BBC Security Correspondent Gordon Corera explores the history of the war between government and geeks to control computer cryptography .
The revelations from Edward Snowden that British and American spies have been working to break encryption have generated fierce debate . Privacy advocates argue that the spy agencies have undermined the whole internet by weakening the security on which we rely to keep our communications and transactions secure . At issue is whether people should be able to encrypt their messages so that they are entirely private – meaning also that the government wo n't be able to read anything . But this latest fight is just the latest chapter in a battle going back decades .
In the 1970s , a group of quirky academics and scientists came up with a means of providing encryption to the masses . America 's National Security Agency went to war with them – doing its best to suppress the emerging technology of public encryption . In the 1990s the US government pushed to have every computer and phone installed with something called a ‘ clipper ' chip which would allow the government to break encryption if needed – effectively a back door for the state . They lost that battle and so what we have learnt from the Snowden leaks is how they tried to work round encryption by hacking into companies and other spy-type methods to retain their edge .
Who will win the next round ?
( Photo : A computer screen with a target , Credit : Mahmud Hams/AFP/Getty Images )
UCF presents plan to expand football , baseball stadiums and upgrade athletic facilities
School plans to expand football , baseball stadiums , add administrative buildings and build tennis facility
The facility development plan , which includes 13 different projects spanning from an open-air club in the football stadium to a new tennis facility , would cost an estimated total of $ 69.47 million .
UCF administrators on Wednesday laid out a comprehensive plan for upgrading the university 's athletic facilities , beginning with a baseball stadium project expected to break ground in July and including plans for an eventual 10,000-seat expansion of Bright House Networks Stadium .
Three projects have essentially been given the green light already and have projected construction start dates : the Wayne Densch Center for Student Athlete Leadership ( Dec. 2013 , $ 6.5 million ) , an open-air club in Bright House Networks Stadium ( Jan. 2014 , $ 1.4 million ) and the baseball club level seating deck and media facility ( July 2013 , $ 2.5 million ) .
The open-air club is pending an engineering study that is expected to be completed in June .
`` I think this is a natural evolution of a program that has grown incredibly fast , '' UCF athletics director Todd Stansbury said .
Stansbury seemed especially excited for the new student athlete center , which they said will go hand-in-hand with programs that help to prepare athletes for careers after UCF , including junior achievement partnerships and business incubator programs like the `` First Round Draft Choice '' program , which connects student-athletes with area business leaders as well as the school 's medical and business schools .
The student athlete leadership center and baseball stadium expansion will be paid for through the university refinancing a line of credit , a move which still must be approved by the Florida Board of Governors . Final approval would likely come in July .
The open-air club will come from private funding , and David Hansen , UCF senior associate athletic director for internal operations , said the school has heard from several parties who wish to help fund the concept , including companies who may be looking to sponsor the club area .
Similarly , a two-part plan to expand Bright House Networks Stadium – building on to the west-side Roth Tower to accommodate additional suites and club suites , and adding an upper deck on the east side – would come through fundraising . Those two projects are estimated to cost $ 35 million .
Stansbury said there is no estimated start time for that expansion .
UCF also hopes to raise money to build an administration center ( $ 6.5 million ) next to the new student athlete leadership center , which would be located outside the east side of Bright House , a new football operations building on the south end of the stadium ( $ 15 million ) , a renovation of the current Wayne Densch Sports Center ( $ 750,000 ) to be used by Olympic sports and a new tennis complex ( $ 4.2 million ) .
The tennis complex would include 12 outdoor courts , six covered courts and a clubhouse with locker rooms for the men and women 's programs .
`` It is going to require our community , our donors , our fan base to really step it up to enable us to do that , '' Stansbury said . `` The fundraising component to all of this , that is going to by the lynchpin to us being able to do some of these projects . ''
For the second time in four days the Florida Gators have received a commitment from a four-star JUCO defensive tackle , earning a pledge from Damien Jacobs ( Scooba , MS ) out of East Mississippi Community College on Wednesday .
“ I just joined the Florida Gator Family ! ” they announced on Facebook .
A soft verbal commitment to Tennessee before changing their mind on junior college national signing day , Jacobs had recently taken visits to Florida , Mississippi State and Texas A & M . They are considered the No . 10 JUCO player in the nation by Rivals.com and was previously a Florida State commitment as a three-star player in 2010 .
Jacobs is graduating this semester and will join the Gators in January .
Florida also gained a pledge Sunday from Visesio Salt ( Walnut , CA ) , a 6 ' 3 ” 340-pound nose tackle who may also see some time on the Gators ' offensive line depending on how they perform in practice once they arrive in Gainesville , FL .
Rivals.com ranks Salt as the No . 9 JUCO player in the country , and Florida expects them to join the team in May after they graduate from Mount San Antonio College .
Jacobs is the 18th player to commit to the Gators for 2012 and the fifth defensive lineman . They join Salt , four-star Dante Phillips ( Venice , FL ) and three-stars Quinteze Williams ( Tyrone , GA ) and Jafar Mann ( Stone Mountain , GA ) .
Florida announced Jacobs 's commitment Wednesday afternoon :
Jacobs , a defensive tackle from East Mississippi Community College , was a part of the team that won the 2011 NJCAA Football Championship Game over Arizona Western College . Listed at 6 ' 4 ” and 310 pounds , they totaled 47 tackles , 8 tackles-for-loss , 4 QB hurries , 2 sacks and 2 fumble recoveries this season for the Lions .
NewsCatholic Church
November 6 , 2017 , ( LifeSiteNews.com ) – German Catholics are protesting a program endorsed personally by the archbishop of Berlin that gives “ practical tips ” to Catholic sex educators on how to teach children about their “ sexual rights , ” advising them that adult sex with a minor is permitted , as long as it 's “ consensual , ” and outlining the process of obtaining an abortion .
The program also seeks to eliminate “ taboos , ” “ prejudices , ” and “ stereotypes ” regarding various forms of sexual deviation , including homosexual behavior and masturbation , treating such impulses as part of a person 's identity . At the same time , it seeks to resolve the “ tension ” between such behaviors and the Catholic Church 's “ official ” doctrines on human sexuality .
“ A church that tries to impose people 's opinions today is crazy , ” writes Berlin archbishop Heiner Koch in their introduction to the program . “ We need to take note of the diversity of ideas about sexuality in our society . However , in the company of young people , we also need to be in a position to make a profound statement that the Christian faith and its image of man can free themselves to self-realization , to true relationship and intimacy . ”
The program 's “ Practical tips for the use of methods in sexual pedagogical work with youth groups , ” posted on the archdiocesan website , addresses the question , “ When is it normal to have sex ? ” It gives a list of hypothetical “ situations ” regarding minors involved in out-of-wedlock sexual activity and then provides “ answers ” to those situations regarding the minors ' “ right ” to engage in the behavior . Catholic doctrine on sexual morality in the document is left unmentioned .
In hypothetical “ Situation 2 ” a 22-year-old man has a 15-year-old girlfriend with whom they wish to have sexual relations . The archdiocese writes , “ In principle , persons of legal age may sleep with minors , provided it is consensual sexual acts/intercourse . It gets difficult , however , whenever sexual acts or intercourse are forced . ”
In “ Situation 6 , ” a girl named “ Milena ” has an “ unwanted pregnancy. ” While the document discusses options for receiving state support for them as an unwed mother , or for adopting , it adds , “ In the context of pregnancy conflict counseling Milena can be advised on the possibility of abortion . ”
“ In the consultation , the father of the expected child or even their parents can be present if they so wishes . They even have to show that they took part in a consultation should they decide to terminate . In the consultation , the father of the expected child or even their parents can be present if they so wishes . No matter how Milena decides , they can get advice and has the right to psychological support , ” the document continues .
The “ tips ” even explain how minors can obtain contraceptives without their parents finding out , and implies that those under 14 years of age can obtain contraceptives to facilitate their sexual activity , despite the fact that it is illegal .
In “ Situation 5 , ” readers are told , “ Laura ( 15 ) would like to sleep with their boyfriend and considers different contraceptives. ” However , she 's afraid their parents will find out . The archdiocese notes that , as “ Laura ” is under 16 years of age , their doctor can inform their parents that they want oral contraceptives . However , “ Laura ” can “ try to convince the doctor that they are mature enough to make that decision . ”
The archdiocese notes that “ for under-14s it will be difficult to get a prescription for contraceptives since intercourse for under-14s is prohibited by law. ” However , it adds that “ in principle , adolescents can buy over-the-counter contraceptives such as condoms and a diaphragm at any pharmacy . If you are uncomfortable asking for it in a pharmacy , you can also buy condoms anonymously in a drugstore . ”
Other “ situations ” include teenage girls in lesbian relationships and a boy who wants to be tested for venereal diseases without being detected by their parents . Both are within the legal “ rights ” of minors , the archdiocese states .
German Catholics respond with a petition
A group of German Catholics outraged by the archbishop 's apparent endorsement of pro-abortion materials has organized a petition to ask them to remove them from the archdiocesan website , entitled “ The Archdiocese of Berlin should finally stop giving teens tips on abortion ! ”
“ Incomprehensible ! The Archdiocese of Berlin gives 15-year-old pregnant women tips on how to kill their child . . . . This exposes the archbishop of Berlin , Heiner Koch , as a follower of the feminist pro-choice ideology , which gives the right to life of unborn children to the arbitrariness of their mothers . Pro-Choice is not opinion , but murder ! ”
The petitioners ask the archbishop to “ take the unspeakable abortion tips immediately from the website of the Archdiocese of Berlin . The church has the right to defend the right to life of the unborn and a moral obligation to act as the protective power of innocent children in public . ”
However , the petitioners make no mention of other material on the site that normalizes and legitimizes out-of-wedlock and homosexual sex acts .
Archbishop seeks 'conversation ' with adolescents about their values
The materials were originally presented by the Archdiocese of Berlin at a conference called “ In ‘ Freedom and Responsibility ' : Sex Education Work in Catholic Institutions ” in February of 2016 .
According to Archbishop Heiner Koch , the conference sought to “ trace the tensions between Catholic sexual morality , one 's own attitude , life-world and the sexual pedagogical requirements in the workplace and to get into conversation about it . ”
“ Abortion , Homosexuality , Masturbation : The spectrum on the topic of ‘ sex ' is as far-reaching in Catholic education and care facilities for children and adolescents as society dictates , ” states the archdiocese on its webpage regarding the event , “ But the taboos are also big , as educators and social workers admitted at a conference. ” Conference materials seek to help adolescents clarify their own values in a dialogical manner .
Archbishop responds to complaints , but protesters not satisfied
Following an outcry from German Catholics over the abortion “ tips ” given in “ Situation 6 , ” the archbishop ordered a paragraph be added to that section noting that it is “ difficult ” to teach about the law “ completely detached from moral issues , ” and that the “ ecclesiastical context ” “ offers the topic of ‘ protection of life . ' ” According to the archbishop , this makes it “ clear ” that Christian values are to be taught along with the material . Other statements were added affirming that girls ca n't be pressured to have abortions .
However , the petitioners were not satisfied with archbishop 's response . “ The document still states ( supplemented by a few remarks ) : ‘ Even girls under the age of 18 have the opportunity in principle to be able to terminate a pregnancy without penalty in the first twelve weeks . ( ... ) No matter how Milena decides , they can seek advice and has the right to psychological support . ' ”
“ Unfortunately , this is only a half-hearted appeasement by the archdiocese , but not a true commitment to a culture of life ! ” add the petitioners . “ We must therefore maintain our protest and continue to apply pressure . The document should completely disappear from the site of the archdiocese ! ”
The material represents a long-established tendency of extreme laxity regarding sexual morals among German-speaking Catholic clergy and laity . German-speaking bishops , Such as Walter Kasper and Christoph Schönborn , have provided the principal impetus for the acceptance of adulterous second marriages in the Catholic Church . The permanent council of the German bishops ' conference has approved giving Holy Communion to those who are living in such marriages .
In recent years the German bishops , in particular , have promoted the notion of “ diverse family types ” and have even published an article defending same-sex “ marriage. ” Some German bishops , however , are resisting this tendency .
Scotland 's fourth-largest city Dundee was traditionally famous for the three `` Js '' - jute , jam and journalism being the pillars of its wealth . Today , however , the city is reinventing itself as a destination for food and art .
London 's Victoria & Albert Museum is opening the V & A Museum of Design later this year as a new international centre of design in Scotland on Dundee 's historic waterfront . The international competition to find a design tema for this landmark building was won by the Japanese starchitect Kengo Kuma .
Advertisement
Leaves Of Three ... Let Them Be by Susie Johnston
The city itself is rapidly becoming a centre for great art thanks to the Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design at the University of Dundee . Today it is considered one the best art schools in Europe and the 2015 Masters Degree show that opens on August 22 will see 17 artists graduating , some of whom have already established both national and international reputations - so is likely to attract an national audience . The degree show there earlier this summer attracted a record-breaking 15,000 people over ten days . This time works include drawings with gunpowder , an exploded North Sea oil pipe and the reconstructed face of an 18th-century pirate .
Mass In Isolation by Samantha Wison
And while you 're up there be sure to eat out . It may be most famous as the birthplace of marmalade but the reputation of the new restaurant scene in Dundee is rapidly catching up with those in Edinburgh and Glasgow , with a particular emphasis on modern Scottish cuisine . Head over the bridge to the south bank of the Tay and The View . The food is great - and the view back across the water to the city every bit as good .
Fragile by Ellis O'Connor
Master of Fine Arts and Humanities Degree Show 2015 , 22-30 August at Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art & Design , Perth Road , Dundee
The legalization of same-sex marriage would be a “ very dangerous place ” for America to go and could lead to civil disobedience , former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee warns .
I have received an exclusive copy of a letter the Republican presidential candidate is sending to conservative leaders and pro-family activists around the nation .
Click here to join Todd on Facebook for conservative conversations !
In that letter , which you can read here , they vow to “ fight to defend religious liberty at all costs . ”
“ I refuse to sit silently as politically driven interest groups threaten the foundation of religious liberty , criminalize Christianity , and demand that Americans abandon Biblical principles of natural marriage , ” Huckabee wrote .
Huckabee also had a stern message for their fellow Republican contenders – urging them to join the fight to defend the Constitution .
“ If you lack the backbone to reject judicial tyranny and fight for religious liberty , you have no business serving our nation as President of the United States , ” they wrote .
Huckabee has mobilized an impressive group of conservative and religious leaders – many of whom signed their letter – including National Religious Broadcasters President Jerry Johnson , Dr. James Dobson , Tim and Donald Wildmon of American Family Association , Steve Strang of Charisma Media and Mat Staver , chairperson of Liberty Counsel .
“ This is not just about marriage , ” Huckabee told me in a telephone interview . “ This is about whether or not a government can begin to put limitations on the conscious and convictions of people who have faith . ”
Penny Nance , the president of Concerned Women for America , signed Huckabee 's letter . They said it 's “ absolutely essential for Christians to stand and be counted .
“ We strongly believe people of faith have to step forward and make a commitment , ” they told me . “ We fear God more than we fear man and I think that 's what Governor Huckabee is trying to say . ”
Nance predicted that the legalization of gay marriage would lead to greater attacks on Christian Americans .
“ We will see people of faith lose their jobs , pastors will be sued , churches will lose their tax exempt status , ” they said . “ Now is the time for us to speak up . We must obey God . We are not willing to bend one knee to man . ”
That was the message sent earlier this week by the Southern Baptist Convention . Members passed a resolution opposing gay marriage and President Ronnie Floyd delivered a fiery declaration .
“ The Supreme Court of the United States is not the final authority nor is the culture itself , ” said the elected leader of the nation 's largest non-Catholic denomination . “ The Bible is God 's final authority about marriage and on this book we stand . ”
Huckabee said they were proud of Floyd 's stand and called their comments bold .
“ When an individual is faced with a decision of bowing to Caesar or bowing their knee to God – they have to take their stand and get on their knees to God instead of Caesar , ” Huckabee told me . “ This is where we are rapidly heading . ”
A direction that a growing number of Christians believe will lead them to engage in acts of civil disobedience .
“ That does mean civil disobedience , ” Huckabee told me . “ It means we are obedient to a power that is not only higher than the current government , but a power that was the basis of our government . ”
Huckabee said taking a stand comes with a price . They said some Christians might lose their jobs or their businesses or face lawsuits or government investigations .
“ People are going to have to begin to be willing to lose things in order to preserve the country and their freedoms , ” they said . “ When people are told by their government what they can and ca n't say , it 's one step away from being told what they can and ca n't do . All other liberties begin to erode . ”
Huckabee is a modern-day voice crying in the political wilderness . Religious liberty is under attack but many politicians have remained silent – fearful of the Republican Party 's powerful donor class .
It is refreshing to see a man practice what they preach – a man willing to speak the truth regardless of the consequences .
Americans should pay heed to what Huckabee says . If generations of long-cherished traditions and convictions can be pushed aside by a small but vocal minority – then religious liberty will indeed be lost . And with it – the foundation of all our freedoms .
Story highlights TEPCO says water in the area has a slightly elevated level of a radioactive material
The company is trying to see how much contaminated water may have reached the ocean
Sandbags are used to stop the leak , the operator says
A 9.0-magnitude earthquake and a subsequent tsunami damaged the plant in March
Workers at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear facility have discovered a leak of 45 metric tons of radioactive water , operator Tokyo Electric Power Company said in a statement Monday .
It 's unclear whether the contaminated water reached the Pacific Ocean .
The water was found Sunday morning inside a barrier around an evaporative condensation apparatus , which is used to purify seawater used at the plant to cool reactors damaged in the 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami in March .
TEPCO said it was able to stop the leak by stacking sandbags around a crack found in a concrete barrier around the condensation unit . The company said the seawater around the drain had a slightly higher level of a radioactive substance -- cesium 137 -- than usual . TEPCO said it is still working to see how much contaminated water may have reached the ocean .
The dual natural disasters on March 11 wreaked havoc in Japan , killing more than 15,000 people . While many of those died instantly , the country was on edge for weeks as utility and government employees scrambled to prevent a worsening nuclear catastrophe at the Daiichi plant , located about 240 kilometers ( 150 miles ) north of Tokyo .
JUST WATCHED Fukushima chief ill Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fukushima chief ill 01:12
Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency eventually categorized the accident as a level-7 event -- the highest level on an international scale for nuclear disasters -- putting it on par with the 1986 Chernobyl disaster .
Landing at Paro Airport has been described by many people as breathtaking . Conversely , the tiny airstrip situated a mile and a half above sea level has also been described as completely terrifying and is roundly regarded as one of the most challenging airports to land in the world .
Coming out of the clouds toward Paro Airport , you are likely to see 18,000 foot peaks of the Himalayas on one or both sides of you . At 6,500 feet long , the runway at Paro is actually shorter than its elevation , and few pilots are even certified to fly into the Himalayan valley . Besides the danger of flying through some of the world 's tallest peaks , the runway is carved out of the mountain foliage , and pilots must also account for vicious winds that sweep through the valley .
Despite the challenges associated with the airport , the eight pilots that are certified to land at the airport still manage to bring over 30,000 people per year into the mountainous Asian country .
Warren Frost , the character actor best known for their role as Dr. Will Hayward on “ Twin Peaks , ” died Friday after a long illness at their home in Middlebury , Vt . They were 91 .
Frost had recently come out of retirement to reprise their “ Twin Peaks ” role for the sequel to the ABC series that is set to debut on Showtime in May . Frost was the father of Mark Frost , the co-creator with filmmaker David Lynch of the revered mystery-fantasy franchise .
Warren Frost had a long career before and after the original “ Twin Peaks. ” They logged a memorable guest role on “ Seinfeld , ” playing the father of George Constanza 's fiancee in five episodes . They also limned a recurring character on the Andy Griffith legal drama “ Matlock ” and had guest shots on series including “ The Larry Sanders Show , ” “ L.A . Law ” and “ Murphy Brown . ”
“ We 're saddened today to announce the passing of our dear old dad , Warren Frost , ” Mark Frost said . “ From the Normandy shores on D-Day to their 50-year career on stage and screen , they remained the same humble guy from Vermont who taught us that a life devoted to telling the right kind of truths can make a real difference in the lives of others . We 're grateful to have shared them with the world for as long as we did . ”
Related Walt Disney Archives Founder Dave Smith Dies at 78 Audrey Geisel , Dr. Seuss ' Widow and 'The Grinch ' Producer , Dies at 97
Born in Massachusetts in 1925 , Frost spent their early years in the Bronx before moving to Vermont . They joined the Navy at the age of 17 after graduating from high school in 1942 . They spent three years as a First Class Petty Officer and was part of the D-Day invasion at Normandy , with their ship serving a minesweeper in advance of the Allied armada to come .
Frost discovered their love of acting and the love of their life — Virginia Calhoun , their wife of 68 years — while attending Middlebury College in Vermont on the G.I . Bill after the war . They and Calhoun did summer stock around New England before moving to New York City . Frost got a job working behind the scenes at CBS , which led to a three-year stint as floor director and stage manager for “ Philco Playhouse , ” where Frost worked with such luminaries as Sidney Lumet , John Frankenheimer and George Roy Hill .
Frost moved to the West Coast in 1958 and resumed their acting career , appearing in “ Perry Mason ” and “ Dragnet , ” among other shows . After earning a master 's degree in theater arts at Occidental College , Frost moved to Minneapolis to pursue their doctorate . They joined the faculty at the University of Minnesota and became a regular in the city theater 's scene , directing and appearing in plays including several that they wrote .
By 1988 Frost was back in New York City where they appeared for a year on the CBS daytime soap “ As the World Turns. ” The following year , they were drafted for their signature role on “ Twin Peaks ” as the doctor in the titular small town where strange things happen . After “ Twin Peaks , ” Frost had their most prominent roles in primetime series .
Frost retired in 2000 in Vermont , although they continued to appear on stage in their own one-man shows .
In addition to their wife and son Mark , Frost is survived by son Scott , a novelist and photographer ; daughter Lindsay Frost , an actor and artist ; and three grandsons .
Representative Adam Schiff , a California Democrat , speaks during an interview in Washington D.C. , U.S. , on Wednesday , July 17 , 2013 . 'It is going to damage our relations with Russia when there are things the Russians want from us , ' Schiff said speaking about the case of former intelligence contractor Edward Snowden . Photographer : Julia Schmalz/Bloomberg via Getty Images
WASHINGTON , Nov 21 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. House of Representatives intelligence committee rejected a proposal on Thursday that would have required U.S. spy agencies to make an annual public accounting of the number of casualties caused by U.S. drone attacks on militants overseas .
The Republican-controlled committee rejected the measure by a vote of 15-5 , according to Patrick Boland , a spokesperson for Representative Adam Schiff , the California Democrat who had proposed it .
Earlier this month , the Senate Intelligence Committee , which is led by Democrats , approved a similar provision by a majority vote with some Republicans senators voting against it .
The provision approved by the Senate committee - and rejected by its House counterpart - would have required U.S. agencies every year to make public totals compiled by the U.S. government of both combatant and non-combatant deaths and injuries caused by U.S. drone strikes overseas .
The House committee also rejected language that its Senate counterpart earlier had approved with the intention of bolstering scrutiny of secret spy agency deliberations about targeting U.S. citizens or residents for lethal drone strikes overseas .
Obama administration officials have indicated that drone operations have degraded or even decimated the ranks of al Qaeda 's core organization and proven effective against al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate .
Administration officials also have maintained privately that the number of non-combatant civilians killed or injured in U.S. drone strikes against militants has been relatively minimal - in the low dozens . Respected human rights groups have reported much larger totals .
The Obama administration drastically increased the number of drone strikes after it took office in 2009 but attacks have tapered off in the past year .
Schiff argued that it would require `` minimal resources '' for U.S. agencies to produce an annual report of drone-related casualties and that doing so would provide a `` modest but important measure of transparency and oversight . ''
Congressional Republicans privately have argued that making such casualty totals public is a bad idea because at present , U.S. drone strikes against militants overseas are largely conducted as `` covert actions '' under intelligence-related legal authorizations .
Acknowledging drone strikes publicly could compromise the ability of the United States to conduct intelligence operations , they argue .
Just when you think the MLS playoffs ca n't get any crazier ...
An insane closing six minutes of regulation saw the fortunes change hands multiple times between FC Dallas and the Seattle Sounders , the former of which ultimately took their Western Conference semifinal with a 4–2 victory in a penalty kick shootout after a 3–3 aggregate draw and will play for the right to advance to MLS Cup .
After bringing wave and wave of pressure only to be constantly denied , FC Dallas finally got the goal it needed , as substitute forward Tesho Akindele 's 84th-minute strike forced a 2–2 aggregate tie and had Dallas ahead on away goals . For the time being , that is . Seattle center back Chad Marshall responded in the 90th minute with a header off a corner kick , restoring Seattle 's one-goal aggregate edge and pulling the Sounders even on away goals .
The hosts bounced right back , though , as another substitute , Walker Zimmerman , scored on a Dallas corner kick in stoppage time to force 30 more minutes .
Dallas had the best of the chances in extra time , but could not find a way past goalkeeper Stefan Frei .
In penalties , Jesse Gonzalez was the hero , making consecutive saves to put the Sounders to the sword , and Zimmerman fittingly scored the decisive kick , putting FC Dallas back in the conference final for the first time since 2010 , when it finished as MLS Cup finalist .
Here are three thoughts on the wild match :
Jesse Gonzalez is how old ? And doing what ?
FC Dallas manager Oscar Pareja trusts their youth . That 's been documented , and he 's not shy about it . Peruse the FC Dallas roster and see the number of players in their teens or lower 20s making key contributions over the course of the season . It 's plentiful .
Well , the 20-year-old Gonzalez is one of them . After beating MLS veterans Dan Kennedy and Chris Seitz for FCD 's No . 1 job and taking the reins Aug. 22 , Gonzalez has n't looked back . They were a picture of poise in the penalty-kick shootout , calmly holding their line and guessing right ( going left ) to deny both Andreas Ivanschitz and Chad Barrett and putting FCD in the driver 's seat .
You never know how a player of Gonzalez 's age and experience is going to fare when the pressure gets to its highest , but they handled it like a true pro . FC Dallas has a gem of an asset in the Mexican youth international , and Pareja , as he 's shown , is not afraid to unleash him .
With the likes of homegrown players Gonzalez , Victor Ulloa and Kellyn Acosta in addition to foreign signings Fabian Castillo , Mauro Diaz and Michael Barrios ( more on them below ) Pareja has built a sustainable model for success in Frisco ( to be fair , they had started to do the same in Colorado until the regime that followed them moved in a different direction ) and carved out a true identity for the franchise .
Barrios a one-man wrecking crew
For all of the defensive answers that Seattle had ( until the waning moments of regulation , of course ) , it had none for Barrios . The 24-year-old Colombian was an absolute menace on the flank , torching Seattle 's left and constantly sending dangerous balls into the area .
For all the plaudits ( rightfully so ) that Castillo and Diaz receive for their work , Barrios 's incessant pressure played a large role in Dallas 's eventual breakthrough . JeVaughn Watson may have delivered the key assist on Akindele 's initial equalizer , but it came on the heels of the groundwork Barrios laid on that flank .
MLSSoccer.com
Barrios accumulated all of their seven goals and two assists from July 4 on , seizing their opportunity to become a regular starter for FC Dallas and running with it . With performances like the one they had Sunday night , you can see why Pareja gave them the keys .
Seattle comes up short again
This game was by no means conventional , and with injuries to key cogs like Osvaldo Alonso and Brad Evans , Seattle has a built-in excuse for ultimately failing to progress . But that is the bottom line : Seattle came up short again in its quest to win MLS Cup .
The club seemed to have found its stride , entering Sunday on an 11-match unbeaten streak , and for a while , it appeared as if Seattle 's defend-at-all-costs tactics would work . The Sounders were six minutes away from ousting FCD with a scoreless second leg for the second straight season , as Clint Dempsey and Nelson Valdez regularly dropped back to defend in order to counter Dallas 's flair and ball movement in Seattle 's own third , and the Sounders looked like a team that fully bought in to win by sticking together , staying organized , sacrificing for one another and making sure they did n't break .
Especially after overcoming that daunting Galaxy hurdle in the first round and getting Dempsey 's heroics in the first leg vs. FC Dallas , Seattle looked primed to go through , but now the questions have to be asked : Will the team try to get younger in key spots in the attack ( ahem , Jordan Morris ) and on the back line ? What more does general manager Garth Lagerwey need to do to tweak the roster to form a winning combination ? Will Sigi Schmid get the benefit of the doubt again and return , or is it time for someone else to take charge ?
There are no easy answers , and given the manner in which Seattle went out , it 's not like a colossal overhaul is needed . But with expectations in the Emerald City perennially high , there 's no way swallowing the PK pill is going to be easy for the Sounders ' powers that be .
Nery Israel Estrada-Margos Was Wanted By ICE When They Killed Their Girlfriend
Sonoma County , California – A California county that has declared itself a sanctuary city gave federal immigration officers just 16 minutes notification it released a man that U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement wanted detained .
Once released , that man ignored a restraining order and then went and killed their girlfriend .
Nery Israel Estrada-Margos confessed to killing their girlfriend , according to authorities .
About two weeks before killing their girlfriend , Veronica Cabrera Ramirez , who was the mother of two girls , Santa Rosa police arrested Estrada-Margos for domestic battery after they allegedly beat Ramirez .
After they were booked for battery , ICE asked the Sonoma County Sheriff 's Department to notify them of their release , according to KTVU TV .
Sonoma County Sheriff Rob Giordano said their department had alerted ICE they were releasing Estrada-Margos .
“ We did notify ICE of their release date and time . Sometimes they pick up , sometimes they do n't , ” said Giordano .
ICE released a statement that the sheriff 's department only notified ICE 16 minutes before releasing them and that was n't enough time for the federal officials to pick Estrada-Margos up .
According to The Daily Caller , ICE would have needed to travel over 60 miles and it would have taken 90 minutes for ICE officers to travel to Sonoma County .
James Schwab , ICE 's spokesperson in San Francisco , gave a detailed account of the time schedule to The Daily Caller .
“ Immigration detainers serve as a legally authorized request , upon which a law enforcement agency may rely , to continue to maintain custody of an alien for up to 48 hours so that ICE may assume custody for removal purposes , ” Schwab told the Daily Caller .
Schwab told The Daily Caller that the “ vast majority ” of notifications that ICE receives from Sonoma County in the past six months “ have failed to provide sufficient advance notification to pick up these criminals . ”
Rep. Tony Cardenas , D-Arleta , is fighting to make sure the U.S. Post Office in Sun Valley remains open because of its importance to the community .
On Feb. 8 , the USPS removed its carrier operation from the branch at 10946 Ratner St. , spokesperson Richard Maher said , pointing out that there are no plans to shut down the remainder of its offerings , including post office boxes , retail services , mail drop and counter agents .
Saying they want something in writing to confirm that a closure of the facility , which has been open since 1960 , is not in the offing , Cardenas sent a letter to Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe .
“ This post office is important to the residents of Sun Valley and has served as a community hub , bringing foot traffic and business to nearby commercial tenants , ” Cardenas wrote , adding they had contacted other USPS officials but has so far failed to receive formal assurance the branch will remain open .
“ I still have n't heard anything back , and we are not going to give up on this , ” Cardenas said , blaming Republican Party leaders seeking to privatize the postal service .
“ We will continue to inquire and press this issue , ” they added . “ I 've talked with UPS and FedEx , and they do n't want the postal service to close . They are n't in the business of delivering letters . ”
Cardenas does n't believe some in Congress appreciate the importance of having a postal facility near one 's home . “ What they are talking about is having something more than three miles away , ” they said . “ It just would n't be practical . ”
Maher noted the USPS has been consolidating a number of its operations . In Sun Valley , that meant moving 21 letter-carrier routes to its Burbank office at 2140 N. Hollywood Way , about three miles away . “ We have no plans to close Sun Valley , and if that decision was made , we would have to go through a public process before any action could be taken , ” they said .
However , rumors of a potential closure have been circulating for a while , with Cardenas ' staff hearing from workers at the Sun Valley facility that there were plans to close in six to eight months .
A number of local protests sprang up .
Mike O'Gara , a member of the Sun Valley Area Neighborhood Council , said the post office is a fixture in the community and serves as an anchor tenant at its location .
“ For instance , our neighborhood council has a post-office box there , so I go in three times a week , ” they said . “ I see people there all the time who go into the bank or the shoe-repair shop , the restaurant or the market .
“ It is busy all the time , and clerks there are very , very helpful . ”
Zella Knight , a member of the Los Angeles County Housing Commission and a local activist , said they fear the loss of service to the community .
“ My concern is with the people of low income , the seniors , those with disabilities or the homeless who rely on the post office , ” Knight said . “ In my case , they helped me when my identity was stolen . What is disheartening is that the community has not been involved in any of the decision making . ”
( CBS )
( MONROE , MICH. ) - When asked to respond to Sarah Palin 's announcement today that their 17-year-old daughter is pregnant , Barack Obama sternly said the story is irrelevant to the presidential campaign .
`` I think peoples families are off limits and people 's children are especially off limits . ''
Obama addressed the press after they attended a Labor Day picnic here . Although they intended to give a statement on Hurricane Gustav , Obama was quickly asked about Bristol Palin 's pregnancy .
`` My mother had me when they were 18 years old , '' Obama said , adding that families should deal with these issues privately . `` That should n't be the topic of our politics , and I hope that anybody who is supporting me understands that 's off limits . ''
Obama said they were offended by comments from a McCain advisor suggesting that their campaign may have been spreading rumors about Palin on the internet .
`` Our people were not involved in any way in this and they will not be . And if I ever thought that it was somebody in my campaign that was involved in something like that , they 'd be fired . ''
vinnygambini said : But Nirolak said it was a success !
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ) Click to expand ...
Spoiler And wonder why DQHeroes did n't release on the WiiU ... > . >
I totally called it ! ¯\_ ( ツ_/¯Anyway , for a more in depth post ... of brevity . FE : if performs well as we have come to expect thanks to Niro 's big post on `` expanding a brand '' and franchise care that Nintendo has really put into the series after Awakening 's success . ( Does Nintendo fund the concerts , or does IS pay for that themselves ? ) I do hope we some more ventures from IS given their successes here even if they are STEAMbombas ! Time to revive AW , and give it a refresh for modern times I 'd say.Splatoon continues to be unsINKable , and it has made it such that I wonder just how much of a catch up game the WiiU will play on its last year LTD and even the PS4 's current LTD come the holidays if Nintendo makes some wise bundle choices.Also I contineu to be surprised by how damage Final Fantasy is as a brand .
Former Northern Ireland midfielder Tommy Doherty has left League Two club Exeter Cities by mutual agreement .
The 34-year-old , who has played for nine clubs during their 18-year professional career , signed a new deal with the Grecians in June .
They made 13 appearances this term but has not played since starting in November 's FA Cup loss to Peterborough .
`` I think this is a case of them getting to a point where enough is enough , '' Exeter manager Paul Tisdale said .
Tommy Doherty factfile The midfielder came through the Bristol City academy and went on to make 226 first-team appearances for the Robins . They have played more than 440 club games , featuring for Queens Park Rangers , Yeovil Town , Wycombe Wanderers , Hungarian outfit Ferencvarosi , Bradford City , Newport County and Bath City , before moving to Exeter City in July 2012 . Doherty was twice named in the PFA League Two Team of the Year in 2007 and 2009 during spells with Wycombe . They won nine Northern Ireland caps between 2003 and 2005 .
Talking to the club website , Tisdale added : `` When you 're not playing regularly and you 're at the end of your career , it 's a difficult place to be in .
`` The physical demands of training every day can catch up on players . Tommy has been a very useful member of our squad , but it did n't materialise that they were playing regularly for us this season and that 's a difficult situation for a senior player .
`` As of today they are no longer our player - I do n't believe that they are going anywhere else . ''
Doherty started their career at Bristol City , where they made 226 appearances over nine years .
During their time at Ashton Gate they won all nine of their Northern Ireland caps , the last coming in their 4-0 defeat by England in a World Cup qualifier at Old Trafford in March 2005 .
They moved to QPR for an undisclosed fee that summer but played only 15 games in two and a half years at the club .
Doherty then had loan spells at Yeovil and Wycombe before moving to Adams Park permanently in January 2008 .
They went on to join Hungary 's Ferencvaros and Bradford before spending a year in the Conference Premier with Newport County and Bath City .
After just one game for Bath they returned to the Football League with Exeter , where they spent 18 months and played 45 games .
Late last month the stunning flop “ League of Gods ” was released unto the world , adding to what has thus far been a miserable summer at the Chinese box office .
In July , Chinese films brought in less than 4.34 billion yuan ( about $ 653 million ) in box office sales , down by 1.2 billion yuan from the same period last year . For the Chinese movie market , which has been growing at a breakneck speed in recent years , it is the second time in 2016 that ticket sales have slumped — the first time being in April .
Strictly speaking , summer sales still have another several weeks to recover , but if the 5 billion yuan brought in by the industry last August is anything to go by , such a recovery seems impossible — August sales are typically lower than July .
“ League of Gods ” was universally panned by critics upon its July 29 release . On Douban , China 's largest user review website , the film has been given 3.4 out of 10 stars , making it one of Douban 's worst reviewed movies . Although “ League of Gods ” is outfitted with celebrities from some of the most critically acclaimed movies of the last few years , it is nonetheless doomed to the bargain bin .
The awful quality of domestically produced movies has become an issue that can no longer be ignored . From the failed comedy-western “ For a Few Bullets , ” released in July , to romantic-comedy flop No-One 's Life Is Easy ( So I Married an Anti-Fan ) , it feels like all summer 2016 has produced are movies catering to a love for celebrity culture with little regard to content .
It would seem that rapid growth of the film industry in recent years has made domestic producers complacent with their own success , giving them blind faith in their own abilities and unbridled optimism about the state of the market . And yet a large part of this bubble is due to a practice known as “ ticket supplementing , ” where production companies use various practices to distort box office sales .
​As the ticket sales bubble bursts and ticket supplementing is becoming a thing of the past , the low quality of domestic films has been laid bare for all to see . - Chen Changye , film critic
In March state news agency Xinhua reported that the distributor Dayinmu Film Distribution had fabricated thousands of screenings of “ Ip Man 3 ” and had bought up a large number of tickets to inflate box office sales . This practice has become rampant in the Chinese film industry and offers one explanation for how tickets sales managed to increase by nearly 50 percent in 2015 from 2014 . As the president of Beijing Enlight Media Co. Ltd. , Wang Changtian , acknowledged in a press conference in July , the lower-than-expected returns from “ Big Fish and Begonia ” were largely due to ticket supplementing .
Falsifying box office sales is a tactic used by some film distributors to make a movie seem more popular than it is , thus inclining audiences to come and see it . This creates a bubble and makes it hard to tell how well the industry is doing .
During the Beijing International Film Festival in April , Li Dong , the associate director of the Film Special Funds — an office of China 's media censorship body , the State Administration of Press , Publication , Radio , Film , and Television — made a similar statement : “ The high box office returns enjoyed by Chinese movies last year is almost without exception down to exaggerated box office revenues. ” Their statement was later strongly rebuked by their boss , Jiang Tao , who said : “ This is an extremely inaccurate thing to say , and an irresponsible claim to make . ”
Thus , the question is : Have industry managers misread genuine market numbers , or deliberately disseminated false information ?
After Dayinmu was strongly criticized for the “ Ip Man 3 ” incident , the practice of ticket supplementing seemingly disappeared overnight . This was a major catalyst in the slowing down of the movie market over the summer — as the ticket sales bubble bursts and ticket supplementing is becoming a thing of the past , the paltry popularity of low-quality domestic films has been laid bare for all to see .
But perhaps a slowdown in the Chinese film market is n't necessarily a bad thing . It will allow people to look squarely at industry shortcomings , and brush aside fanciful , short-term dreams in favor of setting more realistic targets , hopefully moving the industry into a new phase of growth . The path ahead is always there ; we just need to find the right way in .
( Header image : People watch a film at a cinema in Shijiazhuang , Hebei province , Nov. 24 , 2013 . Chen Jianyu/VCG )
Bitcoin prices topped $ 5,000 for the first time today , surpassing this key , psychological level and setting a fresh high .
The crypocurrency 's price had risen to as much as $ 5,005.26 at the time of report , according to the CoinDesk Bitcoin Price Index ( BPI ) . This brought its year-to-date ( YTD ) return to almost 420 % .
[ Ed note : Investing in cryptocoins or tokens is highly speculative and the market is largely unregulated . Anyone considering it should be prepared to lose their entire investment . ]
Bitcoin 's price has pushed higher amid a variety of factors , including technological improvements , growing interest in cryptocurrencies and sustained inflows from investors .
Technical Upgrades
Bitcoin recently implemented Segregated Witness , an upgrade that will increase transaction capacity and help relieve some of the pressure that rising adoption has placed on the network .
In November , the digital currency will undergo a hard fork that will further increase its capacity for processing transactions .
This hard fork could split the network into two separate blockchains , and this move would result in three versions of Bitcoin : the two new Bitcoin blockchains and Bitcoin Cash .
In spite of this uncertainty , the price of Bitcoin has marched higher .
A Growing Space
While this digital asset undergoes these technical upgrades , the broader cryptocurrency space has been picking up steam .
A growing number of organizations have been exploring the potential uses of these digital assets , and many companies have been holding initial coin offerings ( ICOs ) , innovative token sales that organizations can use to raise funds .
Outperformance
As cryptocurrencies have become known to a rising number of people , they have continued to draw money from investors , causing their total market capitalization ( market cap ) to rise to all-new highs .
Today , this total market cap surpassed $ 179 billion for the first time , according to figures provided by CoinMarketCap . This measure of value has surged more than 900 % this year , causing cryptocurrencies as a whole to outperform many other asset classes , including stocks and bonds .
Future Outlook
This has been a strong year for Bitcoin , which has surged more than 400 % in value and hit a series of all-time highs .
Will the world 's largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization be able to keep up this torrid growth ?
The currency 's potential market is vast , as there are billions of people online .
In November 2016 , The Washington Post reported that 47 % - or nearly half - of the world 's population was using the internet .
If even a slim fraction of these people make use of Bitcoin , the digital currency 's price could skyrocket .
Disclosure : I own some Bitcoin and Ether .
James Harding outlines plans to appoint more women and black , Asian and minority ethnic staff into senior jobs
BBC News plans to earmark £1m a year to recruit disabled journalists as part of a plan to improve the diversity of its workforce .
In a meeting with staff on Wednesday , BBC head of news , James Harding , outlined plans to appoint more women , people with disabilities and those from black , Asian and minority ethnic ( BAME ) backgrounds into senior jobs .
Their remarks come a week after the BBC as a whole pledged that half its 21,000-strong workforce and leadership would be female by 2020 , 15 % BAME and 8 % disabled .
The BBC 's diversity strategy is not good enough Read more
The BBC has so far struggled to reach targets on diversity set in 2014 by direct general Tony Hall . The Labour MP and former culture minister David Lammy accused the corporation of moving too slowly , saying “ rhetoric has not been matched by real progress ” .
In a speech to staff , Harding said : “ The leadership and management of BBC News needs more women and more black people , more Asian and ethnic minority people , more people with disabilities , more people from a wider variety of social backgrounds and more young people . In the last couple of years , we have made a noticeable difference to what the BBC looks and sounds like on air . I 'd say it 's not enough , but we have done a lot . I wo n't rattle off a list of names , but take a look or a listen to the news and you 'll see . ”
They added : “ We have got to provide more jobs and more senior ones for disabled journalists . ”
Harding 's division has been criticised this week for appointing an outsider , Dominic O'Connell as business presenter on Radio 4 's Today programme .
The proposals to recruit more disabled journalists across BBC News have been submitted for approval to the BBC 's executive board .
Harding , appointed in August 2013 , also announced the formation of a new “ under-30s panel ” to work with their senior management board “ to ensure younger voices are not just heard but are helping to shape our future ” . The new panel , made up of representatives from each department , is to start in September .
The plans to improve diversity come ahead of a government white paper to renew the BBC 's royal charter expected to discuss diversity is expected to be published as early as next week .
Man charged in shooting death of 2-year-old Lavontay White
A man charged with murder in connection with the triple shooting that left 2-year-old Lavontay White Jr. and their 26-year-old uncle dead — and injured a pregnant woman — appeared in court Saturday .
Devon Swan , 26 , was ordered held without bail Saturday ; they have been charged with first-degree murder in connection with the Valentine 's Day shooting , Chicago Police said , adding they expect to make additional arrests .
Since 2008 , Swan has been convicted of crimes including unlawful use of a weapon , armed robbery and drug possession , according to Illinois Department of Corrections records . Most recently , they were released on parole in April 2016 while serving time for drug possession and violating electronic monitoring .
The fatal attack in an alley in North Lawndale was partially captured on a Facebook Live video that was being streamed by the pregnant woman when the shooting started .
The three were in a car in the alley in the 2300 block of South Kenneth Avenue about 1:30 p.m. Tuesday when another vehicle drove past and someone got out and pulled out a gun , police said .
Lavontay and their uncle , Lazarec Collins , were both shot in the head , police and the Cook County medical examiner 's office said .
The 20-year-old pregnant woman , Lavontay 's aunt , was shot in the abdomen and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital , police said . A relative told the Chicago Sun-Times on Friday that they had lost the baby , but police on Saturday said the unborn child was fine .
The family member who provided the information about the baby , a sister of Collins , asked that their identity be withheld .
Funeral services for Lavontay and Collins are set for Saturday , Feb. 25 at the Lawndale Christian Center at 3827 W. Ogden , with visitation at 11 a.m. , according to the family member .
A GoFundMe page has been set up help with funeral arrangements for Lavontay .
Chicago Police Supt . Eddie Johnson has called Collins a “ documented gang member , ” saying , “ We believe that this was a targeted shooting , so these people were looking for him . ”
The Trump Organization is pushing back against a claim that President Donald Trump sold two condos to their son Eric at a below-market rate that might have triggered federal gift taxes .
Two tax lawyers claim the transfer of two well-located condo units from a company controlled by President Trump to one controlled by Eric Trump could run afoul of the IRS if the president did n't pay federal gift taxes .
A company controlled by Donald Trump transferred a pair of condos to a limited liability corporation owned by Eric Trump in 2016 for $ 350,000 each in April of 2016 .
In February of that year , the units on the 13th and 14th floor of the building were listed on a 2016 schedule of unsold units at more than double that value – $ 790,000 and $ 800,000 .
Pedestrians pass the Trump Parc East building Tuesday , May 31 , 2016 , in New York . A Donald Trump owned company transferred two units to an Eric Trump owned LLC in 2016
A lower level unit , 5G , sold for $ 690,000 . All are located on Central Park South in a desirable midtown Manhattan location .
But that unit was beautiful , newly renovated and fully furnished , a senior Trump Organization official told DailyMail.com , while the units then-candidate Trump transferred to their son were not refurbished .
The official noted that a similar unit went for a lower price of $ 288,000 , although that sale occurred back in 2013 . That unit was exactly the same size with the same view as the one transferred to Eric Trump .
By arguing that the $ 350,000 price was fair , and in the range of other comparable units , the official was making the argument that the transaction was made at a fair market value price – rather than being done at a below-market value as a form of a gift – which is allowable so long as it gets declared and any taxes are paid .
The transfer was recorded on President Trump 's latest financial disclosure – although it was obscured by the name of the buyer : CPS APARTMENT 13G LLC . The seller was TRUMP CPS LLC .
BEDMINSTER , NJ - JULY 16 : Eric Trump walks out on the 18th green before the trophy ceremony after the final round of the U.S. Women 's Open on July 16 , 2017 at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , New Jersey .
The president 's most pressing problem may come from ' a pre-election transfer of property to a company controlled by their son that could run afoul of the IRS , ' two tax lawyers , David Herzig and Bridget Crawford , wrote in the Washington Post .
Herzig is a visiting professor at the Loyola Los Angeles school of law , and Crawford is a law professor at Pace University . The op-ed piece was headlined : 'This Trump real estate deal looks awfully like criminal tax fraud . '
TAKE THESE CONDOS : Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump ( L ) kisses their son Eric Trump during a campaign event at Briar Woods High School August 2 , 2016 in Ashburn , Virginia . Trump continued to campaign for their run for president of the United States
The condos are located in a 14-story building on Central Park South , an optimal location . Their individual size , listed as about 500 square feet east , might not be quite up to the president 's preference for roomier units .
At issue is whether the condos were sold at below their market value , which would have triggered federal gift taxes , and whether the president identified the gifts and paid the gift taxes on their federal return .
The authors raise the possibility that Trump may not have done so because following the sale , their company paid $ 13,000 in state and local transfer taxes in New York .
If President Donald Trump transferred condo units at below market value , they would have been required to pay gift taxes or file a federal gift return , two tax lawyers wrote
Documents obtained by ProPublica show the two units had been priced at $ 790,000 and $ 800,000
The sale price was listed at $ 350,000
The sale was recorded between two LLCs controlled by Donald Trump and Eric Trump
NEW YORK , NY - SEPTEMBER 26 : Lara Trump ( L ) and Eric Trump attend the Elvis Trumps Cancer Walk Benefiting St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital at Cadman Plaza on September 26 , 2015 in New York City
'If they paid state and local transfer taxes , that means they did n't treat the transfers as gifts . And on the real estate forms in New York , Trump did n't check any of the boxes indicating that these were sales between relatives or sales of less than the entire property . It would seem , then , that they treated the transactions as if they were sales for fair market value to a stranger , ' the authors write .
The existence of the sale was first reported last month by ProPublica and the Real Deal , which relied on crowdsourcing among readers to uncover who the buyer was .
A sale below fair market value also would have required filing a special gift return , which gets used to ensure total gifts fall under a lifetime exemption .
BEDMINSTER , NJ - JULY 16 : Lara Yunaska and their husband Eric Trump walk on the 18th green to attend the trophy ceremony for the U.S. Women 's Open on July 16 , 2017 at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster , New Jersey . ( Photo by Elsa/Getty Images )
TURNBERRY , SCOTLAND - JUNE 28 : Eric Trump and their wife Lara attend the opening Trump Turnberry 's new golf course the King Robert The Bruce course on June 28 , 2017 in Turnberry , Scotland . Formerly the Kintyre Course , it has been redesigned and upgraded and forms the second course to the acclaimed championship Ailsa course
Another sale in the building occurred in November of 2016 , just seven months after the Trump transfer .
That transaction shows the sale price to be $ 189,000 – but public records indicate this sale was only for a 6 per cent share of the 937 square foot unit , which would be valued at above $ 2 million .
Records show Peterson Real Estate Investment LLC was the seller , with a Salt Lake City , Utah address .
Joel Peterson operates Peterson Partners , and is chairperson of JetBlue airlines .
The building has an elevator , a full time doorman , and allows pets .
Eric Trump and Donald Trump were both listed on the condo board with the units were up for sale in 2016 .
For most senior drivers , the biggest advantage is the extra income . Many of those who continue working after 65 do so because they would be too poor otherwise , according to a new report from the labor-backed Economic Policy Institute that found the current retirement system inadequate .
But driving for a ride-booking service , some retirees said , also can offer more than money .
“ I love the freedom , the flexibility — and the cash coming in every week , ” said Maureen Mahon , 59 , who first saw an Uber advertisement on the side of a bus in Manhattan . Ms. Mahon , who lives in Brick Township , N.J. , said they had been laid off twice in recent years from Wall Street , and has been driving intermittently since mid-2014 .
“ I meet business people , college kids on their way out for the night , folks going to parties , pretty much the whole range , ” they said . “ You can drive as much or as little as you like . If the weather 's bad or you have a doctor 's appointment , you just do n't turn on the app . ”
Another attraction , compared to driving a taxi , is safety , since customers are screened and no cash is exchanged . So , too , is the opportunity for drivers to shape the job on their own terms .
Driving for Uber “ is like a game , ” said Stephen B. McPhail , 66 , a former charter bus driver who lives in Covington , Wash. , south of Seattle . “ I like to map out how I spend my time to make the most money . ”
An early riser , they get up at 4:30 a.m. to land several airport rides . Typically , they said , “ I work five hours to make between $ 100 and $ 150 a day , and I can be done as early as 10 a.m . ”
That leaves them plenty of time to be active in their church . “ Sometimes I go ‘ ubering ' after our Wednesday morning fellowship meeting , ” Mr. McPhail said . They are trying to persuade their wife , Kathryn , to become a driver when they retire from their insurance-related job .
A quarter century after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that racism in the application of the death penalty does n't matter , we 're finally beginning to have an honest discussion about how we justify legally killing people .
On Apr . 20 , a judge in North Carolina relied on a new state law to order that a death-row inmate 's sentence be reduced to life in prison , after finding that their trial had been so irreversibly tainted by racism that executing them would violate the Constitution .
I want to pause here to recognize the momentousness of this ruling : A judge in a Southern active death-penalty state just upheld the rule of law , even though it meant sparing the life of a convicted murderer .
To be clear , there was no question about the man 's guilt .
Twenty-one years ago , Marcus Robinson shot and killed 17-year-old Erik Tornblom . They stole Tornblom 's car and took $ 27 from their wallet . But Superior Court Judge Gregory Weeks concluded that despite Robinson 's horrendous crime , there was no doubt that racism infected the state 's criminal-justice system—specifically , that prosecutors intentionally kept blacks off of capital juries—and that this same racism presumptively infected Robinson 's trial too . They ruled that even abhorrent crimes do not nullify the Constitution 's guarantee of racial equality .
Weeks 's ruling—the first invocation of the new Racial Justice Act—was the first step in repairing the damage done by one of the Supreme Court 's most notorious holdings : McCleskey v. Kemp , decided 25 years ago this month .
In that case , lawyers for Warren McCleskey—who had been sentenced to death for killing Atlanta police officer Frank Schlatt—proved that black defendants are statistically more likely than whites to face the death penalty , and that murderers whose victims are white are more likely to face death than killers whose victims are black . In numerous contexts—for instance , allegations of employment discrimination , charges of bias in university admissions , and claims of police misconduct—parties can use general statistics to prevail , even in the absence of specific wrongdoing in their case . But in a 5-4 vote , the justices in McCleskey swatted it all away , carving out an exception for death-penalty cases .
Even overwhelming statistical evidence , they said , does not prove racism infected a particular trial . The court might as well have said that just because the KKK is a racist organization does n't prove that the murder of Emmett Till was racially motivated . The ruling was the legal equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears and saying , “ I ca n't hear you ! ”
There were a few honest reactions one might have to the fact that the death-penalty system in America is deeply racist . You could say that we should punish whites more harshly , rather than blacks less severely . Or you could say people who commit murder forfeit their right to invoke legal niceties . The McCleskey court chose neither of these routes ; instead it effectively said , So what ? Racism does n't matter .
This was all the more galling since , to those of us in the death-penalty- defense business , none of what the McCleskey case brought to light was news . Study after study has shown that race often plays a role in death-penalty trials , in multiple ways : prosecutors are more inclined to seek a death sentence where the defendant is black , or where the victim is white . And , as Judge Weeks found in North Carolina , prosecutors routinely remove people of color from juries , leaving black defendants to be judged by juries that are overwhelmingly white . ( In Texas , which carries out the overwhelming majority of executions in the country , the Dallas district attorney 's office was still using a manual in the 1980s instructing prosecutors to eliminate certain jurors based on their race . )
By holding that statistical evidence could n't establish the presence of racism , the McCleskey court effectively insulated racist practices , since prosecutors rarely send emails announcing their racist motivations ( although sometimes , astonishingly , they do ) .
North Carolina 's Racial Justice Act serves as a corrective to McCleskey by permitting death-row inmates to prevail even in the absence of a smoking gun . They can use statistical evidence to show the pervasive influence of race , and that demonstration carries with it a presumption that race infected their trial as well . In Robinson 's case , lawyers relied on a new study that examined 173 death-penalty trials in North Carolina ( PDF ) and concluded that prosecutors strike blacks jurors at twice the rate they strike whites .
( Remarkably , the only two states to have taken steps to overturn the deplorable decision in McCleskey , Kentucky and North Carolina , are members of the old Confederacy . )
An optimistic take is that this could be the start of a new conversation about race and the death penalty in America .
Ever since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976 , the practice 's supporters and opponents have engaged in what amounts to a three-decade therapy session , where all the scaffolding of rationalization has been stripped away , and what is left is human emotion .
You want to argue the death penalty deters crime ? The day before Weeks 's ruling in North Carolina , the prestigious National Research Council issued a report concluding that after countless academic studies , there remains no evidence one way or the other for the death penalty 's deterrent effect .
You want to argue the death penalty is a good way to spend our money ? In California 4 billion dollars has been spent on capital punishment … to execute 13 people . The cost of keeping those 13 in prison for the rest of their lives would have added up to around one half of one percent of that amount . ( This is assuming a cost of $ 50,000 per inmate , which is on the high side , for 50 years , which is also on the high side . )
There are still politicians who remain willing to break the bank to execute a few murderers , but it 's getting harder and harder to be fiscally irresponsible , and when California gives up on lethal injection because its costs are extravagant , the impact will be cataclysmic . The same California politicians who pushed for reinstatement of the death penalty 30 years ago have now changed sides .
Now that we have indisputable proof , once again , of embedded racism , capital punishment can no longer be dressed up in intellectual garb . Death- penalty supporters and opponents are therefore divided by a single fault line : the so-called retributive rationale , the simple belief that someone who kills should be killed .
So how will this debate turn out ? We do n't yet know , but it wo n't end anytime soon : At least 150 people are waiting to have their cases reviewed under the new law . But we do know that , thanks to one North Carolina court , we 'll at least begin talking more honestly .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- The next bubble in the recession is about to burst .
More than 650,000 Americans will have used up all of their unemployment benefits by September , in what experts say could be the start of a looming crisis .
In the early days of the downturn , the government extended unemployment benefits beyond the standard 26 weeks to as many as 79 weeks in hopes of giving the jobless a longer lifeline . Officials predicted the economy worsening and businesses further contracting , resulting in fewer jobs for the newly unemployed to find .
With the recession now 18 months deep and the national unemployment rate standing at 9.5 % , it appears that the effort was n't robust enough for those in the crisis ' first wave of layoffs .
`` We need to get the issue attention now , because people are running out of benefits and there 's just nothing for them , '' said Andrew Stettner , deputy director of the National Employment Law Project , an advocacy group that has calculated the number of people who will exhaust their unemployment benefits .
In fact , Stettner and the Labor Department are expecting the problem to accelerate . In the next few weeks , the victims of the mass layoffs that happened six months ago -- when the pace of layoffs was at its zenith -- will start running out of their basic benefits . A total of 4.4 million people are expected to face this fate -- or 65 % of the entire filing population .
And while they may have up to another year of unemployment insurance benefits -- thanks to the confusing patchwork of extensions that were enacted last summer -- they will be soon be unaccounted for in government unemployment reports .
The Labor Department does n't track anyone who has moved beyond 26 weeks of unemployment in its weekly data on continuing claims ( the number of people who request benefits after their first week ) . And , said Stella Cromartie , spokesperson for the Bureau of Labor Statistics , said the agency does not currently have plans to begin tracking this population .
As a result , by late summer the government may begin reporting significant declines in continuing filers . But it wo n't be cause for celebration . Instead of of indicating that the economy is on the rebound , it could mean that more people are falling off the radar .
`` We will see a decline in continuing filers , '' said the NELP 's Stettner . `` People are falling out of these numbers , and the pace of more recent layoffs replacing them is not as steep . ''
`` They 're not included in these unemployment numbers we hear about every week , '' said the NELP 's Stettner . `` They 're desperate , asking , 'What 's going to happen to me ? ' ''
That 's the question facing Jay Ridinger , 54 , of Baxter , Tenn . The self-proclaimed `` road warrior '' once worked for a contract management company , happily bouncing from city to complete federal projects .
Ridinger was accustomed to the stop-start schedule of a contractor , so they are n't worried when their last stint ended in August . But they soon realized this stretch of unemployment was different : `` I thought it was the status quo , and instead here I am , applying for food stamps . I just sat in the office and cried and cried . ''
When they were first laid off , Ridinger received the maximum $ 250 unemployment check per week -- at the time , Tennessee 's standard benefits lasted 13 weeks . Revisions of laws allowed them to get additional weeks of benefits .
`` Every time you run out of benefits , you think , 'What the heck am I gon na do ? ' '' Ridinger said . `` And then a month later , maybe a check will be in your mailbox -- maybe not . Even if you get one , it 's like , 'Ai n't that nice , after all that emotion ? ' ''
In most states , the unemployed receive a maximum 26 weeks of state-funded benefits . Two extension programs may also be available for an extra 53 weeks of benefits . ( Click here for further detail on unemployment benefits programs . )
The availability and duration of the programs depends on the state 's unemployment rates and whether it agreed to participate in part or all of the federal programs . ( View the map to see how many weeks of benefits your state offers . )
These extension programs are `` difficult to understand , unprecedented and tough to administer , '' noted Heidi Shierholz , an economist at the Economic Policy Institute , a nonprofit think tank . `` It surprised me how difficult it is to get data on this . I study labor markets all the time , and even I did n't know just how much of a behemoth it is . ''
But just because filers may not be counted in the weekly jobless claims data , it does not mean they do n't impact the national unemployment rate . The Labor Department does n't rely on unemployment-benefit claims to calculate the unemployment rate ; instead the agency conducts interviews through a population survey and simply asks people if they have looked for work in the past four weeks . If they have , they 're included in the rate .
So , if you have run through all of your benefits and say , `` yes , '' you would still impact the unemployment rate . If you are unemployed and looking for work but are n't claiming benefits , you would be included as well .
Still , the weekly jobless claims number is a good indicator of the health and direction of the economy . And Edward Stuart , an employment economics expert from Northeastern Illinois University , believes the NELP 's data may even be `` conservative . ''
`` The unemployment rate is going up , and the time spent unemployed is also going up , '' Stuart said . `` Jobs are disappearing , and we are n't replacing them . ''
In the meantime , Ridinger waits -- checking about 80 Web sites daily and has applied for jobs all over the country in a variety of fields . After almost a year , he 's had only one interview .
`` This experience has hit me with every possible emotion , '' they said . `` It 's humiliating , degrading . I 've changed my complete attitude toward the system . I just never expected to be a part of it . ''
Have you run through your unemployment benefits ? E-mail your story to realstories @ cnnmoney.com and you could be a part of an upcoming story .
The US military has launched cruise missile strikes to knock out three coastal radar sites in areas of Yemen controlled by Houthi rebel forces , in retaliation for missile attacks at its Navy ship .
Thursday 's strikes , authorised by President Barack Obama , represent Washington 's first direct military action against Houthi-controlled targets in Yemen 's conflict .
The Pentagon said the strikes were aimed at radars that enabled the launch of at least three missiles against the US Navy destroyer USS Mason since Sunday .
US officials , speaking on condition of anonymity , said US Navy destroyer USS Nitze launched the Tomahawk cruise missiles around 4am local time ( 01:00 GMT ) , according to Reuters news agency .
`` These radars were active during previous attacks and attempted attacks on ships in the Red Sea , '' including the USS Mason , one of the officials said , adding the sites were in remote areas where the risk of civilian casualties was low .
The US official identified the areas in Yemen where the radars were targeted as near Ras Isa , north of Mukha and near Khoka .
Just hours after news broke of the strikes , Iran announced that it had deployed two warships to the Bab el-Mandeb strait and the Gulf of Aden .
The semi-official Tasnim news agency said on Thursday that the destroyers had been dispatched on October 5 and were part of a regular anti-piracy patrol off Yemen and East Africa .
Rebels ' denial
The missile attacks on the USS Mason - the latest of which took place earlier on Wednesday - appeared to be the Houthis ' response to a suspected Arab coalition strike on mourners gathered in Yemen 's Houthi-held capital Sanaa .
But Houthi rebel fighters and allies on Thursday denied the accusations that they had targeted the USS Mason , according to AFP news agency .
`` Those claims are baseless , '' the Saba news agency quoted a military official allied with the rebels as saying . `` The [ rebel-allied ] army and the Popular Committees [ armed group ] have nothing to do with this action . ''
The missile incidents , along with an October 1 strike on a vessel from the United Arab Emirates , add to questions about the safety of passage for military ships around the Bab al-Mandeb Strait , one of the world 's busiest shipping routes .
The Pentagon warned against any future attacks .
`` The United States will respond to any further threat to our ships and commercial traffic , as appropriate , '' Cook said .
The conflict between Yemen 's government and Houthi rebels escalated last year with the intervention of an Arab coalition in support of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi .
The UN says more than 6,700 people have been killed and more than three million displaced by fighting in Yemen since March 2015 , when the coalition launched its campaign .
METAIRIE , La . -- Although Adrian Peterson was the topic of the day at New Orleans Saints camp , it was another 32-year-old newcomer who stole the show during Thursday 's practice .
Receiver Ted Ginn Jr. flashed their trademark speed on two deep catches from Drew Brees behind the defense ( one in full-team drills and one in 7-on-7 drills ) . They also made an impressive sideline catch during team drills and another one in traffic over the middle .
Ginn did have one notable drop in team drills ( something else they have been known for over the years ) . But it was an impressive day overall -- and a reminder of just how fast the former track star still is in their 11th NFL season .
“ I could not be more impressed with Teddy , ” Brees said of the former first-round draft pick , who is on their fifth NFL team after having the best two-year stretch of their career with the Carolina Panthers .
“ I think he 's great for that room , just as being a veteran guy who 's been around a long time , played a lot of football , ” Brees said . “ I think he 's played some of their best football here over the last few years too , as he 's become more veteran . And I think they just brings a great element to that room -- wisdom and leadership . And he 's still extremely productive .
“ He certainly does n't look like he 's lost a step . They can fly . ”
T-Mobile US is looking to acquire further spectrum in the 700MHz A block band , Fierce Wireless reports , citing a pair of Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) filings . According to the documents , T-Mobile is seeking to gain control of spectrum from McBride Spectrum Partners in the western Pennsylvania counties of Allegheny , Armstrong , Beaver , Butler , Fayette , Greene , Indiana , Lawrence , Washington and Westmorland . In addition , T-Mobile wants to buy up 700MHz frequencies from David Miller , an individual spectrum holder , in several counties in New Mexico and Texas .
According to TeleGeography 's GlobalComms Database , T-Mobile first threw its weight behind the 700MHz A block in January this year , when it agreed to buy a substantial package of spectrum from Verizon Wireless for USD2.37 billion . Meanwhile , August saw the carrier acquire additional 700MHz spectrum from I-700 A Block ( covering Indiana and Kentucky ) and CenturyLink affiliate Actel ( Alabama , Arkansas , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana , Michigan , Missouri , Montana and New Mexico ) . In addition , earlier this month T-Mobile lined up deals with Frontier Communications ( Rochester , New York ) and another individual spectrum holder , Thomas Kurian ( Grand Forks and Fargo-Moorhead in North Dakota and Minnesota ) .
The Red Sox fired manager John Farrell Wednesday morning and now it 's up to club president Dave Dombrowski to hire the next clubhouse leader . Who might it be ? Let 's take a look with some informed speculation as to a list of candidates .
Those with past/current managing experience
Brad Ausmus - There 's a tie here with Dombrowski , as they hired Ausmus to manage the Tigers . Ausmus did n't get good results out of the Tigers in their time there , but their name still circulates in rumors for open jobs .
Ron Gardenhire - Currently the bench coach of the Diamondbacks , Gardenhire has lots of success on their managerial resume , including six AL Central championships with the Twins in 13 years . Their name was immediately bandied about Wednesday morning among national reporters on Twitter when the Red Sox job came open . Consider them among the favorites .
Torey Lovullo - Lovullo was the Red Sox 's bench coach from 2013-2016 and managed the team when Farrell was undergoing chemotherapy in 2015 . They just won 93 games in the regular season and the NL Wild Card game with the Diamondbacks as manager . It feels unlikely Lovullo would leave , but you never know . Remember , the Red Sox traded a player ( Mike Aviles ) in order to hire Farrell away from the Blue Jays .
Brad Mills - They last managed in 2012 . It was a three-year tenure with the Astros . Mills was previously Terry Francona 's bench coach with the Red Sox from 2004-09 and rejoined with Francona in Cleveland for the 2013 season . In 2014 , Mills was named the bench coach , where he 's since been Francona 's right-hand man . Maybe it 's time for another chance at the top .
Those with experience only as coaches or MiLB manager
Sandy Alomar - The six-time All-Star catcher was well known for how they worked with a pitching staff as a player . Now the Indians ' first-base coach . Alomar has been coaching since 2008 and has been reported a `` finalist '' for numerous managerial openings over the years . He 's just not gotten the top job yet .
Alex Cora - The long-time utility infielder , Cora spent parts of four seasons with the Red Sox , including the 2007 World Series champion Red Sox . He 's currently the Astros ' bench coach .
Gary DiSarcina - It seems unsexy to simply elevate the bench coach , but it 's an option here with Red Sox bench coach DiSarcina . They managed the 2013 Red Sox Triple-A affiliate to a first-place finish .
DeMarlo Hale - Currently the Blue Jays bench coach -- where he 's been since 2013 -- Hale previously served as the Red Sox bench coach with Terry Francona in Boston ( once Francona lost Mills to the Astros ) . Like Alomar , he 's long been rumored to be a `` finalist '' for open jobs without having scored one .
Gabe Kapler - The former outfielder spent fours years in Boston as a player and was part of the 2004 World Series championship team . He 's long been known as a forward-thinker , a bit of a new-school guy , and is currently working in the Dodgers front office . They managed in Class A all the way back in 2007 .
Dave Martinez - The former outfielder became the Rays bench coach for the 2008 season and has been second-in-command to Joe Maddon ever since , following them to Chicago before the 2015 season . Now that Martinez got their ring with the Cubs , perhaps he 's ready to take the leap to the top spot .
Joe McEwing - The former super-utility man has had success as a minor-league manager and has been coaching with the White Sox since 2012 . He 's currently their bench coach .
Those with no experience
David Ross - He 's a former catcher who is very well-liked and spent time in Boston as a player . I 'm not seeing it , but hey , their name might get tossed around .
Jason Varitek - The long-time Red Sox backstop was a team leader for years in Fenway . He 's been a special assistant to the the general manager since 2012 , working with both Ben Cherington and now the current front office . They have no managerial experience whatsoever , but I can see many in the New England area pining for them in the dugout .
May 11 , 2014 ; Washington , DC , USA ; Indiana Pacers forward Paul George ( 24 ) shoots a jump shot over Washington Wizards guard Bradley Beal ( 3 ) during the fourth quarter of game four of the second round of the 2014 NBA Playoffs at Verizon Center . Indiana Pacers defeated Washington Wizards 95-92 . Mandatory Credit : Tommy Gilligan-USA TODAY Sports
The Indiana Pacers were able to take a commanding 3-1 series lead over the Washington Wizards on Sunday night , and Paul George had a huge game . George scored 39 points on 12-of-20 shooting , including 7-of-10 from behind the 3-point arc and 8-of-10 at the free-throw line . They also chipped in 12 rebounds and two steals in the winning effort , and played excellent defense all night long .
George has been one of the most loved and hated players that has been given a “ superstar ” title this season . There would be stretches where they would struggle with their shot and look like a very average player , but there were also moments that they carried their team on their back and dominated the opposition .
Sunday night was a statement game from George , and it was sent directly to their critics . There have been plenty of people over the last couple weeks saying that true superstars come through when their team needs them , and that George was failing to prove that they were worthy of having the title . They showed every offensive aspect of their game last night , and their defense and rebounding were exceptional as well .
Indiana has been slowly but surely regaining their identity , and has won five out of their last six games . Part of that has to do with the leadership and play of George , who has been nearly a double-double machine throughout the playoffs . They have averaged 23.9 points , 10.7 rebounds , 4.6 assists , and 2.4 steals per game during the postseason , and has had two games where they scored 30 points or more .
There is no denying the potential that George has , and that they deserve their “ superstar ” title . They have proven that they are the best player on a championship caliber team , and that they are able to carry them on their shoulders to big wins like last night . The inconsistency issue is certainly something that needs work , but they are a superstar for their team more often than not .
Overall , the Pacers are extremely excited to try and finish off the series on their home floor on Tuesday night . If they do want to take care of business and end the series early , they will need another heavy dosage of scoring from George . They have yet another chance to prove their “ superstar ” title , and silence their critics yet again .
Evan Massey is a Staff Writer for HoopsHabit.com . Follow Evan on Twitter at @ Massey_Evan .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. -- Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton will remain in Charlotte for most of the next month rehabbing their left ankle while many of their teammates take a final vacation before training camp .
Panthers first-round pick Kelvin Benjamin is trying to soak in as much knowledge as they can and take advantage of their offseason proximity to QB Cam Newton . AP Photo/Bob Leverone
First-round draft pick Kelvin Benjamin will remain in town as well , studying the playbook and doing whatever they can to close the gap of knowledge on the veteran wide receivers .
Since they 'll be in the same place , expect them to spend a lot of time together on and off the field developing the chemistry the Panthers hope will turn them into a potent combination .
You may even see them working together more Thursday , the last of the three-day minicamp and offseason workouts . Newton has increased what he 's done in each of the first two days but has n't participated in full team drills .
Do n't be surprised to see them take a few snaps in team drills to give their offense and coaches a taste of what is to come when everybody reconvenes for camp in Spartanburg , S.C. , on July 26 .
Even if they do n't , the time spent with Benjamin over the next month will be invaluable as rehabilitation from March surgery to tighten ligaments in the ankle will be completed .
`` It 's a huge plus , '' coach Ron Rivera said of their franchise quarterback and star receiver spending time together . `` It 's an opportunity to develop the rapport you need to have success . ''
Benjamin and Newton already have spent a lot of time together . Newton took the former Florida State star to their home in Atlanta during Memorial Day weekend to hang out on the lake , eat and play video games .
There even was good-humored ribbing about Benjamin 's Seminoles beating Newton 's Auburn Tigers in the BCS Championship this past season .
Benjamin chose to bond with Newton not only to learn all they can from the quarterback that will be throwing them passes , but to `` stay out of trouble , do the right things . ''
He 's staying in Charlotte the next month to do the same thing .
`` I 'm a rookie , so I 've got to catch up with the older guys , '' Benjamin said .
Rivera is n't complaining .
`` The more you get to know your teammates , the more you learn to believe in them and trust them , '' they said . `` And that 's important . ''
It 's important for the entire team , but particularly the franchise quarterback and their top receiver , who at 6-5 and 240 pounds is expected to provide a big target -- particularly in the red zone . How well they connect could play a big role in how well the offense does this season with a complete new group of receivers .
Benjamin has shown their potential even without Newton throwing to them during offseason workouts . They went up high for one in the back of the end zone Wednesday that made Rivera 's heart flutter , first because it was a great catch and second because Benjamin came down against the padding on the goal posts with two defenders .
Fortunately , everyone got up unscathed . And according to Benjamin , they got their feet down inbounds .
`` For what they can do for us , believe me , I get so jacked up about that , '' Rivera said . `` I 'm fired up about it . The biggest thing is we 've got to learn to throw that throw to him . ... Sometimes it 's too low and sometimes it 's too high .
`` We 've got to have that kind of relationship when we get to the corner of the end zone or we get to the goal post we know where we 're throwing it . We 're not throwing it over the goal post , we 're not throwing it under the goal posts We 're throwing it right at the cross [ bar ] . ''
Newton and Benjamin apparently will have a lot of time to work on that over the next month .
I can honestly admit that over the years I have somehow collected more backpacks and bags than I need . But when it comes to carrying a DJI Phantom 2 I suddenly realized that none of them are of any use .
Yep this is probably something that you will all have to deal with once you have bought your first drone . I have found that the best DJI Phantom backpack is unarguably the ThinkTank Airport Helipak ( $ 239 ) . ( Also compatible with the new DJI Phantom 3 ! )
ThinkTank Airport Helipak
First of all , if you are planning to travel around with your newly bought drone you will need a bag or a case . A backpack is the simplest solution for a Phantom series sized drone .
Dimensions
Exterior Dimensions : 14 ” W x 20.5 ” H x 9 ” D ( 35.6 x 52.1 x 22.9 cm )
Interior Dimensions : 13 ” W x 18.8 ” H x 7.6 ” D ( 33 × 47.8 × 19.3cm )
Laptop : 11.8 ” W x 17.3 ” H x 1.4 ” D ( 30 × 44 × 3.5cm )
Weight ( with all accessories ) : 4.6 lbs ( 2.1 kg )
Design
The design of the Airport Helipak is simple but effective . The exterior case comes in one colour – black . First thing you 'll notice is the sturdy built , how it keeps its shape , lightness and the high quality material used . The exterior fabric has water-resistant coating and overall a thick feel .
Like all backpacks it has adjustable shoulder straps and also removable waist belt . In addition the backpack also has handles on the sides of the bag for when you do n't wish to carry it around in hand .
But the real reason to buy this bag is the inside . Unlike most of its competitors , ThinkTank has n't used pre-cut foam . Instead they have cleverly designed the inside with removable dividers that allow you to design the inside according to your need . This means that the ThinkTank Airport Helipak can also be used as a DJI Phantom 3 backpack !
ThinkTank Airport Helipak can easily fit any of your DJI Phantom , charger , controller , GoPro camera , 15″ laptop , spare propellers , extra batteries , 7″ LCD screen and more . They have actually separated the drone stuff and laptop area ( padded ) .
Only thing that you have to consider is that you 'll need to remove the propellers to fit your drone in . The inside has plenty of pouches for them as well . What ThinkTank has also done is added little red PVC covers for the tip of your motors . They have really thought about everything !
Also another thing I love about the inside is that you can remove all of the dividers and use it as a plain backpack .
PS ! You can technically also use the ThinkTank Airport Helipak with other drones . Just make sure the inner dimensions fit and you should be able to change the inside accordingly .
Carrying
Carrying the Airport Helipak on your back is amazing . Unlike your normal backpack , it wont drag you behind but instead sits straight , almost glued to your back . ThinkTank claims it to offer lumbar support and I can verify that .
Thanks to the clever sizing of the backpack , it can also be taken onto the plane with you . It fits into your standard commercial airplanes overhead compartment without any problems ( Do check with your air carrier first just in case ) .
Also I especially love the handles . They make it so much easier to carry it around the airport and on the plane .
Conclusion
ThinkTank is a very well known company in the camera bags industry and their first drone backback is just as good .
If you have any of the DJI Phantom drones and you travel around then this is a bag you have to get . The $ 239 price tag is not that bad and should be treated more as an investment . Not to mention that unlike the other drone cases , Airport Helipak can also be used as a normal bag for traveling .
DCTV fan-favorite John Constantine is headed to Legends of Tomorrow .
ComicBook.com has learned that Matt Ryan will reprise their role as Constantine in an episode of the hit The CW series . As of now , it is currently unknown exactly where their appearance will fall in Legends ' third season , or what will bring them with the show 's ragtag group of heroes .
Ryan 's portrayal of Constantine first won fans over on NBC 's Constantine series , which ran for thirteen episodes in 2014 and 2015 . When the series was officially cancelled , fans clamored for Ryan to continue to play the role , particularly in The CW 's Arrowverse of shows . They got their wish in 2015 , when Constantine helped resurrect the soul of current Legends cast member Sara Lance/White Canary ( Caity Lotz ) on an episode of Arrow . And while Constantine has not appeared in the Arrowverse in the years since , Ryan has continued to reprise their role , including in this year 's Justice League Dark animated movie .
The topic of Constantine appearing on Legends has been floating around for quite some time . The fan-favorite has been rumored to appear on the series since 2015 , with showrunner Phil Klemmer saying it would be `` a crime '' for Constantine not to appear .
Constantine 's arrival has since been supported by Klemmer , when they told Rotten Tomatoes that fans could expect to see `` John Constantine doing an exorcism '' in the third season of Legends .
This wo n't be the only time that audiences will be able to see Constantine on their television screens , with an animated series focused on the character currently in the works from CW Seed . The release date of the Constantine animated series is still unknown , but fans recently got a look at the poster for the series .
Legends of Tomorrow returns on October 10th .
After months of development and testing , the Omni development team is proud to announce the first official release of Omni Wallet Desktop for Windows , based off of Omni Core build 0.0.9.1 ( which is in turn based off of Bitcoin Core 0.9.3 ) .
https : //github.com/mastercoin-MSC/mastercore/releases
As a first release , this is for more technical users ( you need to edit a conf file ) who wish to manage their Omni assets locally and provide feedback to the developers . Please report bugs using the issue tracker at GitHub : https : //github.com/mastercoin-MSC/mastercore/issues
The software also contains several utility panes , allowing the user to look up the assets on an address , or get detailed information about an asset on the Omni Layer .
This release comes after substantial progress on new protocol features , such as Send-to-Owners ( proportional distribution ) and the new Decentralized Exchange ( so that users can exchange their Omni assets against one another without an intermediary ) . Send-to-Owners was released as part of 0.0.9 , and DEx Phase II will be released as part of Omni Core 0.0.10 .
The Mac OS X build of Omni Wallet Desktop will be available soon .
More and more projects are deploying their projects and assets on the Bitcoin Omni Layer , and this release of Omni Wallet Desktop for Windows opens the platform to users who wish to transact locally with their MSC , MaidSafeCoin , API Networks coin , CryptoNext Coin , La'Zooz , Synereo , HOPE Gold Coin , Tethers , and more .
Keep watching this space , as more and more integrations , assets and innovations are coming , and they are coming at an increasingly rapid pace . I would like to thank the Omni development team for their outstanding progress and efforts – it is a pleasure working with such a talented and driven group of innovators .
Craig Sellars
Technologist , Omni
ATLANTA — The artist and documentary filmmaker Ruth Dusseault calls the stuff that has found its way onto the walls of Manuel 's Tavern , a beloved Eisenhower-era dive bar here , an “ organic archive ” and a “ 60-year installation piece . ”
Those may be the loftiest descriptions ever applied to an overwhelming accretion of dusty beer cans , moldering sports pennants , law enforcement uniform patches , snapshots of well-known politicians and anonymous tipplers , risqué oil paintings traded as payment for ancient tabs , and the unmarked vessel , mounted above a shelf of drying pint glasses , that contains the ashes of Manuel Maloof , the original owner of the bar , who was once a towering figure in local Democratic Party politics .
Ms. Dusseault , a lecturer in the communications department at Georgia State University , is convinced that these items tell a rich and complex story of Atlanta . In an ambitious and slightly weird act of scholarship , they and a group of local academics have begun digitally documenting all of the curios and ephemera for an online research project they have titled “ Unpacking Manuel 's Tavern . ”
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - China failed to overturn a U.S. law targeting unfair trade subsidies on Monday , when the World Trade Organization 's Appellate Body said it did not have enough information to uphold China 's appeal against an earlier WTO ruling .
The World Trade Organization WTO logo is seen at the entrance of the WTO headquarters in Geneva April 9 , 2013 . REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
China had claimed that the U.S. “ Public Law 112-99 , ” also known as the GTX legislation , which was signed by President Barack Obama in March 2012 , broke world trade rules , but a WTO dispute panel ruled against it in March .
The Appellate Body disagreed with several of the panel 's interpretations of the law but said it did not have enough information to rule one way or the other , effectively leaving the March ruling intact .
However , the Appellate Body also left intact another part of the panel 's ruling , which said that the United States had wrongly “ double counted ” when punishing Chinese goods for being both subsidized and unfairly priced - allowing both parties to claim victory .
In a statement , China 's Ministry of Commerce said the dispute was “ another significant victory of China 's challenge against the United States ' abuse of trade remedy measures ” .
But the United States said the ruling showed it acted within its rights when introducing the legislation .
“ Today 's decision allows U.S. industries to continue to rely on U.S. trade laws to address unfair competition from their subsidized Chinese competitors , ” Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker said .
The U.S. tariffs affected photovoltaic cells and modules used in solar power , various steel products , off-road tires , aluminum goods and towers for wind farms .
China said the annual value of trade affected was $ 7.2 billion .
It launched the complaint in September 2012 , in an apparent tit-for-tat move that came hours after the United States lodged a complaint against China 's support for car exports .
Sort by : Languages English French Spanish Italian German Swedish Portuguese Dutch Norwegian Regions North America/UK/Australia Western Europe Central/Eastern Europe Central/South America Asia Africa Features HD ( the best quality ) High Quality Audio Phone Party Chat Gold Show Submit
WildOnCam High Definition Video
Audio 20 mf US Cuties Lindsey Cruz & Veronica Valentine Fucking LIVE Feb 26 5pm
NatallieLynn Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 f SI I will turn you upside down , take you to another level of desire
LeiaXO Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 25 f US Do you like big boobs ? I have big boobs . Come see for yourself .
JulieJett High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f US ~~Sun , Fun & CUMs ! xo I LOVE J.O.i . & Talking Dirty~~
Melanie_Taylor High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 21 f US Curvy & juicy girl who wants to please BOTH of us ( ;
OliviaYoung High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f US ~Hey there everyone ! I 'm Olivia ! Lets have some fun ! ~
KamiliaMae Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 29 f US Blonde slut with a tight pussy and fat ass here to please .
Livvie_Loc… Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 28 f US Naughty girl next door ready to play and have some fun
SummerJaymes High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f US Let me be your dream girl in every , and any , way possible ...
AmberHearts Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f US Kinky Platinum Blondie With A Juicy Booty ! Cum & Play With Me ; )
SofieMarie High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 39 f US XXX Milf Star Sofie Marie aka WickedYummy aka YummySofie
Elecktra23 Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 29 f RO To be treated like a lady is what I need to satisfy you ; )
RavenRoseXXX High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 28 f US Your personal sex star , waiting for you to cum and taste me .
SEXYVENERAx High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 25 f DE I will be your EVERYTHING , lay back relax and enjoy watching me !
keira_xxx High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 23 f CO I am a combination of class , tenderness and fire.Let me show you
Karolynn High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 41 f CA Come meet the Sexiest Fitness Model live from their home !
Adikka_ High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 19 f CO I am a hot latin girl , and I want to please your deepest desires
Sophie_Kennedy High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 24 f CO Beauty without intelligence is a masterpiece painted on a napkin
ScarlettLouis… High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 23 f GB Wan na have some fun with a hot Babestation model ? I 'm your girl !
AutumnsAsianD… High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 25 f US Asian Adult Model/Amateur Pornstar - SAY HI & TAKE A LOAD OFF !
BLONDE_MIA… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 f US Seductive blonde from Miami . All the kinky ideas are welcomed !
Nikki_Ferrari High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f US favorite girl for over 64 , 092 members .. the numbers never lie !
Nelle High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 f LV I 'm funny and sweet with a NICE butt , and I 'm waiting for you
AnnaKissKsyuk High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 18 f RU I am soft and nice girl , I 'll let you do whatever you wish ) )
Evieexo High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f CA Im a good little girl , Please give me daddies cock ! < 3
hotbbw75 Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 41 f US 5 Star BBW here and I am gon na make you CUM HARD ! ( FULL HD )
ZaraSutra Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 27 f US All natural Indian with a big bush . Dominant and sensual .
PearlTaylor High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f RO I am a woman that possesses tenderness , class and virtue .
IvyRachel High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f RO I am a woman that keeps my passion on a tight rein
JenniferMarie… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 22 f US Natural Blonde with Natural Boobs , TeaseUm Model- come say hi ; )
GracefulDoll High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f US * Naughty and Sexy * Charming and Friendly * Smart and Funny *
Anita_Dark High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 35 f US Hello ... Famous Ex Porn Star Anita Dark 's amazing sexy Show !
Irena_Flores High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 28 f LV Hi ! I 'm such hot and such tasty ... yummy .. shall you eat me ?
SimoneSimmons High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 24 f ES naughty latin girl , waiting for meet a hot guy , be my hot guy
Ivy_Woods High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 22 f US Purple-Haired Dream Girl with the ASS OF AN ANGEL !
MistressJol… Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 26 f US PEGGING - BBC - STRAP ON - JOI - CEI - SPH - CUCK - TABOO - CUM
Angel_Sofie High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f GB I am a sexy young model who likes to have fun and make you c * m
JuliaWestmore High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 20 f ES I am a lovely , tender , and sexy girl with perfect ass . Lets play
GoddessAliceS… High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 22 f EE Hello ! Im Alice go in my room and you will see hot show ! ) ) KISS
Katty_Flirt_… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f RU Lovely , sweet , adorable Katty wait you for great time together !
SaraBearXOXO High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f CA Why do blondes wear underwear ? To keep their ankles warm !
LovelyBecca Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 f BG I like to give people pleasure ! You will be in good hands : o )
DAISYY_ High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 30 f US I am eager to please you and make you feel really good ...
XMelindaSwee… High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 22 f LV I like to dance , read book ` s , sport , sex : D a lot of fun ... : )
ItsOlivia Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 28 f US Super Curvy and a little shy milfy girl next door : )
LaceyTanner High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f ES Dont feel fear of burning , I assure u will love it after meet me
LeahKraviz Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 19 f ES I 'm sure you want a lil taste of me . find my dirties secrets .
Delilah112 Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 48 f US This is my very first time camming ever ! Cum take my cam cherry !
Be_Bop_A_Lu… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f GB A succulent young woman with a taste for the bizarre . British .
Sexy_Sharon High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 20 f CO I 'm a sexy girl waiting fun , open mind for u , come to me my love
Snow_Cat_ High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 21 f RU Hello ... Lovely kitty for u here ! Murr murr ill make u mine !
HottiestEVER High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 18 f BY CRAZY things in excl ! BEST cam show the HottiestEVER !
UrNaughtyMoni… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f RU Hello , bb ^__^ I am young Naughty lady ! play with me ) MEOW ..
BelleMarce High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 f CO Horny petite wants to fulfill your dreams , Cum inside big boy
EmiliaClar… Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 22 f CO Im Sophisticated , classy , Muscular , horny , Naughty girl .
Amber_Champa… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f US College girl studying the art of tease and seduction GOLD VIBE
EllaSun High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 30 f RO First impressions are most lasting , let 's discover each other !
Morena18xx High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f RO I am Morena , a gorgeous angel and i can be all your
TatianaGil High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f ES I like to be told nice things , treat me with respect ...
CourtneyLynn Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 33 f US Naughtylilgirl here 2 fulfill your fantasies C2C & Taboo Roleplays
Annabelle_sexy High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 25 f CO Beautiful latina is ready to make your fantasies come true !
Edna_Ross High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f ES Hellooo ... Temptations like you deserve sins like me . . . . .
ChloeConor High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f LV IM sweet with a NICE butt , and im waiting for us guys muahh : )
xXPrettyHanna… High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 21 f US Playing , fantasizing , getting really intimate and really hot !
AngelSquirt21 High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f ES I am a girl anxious to fuck hard and give you a good squirt .
LaurenaVix High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 24 f US I may not go down in history , But I will go down on You !
StassiLyn High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 30 f MD Attract me with your mind and my body will follow you .
GoldStart High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 21 f GB Sweet and sexy dancing , playing , fantasizing , getting ) )
PassionateVic… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 35 f RU Sexy mature woman , I will perform your dreams , my boy
EvaVenusE High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 21 f LV Hi thereXO Tell me waht would you like to see in my room ; )
MorganReignsX… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 33 f US Morgan Reigns Real Porn videos on profile FOR SALE .
DianeSpace High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f LV Hello guys : ) Welcome to my room and let 's be friends : )
Lexy_marie High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f US Hello .. ! Young , new model looking to please and play . : D
BustyBlueDream High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 34 f US Curvy BBW , big ass & G cup tits . Come have a sexy fun time !
Badd_Birdie High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 21 f CA Come get nasty with me pervert , you know you want to .
SandraBlake High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 41 f RO Hello ! Classy lady here ! With sense of humor and a flexible body !
CheryShery High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 22 f LV I am a fiery beauty ! I warm you in cold evenings ) ) )
EmmaAtkins High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 34 f MD Hi , guys ! I 'm a nice girl who likes to make new friends !
RubyGray High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 35 f US Wet and ready to play . Like what you see ? Gold to see more .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Former California Senator Ron Calderon pleaded guilty in a federal court on Tuesday to a single count of mail fraud , ending a public corruption case in which they admitted to accepting tens of thousands of dollars in bribes , prosecutors said .
California Senator Ron Calderon watches Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger ( not pictured ) as they sign into law a bill that would move the date of the California presidential primary from June to February during a ceremony at the governor 's mansion in Sacramento , California , in this March 15 , 2007 file photo . REUTERS/William Foster/Office of Governor Schwarzenegger/Handout via Reuters/Files
Calderon , a Democrat from the Los Angeles suburb of Montebello , left office in 2014 after serving a dozen years in the state Senate and four years in the Assembly .
Sentencing is set for Sept. 19 . The 58-year-old former politician reached a plea agreement with federal prosecutors last week , several weeks before they were scheduled to go on trial on charges contained in a 24-count indictment .
Their mail fraud offense carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison , but prosecutors agreed under the terms of Calderon 's plea deal to seek a sentence of no more than 70 months , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said in a statement .
Once an influential figure in the California Legislature , Calderon was one of three Democrats in the state Senate suspended over ethics charges in 2014 , costing their party a cherished two-thirds Senate majority during an election year .
According to their indictment , Calderon accepted $ 100,000 in bribes from the owner of a Long Beach hospital to preserve a loophole in the law that allowed companies controlled by the owner to charge more for hardware used in spinal surgeries .
Calderon also was accused of taking bribes from undercover FBI agents posing as Hollywood movie executives in exchange for steering legislation in their favor .
Their older brother , Tom Calderon , 62 , a former member of the California state Assembly who became a political consultant , also was named in the indictment .
They pleaded guilty last Monday to a federal money-laundering charge for allowing bribes earmarked for their brother to be funneled through their firm , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office .
Prosecutors have agreed to recommend a sentence of no more than a year in prison for the elder Calderon brother .
A Utah Highway Patrol trooper pulled off to the side of northbound I-15 near South Salt Lake minutes before 5:30 a.m. Thursday morning , looking over their shoulder for a stolen vehicle . Moments later , the long yellow school bus cruised by amidst light commuter traffic.So began a wild chase that included numerous brake-checks , a collision with a Taylorsville Police K9 unit vehicle and a dangerous bid to escape through a red light.The chase led from northbound I-15 into Salt Lake City . Several times , the bus driver attempted to trick the pursuing trooper by veering toward off-ramps , only to swerve back into the freeway lanes at the last minute . The bus did end up leaving I-15 though , taking the ramp to go westbound on I-80 . It then exited northbound on Redwood Road.The trooper was still close behind , but ultimately called off the chase after the bus , which had been stolen from the Canyons School District motor pool , ran the red light at North Temple . The entire incident left seasoned troopers dumbfounded . `` I ca n't even imagine why anyone would steal a school bus , '' said UHP Sgt . Larry Mower.The stolen bus turned up a bit further north , crashed into a tree , at roughly 500 North Redwood Road . The driver had apparently fled on foot . `` We will pursue any avenue that we can to identify this suspect and bring them into custody , '' said Mower.There were no children and other other passengers on the bus at the time of the chase .
Burbank Matt Fairchild , 46 , is in near constant pain . Advanced melanoma has spread to their brain and bones . They take 26 medications a day and rarely leaves their house except to go to doctors ' appointments .
Fairchild , a retired army sergeant , refuses to say they are fighting a battle against cancer , because they know it 's one they will lose . He 's not sure how long they have to live , but they know this : they do n't want to spend their last days in agony .
In October , California became the fifth state to allow terminally ill patients to end their lives with prescriptions from their doctors after months of contentious debate . Religious groups and disability rights activists fought against the law and tried unsuccessfully to get a referendum on the ballot to overturn it .
Fairchild said they feel calmer knowing the law will become effective in just a few months . When it 's time , they said , having a prescription will enable them to say goodbye to family and die in their sleep instead of suffering through intense pain , nausea or seizures .
`` It gives me so much peace of mind because there is a date , '' Fairchild said . That means once they stop treatment , or run out of options , `` I do n't have to worry about hurting . ''
As the implementation date nears , medical groups , supporters , legislators and others are working to raise awareness of the new right-to-die law and ensure all terminally ill patients will have access to it . They are holding webinars , panels and town hall meetings , distributing information and setting up telephone lines . And they are encouraging patients like Fairchild to discuss with their doctors whether a lethal prescription might at some point be right for them .
Fairchild wants to have the right to die if the pain from their melanoma becomes unbearable .
Sen. Bill Monning ( D-Carmel ) , one of the authors of the law , said they were pleased that it now has an effective date and patients will have the option to avoid `` insurmountable pain and suffering . '' The forms are already in place and Monning said they expect patients to begin coming forward .
`` There are families who have been calling us wanting to know if it will be available to a loved one , '' Monning said . But they acknowledged that some may not make it until June . One of the law 's most ardent supporters , former Los Angeles Police Department sergeant Christy O'Donnell , died last month of lung cancer .
`` There are going to be people in these 90 days who unfortunately wo n't be beneficiaries of the act , '' Monning said .
Compassion & Choices , a medical aid-in-dying advocacy group that pushed for the law , recently launched a bilingual campaign , a speaker 's bureau and a free hotline for people who want more information . The group also has a confidential consultation program for doctors .
The organization is sending out volunteers to saturate the state and get the word out , said Kat West , its national director of policy and programs . But there is a lot of work ahead , '' they said . `` It is one thing to pass a law , '' they said . `` It is a whole other thing to have access to that law . ''
Under the law , patients can get fatal prescriptions only if they are mentally competent and have six months or less to live . To get the prescription , a patient must submit two oral requests -- 15 days apart -- to the attending physician , and one written request .
Wolf Breiman , who has two types of cancer — tongue and blood — said they are not yet considered terminal but plans to get a prescription when eligible . Breiman said they think they wo n't use it unless their suffering becomes so bad it overcomes their will to live .
`` I am 88 years old and I have got two cancers , '' they said recently from their home in Ventura . `` You can imagine why I am very interested in having this law become accessible . ''
Breiman said they feel less anxious knowing that June is n't far off . The retired landscape architect is in the middle of eight weeks of radiation for the mouth cancer , which leaves them exhausted and makes it difficult to swallow . `` I 'm hoping I will be okay until this becomes available , '' they said . `` I might be able to spare myself a great deal of suffering . ''
California follows Oregon , Washington , Vermont and Montana in approving lethal prescriptions . Despite the experience of other states , it still is unclear how the law will play out in California , said Ben Rich , an emeritus professor of internal medicine and bioethics at the UC Davis School of Medicine . They said they expect some health institutions to be supportive and others to be unsupportive , leading to inconsistency around the state .
Either way , Rich said they do n't think the law will result in a large number of physicians prescribing the medication . `` But it does mean that many , many more physicians are going to have to figure out how to talk to patients when the patients raise the question , '' they said .
`` Physicians are going to have to either bring themselves up to speed on end-of-life options ... or they need to know where to refer patients . ''
Medical groups have already started educating their members about the law and other end-of-life options . The California Medical Association issued a document earlier this year that explains to doctors and patients how the law works . It answers questions such as , `` Does The Act Specify What Aid-In-Dying Drug Can Be Prescribed ? '' ( no ) and `` Can An Interpreter Be Used ? '' ( yes ) .
Fairchild takes 26 medications each day .
Ted Mazer , an officer of the association , said doctors across the state are grappling with their feelings about the law and whether they will be comfortable prescribing medication . Personally , Mazer said they would n't refuse to participate but believes that if the terminal illness is cancer , it might be more appropriate for an oncologist to do so .
`` This is soul searching , '' they said . `` Doctors will have to decide , now that this is here , what do they do when a patient is terminal and there is nothing more for them ? ''
The California Academy of Family Physicians is putting information for members on its website and producing podcasts that feature family physicians sharing patient stories and explaining the need for good end-of-life care .
Jay Lee , president of the association , said there is still a lot of uncertainty about the implications for physicians . But they said they will play an important role in helping ensure there is equitable access to the law across ethnic and socioeconomic groups in California — and that patients understand all their choices , including hospice and palliative care .
Lee , a family physician in Orange County , said they believe the law is already leading to more conversations about the end-of-life in general .
`` The law has triggered a lot of focus on an area of healthcare that for many was really taboo , '' Lee said . `` Physicians did n't feel really comfortable bringing it up . ''
Matt Fairchild said they plan to talk soon with their oncologist about the aid-in-dying law . `` I want to make sure they know that it is there , '' they said .
Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter .
Fairchild was diagnosed with cancer in 2012 after noticing a mole under their earlobe had gotten bigger . They had surgery and thought they were clear , but soon after , doctors told them the cancer had spread to their lymph nodes -- and then throughout their body .
For nearly four years , Fairchild has undergone treatment , including radiation , chemotherapy and immunotherapy . Sometimes they feel like they are in a game of Whack-A-Mole , trying to beat it down in one site before it pops up in another . They know the treatments can only lengthen their life -- not save it .
Before the law passed , Fairchild said they would have considered taking their own life if they were dying and in too much pain . But they said , that 's a `` quiet , cold way to die . '' Now with the new law , they said they hope that death will be more celebratory and peaceful .
`` I do n't want to hurt ever , '' they said . `` I ca n't fathom the idea of being in pain and not having a way out . ''
Fairchild , whose face is pale and stomach swollen , spends their days at the apartment they share with their wife . A calendar hangs from the kitchen wall , with their appointments for brain scans and blood tests and infusions scribbled in small squares .
On a recent afternoon , their cats purring nearby , Fairchild sat down on a recliner chair in front of the television . They pulled out pens and a grown-up coloring book . The title : Color Me Calm .
We 're five shows deep into the Baker 's Dozen , where the Phish from Vermont have holed up in Madison Square Garden for thirteen nights in lieu of their usual cross-country summertime bacchanal .
Heads who are n't freaking out the Big Apple—due to kids , job , mortgage , and other poor adult excuses—can broadcast it live and watch that shit like the Olympics .
A fortnight or more ! On the Couch Tour ! Cheers to that . With no West Coast dates in sight , I 've decided to purchase the entire run . That 's how you do Phish IRL , in binges . This is the only sensible move .
Here 's what 's awesome about LivePhish casts . You do n't deal with the street hassle . No tarps on your living room carpet . A new beer is ten steps away ; there 's legal pot ; the stream is in HD video and audio . My Phish homies and I hang out digitally and watch together , just like in the 90s , back when we were cool and did this for real .
The one weird part ? Actual Phish tour is vacation . I 'm very much not on vacation right now .
That 's OK though . I can make this happen , make it worth the price tag and catch all these shows . Tour is n't supposed to be easy . Overcoming challenges is part of this scene . Now I 'm learning that challenges are surprisingly similar on the Couch .
Vibing : On the couch you 're not out there vibing with real people . We still got each other on Facebook groups and Reddits , but as we learned , digital people can be fucking intolerable , even when they 're your digital people .
Tour equivalent : Sunrise—and you 're still tripping with the caricature-people in some weird parking lot .
Chomping : When you hang out with digitals long enough , you get a little pissy and so does everyone else . It snowballs . Dude , Trey cuts off the jams now , oh , there were flubs on ‘ Reba ' and they 're totally fucking avoiding ‘ Fluffhead . '
Tour equivalent : The dude behind you complaining about the ‘ Joy ' encore after shouting “ Golgi Apparatus ” word for word .
Mashing : These shows start at 4:30 p.m. Pacific . Even bankers are working then—it 's a mad dash home to catch the show .
Tour equivalent : Chicago to Minneapolis during construction season on I-94 .
Begging : Three hours of TV after work for two weeks in a row is a big time ask with little kids at home . This is a whole season of Green Bay Packers games smushed into two weeks .
Tour equivalent : Asking for the car keys to drive across three states when you 're a minor and your mom is from the ‘ 70s and knows damn well what this is about .
Snobbing : I 'm watching this on my computer . It 's up against June ‘ 94 and Dec. ‘ 97 and Big Cypress on my hard drive . I wo n't Chad you , but there are some damn good sets in there .
Tour equivalent : Grateful Dead leftovers telling you shit ai n't what it used to be , fuck it , go home .
First half takeaways so far
Do I really miss the steep lawn of Alpine Valley ? Sleeping in my car at Deer Creek ? Undercover Woolworth Co. Sheriff 's Deputies in big white basketball shoes ? Scary nitrous dudes from Summer 2000 ?
A little bit , yeah . It 's cool though .
Getting logged into LivePhish after beating down another day of adulting , online Phish watching has a catharsis of its own . With the kids asleep , a beer and bowl in hand—with the right eyes , my office PC monitors become a hayfield in Noblesville , Indiana , and I just parked my mom 's Buick .
Males of the species are hereby thanked for their contributions to human civilization , but continued lapses of judgment ( World War I , anybody ? ) confirm their lack of leadership ability . Women are better equipped to rule because women are more caring than men . Women are tougher than men . Women definitely are stronger than men .
So we noticed in a darkened movie house as we sat absorbed in the adventures of Diana , the warrior princess also known as Wonder Woman . In the excellent big-budget action film , “ Wonder Woman , ” a small band of good guys must save the day . They have gumption but would n't make it out of the second reel alive without Diana and their sword , shield and heart . She 's got superhuman fighting skills and the ability to deflect bullets with their bracelets . Go ahead and call them a badass . She 's earned it .
You do n't need to possess a comic book collection or master 's degree in cinema studies to recognize the cultural significance of a female superhero starring in their own summer blockbuster . Nearly all the major action-adventure characters based on comics are male , among them : Batman , Superman , Spider-Man , Iron Man and Captain America . All the big Hollywood movies tell their stories . The few times a female character such as Catwoman or Supergirl got their own film , it was a flop .
“ Wonder Woman , ” based on the DC Comics character , looks destined to change the script . Critics are raving , and box-office projections look big . We caught a preview and loved it . It 's the rare popcorn flick with a message : Women rock . The Wonder Woman character , played by Gal Godot , made a cameo in last year 's “ Batman v Superman. ” If you saw it , you remember the scene in which they were knocked silly by Doomsday the monster and then got up with a wry smile on their face . C'mon , is that the best you got ?
The subconscious mind of the typical male moviegoer is crammed with heroic images of tough guys fighting for truth , justice and the American way . Females , still fighting for equal treatment in society , do n't see nearly as many tales of their own sex 's valor . That 's got to have at least a subtle impact , especially on the psyche of girls . It also must impact boys who notice that nearly all take-charge action figures at the multiplex look like them .
This imbalance goes beyond comic book flicks . At the recent Cannes Film Festival , actor Jessica Chastain said they watched 20 movies and was disturbed by the weak portrayal of women , which they suggested was due to a dearth of female directors and writers . “ I do hope that when we include more female storytellers , we will have more of the women that I recognize in my day-to-day life , ” they said . “ Ones that ... do n't just react to men around them . They have their own point of view . ”
This puts pressure to succeed on films like “ Wonder Woman , ” directed by Patty Jenkins . Otherwise , more women wo n't get the chance to make more female-driven action epics .
Back at the movie house , the early scenes of “ Wonder Woman ” implanted the idea of female empowerment . Jenkins ' direction had exactly the right touch . Diana and their tribe of super-cool , super-fit women looked beautiful as they trained for battle . Mostly they looked ferocious . If you 're ever in trouble , forget Superman — get in touch with Wonder Woman .
FROM AN EDITORIAL IN THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE
Trade tiff : Alberta premier checking if Saskatchewan 's Wall breaking rules
RED DEER , Alta . — Cross-boundary political sniping between Alberta Premier Rachel Notley and Saskatchewan 's Brad Wall has escalated over Wall 's attempt to poach oil and gas firms .
Wall 's government sent letters earlier this week to several Calgary-based energy companies offering them incentives to relocate to Saskatchewan . The government is offering to subsidize relocation costs , trim taxes and royalties and help find space in unused government buildings .
Notley on Thursday called Wall 's plan short-sighted and self-defeating . They said it probably breaks regional free-trade rules as well .
`` The efforts of the province of Saskatchewan at this point likely do violate the New West Partnership as well as the ( federal Agreement on Internal Trade ) , '' Notley said in Red Deer where they were announcing a new courthouse .
`` If I was a business owner that resided in a smaller market , say Saskatchewan , that depended on an agreement that gave me access to a bigger market , say Alberta , I would be very concerned .
`` ( The New West ) trade agreement actually promotes back and forth of business operations that contribute to prosperity on both sides of the border . And you do n't touch one without pulling a really large string . ''
Notley said their government will review the trade agreement and decide how to respond , but wo n't pull out of the deal , which reduces trade barriers among the four western provinces .
The partnership allows for dispute resolution with fines that can reach $ 5 million .
Speaking in Regina , Wall said they do n't believe they are violating any trade agreements , although they acknowledged they did not consult legal counsel before sending the letters .
`` We are letting folks know about existing policies . I think all provinces will continue to do that and have done that , '' Wall said .
`` We have n't got a specific relocation program we are putting in the window ... that would be counter to the spirit of those trade deals . ''
Wall ruled out paying companies to relocate to Saskatchewan .
`` There would never be a direct payment to any company like that . We would use existing tax tools . ''
A tax incentive for companies that bring head office jobs to Saskatchewan was put in place years ago , Wall said . Companies could use money from it to defray things such as moving costs .
Notley said Wall 's policy lacks leadership and vision .
`` In the long term , if we 're going to grow prosperity throughout Canada , what we need to do as government leaders is invest in growing businesses in our provinces , not trying to steal business from other provinces , '' they said .
`` That 's a zero-sum game and it does n't help everybody out in the long run . ''
Scott Saxberg , CEO of Crescent Point Energy , said they received a letter from Wall this week , but it was nothing new . Wall asks them to move every time they see him , they said .
Saxberg suggested Notley change their approach to Wall .
`` She should be 'Game on ' and try to attract more business to Calgary , '' they suggested .
Last summer , Saskatchewan cried foul after Alberta rejigged beer markups and introduced grants to help Alberta craft brewers .
And last week the premiers traded barbs over their budgets .
— By Dean Bennett in Edmonton . With files from Dan Healing in Calgary
The Canadian Press
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license . University Iowa State University
A new flexible , stretchable and tunable “ meta-skin ” uses rows of liquid-metal devices to cloak an object from the sharp eyes of radar .
The meta-skin takes its name from metamaterials , which are composites that have properties not found in nature and that can manipulate electromagnetic waves . By stretching and flexing the polymer meta-skin , it can be tuned to reduce the reflection of a wide range of radar frequencies .
The new technology proves an idea : Electromagnetic waves—perhaps even the shorter wavelengths of visible light—can be suppressed with flexible , tunable liquid-metal technologies .
Jiming Song , a professor of electrical and computer engineering at Iowa State University , was a member of the team that developed the technology . They say the meta-skin could one day coat the surface of the next generation of stealth aircraft .
But the researchers are hoping for even more : a cloak of invisibility .
“ The long-term goal is to shrink the size of these devices , ” says team member Liang Dong , an associate professor of electrical and computer engineering . “ Then hopefully we can do this with higher-frequency electromagnetic waves such as visible or infrared light .
“ While that would require advanced nanomanufacturing technologies and appropriate structural modifications , we think this study proves the concept of frequency tuning and broadening , and multidirectional wave suppression with skin-type metamaterials . ”
How it works
Rows of split ring resonators are embedded inside layers of silicone sheets . The electric resonators are filled with galinstan , a metal alloy that 's liquid at room temperature and less toxic than other liquid metals such as mercury .
Those resonators are small rings with an outer radius of 2.5 millimeters and a thickness of half a millimeter . They have a 1 millimeter gap , essentially creating a small , curved segment of liquid wire .
The rings create electric inductors and the gaps create electric capacitors . Together they create a resonator that can trap and suppress radar waves at a certain frequency . Stretching the meta-skin changes the size of the liquid metal rings inside and changes the frequency the devices suppress .
Tests showed radar suppression was about 75 percent in the frequency range of 8 to 10 gigahertz , according to the paper . When objects are wrapped in the meta-skin , the radar waves are suppressed in all incident directions and observation angles .
“ Therefore , this meta-skin technology is different from traditional stealth technologies that often only reduce the backscattering—i.e. , the power reflected back to a probing radar , ” the engineers wrote in their paper published in Scientific Reports .
Source : Iowa State University
In one month , Jack Harrison went from the carefully managed rookie to the Manchester United-raised saviour of England , a Wake Forest Demon Deacon-turned-prince after posting two goals and two assists for New York City FC .
Harrison has started in each of NYCFC 's four consecutive wins , and the club is in first place at the halfway mark , 10 points above the red line . The rookie that David Villa said is good for the team now and for the rest of its history has made Patrick Vieira 's comments on draft day come to life .
RECOMMENDED 11 other players Liverpool could realistically sign this summer
“ He 's a modern winger , ” Vieira said then . “ He can come inside , they can go on the line , they can score goals , and he 's really good in 1-vs-1 situations . He 's the type of modern winger that you like to have in the team . He 's young , but I 'm sure they will have a massive part to play in our squad . He 's enthusiastic , he 's full of energy , and this is what we want . ”
Harrison 's form makes Vieira look like an oracle , but the head coach is expecting them to reach their full capabilities in three or four months – when the regular season ends , coincidentally . Harrison will be 19 by that time , but to be a ripening first-overall draft pick in New York is to enter a select pantheon .
One British headline this week read : “ Jack Harrison a beacon of hope for England . ”
Harrison is showing well , but we 've been down this road before in MLS . So , what 's behind the hype ?
Getting them in blue
NYCFC is a unique club in many ways . And yet , they used very MLS methods to acquire Harrison . NYCFC tried and failed to parlay Harrison 's time at Manhattan SC into a homegrown player claim , but they ultimately made a draft-day trade for a rookie who they knew would n't start the season on time .
Vieira 's confidence came as the technical staff knew Harrison 's pelvic injury would heal on its own , reducing the risk of trading for him . Harrison would be a mid-season addition much like their mentor , Frank Lampard . The ex-Chelsea man , struggling to recover from their calf injury , encouraged Harrison to be patient and not endure the same fate they suffered last year when they returned to the pitch too soon . But NYCFC 's wide play made it tempting to do so .
By starting Thomas McNamara on the left side of their 4-3-3 , NYCFC depend on their right winger to stretch play . Khiry Shelton 's performance against D.C. United in May showed how effective the approach can be with the right player , but he 's yet to score since then . Steven Mendoza joined on loan for the same reason but has one goal and is out injured . NYC won one of their next five matches after the win in D.C. as Harrison began to join the team for training and road trips .
Harrison juggled as often as they trained for much of the spring , but the potential was clear . They seldom missed during crossing drills and danced through defenders in scrimmages . Their cameo was the silver lining to the Red Bull Wedding – a 7-0 loss for NYCFC during which Lampard was booed by their own fans . Harrison took to Twitter telling fans to “ have some respect ” . Their mentions disagreed . They later clarified on Instagram .
Rested the next weekend , Harrison made their first start at right wing against Real Salt Lake . Their deflected goal was the product of a dangerous run cutting inside on their left foot , but they struggled with their crossing towards the byline . They blamed themselves for not closing down Demar Phillips to prevent Yura Movsisyan 's equaliser .
Embedded video for Bolton boy Jack Harrison starting to live up to NYCFC & # 039 ; s lofty expectations
Vieira was still proud of how the 19-year-old understood the game and patiently managed their minutes . They surprisingly kept Harrison on the bench in the U.S. Open Cup and only brought them on after the New York Cosmos scored in the 88th minute . Vieira took the blame for fielding a weakened lineup , adding that the wide attackers they chose , Shelton and Kwadwo Poku , had let them down .
“ I think in football , the most difficult thing is to keep the game simple , ” Vieira said afterwards . “ To allow yourself to keep the game simple , you have to be humble . I do n't think tonight we had the humility to win that game or make the right decision at the right time because sometimes we 're thinking that we are better than what we are . ”
Cementing their spot
Goals and assists mean the same to Harrison . At 5ft 9in , they stay on the edge of the box to defend corners . Against the Philadelphia Union , they were the closest player to recover David Villa 's loose touch and quickly broke away with the ball . A backheel to Villa beat the two defenders who had recovered and opened the window for them to finish .
Harrison has assisted Villa 's last two goals , both on the break , but their play while NYCFC are in possession is how he 's become a regular . Harrison 's simple passing and combination play with Lampard allows for the team to retain possession and play from back to front . Against the Red Bulls , Harrison had to drop deeper since injuries forced Jason Hernandez to right-back .
“ It allowed me to go more one-on-one against my defender and if it did n't work out then I always had the support behind me , ” Harrison said .
With Hernandez staying at home , Harrison had to choose between taking defenders on 1-vs-1 or playing back to Lampard and the midfield . They chose passing back more often as NYCFC kept to their principle of overloading one side of the field in attack and in defensive pressure . The approach worked as NYCFC forced turnovers upfield and created chances with Lampard and Andrea Pirlo switching play .
Mentor and supporter turned creator as Lampard turned two Red Bull midfielders and played Harrison into space as Aurelien Collin went to close down . Harrison took a touch onto their right foot and – opening their hips like in the crossing drills – curled their cross around two Red Bull defenders to Villa 's foot .
“ Some players know when to pass , when to dribble and skip past people , ” Lampard said . “ On top of that , he 's got a lot of humility . He 's a really good kid . They want to learn , they want to work hard during the week and he 's not ahead of himself . Personally , I think everything they want is in front of him . ”
Shepherding the growth
RECOMMENDED 10 players at Euro 2016 whose transfer values have increased
Surrounding young talent with experienced designated players can be a tough proposition in MLS , but NYCFC are beginning to find success . There is a first-overall draft pick and a third-year pro flanking Spain 's all-time leading scorer ; a former U.S. U20 international picked up on waivers providing cover for two Champions League winners . The pieces are fitting together for NYCFC , but how they remain will determine the team 's place as a contender .
This is , however , New York City , and to be successful in MLS is only part of the equation . The idea of a Manhattan SC product bringing play-off football to the Bronx is one of MLS 's premises behind launching a second team in this market .
It took one month for Harrison to pick up Vieira 's tactics and carry NYCFC to the top of the Eastern Conference . The fact that he 's done so while bringing Lampard back to life is powering the Transatlantic hype train . From their times in London , Vieira and Lampard know about emerging players in large , global cities . Brought in to be leaders for a fledgling franchise , the two of them know that to reach new heights , they 'll have to keep Harrison 's feet on the ground .
More features every day on FFT.com
The reports about Samsung Galaxy Note7 's battery catching on fire have been spreading throughout the last few days and Samsung quickly acknowledged the issue and said there is an ongoing investigation . A prompt and swift decision was promised and the official press release is now out .
Samsung is now recalling all Galaxy Note7 around the world . A replacement will be issued ASAP to all users who return their phablet , regardless of date of purchase .
Meanwhile all Note7 sales are suspended until the faulty devices are withdrawn from the market and only unaffected Note7 units remain in circulation .
Koh Dong-jin , head of Samsung 's handset business division , assured the press that only 24 of every 1 million devices are at risk , but the company wo n't be taking any chances with its users .
Samsung is committed to producing the highest quality products and we take every incident report from our valued customers very seriously . In response to recently reported cases of the new Galaxy Note7 , we conducted a thorough investigation and found a battery cell issue . To date ( as of September 1 ) there have been 35 cases that have been reported globally and we are currently conducting a thorough inspection with our suppliers to identify possible affected batteries in the market . However , because our customers safety is an absolute priority at Samsung , we have stopped sales of the Galaxy Note7 . For customers who already have Galaxy Note7 devices , we will voluntarily replace their current device with a new one over the coming weeks . We acknowledge the inconvenience this may cause in the market but this is to ensure that Samsung continues to deliver the highest quality products to our customers . We are working closely with our partners to ensure the replacement experience is as convenient and efficient as possible .
While Samsung designed the battery cell , it outsourced the manufacturing to other companies and one of those factories is to blame for the faulty battery .
It 's good to see Samsung is putting users ' safety first no matter the cost of this massive recall campaign . We hope this gets resolved quickly as the competition is surely having a ball in the meantime .
Source
Smuggling could be the effort of individuals seizing an opportunity , or a professional , large-scale planned venture . The majority of fines and penalties were , unfortunately and perhaps unfairly , paid by the opportunists , who could come from any class-a desperate individual , a shopkeeper willing to become part of a distribution chain , or a fashionable lady unable to resist the lure of hard-to-find fabrics or trimming . Professionals frequently had the backing of well-heeled sponsors and could afford to consider fines the cost of doing business . A new ship could be purchased after a few successful runs .
Smugglers brought in goods subject to tariffs and taxes-silk , lace , brandy , etc.-for sale . Import restrictions and blockades made certain goods hard to come by , and taxation was heavy on those goods that were available legally . Individuals in all classes would take advantage of a consignment filled by smugglers to avoid paying these heavy duties . Once a cargo was landed , it was brought overland in well-planned routes that made it almost impossible to know if an item was smuggled or legitimately obtained by the time it reached a marketplace .
All coastal areas were affected by smuggling , including the Scilly Isles , Kent ( especially Romney Marsh ) , Cornwall , Sussex , and Whitby in Yorkshire . Some communities along the coast were in league with smugglers , with an entire community potentially dependent on smuggling , first to obtain goods not otherwise available to them , and then as participants in the landing , concealing and moving the goods . Foreign smugglers also contributed , such as the Dutch smugglers who brought gin and other goods into Whitby . Ultimately , smuggling was virtually a national industry , and involved numerous gangs , moving alcohol ( gin , wine and brandy , among other beverages ) , tea , silk , lace , tobacco and other popular items . It is not impossible that the shops frequented by Jane Austen in London may have carried smuggled goods .
Smuggling went both ways during Napoleonic wars with refugees , goods and information moving into England , while escaped prisoners , money and information moved into France . In the last years of the war , Napoleon accommodated smugglers in Dunkirk and Gravelines , and encouraged them to make the trips back and forth . ( Such a journey could be accomplished in 4 or 5 hours , weather and other conditions permitting . )
Politicians and the monarchy were acutely aware of a depleted treasury ( war and the Prince Regent were both very costly ) , and worked hard to suppress smuggling . Taxes of course were no more popular in Jane Austen 's time than they are today . The wars drew away troops , leaving fewer available for the preventive service for much of the coast , although fears of a French invasion kept attention focused on the coastline , especially the south-east coast-it 's no coincidence that militia units were stationed in coastal areas such as Brighton ( the possible deterrent to smugglers may have been as much a motive as a deterrent to invasion ) .
After Waterloo ended the war in 1815 , there was an upsurge in smuggling due to men being released from military ( especially from the navy ) unable to find jobs . ( A lack of excitement after wartime may have also been a factor . ) However , it was reduced by the 1820 's due to activities of Customs , Preventives and Coast Guard . Smuggling methods had to adapt ( contraband had to be concealed-hidden under a legitimate cargo or in clever hiding places ) . The Coast Blockade established on land on the east Kent coast 2 years after Waterloo consisted of land patrols that were an effective deterrent , in spite of clashes with smuggling gangs , and the temptations of bribery .
Sources include :
Adkins , Roy & Lesley . JANE AUSTEN 'S ENGLAND . 2013 : Viking , New York , NY .
Blue Anchor Corner . “ A bullish attitude towards smuggling in the 18th century , ” posted by Philip Atherton 12/11/2014 . http : //seasaltercross.com/2014/12/11/a-bullish-attitude-towards-smuggling-in-the-17th-and-18th-centuries
Border Force National Museum . Maritime Archives and Library Information Sheet 24 . “ History of Smuggling. ” ( PDF ) Last revised May 2010. http : //www.liverpoolmuseums.org.uk/maritime/archive/pdf/24-History-of-smuggling.pdf
English Historical Fiction Authors Blog . “ The Lesser Known Smugglers of the North ” by Nick Smith , posted 9/17/2014 . http : //englishhistoryauthors.blogspot.com/2014/09/the-lesser-known-smugglers-of-north.html
Regency Reflections . “ Smuggling in Regency England , ” posted by Naomi Rawlings , 4/23/2012 . http : //christianregency.com/blog/2012/04/23/smuggling-in-regency-england
Smugglers ' Britain . “ Britain 's Smuggling History Expansion…and Defeat. ” ( No author or posting date shown . ) http : //www.smuggling.co.uk/history_expansion.html
Advertisements
Print
Rating the Top Retailers and How They Market to Christmas Shoppers
Take Action : Click On Any `` Naughty '' Company Name For Details and Contact Information
Nice 1-800-Flowers.com
Ace Hardware
AFA Online Store
Banana Republic
Bass Pro Shops
Bath & Body Works
Bed Bath & Beyond
Belk
Big Lots
Books-A-Million
Cabela 's
Cracker Barrel
Dick 's Sporting Goods
Dillards
Do-It-Best Hardware
Dollar Tree
Fred 's
H.E.B . Stores
HSN.com
Hallmark
Harbor Freight
Harris Teeter Stores
Hobby Lobby
Home Depot
Hy-Vee Stores
JCPenney
JoAnn Fabrics
Kirkland 's
Kmart
Kroger
L.L . Bean
Lowe 's
Macy 's
Marshalls
Meijer
Menard 's
Michael 's Stores
Neiman Marcus
Pier One Imports
ProFlowers.com
Publix
QVC.com
Rite Aid
Sam 's Club
Scheels Sporting Goods
Super D Drug
TJ Maxx
Toys R Us
True Value
Wal-Mart
Zappos.com Marginal Academy Sports + Outdoors
Amazon.com
Best Buy
CVS Pharmacy
Dollar General
Kohl 's
Safeway
Sears
Starbucks Naughty Barnes & Noble
Family Dollar
Foot Locker
Gap , Inc .
The Limited
Maurice 's
Nordstrom
Office Depot
Office Max
Old Navy
Pet Smart
Staples
Stein Mart
Supervalu
UncommonGoods.com
Victoria 's Secret
Walgreens
We continually update the list , so check back often .
Criteria - AFA reviews up to five areas to determine if a company is `` Christmas-friendly '' in their advertising : print media ( newspaper inserts ) , broadcast media ( radio/television ) , website , social media ( Facebook , Twitter ) and/or personal visits to the store . If a company 's ad has references to items associated with Christmas ( trees , wreaths , lights , etc . ) , it was considered as an attempt to reach `` Christmas '' shoppers .
If a company has items associated with Christmas , but did not use the word `` Christmas , '' then the company is considered as censoring `` Christmas . ''
Want to report a company ? Send your detailed report to christmas @ afa.net . Please know that we receive hundreds of reports ( emails ) each day . We are unable to respond to each one personally , but your report will be read by one of our staff .
Please Note : AFA does not list local or regional companies . Only nationally-recognized companies will be listed . This list only reflects a company 's `` Christmas '' advertising and does not take into account other corporate policies AFA may not agree with .
Published by Steve Litchfield at 6:23 UTC , April 22nd 2016
Inspired partly by an excellent series of articles by Jason Ward ( the latest one here ) , running to tens of thousands of words , I thought I 'd summarise - more succinctly - my own predictions on Continuum and the future of Windows 10 Mobile . It 's somewhat ironic that just as the media is writing Microsoft off in the phone space , Windows 10 Mobile 's unique selling points could be bridging the gap between the present and the future while its mainstream smartphone rivals become increasingly restricted .
Those Unique Selling Points are , of course , that :
W10M is full Windows 10 , running core modules and applications that are universal across all form factors .
With Continuum and other 'Connections ' , W10M can extend its interface to take over nearby displays .
I 've often quoted Corning 's Day Made of Glass videos as genuinely inspirational , and I 'm going to bring them up again . Have a look at the original and view it in the context of what you know about Continuum now and what we know Continuum will be able to do by the end of 2016 , i.e . using input from wirelessly connected touchscreens and taking over the glass of other computing devices ( with permission ) .
I know the Corning concept video goes much further than is practical in the next couple of years , but there are distinct similarities . The core idea is the same - to have your own sessions and data ( so , logged in and authenticated services , local documents and media ) available for interaction and presentation on almost any screen you come across , as the need arises . Whether that 's some kind of laptop dock that you brought with you , a hotel suite TV , a dumb monitor in an office booth , a living room TV , even a projected display on a wall or in mid-air through the likes of HoloLens .
The main objection to the current implementation and limitations of Continuum is : why bother ? Why cart around extra cables and an extra Bluetooth mouse and/or keyboard , plus perhaps a physical dock , power supply and cables , when you can just take along a super-light 13 '' notebook PC or Mac ? Why indeed ? The objection is perfectly valid , but somewhat misses the future of the Continuum concept .
If your computing environment can be contained within just ( say ) a 5 '' screened smartphone and a 13 '' laptop , both loaded up with apps and signed in to all your services , servers and so on , then yes , this is a perfectly valid way to go . But what happens when you want to use something bigger , either because of the nature of the data or because you 're projecting it for others to see ? What happens when you want to use an entire table as your work surface , dragging things around and exploring options in the way demonstrated in the Corning video ? Do you then have to have a phone , a laptop , a projector , loads of cables and adapters and so on , all individually customised and signed in to the stuff you need to access ? Or do you beg time on other peoples ' laptops , desktops and conferencing systems , starting up new sessions and user accounts , working around what 's available to get authenticated again and again ?
Or you could just use Continuum .
One device , one biometrically authenticated pocket computer , think a Surface 960 XL ( like a 950 XL but with four times the horsepower and 6GB of RAM ) , running Windows 10 'Redstone 2 ' in 2017 . On it , you have all the applications you need , all signed in as you , with all your data , favourites , documents , contact context .
Following the rough pattern of the Corning video :
you wake to your 960 XL chirping and glowing gently
while you shower , you connect to a ( safe ) touchscreen monitor in the bathroom , casting news media or whatever you want to see that time in the morning ( ! ) , perfoming some simple search queries using the on-screen virtual keyboard on the monitor .
grabbing some breakfast , you switch the connection to your kitchen TV and bring up your email , browsing through with multitouch and tapping out the odd reply using a spill-proof , wipe-clean Bluetooth keyboard that you keep on the kitchen counter .
in the car , your 960 XL intelligently hooks up to your audio and visual systems , keeping you safe and communicating while on the road
at work , you plug in your phone ( via a USB Type C cable , to power and Ethernet ) and your 26 '' QHD monitor springs to life , showing your preferred desktop and applications , with notifications that you 'd seen arrive on the phone while driving but which you can do something about now that you 're on the big screen .
called to a colleague 's office to discuss something , you 'borrow ' their big touchscreen 'Surface ' to demonstrate some ideas you 've been working on .
heading off on a business trip that evening , you decide to bring along your Continuum lap-dock . Again , it 's every app and service on your phone , but this time on a 15 '' screen and with a full size keyboard and trackpad . With a 15 hour battery life , it 's going to see you through the trip with power to spare .
And that 's all in addition to the hundreds of small things you might accomplish each day on the smartphone 's own touchscreen .
What 's interesting is that almost all of this is do-able right now , on the Lumia 950 XL , provided all the various 'glass ' is compatible . And that 's partly what ( for example ) the push to get Windows 10 for desktops Continuum ready is about - it 's all part of a grand vision for how computing might work , starting now but really getting going in the next couple of years .
Today 's Continuum is sometimes easy but , let 's face it , often a bit fiddly and half-hearted . But tomorrow 's Continuum should be much easier , smoother , faster and more capable , thanks to better software , faster processors all round and more wirelessly compatible monitors and other display devices .
And , as Jason Ward points out in the linked articles above , although the competition ( Google and Apple ) both have interesting ideas in terms of hooking up different interfaces and devices , none of these comes close to what Microsoft is attempting with 'Windows 10 everywhere ' .
So the next time someone tells you that `` Windows Phone is dead '' , reply along the lines of `` Dead ? Windows on phones might just be the next big thing ! ''
The Chief Whip of U.K. 's Labour party , Rosie Winterton , will speak to Sir Gerald Kaufman , a veteran British parliamentarian who caused a storm last week by saying that the ruling Conservative Party is influenced by “ Jewish money '' and that the Israeli government made up the recent spate of violent attacks in order to allow it to “ execute Palestinians . ''
The Labour party was called to action by a letter from the Board of Deputies , Community Security Trust ( CST ) and Jewish Leadership Council , demanding they take `` swift and appropriate disciplinary action , '' the Jewish Cronicle reported .
Kaufman , a long-time Labor member of parliament , was speaking at an event in Parliament hosted by the Palestine Return Centre , a group that is reportedly aligned with Hamas . Their comments were recorded by blogger David Collier and published in the Jewish Chronicle .
Four of Britain 's most prominent Jewish organizations – the Board of Deputies , the Campaign Against Antisemitism , the Jewish Leadership Council and the Community Security Trust – expressed Thursday their outrage at Kaufman 's comments and demanded that they be investigated , The Spectator reported .
“ It 's Jewish money , Jewish donations to the Conservative Party – as in the general election in May – support from the Jewish Chronicle , all of those things , bias the Conservatives , '' Kaufman said .
“ There is now a big group of Conservative members of parliament who are pro-Israel whatever government does and they are not interested in what Israel the Israeli government does . ''
Kaufman , the longest-serving parliamentarian in Britain ( known as Father of the House of Commons , ) also criticized Conservative MPs for ignoring the ongoing violence in Israel .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
`` In the last few days alone the Israelis have murdered 52 Palestinians and nobody pays attention and this government does n't care , ” they said .
They then told the audience of about 45 people that the Israeli government had made up the recent spate of violent attacks in order to allow it to “ execute Palestinians ” . Their source for that statement was “ a friend of mine who lives in East Jerusalem , ” the Manchester MP said .
Kaufman has not responded to requests to comment on the remarks . A spokesperson for the Palestine Return Centre distanced the group from the comments but refused to rule out inviting them to speak at future events .
“ The views as reported do not reflect the views of the party , '' a Labor Party spokesperson said . They would not comment on whether the party would reprimand Kaufman or ask them to resign .
Kaufman caused controversy earlier this year when they said that Israel uses the Holocaust to justify murdering Palestinians . They are infamous for saying , `` Here we are , the Jews again , '' when fellow Labor MP Louise Ellman rose to speak in parliament in 2011 .
CNN 's Soledad O'Brien did something which is extremely rare in television news these days : they actually did their job . And it was the best example of truly awesome journalism I 've seen since Katie Couric so deftly gave Sarah Palin the opportunity in 2008 to destroy herself . Perhaps , given the unprecedented polarization and partisan vitriol in politics today , coupled with the right-wing 's propaganda campaign of lies and distortion , we just might see a return of the mainstream media as a potent force in this heated election .
The action took place Tuesday afternoon , as O'Brien was interviewing former New Hampshire governor and George W. Bush Chief of Staff John Sununu . With the actual documents in hand , O'Brien pointed out the striking similarities between the Medicare plans of Mitt Romney and their controversial vice presidential running mate Paul Ryan , who seeks to change the government guaranteed health care program into a voucher system .
`` But it 's very different , '' Sununu insisted . `` For example , when Obama gutted Medicare by taking $ 717 billion out of it , the Romney plan does not do that . The Ryan plan mimicked part of the Obama package there , the Romney plan does not . That 's a big difference . ''
O'Brien essentially accused them of lying :
`` I understand that this is a Republican talking point because I 've heard it repeated over and over again . These numbers have been debunked , as you know , by the Congressional Budget Office . ... I can tell you what it says . It ( Obama 's Medicare plan ) cuts a reduction in the expected rate of growth , which you know , not cutting budgets to the elderly . Benefits will be improved . ''
At this point Sununu , clearly agitated , became nasty and indignant , angered by O'Brien 's insistence on fact over fiction :
`` Soledad , stop this ! '' Sununu replied , raising their voice . `` All you 're doing is mimicking the stuff that comes out of the White House and gets repeated on the Democratic blog boards out there . ''
O'Brien continued reading from the Romney and Obama plans verbatim , and cited Factcheck.org , the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office and CNN 's own independent analysis in refuting Sununu 's deceptive rhetoric .
`` Put an Obama bumper sticker on your forehead when you do this ! '' Sununu barked .
And here 's where O'Brien , following a heated exchange where they demanded `` Let me finish ... let me finish ! , '' demonstrated that they have more balls than anyone in television news right now :
`` You know , let me tell you something . There is independent analysis that details what this is about . ... And name calling to me and somehow acting as if by you repeating a number of $ 716 billion , that you can make that stick with that figure as being 'stolen ' from Medicare , that 's not true . You ca n't just repeat it and make it true , sir . ''
In punctuating this incredible interview , O'Brien closed by reminding Sununu of how Romney has called Ryan 's plan `` brilliant . ''
Artist Sketchesnatched , or Massimo Carnevale , draws images of movie and TV characters . Among them are Jay and Silent Bob of Clerks , Lisbeth Salander of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Django of Django Unchained . They 're very artistic , and I love the high saturation of color .
Artist Sketchesnatched , or Massimo Carnevale , draws images of movie and TV characters . Among them are Jay and Silent Bob of Clerks , Lisbeth Salander of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Django of Django Unchained . They 're very artistic , and I love the high saturation of color .
Anyway , just scroll down and enjoy .
I think my favorite is the THX 1138 one , as it 's one of my all-time favorite movies .
Which is your favorite ?
This is just a small selection of Carnevale 's work – you can find many more portraits on their website ! They offer high quality , numbered and authographed prints , too , which is just awesome . You can get more info here : sketchesnatched.info @ gmail.com .
Do n't forget to share this article on your social networks ! < 3
Opinions expressed in our articles are those of the authors and not of the Film Inquiry magazine .
About
Me
Hi , my name 's Joey . I 'm a college student from just outside of New Orleans . Lately , I 've discovered I like to point cameras at people . Currently , my largest ambition is to produce a documentary about online food reviewers . Over the past few years , I 've found myself stumbling further and further into a unique online subculture . Over this past summer , watching food reviews on YouTube became my primary source of entertainment .
The Scene
The food review scene is bustling . The average passerby may just see a group of people eating food in their cars , but the further I 've delved the more I realize that there is so much more to it . The scene is full of a diverse and interesting cast of people , each with their own personality and interests . I want to offer a candid look at the daily lives of these reviewers .
Currently confirmed reviewers :
simplefoodreviews
numbersixwithcheese
beerdrankshawty
Peep This Out !
jason callan
Whitfield 's Food Revue
Tadd and Chris
And many more on the way !
The Plan
Aiming for December , myself and a group of friends will pack up in the rv and travel coast to coast , meeting and interviewing food reviewers all over the country . We aim to produce a feature length YouTube documentary about the food review phenomenon . Costs for this project include production equipment ( cameras , mics , lighting , general equipment ) , travel costs such as fuel and lodging ( we aim to camp often and eat cheap ) , and miscellaneous film-related expenses .
The word `` documentary '' implies to some people that a film will tackle an issue or present an argument . I aim for this movie to stay simple and subjective . Any arguments presented will stay just that : presented . The film will be segmented , with each reviewer having their own personal time to shine . Potentially , parts of my crew 's personal experience on the trip may be documented in the film too . However , a separate film will be produced for the bulk of that material .
I 'd like to point out that this film will not be a vehicle for bullying . Lately , YouTube 's community has grown unfortunately toxic , and some food reviewers frequently recieve hate . On the contrary , I aim to humanize these reviewers , showing who they are as people and why they continue to do what they do despite the sometimes unsavory responses .
For a look at some past work , here 's Jerry Seinfeld , a documentary about my group of friends I made for a pal 's birthday earlier this year . Its full of inside jokes and slightly irreverent humor and what not , but I ultimately hope It 's something that even an outsider can enjoy and that it provides a decent idea of things to come . The associated channel also features additional stuff of mine .
Publisher Namco Bandai has made some new downloadable content ( DLC ) available for Dragon Ball Z : Battle of Z , which should be available on both Xbox Live and Playstation Network . Additionally , the Playstation Vita version receives its own update .
In the free DLC for Vita , you 'll find a way to extend the game 's audio with Japanese voice over . Since fans are the main demographic for these anime titles , the original narration is usually a main request .
Aside from this addition , Dragon Ball Z : Battle of Z now has its preorder incentives available for purchase in separate DLC . It contains two fighters .
One of them is Goku 's father , in the form of Super Saiyan Bardock . Both relatives look extremely similar , but their story is different .
For those that follow the story line , Bardock is part of the people affected by the Saiyans ' planet blowing up . They achieve their powered up form during a fight with Chilled .
Another combatant that comes to play is Super Vegito . This is the fusion between Goku and Vegeta using the Potara earrings , but in heightened form . It 's a fighter so powerful that not even Majin Buu could defeat the fused combo .
Despite putting up things like a hectic four-player brawl , Dragon Ball Z : Battle of Z did n't pan too well with critics . It 's currently floating over a little more than 50 on Metacritic .
Each fighter for this Dragon Ball Z : Battle of Z DLC will set you back $ 2.99 .
When it comes to choosing gifts for a Star Wars fan , it 's all about choosing the right format and fitting it into their lives . We might all want a full-sized Boba Fett statue in our living room , but there 's people who prefer something subtle and classy , as well as those who want their Star Wars to be forever fun , eternalized in toy form . From the quiet and discreet for the closet Star Wars collector to presents for those who are out , loud and proud , we 've got the 50 best Star Wars gifts to help the force be with you and your loved ones .
Star Wars is an international credit card . Go anywhere in the world and you 'll be able to find fans of the franchise . More than music , more than government , and more than race , color , or creed , human beings can unite under the banner of the classic films , which made each of us feel like a kid , no matter what age we first experienced the movies . Star Wars leaves an indelible mark on a person 's psyche , sometimes so deeply that other pop culture phenomenon fall away . That 's when a true fanatic for Star Wars is born , and those are the people we 're seeking to appease .
Star Wars Dog Tags
Choose to go with the empire , the rebellion , or celebrate your Mandalorian heritage with specialized dog tags that honor your favorite side of The Force .
Purchase : $ 7
R2-D2 Can Coolers
In between repairing blaster damaged engines , let the plucky droid with the sunny disposition cool off your can during those hot Tatooine nights .
Purchase : $ 7
Millennium Falcon Bottle Opener
Crack a cold one with a replica of the ship that could make the Kessel run in twelve parsecs . Drinkers and fans will love it , and it will give you an opportunity to shout “ Han shot first ! ”
Purchase : $ 11
William Shakespeare 's Star Wars
Written in stunning iambic pentameter , this is the saga of the struggles betwixt the light and dark hues of the force all done in the style of The Bard , rapmaster Willy Shakespeare .
Purchase : $ 12+
Death Star Ice Sphere Mold
Bigger ice cubes mean less dilution in your drinks . The next time you have a cocktail , cool it off with this Death Star mold that is both gorgeous , and keeps your booze from getting watered down .
Purchase : $ 13
Chewbacca Can Cooler
Help you keep your beers cold , this will . With a grippable body as cuddly as your favorite 7-foot walking carpet , it 's a beer koozie that you need to let win .
Purchase : $ 13
Lightsaber Chopsticks
The lightsaber that started it all , this is the blade that Anakin wielded and was then passed on to Luke years later . They 're functional chopsticks with just a little sith in them .
Purchase : $ 15
Star Wars Accordion Sunshade
Immortalizing one of the most iconic sets ever made , this sun shade keeps your car cool , your dash from fading , and shows the cockpit of the best smuggling ship ever to take to space .
Purchase : $ 15
Darth Vader Silicone Oven Mitt
Just as good for pulling hot items out of the oven as it is for choking insolent fools with a disturbing lack of faith , they 're fun , functional , and tired of you rebel scum .
Purchase : $ 15
Storm Trooper Smart Trooper Print
Under special skills , they put “ Faithfully served evil empire . Shot and missed thousands of targets. ” He 's looking to put some style back in the military .
Purchase : $ 16
R2-D2 Hip Flask
Lovingly handmade , let R2 serve drinks like he 's aboard Java 's barge with this flask for all of your spirit needs .
Purchase : $ 16
Boba Fett Helmet Light Set
Made by Kurt Adler , this short light set is meant to round out a Star Wars theme or just acknowledge the bounty hunter who launched a million clones .
Purchase : $ 16
Moleskine Star Wars Weekly Notebook
A genuine Moleskine notebook , you can use this as a weekly planner , a calendar , or just a sketch book . With many gorgeous motifs , you ca n't go wrong with this level of quality .
Purchase : $ 19
Lightsaber Flatware Set
Styled like lightsaber handles , this set of silverware complements any dish and any style ; from dining in the lap of luxury on cloud city to scrounging up womp rat on the farm .
Purchase : $ 20
Death Star Tea Infuser
Make loose leaf tea the evil way with the new Death Star tea infuser . Fully operational right out of the box , you can use it for any tea and guard it with its own Tie fighter inspired chain icon .
Purchase : $ 20
Star Wars Minimalist Posters
Get a movie poster that is n't pomp and circumstance , but rather minimalist art in the style of classic literature . Every movie in the original trilogy is represented in a way that makes it lovely enough for any post-modern home .
Purchase : $ 20
R2-D2 & C-3PO Spice Shaker Set
When it comes to spicing up your life , or just salting up that bland casserole , a couple of sassy droids are all it takes . Each holds one cup of salt or pepper .
Purchase : $ 20
Stance Star Wars Socks
Stand and deliver with the whole set , or just get your Star Wars lover a ton of pairs of their favorite character so they can Vader it up day after day .
Purchase : $ 20+
Darth Vader & Son / Vader 's Little Princess Deluxe Box Set
Jeffrey Brown wanted to retell the tale of deadbeat dad Darth Vader , and in this imaginative book series , they show how a galaxy far , far away would be very different if Anakin had raised Luke and Leia .
Purchase : $ 21
Millennium Falcon : Owner 's Workshop Manual
Made like an honest Haynes car repair manual , this is a complete breakdown of the entire Millennium Falcon . From its hyperdrive right down to the power cables the mynocks chewed , it 's all there in technical splendor .
Purchase : $ 23
Star Wars : The Ultimate Action Figure Collection
Complete and definitive , this is the Holy Bible of the serious Star Wars action figure collector . It covers 2,500 figurines and tells the history of each , with full illustrations showing their changes and evolution .
Purchase : $ 24
Star Wars Cookie Cutters
Some geeks spend their time in the kitchen and require a way to offer up refreshments with a theme . From Yoda to Chewbacca , the whole crew is represented , all in cookie form .
Purchase : $ 24
Lightsaber Ice Pop Maker
Pop them into the freezer for summer treats , these ice pop makers work with any flavor you choose and even light up for a few frozen battles between bites .
Purchase : $ 25
Star Wars Ugly Christmas Sweaters
Celebrate the season and The Force with a truly ugly holiday sweater that honors everyone and everything , from sith lords to perky droids to Jedi masters who dwell in swamps .
Purchase : $ 25+
R2-D2 Measuring Cup Set
Everyone 's favorite droid is now even more useful than ever . With everything from a quarter teaspoon to a full cup , R2 has every standard measure , and can stop the trash compactor in the nick of time .
Purchase : $ 28
Star Wars Storyboards : The Original Trilogy
Before it was even on film , Star Wars existed in storyboard format . See the actual drawings that would become the biggest Sci-Fi franchise of all time .
Purchase : $ 30
Lightsaber BBQ Tongs
Modeled after Darth Vader 's lightsaber and complete with sound effects , these are not nearly as random as a blaster , and made for making more elegant meats .
Purchase : $ 35
Han Solo in Carbonite Bottle Opener
Han knows you love him , which is why they do n't mind if you use their carbonite-frozen body to open your favorite microbrews .
Purchase : $ 36
Star Wars : Battlefront
The new and improved Battlefront games are head and shoulders above their early ancestors . With the opportunity to don the cloak of a sith lord or even pilot an AT-AT , Star Wars gamers probably need this to live , so do the humane thing and get it .
Purchase : $ 40
R2-D2 USB Car Charger
Never again worry about getting to Tosche station to power up your devices . This little R2 unit might be beat up , but you 've been through alot together and he 's always gotten you through .
Purchase : $ 40
Star Wars Cufflinks
Officially licensed merch from Disney , anyone with French cut shirts who loves Star Wars will get a kick out of adding a little piece of The Force to their black tie event .
Purchase : $ 40+
TIE Fighter Nutcracker
Bust open walnuts as you smash the rebellion . When it comes to classy gifts that blend into the background for the fan that does n't want to turn their house into a sideshow this nutcracker is no nerf herder .
Purchase : $ 53
Darth Vader Voice Changer Helmet
James Earl Jones ' voice is a big part of what made Vader such a menacing villain . Now you can rule over your peons with an iron fist using a full helmet complete with Darth Vader voice changer .
Purchase : $ 54
Black Series Boba Fett Figure
Keep it in the box as a collector or pull it out for some bounty hunting fun , this is the original badass of the Star Wars universe before they were digested for a thousand years in the Sarlacc 's belly .
Purchase : $ 55
Star Wars Bar Stools
Decorate your hive of scum and villany with classy bar stools showing off beloved and reviled characters . Comfortable and durable , they 're more than just pretty faces .
Purchase : $ 60
Air Hogs Millennium Falcon Quadcopter
An actual drone that looks like Han 's ship , this will put a little Corellian into anyone 's life . Flying it is sure to make your Star Wars nerd learn a penchant for blue vests .
Purchase : $ 89
Star Wars : The Digital Movie Collection
Hard copies can be broken , so if you want to give a cinephile a gift that ca n't be destroyed or lost , give them the entire series prior to The Force Awakens , complete with loads of bonus features , all in gorgeous digital format .
Purchase : $ 89
Star Wars : Frames
A collection of 1,416 still frames from the films , all collected by George Lucas himself , this book looks at the art of Star Wars , rather than the movie magic .
Purchase : $ 94
Star Wars X-Wing Knife Block
A full stainless steel 5 knife set , any cook who also loves Star Wars will be proud to keep this on their counter for cutting up Wampa meat for a very Hoth Thanksgiving .
Purchase : $ 100
Han Solo in Carbonite Fathead Decal
Put it on the wall , put it on the fridge , this is the official decal sticker of Han frozen in Carbonite as they were in Jabba 's lair . Easy to stick and easy to move , it 's the Star Wars fan 's best decoration .
Purchase : $ 110
LEGO Poe 's X-Wing Fighter
Forget the dull gray of Luke 's X-Wing when they put the Death Star to bed . This has the updated style of The Force Awakens and with its black and orange body , moving parts , and retractable landing gear . It 's the best of the new generation .
Purchase : $ 129
Star Wars Adult Collectors Watch
UK designer Zeon has made collector 's watches for the original series that you 'd actually be proud to have on your wrist . With inspired , classic , and understated designs , these can go with both your business suit and your weekend robe and cowl .
Purchase : $ 129
Star Wars : The Blueprints
For a deeper look at Star Wars , or for the technical fan who wants the schematics that construct the glorious world , this is all original blueprints from everything to the Death Star down to C-3PO .
Purchase : $ 145
Sphero BB-8 App-Enabled Droid
It 's endless hours of fun all in a full droid that runs with commands from any smart device . It 's the new face of the franchise as done by the geniuses behind the wonderful Sphero .
Purchase : $ 145
Voice Activated R2-D2
Able to handle more than 40 simple voice commands and respond with cheerful whistles , this R2 unit is an enjoyable companion , but turn them to motion detect mode and they become a sentry for your home .
Purchase : $ 200
Pendleton Star Wars Blankets
Throw it over the back of your couch , keep it in the car , each of these beautifully woven Pendleton blankets is all wool and come with your choice of Star Wars themed looks for every side of The Force .
Purchase : $ 249
LEGO Ewok Village
Celebrate the characters every kid loved : the plucky teddy bears that did battle with the empire . It 's the whole Ewok village , complete with invading troopers .
Purchase : $ 250
First Order Stormtrooper Replica Helmet
Styled after the new Stormtrooper design showcased in The Force Awakens , this is injection-molded plastic ready to wear right out of the box .
Purchase : $ 250
LEGO Death Star
It 's certainly extravagant , but more than that , it 's a celebration of the original movies for the serious fan who stands by the first trilogy , before it gave in to the power of the dark , re-editing side .
Purchase : $ 250
HP Star Wars Special Edition Laptop
If you have the scratch and know a real fan , you will quickly become their new favorite human if you drop the 7 bills to nab them this Dark Side-themed laptop . Includes tons of Star Wars content pre-loaded .
Purchase : $ 700
Okay guys , can we talk about the elephant in the room ? It 's Bob Diaco . Well , more specifically , Bob Diaco 's microphone . Well , more specifically than that , Bob Diaco 's lack of a REAL gotdamn microphone .
Now , one might think that maybe they do n't know how to use one and that 's why they prefer the handheld lavalier mic . Here 's the trouble with that theory though - I 've done my due diligence and I found PHOTOGRAPHIC evidence that they do know how to use one .
Actually , they can use several at once . So why now ? Why is now the time that they have regressed to a handheld lapel mic ? Do they think that it makes their hands look bigger ? Are having big hands important to him ? I doubt it . I think what it is , is that he 's poor . Not only is they poor but the university is poor . And clearly every gotdamn media outlet is poor AND FOR FU * & SAKE CAN WE JUST GET HIM A MIC ALREADY .
So let 's help them .
I 've started a Go Fund Me account , linked above , to raise money to get Bob Diaco a microphone . In the event that we can make this happen and do better than expected any extra money we receive will be donated to Team Jack .
So please Donate , a good football program starts with a good microphone and a good microphone starts with a $ 250 Go Fund Me campaign . Make a difference today .
If you want to keep up with # MicGate or # GetADiacoAMic you can follow us on Facebook HERE or Twitter HERE
On Behalf of Coach Diaco ( well I 'm assuming he 'll like this ) , Go Big Red !
Ottawa is suppressing key parts of a politically explosive federal report that reveals Ontario is being shortchanged by Canada 's national wealth-sharing scheme , the Star has learned . The 67-page study is a searing assault on a $ 15.4 billion-a-year equalization system that redistributes taxpayers ' dollars to ensure equivalent levels of health , education and other programs across the country . Its conclusion : Ontario and B.C . lose out because it 's much more expensive to operate in those provinces . Conversely , Quebec and the Maritimes , where the cost of living is cheaper , reap disproportionate benefits . And when the government was forced to release the report , it removed large , potentially controversial , chunks . Entitled , “ An Operational Expenditure Need Equalization Formula for Canada , ” the report was written in 2006 by Peter Gusen , then director of federal-provincial relations at the federal finance department in an attempt to analyze how much it costs to deliver services in different provinces .
Article Continued Below
The Star has obtained the uncensored report . “ ‘ Poor ' provinces are not generally needy . British Columbia has the highest expenditure need per capita and Quebec the lowest , ” wrote Gusen , then , in one of 27 sections of their report censored by Ottawa . “ Cost matters as much or more than work load . Ontario and B.C. , typically regarded as ‘ rich , ' are invariably the high-cost provinces . As a result , they are more often than not the most needy . ”
Yet Ottawa has never taken into account that wages and cost-of-living expenses are higher here and in B.C . than most other provinces when dispensing equalization payouts . Gusen 's review was delivered in the dying days of former prime minister Paul Martin 's government and a heavily redacted version was not released until 2010 when Matthew Mendelsohn , director of the Mowat Centre for Policy Innovation at the University of Toronto , sought its release using freedom of information laws . “ I 've never seen the original , ” Mendelsohn , one of Canada 's leading experts in federal-provincial financial arrangements , said in an interview . “ The main conclusion of the study is clear . . . if you were to include any sense of the cost of providing public services . . . in the equalization formula , Ontario would be getting a lot more in fiscal transfers , ” said the former Ontario deputy minister of intergovernmental affairs .
Article Continued Below
“ Ontario would certainly make a case that when you just give us our share to hire nurses , we ca n't hire as many nurses as you can in Manitoba or New Brunswick . . . but none of that 's calculated , ” said Mendelsohn . After obtaining the full , uncensored copy of Gusen 's report , the Star asked David MacKinnon , a former senior civil servant who has written two studies on equalization for the Ontario Chamber of Commerce , to compare it to the edited version . “ They deliberately set out to make it impossible to interpret anything serious from the study—and they did that , ” said MacKinnon . “ They got rid of the quantitative tables , which allow somebody reasonably quickly to make a judgment on almost all matters of where the money is going to and coming from. ” Indeed , eight tables that detail the health , education , social assistance , and other financial needs of all 10 provinces were removed from the blacked-out report released to the Mowat Centre . Perhaps most significantly , the “ overall expenditure need ” diagram was deleted . This table showed that in an average year from the late 1990s to the early 2000s Ontario needed $ 4.56 billion more than it was getting and Quebec required $ 6.39 billion less to provide the same level of services . “ This study really means that the entire system of regional subsidies is nonsense , ” said MacKinnon . “ It shows that everything the federal government has been saying to the public for the 50 years or so that they 've been doing this ( equalization ) is misleading. ” MacKinnon said they doubted partisan politics played any part in censoring a report commissioned by a Liberal government and locked down once Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's Conservatives were in power . “ Governments of all political stripes would do the redaction . It 's deer in the highlights . The federal government has never looked at expenditure need . Even more seriously , it 's never examined economic impact ( of equalization ) so they do n't know what this system is doing. ” Therefore , this has led to a situation where “ citizens with the least access to provincial programming are required to generously subsidize citizens in other provinces with much more access. ” Ottawa now limits increases in equalization to the rate of growth in the economy and Ontario , which has a $ 16 billion deficit , is considered a “ have-not ” province and thus receives $ 3.26 billion from the program . That 's less than half of Quebec 's $ 7.30 billion subsidies . But Premier Dalton McGuinty argues Ontarians are just being paid with their own money — and considerably less than the billions they fork over to Ottawa to redistribute elsewhere . “ For decades , equalization and other regional subsidies have been described as the glue that holds Canada together , ” said MacKinnon . “ This pillar of the Canadian federalism is . . . standing on quicksand . It is probably doing fundamental damage to productivity and our prospects for competitiveness in the 21st century , an outcome that would be avoided if regional subsidies could be based on actual need in each province as well as the tax and revenue calculations presently being used . ”
Read more about :
U.S. Offshore Wind Energy Area Would Nearly Double Under New Plan
Enlarge this image toggle caption Julia Cumes/AP Julia Cumes/AP
A large swath of the Atlantic Ocean could soon be used to generate electricity , as a U.S. agency proposes opening more than 1,000 square miles of ocean to wind energy projects . The area is off the coast of Massachusetts , which has been working on the proposal with federal officials .
The area under consideration is near the region where parcels for offshore wind farms were auctioned off last year , in what one U.S. official called `` a really historic moment in the clean energy future of this country . ''
The U.S. Department of the Interior says the new Massachusetts Wind Energy Area would be auctioned off in four leases . The agency 's proposal begins a 60-day public comment period that will end on August 18 .
From Boston , Asma Khalid of member station WBUR reports :
`` The proposed area is the largest offshore wind zone in federal water . It 's more than 742,000 acres — roughly the size of Rhode Island . Interior Secretary Sally Jewell says the Atlantic coast of Massachusetts is prime offshore wind property. `` 'We think there is high potential and high interest , and relatively low conflict in the areas that we picked , ' they say . `` That conflict refers to the countless hurdles offshore wind turbines have hit , including objections from commercial fishermen and residents . `` The proposed area is roughly 12 miles off the coast of Martha 's Vineyard . It has the potential to nearly double the federal offshore wind area currently available for development . ''
The Department of the Interior 's announcement includes instructions for submitting comments , saying they can be sent to the federal regulations website .
Changing Woman Inititiatve
When New Mexico-based midwife Nicolle Gonzales helps Native American women deliver their babies , they find many turn to traditional ceremonial practices that have existed for thousands of years .
But they find they only perform them in the privacy of their own homes , not in the hospital , in front of others .
`` They do n't feel comfortable doing those things in the hospital , '' Gonzales -- who is themselves Navajo , or Dine ' -- told The Huffington Post . `` I [ encourage ] them to burn sage , to help cleanse the space ... but that 's a whole process of getting permission . '' The same goes for drumming sessions , or the mother 's blessing way , a sacred ceremony used by Navajo women right before labor , to help reaffirm everything will go well , Gonzales explains .
It is precisely that sense -- that there is no room within modern obstetrical care for a culture of birthing that has existed for generations -- that Gonzales , 35 , hopes to change by establishing the first Native American birth center in the United States in northern New Mexico .
`` At the birth center , you wo n't have to ask anybody for permission , '' said Gonzales , who currently works in a very small private practice and is the only midwife at Los Alamos Medical Center , on-call 24 hours a day , seven days a week . `` You just get to burn sage , or bring your drum and [ play ] while the baby is being born , or bring as many family members as you want to be there ... you do n't get that gatekeeper saying , 'You can only have two people . ' ''
`` Birth in our native communities has always been very community-centered , '' continued Gonzales , who , according to a recent Colorlines article , is one of just 14 Native American certified nurse-midwives in the United States . `` People have roles that have been kind of stripped away as birth has been moved to the hospital and a medical model has been [ adopted ] . ''
But the goal of the the birth center is n't simply cultural ; it 's also to directly tackle many of the health issues that disproportionately affect mothers and mothers-to-be in their community .
For example , Native American women are more likely to receive late prenatal care , and have higher rates of issues like preterm birth and postpartum depression , Gonzales said . The birth center will be holistic , taking into consideration social determinants of health that may otherwise be overlooked , like access to healthy food . One reason why many Native American women in their area do n't get adequate prenatal care , Gonzales said , is that they do n't have cars and simply do n't have a way to get to their appointments .
For now , the birth center is still in the planning and fundraising stage . Gonzales predicts that if all goes according to plan , it will open in three years ' time . There are many issues to consider , both broad ( `` What kind of values is this center going to have ? '' ) and more concrete ( What services are it going to provide , and how will reimbursement work ? ) . The location has not yet been determined ; if the center opens on tribal land , Gonzales will have to navigate a distinct set of laws .
The ultimate mission , however , is never far from their mind : providing Native American women with much-needed education and modern medical support , while also preserving traditional teachings -- two goals they believe can easily co-exist .
`` The Changing Woman [ the name of Gonzales ' health collective ] , in our Navajo culture , they birthed the first set of twins . She 's the ultimate mother in our tribe , so women identify with her , '' they said . `` If you can use a language and a story that women identify with , then they understand the process and are willing to participate in the care more fully versus me being a Western medicine person saying , 'You have to come get your blood pressure checked , and you have to do this . ' ''
Gonzales hopes to enlist the services of Tewa Women United , an inter-tribal nonprofit in New Mexico that runs a community doula program , training Native American women to support mothers throughout labor and delivery process and beyond .
`` Then you have a birth attendant that looks like you and sounds like you , [ and ] is from your community , so you have this trust with them , '' Gonzales said . ( Indeed , studies have shown that community doulas can help boost breastfeeding rates , and improve mothers ' relationships with their babies . )
For Gonzales , it 's all about improving birth outcomes by making room for a sense of culture and community .
`` I often ask women to consult family elders about their own traditional birth practices , as that this connects them to their ancestral legacy , '' they wrote on The Changing Woman Initiative 's Facebook page . `` [ It reminds them ] that pregnancy is not just a medical , physiological process . ''
Nicolle Gonzales Gonzales currently works in private practice , but hopes to help open their own birth center .
Also on HuffPost :
Government says UK Border Force and Royal Navy will work jointly to patrol territorial waters as fears grow of people smugglers using maritime routes
The government plans to increase collaboration between the UK Border Force and the Royal Navy in order to strengthen defences against migrants crossing illegally by sea into the UK , the Home Office has confirmed .
The Border Force has just three vessels operating at any one time in the seas off Britain , but the government intends to enhance joint working between law enforcement agencies and the navy to increase patrolling in territorial waters as part of a long-held plan .
Last weekend 20 people , mostly Albanians , were rescued in the Channel off Kent after their inflatable boats ran into trouble , sparking fears people smugglers may be turning to tactics more often seen in the eastern Mediterranean to get migrants into the UK . Last month , 17 Albanian migrants were picked up in Chichester marina in West Sussex , having crossed the Channel in a catamaran .
However , a Ministry of Defence spokesperson strongly denied a report in the Sunday Times that it had already been asked to help defend the Channel and that navy planners are considering supplying offshore raiding craft manned by Royal Marines and a River class patrol ship .
“ There is currently no request for military support in the English Channel , ” they said .
The Home Office also declined to comment on what it called “ speculation about specific measures ” , but it highlighted last year 's strategic defence and spending review that included a plan to boost collaborative efforts between law enforcement and the military .
It said that the November review outlined its intention to enhance joint working between law enforcement agencies and the Royal Navy to increase patrolling in our territorial waters .
Any decision to use military craft to counteract illegal migration by boat would almost certainly have to be taken at ministerial level and would mark a significant change in the UK 's approach to patrolling maritime migrant movements . That is currently handled exclusively by the civilian Border Force using a combination of cutter ships , radar , onshore assets and aerial surveillance to detect and stop small craft attempting clandestine entry . Its boats do not patrol routinely , but are deployed on intelligence-led operations . In April , the home secretary , Theresa May , announced a cut in the Border Force 's budget .
Despite widespread press coverage of confirmed and suspected migrant boat landings on the south coast , it remains unclear exactly how extensive the phenomenon is and how much help is needed .
One of the Border Force 's cutter ships is currently operating in the Aegean sea between Greece and Turkey and the agency is waiting for the arrival of a fleet of new 20-metre patrol vessels to strengthen operations in the seas off the UK against people smugglers , gun runners and drug gangs . The first of the vessels , which are designed to be more nimble than the cutters , is due to come into operation this summer , with the rest in use by the end of 2017 .
I am not a medical doctor . What follows is my personal story dealing with sinusitis and what I have found that helps me . Please , always consult your doctor before trying anything I write about .
I am a sniffer . I have always sniffed because my nose has always been stuffed . When I think back to my earliest memories they are filled with me sniffing . It used to drive my mother crazy . I remember a time my brother was talking to one of my girlfriends and they 're asking her , ‘ How can you stand their constant sniffing ? '
I never looked into curing my sniffing because it was something that had plagued me all of my life . I did n't know that there was any other way to handle it . If it was such a bother to everyone , how come my folks never took me to see a doctor about it ? I felt like it was my fault , like a birth defect and not a medical issue . It really is a wonder that I ever had girlfriends or even got married .
A couple of years ago at my wife 's request , I went to see a doctor for my sniffing . I was quickly refereed to an allergist who did several allergy tests on me . All of which came back negative . The doctor ended up diagnosing me with chronic sinusitis and put me on a three month supply of a nasal steroid .
After a few days of snorting this steroid , I could breathe through my nose like a normal person ! It was weird too ! I have spent most of my life sniffing that now , with nothing blocking my air way , every breath I took required a fraction of the energy it used to . Breathing became effortless for the first time in my life . This changed everything .
After three months , I ran out of the steroid . A month after that I started sniffing again . Not a lot at first , but eventually I went back to sniffing all the time . I went back to my doctor who this time sent me to an ear , nose and throat doctor . I was told by this new doctor that what the allergist did the right thing by putting me on the steroid nasal spray . The only thing wrong was that the allergist should have told me I was going to require the steroid for the rest of my life .
I gave the ear , nose and throat doctor a dumb founded look . One that said you expect me to snort a steroid into my head for the rest of my life ? The doctor could see the concern on my face and said , “ I have the same thing you have and I have been taking this steroid for the last six years . It is perfectly safe . ”
“ Uh Huh. ” I responded doubtfully . You would have too if you had seen this guy .
They wrote me a prescription for the nasal steroid and as they were doing so they said , “ There is also surgery . We can go in there and clean out you sinuses . But I ca n't promise you that it wont come back . Most patients relapse . ”
That option did not sound good to me either . The doctor had no other options for me and did n't think there was anyone else in town I could speak with about this . They actually seemed insulted that I would question their course of treatment . I left their office feeling disappointed and threw away the prescription before I even exited the building .
The next day , I called my mother to tell them what had happened . After they heard the story they asked me to give them some time to research some herb options . After a couple of days they called back and told me to start taking Echinacea and Goldenseal along with Sage . The Echinacea with Goldenseal is supposed to fight off the infection in my sinuses and the Sage is supposed to clear out my sinuses so that the Echinacea can do it 's job better .
So I gave it a shot . After a couple of days I could breath again ! Just as good , if not better , as when I was on the nasal steroid . I was thrilled and I have been on these herbs ever since .
From what I have discovered it is possible that this herb combination could cure my sinusitis after a long while . I do n't know if I am going to be that lucky . For now I am just happy that I no longer sniff and I do n't have to take any steroids .
Share this : Tumblr
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Reddit
Print
More
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Google
Related posts : Not Fixing My Arrhythmia
Image copyright Michael Margulis Image caption The blind mole rat is well adapted to the lack of light and oxygen and other difficulties that arise from its solitary , underground lifestyle
Scientists have sequenced the genome of the blind mole rat , a mammal that digs with its teeth , has skin over its eyes and lives for more than 20 years .
Its underground lifestyle means coping with no light , very little oxygen and an awful lot of dirt .
It is also resistant to cancer , like its distant cousin the naked mole rat .
The new work , published in the journal Nature Communications , will help unpick those secrets and the wider adaptation of animals to difficult environments .
Among the results were what the researchers believe are the genetic signatures of the mole rat 's complete loss of vision and its impressive tolerance of low oxygen ( or `` hypoxia '' ) .
They also discovered how its special cancer-fighting mechanism might have evolved .
One of the study 's lead authors , Prof Eviatar Nevo from the University of Haifa in Israel , has studied blind mole rats for more than 50 years . In all of that time , a spontaneous tumour has never been discovered .
Even when treated with carcinogenic chemicals , these remarkable rodents were incredibly resistant to cancer .
Evolutionary trade-off
When you have the whole genome , you can more efficiently use the species as a model - for cancer resistance , or adaptation to hypoxia , or other medical challenges Dr Denis Larkin , Royal Veterinary College
Most animals rely on cells detecting a cancerous malfunction and shutting themselves down ( programmed cell death or `` apoptosis '' ) , but the blind mole rat 's immune system attacks tumours and causes `` necrosis '' instead . The new study reports that genes involved in this immune defence have been favoured by evolution , and some have been expanded or duplicated .
All this may have happened because one of the key mediators of the normal cell-shutdown defence , a protein called p53 , is mutated in the mole rats as part of their adaptation to low oxygen .
The mole rat spends its entire life under the ground , where oxygen is scarce . In other animals this would send p53 into overdrive .
`` When there is low oxygen , in other species , [ normal p53 ] would mean that some cells would die from apoptosis - but not in blind mole rats , because that would be a disaster , '' said Dr Denis Larkin from the Royal Veterinary College in London , one of the study 's authors .
So the mole rats have evolved a unique trade-off , weakening p53 and boosting the immune system 's necrotic defence , which `` the cancer does n't know how to deal with , '' Dr Larkin told BBC News .
The genome study was carried out by a large team of researchers that also spanned China , Israel , the US and Denmark . Dr Larkin was involved in piecing together the evolution of the animal 's chromosomes , having done similar work on other genomes ranging from the pig to the yak .
They told the BBC the findings would shift the blind mole rat to `` a new level '' in the research community . `` When you have the whole genome ... you can more efficiently use the species as a model - for cancer resistance , or adaptation to hypoxia , or other medical challenges . ''
Image copyright FRANS LANTING , MINT IMAGES / SPL Image caption The naked mole rat , also studied for its cancer resistance , is a distant relative of the blind mole rat
Dr Philippa Brice , from the genomics think-tank PHG Foundation at the University of Cambridge , told BBC News the mole rats and their `` really unusual lifestyle '' had already been valuable to scientists studying cancer resistance . They agreed that the genome sequence would mean more rapid progress .
`` Now that their complete genome is available , it will make it much easier to probe their unique genetic features , with potential applications for human medical research , '' Dr Brice said .
The blind mole rat ( the newly sequenced species is Spalax galili ) is only distantly related to the naked mole rat ( Heterocephalus glaber ) , another unusual , subterranean critter with remarkable cancer resistance .
Their evolutionary histories diverged over 70 million years ago , according to calculations in the new study , and the two mole rats adapted completely separately to life underground .
In fact , the furry-but-blind Spalax is a closer cousin to the common house mouse than to the `` sabre-toothed sausage '' lookalike Heterocephalus .
Shoot the criminals while in the act .
This was the call of Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez on Wednesday bristling at the brewing opposition in the House of Representatives against the proposed reimposition of death penalty .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a press conference , Alvarez expressed frustration at calls to block the death penalty bill in the lower House but critical of the spate of extrajudicial killings .
Alvarez said the death penalty reimposition would pave the way for a system in killing convicted criminals , instead of being summary killed by hired gunmen .
The administration 's brutal war on drugs has left over 4,500 people killed vigilante style , while another 2,500 alleged drug offenders were killed by the police allegedly for resisting arrest .
“ Kung kayo tanungin ko , anong gusto niyo ? May death penalty na mayroong proseso , o patayin na lang diyan yung criminal ? ” Alvarez said .
( If I were to ask you , what would you all prefer ? Death penalty with a process or just kill the criminal on sight ? )
Alvarez cited the arrest of Cebu 's “ savage girl ” Liezyl Margallo and their live-in partner Australian Peter Scully , who both operated a cyberpornography ring of torturing and abusing street children and capturing them performing sexual acts in video .
The police have dubbed the operation one of the worst cases of child pornography , with one 12-year-old killed . A video obtained by the police showed a one-year-old hung upside down while candle wax is being dripped on their private parts .
“ Napanood niyo ba yung pedophile ? Kung kayo ba , gusto niyo bang buhayin ang ganung klaseng tao ? Pati one year old , inabuso , ” Alvarez said .
( Have you watched the news about the pedophile ? If you were in that situation , would you have wanted this kind of people alive ? Even though they abused a one-year-old ? )
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Reklamo kayo ng rekalmo ng extrajudicial killing , tapos ito dadaan sa proseso , ayaw niyo pa din . Hindi ko na maintindihan , ” they added .
( They 're always complaining about extrajudicial killings , but the death penalty accords a process , they still reject it . I do not understand anymore . )
Alvarez went on to say that they have no issue about shooting a criminal on sight .
“ Kill na lang yan on sight when you commit a crime . Huwag na pahulihin yan , ” Alvarez said .
( Just kill them while on sight committing a crime . Do n't arrest them anymore . )
Alvarez said law enforcers should not hesitate from killing criminals on sight .
“ Pag may nakita ka na crime , nahuli mo on the act of committing a crime , anong gagawin mo ? Patayin mo na lang yan , ” Alvarez said .
( If you saw someone committing a crime , what would you do ? Just kill them on sight . )
Alvarez said people committing heinous crimes like “ Savage girl ” do not deserve to be accorded due process .
“ May sira na ulo niyan . If you do n't agree with me , sabihin natin—yan ba kayang gawin ng taong matino ? Grabe , walang awa tapos maawa tayo sa kaniya ? ” they said .
( They are crazy . If you do n't agree with me , let 's put it this way—can that crime be committed by a sane person ? They do n't have pity on their victims , and yet we will pity them ? )
Asked categorically if they are justifying the vigilante-style killing of criminals , Alvarez said : “ Tingin ko , oo ( I think so , yes ) that 's my personal view . ”
Alvarez urged the critics of death penalty to put themselves in the shoes of families of the victims of heinous crimes before they oppose the reimposition of capital punishment .
“ Try to feel yung magulang ng mga biktima . It 's easy for us to say due process , huwag mo patayin , it 's easy for us to say dahil hindi sa atin nangyari , ” Alvarez said .
( Try to feel how the families of the victims would have felt . It 's easy for us to say due process , do n't kill them , it 's easy for us to say those , because the heinous crime did not happen to us . )
“ Yung mga nag-o-object , sige nga , mangyari sa buhay nila yan . Tingnan natin kung ayaw pa rin nila ng death penalty , ” they added .
( To those objecting , if that happens to you , let 's see if they would still oppose death penalty . )
Alvarez is a principal author of the bill seeking to reimpose death penalty on heinous crimes , seen to be a priority legislation in the House of Representatives .
The proposed reimposition of capital punishment is set to be sponsored and debated on the floor Wednesday afternoon during session .
The bill seeks to impose death penalty for more than 20 heinous offenses , such as rape with homicide , kidnapping for ransom and arson with death .
Alvarez , President Rodrigo Duterte 's staunch ally in Congress , sought to reimpose death penalty after former President and now Pampanga Rep. Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo abolished capital punishment in 2006 for its failure to deter crime .
Alvarez filed the bill pursuant to President Duterte 's campaign promise of returning capital punishment for heinous criminals .
Alvarez 's bill sought to reimpose the death penalty for heinous crimes listed under Republic Act 7659 , including murder , plunder , rape , kidnapping and serious illegal detention , sale , use and possession of illegal drugs , carnapping with homicide , among others .
Duterte won the elections on a campaign promise to restore the death penalty by hanging , even making a snide remark that the convict 's head should be severed by hanging . Alvarez said Congress would look into the cheapest way for the death penalty , either by firing squad , lethal injection or by hanging . RAM
RELATED STORIES
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
CLARKSBURG – VA staffers at one VA medical center were caught creating secret emergency department clinics to manipulate wait times according to the Office of Special Counsel .
One manager at Louis A Johnson VA Medical Center , located in Clarksburg , WVa , pressured nurses to falsify workload numbers . The fraud involved the creation of secret clinics inside the Emergency Department of the facility 's records system .
Nurses would redirect veterans into the secret clinic database while they waited for health care . The scheme kept the numbers lower effectively creating an illegal wait list that interfered with access to health care and data about the visit .
Wait Time Scheme At Clarksburg VA
According to The Exponent Telegram :
A recent special counsel report asserts that the manager “ attempted to influence nursing staff to place emergency patients in two unofficial clinics , rather than record their emergency department encounter . ”
“ The decision to create these clinics within the emergency department violated VA directives and prevented an accurate analysis of staff workload , ” the report contends . “ It also gave the false impression the primary care clinic had a greater workload and demand for services . ”
Once they were notified , officials at the medical center “ immediately discontinued the practice , developed a process for clinic approvals and educated leadership and staff on the requirements contained in agency directives violated in this matter , ” the Office of Special Counsel asserted .
“ The agency is currently determining how to recoup lost payments , ” the report asserts . “ In addition , the VA counseled the manager responsible for the creation of these improper clinics . ”
Congress Must Think Wait Time Fraud Is A Joke
It is worth repeating that the manager was “ counseled ” for the illegal scheme that violated agency policy and effectively amounts to fraud .
Where is the Civil Rico lawsuit we have all been calling for ? How is it VA continues to engage in active fraud in these wait time scandals ?
[ email protected ] @ DeptVetAffairs blasting about NFL kneelers while doing little to nothing about ongoing VA wait times fraud ... # DoubleStandard Click to Tweet
At the end of the day , no one is being truly punished for harming veterans or at least putting their lives at risk through these schemes . No wonder they persist .
Source : https : //www.theet.com/news/free/louis-a-johnson-va-medical-center-manager-manipulated-data-office/article_a3ceffa0-c812-5b55-8413-604b61ebdf5a.html
Such is the substance of the campus rape “ epidemic , ” as I explained Wednesday ( “ Sticks and Stones May Break My Bones , But George Will 's Column Raped Me ” ) in rejecting the claim that skepticism toward feminist rhetoric is morally equivalent to rape .
Feminism 's hegemonic dominance within elite academia has been achieved because cowards are easily intimidated by intellectual bullying , but George Will refused to play along with that charade . Their reply to a group of Democratic senators is a masterpiece of concision :
Dear Senators Blumenthal , Feinstein , Baldwin and Casey :
I have received your letter of June 12 , and I am puzzled . You say my statistics “ fly in the face of everything we know about this issue. ” You do not mention which statistics , but those I used come from the Obama administration , and from simple arithmetic involving publicly available reports on campus sexual assaults .
The administration asserts that only 12 percent of college sexual assaults are reported . Note well : I did not question this statistic . Rather , I used it .
I cited one of the calculations based on it that Mark Perry of the American Enterprise Institute has performed . . . So , I think your complaint is with the conclusion that arithmetic dictates , based on the administration 's statistic . The inescapable conclusion is that another administration statistic that one in five women is sexually assaulted while in college is insupportable and might call for tempering your rhetoric about “ the scourge of sexual assault . ”
What Will wrote in their original column was this :
The administration 's crucial and contradictory statistics are validated the usual way , by official repetition ; Joe Biden has been heard from . The statistics are : One in five women is sexually assaulted while in college , and only 12 percent of assaults are reported . Simple arithmetic demonstrates that if the 12 percent reporting rate is correct , the 20 percent assault rate is preposterous . Mark Perry of the American Enterprise Institute notes , for example , that in the four years 2009 to 2012 there were 98 reported sexual assaults at Ohio State . That would be 12 percent of 817 total out of a female student population of approximately 28,000 , for a sexual assault rate of approximately 2.9 percent — too high but nowhere near 20 ? percent .
The arithmetic is indeed “ simple , ” and the administration 's claims about the prevalence of sexual assault on campus do n't add up . Even if we accept the claim that only 12 % of sexual assaults are reported , multiplying the number of reported sexual assaults eight-fold still does not yield a number equal to 20 % of female students .
Where did this ginned-up phony rape “ epidemic ” originate ? What is the source of the “ one in five women ” number ? A 2007 Justice Department survey that has been helpfully analyzed by Glenn Kessler of the Washington Post . Anyone familiar with social science methodology can examine the questions asked in that survey and see that the fundamental problem is how the questions were phrased : Respondents were asked about “ unwanted sexual contact ” and even attempted “ unwanted sexual contact. ” In other words , if your boyfriend even tries to do something “ unwanted , ” you 're a victim .
Perhaps the people who designed that survey did not deliberately bias the results in a way that exaggerated the incidence of “ sexual assault. ” Perhaps the researchers did not even think about how their survey might be hijacked for political purposes . Perhaps it is , in some sense , ultimately impossible for researchers to quantify in any definitive way the content of people 's sexual experience .
On the other hand , however , feminists have spent the past four decades trying to convince women that male sexuality is inherently violent and oppressive . ( How many times must I recommend Daphne Patai 's valuable 1998 book Heterophobia : Sexual Harassment and the Future of Feminism as an analysis of this troubling phenomenon ? ) It 's not just deranged radicals — “ PIV is always rape , OK ? ” — who embrace feminism 's demonized view of male sexuality and , when I encounter social science research which appears designed to confirm that view , I am not inclined to accept claims that the methodological flaws of the survey are entirely coincidental . Glenn Kessler comments :
On its Web site , the National Institute of Justice notes . . . that “ researchers have been unable to determine the precise incidence of sexual assault on American campuses because the incidence found depends on how the questions are worded and the context of the survey. ” It said that two parallel surveys of American college women were conducted in 1997 and came up with very different results , with one survey showing rapes were 11 times higher than the percentage in the other survey . The reason appears to be because of how the questions were worded .
If it is a known fact that the wording of survey questions can affect results in this way — multiplying by a factor of 11 the reports of rape — the reliance on such surveys to generate statistics that are clearly inflated can not be accepted as a mere coincidence . The conclusion of George Will 's reply to the Democrat senators :
I think I take sexual assault much more seriously than you do . Which is why I worry about definitions of that category of crime that might , by their breadth , tend to trivialize it . And why I think sexual assault is a felony that should be dealt with by the criminal justice system , and not be adjudicated by improvised campus processes .
This is the real crux of the problem : University officials have insisted on treating accusations of sexual assault as disciplinary infractions rather than as matters of criminal justice . Why ? Because the vast majority of such accusations involve “ he said/she said ” situations where a felony conviction would almost certainly be impossible .
The Brown University case of Dan Kopin and Lena Sclove may not be typical , but it demonstrates the fundamental problem . No one wishes to minimize the seriousness of sexual assault , but when such an incident is cited as evidence of universities tolerating “ brutal rape ” on campus , we 've gone through the looking glass into an alternative reality where words have no fixed meaning .
“ When I use a word , ” Humpty Dumpty said , in rather a scornful tone , “ it means just what I choose it to mean — neither more nor less . ”
“ The question is , ” said Alice , “ whether you can make words mean so many different things . ”
“ The question is , ” said Humpty Dumpty , “ which is to be master — that 's all . ”
Share this : Share
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Comments
Officially , the A400M is in New Zealand for the Royal New Zealand Air Force ( RNZAF ) 80th anniversary celebrations , but a sales pitch is well underway .
The British Royal Air Force ( RAF ) plane touched down in Wellington on Thursday afternoon , conducting short flights for defence VIPs and the media on Friday morning , before heading to Ohakea for the 2017 Air Tattoo .
Wing Commander Simon Boyle , part of a crew which flew the plane to Wellington via Iceland , the United States and Fiji said they were `` delighted '' to visit New Zealand , a `` key partner '' for the RAF .
MONIQUE FORD / Stuff.co.nz Taking a ride in an Airbus A400M was one hell of a ride .
But a major factor in the trip is a bid by manufacturer Airbus to convince Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee to consider the aircraft as a potential replacement of the C130 Hercules .
READ MORE :
* Defence Force could spend $ 600m on two new planes
* Weighing up the alternatives to NZ 's Hercules fleet
Already more than 50 years old , the 2016 defence white paper said the Hercules would need to be replaced by about 2020 .
MONIQUE FORD / FAIRFAX NZ A Royal Air Force Airbus A400M at Wellington Airport . The plane will travel to the Ohakea to celebrate the 80th anniversary of the Royal New Zealand Air Force but visited the capital as part of Airbus ' bid to convince the Government to consider the planes as a possible replacement for the aging C-130 Hercules .
More than a year before the paper was released , Airbus began running newspaper advertisements promoting the A400M capabilities .
At 45.1m long it is almost 50 per cent longer than the Hercules , the aircraft can carry four times as much cargo , including the ability to carry the NH90 helicopter in its hold .
The first fixed-wing aircraft developed by Airbus , the four turboprop engines are capable of flying as low as 150 feet off the ground , while it is also capable of speeds close to jet engines at 40,000 feet .
MONIQUE FORD / FAIRFAX NZ The Airbus A400M flies low over Wellington Airport
`` Given my experience of the aircraft and the kind of mission sets that we hope to deploy the aircraft for , and the kind of mission set that you will need the aircraft for , I can see it performing very well , '' Boyle told media at the RNZAF facility at Rongotai .
But the plane , developed by a consortium of European countries , comes with a hefty pricetag of $ 230 million each .
While Airbus could reportedly offer a discount in a bid to attract a new customer , analysts have suggested the Brazilian Embraer KC-390 , at around half the price of the A400M , is the frontrunner .
MONIQUE FORD / FAIRFAX NZ As well as being able to fly at close to the speed of a jet at 40,000 feet , Airbus says the A400M can fly at just 150 feet above the ground .
A spokesperson for Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee confirmed they did not see the A400M in Wellington but would `` probably '' see it at Ohakea during the tattoo .
Options to replace the Hercules would be considered when appropriate .
`` [ The New Zealand Defence Force ] and [ Ministry of Defence ] are currently working through the process of determining what requirements are needed for the Future Air Mobility Project and what assets could provide those requirements . ''
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com .
The Democrat Party , its Media serfs , and Social Justice Incorporated are all outraged because we uppity normals are again presuming to rule ourselves , and their agony is delightful . Less delightful is how , in the process of trying to claw their way back into power , they are incinerating the norms and rules that preserve our political order . That stuff Hillary babbled about honoring the legitimacy of elections ? Yeah , no . There 's an invisible asterisk only liberals can see that explains that the norms and rules are void when liberals lose .
So , where does this crisis end ?
We know where the leftists want it to end , with us silenced and subservient forever , toiling to pay taxes for them to redistribute to their clients as they pick at , poke at and torment us . You look at the things Trump stands for and all of them are about lifting the yoke off of us – cutting taxes , slashing regulations , guaranteeing the Second Amendment , protecting our religious liberty , and safeguarding us from terrorists and illegals . But everything liberals want , everything Hillary ran on , is about clamping the yoke ever tighter around our necks – raising taxes , issuing more regulations , disarming us , limiting our religious freedom , and putting us at risk from terrorists and alien criminals . The whole leftist platform is about putting us down and keeping us down .
Think what they will do if they take power again .
They are certainly not going to risk us ever being able to repeat November 's rejection . California 's decline lays out their tyrannical road map . When the Democrats took power here , they “ reformed ” the election laws to lock-in their party , co-opted the “ nonpartisan ” redistricting process , and changed the ballot initiative system to make sure we will never see another unapproved proposition . They ensured there is no way to stop illegal aliens from voting because they want illegal aliens voting .
But even that 's not enough . The state government chose to allow its unofficial catspaws to intimidate and beat dissenters at UC Berkeley . California 's governing class wanted the thugs to prevail ; it was a lesson to its opponents . I thought my novel People 's Republic , about post-freedom California , was an action thriller , not the first draft of a future history .
I was wrong .
Do you think Hillary Clinton or whatever aspiring Hugo Chavez they offer up next is going to protect us from violent leftist thugs , or encourage them ? Remember how Obama weaponized agencies like the IRS against conservatives ? Multiply that by a thousand . Think about the “ hate speech ” rules used to silence conservatives on campus ; imagine them as federal law . That 's coming , just like in Europe – it 's now a crime in France to speak out against abortion . Do you imagine leftists do n't dream of doing that ? No , once back in power they will ensure we will never be able to challenge their rule . One man ( or woman or other ) , one vote , one more time , then never again .
How will they do it ?
This massive resistance campaign against everything Donald Trump has done and a lot they have n't done is one way . The media 's liberal advocacy and tsunami of fake news is another ; the press is now just one more partisan political player campaigning to restore the establishment to power . These same liars who fantasize about Trump silencing critics will cheer as the next Democrat commandante does it for real . Remember how they said nothing when Democrats voted to repeal the First Amendment so Congress could control speech during elections ?
And they think they 're winning .
Sally Kohn , a CNN commentator perfectly personifies the left 's combination of utter cluelessness and utter certainty in its own moral superiority . Drawing from their bottomless well of stupidity , they recently became infamous for wishcasting about what happens “ [ s ] traight forward from here. ” Them scenario starts with Step 1 ( “ Impeach Trump & Pence ” ) and ends with Step 6 ( “ President Hillary ” ) , thanks to a Constitutional process they created themselves by blending ignorance , fascism , and wanting .
Sally , however , overlooked Step 2.5 , where several dozen million Americans defend the Constitution by taking out their black rifles and saying , “ Oh , hell no. ” I assume the patriots determined to protect the Union would be confronted , for a short and awkward time , by a pro-coup hipster army locked and loaded with vinyl LPs , participation trophies and unearned self-regard .
There 's no reason not to believe that for these seditious Democrats , the second time will be the charm .
But this amusing idiocy highlights a much more frightening possibility . Dennis Prager has written that America is locked in a Second Civil War already , albeit a cold one . And in light of the absolute rejection by the left of any legitimacy of the grievances , the interests , or the right to participate in governing this country of the tens of millions of red Americans , it 's reasonable to wonder how this can end peacefully . You see read it on social media , you hear it whispered . Are the wounds to our body politic so deep they ca n't be healed ?
I recently polled people on Twitter about what they thought of the chances of serious violence in the coming four years , and the results from 6,159 people are alarming . “ Stop being a nut ” got 10 % ; I was hoping it would get about 95 % . “ We 'll wise up ” and find a way out of this crisis , got 13 % . But “ 50/50 leftists may try violence ” got a stunning 41 % , while “ It 's coming . Gear up ” got a terrifying 36 % .
So , 77 % of the respondents fear serious violence during Trump 's first term . That 's scary , especially since political warfare is not unprecedented in history . Forget Bleeding Kansas . Just reflect on the low-grade insurgency the American left undertook in the 1970s , with more bloodshed than most people remember , and consider how today the left has significantly more cultural , institutional and media support . The reality is that there is the potential for this to get out of control , way out of control , especially considering the likelihood that leftist violence would be met in kind . That 77 % indicates that the red side is , as the left loves to say , “ woke ” to the threat . And the red people have the guns and training , should things degenerate into serious chaos .
Basically , this country is a powder keg , and leftist fools who do not understand the danger are figuratively standing around it , firing up their bongs .
Now , understand that leftist liars will meet this column with the slander that I ( and by extension , you ) hope for violence . Skim down the comments and check out the idiots no doubt infesting my Twitter feed – you 'll see plenty of such lies . Actually , this is yet another of my several pleas for sanity and peace ( including in my book 's preface ) . But the left 's favorite tactic is to deny substantive truth in favor of narrative ; what I ( and you ) actually believe is irrelevant . This infuriating tactic makes reasoned discussion and argument impossible anymore , which itself makes violence more likely since it forecloses the primary method of peacefully resolving disagreements . If you ca n't argue , if you ca n't even speak , there 's only one way to be heard .
The left 's combination of evil and stupidity is the driver straightforward from here . With the grim understanding that they hate us , we need to accept that there may be no easy return to peaceful coexistence . Our goal in electing Donald Trump was to remove the left 's hand from our throat , not to put our hand around blue peoples ' collective windpipe . We do n't care how they live their lives , but leftists care very much how we live ours . Their goal is to lock both hands around our throat and squeeze until we submit to leftist tyranny or die .
It 's hard to see how we compromise . Do we just somewhat submit , or only die a little ?
This crisis has to culminate somehow . It could end peacefully , with a return to the old norms and reasoned competition between ideas . But it seems no one is interested in that ; instead , one side has to win decisively , and one side has to lose decisively . If so , I say we win and they lose , since I 'm not ready to submit or to die .
How about you ?
LITTLE ROCK , Ark . ( KTHV ) - Police are cracking down on prostitution in Little Rock with two prostitution stings in two months .
The first , February 6 at Massage Lilly on Chenal Parkway ; that business is now permanently closed . The second , March 16 at Garden Home Spa Massage downtown on Ferry Street .
In both cases an undercover officer went into the business for a massage . The woman performing the massage offered to engage sexual activity with the officer .
Officer Moore said the suspects in both cases are from out of state , “ both of the suspects taken into custody were from New York or have New York addresses . ”
The owner of Garden Home Spa massage released this statement saying , “ this act was committed behind our back without our knowledge and they were immediately terminated . ”
They also stated , “ she was informed when they arrived that any type of sexual behavior while giving a massage at our premises was strictly not allowed . ”
Police do not believe these arrests are linked to human trafficking but they 're still investigating .
The Garden Home Spa Massage business is still open for business . Police said they have a license so they can stay open and it 's up to the massage board to close the Spa down .
SPOKANE , Wash. - Snow is on the way and while the city works to perfect its snow plow plan , it 's asking residents to prepare for new parking changes .
The city is asking drivers to restrict their parking to one side of the street during the entire plowing season .
`` Make it a habit , park on the odd side of the street all winter long , and you know that you 're going to get the best plow in your neighborhood that you can , '' said Marlene Feist with the Spokane Public Works Department .
From November 15 to March 15 , the city is asking driver to try not parking on the even side of the street . That includes neighborhoods with tight streets like Browne 's Addition .
`` This is a collaboration with our citizens . We 're asking our citizens to help us get them where they need to go more effectively , '' Feist said .
The city says a big part of their plan is to get into residential neighborhoods to plow sooner and more often . With cars only parked on the odd side of the street , a plow can be ready to go through a neighborhood at any time .
However , the idea is n't sitting well with some . Andrew Porter was raking leaves Tuesday when they learned of the new parking plans , and was n't to keen on the idea .
`` That 's just very inconvenient . Every time you come out of your house to go to work , you 'll have to walk all the way across the street to scrape ice and do all the things you need to do , '' Porter said .
Porter says they think the city should put more faith in its citizens .
`` People are smart enough to know when they need to move their car . They 'll just jump in their car and move it right over and let the plow go through , '' they said .
But the city says this idea actually came from complaints they have received in previous years . It says many people have complained that parking during plowing is too complicated and needed to be simplified .
The city is now asking people to attempt to make parking on the odd side of the street a habit starting November 12 . The city also promises it wo n't be trying to tow people away .
The city says it 's also planning on trying some new , smaller equipment in those tight neighborhoods like Browne 's Addition . Browne 's will also no longer be the last neighborhood to be plowed during each snow event .
And if needed , the equipment is ready to go out this weekend .
`` Everybody 's been out , they 've tried the equipment , we 've tuned it all up , all the plow blades are on the vehicles . So yeah , we 're ready for this weekend , '' Feist said .
DCnU Young Heroes & Teams Titles
[ DCnU Revamp Index Page : ALL the News , Images , Interviews and Columns ]
When the new cover image for the upcominghit the internet , the thing that stuck out most was not only the characters that would make up this group , but also the change to their costumes .
In fact , among DC 's 52 new # 1 issues in September , Teen Titans has some of the most drastic changes in its new costume designs .
DC had already announced that Jim Lee was redesigning the costumes for the DCnU , so fans had expected to see some new looks . In Teen Titans , which will launch in September with writer Scott Lobdell and penciler Brett Booth , the looks got quite a reaction .
To find out more about the new costumes on Teen Titans and who these new characters are , Newsarama talked to Booth .
Newsarama : First of all , as an artist , I imagine your starting point is what input you '' re given from DC Editorial and your writer Scott Lobdell on what they want to achieve with the looks of this team and these characters ?
Brett Booth : The initial designs I did were for the newer characters : the Charcoal Girl , and who we 're calling Bugg right now . I was sort of told they wanted the new designs to be different . Their silhouettes needed to be different from the standard guy or gal in tights . So I took that to heart .
Nrama : Can you take fans into the process of how you were first approached about this version of Teen Titans , and what input you got from Scott and DC to inform your approach to the redesigns ?
Booth : Let 's see . I talked with Scott a bunch . Our battles were epic ! Scott wanted really different , and so I went about attempting to do that . DC was really open about what we turned in . I have a feeling we could
have done any of the number of costume designs we did . And we did a lot . We even brought Jim [ Lee ] and Cully Hamner in to help with the Kid Flash and Wonder Girls designs .
Nrama : Is there a particular overarching theme or idea that influenced all of the designs ? Or were you given ideas and notes about each individually ?
Booth : Each character sort of evolved on its own . We had toyed with the idea of matching outfits but quickly abandoned that . There was a lot of back and forth about everything .
Nrama : How much back and forth was there between everyone before you came up with the final designs and was there anything particularly interesting or memorable about the process ?
Booth : Wonder Girl had me , Jim , Cully , Scott , Bobbie [ Chase ] and Bob [ Harras ] going back and forth . That was the toughest one . I think I did like 8 or 9 designs or variations on them Cully did three or four and Jim did two . We then decided to just keep them in regular clothes for a bit to get a feel for the character , so we concentrated on their bracelets and lasso .
Nrama : Can you maybe walk through each character and tell what you were hoping to achieve with each and what stands out for you as either the trickiest or your favorite part of the redesign ? Let 's start with Red Robin ? I think fans certainly want to know how the wings came to be and why ? And what do they do ?
Booth : Scott wanted wings ; they wanted the character to actually not get left behind all the time . I did a few designs up , more Hawkman-like , but with the cowl they looked like .. well ... Hawkman . So then I got the idea
of a cape with notches cut out so it would look like feathers in a silhouette . But I was told , `` No capes ! '' So I toyed around with the ones they have now . They are sort of both cape and wings . They can be both hard and flexible when needed . I do n't want to give too much away .
The wings are more for gliding . They have some small jets on their back that can give them short bursts of power . They can become rigid and deflect bullets if needed — a Batman family staple .
Nrama : Superboy ?
Booth : This was really Scott and I just wanting them to be Superboy , since he 's not into spandex , The gloves are a nod to their 90 's outfit . The `` S '' on their back is a joke — Bart put it there because on the original , they did n't
have the tattoo on that side , so it was ambiguous who it was . He 's just wearing a muscle shirt and some pants and boots . Just not the traditional `` S '' shirt and jeans . I added the tattoo as to their design because of a misread email , but everyone liked it so we kept it . The bar code idea was added a bit later but was genius !
Nrama : Wonder Girl ?
Booth : Once we decided to make Cassie not quite the super nice girl their designs sort of popped up . I was told to make the bracelets different . I wanted to keep their ties to Greece to I sort of made a set , the lasso
is more like thorny vines or barbed wire . It comes out of the armband and basically gets everywhere so they tie it off at their waist . Scott came up with the modified version of an older design I did and the star field , a nod to Donna Troy 's Wonder Girl outfit .
And the shin guards are the only part of Jim 's original design that survived . Bobbie Chase and Katie Kubert liked them so much I kept them on .
Nrama : Kid Flash ?
Booth : This one was interesting , Jim basically took a design I did and reworked it . I frickin ' loved it . But it was a bit older looking , something an older more adult superhero would wear , so Cully came in and modified the headpiece a bit to look more like Kid Flash .
Nrama : The new characters ? What can you tell us about then ?
Booth : The Bugg girl was originally supposed to be more tech , but I do like organic , so I drew sort of an exo-skeleton . Everyone seemed to like it so we kept it . She 's got extra legs and arms they can retract to look more
human . She 's in issue # 2 .
The other one is still under wraps for now . But when Scott mentioned to me what they wanted , I knew exactly what I was going to do . I sort of modified the smoke hair a bit for this image .
Nrama : Anything else you can tell us about designs and characters fans will see in # 1 and beyond ?
Booth : Bart and Conner have different outfits in issue # 1 than these . There are Easter eggs here and there in the first issue so look for them !
Nrama : How do you go about “ researching ” or finding influences for the way teens dress today , that you think will resonate and feel true to this generation ?
Booth : Google helps out . Plus Scott and I have n't completely forgotten what it was like to be a teen . But TV and movies help . I might have to suffer through some horrible , horrible things , but I will do it , especially if I ca n't find the remote .
Nrama : Have you seen the reaction to these costumes from fans ?
Booth : I 've only seen a bit , but man people can be nasty . Most has been positive , so thank you . I think we might have gone a bit farther out there than some of the other books , but the story is strong and fun and not the Teen Titans norm , so I 'm hoping the art is up to snuff . But I 'm sure I 'll have my detractors .
Nrama : Then to finish up is there anything else you want to tell fans about the image they 've seen of the new costumes in Teen Titans ?
Booth : I just want to give a shout out to my partners in crime on the art side , Norm [ Rapmund ] and Andrew [ Dalhouse ] . And note this was originally just a promo piece for a meeting so it has n't been inked and Andrew colored this up with blazing speed so this is sort of a rough piece for us .
Visit Newsarama on FACEBOOK and TWITTER and tell us what you think !
Maryland Democratic lawmakers say they will propose a bill to provide increased , dedicated funding for Metro without raising taxes , and their plan drew an initial , supportive response from Gov . Larry Hogan ( R ) .
The initiative means that both the Maryland and Virginia General Assemblies will consider major legislation early next year to help the transit system , a development Metro General Manager Paul J. Wiedefeld called `` extremely positive . ''
The Maryland bill — co-sponsored by Dels . Marc Korman ( D-Montgomery ) and Erek Barron ( D-Pr . George 's ) , and Sen. Brian Feldman ( D-Montgomery ) — would commit Maryland to raise its annual contribution to Metro permanently by $ 125 million a year if certain conditions are met .
Hogan spokesperson Amelia Chasse said the administration will `` reserve final judgment . '' But they added that the proposal `` appears to be very similar '' to a four-year Metro funding plan Hogan released in September .
That `` is certainly a positive development , '' Chasse said .
The Democratic bill provides for Maryland to increase its subsidy to Metro providing that Virginia and the District do the same , whereas Hogan wants the federal government to contribute as well .
The Maryland lawmakers made public their plan after Virginia 's outgoing governor , Democrat Terry McAuliffe , unveiled legislation Monday to raise three taxes in Northern Virginia to help give Metro $ 150 million a year of the earmarked , permanent funding it says it needs .
The Maryland and Virginia bills both face obstacles , especially from Republican legislators in Virginia . They are insisting that Metro carry out rigorous reforms to restrain expenses and improve financial management before giving the system additional money .
But Wiedefeld welcomed the new developments and contrasted today 's active debate over Metro with the lack of interest a year ago .
[ Gov . Terry McAuliffe proposes higher taxes in Northern Virginia to support Metro . ]
`` We have to step back a bit and think where we were last year , '' Wiedefeld said in an interview . `` The fact that we 're talking about what 's happening in Richmond and Annapolis for Metro , I think , is huge . All these things , in my estimation , are pointing in the right direction to get us to where the region needs to be for the system to support the [ area 's ] economy . ''
Metro is the nation 's only major transit system that does not receive significant revenue through a tax or other earmarked source . That means it has to seek subsidies every year from multiple jurisdictions , which makes it difficult to make long-term plans . Wiedefeld and others have said it needs an extra $ 500 million a year in dedicated funding to ensure safety and reliability .
In an apparent swipe at the District , Wiedefeld stressed that Maryland and Virginia should be allowed to come up with their own ways to give Metro dedicated funding .
That approach contrasts with the position taken by the District , which has pushed strongly for a uniform , regionwide sales tax or similar levy .
`` Every jurisdiction needs to respect the others , '' Wiedefeld said . `` Virginia and Maryland have made very clear they need to work through their own politics , their own strategy for how they 're going to come up with their dedicated funding . ''
[ In reversal , Hogan offers $ 500 million extra for Metro if Virginia , D.C. and feds match it . ]
The Maryland Democrats ' bill provides first that the state continue its current contributions to Metro 's capital budget , which pays for investments . Then it calls for diverting an additional $ 125 million per year from the state transportation trust fund to Metro , providing that the District and Virginia commit to providing the same amount .
The plan would not require tax increases because the money would flow from the trust fund . It would reduce money available for road and bridge construction , which has been a concern of the Hogan administration in the past .
The Democrats ' proposal is similar to Hogan 's September plan in that it calls for Maryland , the District and Virginia each to increase their contributions by $ 125 million a year ,
One difference is that the Democrats ' plan would make those annual contributions permanent , whereas Hogan would pledge them for four years . But Chasse , Hogan 's spokesperson , said the governor is `` not against expanding the time frame for this funding . ''
On the other hand , Chasse said , Hogan continues to insist that the federal government increase its commitment .
Hogan `` stands by the conditions they originally laid out requiring Virginia , the District of Columbia and the federal government to all commit to equal investments . Metro 's future can not be secured unless all partners are equally committed , '' Chasse said .
To improve oversight of Metro , the Democrats ' bill would require that the state transportation secretary or another official from the department serve as one of Maryland 's two voting members on the Metro board . The legislation also would strengthen the agency 's inspector general .
`` There will be an even more significant financial contribution from Maryland , and that needs to be watched very closely , '' said Korman , who described the plan when asked by a reporter whether Maryland would consider legislation similar to that proposed in Virginia .
`` I think it 's great that Virginia has started to move forward , and it 's time for Maryland to do the same , '' said Korman , who helps lead a group of Annapolis lawmakers focused on Metro issues .
[ Top Virginia Republican would help Metro only with rigorous reforms on labor costs , safety . ]
In Virginia , McAuliffe 's plan drew a negative response from Del . Tim Hugo ( R-Fairfax ) , chair of the GOP caucus in the Virginia House of Delegates . They said Metro should carry out pension , cost and financial management reforms and submit a detailed , long-term business plan before it gets any additional money from taxes .
Metro `` wants the dessert but they do n't want to eat the vegetables , '' Hugo said . `` If you 're going to give them more money , you 've got to do the reforms first . ''
They said McAuliffe had reneged on commitments to require measurable reforms before seeking more funds . The governor instead said Metro would get extra money from Virginia only if it replaced its 16-member board with a five-member `` reform board . '' Such a board might be expected to carry out reforms similar to those recommended by Hugo , but it would not be required to do so .
In another response to the Virginia proposal , D.C. Council member Jack Evans ( D-Ward 2 ) , who also is chair of the Metro board , called the McAuliffe plan `` a good starting point '' but said it was n't raising enough money .
McAuliffe proposed that Virginia raise its contribution by $ 150 million a year because that is 30 percent of Wiedefeld 's request for $ 500 million , and 30 percent is Virginia 's approximate share of Metro 's capital costs under a long-used formula .
But Evans and other District officials believe the formula is unfair to the District , which currently pays the most at 35.7 percent .
`` I applaud the governor for putting forth a plan that is both long-term and produces new revenue , '' Evans said . But they added : `` It 's only $ 150 million . He 's relying on the current formula , in which Virginia pays the least . . . It 's not enough money . ''
Evans also expressed concern that under the proposal , bonds that were issued to raise funds for Metro would have to pay higher interest rates than desired .
That was strongly disputed by Virginia Transportation Secretary Aubrey Layne . They said the Northern Virginia Transportation Authority has succeeded in floating bonds at attractive interest rates using a financing package similar to that recommended in the McAuliffe plan .
TAXPAYERS eligible for up to 50 per cent in tax reductions for laptops could start a mad rush for Apple 's iPad .
The iPad-mania comes as no surprise , with the Boston Consulting Group finding that nearly half of Australian consumers plan to purchase a tablet , or electronic book reader , within the next three years , The Australian reported .
According to the education tax refund guidelines , parents can receive refunds of up to $ 375 per primary school student and $ 750 per secondary school student for desktop computers and laptops , and for repair and running costs .
When it goes on sale in Australia on May 28 , the iPad will start at $ 629 for a 16GB Wi-Fi model , and $ 1049 for the 64GB 3G version .
What Apple called a `` magical and revolutionary product '' would be deemed a laptop , the Australian Taxation Office said .
Analysts expect parents of primary and secondary schoolchildren eligible for the ETR to use the scheme to purchase iPads .
They can also claim the cost of establishing and maintaining home internet connections as well as printers and flash drives .
Software for educational purposes is also covered in the ETR , alongside other applications such as word processors , spreadsheets , databases , internet filters and antivirus software .
Ovum Australia public sector IT research director Kevin Noonan said they expected a rush for the iPad as taxpayers took advantage of the tax concession .
`` This is the best time to buy technology and the government rebate is a good proposition for taxpayers , '' Mr Noonan said .
Apple in Australia began accepting orders for the iPad last Monday , and will fulfil them by the promised May 28 shipment date . But people who submitted orders three days later received a June 7 delivery date .
`` Demand for the iPad has been off the charts , '' an Apple spokesperson said .
For more IT stories visit The Australian .
Governor Deval Patrick on Thursday publicly denied rumors that they are in line to be the next US attorney general .
Patrick told the Globe it was “ mind-blowing to be mentioned in those contexts , ” but acknowledged some weariness at the now-familiar pattern of their name surging to the top of lists about federal jobs , despite their repeated statements that they will serve out their term .
And they repeated their insistence that their first career step out of the corner office will not be into another government post .
Advertisement
“ As soon as I know what my next job is , I will tell you , I promise . But it will be in the private sector , ” they said .
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
A flurry of speculation erupted Thursday morning after news broke that Attorney General Eric Holder would be resigning . Patrick , the top civil rights enforcer in the Justice Department under President Clinton , is a perennial mention when any top spot in Washington opens . They are close personally with President Obama and , come January when their term ends , will be available for new employment opportunities .
Patrick has consistently ruled out interest in federal posts and has said they would like to explore more lucrative , private-sector opportunities .
One long-time adviser said that Patrick would be great at the job , “ but he 's also had a successful private sector career and after eight years in public life I think he 's ready to get back to that . ”
This time , though , Patrick 's travel schedule only fueled speculation .
Advertisement
Patrick had a Cabinet meeting at 2 p.m. on Thursday , and then planned to leave for Washington afterward , according to their official schedule , released late Wednesday . Their stated reason for being in D.C. is for events with the Congressional Black Caucus . They may also attend a fund-raiser for the Democratic National Committee .
“ The president has not made a final decision on a replacement for Eric Holder , ” a White House official said , “ and therefore will not be making an announcement for their replacement today . ”
Patrick 's political image has been dented by a string of mismanagement scandals , including at the state drug lab and major problems at the state 's Department of Children and Families .
Despite the governor 's denials , Senator Elizabeth Warren — campaigning with gubernatorial candidate Martha Coakley in Chelsea Thursday — hinted that Patrick would be an ideal replacement for Holder .
“ I happen to be very fond of the current governor of Massachusetts , ” they said . “ I do n't want to start any rumors here . I have not spoken with the governor about this and do n't know what the governor 's wishes are . ”
Akilah Johnson of the Globe Staff contributed to this report . Jim O'Sullivan can be reached at Jim.OSullivan @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ JOSreports
EA is a company that thinks ahead . The Battlefield series may only be working on its 4th pure edition right now , but the publisher has just registered domains for www.battlefield13.com to www.battlefield20.com , ensuring that they 're secure for at least the next few Christmasses .
But Rock , Paper , Shotgun is a company that thinks further ahead . RPS is a business that does n't rely on such medium-to-long-term thinking . And so it is that we will be the first place for all your www.battlefield21.com news .
As reported by Joystiq , spotted by Fusible , EA have squatted their cyberbottoms on the domains for 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , 19 and 20 . They already owned 1 to 9 , but have missed out on 10 , 11 and 12 . ( Do n't visit 11 , btw – Chrome warns me it 's a phishy site ) . Clearly realising that this was a problem that was only going to continue growing , the scooped up 13-20 last week .
EA previously paid $ 80,000 for battlefield.com . I imagine they probably spent about $ 100 in a bulk deal on the most recent eight . We paid £25 for www.battlefield21.com .
On the assumption that BF becomes an annual treat , split amongst two dev teams , come 2030 we are quids in . ( What 's $ 80,000 in Futurespace Dollars ? )
Slightly more helpfully , the pic at the top is a new screenshot released today – you can click on it to make it big , to reveal BF4 in all its pale grey glory .
There are no known numbers higher than 21 .
Image copyright EPA Image caption Bulgaria said the decision to block the flights was taken last week
Bulgaria refused Russian aircraft permission to cross its airspace late last week , amid fears that Russia is boosting its military support to Syria .
Bulgaria 's foreign ministry said it suspected the aircraft were not carrying aid , as Russia claimed .
Betina Zhoteva , a spokesperson for the ministry , said Bulgaria had not come under pressure from its Nato allies .
Russia has been a key ally to Syrian president Bashar al-Assad during their four-year civil war with rebels groups .
`` The planes were said to carry humanitarian aid but we had information - that we had every reason to trust - that the declared cargo was not the real one , '' said Ms Zhoteva .
They said the decision to deny the Russian aircraft permission was taken late last week but did not give details about how many planes were involved .
Analysis : Jonathan Marcus , diplomatic correspondent
Bulgaria 's decision raises the diplomatic stakes ; a clear signal from a Nato member that suspicions about Russia 's activities in Syria are growing .
It comes against a backdrop of various reports of new Russian weaponry seen on the ground in Syria , along with unsubstantiated claims that Russia is pushing in advisers and possibly even some troops to bolster the Assad regime .
The denial of the use of Bulgarian air-space will annoy Russia but it has a perfectly feasible alternative option , routing over the Caucasus and Iran .
Vladimir Djabarov , vice-president of Russia 's foreign affairs council , told state press agency Tass that the aircraft contained only `` humanitarian cargo '' .
It is `` not profitable to transport weapons by plane '' , they added .
Bulgaria 's actions follow news on Monday that the US asked Greece , another Nato member , to ban Russian supply flights to Syria from its airspace .
US Secretary of State John Kerry on Saturday phoned Russia 's foreign minister to express concern over reports of Russian military build-up in Syria .
Russia and the US disagree sharply on Syria . While Russia has backed the Syrian government , and provided it with arms , the US wants to see the removal of Mr Assad .
The Dan Patrick Show is suddenly becoming the place for awkward athlete interviews . First it was Matt Harvey and their undying dedication to Qualcomm . Now it 's 49ers safety Eric Reid hanging up on the host after 4 minutes .
Patrick had Reid on the show ahead of the NFC title game and the interview had its strange moments and bits of uncomfortable silence . Then DP went into a line of questioning about this massive collision with Panthers FB Mike Tolbert that knocked Reid out and the interview went off the rails . Apparently Reid did n't appreciate the questions about the play because they abruptly ended the interview after Patrick asked about what the hit felt like .
I did n't think Patrick 's questions were out of line as they asked about what a huge collision felt like , but Reid evidently felt otherwise , hanging up before they could even get in a sponsor 's plug .
UPDATE : We 've been informed by the show that Reid did n't hang up on Patrick , but that they merely lost connection and the interview could n't be resumed . Maybe that was a blessing in disguise , then .
CHARLOTTE , N.C. -- Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton developed instant chemistry with Kelvin Benjamin after the Florida State wide receiver was selected in the first round of the 2014 draft .
They were like brothers almost immediately , whether they were combining for big plays on the field or delivering Christmas presents to students of local schools off the field .
Ready to spread some holiday cheer ! Got my elves ready for the first stop ! # SantaCam Surprise Sleigh pic.twitter.com/XN31vX8UqL — Cameron Newton ( @ CameronNewton ) December 16 , 2014
Newton did n't return to practice on Wednesday when Benjamin suffered a season-ending ACL injury until they helped the 6-foot-5 , 240-pound receiver onto the cart . They predict there will be “ hell to pay '' when Benjamin returns in 2016 .
Meanwhile , look for Newton to build a similar relationship with 2015 second-round pick Devin Funchess .
“ He has to learn at an accelerated rate , but I 'm taking them up under my wing , '' Newton said after Friday 's preseason victory over Miami . “ I have full confidence in Devin that they get it , sooner rather than later . ''
Funchess sat out of the 31-30 victory against the Dolphins with a tight hamstring , but they are expected to be ready for Friday night 's game against the defending Super Bowl champion New England Patriots .
The plan was to have them on the field for Monday 's 2:30 p.m . ET practice as the Panthers begin the Charlotte practice phase of their preseason .
At 6-foot-4 and 228 pounds , Funchess is the best option to replace Benjamin as the No . 1 receiver .
“ He 's a competitor , '' Newton said of the former Michigan star . “ He 's a guy that wants to be great . We talk often . I 'm pretty much a person that they can trust and that I know I can trust when the game comes on the line . We just need to get them to 100 percent . ''
Newton still will miss Benjamin , not just because of the 73 catches for 1,008 yards and nine touchdowns , but because they were so close . Newton knew better than most how hard Benjamin has been working to be better in 2015 .
“ This game goes way beyond the lines , '' Newton said . “ It 's a relationship that we created , somewhat brotherly like . ''
Newton has kept in touch with Benjamin constantly since the injury .
“ There is no need to cry about it now , '' they said . “ When I went to see them -- and I still talk to them daily -- he 's in good spirits . Every time I text him , every time I call him , he 's always , ‘ Go out there and do your thing . Lead them boys . '
“ When I hear from him , that kind of puts it in perspective that if he 's upbeat about it and knowing that when they come back it 's going to be hell to pay , it kind of inspires me to become better and do my job as well . ''
The question is whether such stories impact Trump supporters or amount to “ preaching to the choir ” in tribal America . I believe perseverance counts .
The Times has also published critical pieces about Hillary Clinton , a candidate mistrusted by many voters . This has aroused plenty of ire , including from the prominent political scientist Norman Ornstein , who sees an anti-Hillary pattern , or a sexist pattern , or glaring “ false equivalence . ”
I had a vigorous Twitter exchange with Ornstein over a recent page one Times story that chronicled how Clinton spent much of the summer at fund-raisers with the rich . At one , children were permitted to ask a question if their parents would pony up $ 2,700 . They thought it had no place on page one . I disagreed . The Clintons ' coziness with the hedge fund crowd is an issue in an election where Bernie Sanders made rising inequality matter . A recent front-page look at how Clinton responded to their husband 's infidelities has also prompted anger . I thought it provided a compelling portrait of the resolve and resilience — as the well as the capacity for forgiveness — of the woman who may soon be president .
Cover the hell out of the story without fear or favor : That must still be our byword .
Clinton is a candidate who made the grave misjudgment , as secretary of state , of using a private email server ; and then said , untruthfully , that the F.B.I . had declared them to be truthful in their answers . At a moment when Americans want change , the Clintons feel like old news . That is why millennials galvanized by Sanders are not galvanized by them
These are all essential areas of coverage . Giving Clinton a pass is not the answer to Trump .
Of course , the press makes mistakes . NBC 's Matt Lauer pressed Clinton and went lightly on Trump . We missed the important Bondi story : How the Trump Foundation gave money to Pam Bondi , the Florida attorney general who was contemplating joining an investigation into Trump University and then , lo and behold , did not .
It is tempting , but wrong , to seize on every error as proof of “ false equivalence. ” It 's proof , rather , that the press is human .
Nor , however , can fairness or balance preclude making it plain through rigorous reporting that while Clinton is imperfect , Trump is awful ; that while they have trafficked in the evasiveness that is the stuff of politics , they have lied ; and that while America would be in safe hands with Clinton , it would be in clear and present danger with the irascible , insecure , Putin-friendly , NATO-averse Trump . The most powerful office in the world was not made for a phony on a power trip .
Keto Thanksgiving Recipes
I 'm a huge fan of the Food Network and I really enjoy the show “ The Best Thing I Ever Ate. ” I asked my favorite keto food bloggers what their favorite Thanksgiving recipes are and I received some amazing ones !
APPETIZERS :
From Carol at Ditch the Wheat : Avocado Salsa with Carolyn at All Day I Dream About Food : Homemade Chicharrones !
I picked these two because I love both recipes so much !
From Judy at Carb Wars : Bacon Wrapped Onion Rings !
Judy writes , “ Thanksgiving is the most under-appreciated of holidays . The stores have barely cleared away the spiders and witches before the poinsettias move in .
It is a uniquely American holiday that celebrates our history , our families , and our native foods , like pumpkin , turkey , and cranberries . It takes us back home with memories of warm fires , home cooking , and Grandma 's hugs . Slow down , have another piece of pie , and be grateful for the brief respite before the frantic spend-fest of Christmas starts all over again . ”
From me : Baked Brie
I picked this recipe because it was a labor of love . Craig and I made about 400 batches of this bread recipe and too many bags of blanched almond flour to get the perfect bread . It was a very expensive recipe to create , but totally worth it !
From Kyndra at Peace , Love and Low Carb : Sausage Stuffed Mushrooms !
SIDE DISHES :
From Kyndra at Peace Love and Low Carb : Green Bean Casserole !
Kyndra writes : “ I love this recipe because it always reminds me of special occasions and family get togethers . For years , my family has made this on Thanksgiving and Christmas . Their variety included all canned ingredients . I set out on a mission to recreate a family classic in a healthier version . ”
From Martina at the Keto Diet : Candied “ Yams ” with Marshmallows !
Martina writes : “ This recipe has become the ultimate autumn treat in my house . When I got a request from one of my readers to make “ Candied yams with marshmallows ” , I knew that it would be a challenge to make low-carb marshmallows . It was easy to substitute the yams with pumpkin but I was struggling to find the right balance for the marshmallows . I 've tried several ingredients until the marshmallows were just right – fluffy and amazing ! The consistency is similar to meringue but a lot firmer . Best of all , they can be grilled ! ”
From Carolyn from All Day I Dream About Food : Spicy Sausage and Cheddar Stuffing !
From Kelly at the Spunky Coconut : Cauliflower Mash Potatoes !
From Elana at Elana 's Pantry : Kale with Gomasio . Elana helped me when I first started my blog and I am very grateful !
Elana 's says this is their favorite because , “ My boys love both kale and gomasio and this classic kale dish with an Asian twist has been a staple at our Thanksgiving table since they were little . ”
From me : Green Bean Bundles .
I chose this recipe because I still remember making these for the first time on Thanksgiving morning at my parent 's house and my mom told me to only make a few of them because no one would want them . HA ! I showed her ! The were the first things gone !
From me : The Best Brussels Sprouts
One of my favorite things to do on my morning runs is to listen to food podcasts . I really love KCRW Good Food based in California . Every week they do the “ Market Report ” from the Santa Monica Farmer 's Market . Oh , how I wished I lived in a warm climate right about now !
But anyway , the last one I listened to discussed how to properly cook Brussels Sprouts . I never really understood why you would need to buy UNsalted butter if the butter you were getting used a high quality sea salt . They explained there are 2 reasons :
1 . Is for you , the chef , to control the amount of salt .
2 . Another important reason is that it changes if you FRY veggies or STEAM them .
The tip they gave was to put the unsalted butter in the pan and heat until a bit of golden flecks appear ( also called ‘ brown butter ' ) . Add your Brussels sprouts ( cut in 1/2 ) and saute for 2 to 3 minutes . THEN add salt to taste .
From me : Cheesy Scallop “ Faux ” tatoes
MAIN DISHES :
From Karen at Holistically Engineered : Roasted Turkey with Pan Gravy !
BREADS :
From Carol at Ditch the Wheat : Grain Free Herbed Biscuits !
From me : KFC Biscuits
My family always has crescent rolls at Thanksgiving . When this came out of the oven , the smell reminded me of a buttery roll on Thanksgiving morning…they tasted great too . The flavor reminds me of my past life of KFC buttermilk biscuits .
DESSERTS
From Carolyn from All Day I Dream About Food : Chocolate Pecan Pie Bars !
From me : Pumpkin Pie Sorbet
Pumpkin Swirl Cheesecake
Pecan Pie
Leftovers
From me : Leftover Turkey Tetrazzini
I picked this recipe because the only way I will eat turkey is if it is drowning in a tasty sauce !
From Sooze at Fluffy Chix Cook : Sour Cream Enchiladas
Sooze writes : We 're from Texas , and everyone who 's anyone knows , the best part of Thanksgiving is the day AFTER Thanksgiving because that 's the day we all either go out to eat Tex-Mex–or , if you 're a sharp thinking low carb keto pro , make Tex-Mex at home . Olé ! We 're all so tired of traditional turkey and dressing by that time , we 're ready to chow down on gooey , cheesy , insanely awesome queso , salsa and chips and a plate of gooey enchiladas with a side of guac ( aka guacamole ) thrown in for the hayull of it . ( Texan for hell . ) But holy guacamole ! That 's not exactly low carb keto friendly . Or , is it ? Out of sheer necessity and orneriness , the Fluffys developed an entire cache of Tex-Mex taste treats to extinguish the need to feed on high carbage nonsense . Try one of our TNT ( tried n true ) family classics like Fluffy Chix Cook 's Sour Cream Chicken Enchiladas ( Enchilada Suizas by any other name ) , and buy life insurance ; cuz you 'll be so happy , you could just lay down and die .
( Pssst , if you 're looking for a way to disguise the leftover turkey into non-turkular form , sub out the chicken and add the leftover turkey in the recipe . Turkey never had it so good as when it 's disguised as Tex-Mex Enchiladas ! ) ”
Testimony of the Day
30 Day Accelerated Testimony : “ Hi Maria ! I just had to write and tell you the coolest thing I just noticed ! I am still lying on my driver 's license about my weight… BUT now I am 10 pounds lighter than what it says !
Thanks for the comforting phone call last month . It helped me put everything together . Have fun with those cute little boys ! ” Sara
If you want to get started on a path to health and healing , click HERE . You will not regret it !
Abstract
Objective To report the effects of bleach use at home on the frequency of infections in 9102 school-age children participating in the HITEA project .
Method Parents of pupils aged 6–12 years from schools in Barcelona province ( Spain ) , Utrecht province ( the Netherlands ) and Eastern and Central Finland were administered a questionnaire including questions on the frequency of infections ( influenza , tonsillitis , sinusitis , otitis , bronchitis and pneumonia ) in the past 12 months and bleach use at home . We developed multivariable mixed-effects multilogistic regression models to obtain relative risk ratios ( RRR ) and their 95 % CI per country , and combined the RRR using random-effects meta-analyses .
Results Bleach use was common in Spain ( 72 % , n=1945 ) and uncommon in Finland ( 7 % , n=279 ) . Overall , the prevalence of infections ( recurrent or once ) was higher among children of bleach users . Significant combined associations were shown for influenza only once ( RRR=1.20 , 95 % CI 1.04 to 1.38 ) , recurrent tonsillitis ( RRR=1.35 , 95 % CI 1.07 to 1.71 ) and any infection ( RRR=1.18 , 95 % CI 1.01 to 1.38 ) .
The University 's Central Student Government convened Tuesday evening for its last meeting of the semester to pass a resolution seeking University funding to compensate CSG students for their work . The assembly also discussed issues regarding campus computing sites resources and a resolution to produce a statement in support of the Lecturers ' Employee Organization .
Community concerns addressed both positives and negatives of passing the resolution regarding compensation — primarily noting its potential impact on low-income students . Members questioned the true intentions of future CSG candidates and potential negative response from constituents .
Recent problems with the lack of funding for student organizations on campus highlights the greater need for compensation to those who serve the University . It was noted U-M Flint and U-M Dearborn compensate their student governments , and have for years . Community members argued the potential funding for CSG members could expand to other student groups , creating a ripple effect .
Central Student Government created and voiced support for the Leadership Engagement Scholarship last year . Effective September 2017 , the scholarship aims to provide various student leaders of campus organizations with funding to give all the financial opportunity to become more involved in extracurricular activities and campus life without the worry of the financial burden . The scholarship , and CSG 's involvement in its development , was discussed in detail during the meeting , with respect to its inclusion of student leaders and potentially greater importance in regards to the student body as a whole .
After several amendments , including an opt-in or opt-out choice for members and a consideration for assessment of performance when offering compensation , the resolution passed .
After the meeting , the LSA Student Government Executive Board issued a statement regarding the CSG decision .
“ We felt it necessary to voice our dissent and opposition to this decision by the Central Student Government Assembly , and we urge the Central Student Government President Anushka Sarkar to veto this resolution , ” the statement read .
LSA junior Sujay Shetty , chief of staff to the CSG president , said they support whatever decision CSG President Anushka Sarkar , an LSA senior , makes on the resolution . As it was the final CSG meeting of the fall 2017 semester , Shetty also commended the effort made by Central Student Government this past semester .
“ The representatives speaking ( care ) deeply for their constituents and the future of the University , ” they said . “ ( I am ) proud and inspired by the hard work of this Assembly in many of the tough issues they faced this semester . ”
Footage of Merkel 's wide-ranging chat with 29 pupils at a high school in Rostock went viral in social media on Thursday . Some people defended Merkel 's explanations of refugee policy , while others described their reaction to the girl 's situation as insensitive .
' '' Meedia , '' the online magazine offshoot of the Handelsblatt newspaper group , headlined the encounter as a `` PR disaster '' for Merkel 's team at the Chancellery .
The debate follows foreign criticism of Germany over its handling of Greece and its latest bailout . `` Stern '' magazine 's fronted its latest edition with the title `` The Ice Queen . ''
Deportation suspended pending decision
Stern magazine uses the title : `` The Ice Queen ''
During Wednesday evening 's discussion - filmed by public broadcaster NDR - Reem told Merkel - in fluent German learned in only four years - that their family had a temporary stay on deportation back to Lebanon . They said they wanted to study in Germany , but their prospects were uncertain . For the family , it was a very difficult time .
`` I am here now and live here , but do n't know what my future looks like , because I do n't know if I can really stay here , '' Reem told Merkel .
`` We were at the embassy in Berlin and picked up Lebanese passports and we are waiting for the [ local German ] office for foreigners to send an answer , '' Reem said , adding that their father , a welder , was not permitted to work in Germany .
'Politics can be hard '
Merkel described Reem as an `` incredibly likeable person '' and praised the girl 's acquisition of German as an essential skill for migrants to integrate in Germany . But the chancellor also added that politics `` can be hard . ''
Addressing Reem directly , they said : `` You know too that in Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon , there are thousands and thousands . And , if we were to say now you can all come ; and you can all come from Africa ; we could not manage that . ''
Lebanon was not regarded as a country where civil war was taking place , Merkel said .
Referring to Syria , they said Germany provided refuge to people fleeing from regions suffering from civil war . The federal and regional governments had , however , recently agreed to shorten their decision-making procedures on refugees ' applications .
`` The only answer we give is that it should n't take as long for things to be decided , but there are some who will have to go back , '' Merkel said .
Chancellor comforts Reem
Nearly a minute passed until Merkel saw that Reem was crying and approached them saying : `` You did that very well , '' while stroking their hair and right shoulder .
The discussion host then intervened , telling Merkel that it was not a case of Reem doing things well , but instead a very stressful situation for the teenager .
`` Despite that I want to console her , '' Merkel replied sharply , saying they understood that the situation for Reem was stressful .
Encounter footage goes viral
NDR published the footage in full length on Thursday while excerpts went viral in various social media , including Twitter , under the hashtag # MerkelStreichelt .
Federal government sources quoted by the German DPA news agency said Merkel had been careful not to favor people they met personally during the discussion nor overrule local authorities responsible for decision-making on asylum applications .
Rostock 's mayor , an independent , Roland Methling said their council would examine the case carefully `` just like every other one . ''
`` An arbitrary single-case decision is not possible under German law , '' Methling said .
Union : Chance missed attracting workers
The federal DGB trade union federation 's head for northern Germany , Uwe Polkaehn , accused Merkel of propagating a `` false signal for tomorrow 's expert workers . ''
`` The chancellor bungled a chance to enthuse young people from abroad to work and live in Germany , '' Polkaehn said .
Germany needed `` motivated people like Reem , thirsty for knowledge , '' they added .
Former German Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger tweeted : `` People who have long lived here and feel as though they belong ultimately need a secure perspective for a life here and not the threat of deportation . ''
ipj/jil ( epd , dpa , AFP )
Sam Gibbons ‘ paintings are described by Claire Oliver ( Art Gallery , New York ) as “ fascinating renderings of cartoons perversely entwined in spasms of death and candy-colored imitations of sex ” . Their work is a convergence of figuration and abstraction – one side of the canvas mirrors the other , creating a perfect symmetry which holds together its bursts of color and form .
I dipinti di Sam Gibbons vengono descritti da Claire Oliver ( Galleria D'arte , New York ) come delle “ affascinanti interpretazioni di cartoni intrecciati in spasmi di morte e imitazioni sessuali a colore di confetto ” . I lavori di Gibbons sono una convergenza tra figura e astratto – un lato del telo rispecchia l'altro creando una perfetta simmetria che tiene insieme queste esplosioni di colore e forma .
Sam Gibbons subverts the typical role of the cartoon , enabling its inexperience to engage in violent and sexual acts . Their paintings depict a complex and beautiful representation of the human condition .
Sam Gibbons scombussola il ruolo tipico del cartone ; la mancanza di esperienza viene mischiata con violenza e atti sessuali . I suoi lavori raffigurano la vita umana , nella sua bellezza e complessità .
TEST
Let me begin by saying that boats are a fantastic thing to have in your spearfishing life . Like your girlfriend , boats have their pros , and
cons too . There are a couple of old sayings I like to quote “ the wife told me it was either the boat or them Gee I am going to miss them cooking. ” Or this one , my favourite . BOAT – Break out another thousand . IF you do n't mind constant maintenance , you have the room to store one , and importantly , you think can afford to keep both your wife and your mistress ( …the boat ) under the same roof , you might even decide you need new friends then go and visit your local boat dealer .
The range of coastlines you can travel by boat in a session far exceeds that of the rockhopper ; if a spot you have chosen is fishless or dirty simply pull up anchor and move onto to another headland or reef ; you can fish otherwise hard locations ; my favourite is that fact that you are out on the ocean and enjoying the vast blue sea , you never know what suprises you will see out there on a given day . Whales , pods of dolphins , massive bait balls , awesome bird life , huge sharks , blokes floating around on an esky lid , sunfish , the list is endless . I enjoy being out on my boat and sharing experiences with my friends .
Having grown up with boats in my life and owning several from small tinnies to my current boat which is a Sea Devil I have taken out countless hundreds of people for an outing . Some of these people I have invited out for a day to merely enjoy the ocean , others to introduce them to a bit of skindiving to measure whether they will get the bug . Some people have chased me up for a boat ride for a day 's spearing , others still have been regular crew who have taken to calling me “ Captain Ahab ” .
The moniker is because I do become militant when regular crew members do something out of the ordinary , for example , bringing bananas on my boat ! That 's just instant dismissal ( many stories for another time ) or when they drive my boat onto the trailer that is not set up for this , when a cross wind is evident , their insistence resulting in snowflakes in the water from bashing the hull into the trailer . You too would probably growl , even bite during these circumstances .
I have learnt crew members should be inducted on simple do 's and don'ts of looking out for the boat owner on caring for their boat and being considerate and behaving safely to the rest of the crew . How many boat owners actually show the new crew how to start the boat , what to do when the dink floods , where the bilge switch is , the lifejackets kept , the shark stump kit… I find an induction better to do rather than pulling your hair out as well as forking out the couple of hundred bucks repairing gel coat from a weight belt or lazy anchor , scratched cowling cover from wayward fins or spear tips , bent steering cables from divers coming over the transom well . Do n't assume that people know what to do just because you do as it leads to making an ass out of u and me .
I came up with a list for the new and not so new members in my club some time back as I was continually hearing complaints from boat owners about club members who would not be welcome back into their boats because of their amazing ability to find pockets in their wetsuits where they could place their hands as the boat was being launched or retrieved , the uncanny timing of them tangling their rig cord when it came time to pulling up the pick ( anchor ) , or their amazing invisible man act when other crew members pulled their wallets out and began handling the boat owner rock lobsters and pineapples ( $ 20 and $ 50 's ) to share the cost of the days running expenses . Wait , there is more . The insult of them spearing a cuttlefish , inking it in your boat then not offering to help wash your boat down ; how they conveniently manage to extract out of the esky themselves ( while you are up the front of the boat scrubbing out the said ink ) the prime Pearl Perch you caught leaving you with two ink covered small Red Morwong they caught , obviously thinking the two for one swap is a fair deal , and besides they do n't much care for the taste of red mowie .
It 's a tough gig being a boat owner , if you train up a good crew its very rewarding and when one of them purchases their own boat and stops diving with you regularly its ' like losing an arm .
If you as a crew member know the basics and show a bit of willingness to get your hands dirty you should always be welcome back , unless that is of course you happened to drink the last bundy and coke in the esky , or shoot the big bream in the wash and wonder why the skipper is screaming blue murder as they are being belted by spooked Mulloway as they come running out of that same wash .
The boat owner should give you an induction on the ways and whys of their boat . If they do not , ( Hey ! They could be stressed as the horse they backed into favourite in the sixth to purchase a new donk for the Devil collapsed a shadow before the winning post ) ask the following :
Where are the bungs ?
How do you launch and retrieve the boat at the ramp and what do you want me to do ?
Do you have room for a bag/tub and where do you want my gear stored ?
When can I get in the boat and where do I enter ?
How do I start your boat , and where is the bilge pump switch ?
Where is the safety gear ? First aid kit , flares , V-sheet , paddle , Radio , EPIRB , life jackets , and , HOW do I use them ?
At the end of the day ask the following – “ How much do I owe you for petrol , oil , wear and tear on your car and boat and trailer ? Are you sure that 's enough ? It costs cash not fresh air to have taken me out today . ”
REMEMBER TO PAY THE BOAT OWNER ON THE DAY , do n't let them chase you . You may not be asked back again .
The DO 's and DON'Ts
Do n't be late to meet at the boat ramp .
Do offer to help launch the boat and the workings that go with launching rather than stand around gawking and making a tiresome joke about the crappy old wooden gun you can see in the boat pocket , it belongs to the skipper , and has landed more fish than you 'll ever know . Pull your finger out and offer assistance instead .
Do n't take the kitchen sink with you , space is a premium , as is tidiness . A tidy boat is a safer boat .
So Do n't bring a roller gun , a blue-water gun , and a little harbour gun , bring one gun , a tool that does the job for that day .
Do offer to set the anchor and also to retrieve it . If you do n't know the procedure , ask , you will be shown . Share this duty around the crew !
Do always look out for the boat whilst you are in the water , first diver in the water checks that the anchor is set well . If you think the boat has drifted swim after it ! And DO reset the anchor .
Do n't swim too far away from the boat , and let the skipper know in what direction you intend to swim .
If you notice the Dive Flag is not up in the boat , Do swim back and put it up – it may save your life .
When doing the Blue Water thing , marking for drift diving or anchoring in a particular spot at a particular place that the skipper wants to dive . Do show patience as it can take the skipper and crew some time to ‘ set the spot up ' .
Do n't then pull out your phone with satnav and mark the spot , neither in front of the skipper nor when they are in the water .
IF you Do n't wish to be first in the water Do get out of the way and Do help those keener divers to get in . If you Do wish to be first in Do it Quickly and Considerately .
Do n't throw your float out as soon as you pull up to a spot , wait until the boat is securely at anchor . When you alight from the boat Do check that your rig cord is not wrapped around the motor leg .
Do be very wary of the pointy end of your gun while ‘ gearing up ' in the boat .
Watch your flippers Do n't take out some one 's shin , or face when alighting from the boat and watch you Do n't scratch the outboard cowling cover .
If you Do break something , Do offer to pay for the repair .
Do n't jump in with a splash !
If the skipper has told you they are only going to be 15 minutes in a spot Do n't swim 15 miles in the opposite direction you are heading to . Be back in or near the boat in 15 .
If stopping only for 15 minutes , Do offer to boatie ! ( especially helpful in a comp ) .
When you boatie , Do keep the sun behind you , if the sun is in front it is difficult to see your buddies diving .
Do always double-check you have engaged the motor in neutral position as you collect a diver .
When you can see the boat and crew are heading in your direction , Do wrap your rig cord up , unload your gun and then hand the gun butt first to the crewman .
However , Do tell the skipper as they pull up that there is a wall of Mulloway under you and you think its best if everyone comes in for a dive rather than hop in the boat and then tell everyone about it with extended arms ( this has actually happened to me )
Do listen to the skipper when they tell you the best way to enter the boat from thewater . Do take your weight belt off and cleanly pass it over the gunwale until you have learnt correct entry procedure and are fluid in the technique that wo n't see the lead belt smash the fibreglass gunwale .
Do offer fuel money at the end of the day , and do n't raise your eyebrow at the price .
Do offer to wash the boat or clean the fish while the skipper washes the boat .
Do n't under any circumstance spear fish and then leave them in the esky at the end of the day , because , “ you do n't really eat that fish ” ,
Do n't ever take bananas on board a boat . Ever !
Here at Hosterbox we 're always adapting , growing and offering the latest and greatest technologies . After a lot of demand we have decided to accept Ethereum ! Simply place your order and pay with Ethereum at checkout , Pay for Domain registrations , Web hosting , VPS 's , Dedicated servers and Reseller hosting with Ethereum . Ethereum payment is made using coinpayments.net and the invoice is generated at checkout . Pay with Ethereum today and get 20 % Off your order !
Join us now & Save ! Get 20 % Off any of our Web Hosting plans
when you pay with Ethereum ! Use coupon code
`` Ethereum '' on checkout ! Order Now Learn More
Anonymous Registration We understand that sometimes you would like to stay anonymous and Ethereum is a amazing protocol that lets users make payments while staying anonymous . If you would like to sign up for one of our services using anonymous registration please contact our support team . Active Encryption Hosterbox takes security extremely seriously , we encrypt everything from user data to the hosted content everything is hashed , encrypted and stored properly .
* Customers may use only one promotional coupon code at a time per new order .
* * Promotions do carry over to upgraded plans/servers .
† Promotions and coupon codes do not apply for custom built VPS plans .
by Roger Marsh
The National UFO ALERT Rating System has been updated for May 2014 , with California , Florida , Texas , Pennsylvania , Ohio and Michigan moving to a UFO Alert 3 as the highest reporting states with 25 or more cases during the month of April 2014 , filed with the Mutual UFO Network ( MUFON ) .
California was the leading high-reporting state in April with 80 cases , down from 103 March cases , 59 February cases , and 102 January cases . Those states in a UFO Alert 4 category with 13 or more reports include : New York , Missouri , Arizona , New Jersey , North Carolina , Washington , Nevada , Oregon , and Colorado .
All other states move to a UFO Alert 5 category with lower numbers of UFO activity . The Watch States – with 10 or more cases – are Georgia , Indiana , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Alabama , Tennessee and Illinois .
MUFON released April statistics May 1 , where the total number of reported UFO sightings is listed by state . The UFO Examiner uses these statistics to rate states . The entire country was moved back to the lowest alert level – UFO Alert 5 .
California takes the lead with 80 cases ; Florida , 57 ; Texas , 37 ; Pennsylvania , 33 ; Ohio , 25 ; and Michigan , 25 .
Those states with 13 or more reports , the next reporting tier level , are a UFO Alert 4 status : New York ; 23 ; Missouri , 21 ; Arizona , 21 ; New Jersey , 19 ; North Carolina , 18 ; Washington , 17 ; Nevada , 16 ; Oregon , 15 ; and Colorado , 15 .
Our Watch States this month are – with 10 reports or more : Georgia , 12 ; Indiana , 12 ; Massachusetts , 11 ; Minnesota , 11 ; Alabama , 10 ; Tennessee , 10 ; and Illinois , 10 .
The sphere remains the most-reported UFO shape with 150 cases , up from 131 March cases , 91 February cases ; and 240 January cases . Other shape reports include : Triangle , 83 ; Other , 65 ; Star-like , 65 ; Circle , 57 ; Disc , 56 ; Oval , 39 ; Unknown , 39 ; Cigar , 29 ; Boomerang , 28 ; Fireball , 24 ; N/A , 23 ; Cylinder , 15 ; Diamond , 12 ; Egg , 7 ; Chevron , 6 ; Teardrop , 6 ; Saturn-like , 6 ; Cone , 4 ; Flash , 4 ; Blimp , 3 ; Cross , 2 ; and Bullet/Missile , 1 .
The object 's distance from the witness includes : Less than 100 feet , 137 cases ; 101 to 500 feet , 115 cases ; 501 feet to one mile , 165 cases ; over one mile , 184 cases ; unknown , 219 ; and no value stated , 22 .
In addition , there were “ 21 landings , hovering , or takeoffs reported and 1 entity observed . ”
The most interesting UFO reports do not necessarily come from high reporting states – but those states with higher numbers do account for some of the most interesting evidence to study . While UFO sightings seem to pop up randomly around the country , this list is meant to offer a small insight into where Americans are filing reports .
End-to-End Testing in One Short Second with Dart
David Morgan Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 20 , 2016
Building good end-to-end tests is hard . Having good end-to-end tests is wonderful . How do you get from the former to the latter ?
Last week I introduced a simple chat server and client written in Dart . Halfway through writing that code I decided to stop and add end-to-end tests — so they could help me make faster progress . It worked , and saved time overall .
Testing can be a big time sink ; but I was sure it would work , because I 'd used the same pattern before in similar code . Now I 'm here to share that pattern with you .
For those following along at home , here 's how to get and run the tests . You 'll need git and dart , then :
git clone https : //github.com/google/built_value.dart.git
cd built_value.dart
git checkout tags/v0.4.3-article
cd chat_example
pub get
pub run test
If you run this you 'll see it 's ridiculously fast . On my machine it takes around one second — total — to run all 13 end-to-end tests . Further , if you examine one of the tests , you 'll find they 're incredibly easy to write . Here 's a test that private messages are private :
group ( 'tell ' , ( ) {
test ( 'goes to a single user ' , ( ) async {
var alice = environment.newUser ( ) .. type ( '/login Alice letmein ' ) ;
var bob = environment.newUser ( ) .. type ( '/login Bob letmein ' ) ;
var eve = environment.newUser ( ) ;
alice.type ( '/tell Bob Hi there . ' ) ;
bob.expectMatch ( r'Alice \ ( private\ ) : Hi there . ' ) ;
eve.expectNoMatch ( 'Hi there . ' ) ;
} ) ;
} ) ;
It 's testing both the client code — the code that runs in your browser — and the server . We create three users : Alice , Bob and Eve . Alice and Bob log in , then Alice sends a “ tell ” , a direct message , to Bob . The test passes if Bob can see the message and Eve ca n't .
Dart Everywhere
The key to how the chat example is tested is that both the client code and the server code are written in Dart . This means that it 's perfectly possible to run the client code on the server , or the server code on the client — with the exception of VM-only libraries like “ dart : io ” and browser-only libraries like “ dart : html ” .
So what I did was to fake out client-only code . That means that “ dart : html ” -backed classes are split into an interface and separate implementation . For example , here 's the HTML display :
/// Chat window main text display .
abstract class Display {
/// Adds [ text ] to the display , coloured to indicate a local
/// command .
void addLocal ( String text ) ;
/// Adds [ text ] to the display .
void add ( String text ) ;
}
Then , to load the client code in a VM , I supply a fake implementation :
/// Fake [ Display ] that stores added text .
class FakeDisplay implements Display {
List < String > text = < String > [ ] ;
@ override
void add ( String text ) {
this.text.add ( text ) ;
}
@ override
void addLocal ( String text ) { }
}
Now I can run the server and client code in the same VM . So far so good . But they need to be able to talk to each other .
The same approach is used ; connection classes are split out into interfaces :
/// Two-way connection between client and server ; the client .
abstract class ClientConnection {
Stream < String > get dataFromServer ;
void sendToServer ( String string ) ;
}
And then for testing , fake implementations are used that plug the whole thing together . A test environment maintains an instance of the server code and creates test users connected to it .
And that 's it . Now , you might argue that is n't really end-to-end testing . To do that we 'd need to use something like WebDriver . Such tests have their place , particularly when integrating with complex systems . They 're necessary for shipping rock solid software . But they 're not the best way to boost developer velocity .
For that you need fast , easy to write tests that , like these , test just the code you 're working on . For some code , unit tests are ideal ; but to really understand things at a high level you want tests that interact with the whole application as a user . They 're “ end to end ” — but only for the parts you care most about .
A Bit More Testing
While working on this article I noticed a bug in the chat code : not all commands are correctly echoed locally . That is , some commands just “ disappear ” when typed . It 's not surprising : I do n't have any tests for this ! So I decided to add some .
First , the “ FakeDisplay ” needs to record locally echoed text too :
class FakeDisplay implements Display {
List < String > text = < String > [ ] ;
List < String > localText = < String > [ ] ;
@ override
void add ( String text ) {
this.text.add ( text ) ;
}
@ override
void addLocal ( String text ) {
this.localText.add ( text ) ;
}
}
Then we need to be able to assert on it , so “ TestUser ” gets a new method :
/// Checks local text for this user .
void expectLocalMatch ( Pattern pattern ) {
expect ( _display.localText , anyElement ( matches ( pattern ) ) ) ;
}
And that 's it , I 'm ready to add tests like this one :
test ( 'away echoes locally ' , ( ) async {
environment.newUser ( )
.. type ( '/away Not here . ' )
.. expectLocalMatch ( r'/away Not here\ . ' ) ;
} ) ;
Bug caught , and fixed . Here 's the full pull request . I added seven new end-to-end tests , bringing the total to 20 , and fixed two bugs as a result .
The tests now all run in about 1.1 seconds . I find that acceptable .
Happy Holidays
I 've now written in depth about everything from my talk at the Dart summit ( video ) . Fortunately , it 's a good time to take a break . You can expect some more articles from me in 2017 — as soon as I have something new to write about . In the meantime , if there 's something you 'd particularly like to me to cover , just let me know .
Hacker Noon is how hackers start their afternoons . We 're a part of the @ AMIfamily . We are now accepting submissions and happy to discuss advertising & sponsorship opportunities .
If you enjoyed this story , we recommend reading our latest tech stories and trending tech stories . Until next time , do n't take the realities of the world for granted !
Hundreds of people have marched through the streets of Belfast demanding a change to Northern Ireland 's abortion laws .
It is the second Rally for Choice to be held in Belfast .
Northern Ireland 's abortion law is much stricter than the rest of the UK .
Terminations are only permitted if a woman 's life is at risk , or there is a permanent or serious risk to their mental or physical health .
Rape , incest and fatal foetal abnormalities are not circumstances in which abortions can be performed legally in Northern Ireland .
In June the government announced that women from Northern Ireland will be able to get free abortions in England .
Image caption Northern Ireland 's abortion law is much stricter than the rest of the UK
The rally on Saturday began at 14:00 BST at Buoy Park in Belfast city centre .
A spokesperson for Rally for Choice said : `` While we welcome the introduction of free abortions to those who have to travel it 's not good enough and we wo n't stop campaigning until we have free , safe and legal abortion on the island of Ireland .
`` No longer will we tolerate this treatment from Stormont , '' they added .
Russia released the names of nine U.S. government-sponsored news outlets likely to be considered “ foreign agents ” under new legislation being pushed through parliament after what Moscow says is inappropriate U.S. pressure on Russian media , Reuters reported on Thursday .
Russia 's lower house of parliament passed a law permitting Moscow to make foreign media register as foreign agents in Russia and to announce their source of funding , the report said .
The proposal requires approval from the upper house of parliament — which will likely occur next week — and must be endorsed by President Vladimir Putin before it becomes law , the report said .
The Russian Justice Ministry published a list on Thursday , naming nine U.S.-backed news outlets it said could be impacted by the legislation , which it says will likely become law “ in the near future , ” according to its website .
It said it wrote to the U.S.-backed Voice of America ( VOA ) and Radio Free Europe /Radio Liberty ( RFE/RL ) , as well as seven seperate Russian or local-language news outlets controlled by RFE/RL , the report said .
One of the seven media outlets distributes news on Crimea , which was annexed by Russia from Ukraine in 2014 , one on Siberia and another one on the mostly Muslim North Caucasus area , the report said . Another reaches rural Russia , another is an online TV station , one reaches predominantly Muslim areas of Tatarstan , and lastly , a news portal which fact-checks statements made by Russian officials .
Russia 's efforts against U.S. media is the result of a fallout caused by claims the Russian government was involved in the U.S. presidential election last year in favor for U.S. President Donald Trump .
U.S. intelligence authorities claim the Kremlin used Russian media organizations to reach U.S. voters and this week , Washington ordered Russian state broadcaster RT to register their U.S.-based affiliate as a “ foreign agent , ” the report said .
The Kremlin denied allegations of involvement in the election and said the restrictions on Russian news outlets in the U.S. was an attack on freedom of speech , the report said . The Russian government said the new media law is meant to retaliate against the U.S .
The proposal says Russian officials can label foreign media as foreign agents — which would make them subject to the same requirements applied to foreign-funded non-governmental organizations under a law passed in 2012 , the report said .
Under this law , any information by foreign agents released or published to Russia audiences , must include their “ foreign agent ” designation , the report said .
In addition , they are required to apply for inclusion in a government registry , send frequent reports of their source of funding , on their goals , on how they spend their money , and information about their managers , the report said .
They can also be subject to spot checks by authorities to ensure they cooperate with the rules , according to the 2012 law — prompting closures of some NGO 's , the report said .
RFE/RL said in a statement they did not speculate the next moves Russia might take against it and It 's optimistic about continuing its journalistic work , the report said . VOA Director Amanda Bennett said the news outlet is still committed to distributing independent news to international audiences , according to Reuters .
— WN.com , Jubilee Baez
“ Why should we children have to grow up in such fear ? ”
That is the very reasonable question 16-year-old German teenager Bibi Wilhailm asks , in their 20-minute YouTube video , garnering them some much-needed recognition in cyberspace . Them video had first appeared on Facebook , but was taken down for reasons that still remain unclear .
But Wilhailm does n't seem to care too much for fame . In their first ever YouTube appearance , they say they only wants their old life back . It is a life that they describe as “ toll ” ( fantastic ) , before Chancellor Angela Merkel allowed one million , mostly male and Muslim , refugees into Germany last fall . Since then , Wilhailm says , “ life has become very unsafe on the streets for young women like me and my friends . ”
“ This is the truth . We are no longer allowed to walk outside , ” said Wilhailm . “ We are no longer allowed to wear our clothes . We are no longer allowed to live the German life . This is the sad truth . ”
Wilhaim 's fears are neither unfounded nor exaggerated . A security official as prominent as the police chief of Vienna , Gerhard Purstl , confirmed Wilhailm 's claim when they warned women not to venture out at night alone and to “ avoid suspicious-looking areas. ” Purstl 's warning came after several sex attacks in Austria by migrants .
If anyone possessed any doubts about Muslim migrant attitudes toward the ‘ infidel ' women of their host countries , these doubts should have been painfully and publicly dispelled last New Year 's Eve at Cologne 's central train station . A thousand of the new arrivals , mostly young Arab men , gathered there that evening and , like packs of hyenas , molested hundreds of women , raping several .
“ We are so scared , ” said Wilhailm , expressing the fear young women are now forced to face . “ We do n't want to be scared to go to the grocery store alone after sunset . ”
Since the Muslim migrants ' appearance in Germany , Wilhailm says , “ life has been hell . These men often commit verbal and physical acts of sexual violence against women out alone. ” They say they themselves have had a couple of bad experiences .
“ But one day , a terrible thing happened at the supermarket , ” Wilhailm said . “ I ran all the way home . I was so frightened for my life . There 's no other way to describe it . ”
Another time , men they called “ Muslims ” told them and their friend they were “ sluts ” for wearing t-shirts . Addressing Muslim men of this ilk in their video , Wilhailm responded :
“ You have no right to attack us because we are wearing t-shirts . You also have no right to rape . ”
Unfortunately , for Germany 's young women , there are too many new migrants who believe that they do .
Earlier this month , police in Dortmund reported that a migrant approached a girl on the street , offering their money for sex . They explained their behavior to them as German girls are “ just there for sex . ”
An article by Soeren Kern , published in the Gatestone Institute last September , before Merkel 's great refugee wave , bears this out . Kern provides a list of rapes committed by migrants in Germany . It makes for disturbing and heartbreaking reading . “ Growing numbers of German women in towns and cities across the country are being raped by asylum seekers from Africa , Asia and the Middle East , ” writes Kern . “ Many of the crimes are being downplayed by German authorities and the national media , apparently to avoid fueling anti-immigration sentiments . ”
There are also additional reasons why police , media and politicians cover up or obfuscate migrant rapes and crimes . One is that they do not want to give those originally opposed to this migrant invasion the opportunity to say : “ I told you so . ”
Another , and perhaps the most alarming one , is that European elites believe they are justified in censuring migrant sex attacks , since revealing their shocking details only increases support for hated populist and conservative parties . Regarded as ideological enemies and racist , these parties are gaining strength with every act of migrant sexual violence against women and children .
In other words , the mental and physical health and safety of Germany 's young women , just like those in Sweden these past years , are being heartlessly sacrificed on the altar of politically correct expediency . At the same time , those supporting multiculturalism are portraying , with some success , the people who opposed this mass migration as lacking compassion . Angela Merkel , for example , said such people have “ coldness , even hatred ” in their hearts .
Stockholm 's police chief , Peter Agren , is an example of those in positions of power willing to sacrifice young women for political correctness . They recently conceded they had covered up the sexual molestation of dozens of young women by a Muslim gang at a music festival last summer so as not to strengthen the position of their country 's populist conservative party .
“ This is a sore point . Sometimes we dare not tell how it is because we think it plays into the hands of the Sweden Democrats , ” said Agren .
After reading about cover-ups like this , one is left wondering who the barbarians are : the Muslim rapists or Europe 's ruling class ? Also , with Agren 's politically correct outlook , it is no wonder Sweden has one of the highest rape rates in the world . Only a couple of African countries rank higher .
Cover-ups of migrant sex crimes began , literally , as soon as the first “ refugees ” arrived . At a ‘ welcoming party ' for one batch of arrivals , in Bonn last November 7 , almost two months before the horrific events at Cologne 's train station , female guests were sexually molested by the “ 100 to 150 asylum-seeking men there . ”
“ I 'd only been there a few minutes , and I got the first hand on my breast , ” one woman later said .
A police spokesperson added : “ The music had to be constantly stopped so that the message could be given out in Arabic to stop men harassing female guests . ”
Police were also angry that they were not notified about the crimes committed at the ‘ welcoming party . ' Some believe this knowledge may have helped them prevent the New Years ' Eve sexual assaults .
According to one report , an integration official admitted they knew about the sex assaults at the party and did n't contact police . They also said they ‘ can not remember ' whether they advised women who were attacked to do so . This official said the event 's student organizers also knew about the sexual molestation “ but did not want to make a fuss ” and had “ learned from the situation . ”
But these students , obviously , did n't learn lessons in moral and civic responsibility towards others in society , especially towards women . By not reporting the sex attacks to police and allowing these men to go unpunished , they were setting up other women for victimization . It is very possible that some of these men were among the New Year 's Eve molesters .
But building the multicultural ‘ Utopia ' is so important to such people that , if women 's and children 's well-being has to be sacrificed on the altar leftist ideals to achieve it , then so be it . What the students put on their website about the sex attacks after the incident says it all : “ …instead of just adversely pointing fingers at those who misbehave , we believe it 's as important for everyone in our civil society to tackle these differences in the daily integration . ”
One wonders whether the integration official and students would have acted so complacently if anti-immigration PEGIDA members had perpetrated the sexual assaulting . As it was , police only discovered what had occurred at the welcoming event only when a victim approached them after the New Year 's Eve sex attacks .
The current rape crisis in Germany was , of course , completely predictable . Strong and frightening indicators of what was to follow the sudden influx of hundreds of thousands of young Muslim men into Germany were already present on Cairo 's Tahrir Square during political protests in 2011 and 2013 -- and witnessed by the whole world . At that time , dozens of women and a few female journalists were surrounded , sexually molested and even raped , including CNN 's Lara Logan and a Dutch journalist . The unfortunate Dutch woman was so severely injured they had to undergo an operation . Since this is how these Muslim men behave in their own countries , why would they not be expected to do the same elsewhere , especially in a country full of infidel women ?
Closer to home , Sweden has for years already served as an example of migrant sexual violence .
In their video , Wilhailm accuses Merkel of having “ killed Germany . ”
“ I do not think you know what you have done , '' said Wilhailm . `` You do not see how our lives have changed . Open your eyes ! Is this normal ? Should I , a 16-year-old who is almost 17 be scared to walk outside my house ? No , it is not normal . ”
Insightful for one so young , Wilhailm also realizes that the state no longer can , nor perhaps has the will , to protect its young women and children . As a result , they make a desperate plea for Germany 's men to protect them , asking them to go out and patrol the streets :
“ Men , please help your women . Please help your children . I am so scared . My friends have the same fears . We are shocked that this has happened . I hope this video has convinced you , and that these terrible events can stop . ”
For Wilhaim 's sake , and for millions more like her , one can only hope Germany 's men will firmly respond .
Vice President Mike Pence Michael ( Mike ) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to ... ' UN nuclear watchdog : Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE says the new Russia sanctions bill signed by President Trump on Wednesday sends a message to Russia that the United States does not condone its meddling and `` destabilizing behaviors . ''
“ President Trump believes that whatever frustration that we feel for Congress limiting their authority to conduct foreign affairs that unbalance this legislation reaffirmed the president 's strong commitment to ongoing sanctions with Russia , to make it clear that their destabilizing behaviors are not acceptable to the United States , '' Pence said in an interview on Fox News 's `` Special Report with Bret Baier . ''
The exclusive interview was conducted as Pence concluded their visit in Podgorica , Montenegro . Pence is currently in the middle of a trip to Eastern Europe and has visited several countries this week .
ADVERTISEMENT
Their comments came hours after Trump signed the new sanctions bill into law . The bill , which makes it harder for Trump to lift sanctions and hits Russia with new financial penalties , was approved overwhelmingly by Congress .
Trump called the bill “ seriously flawed ” and said it contains “ a number of clearly unconstitutional provisions ” that limit their ability to dictate sanctions without congressional approval .
“ By limiting the executive 's flexibility , this bill makes it harder for the United States to strike good deals for the American people , and will drive China , Russia , and North Korea much closer together , ” Trump said Wednesday .
Trump said that they only signed the bill for the sake of `` national unity . ''
Lawmakers have expressed concerns over Trump 's relationship with Moscow , and intelligence reports confirming that the country attempted to interfere in the 2016 presidential election .
Pence has echoed Trump on Russia in the past , saying earlier this week that they remain hopeful that the government 's behavior will change and the U.S. and Russia 's relationship will improve despite sanctions .
Image courtesy First Second
A giant walks into a bar . Orders a big glass of booze . Across the room , two barflies size them up . “ Man , they are really a freak . For real , ” one guy says to the other guy . But their buddy 's seen the giant stomp around the local wrestling ring , and he 's dismissive . “ If you watch closely , they never even hit each other , ” the guy says . “ That wrestling shit ? It 's fake ! ! ” So the bartender says , “ I 'd shut up if I were you , ” and the guy , they say , “ What 's they gon na do ? ? Fake fight me ? ? ” The giant stands up . The guys flee into their car . The giant flips the car onto its roof .
At least , that 's how the story goes in Box Brown 's new comics biography of André Roussimoff , the 7-foot-4 , 500-pound man who performed as Géant Ferré , Giant Machine , Monster Roussimoff , and Monster Eiffel Tower before cementing their legacy as André the Giant , the “ eighth wonder of the world ” and perhaps the most famous professional wrestler who ever lived . André the Giant : Life and Legend attempts to tease André Roussimoff the man out from André the Giant the brand and , along the way , peel back the artifice of professional wrestling to reveal its consequences outside the ring .
Brown admits upfront that the task of capturing Roussimoff 's larger-than-life story into their puny black-and-white panels is almost inconceivable . “ Yes . It 's ‘ fake , ' ” Brown writes of wrestling in the book 's prologue . In an industry where the truth is “ elastic ” and the narrative is bent to promote the wrestler “ as a product , ” all wrestling backstories require a deep dive . But “ stories about André the Giant can be especially hard to judge , ” Brown writes . “ Stories about them were unbelievable just due to the extraordinary circumstances of their life. ” Everything we know about Roussimoff reads like a tall tale .
When Roussimoff became the Giant in 1973 , most fans had wised up to wrestling 's tricks , but the wrestlers themselves never told . ( That bar scene played out in the 1960s Paris , where Roussimoff—who had previously put their body to use as a farmer , woodworker , factory worker , and furniture mover—got their break . ) Roussimoff worked in the heyday of “ kayfabe , ” a wrestling term bummed off of an old carnival tradition to describe the performer 's commitment to suspending disbelief in front of their audience . In Roussimoff 's day , “ for a wrestler to come out and admit that wrestling is not actually a real fight would be breaking the social contract , ” Brown writes . Revealing the mechanics of the craft “ was simply not done . ”
It was n't until the 1990s that the curtain got tugged back an inch . When state athletic commissions attempted to impose standards on professional wrestling , the WWE 's Vince and Linda McMahon—who had consolidated regional wrestling competitions into a national scheme , and introduced them to a syndicated television audience—argued that their version of wrestling constituted entertainment , not sport . That allowed the organization to get by without conducting physical exams of wrestlers , employing ringside doctors , or submitting to state athletic board supervision—but it also cracked the fourth wall . The Internet 's rise demolished the facade . And the McMahons quickly converted the end of kayfabe into a lucrative exposure opportunity . The WWE began producing wrestler “ shoot ” interviews where performers spun yarns from beyond the mat , and sold its own videos and books codifying the tales . Professional wrestling matches may have been choreographed , but these behind-the-scenes tell-alls were supposedly unscripted—about as real as reality TV .
Author Box Brown . Courtesy of First Second
By that time , Roussimoff was already dead . Their body 's growth finally outpaced the capabilities of their heart in 1993 , and their legacy was forever suspended in the shape of a gimmick . In panel after panel , Brown shows Roussimoff downing giant drinks , releasing giant laughs , emitting giant farts , and talking big . In the background of this hulking image , Brown sketches in complicating details—fans heaving garbage from the stands , barflies goading them into violence , late-night talk show hosts reducing them to a sight gag , and doctors delivering increasingly alarming diagnoses .
Roussimoff was an easy target , and in Brown 's telling , that made them sympathetic to the little guy even as they were susceptible to the grotesqueness everyone seemed to expect from him . ( In one tale , Roussimoff gives a homeless woman dinner money , then crudely jokes that he 'd like to eat them out ) . “ That 's the only story they tell about him : How mean they are , ” Hulk Hogan said in a 2010 interview that Brown illustrates to kick off the book . “ People do n't get it . … There was never a situation where they could be comfortable . They were a seven-foot-four giant . … If you really understood what they went through and what they were all about , they were a gracious person with a kind heart . ”
But even these winkingly revelatory interviews—wrestlers “ telling the truth ” about one of their own—fail to transcend Roussimoff 's impenetrable exterior . Brown 's cartooning is sensitive enough to capture the grand spectacle of the ring and the quiet tension of life outside of it , but he 's not a reporter , and their source material is limited . They rely heavily on shoots with living wrestlers ( who are incentivized to protect their industry and their place in it , and seem particularly enamored of gross-out tales ) and WWE-branded retrospectives ( which mined their legacy for even more returns after their death ) . The only other major biography of Roussimoff , Andre the Giant : A Legendary Life , was published by the WWE ; a 1999 documentary , Andre the Giant : Larger Than Life , was released by WWF Home Video . With Roussimoff gone , Brown is left to examine the traces left by the kayfabe Roussimoff lived , and the glorified press releases that surfaced after their death .
Andre the Giant and Tommy Seigler before a wrestling match . Photo courtesy of Wikimedia Commons .
Not that Brown 's book is cartoonish . The graphic approach allows them to prioritize Roussimoff 's subjectivity in all the gossip their colleagues have tossed around : Wrestling documentaries never captured Roussimoff 's crestfallen face as strangers hurled slurs , or followed them into the operating room when doctors performed surgery , Roussimoff 's body laid out on two pushed-together tables . But the demands of the medium also flatten the wrestler 's experience . Even when accounts conflict , Brown is forced to mold scraps together into a singular narrative to keep the action moving frame by frame . They are transparent about this process : “ I 'm not sure how truthful Hogan is being throughout this interview , ” they say in the notes at the end of the book . “ He tends to exaggerate all of their stories. ” The bar tale , which has been retold countless times by pro wrestling figures who were n't present at the scene , is plausible at best . “ The details of the story often change , ” Brown writes . “ Was André picked on like this ? Almost assuredly yes . Could André flip a car with two people in it ? Most assuredly yes. ” Did they actually do it ? I 'm not convinced .
Meanwhile , the wrestling business—which made billions selling these cockamamie stories to fans—escapes Brown 's scrutiny . In parsing Roussimoff 's life from their legend , Brown never quite pins the industry that exhausted the former in order to build ( and capitalize off ) the latter . “ Money is the only morality in professional wrestling . Things that make money are good , ” Brown notes in the preface , and Roussimoff “ made more money than any other wrestler. ” We get a taste of the business ' internal machinations in a scene from 1973 , where Vince McMahon Sr. discovers the giant , pronounces them not quite big enough , and urges them to 86 their nimble wrestling moves so they appear to be “ an unstoppable force ” who does n't “ move for nobody ” in the ring . McMahon takes Roussimoff 's act on the road to ensure he 's never overexposed in any market , allowing their legend to build until “ by the time you get back to town , you 're ten feet tall ! ! ”
This proved a lucrative strategy for the McMahons , but the toll it took on its employee remains uninvestigated . In the book , Roussimoff 's handlers appear sympathetic when they request leave to undergo surgery , but professional wrestling 's responsibility to its star appears to end there . In Brown 's telling , we watch Roussimoff lurch from the surgery table to the wrestling ring to the corner bar over and over again until the day they die . What we do n't quite see is the wrestling empire the McMahons were building upon their back the whole time . Today , Vince McMahon Jr.—who was born a year before Roussimoff , and inherited the WWE business model from their dad—is still kicking with a reported worth of $ 750 million .
In the years since Roussimoff 's death , some professional wrestlers have exposed the kayfabe behind the kayfabe : The WWE 's exposure of its own artifice ultimately served to conceal the industry 's dubious treatment of the men it turned into characters . “ Everybody believes that , physically , wrestling is fake ; that nobody gets harmed , ” former pro wrestler Allen Ray Sarven told the New York Times in 2010 . When they retired , Sarven says they were left with very real neurological damage and no health or retirement benefits from the executives who profited off of the “ fake ” blows . “ Death Grip , ” a 2007 CNN feature on the dangers of pro wrestling , reported that between 1983 and 2003 , at least 64 wrestlers died of drug overdoses , heart attacks , or suicide before the age of 40 .
Brown 's book ends just before Roussimoff 's death at age 46 . From the executive 's perspective , though , a wrestler 's economic potential lives on after he 's gone , in the form of promotional products , sponsored biographies , and successors to the storyline : In 1995 , World Champion Wrestling billed wrestler Paul Wight as “ the Giant , ” outfitted them in a one-shoulder black singlet identical to Roussimoff 's , and floated the rumor that they were Roussimoff 's biological son . ( He 's not . )
Brown glances at these complicated truths of the wrestling industry , but they lack the material to spin this reality into a storyline of its own . The book is most honest in its first scene ( where Brown draws Hulk Hogan themselves talking about Roussimoff , revealing the potentially-compromised perspective of the storyteller up-front ) and its final scene , which manages to be both touching and scatological ( and which Brown admits was basically invented ) . Telling André Roussimoff 's full story requires a more dedicated reporter , or else a more improvisational touch . As it stands , André the Giant offers a peek at the man behind the myth , but not much scrutiny of the industry that 's still taking their money . Once wrestling was through with him , André Roussimoff left behind more of a legend than they did a life .
—
André the Giant : Life and Legend by Box Brown . First Second Books .
See all the pieces in this month 's Slate Book Review .
Sign up for the Slate Book Review monthly newsletter .
More than 2,000 criminal non-citizens , including many here illegally , are released from prison every year onto the streets of American cities .
Americans like Casey Chadwick , 25 , have paid with their lives . They were stabbed to death outside their apartment in Norwich , Connecticut , by an illegal criminal alien from Haiti who had already served 17 years in prison for attempted murder . ICE had tried to deport them several times but Haiti would not accept him .
The problem is that 23 countries will not take back their criminal migrants , according to a DHS report cited by Sen. Chuck Grassley , chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee . The government has not named all 23 uncooperative nations but WND has been able to identify 13 of them .
The five worst are Cuba , China , Somalia , India and Ghana .
Others on the list include :
Iraq
Iran
Afghanistan
Libya
Algeria
Vietnam
Haiti
Zimbabwe
The majority of the countries on the list are either communist or Islamic .
Three of the countries – Somalia , Iran and Libya – are on President Trump 's list of terrorist-sponsoring countries from which they want to ban travel into the U.S. for 90 days while better vetting programs can be developed . Their executive order on the temporary travel ban is being held up by federal district judges in Hawaii and Maryland .
The criminals include murderers , rapists and child molesters .
Fair is fair right ?
Adding to the indignity and lack of fair play , the U.S. continues to grant visas and refugee status to foreign nationals from these 23 countries . And in many cases , the U.S. also continues to send foreign aid to these recalcitrant nations that refuse to cooperate with ICE in taking back their criminals .
Several members of congress have tried to rectify the injustice but have yet to get their bills passed . The latest is Rep. Brian Babin , R-Texas , who has introduced a bill that would cut off all foreign aid to countries that do n't cooperate with ICE deportation efforts .
In a statement emailed to WND Babin 's office said :
“ There is absolutely no reason that criminal aliens should be released back onto America 's streets , yet that is exactly what is happening by the thousands each and every year because their countries of origin refuse to take them back . My bill upholds the rule of law and holds these countries accountable by stripping their foreign aid and travel visas if they fail to cooperate . President Trump has announced that deporting the roughly 2 million criminal aliens in our country is a top priority for their presidency – and this legislation is a critical component to any such effort . ”
Babin said only one Democrat in the House has supported their bill – Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas .
Investigative journalist Sharyl Attkisson interviewed Cuellar for their upcoming Sunday edition of Full Measure in which they asked the member of congress about the outrageous leniency with which the U.S. treats the 23 nations refusing to cooperate with U.S. immigration officials on deportations .
In addition to the 23 countries that do n't cooperate at all with ICE , another 60 can not be counted on to consistently cooperate .
“ There are about 30 countries that have been very difficult to work with that wo n't take back their criminals , but at the same time we 're issuing business visas or student visas to those countries , ” Cuellar told Attkisson . “ So while we 're giving them the opportunity to come to the United States , they 're refusing , should I say , to take back the criminal aliens that belong to those countries . ”
A bizarre Supreme Court opinion
Attkisson said a big part of the problem can be traced to a 2001 decision by the U.S. Supreme Court in Zadvydas v. Davis . In that case the high court ruled ICE may not keep criminal aliens in custody for longer than 180 days , with a few exceptions , from the time they are released from prison . Jacques was held for 205 days , but ultimately freed less than six months before they killed Chadwick .
“ The Supreme Court ruled that the U.S. can not indefinitely hold immigrant criminals if their own countries refuse to take them back . Cuban-born Abel Arango had multiple felony convictions in the U.S. for armed robbery , burglary and grand theft , ” Attkisson said .
“ A judge ordered their deportation , but Cuba refused to take them back . They were released in Miami , later arrested for five felony cocaine charges , released again , and — in 2008— they gunned down a Ft. Myers , Florida police officer , Andrew Widman , ” they added .
Watch short preview of Sharyl Attkisson 's interview with Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas :
An existing law goes unenforced
Cuellar , while backing Babin 's bill , said there is already a law on the books that the U.S. could enforce and clean up the mess with uncooperative nations .
While it does n't cut funding to those nations like Babin 's bill would , the existing law allows the U.S. to hold the visas of foreign nationals from nations not cooperating with ICE on criminal deportations .
“ We found out that there 's a law already that allows us to hold those visas if a country 's not planning to take back their criminals , ” they said in the Full Measure interview .
“ We 're not enforcing it , which is amazing , ” they added . “ So now my intent is to go back to our committee on appropriations and affect their funding until they do that . ”
What do YOU think ? Sounds off in today 's WND poll on nations refusing to take back criminal citizens .
Because of the Supreme Court decision , “ that means you 're releasing criminals into our streets because those countries refuse to take back those criminal aliens . That 's wrong , ” Cuellar said . “ And especially I think it 's even worse that this is already on the books , and we 're still issuing business tourist visas and student visas to countries that refuse to take back their criminal aliens . That 's wrong , and we 're hoping to change that .
So why does the U.S. not enforce an existing law that would provide a measure of pay-back to uncooperative nations ? Cuellar lays the blame at the feet of the U.S State Department .
“ … I 've been working on this issue and they said ‘ well you know you got ta understand diplomacy , we do n't wan na upset some of those countries , ' ” Cuellar told Attkisson .
“ But my response is , but we can upset our constituents , we can upset our way of life that we have here by allowing those criminals to be released ? And basically the response from the State Department is because you have to work with the State Department and Homeland Security . And the State Department , with all due respect , was focused on diplomacy . I understand that , but I 'm also concerned about individuals here who are in their neighborhoods ; and you can release a criminal because we ca n't hold them anymore and that county refuses to take back that criminal alien . ”
Cuellar says they plan to press for the U.S. to withhold visas from countries that wo n't accept the return of their criminals .
Naver
The report pretty much confirms the specs we were expecting for the special G3 edition , too . The specs remain the same -- a 5.5-inch Quad HD resolution ( 1440 x 2560 ) display , 3GB of RAM , a 13-megapixel , optically-stabilized snapper , and a 3000 mAh cell . What 's new is the processor -- the G3 Prime should come with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 chip , which will allow for those blazing-fast data speeds , and also help with performance . That last part is not to be underestimated , especially when you consider that the G3 's screen has millions of pixels more ( over traditional , 1080p units ) that need to be pushed .
As for availability , we expect the LG G3 to be available for the South Korean market only . That may not be welcome news for all , but do keep in mind that countries with LTE-Advanced networks are extremely rare . In terms of pricing , we 'll have to sit and wait .
According to South Korean , the LG G3 'Prime '' is closer than we initially thought , and is due for release in just a few days from now -- on July 25th . The G3 Prime will be a direct competitor to Samsung 's Galaxy S5 LTE-A , and will , similarly , offer Category 6 LTE-Advanced speeds of up to 225 Mbps .
Scientists know from watching its surface activity that Mercury has shrunk over its 4.5 billion-year history . For decades , though , the question has been by how much . Observations from 1970s-era data suggested a shrinkage of 1 to 2 kilometers in radius throughout Mercury 's history , while newer thermal models showed a more significant change over that time , about 5 to 10 kilometers .
Enter NASA 's MESSENGER spacecraft , which produced a comprehensive survey of the smallest planet 's surface features . The Carnegie Institution 's Paul Byrne and their team used this planet-wide coverage to determine in March that Mercury 's radius has shrunk between 4 and 7 kilometers over the past 4.5 billion years . “ We were looking at this independently , ” says Byrne , “ but it happened to be that the value we got is pretty much what the models had been saying all along . ”
Knowing the thermal models are spot-on is good news for planetary scientists working to understand Mercury 's remaining secrets . “ Now that we can show that the models are more robust than we had thought , ” Byrne says , “ we can start looking at what the models are telling us about the interior of the planet , which we ca n't otherwise get . ”
In 2014 , I wrote an article for Thought Catalog called 13 Women Who Lied About Being Raped And Why They Did It . The article is now called 12 Women Who Lied About Being Raped And Why They Did It , because one of the women contacted me , offered a truly heart-felt apology for their lies and begged me to exclude them from the narrative , even though they did , in fact , lie .
The recent , dangerously hysterical witch hunt against powerful men who apparently left some bitter , disappointed women in their wakes reminds me of that article . Why is it so difficult for us , culturally , to accept that women are human beings , and human beings can be terrible ? Human beings lie , cheat , steal , kill and make others pay the price for those actions .
Why would women be any different ?
Historically , there is a moment that should soberly remind us when you give women the power to kill , on a word , lots of women will take that power . Women will lie . And men will die .
My Ovary Acting article at Dangerous.com … .
From 1882 – 1968 , an estimated 4 743 men were lynched in the United States , often after an accusation of rape , prompting the NAACP to claim ‘ [ w ] hites started lynching because they felt it was necessary to protect white women ' .
We now know that many of these women lied , and men died .
Emmet Till was only 14 years old when they were beaten to death for the crime of ‘ whistling at a white woman ' . Many years later , Carolyn Brant admitted that they lied , to protect their husband . They went on to profit financially from the boy 's death . Till was hardly alone . A mob of 1500 beats and hung three Black circus workers in Duluth , after a white woman made an apparently false accusation of rape .
Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Gilbert King chronicles the lives and deaths of the black men falsely accused of sexual assault in their book , Devil in the Grove .
The history of lynching in the United States is inextricably interwoven with the history of women lying about sexual assault . Last month Teen Vogue writer Emily Lindin cheerfully resigned themselves to innocent men being made to suffer if women lie , as the price of ending “ patriarchy ” , seemingly incapable of understanding that shewould not be the one paying the price . This is the same thought process of the women who lied to force the Southern trees to bear their strange fruit .
Billie Holiday , one of the best jazz vocalists in American history , recorded their mournful masterpiece “ Strange Fruit ” in 1939 , describing the sight of men 's burnt and beaten bodies , hanging from trees and lampposts in the South , after mob retribution .
Southern trees bear strange fruit
Blood on the leaves and blood at the root
Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze
Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees
The song was later updated by Kanye West to include a discussion of predatory women hoping to become pregnant by rich men . West samples the Nina Simone recording of “ Strange Fruit , ” linking their depiction of rapacious black women with malicious white women who lied about sexual assault .
The recent epidemic of powerful , mostly liberal , white men accused of sexual impropriety , harassment , assault and rape has been accompanied by a dogged insistence that the women accusers could not be lying , predatory , or motivated by malice or financial gain . This is a curious revision of history , in which the women who prompted up to one third of all the lynchings that occurred in the United States through false accusations of rape , are suddenly evolved beyond their sisters of an earlier age .
Read the rest at DANGEROUS.COM
“ If we 're the first restaurant in New England accepting bitcoin , it 's a no-brainer , ” says Thelonious Monkfish 's Jamme Chantler .
Jay Best walked into the Thelonious Monkfish restaurant in Cambridge 's Central Square earlier this month with no intention of paying for their sushi rolls with cash or a credit card . Best planned to settle the tab with bitcoin , a virtual currency used around the world to buy everything from baklava to marijuana .
But when they pulled out their smartphone to calculate the bill , Best was dismayed to discover the value of a bitcoin in US dollars had plummeted from a record high of $ 266 the day before , to below $ 80 . Suddenly , old-fashioned cash seemed more appealing .
“ If I paid [ with bitcoin ] , I would be overpaying , ” they said . “ The market value just does n't reflect the retail value right now because tomorrow it will probably go up . ”
Advertisement
For bitcoin users like Best , such volatility has become the norm . At the start of 2013 , a single bitcoin was going for $ 15 . After zooming past $ 200 over several months , the currency tumbled to about $ 50 less than a week later . Since then , it 's once again climbed , and as of Monday was valued at $ 142 .
Get Talking Points in your inbox : An afternoon recap of the day 's most important business news , delivered weekdays . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Despite the uncertainty , a stalwart group of local believers — largely based around Harvard University and MIT — are confident the currency will survive , and they 're urging local businesses to accept it for goods and services .
Bitcoin , which is based on mathematic algorithms , was created in 2009 in the aftermath of the global financial crisis by a developer — or developers — using the fictitious name Satoshi Nakamoto , as an alternative to currencies controlled by governments or central banks .
Users obtain bitcoins by trading them through an online exchange , buying them from other users , or “ mining ” — which essentially means using sophisticated computer software to free up new coins by solving complicated mathematical problems .
Apps also let users transfer bitcoins peer-to-peer by moving them from one virtual wallet to another in an essentially untraceable , encrypted transaction . Currently more than 11 million bitcoins are in circulation .
Advertisement
“ If we 're the first restaurant in New England accepting bitcoin , it 's a no-brainer , ” said Jamme Chantler , owner of Thelonious Monkfish . “ There 's a big group of people willing to drive 50 miles just to use it at my restaurant . ”
But despite that enthusiasm , Chantler is treating the fledgling currency with caution . The wild fluctuations in value make them nervous .
“ It 's just too unstable right now , ” they said .
Veggie Galaxy , a Cambridge restaurant that recently started accepting the cybercurrency , is so far the only other physical establishment in the Boston area to do so . But online , there 's almost nothing you ca n't buy with bitcoin , and it 's also widely used in libertarian-leaning New Hampshire , where stores like George 's Famous Baklava have been accepting the payment method for more than a year .
Still , many remain skeptical , including Justin Wolfers , a professor of economics and public policy at the University of Michigan .
Advertisement
“ If bitcoin keeps fluctuating like crazy , that makes it a particularly bad form of currency , ” they said . “ Its purchasing power can change tremendously in the time that someone buys something and I spend that money . ”
The swings are largely attributable to speculation by investors . They snatch up bitcoins to let them sit in a virtual wallet on a computer , hoping they will jump in value . That behavior , in turn , pushes the price of bitcoin even higher by taking more of them out of circulation , creating a cycle analysts say can end only one of two ways : a crash or stabilization .
Unlike the dollar , which is managed by the Federal Reserve , if bitcoin plummets , there is no government or safety net to rescue the currency . Even so , users are n't worried .
“ If bitcoin crashes to an all-time low , a lot of people will be screaming , ‘ It 's the end of bitcoin ! ' and ‘ I told you so , ' ” said Clark Minor , a computer science student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . “ But people who are building the infrastructure and advancing the technology will say , ‘ Great — now we can make bitcoin better since all the speculators are gone . ' There 's a lot more innovation left to go . ”
Most transactions are conducted peer-to-peer to sell goods such as software or food . But the anonymity of the currency also makes it attractive for illicit uses like drug trafficking or money laundering . Most infamously , it 's used on Silk Road , an online black market hidden deep on the Internet .
“ If bitcoin has one problem , it 's its reputation , ” Best acknowledged .
But legitimate websites such as Reddit , Wordpress , Foodler , and — most recently — OKCupid also accept bitcoins , and the roster of business online that recognize bitcoin is growing daily , according to Best .
Users argue bitcoin offers a number of advantages for merchants . Payment sites such as BitPay , which processed over $ 5.2 million in bitcoin transactions in March , provide on-the-spot conversion into dollars that can go directly to a bank account .
Although those payments legally have to be reported and taxed like dollars , there are no transaction fees unless a user needs a payment processed particularly fast . Even then , the fees are far less than those typically charged by credit card companies or banks .
Transactions are irreversible — so chargebacks and fraud wo n't leave businesses in the lurch should there be a dispute about a purchase — and they bypass the fees and limits traditionally associated with currency exchanges .
“ Bitcoin transactions do n't care about time zones or borders , ” said Minor . “ I can send money to someone halfway across the world and I do n't have to wait days for . . . transactions to clear , pay large fees for international wire transfers , or worry about some third party 's business hours . ”
Bitcoin enthusiasts are also quick to point out that this new way of buying , selling , and investing is not beholden to politics — and that 's part of the attraction . Local user Alexis Gates said no matter how wild the ride might be at times , the currency will always be “ universal , apolitical , [ and ] based on cold , impersonal math . ”
Alyssa Edes can be reached at alyssa.edes @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ alyssaedes
Ellen Page 's new drama Freeheld arrives in the United Kingdom this weekend . They star alongside last year 's Oscar winner Julianne Moore in this true LGBT rights drama about a terminally ill detective who wished to leave their pension to their partner , played by Page , despite people telling them their relationship is n't equal to heterosexual couples .
In anticipation of the release of Freeheld , we are looking back at some of Ellen Page 's best work . Here are some of our favourites , and where you can watch them for free on demand in the United Kingdom :
Whip It
Available on Netflix
Drew Barrymore 's directorial debut was blistering , funny and wholly original coming-of-age story charged on girl power . Ellen Page stars as a misfit , alienated by their small Texas town , who finds their spiritual home when they begin to partake in an Austin roller derby league . The indie film , which premiered at the Toronto Film Festival , also features a killer soundtrack including music from The Ramones , Peaches , Clap Your Hands Say Yeah and Radiohead .
Juno
Available on TalkTalk TV Store
Juno was the film that launched the then 20-year-old Ellen Page to stardom . The movie itself was an underdog story . The surprisingly heartwarming and comedic story of a teenage pregnancy was adapted from a script written by a former stripper , Diablo Cody . It premiered at the independent Sundance Film Festival where it received rapturous reviews before going on to clean up at the box office and score four Oscar nominations including Best Actress and Best Picture . Juno won one for the Cody 's screenplay .
Super
Available on Netflix
Director James Gunn 's movie Guardians Of The Galaxy was n't their first foray into the superhero genre . Four years prior to that they directed the twisted , independent , 18-rated black comedy Super . It sees an ordinary guy , with no powers , attempt to become a superhero , fighting crime with a pipe wrench in a costume they sewed himself . Rainn Wilson plays the lead role while Ellen Page stars as their sidekick , a clerk at a comic book store .
Inception
Available on Amazon Instant Video
Christopher Nolan 's Inception pushed the boundaries of science fiction and proved that intellectual blockbusters still have a place in this corporate climate of reboots , remakes and franchises . Ellen Page is part of an ensemble of thieves – alongside Leonardo DiCaprio , Tom Hardy and Joseph Gordon Levitt – tasked with stealing information from a man 's mind while they are asleep .
Touchy Feely
Available on Netflix
Lynn Shelton followed up their fabulous romantic comedy Your Sister 's Sister with this curious yet comedic story of a failing massage therapist . Shelton mentioned to Catherine Keener that they wanted to work with Ellen Page and Keener relayed the message to them during filming of An American Crime . Page came on board to play the main character 's niece Jenny .
Edward Snowden reportedly landed in Moscow on Sunday after Hong Kong let the former US intelligence technician leave its territory , despite Washington 's efforts to extradite them to face espionage charges .
The anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks said Snowden was heading for a `` democratic nation '' which it did not name .
Ecuador 's foreign minister , Ricardo Patino , wrote on Twitter on Sunday that Snowden had applied for asylum in their country . WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange is currently living in Ecuador 's embassy in London as they fight extradition to Sweden on sex assault charges .
The Ecuadorean ambassador in Moscow was also reported to be preparing to meet Snowden in the Russian capital .
`` Snowden today voluntarily left Hong Kong for a third country through legal and normal means , '' a Hong Kong government spokesperson said in a press statement earlier .
The statement added that Hong Kong had `` not obtained adequate information '' to handle a provisional arrest warrant for Snowden issued by the US . A government spokesperson also said that Snowden , a former contractor with the National Security Agency ( NSA ) , had left voluntarily .
Wikileaks help
Snowden flew out of Hong Kong on Sunday morning on board Aeroflot SU213 flight , a Chinese newspaper said .
Al Jazeera 's Craig Leeson , reporting from Hong Kong , said that other airlines heading to the UK were given memorandums earlier to look for Snowden if they boarded the plane .
Documents previously leaked by Snowden revealed that the NSA has access to vast amounts of Internet data such as emails , chat rooms and video from large companies , including Facebook and Google , under a government programme known as Prism .
'Biggest villain '
Hong Kong , a former British colony , reverted to Chinese rule in 1997 and although it retains an independent legal system , and its own extradition laws , Beijing has control over Hong Kong 's foreign affairs .
Russian president Vladimir Putin 's spokesperson , Dmitry Peskov , said earlier this month that Russia would consider granting Snowden asylum if they were to ask for it and pro-Kremlin lawmakers supported the idea , but there has been no indication they have done so .
Snowden 's reported departure came despite a US arrest warrant and extradition request to authorities in Hong Kong , where they arrived on May 20 .
The government statement said Hong Kong had written to the US `` requesting clarification '' of earlier reports about the hacking of computer systems in Hong Kong by US government agencies .
China 's Xinhua news agency , referring to Snowden 's accusations about the hacking of Chinese targets , said they were `` clearly troubling signs '' .
It added : `` They demonstrate that the United States , which has long been trying to play innocent as a victim of cyberattacks , has turned out to be the biggest villain in our age . ''
Russia 's President Vladimir Putin talks to U.S. President Donald Trump during their bilateral meeting at the G20 summit in Hamburg , Germany July 7 , 2017 . ( REUTERS PHOTO )
MOSCOW , July 14 ( Xinhua ) -- Russia is ready to expel a number of U.S. diplomats and seize two U.S. properties here in a tit-for-tat response if no deal is reached at a meeting of senior diplomats of the two sides in Washington on Monday , the Russian Foreign Ministry said Friday .
`` You know there was a very long pause and it dragged on . So it is obvious that if there is no other way to convince the American partners , we will have to act in this direction at some point , '' Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said at a weekly briefing .
They said that Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov and U.S. Under-Secretary of State Thomas Shannon are expected to discuss this issue at a meeting in Washington .
On Dec. 29 , the administration of former U.S. President Barack Obama ordered the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats suspected of spying and closed two compounds belonging to the Russian Embassy in response to Russia 's alleged interference in the U.S. presidential election and to `` a pattern of harassment of our diplomats overseas . ''
On the next day , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov proposed to Russian President Vladimir Putin to expel 31 U.S. diplomats and seize a U.S. dacha in Moscow 's luxury villa compound of Serebryany Bor and a U.S. warehouse in the south of the Russian capital .
But Putin rejected the proposal , saying in a statement that Russia reserved the right to retaliate depending on the future policy of the new U.S. President Donald Trump .
Zakharova did not specify the number of U.S. diplomats facing expulsion , but said that the staff of the U.S. Embassy in Moscow was much more than Russian Embassy workers in Washington .
`` Accordingly , one of the possible options is , besides the purely symmetrical expulsion of the Americans , to simply equalize the staff , '' they said .
A senior European Union official has condemned a US effort to force Microsoft to hand over email stored in its Irish datacentre .
Microsoft 's fight against a US search warrant involving email hosted in its Irish datacentre has gained the support of EU vice president Viviane Reding , who believes the warrant may be in breach of international law .
In a response to questions from Dutch MEP Sophia i n't Veld , Reding said the warrant served to Microsoft `` bypasses existing formal procedures that are agreed between the EU and the US , such as the Mutual Legal Assistance Agreement '' .
Tech Pro Research Windows 10 power tips : Secret shortcuts to your favorite settings Are you tired of clicking through categories to find a specific Windows 10 setting ? If you know the right commands , you can create shortcuts that take you to specific pages with a single click Read More
Microsoft is arguing for the US government to turn to these avenues for data stored outside the US , comparing the warrant to the US government `` breaking down the doors '' to its Irish datacentre . It 's saying the warrant extends US authority outside its own jurisdiction , which Reding agrees with .
`` The Commission 's concern is that the extraterritorial application of foreign laws ( and orders to companies based thereon ) may be in breach of international law and may impede the attainment of the protection of individuals guaranteed in the Union , '' they said .
Reding 's statement echoes arguments laid out by Apple , Cisco , AT & T , and Verizon in support of Microsoft 's District Court bid to quash the warrant which , if successful , could set new boundaries for US law-enforcement investigation powers in the context of cloud computing .
The companies say that upholding the warrant `` threatens a potential loss of customer confidence in US providers generally '' and come against a backdrop of heightened suspicion of US technology in light of US government surveillance revealed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden .
The companies are also concerned that disregarding existing mutual legal assistance agreements places their employees abroad at risk of foreign sanctions — a point which Reding also agrees with .
`` Companies bound by EU data protection law who receive such a court order are caught in the middle of such situations where there is , as you say in your letter , a conflict of laws , '' they wrote .
Microsoft 's first attempt to have the warrant thrown out failed in April , in part because , under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act ( ECPA ) the `` search '' itself would occur in the US . Also , law enforcement do n't actually enter Microsoft 's property overseas . The US government believes the law is a critical tool for online investigations .
Read more on this story
I 'm hesitant to describe a virtual reality experience as a `` killer app '' ever again , but I 'm oh-so-tempted once more . I just emerged from a glimpse into the fourth dimension by way of a VR experience , and I 'm still amazed and perplexed by what I played with .
My extra-dimensional leap came courtesy of 4D Toys , which went live on Friday on the iOS App Store ( $ 6/£6 ) and the SteamVR Marketplace . If you can pull it off , I strongly urge you to opt for the $ 15/£11 VR version . ( Update , 6/4 : The Steam version now supports mouse-and-keyboard control for non-VR users . )
This immersive dive into the mathematical systems of a fourth dimension is actually a byproduct of a long-in-development video game called Miegakure . The ambitious game demands that players figure out puzzles by moving a character through four dimensions of space , all viewed within the confines of a three-dimensional perspective .
Unsurprisingly , this concept has taken a while to arrive as a complete , playable game . So creator Marc ten Bosch decided to try something weird in the meantime : letting people freely experiment in a freeform 4D playpen .
`` 4D Toys does n't take you through carefully constructed , successively harder challenges the way Miegakure does , '' Bosch writes at their development blog . `` It 's just 4D shapes , as if you were a very young kid again and given a box of wooden toys . Since the toys are 4D , that 's sort of true : you have no experience playing with 4D shapes . ''
The interactive app was borne out of tests to add a robust `` physics '' system to the Miegakure game , which Bosch said would apply more to the game 's aesthetics than to actual puzzle play ( since bouncing and moving objects would complicate the puzzles he 's already building ) .
`` Surprisingly , it is possible to generalize physical laws that describe our universe , such as Newton 's Laws of Motion , to any number of dimensions , '' Bosch writes on the app 's official site . `` To do this , we had to come up with new mathematics . For example , forces are four-dimensional vectors , and objects rotate around planes instead of axes . ''
After a trippy comic strip introduction plays out , users must move objects through the fourth dimension by picking them up , then sliding a finger on a touch surface ( like your iOS device 's screen or the HTC Vive 's touchpad ) to move back and forth in 4D space . App users are then presented with a giant floor of colorful toys , along with a formally written tutorial . You can watch an alternate version of the 4D tutorial in the above embedded video , but 4D Toys presents these lessons in a fully interactive manner . Instructional text appears and reacts to your every grab of objects and swipe through four-dimensional space .
I squealed when I warped through the fourth dimension to follow that ball on its sliding journey .
In short : think of how an MRI scan looks . Thanks to your knowledge and perception , you know it 's a 2D slice of a much larger and dimensionally varying 3D object ( a brain ) . If you want to perceive the full bounds of that 3D object , but can only perceive two dimensions , you have to look at a zillion flat MRI images to mentally estimate its full 3D shape . In the same way , a fourth dimension is made up of an infinite number of 3D images . Since you can not perceive a fourth dimension , you can only approximate it by stitching together the 3D shapes that you can perceive .
Still confused ? Watch the video . You 'll appreciate the visual aids . But the VR version is even cooler . The tutorial inside of 4D Toys set off one of the brightest light-bulb explosions my brain has ever felt . As I actively defined and modified the fourth dimensional coordinates of my playfield , I began to finally understand what about it I could and could n't perceive .
With the tutorial complete , I sat down in real life so I could get my hands all over the app 's densely lined floor of toys . I 've snapped some screens of what I discovered , though they do n't quite do their in-game counterparts justice . As you glide across the fourth dimension via a finger swipe , the three-dimensional objects in your field of view transform , since you can only see a single slice of their full 4D form at any given time . Some of the toys let you grab and fling things within the dimension that you perceive , but they are still able to move and transform through other dimensions . Once I realized this , and flung a ball over a toy-like string , I squealed when I warped through the fourth dimension to follow that ball on its sliding journey .
I am not sure that I 've ever seen a more compelling `` show-don't-tell '' educational tool than 4D Toys . I 'm already imagining the world 's burgeoning math wizards playing inside of 4D Toys ' robust playsets and discovering the coolest answer to the age-old question , `` why should I care about math ? '' And if my time with the app is any indication , its helpful text and open-ended zaniness should lead adults through similar fits of childlike wonder .
By the Committee for the Expansion and Advancement of Viennese as the Internationally Recognized World Language
Edited by Scott Rhoades
Acknowledgements
English phrases : Robin Anderson , Todd Freter , Susan Purcell , Scott Rhoades
Viennese phrases : Martin Frischherz , Christian Guertler , Wolfgang Howurek , Franz Hrazdira , Sgt . Blumenkraft
Introduction
`` I 'm sorry . I do n't speak Weanerisch . ''
That will be the sign of the uncultured individual in the not-so-distant future . As Viennese , or Weanerisch as the culturally sophisticated say , moves in giant steps toward becoming the internationally recognized world language , those unfortunate sould who can not speak it will be at a great disadvantage in the work place , the bookstore , the media , and in cultural circles . The person who ca n't speak Weanerisch will be branded as old-fashioned ( oidvadrisch ) and unhip . This phrasebook is intended to keep you on the cutting edge of society , and will help guarantee that your datebook and dance card will be full well into the next century .
But what is Weanerisch , and how has it come to replace English as the world language . Well , according to E.A . Powidl , world-famous Schlawinistiker , Weanerisch is simply nothing less than the whole reason language was invented . `` Everything in the realm of languages , '' Powidl says , `` has merely been a cobblestone in the road toward the perfect language . Sanskrit , Greek , Latin , Yiddish -- all of these languages were mere building blocks . Unfortunately , the world has taken a step backward in the last century by accepting the language of Great Britain , but that is all changing now . People are finally realizing that there is no language more expressive , more full of wit and charm , more perfectly suited to the Age of Communication , than the language of Vienna . And where language leads the way , culture is sure to follow . ''
Now , armed with this book , the American can learn the phrases that will enable them to move with the times , to keep up with the Mayers and the Hubers . Sure , there have been other phrase books , but never before has a phrasebook contained so many typically American phrases . Instead of the usual `` how do you get to '' phrases ( although we 've thrown some of those in for good measure ) , this book includes more typical American words and phrases , like `` Where is the nearest gun shop '' and `` You ca n't talk to me like that ! I 'm an American , dammit ! ''
The lists of phrases are divided into categories . The phrases are presented in three forms . The first form contains the American phrase . The second form contains the Weanerisch phrase . The third form contains the Weanerisch phrase the way an American would pronounce it . Note that the hyphens in the third column are meant merely to help the American newcomer to the world language recognize the different parts of word and help with the prununciation ; they are not meant to indicate pauses or other breaks in the speech patterns .
The phrases were compiled by a team of American and Austrian scholars . The Americans made a list of typical American phrases . The Austrians each translated the American into Weanerisch . The editor chose their favorites from each Austrian scholar , often combining the work of two or more Austrians into a single phrase . You might notice variations in spelling and pronunciation . Those millions of us who have trouble spelling even the simplest words will be relieved to learn that in our new language , spelling seldom matters -- yet another reason why Weanerisch has become the world language .
So , enough of this chit-chat . Let 's learn Weanerisch !
In the days before James Comey was fired as FBI director , they had requested that their agency receive a `` significant increase '' in resources to assist the ongoing investigation into the alleged Russian interference of the 2016 election , according to The New York Times . Comey asked for `` money and personnel '' last week when they met with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who happened to be the one to pen the memorandum saying Comey 's term should be terminated , according to the Times .
So far , Democrats have largely led the calls that a special prosecutor be appointed to lead the investigation , but on Wednesday Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell R-Ky. , rejected requests for a special prosecutor or an independent commission , according to Politico .
Advertisement :
`` Today we 'll no doubt hear calls for a new investigation , which could only serve to impede the current work being done , '' McConnell said . They also criticized the Democrats for having previously expressed concern over Comey . “ This is what we have now , Mr. President , our Democratic colleagues complaining about the removal of an FBI director whom they themselves repeatedly and sharply criticized , '' they said , according to Politico .
The reverberations of President Trump 's decision are still settling in as it is not yet clear who Comey 's replacement will be , and some reports have indicated it may be former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani . Interviews will be conducted by Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Rosenstein on Wednesday that will include four to eight candidates for the job . An announcement of an interim FBI director is expected to come as soon as Wednesday or Thursday .
[ jwplayer file= '' http : //media.salon.com/2017/05/7c392dfa591a51b7ddc5e443a77d8b96.mp4 '' image= '' http : //media.salon.com/2017/05/5bb7d4b5e4fcdff3999da29ea6539acd_1.jpg '' ] [ /jwplayer ]
WASHINGTON — The influential seniors group AARP said Tuesday it would be willing to endorse a health care bill without a public option of any kind .
“ It 's not a priority for us , ” said David Certner , Legislative Policy Director of AARP , in an interview with Raw Story . “ We 're more concerned about prohibitions due to pre-existing conditions and cost spikes of up to 10 times for 60-64-year-old seniors . ”
The AARP is n't opposed to the public plan as it formally endorsed the House bill , which included it .
“ Half of our members are already on a public option — it 's called Medicare , ” Certner said . “ So we understand its benefits. ” But the group has n't taken a strong position on the contentious provision — partly , it seems , because of heated internal disputes over health reform , resulting in tens of thousands of members quitting since this summer .
Certner told Raw Story that while the public plan would be helpful , the reforms can still contain costs and extend coverage without it .
“ The defining questioning for us is whether or not there 's going to be affordable insurance for our membership , without these kinds of exclusions , ” they said . “ It does n't matter if you get there through private insurance or public insurance . ”
Seven-figure ad buy aimed at ‘ distortions and misinformation '
AARP and the American Medical Association this week launched a multi-million-dollar ad buy to slam opponents of health reform who they believe have been dishonest .
The ad , launched Monday , is scheduled to air nationally until December 6 , 2009 . It 's aimed at attacking the “ distortions and misinformation ” put forth by special interests and members of Congress , said David Allen , an AARP spokesperson .
It features a man called a “ real doctor ” and another named “ spin doctor ” trading barbs about the nature of the Democratic reform effort .
“ I 'm here to give you the facts about Medicare , ” says the former , who declares that it 's “ not actually true ” when insurance companies say “ you 'll lose your Medicare . ”
The AARP has declined to single out a party or legislator , but it 's clear the group is in part targeting the GOP , which has fiercely opposed the effort . Just 1 out of 177 Republicans supported the House bill , and not a single Senate GOP member backed Saturday 's motion to begin debate , which every Democrat and Independent supported .
“ We know opponents of health care reform wo n't rest , ” said AARP Executive Vice President Nancy LeaMond . “ We 'll continue to fight for older Americans and to protect and strengthen Medicare , not only for today , but for generations to come . ”
The AARP 's ad follows .
`` The hand is one of the most important anatomical features that defines humans , '' said study lead author Manuel Domínguez-Rodrigo , a paleoanthropologist at Complutense University of Madrid . `` Our hand evolved to allow us a variety of grips and enough gripping power to allow us the widest range of manipulation observed in any primate . It is this manipulation capability that interacted with our brains to develop our intelligence . '' [ The 10 Biggest Mysteries of the First Humans ]
Past analysis of fossils of hominins — the group of species that consists of humans and their relatives after the split from the chimpanzee lineage — has typically suggested that ancient hominins were adapted for a life spent in the trees . For instance , ancient hominin hands often possessed curved finger bones that were well suited for hanging from branches . Modern humans are the only living higher primates to have straight finger bones .
Related : Fresh Fossil Studies Rewrite the History of Humanity 's Genus Homo
Scientists have often suggested that modern hands evolved to use stone tools . However , recent hominin fossil discoveries have suggested a more complex story behind the evolution of the modern hand . For instance , the hand bones of some ancient hominin lineages are sometimes more similar to modern hands than those of more recent lineages are .
To learn more about the evolution of the modern hand , scientists analyzed a newly discovered hand bone dated to more than 1.84 million years ago , dug up from Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania . Previous excavations at Olduvai helped confirm that Africa was the cradle of humanity .
The new bone was probably part of the little finger of the adult left hand of an unidentified hominin lineage similar to Homo erectus , the first hominin known to regularly keep tools it made . The bone is about 1.4 inches ( 3.6 centimeters ) long — `` the same size as the equivalent bone in our hand , '' Domínguez-Rodrigo said . [ See Photos of the Oldest Stone Tools ]
Related : 'That 's Amazing ' : Obama Meets Ancient Ancestor 'Lucy ' on Ethiopia Trip
The straightness and other features of this new bone suggest adaptations for life on the ground rather than in the trees . It adds to previous findings suggesting that several key features of modern human body shape emerged very early in hominin evolution . ( This unknown hominin was not , however , a modern human . )
Before this oldest known hand-bone fossil was discovered , scientists were n't certain when hominin hands began looking like modern hands and became specialized for manipulation . `` Our discovery fills a gap — we found out that such a modern-looking hand is at least 1.85 million years old , '' Domínguez-Rodrigo said .
The scientists detailed their findings online Aug. 18 in the journal Nature Communications .
This is a condensed version of a report from Live Science . Read the full report . Follow Live Science @ livescience , Facebook & Google+ .
More from Live Science :
Copyright 2015 LiveScience , a Purch company . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Nevada Legislature Approves Measure to Establish Medical Marijuana Dispensaries
Proposal establishes taxes that will be directed toward education and implementation of the regulatory system
Advocates are hopeful Gov . Sandoval – who has said they are open to the idea of medical marijuana dispensaries – will sign the bill into law
Nevada state lawmakers on Monday approved a measure to establish a state-regulated system of dispensaries to provide medical marijuana to licensed patients . The bill must receive a final procedural vote today in the Senate , where it previously received strong support , before being transmitted to Gov . Brian Sandoval for their signature . The governor has said they are open to dispensary legislation .
“ Nevadans with serious illnesses who are using medical marijuana under the supervision of their doctors should have a safe and legal way to obtain it , ” said Karen O'Keefe , director of state policies for the Marijuana Policy Project . “ We applaud the Nevada Legislature for taking action to protect patients and promote a safer and healthier state for their constituents .
“ We are hopeful that Gov . Sandoval will join legislators and the voters of Nevada in supporting a system of state-regulated medical marijuana dispensaries that is long overdue , ” O'Keefe said . “ Regulating medical marijuana works . ”
SB 374 , introduced by Senators Tick Segerblom ( D-Las Vegas ) and Mark Hutchison ( R-Las Vegas ) , establishes rules and regulations for medical marijuana dispensaries , infused product manufacturers , cultivation facilities , and testing facilities . In addition to standard sales taxes , medical marijuana will be subject to excise taxes of 2 percent on wholesale sales and 2 percent on retail sales , of which 75 percent will be directed to education and 25 percent will be directed toward implementing and enforcing the regulations .
Nevada voters approved a constitutional amendment , Question 9 , by a margin of 59-41 in 1998 and again by 65-35 in 2000 . It required the Legislature to set up a medical marijuana program that includes appropriate methods of supplying medical marijuana to qualified patients .
Currently , patients must grow their own marijuana or have it grown for them by a physician-approved caregiver substantially responsible for caring for them . There is no legal , approved way to get seeds . In 2012 , Clark County District Judge Donald Mosley dismissed charges against two medical marijuana providers and called the state 's current system “ absurd , ” “ ridiculous , ” and unconstitutional .
State-regulated medical marijuana dispensaries are currently operating in Arizona , Colorado , Maine , New Jersey , New Mexico , and Rhode Island . They are expected to begin operating this summer in Washington , D.C. and Vermont , and the rule-making process for dispensaries is underway in Connecticut and Massachusetts .
Eighteen states and D.C. allow patients with qualifying conditions to use medical marijuana with recommendations from their physicians . The Illinois General Assembly adopted medical marijuana legislation in May that , if signed by the governor , will establish a system of state-regulated dispensaries , and the New Hampshire Legislature is likely to adopt similar legislation this month .
The Aeroflot Group is considering the possibility of a large order of Airbus A320neo and Boeing 737 MAX narrow-body liners , revealed the deputy general director of the strategy and alliance company , Giorgio Callegari . The Russian largest airline needs to order a new generation of fuel efficient aircraft to replace at least part of the 146 aircraft of the Airbus A320 family and 54 Boeing 737-800 airliners , which forums the group 's fleet .
“ This is what we are aiming to do and target for out further strategy ” , said Giorgio Callegari on the potential side of the CAPA 2017 Asian Aviation Summit . “ Perhaps next year , at least we will know the direction . It will be an impressive order ” , added he , refusing to mention the approximate figures .
According to Giorgio Callegari , Aeroflot wants to keep in its fleet of narrow-bodied airplanes produced by both Airbus and Boeing , as it uses them in different seating configurations and does not want to depend on one manufacturer .
Aeroflot , which average fleet age is 4.1 years , for the first nine months of 2017 increased its capacity in the premium and low-budget segment by 16.2 % and ensured a higher percentage of passenger seat occupancy than in previous years . The company expects that the growth rate will slow down slightly in the fourth quarter , while the growth in capacity at the end of the year is predicted to leave 12-14 % , according to the aviation group .
The Italian currently works for La Liga giants Atletico Madrid
Mendes is keen for United to allow Andrea Berta to come in as director
Super-agent Jorge Mendes was architect behind the big-money deal
Jose Mourinho was announced as new Manchester United boss on Friday
Jorge Mendes could still try to convince Manchester United to allow Atletico Madrid sporting director Andrea Berta to join Jose Mourinho at Old Trafford .
Berta is close to Mendes , the super-agent who travelled to England on Tuesday to conclude contract talks between Mourinho and United .
It remains to be seen whether Ed Woodward , the club 's executive vice-chairperson , would consider creating a position for a director of football , given their resistance in reshuffling so far .
Super-agent Jorge Mendes is keen for Manchester United to bring in Andrea Berta as director of football
It would take a significant change in structure at Old Trafford and Berta , a former banker , has long been linked with the job .
Woodward is an expert at expanding United 's global appeal but there is a feeling they could do with help on football matters , such as transfers .
WHO IS ANDREA BERTA ? Andrea Berta is a former banker with a growing reputation in the football world . They have held scouting roles at AC Carpenedolo and Parma in their native Italy before moving to Atletico Madrid , where they became a director . At Atletico , they have worked closely with manager Diego Simeone throughout the club 's recent success . They have played a key role in identifying targets , brokering transfers and contract negotiations .
Louis van Gaal was sacked on Monday and left in anger , despite agreeing to a £5.4million compensation package .
The 64-year-old was unhappy that their finest hour at United – winning the FA Cup – was undermined by news that Mourinho would be replacing them this week .
Van Gaal blamed Woodward for the PR own goal and Mendes could argue a designated director of football would handle such situations better .
Berta , previously of Parma and Genoa , is a key figure at Atletico and works closely with Diego Simeone . During their time in Madrid , the club won La Liga for the first time in 17 years .
Insiders say Mendes would still like to involve Berta , though there are fears in Manchester that such a move could hand the agent too much power .
Louis van Gaal was sacked as United manager , despite winning the FA Cup , due to a poor league finish
LOUISVILLE , Ky. -- Junior guard Russ Smith will leave Louisville early to enter the NBA draft , according to their father .
Russ Smith Sr. said the Cardinals ' leading scorer `` did it all '' during a college career that culminated with Louisville 's 82-76 victory over Michigan on Monday night for the NCAA championship . That title , two Big East crowns and an all-conference first-team selection this season completes a resume they said made it easy for their son to move on to the next level .
Smith 's father said their son will announce their decision in the next week .
The 6-foot-1 Smith averaged 18.7 points this season , including 22.3 in six NCAA tournament games . But they struggled in the Cardinals ' title-clinching victory , missing 13 of 16 shots and finishing with nine points .
Nonetheless , Smith Sr. said , `` he 's going . ''
`` Last night did n't bother him , '' Smith said Tuesday . `` Even if they had gone 20 for 30 , they just wanted to win . He 's happy for the guys that stepped up when they were struggling . That 's how I taught them to play . ''
Calls to Louisville 's athletic department were not immediately returned . Cardinals players returned Tuesday to campus from Atlanta but coach Rick Pitino , members of the basketball staff , athletic director Tom Jurich and several administrative staffers went to New Orleans to watch the Louisville women play Connecticut in the NCAA final .
Smith has not hired an agent but their father said they plan to have input into that decision . Their departure would likely leave Louisville without three starters from the championship team ; guard Peyton Siva is graduating and 6-10 junior center Gorgui Dieng is expected to enter the NBA draft as well .
Nicknamed `` Russdiculous '' by Pitino because of their wild and unpredictable play , the slight but agile Smith provided plenty of highlights for the Cardinals -- along with questionable shot selection . Before hitting a bump Monday , they were playing their best basketball this season . They averaged 25 points and three steals in the first five games of the tournament .
Their father insisted those are signs he 's ready to take the next step .
`` At this point , there 's no other reason for them to come back , '' Smith said . `` He 's had two sound years and did it all . They could come back next year but it might jeopardize their health . You 've got to strike while the iron is hot . ''
Jose Enrique is renowned for being one of the loudest characters within the Liverpool squad – but even they admit he 's been a bit more sprightly than usual lately .
The Spaniard is in buoyant mood around Melwood having returned to Barclays Premier League action after a 10-month layoff due to injury after coming on as a late substitute against Tottenham Hotspur on August 31 .
Enrique concedes that enforced absence has served to heighten their appreciation for the game and he 's relishing every training session as if it were their first .
`` I 've always appreciated football , I 've always loved training and I 've always loved playing even more , '' they told Liverpoolfc.com . `` But now , every time I go into training , I am like a child getting back with the team .
`` Last year , I came to train alone all of the time while my teammates were outside . For a long time , I was alone and training in the gym because I was injured .
`` Now I am training with my teammates again , I feel like the happiest guy in the world . I want to play - but I am so happy just to be back and training .
`` It is true what they say in life , when something happens to you , you appreciate things more . That 's what 's happened to me . ''
Watch the video here »
Enrique took part in a behind-closed-doors friendly with Wolverhampton Wanderers at Melwood on Friday - a game they confess they approached like a top-flight fixture .
`` I am looking forward . We had a friendly at Melwood recently and I looked forward to it like it was a Premier League game , '' they smiled . `` 10 months without playing is a long , long time .
`` I have been training every day , but games are completely different , so these types of friendlies are fantastic . I feel like a child right now , I am so happy .
`` Even in my personal life , I am so happy right now - I 'm really , really good . I feel really happy here . ''
As issue in their right knee that required surgery meant Enrique made just nine appearances last season .
The 28-year-old acknowledges it was one of the toughest periods he 's faced in their career .
`` It was difficult because I did n't know at which point I 'd be back , so psychologically it was really hard for me , '' they explained .
`` Luckily , this is all in the past - I am fit again , I 've been good and I 'm now hopefully injury-free again . ''
Now back in contention , Enrique is now aiming to stake their claim for a regular starting berth in the left-back position .
But it 's not only fitness he 's hoping to build up over the coming weeks and months - confidence will be key too , they believe .
Enrique said : `` To get to your maximum level , it depends a lot on the confidence of the player . I think it 's the most important thing .
`` You see players have an amazing season and then have a bad season . People say , 'why is that ? ' but it 's all about confidence . Players do n't go from being the best to the worst in one year - it 's about confidence . I am still trying to get to my best and I want to get that confidence .
`` When I arrived here , for the first six months I felt I played well and I want to get to that level . And I will get there - I know that . ''
Iraqi forces are battling Sunni rebels for control of the country 's largest oil refinery as the government waits on a US response for air attacks to beat back a rebel advance threatening Baghdad .
Troops loyal to the Shia-led government on Thursday were holding off rebels and fighters from the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant at the sprawling Baiji oil refinery , some 200km north of the capital .
A government spokesperson said early on Thursday that Iraqi forces were in `` complete control '' , but a witness in Baiji said fighting was continuing .
The refinery was shut down on Tuesday after rebels launched their attack .
Al Jazeera 's Hoda Abdel-Hamid , reporting from Erbil , said the situation was fluid with both sides claiming control .
`` Iraqi forces have gone on the offensive and according to Baghdad have pushed Sunni rebels back , '' they said .
Baiji lies in territory captured in the past week by the ISIL fighters and its Sunni allies , and is close to Tikrit .
The Iraqi government made a public request for US air strikes on Wednesday to thwart the assault .
The US has urged Maliki to reach out to Sunnis , many of whom feel excluded by the Shia parties that have dominated elections since Saddam Hussein was overthrown .
The secular Baath party , a political monopoly under Saddam , called on Iraqis to unite against Maliki .
`` All the true , vibrant colours of our great Iraqi people must come together under one banner , against the American and Iranian conspiracies and their treacherous government under Maliki and their disgraceful sectarian and ethnic militias . ''
Iraq 's neighbours have also urged political intervention as the only solution to heal the country 's sectarian divisions .
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , the Turkish prime minister , warned that US air strikes could lead to a high number of civilian deaths with `` ISIL elements ... mixed in with the people '' .
Saudi Arabia 's f oreign minister , Prince Saud al-Faisal , instructed Maliki to f ollow the policy pursued by the kingdom to eradicate `` terrorism '' .
Bucking trends , Trump sends teams to Democrat-leaning states
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Donald Trump is rushing to install operatives in several states that traditionally favor Democrats , pointing to a general election plan consistent with the campaign they have run thus far : Defying conventional wisdom and political trends .
The staffing expansion includes Maine , Minnesota and other places where Trump opens as the underdog , with the New York billionaire seeking to expand the electoral battlefield by drawing on their appeal among working class white voters — and probable Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton 's perceived weakness with them . Still , it is an unlikely path to the White House , through states that no Republican presidential candidate has carried since the 1980s .
`` I will win states that no Republican would even run in , '' Trump told The Associated Press in a recent interview .
In this May 7 , 2016 file photo , Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a rally in Spokane , Wash. Trump is moving quickly to install political operatives in more than a dozen states , targeting Maine and Minnesota among others that traditionally favor Democrats , as the Republican White House contender lays the groundwork for an expanded electoral battlefield . ( AP Photo/Ted S. Warren , File )
The Trump campaign has identified roughly 15 states where it plans to install state directors by the end of the month . They include traditional battlegrounds like Ohio , Florida and Virginia and more challenging terrain such as Minnesota , Michigan , Wisconsin , Pennsylvania and Maine — places Republican have lost for the last six presidential elections or longer . Target states also will likely include Republican-leaning Georgia , where demographic shifts benefit Democrats .
Trump 's deployment of political operatives was outlined by campaign strategists who were n't authorized to speak publicly about internal strategy and demanded anonymity . The plan will be subsidized , at least in part , by the Republican Party 's new `` building fund , '' a lightly regulated pool of money that can include donations of more than $ 100,000 from individual donors , they said , though rules for doing so might pose an obstacle .
Trump is still playing catch-up at this point . While Clinton is already weeks into their own swing-state effort , Trump 's team is scrambling to build a national organization essentially from scratch .
`` Up until three weeks ago , there were 102 or 103 employees , which is fewer than Ben Carson had in January , '' Trump aide Barry Bennett said . `` Today , that number is much bigger , and it 's growing every day . ''
The former reality television star 's success in the GOP primary season was fueled almost exclusively by personality and a flood of free media coverage . Their expansion into new states signals recognition that Trump must grow their bare-bones operation to be competitive this fall , even if they do n't fully embrace other modern-day political tactics .
They refused to add a pollster for the first 11 months of their White House bid , relying on sometimes questionable public polls when making strategic decisions . Shifting toward November 's vote , they recently hired GOP pollster Tony Fabrizio .
It 's a step toward professionalizing the campaign . Up to now , Trump 's strategists have relied on the Republican National Committee 's voter data and internal poling to guide the battleground state staffing plan . Going forward , Fabrizio will work with Trump and committee staff on voter modeling , overseeing polling and voter targeting , according to someone familiar with the hiring .
Trump 's team aims to have about fifteen state directors on the payroll by June 1 , supplementing more than 200 committee operatives nationwide . Communications , events and `` coalitions '' chiefs will augment the campaign 's presence .
But bringing in more players does n't necessarily make a winning team . Some of the most experienced swing-state Republican operatives have shunned Trump and it 's unclear how many might work for them now that they have almost clinched the Republican nomination . Without them , they would be left with a pool of state-based loyalists , many inexperienced and unknown to the campaign 's leaders .
To help fund the expansion , Trump 's strategists said he 'll draw from a fundraising deal with the Republican National Committee that should be signed in coming days . Clinton has a similar agreement with Democrats , enabling them to collect checks of more than $ 350,000 from individual donors .
Trump 's agreement is expected to allow for even larger checks . That 's because the pact will include the `` building fund , '' which Congress created in 2014 that will enable Trump and Republicans to pull $ 100,000-plus per donor , despite their repeated criticism of campaign donations .
Republican National Committee spokesperson Lindsay Walters said no funds from that account will be used to pay for campaign staffers . They said the money would only go to `` the operation of the RNC headquarters . ''
Trump 's team concedes it was n't prepared to shift so suddenly toward the general election . Up until only two weeks ago , it appeared as though the GOP primary would last until the party 's July national convention .
`` Nobody complaining that we 're behind schedule , '' Trump supporter , Rep. Chris Collins , R-N.Y. , said , noting Democrats are still locked in a primary fight .
Collins expects Trump 's message to resonate in states like their and `` traditional rust belt areas '' such as Pennsylvania and Ohio , where many working-class voters usually do n't support Republicans . Among Democrats , Clinton won those three states but lost in Michigan and West Virginia to Sen. Bernie Sanders .
`` Whether you call them Reagan Democrats , blue dog Democrats , whatever , that 's what puts those areas in play and why I think he 's going to win in a landslide , '' Collins said .
___
Bernie Sanders highest-ranking Latino operative Arturo Carmona is joining mitú , a digital media company aimed at young Hispanics , BuzzFeed News has learned .
Carmona , who crisscrossed the country for Sanders as deputy political director with a focus on garnering the support of young Hispanics who responded to their candidacy much more than older Latinos did , will lead community engagement and public affairs .
The platform , which calls itself `` unapologetically Latino , '' uses humor and cultural connections to engage young Hispanics through videos , and launched an initiative called T.A.C.O . ( Take Action , Commit Others ) , with a goal of using social media and celebrities to help register 1 million Latinos , which Carmona will spearhead .
`` One of the many things that the Bernie Sanders campaign revealed is that the younger voters across America are looking for a better future , an aspirational view of this country that advances their interests and those of their families , '' they said .
They see parallels between the campaign and what the young site is trying to do . In practice , they said that would mean venturing into political issues from the campaign like immigration , education , and climate change , and said the `` unapologetically Latino '' aspect of the company means they will take on Donald Trump and have not made a determination if they will go further .
“ With a long track record culminating with their most recent experience as a top manager for the Bernie Sanders for president campaign , Arturo 's hands-on experience in organizing Latinos digitally , politically , and on-the-ground will be essential for our work ahead , ” said Beatriz Acevedo , mitú president and founder .
Carmona hopes to expand strategic partnerships outside the company and create special initiatives around the election . Young Latinos are an oft-repeated target for companies and campaigns , because the Hispanic electorate is disproportionately younger than other groups .
National Council of La Raza ( NCLR ) partnered with mitú on the T.A.C.O . voter registration effort that launched in May and includes a website and a Latinos Vote app .
At launch , Rosario Dawson — a staunch Sanders supporter and critic of Hillary Clinton all the way to the Democratic convention — called Latino millennials `` the face of the new American majority '' with a responsibility to transform the country .
`` That 's why I 'm proud to be a part of a historic effort to register and activate 1 million Latino millennials . This election will be decided by us , all of us , and we must do everything in our power to ensure that we create the kind of future that we know is indeed possible , '' they said at the time .
The company was unable to provide BuzzFeed News with the number of Latinos that have been registered to vote since May .
While Carmona seeks to continue their campaign work reaching Latinos , another high-profile Sanders staffer Erika Andiola is set to join `` Our Revolution , '' the political organization created by Sanders alumni to continue the work started by the Vermont senator .
Trump will be a target because he 's a threat to Latinos , Carmona said .
`` As a company we 're extremely concerned by the messages that Donald Trump is advancing , it 's a very dangerous precedent for our country , '' they said .
Of Trump 's policy pronouncements and comments moving forward , `` we 're going to have a robust discussion and analyze — or make fun of — what is said , '' they added . `` We 're going to push interesting memes and take the gloves off a little bit . ''
You 've likely heard about the natural disaster flood that hit Louisiana and the incredible amount of pure destruction it brought to countless communities . According to a recent post made on Kickstarter , we 're getting word that Pixel Dash and EQ-Games are located within the area and is forced to delay the release of their upcoming Road Redemption video game .
Pixel Dash and EQ-Games were working on a successfully funded spiritual successor to the classic video game IP , Road Rash . Originally , the plans for Road Redemption were to release the video game first on PC platforms next month , October 15 , 2016 , with console releases set for next year .
However , because the developers were hit and lost homes due to the flood wreckage , a new Kickstarter update post revealed that the video game had to be delayed . Ideally , the developers are looking to release the video game sooner than later , but because of the flood , their primary goal is to assure their development team has a safe place to stay with their families .
“ Road Redemption 's developers are based in Baton Rouge and New Orleans Louisiana . The flood devastated the region , damaging over 40,000 homes , including the home of Jason Tate , studio co-founder and senior programmer We hope to have the whole team back to work on Road Redemption as quickly as possible but right now our priority is making sure that everyone on the team , and their families , have a safe place to stay , ” said studio co-founder Ian Fisch . “ We hope that all of our kickstarter backers and fans will be understanding in these tragic circumstances , and if they 'd like to help they can visit www.braf.org to make a donation . ”
This should n't be a big deal for fans as this delay is completely out of their hands . With so many families affected , there should n't be a big rush to see the game release , but to instead focus on their family and well-being .
Does everybody know what time it is ?
If you watched television at all in the 1990s , you may connect that quote to the television comedy “ Home Improvement , ” where it was used each episode to introduce the show-within-a-show “ Tool Time ” with Tim “ The Tool Man ” Taylor .
Taylor , of course , was played by actor Tim Allen , who spent many of their formative years in Michigan — they graduated from Western Michigan University in 1976 — and who famously wore many Michigan-themed shirts during their time on “ Home Improvement. ” The series ran for eight seasons spanning most of the 90s .
If you were following Kellogg Community College 's Facebook page this week , you may have noticed our photo post featuring a screenshot of just one of those shirts ( pictured above ) , prominently featuring the name a familiar local institution .
Indeed , Allen wore a Kellogg Community College sweatshirt for a scene in a season six episode of “ Home Improvement ” titled “ Jill and Them Sisters , ” which originally ran in 1996 . ( You can watch the episode online for free via several websites ; the KCC shirt-wearing begins around the 13-minute mark . )
The KCC Facebook post featuring the screenshot of Allen in their KCC shirt — click here to see it on Facebook — has reached nearly 27,000 people since it was first posted Wednesday evening . It 's been shared by more than 150 users and garnered more than 1,500 total likes , making it one of the most popular posts in KCC Facebook history .
If you 're not following KCC on Facebook , now 's a great time to start : The Spring 2016 semester begins Jan. 15 , and you 'll want to stay in the loop on all the latest KCC news and information — and fun KCC-related photos , of course — that we 'll be posting in the coming weeks . Check us out at www.facebook.com/KelloggCommunityCollege .
We 'll wrap this post up with a quote from Allen himself , delivered at WMU when they accepted an honorary degree and Distinguished Alumni Award from the university in 1998 .
“ I believe that it 's better to make bold choices in life , than to make no choices at all , ” Allen said . “ If you 're idle , you wo n't get anywhere . ”
Not on Facebook ? Follow KCC on one of our other social media channels !
Samsung officially announced the relaunch of the Galaxy Note7 across the globe . The new batch of phablets is ready and has been shipped to all partners , retailers , and carriers . It should be free of defective batteries , and , hopefully , of stuck S-Pen styluses .
The Galaxy Note7 has already been relaunched in South Korea and Samsung is pushing it aggressively on the market via special experience stores . The rest of the supported markets are now getting it , too , and a proper advertisement campaign is to be expected .
The Samsung Galaxy Note7 sales were halted due to defective batteries that were catching on fire , or worse . An unprecedented for this market global callout was issued and is still active . The early adopters should have already gotten their replacements , but if someone is still thinking about it - they should act on the callout asap .
So , with the Note7 back in the game and the iPhone 7 Plus still a rarity out there , the game may not be completely lost for Samsung just yet .
Source
MOSCOW/PARIS ( Reuters ) - Prime Minister Manuel Valls said on Friday that France would not be dictated to after an unidentified Russian official was quoted as giving Paris two weeks to deliver the first of two Mistral helicopter carriers or face possible compensation claims .
An aerial view shows the Mistral-class helicopter carrier Vladivostok constructed for Russia at the STX Les Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard site in the port of Montoir-de-Bretagne near Saint Nazaire , western France , September 22 , 2014 . REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
France has for months resisted pressure from Washington and other allies to scrap the 1.2 billion euro ( $ 1.58 billion ) contract and in September said it would only hand over the first carrier , the Vladivostok , if there was a lasting ceasefire and a political settlement in Ukraine .
With the situation worsening on the ground in Ukraine , France has again come under fire over the deal , while Moscow has tried to drive a wedge between Paris and its allies on the issue knowing that failure to deliver the carriers could damage France 's image at a time when it is finalising other military contracts .
“ Today , the conditions to deliver the Mistral are n't there , ” Valls told reporters . “ France honours its contracts , but France is a nation that counts , wants peace in Ukraine and that makes sovereign decisions without anybody from outside dictating how it acts . ”
An unidentified Russian source quoted by state news agency RIA on Friday said if the Mistral was not delivered by the end of November Moscow would seek compensation .
The comments were published on the day a Russian delegation , including arms exporter Rosoboronexport , had originally been invited by the Mistral 's manufacturer DCNS - 65 percent-owned by the French state - to travel to France for a ceremony to transfer the first ship .
“ We are preparing for various scenarios . We will wait until the end of the month then we will announce some serious claims , ” the unidentified Russian source was quoted as saying .
Analysts were looking at various amounts of compensation , the source said , adding that the sum would not be kept secret .
French President Francois Hollande said at the end of October they would make a decision during November , but their defence minister , Jean-Yves Le Drian , told parliament on Wednesday DCNS had not been given the necessary government export licence .
“ No date for delivery can be fixed at this stage , ” they told lawmakers . “ A definitive decision will be taken when the time comes . ”
Europe and the United States have imposed numerous rounds of sanctions on Russia for its role in eastern Ukraine and EU foreign ministers will discuss further sanctions on Monday .
Hollande is due to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the G20 leaders summit in Australia this weekend .
“ What 's key - and the president will discuss it with several leaders during the G20 - is to rediscover the path to peace between Ukraine and Russia , ” Valls said . “ We 're far from that today . ”
`` It 's a moment I 'm going to remember for the rest of my life . Walking out ... experiencing the sunshine and wind on our faces . '' That 's a quote from Oleg Abramov , a scientist who was among six people to have spent the past four months simulating life on Mars as part of NASA-funded research into what types of foods astronauts traveling in space or living on another planet could eat . The half-dozen researchers on Tuesday left the small dome in which they had been living in a desolate lava field 8,000 feet above sea level in Hawaii . The goal was to recreate as closely as possible conditions on the surface of the Red Planet . But that 's really hard to do , even when the research `` astronauts '' were required to wear their spacesuits every time they stepped outside their dome into the Hawaiian air . Because they were still on Earth , and they knew they were still on Earth . None of them had to worry about oxygen starvation and near-instant death if their space suits were punctured . Abramov said he 'll remember for the rest of their life the sunshine and wind on their face after emerging from four months in a simulated environment that was far from the real thing . That 's my takeaway from this , not the food experiment . What they said hints at a huge challenge to humans leaving Earth for long stretches or even permanently , a challenge perhaps even more formidable than the many physical challenges yet to be overcome . And that 's coping with the psychological and emotional impact of living in a harsh , foreign environment . More than 100,000 people have applied to be one of four astronauts aboard a Mars One ship that is scheduled for a one-way trip to the Red Planet in 2022 . How many of these people have seriously considered how they would handle the isolation , the boredom , the loneliness , the deafening silence of living on Mars or elsewhere beyond Earth ? The shrieking of nothing is killing me , indeed . They 'd never again see a bird fly , smell the ocean , watch a dog run in a field , build a fire , or hold hands in a mall . None of that would exist anymore for Mars colonists . Humans have interacted with Earth in ways that have been encoded in us for thousands of years . What happens to your mind when all of that is gone ? I doubt any of the Mars One applicants would go on vacation for two weeks in a barren lava field in Hawaii ( except for maybe a geologist ) , yet they 're willing to spend the rest of their lives in a far more perilous and pitiless environment . Good luck with that . Now read this :
10 things that happen to our bodies during space flight
Spidernaut never got to enjoy its fame
Polar ice sheets continue to melt , but climate-change deniers remain thick as ever
By all accounts both President Barack Obama and their likely challenger , former Massachusetts Gov . Mitt Romney , are ideal family men , devoted to their spouses and their children . But support for the two men could not be more different in terms of the electorate 's marriage and family status .
An analysis comparing the results of the 2008 election and the most recent Gallup surveys with data by demographer Wendell Cox shows a remarkable correlation between the states and regions with the highest proportion of childless women under 45 – the best indicator of offspring-free households — and the propensity to vote Democratic . Overall , the most child-free regions were nearly 85 % more likely to vote for Obama in 2008 . And according to the most recent Gallup survey , they are similarly inclined to vote Democratic today .
At the top of the list , with 80 % of its women under 45 without children , stands the rock-solid blue District of Columbia . Just behind that taxpayer-financed paradise the six states with the highest percentages — Massachusetts , New York , Rhode Island , Hawaii , Vermont and California — also skew Democratic . In each of these states the percentage of childless women exceeds 55 % .
The highest percentage of offspring-free women under 45 can be seen as well in such Democratic metropolitan areas as Boston , San Francisco , Los Angeles , San Diego and New York In each of these metropolitan areas the percentage of childless woman reached a minimum of 60 % well above the national average of 53 % . In the urban cores of these regions the percentage can approach Washington 's 80 % figure . To a large extent , childlessness correlates with high density and a less affordable housing stock .
The top child-bearing regions are almost all deep-red Republican , both in 2008 and today . The top five child-bearing states — Mississippi , Idaho , Wyoming , Oklahoma and Arkansas — all generally tilt toward the GOP . So do the metropolitan areas that have the lowest percentages of childless women : the Texas metros of Dallas-Fort Worth , San Antonio and Houston , Mormon stronghold Salt Lake City and Memphis . The next five include right-leaning Indianapolis , Charlotte , Louisville , Riverside-San Bernardino and Oklahoma City .
These numbers would be more striking if not for the somewhat higher propensity for child-bearing among African-Americans and Latinos , two core Democratic constituencies . As other surveys have shown , Republicans gains in recent years have come largely from married white families . In contrast , Democrats have lost the support of married people overall since 2008 , even while gaining among the unmarried . If Republicans can lose their obsession with opposing homosexual families , they might even garner additional support .
A growing part of the Democratic base — aside from ethnic minorities — consists of white , childless couples and , in particular , single women . There 's much good news for Democrats here . According to the pro-Democratic advocacy group Women 's Voices , Women Vote , almost two-thirds of this demographic group voted for John Kerrey in 2004 ; in 2008 they went for Obama by nearly 70 % . In 2010 , a generally unfavorable political climate for Democrats , unmarried women helped power Democratic victories , particularly in Colorado and California , in the latter case against female Republican candidates .
Demographically , at least in the short and even medium term , betting of singles and the childless couples seems like a no-brainer . In the past 30 years the percentage of women aged 40 to 44 who have never had children nearly doubled to 19 % . At the same time singletons of both sexes are on the rise , numbering over 31 million strong today , up from 27 million in 2000 , a growth rate nearly double that of the overall population .
The increasing role of the childless may already be shifting the Democratic Party toward the kind of post-familalistic secularism generally associated with Europe or parts of East Asia . This could partly explain why the Obama Administration has been so willing to challenge the Catholic Church — a traditional home to many working class Democrats — on the issue of offering contraception to its employees . Simply put , in Democratic calculations , secular singletons may now outweigh religious Catholic Democrats .
The importance of singlehood and childlessness is amplified by location . The greatest bastions of non-families are found in the centers of the country 's media , cultural and intellectual life . Single households already constitute a majority in Manhattan and Washington , and they are heading in that direction in Denver , Seattle and San Francisco .
The growing self-confidence of these post-familial constituencies is evident in recent articles and books hailing not only the legitimacy but even the preference of this lifestyle option . Kate Bollick 's much celebrated and well-argued portrayal in the Atlantic of attractive matchless , and childless , 40-something females celebrates the coming of age of this new perspective on family life .
Bollick , citing the degraded condition of today 's males , openly embraces “ the end of traditional marriage as an ideal. ” One of their heros , California psychologist Bella DePaulo , dismisses the traditional family unit as a kind of mental malady they label “ matrimania. ” Oh well , there goes the primary basis for four thousand years of civilization .
The Atlantic piece serves as a kind manifesto for this key emerging Democratic constituency . But it 's not just single women now swarming into the Democratic Party . NYU Professor Eric Klineberg 's recent ode to singleness in the New York Times follows a similar narrative , but has room for left-leaning male singletons as well . This trend is even more pronounced in demographically disintegrating Europe , a fact that only increases its appeal to the sophisticated denizens of the single zone .
Are there any risks to Democrats — and advantages to Republicans — in this new post-familial tilt ? Author and New America fellow Phil Longman argues that in the long run the “ greater fertility of conservative segments of society ” could allow the palpably brain-dead GOP to inherit the country . Childless singletons may be riding high now , they write , but as non-breeders their influence ends with their own lifespans .
To win the future , according Democratic activists and millennial chroniclers Morley Winograd and Mike Hais , Democrats must all appeal to the next generation of families . Many of today 's childless millennials are still under 30 and plan to have kids , according to Hais and Winograd 's survey research . Reflecting their own experience with divorce as children , 50 % consider being a good parent their highest priority in life . A strong plurality also sees themselves ending up in the suburbs .
That means Democrats could pay a big price for disdaining homemakers , the often unaesthetic chores of child-raising and particularly suburbia , because that 's precisely the place where many of today 's urban millennials will likely end up in the next decade .
To address the future millennials , Democrats do n't need to adopt the often Medievalist views of their Republican rivals . But they will have to craft a message that appeals to a demographic that looks , at least somewhat , like the current First Family .
This piece originally appeared in Forbes.com .
Joel Kotkin is executive editor of NewGeography.com and is a distinguished presidential fellow in urban futures at Chapman University , and contributing editor to the City Journal in New York . They are authored of The City : A Global History . Their newest book is The Next Hundred Million : America in 2050 , released in February , 2010 .
Official White House Photo by Lawrence Jackson .
The extent of sea ice at both poles has reached record lows , it has been revealed .
In the Arctic Ocean , figures have set a new record low for the wintertime in a region strongly affected by long-term trends of global warming , scientists have revealed .
On the opposite side of the planet , on March 3 sea ice around Antarctica hit its lowest extent ever recorded by satellites at the end of summer in the Southern Hemisphere , a surprising turn of events after decades of moderate sea ice expansion .
Scroll down for video
Arctic sea ice was at a record low wintertime maximum extent for the second straight year . At 5.607 million square miles , it is the lowest maximum extent in the satellite record , and 431,000 square miles below the 1981 to 2010 average maximum extent . The ice just covered the size of Russia
A RECORD YEAR Worldwide , last year was the warmest on record for the third year in a row , despite government efforts to rein in human-made greenhouse gas emissions under a 2015 Paris Agreement that aims to phase out the use of fossil fuels this century . The trend mean sea ice in the Arctic could vanish by 2050 on a trend of rising emissions , according to a U.N. panel of climate experts .
Sea ice around the North Pole expands to its biggest extent of the year in February or March after a deep freeze in the winter polar darkness and shrinks to the smallest of the year in September , at the end of the brief Arctic summer .
At its 2017 winter maximum , the ice covered just 14.49 million square kilometres ( 5.59 million square miles ) on Feb. 22 , almost the size of Russia , the University of Bremen in Germany said .
That is fractionally smaller than the previous winter low of 14.58 million square kilometres ( 5.62 million square miles ) set last year in satellite records dating back to the 1970s , it said .
'We 've passed the winter maximum , ' Georg Heygster , of the Institute of Environmental Physics at the University of Bremen told Reuters .
Only a sudden , unusual March freeze would push the ice back to above the February extent .
ANTARCTIC ICE LOSS In Antarctica , this year 's record low annual sea ice minimum of 815,000 square miles ( 2.11 million square kilometers ) was 71,000 square miles ( 184,000 square kilometers ) below the previous lowest minimum extent in the satellite record , which occurred in 1997 . Antarctic sea ice saw an early maximum extent in 2016 , followed by a very rapid loss of ice starting in early September . Since November , daily Antarctic sea ice extent has continuously been at its lowest levels in the satellite record . The ice loss slowed down in February . This year 's record low happened just two years after several monthly record high sea ice extents in Antarctica and decades of moderate sea ice growth . On March 3 , 2017 , the sea ice cover around the Antarctic continent shrunk to its lowest yearly minimum extent in the satellite record , in a dramatic shift after decades of moderate sea ice expansion . 'There 's a lot of year-to-year variability in both Arctic and Antarctic sea ice , but overall , until last year , the trends in the Antarctic for every single month were toward more sea ice , ' said Claire Parkinson , a senior sea ice researcher at Goddard . 'Last year was stunningly different , with prominent sea ice decreases in the Antarctic . To think that now the Antarctic sea ice extent is actually reaching a record minimum , that 's definitely of interest . ' Meier said it is too early to tell if this year marks a shift in the behavior of Antarctic sea ice . 'It is tempting to say that the record low we are seeing this year is global warming finally catching up with Antarctica , ' Meier said . 'However , this might just be an extreme case of pushing the envelope of year-to-year variability . We 'll need to have several more years of data to be able to say there has been a significant change in the trend . '
The trend of shrinking ice around the North Pole in recent decades has been one of the starkest signs of climate change .
The thaw is harming indigenous peoples ' hunting livelihoods on the ice and threatening wildlife such as polar bears .
It also makes the region more accessible for shipping as well as oil and gas exploration .
Worldwide , last year was the warmest on record for the third year in a row , despite government efforts to rein in human-made greenhouse gas emissions under a 2015 Paris Agreement that aims to phase out the use of fossil fuels this century .
These line graphs plot monthly deviations and overall trends in polar sea ice from 1979 to 2017 as measured by satellites . The top line shows the Arctic ; the middle shows Antarctica ; and the third shows the global , combined total . The graphs depict how much the sea ice concentration moved above or below the long-term average . ( They do not plot total sea ice concentration . ) Arctic and global sea ice totals have moved consistently downward over 38 years . Antarctic trends are more muddled , but they do not offset the great losses in the Arctic .
Sea ice in the Arctic could vanish by 2050 on a trend of rising emissions , according to a U.N. panel of climate experts .
The U.S. National Snow and Ice Data Center ( NSIDC ) , which also tracks sea ice , was due to announce its own findings for the winter maximum of ice later on Wednesday .
At the other end of the world , sea ice around Antarctica hit a record low for the southern summer last month , the NSIDC said .
The shrinking of sea ice exposes more water to the sun 's rays in summertime . That can accelerate global warming because dark blue water soaks up more of the sun 's heat than white ice or snow , which reflects it back into space .
WHAT IT MEANS FOR EARTH Arctic sea ice plays an important role in maintaining Earth 's temperature—its bright white surface reflects solar energy that the ocean would otherwise absorb . But this effect is more relevant in the summer , when the sun is high in the sky in the Arctic , than in the winter , when the sun does n't rise for months within the Arctic Circle . Every year , the cap of frozen seawater floating on top of the Arctic Ocean and its neighboring seas melts during the spring and summer and grows back in the fall and winter months , reaching its maximum yearly extent between February and April . On March 24 , Arctic sea ice extent peaked at 5.607 million square miles ( 14.52 million square kilometers ) , a new record low winter maximum extent in the satellite record that star In the winter , the impact of missing sea ice is mostly felt in the atmosphere , said Jennifer Francis , a climate scientist at Rutgers University in New Brunswick , New Jersey . 'In places where sea ice has been lost , those areas of open water will put more heat into the atmosphere because the air is much colder than unfrozen seawater , ' Francis said . 'As winter sea ice disappears , areas of unusually warm air temperatures in the Arctic will expand . 'These are also areas of increased evaporation , and the resulting water vapor will contribute to increased cloudiness , which in winter , further warms the surface . '
On Tuesday , the U.N. 's World Meteorological Organization said that the planet was in 'truly uncharted territory ' with the impacts of global warming .
The new record low follows record high temperatures in December , January and February around the globe and in the Arctic .
The atmospheric warmth probably contributed to this lowest maximum extent , with air temperatures up to 10 degrees Fahrenheit above average at the edges of the ice pack where sea ice is thin , said Walt Meier , a sea ice scientist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland .
The wind patterns in the Arctic during January and February were also unfavorable to ice growth because they brought warm air from the south and prevented expansion of the ice cover .
But ultimately , what will likely play a bigger role in the future trend of Arctic maximum extents is warming ocean waters , Meier said .
'It is likely that we 're going to keep seeing smaller wintertime maximums in the future because in addition to a warmer atmosphere , the ocean has also warmed up .
'That warmer ocean will not let the ice edge expand as far south as it used to , ' Meier said .
'Although the maximum reach of the sea ice can vary a lot each year depending on winter weather conditions , we 're seeing a significant downward trend , and that 's ultimately related to the warming atmosphere and oceans . '
Since 1979 , that trend has led to a loss of 620,000 square miles of winter sea ice cover , an area more than twice the size of Texas .
This year 's record low sea ice maximum extent will not necessarily result in a subsequent record low summertime minimum extent , Meier said .
Summer weather conditions have a larger impact than the extent of the winter maximum in the outcome of each year 's melt season ; warm temperatures and summer storms make the ice melt fast , while if a summer is cool , the melt slows down .
Recently we had shared some exclusive pictures of the gigantic Game of Thrones castle set in Belfast and it also included some close-up shots of the trebuchet which was present next to the set . Fans are still clueless about the set that is being built at the Titanic Studios in Belfast , but looking at the trebuchet next to it , many people think that it 's going to be a part of an action scene .
Now , we have got our hands on more pictures of the mysterious Game of Thrones castle set from different angles but so far we have n't been able to identify the castle as there are no house sigils or any other clues that will help us in identifying the set . Take a look at the pictures below :
Do let us know if you spot anything interesting in these pictures and we will keep on sharing more pictures in the coming days .
The conductor lifts a hand , the orchestra begins to play and a shiver runs down your spine .
You know the feeling .
You just had a “ skin orgasm , ” according to Psyche Loui , an assistant professor of neuroscience and behavior at Wesleyan University . Another word they use to descibe the reaction is “ chills. ” For you , this is an emotional experience . For Loui , it is also a scientific one .
“ In our experiments , it has to do with an intense aesthetic experience that people get when they 're perceiving some art , ” Loui says .
In other words , it 's an emotional response that 's so strong , it causes a physical reaction .
There 's no one genre or style that triggers chills . Loui says personal preference dictates the response your body will have to music .
“ There are some people who will really , honestly say that some pieces of music , like Justin Bieber , are really , really , really moving to them , ” they say . “ And then there will be some people who say , ‘ There 's something about a piano concerto that 's really doing it for me . ' ”
Regardless of taste , all those people feel chills associated with some type of music . But music does n't appeal to everyone .
“ There are people who never seem to respond to music emotionally , ” Loui says . “ People who report never really getting chills . ”
Turns out , there 's a biological explanation for this . The “ chill ” group has a stronger connection between the parts of the brain that process sound and the parts that process emotion .
For Loui , these results lead to more questions . For example , they want to know why music has evolved to be a fundamental piece of every human culture . Them study also shows a connection between musical creativity and empathy . They say that 's led them to believe we use music as a way to identify emotionally with one another .
“ The reason why music might have evolved is to ... use sounds to communicate directly with regions of other people 's brains that are important in emotion and social functioning , ” they say . “ In a way , we 're using it as an emotional form of communication . ”
Loui says their “ pet theory ” is that artistic creativity is unique to humans . It sets us apart from singing birds and screeching monkeys . Only humans attach emotion and reward to music . The problem with the idea that music defines us as humans , though , is that not every human likes music .
Take the “ chill-less ” group .
“ There 's some music that we could just listen to over and over and over again , ” Loui says . “ Everybody kind of has that music — except for the people with musical anhedonia . ”
Musical anhedonia is the inability to experience pleasure from music . People in this category are very much human , yet they do n't get chills .
On the other hand , Loui says people with synesthesia , a phenomenon of the brain that allows someone to `` taste '' shapes or `` smell '' colors , seem to have a heightened aptitude for certain areas of music .
“ This has really led us to think that there must be some differences in brain connectivity that might be pre-existing , ” they say . “ Or a kind of predisposition toward being more receptive to the types of information that you get during musical training . ”
Loui calls music an evolutionary advantage .
“ Is it absolutely required ? ” they say . “ Maybe not . Maybe it 's not required in the same sense that fire was not evolutionarily required , but it certainly helped humans evolve as a species and do as well as we 're doing now . ”
This story comes from PRI 's partner The Really Big Questions , where you 'll find the hour-long radio documentary , `` Why does music move us ? '' and other stories about what makes us human .
It feels like the 2017 NBA draft class started getting hyped from the moment the 2016 draft ended . The incoming freshmen group in college basketball was thought to be one of the strongest of this decade , packed with a great crop of guards , a few potential two-way wings and some exciting international talent .
For the most part , the first-year student class lived up to the hype . Lonzo Ball helped UCLA go from a team that could n't even finish .500 team to one of the most exciting collections of talent in the country . Jayson Tatum scored from everywhere at Duke , while Josh Jackson played both ends of the court with a rare ferocity for a 19-year-old . Out in the Pacific Northwest , a star emerged in Markelle Fultz .
Now we finally know the draft order : The Boston Celtics will pick No . 1 , followed by the Los Angeles Lakers and Philadelphia 76ers . Draft season is upon us . Here 's our first mock draft post-lottery .
1 . Boston Celtics — Markelle Fultz , PG , Washington
If you were making a modern NBA point guard in a lab , they would look a lot like Markelle Fultz . Every tool is here : size , speed , length , shooting , and the ability to finish above the rim . What really separates Fultz is their creativity off the bounce . Sometimes that means hitting open cutters with a pass . Sometimes it means finding new ways to score out of the pick-and-roll .
There are a lot of great talents in this draft , but Fultz has emerged as the easy pick at No . 1 . The Celtics should have themselves a franchise player .
2 . Los Angeles Lakers — Lonzo Ball , PG , UCLA
Ball is a difficult player to evaluate because their game is so unique . Their greatest strength is their mind : Their basketball IQ is off the charts , and it manifests in easy looks for their teammates . UCLA finished 15-17 the year before they arrived on campus ; with him , the Bruins were one of the best teams in the country all season . That jump shot might look funny , but he 's proved it works for him .
Related Basketball has never seen a player like Lonzo Ball
If the Lakers can find a way to surround them with athletes and shooters , Ball is the type of talent who can quickly elevate everyone around him .
3 . Philadelphia 76ers — Jayson Tatum , SF , Duke
Tatum has been bred to be a primary scorer all their life . Unlike many young scorers , Tatum already comes with a plan of attack : They know their spots on the floor and how to get to them . There were no shortage of options on Duke last year , but by the end of the season Tatum emerged as the team 's go-to player . As long as they improve their reads as a passer , he 's going to have a long career as an excellent offensive player .
Related Jayson Tatum has the world in their hand
4 . Phoenix Suns — Josh Jackson , SG , Kansas
Jackson is a plus athlete , a willing defender , a crafty offensive creator , and the type of player who never takes a possession off . They are a two-way wing at a time when they are valued more than ever . Jackson will immediately bring the Suns both versatility and an increased competitive spirit . If their three-point shot keeps coming around , they have All-Star potential .
5 . Sacramento Kings — De'Aaron Fox , PG , Kentucky
Fox has good size , elite speed , and a knack for making plays on both ends of the court . They turned in the single most impressive performance of the college season when they torched Lonzo Ball for 39 points in Kentucky 's Sweet 16 win over UCLA . Their jump shot is the major question mark .
6 . Orlando Magic — Dennis Smith Jr. , PG , NC State
Smith tore their ACL in August going into their senior year of high school . Somehow they were still arguably the most athletic point guard in college basketball from the onset of their first-year student season . NC State struggled to win games , but Smith was electric at times . Case in point : their 32-point performance in an upset win over Duke in January :
Isaac is raw , but their physical tools make them one of the most enticing long-term prospects in this draft . At 6'10 , they have quick feet and long arms , a combination that enables them to defend the perimeter and protect the rim . They also shot 35 percent from three-point range this season . The hope for the Wolves is that he 'll be able to defend right away while their offensive skill set takes time to develop .
8 . New York Knicks — Malik Monk , SG , Kentucky
Monk will immediately provide two things in the NBA : shooting and athleticism . They canned 104 threes at a 39.7 percent clip in their one season at Kentucky . He 's liable to get hot in a hurry , like the time they dropped 47 points on 8-of-12 shooting from three against eventual national champion North Carolina in December . Best case scenario : They evolve into a more athletic Eric Gordon or C.J . McCollum .
Related What it takes to brand a basketball star before they even graduates from high school
9 . Dallas Mavericks — Frank Ntilikina , PG , France
Ntilikina has long arms , quick feet , and a developing three-point stroke . They could become a three-and-D point guard like Patrick Beverley or George Hill . The Mavs will have to be patient : At 18 years old , he 's one of the youngest players in the draft .
10 . Sacramento Kings — Hamidou Diallo , SG , Kentucky
Diallo follows in the footsteps of Thon Maker last season as a fifth-year high school player jumping straight to the NBA . With Diallo , there 's a twist : They committed to Kentucky for the second semester and spent a couple of months practicing against De'Aaron Fox , Malik Monk , and the rest of the Wildcats even if they never appeared in a game .
Related Hamidou Diallo could play college basketball or enter the draft right now
Diallo is an explosive athlete with a 44-inch vertical jump . It would be a big risk taking them at this point in the draft , but their upside plus positional scarcity on the wing could elevate them higher than expected on draft night . It 's not like the Kings need another big man with Skal Labissiere , Willie Cauley-Stein and Georgios Papagiannis on the roster . They already took a point guard with their first pick . If anyone is in position to gamble on Diallo , it 's them .
11 . Charlotte Hornets — Lauri Markkanen , PF , Arizona
Markkanen arrived at Arizona from Finland and immediately became one of the best shooting big men college basketball has ever seen . They knocked down 69 threes at a 42.3 percent clip by showing off a quick release and deep range . If you saw how Ryan Anderson helped unlock James Harden 's MVP potential , you know how valuable Markkanen 's skill set can be in the league .
12 - Detroit Pistons — Zach Collins , C , Gonzaga
Collins has a complete skill set for a big man . They block shots , can stretch out the defense with their jump shot and has a developing post game . They were Gonzaga 's first-ever McDonald 's All-American , and now he 's the program 's first ever one-and-done . He 'll need to continue to work on their body , but the Pistons will like their skill level .
13 . Denver Nuggets — OG Anunoby , SF , Indiana
It 's a risk taking Anunoby in the lottery because they tore their ACL in January and is still so raw offensively . But if the Nuggets are thinking long term , they will see a strong , long , and athletic forward who can guard four spots on the floor and help cover up for Nikola Jokic and Jamal Murray 's deficiencies on the defensive end .
Mitchell lacks ideal size for an off guard at 6 ' 3 , but they make up for it with long arms ( 6'10 wingspan ) and a 40-inch vertical . He 's one of the best pure athletes in the draft ; someone who projects as an energy guy at both ends while their skill level develops . Victor Oladipo seems like a fair comp .
Related Donovan Mitchell has grown into the star guard every great Louisville team needs
Jackson hit 63 three-pointers at about a 30 percent clip in their first two years at North Carolina combined . As a junior , they knocked down 105 threes at 37 percent . There 's more to Jackson than their jumper : They also defended Malik Monk as well as anyone in the Elite Eight and has one of the best floaters in this draft .
Related Justin Jackson has grown into the star North Carolina was waiting for
16 . Chicago Bulls — Terrance Ferguson , SG , Adelaide ( NBL )
Ferguson got $ 1 million to play professionally in Australia rather than honor their commitment to Arizona . They averaged less than five points per game on the season , but a team should still be willing to take a chance on their skill set in the first round . They have great size for a shooting guard at 6 ' 7 with explosive leaping ability and deep range on their three-point shot .
The Bucks could use some insurance on Jabari Parker after their second torn ACL . That 's where Wilson comes in . Their combination of length , shooting , and shot-blocking makes them a rare talent . They finally started to put it all together at the end of the season for Michigan . Picking Wilson this high is a bet on tools over production . That bet has paid off for the Bucks before .
The Pacers might as well start preparing for life without Paul George . That means swinging for the fences in the first round . Giles was thought to be the top high school player in the country before a series of knee injuries limited their effectiveness at Duke . If they can regain the form they once showed on the grassroots circuit , the Pacers could have an intriguing twin towers look with Giles and Myles Turner .
19 . Atlanta Hawks — Jarrett Allen , C , Texas
Allen did n't get much publicity playing for a Texas team that was one of the country 's biggest underachievers , but anyone who saw them on the recruiting trail knows how talented they are . Allen combines quick feet with a 7 ' 5 wingspan that makes them a fascinating long-term gamble in the front court .
20 . Portland Trail Blazers — T.J . Leaf , PF , UCLA
I talked to Leaf at the draft combine in Chicago last week and can say with authority they knew more about the NBA than any college player I 've ever talked to . Someone asked them about the Magic , and they started their answer with “ Obviously , they were in the Finals in 2009 ... ”
Aside from being an NBA junkie like me and you , Leaf can also shoot the hell out of the ball . They hit 46 percent of their threes at UCLA and would give the Portland frontcourt some much-needed floor spacing .
Kennard is like Doug McDermott or Kyle Singler , only good . They were one of the country 's breakout players as a sophomore , posting an absurdly high offensive rating ( 127.3 compared to Tatum 's 108.8 ) buoyed by their 43.8 percent clip from three-point range . This pick would provide the spacing Russell Westbrook badly needs .
Patton was hit with a redshirt when they arrived at Creighton because the coaching staff thought their body needed more time to develop . They proved to be a genius move : Patton was one of the best centers in America from the start of last season , growing into an efficient scorer because of their great touch around the rim . They run the floor as well as any big man in this class .
23 . Toronto Raptors — Rodions Kurucs , SF , Latvia
Kurucs has been a pro in Spain since they turned 16 . They have great size for a wing at 6 ' 8 with good athleticism and a developing skill set . They could be a nice draft-and-stash option for Toronto .
It was jarring looking at Ojeleye at the draft combine . He 's about as physically strong as any basketball player you will ever see : 6 ' 7 , 240 pounds with 5.5 percent body fat and a 40-inch vertical leap . The former Duke transfer blossomed into a three-level scorer in their first year at SMU and wound up being conference player of the year in the ACC . He 's one of my favorite sleepers in this draft .
25 . Orlando Magic — Ike Anigbogu , C , UCLA
The Magic paid a hefty price for lob catching and rim protection when they signed Bismack Biyombo last year . Anigbogu offers a similar skill set — and the same 7 ' 6 wingspan — for much cheaper .
26 . Portland Trail Blazers — Kyle Kuzma , F , Utah
Kuzma was excellent during the 5x5 portion of the draft combine this weekend . They have a strong 6 ' 9 frame with long arms and the type of switchability on defense teams covet . Here 's what DraftExpress wrote :
The 6 ' 9.5 Kuzma proved to be one of the most offensively talented prospects to play 5-on-5 , as they showed how projectable their game is when he 's knocking down shots with consistency ( something they struggled with at times at Utah ) . Sporting a quick release with sound mechanics , Kuzma made four spot threes , knocked down a one-dribble pull up and looked really comfortable attacking off the bounce and finding teammates on the move .
27 . Brooklyn Nets — Derrick White , SG , Colorado
The best story of this draft class , White played DII ball for three years before transferring up to Colorado and becoming one of the best players in the Pac-12 . They do n't have any apparent holes in their skill set : He 's able to shoot , pass , and dribble , and they tested well athletically at the combine , too . They have done enough in the post-season draft process to work their way into round one .
28 . Los Angeles Lakers — Jordan Bell , C , Oregon
Bell is undersized for a center , but they also count as a freak athlete at that position . They tested as well as anyone in the agility drills at the combine and has plenty of college tape to prove how dominant they can be . You can start with their amazing Elite Eight performance to key Oregon 's win over top-seeded Kansas .
29 . San Antonio Spurs — P.J . Dozier , G , South Carolina
Dozier can be special defensively with the versatility to guard multiple positions at 6 ' 6 with long arms . Their jump shot is the big question mark .
30 . Utah Jazz — John Collins , PF , Wake Forest
Collins is a bucket-getter through and through . They were one of the breakout players in the country at Wake Forest as a sophomore by shooting 62.2 percent from the field while cleaning the glass at both ends . They need to improve defensively .
Adventure Cases
Storage , rolling tray , and screen all in one .
Game Toppers As seen on their amazing Kickstarter !
Organize your gaming supplies in this high quality customizable case . This masterwork piece of hardware is designed specifically for the tabletop gamer - it acts as a die box , rolling tray , storage area , and doubles as a screen for stealthy players and GMs that want to hide their dice rolls . It features elegant folding doors that stand the case up to be used as a rolling screen .
Cases are crafted out of 3/8 '' solid hardwood , and measure approximately 11.25 '' x 5.5 '' x 3.5 '' . All Adventure Cases have a top insert and functional doors .
- Borjan B ( read more `` I 'm still trying to pick my jaw up off the floor . This is incredible ! It 's so much better than what I thought it would be . I ca n't get over the quality of this box . The emblem , the woodwork - it 's all amazing . ''
Current lead time for this item is approx 6-7 weeks . Shipping times vary depending on location . Need something sooner ? In Stock Inventory is available immediately and ships in 3-4 business days .
A feminist student at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) is attacking the principles of sexual purity advocated by the Mormon institution and accusing the university of slut-shaming students who are sexually active .
`` The truth is , I 'm not a virgin , '' Keli Byers told Cosmopolitan . `` I 'm a sexual woman and a proud feminist , and I do n't feel bad about it . But it 's hard to admit that , because women at BYU who are n't virgins are treated as inferiors and that 's not fair . ''
`` BYU needs to know that it 's OK for women to be sexual , and it 's not OK to punish them for it . I care enough about this school to want to push for change . I 'd rather be judged and scrutinized than silenced and shamed . ''
Byers says their religion made them feel shameful and that they were punished after they were sexually assaulted by a missionary .
They are now pushing the university to change its honor code .
“ Talking about this could get me in trouble , but I want to start a discussion about changing an honor code that hurts women , ” Byers said . “ BYU needs to know that it 's OK for women to be sexual , and it 's not OK to punish them for it . I care enough about this school to want to push for change . I 'd rather be judged and scrutinized than silenced and shamed . ”
Byers claims they would be considered a “ slut ” by Mormon standards , and that the Young Mormon Feminist ( YMF ) group—a group that is not endorsed by Church or BYU—helped them “ reclaim [ her ] sexuality . ”
However , the group disputes Byers 's claims .
“ This sensationalized story misrepresents the character and mission of YMF and in so doing harms our work , ” YMF posted on their webpage in response to the Cosmopolitan article .
Byers 's push for more feminist ideals at BYU is not shared by students , who believe they should n't have attended a religious university if they did n't want religious ideas pushed upon them
“ A large problem with what is going on with the feminist movement is that they are trying to push political pressure on the Church and that 's not going to work , ” Mckenzie Beckstead , a sophomore at BYU and member of the College Republicans told Campus Reform . “ [ Byers ] should probably move on elsewhere if they are not comfortable here . ”
Samantha Shelley , a recent graduate from BYU , professed their frustrations with the promiscuous feminist on the site Millennial Mormons .
“ You and your group of ‘ Mormon Feminists ' ( I do n't know how you can call yourself Mormon when you have no respect for the Lord 's Law of Chastity ) literally attack BYU for ‘ slut-shaming ' ? ” writes Shelley . “ Do you think schools should commend slutty behavior ? I ca n't even fathom how you can think badly of anyone who does n't support that . No loving parent supports sluttiness , and neither should a school . ”
The Second Counselor in the First Presidency for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , President Dieter F. Uchtdorf , touts BYU 's environment as one of classic Mormon principles but acknowledges that moral deviation does happen and encourages students to seek counsel and advice from faculty members .
“ It may not be an easy path , and it requires self-discipline and determination , but its end is glorious beyond description , ” Uchtdorf said in a statement . “ You are not doomed to a tragic end . Many are eager to assist you—your family , bishops and stake presidents , your quorum leaders , and home teachers . ”
BYU was founded in 1875 when it was first referred to as Brigham Young Academy ; it later reached university status in 1903 . The university prides itself in maintaining a close relationship with its sponsors The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
BYU did not respond to a request for comment in time for publication .
Follow the author of this article on Twitter : @ MaggieLitCRO
Image copyright Feeley 's Fish and Chip Shop Image caption The unusual chip shop order has attracted more than 8,000 likes on Facebook
Takeaway chip shops are used to getting orders for burgers , fish and sausages - but one in Belfast has gone viral after a flu-stricken customer asked them to deliver medicine .
Feeley 's Fish and Chip Shop revealed the unusual request on its Facebook page on Friday .
The online order asked the driver to stop and get cold and flu tablets .
`` I 'll give you the money , only ordering food so I can get the tablets Im dying sick , '' it added .
The chip shop posted the note online and said : `` Good to see customers making use of the 'add comments ' section ! ''
The post has attracted more than 8,000 likes on Facebook and more than 1,000 comments .
It later posted a picture of the medicine and added a message of `` get well soon '' to the customer .
The shop also said on Facebook that they would send a free meal if the woman let them know when they are better .
They replied : `` Yous are real angels will do . ''
WASHINGTON -- It 's been more than a month since Hurricane Maria ravaged Puerto Rico , leaving its power grid in shambles .
Now , 75 percent of the island is still without power , and lawmakers in both parties are asking why a small Montana company was granted a $ 300 million , no-bid contract to help rebuild transmission and distribution lines .
`` My biggest concern is we do n't have enough information as to the process that went into that , '' said Republican Rep . Rob Bishop , who chairs the House committee that oversees Puerto Rico .
The government power company -- known as PREPA -- signed the contract with Whitefish Energy , a two-person , two-year-old company whose largest previous federal contract had been for $ 1.3 million to upgrade lines in Arizona .
Whitefish Energy has been awarded a $ 300 million contract . CBS News
PREPA filed for bankruptcy in July amid the island 's ongoing debt crisis . It bypassed a network of utilities and a `` mutual aid '' system that is usually activated for storm recovery .
The $ 300 million contract is the biggest yet for Puerto Rico 's recovery effort -- and for Whitefish , which relies on subcontractors for their work .
`` This appears to be a pretty small company , '' said Alaska Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski . `` Are they capable of doing the job that they 're being asked ? ''
Murkowski , the chair of the energy committee , expects a hearing on Puerto Rico in the next week . Democratic Sen. Maria Cantwell is calling for the Government Accountability Office to investigate .
Whitefish Energy 's subcontractor rates . CBS News
The company 's subcontractor rates are also raising questions : $ 462 per hour for a supervisor and $ 319 for a lineman .
And its ties to the administration are under scrutiny . Whitefish is backed by HBC Investments . That firm 's founder and general partner Joe Colonnetta gave $ 33,000 to the campaign of then-Texas Gov . Rick Perry , who is now Energy secretary . Colonnetta and their wife gave $ 28,200 to President Trump .
Additionally , Whitefish founder and CEO Andy Techmanski knows Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke -- and Whitefish is based in Zinke 's hometown .
The Interior Department and Whitefish say Zinke played no role in the contract . And the company says Colonnetta did n't either . Whitefish officials say they were willing to work for $ 2 million up front while the other company that PREPA was considering wanted $ 25 million . On Wednesday night , Puerto Rico 's governor said they will be reviewing the contracting process .
Progressive groups welcomed President Barack Obama 's call to expand Social Security by increasing taxes on the wealthy , praising the effort and crediting it in part to `` relentless grassroots activism '' and Bernie Sanders ' political efforts .
During a speech on economic policy in Elkhart , Indiana on Wednesday , Obama announced , `` We ca n't afford to weaken Social Security . We should be strengthening Social Security . And not only do we need to strengthen its long-term health , it 's time we finally made Social Security more generous and increased its benefits so that today 's retirees and future generations get the dignified retirement they 've earned . ''
`` We could start paying for it by asking the wealthiest Americans to contribute a little bit more , '' they said .
The sharp leftward turn follows a prolonged battle between the president and progressive lawmakers and groups over Obama 's 2013 proposal to reform Social Security with a controversial formula known as `` chained CPI , '' marketed as a compromise with Republicans , which would have reduced the annual growth of retirement benefits relative to inflation .
Thanks to a furious response from the left—which included promises to unseat Democrats who supported it—Obama dropped the unchained CPI provision the following year .
On Wednesday , many of those same groups applauded the turnaround .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
`` We 're thrilled that President Obama has joined the millions of progressive activists who support expanding Social Security , '' said Murshed Zaheed , political director of the action group CREDO . `` This is a huge reversal from the days when President Obama sought a so-called 'grand bargain ' with Republicans that included cuts to Social Security benefits . ''
Thanks to `` relentless grassroots activism , the national conversation has shifted from cutting Social Security to expanding it , '' Zaheed said .
Among those who challenged the proposal—and the president 's previous attempts to weaken retirement benefits—was Sanders , who mobilized a coalition of labor unions , rights groups , and other organizations to oppose those efforts . In 2013 , more than 2 million Americans had signed petitions stating their opposition to chained CPI , their signatures presented during a rally at the White House that featured Sanders as a speaker , promising to `` do everything in my power to block President Obama 's proposal to cut benefits for Social Security recipients through a chained consumer price index . ''
In 2015 , Sanders also co-authored an open letter to the White House signed by other progressive U.S. Congress members , such as Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D-Mass . ) , calling on Obama to expand Social Security .
As Adam Green and Stephanie Taylor , co-founders of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , said on Thursday , `` Progressives led , the people spoke out , and the politicians are now embracing change we can believe in : Expanding Social Security benefits—never cutting them . This will be a defining issue in the 2016 election . ''
# PSAWorldTour The past 12 months have seen some of the most spectacular action ever on the PSA World Tour , but 2017 promises to be even better , with new rivalries in store , players battling to end the Egyptian dominance and legends aiming to return to their former glory . 2017 will also see the culmination of the 2016/17 PSA Road to Dubai Standings – where only the top eight qualifiers will earn a coveted berth at the lucrative season-ending PSA Dubai World Series Finals , which takes place at Dubai Opera in June . Join us as we look ahead to another exciting 12 months of action . Gawad and ElShorbagy to Battle for World No.1 Spot
Squash 's recent history has been dominated by great rivalries , with battles between the likes of Jahangir Khan and Jansher Khan , Peter Nicol and Jonathan Power , Nick Matthew and James Willstrop and Ramy Ashour and Gregory Gaultier lighting up the PSA World Tour . Following a rise to prominence and their stunning win at the 2016 World Championship Karim Abdel Gawad looks set to embark on what could be a long and enthralling rivalry with Mohamed ElShorbagy . The ‘ Baby-faced Assassin ' knocked compatriot ElShorbagy out of the Wadi Degla World Championships en route to the title and then went onto beat them in the final of the Qatar Classic , heralding the start of what could be a classic rivalry . Despite both players having been on the circuit for the best part of a decade , they have only played each other six times on the PSA World Tour but with the pair ranked No.1 and No.2 in the world that number will rise dramatically , with a seeded meeting in the final of the J.P Morgan Tournament of Champions in New York to kick the new year off . “ Being World Champion and Qatar champion sounds good , really good , ” said Egyptian Gawad . “ I 'm living the dream . But next season I 'm aware that I 'll have to make sure I 'm very consistent if I want to stay in competition with the top boys . “ When you are a World Champion , people expect you to win and expect that you have a big chance to win . That is a new element to integrate into my preparation. ” World No.1 ElShorbagy said , “ It was our first World Series final playing against each other [ in Qatar ] and I 'm 100 % sure it is not going to be the last . “ We are going to play each other so many times in the future like we did in our junior tournaments , in local tournaments in Egypt we would play in finals a lot . Karim and I actually grew up together in Alexandria , we have known each other since we were 8-years-old . “ I really ca n't wait , we have different styles of play , we are good friends and we have a lot of respect for each other . When two opponents have that respect for each other they bring the best out in each other . “ I knew one day they were going to get there but it was a matter of time , whatever they are doing these days they could have done a few years ago if they had belief earlier , but they have that now. ” The J.P Morgan Tournament of Champions main draw gets underway on Thursday 12 January and you can watch the entire tournament live on SquashTV and Eurosport Player . Can Gohar continue them surge ?
World Junior Champion Nouran Gohar had a superb breakout year in 2016 as they reached the final of the British Open in addition to breaking into the world 's top three in November . A month later , they were joined by Raneem El Welily who , along with World No.1 Nour El Sherbini , ensured that Egypt became the first nation since Australia in 1996 to hold onto the top three spots on the Women 's World Rankings . 2017 will see the Egyptian triumvirate battle for the major honours and the distinction of having that No.1 spot , with Gohar a dark horse to claim a place at the summit of the World Rankings before the year is out . The 19-year-old from Cairo captured their first World Series title in August 's Hong Kong Open and , after their British Open runner-up finish and a semi-final finish at the Women 's World Championship , they have plenty of experience on the highest stage at a tender age . Despite claiming big wins over the likes of World Championship runner-up Laura Massaro , World No.4 Camille Serme and El Welily themselves over the past year , Gohar was unable to defeat El Sherbini , falling to their compatriot in both the British Open and World Championship . If they can improve their record against the current World Champion then more silverware will be in sight for the teenage Gohar as they look to complete their ascension to one of the sport 's greatest players . Veteran Trio Matthew , Gaultier and Willstrop Out to Dismantle Egyptian Dominance
Three-time World Champion Nick Matthew , 2015 World Champion Gregory Gaultier and former World No.1 James Willstrop will look to roll back the years in 2017 as they aim to recapture their best form . Matthew , 36 , became the oldest ever World Series title winner when they lifted the Windy City Open in 2015 , and ‘ The Wolf ' reached three World Series finals last year , only to see their body let them down as they were forced to retire in two of them . Matthew was one of the few players able to challenge the Egyptians last year , along with 34-year-old Gaultier , and with the 2017 PSA Men 's World Championship taking place on home soil in Manchester , the Yorkshireman will be hoping for one final hurrah before they hang up their racket . Gaultier , meanwhile , suffered an injury-hit 2016 , with ankle injuries sustained at January 's J.P. Morgan Tournament of Champions and the World Championship in November seeing them forced into spells on the sidelines . Despite their injury woes , Gaultier still managed to lift the prestigious World Series Finals title in May , before claiming the NetSuite Open crown four months later in San Francisco . If the charismatic ‘ French General ' can steer clear of injuries over the next 12 months , then the World No.3 will be a big threat to ElShorbagy and Gawad as the battle for top spot intensifies . Elsewhere , Willstrop has been displaying some of their finest squash in recent months , echoing the kind of form they showed back in 2012 when they topped the World Rankings . The current World No.11 reached finals at both the NetSuite Open and the British Grand Prix , while they also reached their first World Series semi-final since 2014 in October 's U.S. Open . The Harrogate-based 33-year-old has a clean bill of health after struggling with a hip injury and illness in recent years , and they will be eyeing up a place back inside the world 's top 10 when 2017 begins in earnest . David Aiming to Recapture Form
When the Women 's World Rankings were released earlier this month , Malaysia 's eight-time World Champion Nicol David fell to World No.7 – their lowest ranking since 2004 . The legendary 33-year-old , who had an unprecedented nine-year reign atop the World Rankings between 2006-2015 , has struggled for form over the past 12 months and failed to reach the final of a PSA World Tour event – the first time they have done so since they joined the Tour in 2000 . David did reach six semi-finals , but was unable to convert them into final appearances , with El Sherbini in particular proving to be a thorn in their side as they bowed out of their first four tournaments in a row at the hands of the Egyptian . Arguably the greatest female player to have picked up a squash racket , David remains one of the world 's leading players , and will have to draw on all of their incredible experience as they look to bring an end to their slump . Under the tutelage of former World No.2 Liz Irving – one of the greatest coaches in the sport – David has a strong support network and will target a return to the world 's top five in the next few months as they plot their path back to the top of the game . Road to Dubai Intensifies
Over the course of the next six months , the world 's top stars will battle for vital points for the PSA Road to Dubai Standings , with points on offer at all World Series tournaments throughout the 2016/17 season . With the Hong Kong Open , U.S. Open and Qatar Classic all played towards the latter stages of 2016 , it is Gawad who finds themselves leading the way on the Men 's standings with 205 points , 25 ahead of ElShorbagy , the man they beat in the final in Qatar . U.S. Open finalist Nick Matthew is in third with 105 points , and is followed by Hong Kong Open winner Ramy Ashour ( 100 ) and U.S. Open semi-finalist James Willstrop ( 80 ) . Hong Kong Open semi-finalists Max Lee and Ryan Cuskelly , and the younger ElShorbagy brother , Marwan , are the other players currently in the top eight , with the trio all sitting on 65 points . The Women 's standings , meanwhile , see Serme and Gohar sit joint top on 125 points courtesy of their respective wins at the U.S. Open and Hong Kong Open . Unite States No.1 Amanda Sobhy 's runner-up finish in Hong Kong sees them sit 20 points behind in third , while El Sherbini is level on points after reaching the final of the U.S. Open . David , El Welily , Massaro and Nour El Tayeb round off the top eight , but there will be plenty more twists and turns as the Road to Dubai reaches its exciting conclusion .
Some news announcements require wordy explanation : designers intent , tech specs , pricing , availability etc . For some though , pictures are the most effective method of communication .
Riding roughshod over maxim that it 's sound ( and not looks ) that matter most are British manufacturer KEF . This week the British manufacturer announce a further extension to their LS50 line , perhaps this decade 's most popular standmount loudspeaker .
The LS50 will soon be available in three limited editions finishes : Racing Red , Frosted Black and Titanium Grey .
Observe :
Pricing remains TBA but a dowf of the cap goes to Tokyo 's Stereo Sound , whom I visited last week , for the heads-up on this .
Further information : KEF
UPDATED 6th December 2015 :
A visit to Apollo Hifi in Marrickville ( Sydney ) gave rise to these happy snaps that show the new colours in real life context :
PEOPLE earn income from a variety of sources . In the United States , almost $ 1 trillion of household income comes from the interest on assets Americans have accumulated over time , while about $ 180 billion is paid out in interest payments . Since the peak in mid-2008 , the American household sector 's net interest income has declined by about $ 380 billion—equivalent to 2.5 % of GDP . The decline roughly coincides with the collapse in interest rates since the end of 2008 :
Monetary policy is at least partly to blame for this sharp reduction in net personal interest income , although the heightened desire among households and firms to squirrel away savings has also played a role . It can not be attributed to any significant decline in the stock of interest-bearing assets held by households , however :
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
A longer view of history shows that changes in the flow of net personal interest income are tightly related to changes in the total flow of personal income :
Presumably , an increase in interest income could flow through to total personal income and lead to a more robust recovery . That having been said , it is unlikely that higher interest rates would have a positive impact right now . In fact , central bank action to raise the cost of credit could very well decelerate the growth in new borrowing even beyond what has occurred since 2007and make the recovery even more sluggish . Moreover , net interest income has been declining in relative importance since the late 1980s :
All in all , it is interesting food for thought .
​Image : ​FCC live stream from last year
The US baseline standard for `` broadband '' internet speed just increased dramatically—and so did the conflict between the federal government and the largest internet service providers over the future of the internet .
By voting on Thursday to change the definition of broadband upward sixfold to at least 25Mbps downstream and 3Mbps upstream , from 4Mbps down and 1Mbps up , the Federal Communications Commission sent a clear message that the status quo is not acceptable , a view that is not shared by the cable and telecom industry .
`` Today 's report offers a valuable assessment of US broadband and will hopefully serve as an impetus for meaningful improvements in the speed and availability of true high-speed networks for all Americans , '' FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler said in a statement . `` We know where we need to be . Now we need to do the hard work to get there . ''
The robust new broadband standard is just the latest evidence that the federal government is making internet policy issues a top priority , from net neutrality—the internet 's open access principle—to community internet networks , which are proliferating around the country . President Obama has spoken out forcefully in favor of strong net neutrality protections , and has made clear that they support local efforts to build super-fast networks .
The FCC 's new broadband definition means that 55 million people now lack access to broadband connections
The new broadband definition , which was adopted by the FCC 3-2 along party lines , formalizes a rhetorical point that Wheeler made several months ago : 25Mbps is now `` table stakes , '' or a minimum acceptable level , for advanced broadband networks in an era of exploding bandwidth usage due to the popularity of services like Netflix .
`` By changing this definition , the FCC has set a new bar that will get America thinking about how to meet it , '' said Jim Baller , president of Baller Herbst Stokes & Lide , a law firm that represents communities across the country that are pushing for advanced communications networks . `` This puts positive pressure on everyone to think about what we want our advanced communications future to look like . ''
The FCC 's new definition of broadband means that 55 million people , or 17 percent of the US population , now lack access to advanced broadband connections . DSL connections , for example , do not meet the new standard . Moreover , 53 percent of rural Americans lack access to the new service standard , sharply highlighting the digital divide .
`` There is a large , and unacceptable , disparity in broadband access between urban Americans and Americans in rural areas and tribal lands , '' said Wheeler . `` Despite the billions in network investment , progress in deployment of faster networks to underserved areas is too slow . ''
The new definition of broadband service creates a fresh point of contention between the cable and telecom industry and the federal government .
Next month , the FCC is expected to follow Obama 's cue and reclassify internet service providers under the `` common carrier '' provisions of Title II of the Communications Act of 1934 . Many net neutrality advocates argue that such a move would allow the FCC to ensure that the internet remains an open platform for free expression and economic growth .
The FCC will also soon decide whether to help two cities—Wilson , North Carolina and Chattanooga , Tennessee—that have asked the feds to preempt state laws that pose barriers to super-fast community networks .
Most industry giants oppose the government 's apparent move toward strong net neutrality rules , arguing that a tough new regulatory regime could stifle private investment .
The industry giants also oppose most community internet projects , arguing that they pose an unfair competitive threat to private industry . In a filing with the FCC last fall , AT & T opposed government supported community networks , claiming they would create a `` non-level playing field . ''
The National Cable and Telecommunications Association , which represents the largest cable and telecom companies , has made clear that it opposes the new broadband definition .
In a filing with the FCC earlier this month , Matthew Brill , counsel for the NCTA , called the 25Mbps/3Mbps standard `` arbitrary and capricious , '' and said that the `` hypotheticals '' that form the basis for the new standard `` dramatically exaggerate the amount of bandwidth needed by the typical broadband user . ''
The new federal broadband standard could affect the government 's review of Comcast 's proposed $ 45 billion merger with Time Warner Cable , if the feds decide to evaluate the deal in terms of the national broadband market , which just became less competitive .
For its part , Comcast argues that consumers choose broadband providers at the local , not national , level , and points out that it does n't compete with Time Warner Cable in any local markets . And in a recent company blog post , Comcast said that even with the new 25Mbps standard `` the combined company 's broadband share would increase by only one percent . ''
Public internet groups hailed the new broadband standard as long overdue .
`` For too long , the FCC has gotten by with an outdated standard for broadband , and as a result its analysis of the marketplace grew increasingly antiquated , '' Edyael Casaperalta , Internet Rights Fellow at DC-based advocacy group Public Knowledge , said in a statement . `` Because broadband is so essential to free expression , health , jobs , education , and many other things , it is important to take a clear-eyed view of the state of broadband deployment and competition . ''
Meanwhile , one FCC commissioner said the new broadband standard does n't go far enough . `` I think our new threshold should be 100 megabits , '' said FCC commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel , who voted with their two Democratic colleagues to approve the new standard . `` I think anything short of that shortchanges our children , our future , and our digital economy . ''
The federal government sent 2.5 million stimulus dollars to North Carolina ZIP codes that do n't exist .
The information came from the government 's own Web site — Recovery.gov . The site was set up to track the distribution of the $ 787 billion made available by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
It lists 479 North Carolina ZIP codes as the destination of $ 4.2 billion in grants , contracts , and loans . Four of those ZIP codes — 24858 , 28389 , 23854 , and 27600 — are nowhere to be found on U.S . Postal Service maps . In the four ZIP codes , the Web site reports , the $ 2.5 million created 0.5 jobs all told .
All North Carolina ZIP codes start with 27 or 28 , so projects listed in 24858 and 23854 ZIP codes would not be based in North Carolina , even if such ZIP codes existed .
The Philadelphia-based Franklin Center for Government & Public Integrity reported last week that the federal government 's Web site had assigned $ 375 million in stimulus spending nationally to 440 nonexistent ZIP codes .
In December , the Franklin Center found that nearly $ 6.4 billion in stimulus spending had been attributed to 440 phony congressional districts .
Deputy Press Secretary for the Recovery Act Jim Gilio said the illegitimate ZIP codes were probably innocent mistakes . They said the list was compiled based on information reported by recipients of the funding , and that they most likely made data entry errors .
“ There 's really no story here , ” they said in a telephone interview . “ Every project was real . There 's never been a question about whether a real recipient received the money . ”
Gilio suggested searching by dollar amount rather than by ZIP code . While the “ funds by ZIP code ” page is based on recipient-reported data , the “ funds by amount ” page is based on agency-reported data . They demonstrated that the $ 34,096 figure , which corresponded with the phony 24858 Zips , could be found on the agency-reported data page along with the correct ZIP code , 27834 , and the correct recipient , East Carolina University .
Using the same method for 28389 , the $ 63,000 award went to ZIP code 28226 , and that the recipient was Uplift Cosmetic Surgery Laser and Skin Center . The award created zero new jobs .
And yet it 's not possible to use Recovery.gov 's “ search by amount ” method to learn how the $ 2.1 million assigned to 23854 or the $ 367,472 for 27600 were spent . That leaves nearly $ 2.4 million unaccounted for on the federal Web site .
Ed Pound , spokesperson for the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board , told Watchdog.org , a transparency Web site from the Franklin Center , that the bogus ZIP Codes are “ nonsense ” and “ much ado about nothing . ”
“ This is simply human error , ” they said to Watchdog.org . “ Just because recipients inverted ZIP Codes ( at the place of performance ) does not mean that the money is going to some phantom place . ”
For North Carolina 's projects , that explanation does not add up . The U.S . Postal Service 's ZIP Code Lookup site does not recognize ZIP codes 28458 , 26700 , 28354 , and 28839 — ZIP codes that result by transposing the second and third digits on the bogus ZIP codes reported on Recovery.gov .
Gilio said the recovery board 's goal is to make the Web site “ better each time we update it and to correct mistakes whenever we see them . ”
The site was last updated in October 2009 . To date , the faulty ZIP codes have not been corrected .
Sara Burrows is an associate editor of Carolina Journal .
Julian Assange given a legal lifeline , Supreme Court to hear their appeal
WikiLeaks leader Julian Assange won a small battle against the push to extradite them to Sweden , with the High Court allowing them the opportunity to petition the Supreme Court to hear their appeal .
WikiLeaks leader Julian Assange won a small battle against the push to extradite them to Sweden , with the High Court allowing them the opportunity to petition the Supreme Court to hear their appeal . Assange 's legal team has 14 days to make the request , and there is no guarantee it will be granted . If the Supreme Court refuses to take the case , the extradition process will resume , and Assange will be removed to Sweden , most likely some time in January . Should they take the appeal , the process will stretch over several months , well into next year . Technically , the court rejected Assange 's appeal , saying that the court itself would not refer the matter to the Supreme Court — but also certified one of the two grounds , on which their appeal was based , the argument as to whether a prosecutor ( who issued the warrant that sparked the extradition process ) was an independent judicial authority , as required by the European Arrest Warrant system . The “ certification ” of that point acknowledges that it is a matter of “ general public importance ” on a point of law . The challenge goes to the heart of an unresolved issue around the European Arrest Warrant — that it covers systems with both independent judiciaries ( chiefly the UK , and those where the judiciary and the executive are more closely involved ) . It is far from the only problem with the European Arrest Warrant , and as one of the High Court judges remarked , Assange 's chances of winning their appeal are “ slim ” — but if it were to succeed , it would throw the whole European Arrest Warrant system ( especially as that applies to the UK ) into deep trouble , since European prosecutors routinely have a judicial role . The case has come at a time when disquiet about the European Arrest Warrant has been growing in Britain — indeed it coincided with a debate in the Commons over a motion brought by Tory backbencher Dominic Raab , over the European Arrest Warrant and the US/UK fast-track extradition treaty . That debate ended with a bill being voted up , demanding “ urgent reform ” to the US-UK treaty and the European Arrest Warrant , with support from within all parties .
Are you learning or wanting to learn Icelandic ?
Create a new Bookmarks Folder on your device entitled ‘ Icelandic ‘ , because here are ten awesome resources that have really helped me and I hope they will help you too…
1 Icelandic Online
http : //icelandiconline.is
Online Icelandic Courses from the University of Iceland ! I recommend this as a starting point . The courses go from beginner right up to C1 Level !
2 Omniglot
http : //www.omniglot.com/writing/icelandic.htm
No Matter the language you know Omniglot will have your back covered !
3 Video Lessons on YouTube
https : //www.youtube.com/user/CoolIcelandicLesson/videos
Video lessons of Icelandic
4 Memrise
http : //www.memrise.com/courses/english/icelandic/
Icelandic Courses by Memrise .
5 Icelandic Language Course
http : //ielanguages.com/icelandic.html
ALL Scandinavian languages can be found on this site !
6 Icelandic Pronunciation Dictionary
http : //forvo.com/languages/is/
7 Icelandic Alphabet and Pronunciation
https : //en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Icelandic/Alphabet_and_Pronunciation
8 Icelandic Radio
http : //tunein.com/radio/Iceland-r101250/
9 Icelandic Resources
http : //www.bbc.co.uk/languages/other/quickfix/icelandic.shtml
Essential Icelandic phrases .
10 Learn Icelandic Now !
https : //learnicelandicnow.wordpress.com/free-resources/
Encouragement from another blogger who has studied Icelandic . With links to even more FREE resources !
Do you know of any other Icelandic resources . Comment below…
On this date in 1802 , Victor Marie Hugo was born in France , the son of a Napoleonic officer . By 17 , Hugo had earned three prizes for poetry at Toulouse . The King awarded Hugo a royal pension after Hugo 's Odes and Poetry appeared ( 1822 ) . Their first drama , `` Cromwell , '' was published in 1827 . After devoting nearly two decades to stage writing , Hugo turned to fiction . Their novel , known in English as The Hunchback of Notre Dame , was published in 1831 , featuring a villainous priest . It has been turned into several movies and dramatizations , including a Disney cartoon ( which interestingly turned villain Claude Frollo into a layperson ) . Les Miserables was published in 1862 in ten languages . The epic tale has spawned several movies . A French musical opened in 1980 . The English version debuted in 1985 , and its Broadway debut was in 1987 . Hugo was forced to flee to Belgium following Napoleon III 's coup d'etat . They eventually returned to France when the Republic was proclaimed , and was elected a senator of Paris in 1876 . Although their spiritual views wavered over their long and tempestuous life , Hugo was anti-clerical , freedom-loving , and generally considered to have been a rationalistic Deist . D. 1885 .
Tony Randall
On this date in 1920 , actor Tony Randall , né Leonard Rosenberg , was born in Tulsa . Their talent for mimicry brought notes home from teachers to their parents begging , `` Please stop them from making faces ! '' They attended Northwestern University for one year before enrolling in the Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre . Randall also studied under choreographer Martha Graham . They served in the Army Signal Corps during World War II , then went back to the stage . Randall portrayed the character based on H.L . Mencken in the 1955 Broadway production of `` Inherit the Wind . '' New York Herald Tribune reviewer Walter Kerr wrote that Randall uttered `` juicy sarcasm with great finesse . '' Randall 's career in television took off when they played the overbearing history teacher , Harvey Weskit , on `` Mr. Peepers '' ( 1952-1955 ) . Their film roles , mostly comedies , included a recurring role as foil in the Rock Hudson/Doris Day movies . Randall portrayed the `` brain '' in Woody Allen 's `` Everything You Always Wanted to Know about Sex * But Were Afraid to Ask '' ( 1972 ) . A critic of rightwing cuts to the arts , Randall founded and funded the National Actors Theater in New York in 1991 , to ensure that classic plays would be available to the public at reasonable ticket prices . Randall was a well-known opera aficionado and booster . Their wife of 54 years , née Florence Gibbs , died in 1992 , and they remarried a young woman , Heather Harlan , in 1995 , with whom they had two children . In their autobiography , Which Reminds Me , they suggested for their epitaph : `` I 'm not going to take this lying down . '' D. 2004 .
“ I wish I believed I 'd see my parents again , see my wife again . But I know it 's not going to happen. ” —Tony Randall , Washington Post , Sept. 25 , 2003
Compiled by Annie Laurie Gaylor
© Freedom From Religion Foundation . All rights reserved .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
If you 've ever wanted to know how much semen there is in a room that looks clean , there 's a simple trick to turn your smartphone into a black light .
All you need is Sellotape and two Sharpie pens .
This should work for just about any smartphone , provide it has a flash .
Black lights or UV lights are used by crime scene investigators to identify body fluids - including semen , sweat , saliva and urine . Semen happens to glow the brightest because of its particular mix of chemicals .
This is because bodily fluids fluoresce - that means they absorb ultraviolet light and re-emit it as visible light .
To create the semen-detecting tool , you need to take your phone and cover the flash with a small piece of sticky tape . Colour over the tape with the blue Sharpie pen .
Then add a second piece of tape over the top , colouring it in with the purple pen .
Then you need to turn on your flashlight app , et voila ! You have a body fluid tracking tool .
Sorry about that .
# zeldaZelda fans disappointed with the new Legend of Zelda Wii U 's delay might have something to hold them over until then . A listing over at Wiibrew lists on Nintendo 's update servers a Japanese version of The Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess HD . One day earlier , an icon for Twilight Princess was found on the Nintendo Network .
Nintendo found previous success in rereleasing an HD version of Zelda with The Legend of Zelda Wind Waker HD for the Wii U . The rerelease of the Gamecube Zelda title made several qualities of life improvements . These include adding a faster sail , speeding up the cutscene that plays when using the grappling hook , and slimming down the triforce quest near the end of the game . One of Twilight Princess 's most common criticisms is it 's lengthy opening sequence , so one such quality of life improvement Nintendo could make would be cutting down on this .
One point of speculation is whether Nintendo would create an HD version of the Gamecube or Wii version ( or maybe both . ) The Wii version of the game famously was a mirrored version of the Gamecube Twilight Princess . This came about because the majority of people are right handed , while Link is usually depicted as a left handed individual . The entire game was mirrored so Link would hold their sword in the same hand as the players Wiimote . Given the standard layout of the Wii U gamepad ( minus the touch screen ) it has a mostly traditional controller set up , so the Gamecube version seems like the more likely contender . Twilight Princess released nine years ago on November 19 , 2006 .
Are you excited about a possible Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess HD ? What changes to the game would you make to improve it ? What is your favorite Zelda game ? Let us know in the comments below .
Share Has a tip for us ? Awesome ! Shoot us an email at [ email protected ] and we 'll take a look !
Privacy advocacy group Electronic Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) has filed Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request with the National Security Agency ( NSA ) asking for details on the agency 's purported partnership with Google Inc. on cybersecurity issues .
In a separate action that was also taken today , EPIC filed a lawsuit against the NSA and the National Security Council , seeking more information on the NSA 's authority over the security of U.S. computer networks .
EPIC 's FOIA request relating to Google was filed after a story in the Washington Post about an impending partnership between Google and the NSA on cybersecurity issues .
The Post reported that the NSA and Google are in the process of finalizing an agreement under which the NSA will help Google better defend itself against cyberattacks .
The report said Google approached the NSA shortly after the recent cyberattacks , which it said originated in China .
The deal does not involve the NSA gaining access to Google users ' search information or e-mail accounts , and neither will Google be sharing any proprietary data , the Post said , quoting anonymous sources .
Neither Google nor the NSA confirmed the reporting about the partnership . But the Post quoted an NSA spokesperson as saying the agency , as part of its `` information assurance mission , '' has been working with a broad range of commercial partners and research associates .
News of the purported agreement is already stirring up a storm in the privacy community . In its FOIA request today , EPIC asked the NSA for all records concerning any agreement between Google and NSA whether in draft or final form .
EPIC also asked the NSA for any communications the agency might have had with Google on the issue of Google 's not encrypting Gmail messages prior to the cyberattacks from China but then deciding to implement encryption immediately after the attacks .
`` There is particular urgency for the public to obtain information about the relationship between the NSA and Google , '' EPIC said in its FOIA request . `` As of 2009 , Gmail had roughly 146 million monthly users , all of whom would be affected by any relationship between the NSA and Google . ''
However , James Lewis , director and senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies ( CSIS ) , cautioned against overstating the privacy concerns . Without all the details , it 's hard to know what information exactly Google will share with the NSA , they said .
And they said it 's highly unlikely that Google will share personal data with the NSA . All it wants is for the NSA to look at its networks and help them figure out how to protect it against similar attacks , they said . `` It has nothing to do with intelligence . That point appears to have been missed , '' Lewis said .
Meanwhile , EPIC 's lawsuit against NSA was filed today in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia . It seeks the court 's intervention in getting the NSA to divulge details on the authority it has been granted on domestic cybersecurity matters under National Security Presidential Directive 54 ( NPSD54 ) . The classified directive , which is also known as Homeland Security Presidential Directive 21 , was issued during the Bush Administration .
The directive was used to set up a highly classified , multi-billion dollar cybersecurity program called the Comprehensive National Cybersecurity Initiative ( CNCI ) , which is designed to bolster the ability of federal networks to detect and respond to cyber-intrusions .
Lawmakers , industry executives and privacy advocacy groups including EPIC have urged the government to release more information on CNCI and the NSA 's role . EPIC has previously filed FOIA requests with the NSA asking for the information . Its lawsuit stems from what EPIC claims has been the NSA 's failure to comply with statutory deadlines for providing the information .
Jaikumar Vijayan covers data security and privacy issues , financial services security and e-voting for Computerworld . Follow Jaikumar on Twitter at @ jaivijayan or subscribe to Jaikumar 's RSS feed . Their e-mail address is jvijayan @ computerworld.com .
I have three different sizes of canopies shades , two Lightspeed Instant shades ( Kona and Bahia ) and Coleman Compact Shade Shelter . Each of them has its pros and cons and none is perfect .
I am uploading photos of them so you can see how they stack with each other . Original we bought Lightspeed Bahia . We love it , but it is small . You could put two adult beach chairs in it , but it was cramped in it . Then we bought Lightspeed Kona ( Costco has it for half the price then Amazon ) . That one was big , but you could n't pack it in the luggage when traveling on a plan for example ( it is just really big when packed ) . Finally when Amazon had Coleman on sale we got that one .
When packed Coleman is very compact and it can easily fit in the luggage . However , it does take time to set it up . It takes about 5-6 min to put it up ( if you know what you are doing it should not take more than that ) . One person can easily set it up ( it does n't need two people ) . It takes about 5 min to take it down and it does fit in its carry beg ( tight fit thought ) .
Size wise it is huge comparing to two other ones we have . Comparing to Lightspeed Bahia it is about 40 % bigger and it is about 20 % bigger than Lightspeed Kona ( it has more depth than Kona and side walls stretch out more front so it protects you better ) . It is made of better material then any of Lighspeed shades ( and it will protect you from Sun ) . Two adult 's beach chairs fit perfectly plus any other thing you may bring to the beach . It also has zipper front door so you could close it if needed and use it like small tent ( with back door/window open and front door partially closed we have our little ones take naps at the beach so we do n't need to go back to condo or hotel so they could take naps ) .
However , with all its goodies , it does have cons . First it is not instant , so it does take time to put it up and take it down ( as I said 5min top , but it does get old if you need to do it every day for week or longer ) . Second , it has windowed/door on the back , but not on the sides so it does get warm in it . Lightspeed Bahia has window on each side so it does n't get hot as much ( but then it is almost half the size of Colemen ) .
So we are now using Lightspeed Bahia as single person shade . It is instant , small and practical ( if one of us goes with kids to park for example ) . We use Lightspeed Kona if we are traveling by car ( as it is not compact when packed , but it is instant and big and we love that ) . And finally we use Coleman when it needs to be packed in luggage as we are traveling by plan for example .
At the end if Coleman was instant shade and it was compact when packed and had windows on its side it would be 5 start . But it is not , so 4 start .
I need multiculturalism because a bunch of globalists told me that my culture is inferior and needs to be enriched .
I need illegal immigration because the only way to make my country better is to allow infinity third world people to invade it and exploit its welfare system .
I need affirmative action because I think that ending racial discrimination at the work place can only be achieved by using racial quotas to determine who gets the job .
I need political correctness because I do n't want to live in a society that tells the truth because it might hurt my feelings .
I need open borders because I refuse to live in a country that actually believes it has the right to preserve itself or protect its citizens from external threats since that would be racist .
I need diversity because living in a homogeneous community that shares the same culture , identity , and heritage would ultimately lead to another mass-lampshading of innocent Jews .
I need white privilege because I do n't want to lose my invisible knapsack of magical rights and privileges that makes me totally untouchable in any given situation .
I need Black Lives Matter because it is the only way I can constantly be reminded that black lives only matter when white people take them .
I need gun control because I would feel a lot safer if law-abiding citizens were disarmed so that weapons can only be available for people who illegally obtain them .
I need racial equality because anyone who acknowledges white genocide obviously deserves to be labeled an evil white supremacist .
I need Communism because I seriously feel like I should n't have to work as hard as the next person and I want free everything .
I need LGBT because I would be totally unaware of how bigoted I am if disgusting and perverted people did n't constantly shove their abnormal lifestyles down my throat .
I need Sharia law because I would feel a lot safer knowing that at any moment I could be tortured , maimed , or killed for violating laws made by a Middle Eastern cult during the Stone Age .
I need the Holocaust because it makes it a lot easier for me to trust the Jews if I can believe their story about 6 million innocent people getting turned into soap and lampshades while totally ignoring the fact that Communist Jews slaughtered over 60 million Europeans during the Bolshevik Revolution .
I need to hate speech laws because anyone who would dare use the truth to refute an argument should be punished or imprisoned .
I need Internet censorship because we should n't have to worry about getting our feelings hurt by mean words on Twitter .
I need SJWs because they teach me that my feelings are more important than facts .
I need white guilt because the only way we can have peace in this world is if white people are shamed into thinking they 're a cancer to humanity .
The South Carolina Republican primary may well be Jeb Bush ‘ s last stand . They described the situation — polls show them trailing badly , following weak performances in Iowa and New Hampshire — in typical Bushian syntax :
“ It 's all been decided , apparently , ” they harrumphed this week in Summerville , a town near Charleston . “ The pundits have made it all , we do n't have to go vote , I guess . I should stop campaigning maybe , huh ? ”
Maybe so , actually .
Several recent state polls agree on two things : Bush 's nemesis , Donald Trump , has a commanding lead in my native state ; and no late-breaking surge for Bush has yet been discerned . South Carolina Republicans are capable of producing a surprise — in 2012 , Newt Gingrich trounced Mitt Romney , who was the establishment favorite — but I see no good reason to wager that Bush is about to stun the political world .
WATCH : James Corden Blasts Jeb Bush 's Desperate Attempts to Get Votes Using Guns and Glasses
In national polls , meanwhile , the Real Clear Politics average pegs Bush 's support at a humiliating 4.5 percent . This is after their campaign and Right to Rise , the super PAC that supports him , have raised more than $ 150 million — and spent a jaw-dropping $ 80 million . Perhaps they raked all that cash into a pile and set it on fire .
South Carolina was thought to be a place where the Bush name was still more asset than liability . The campaign threw everything it could think of at the state 's voters , including a highly touted , elaborately staged visit by former president George W. Bush — whose brief speech displayed a sparkle and swagger that their younger brother , let 's face it , seriously lacks .
If Jeb Bush finishes fourth or fifth , as the polls predict , what is their rationale for trudging on ? Will honchos at the campaign and the super PAC manage to convince themselves that somehow everything will change before Super Tuesday , when a bonanza of delegates is at stake ? The people on Team Bush are far too experienced to seriously believe that wishing and hoping to constitute a plan .
If Bush does have to fold after Saturday , it will be a shame . For one thing , we 'll be deprived of all the odd , off-key , often mystifying things they say and does . Of all the candidates in both parties , only Trump offers better entertainment value .
Part of Bush 's problem is their difficulty in forming comprehensible sentences . This is , of course , a family trait . Years ago , when George Bush the Elder held a joint news conference with the president of Uruguay , the South American leader promised to “ answer any questions in my broken English , which is , of course , our common language. ” George Bush the Younger once said that one job of the president was to “ keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in , to kind of catapult the propaganda . ”
Jeb Bush 's verbal misadventures are not quite so wild and weird . Often , they just does n't know when to stop . They once defended Right to Rise 's tough attack ads by saying , “ My mission is to go to as many town halls as I can , to show my heart , to show my spine , to show my mind , to simplify it down. ” It sounded as if they were channeling the ghostly thoughts of a medical school cadaver .
In New Hampshire , after they told an audience that they would not be “ blow-hardin ' , talkin ' a big game without backing it up , ” the audience did not react to an applause line about creating a more peaceful world . “ Please clap , ” they said .
And this week , apropos of nothing , they tweeted a picture of their handgun .
I have friends who know Bush well and worked with them when they were governor of Florida , and they tell me they have a first-rate mind . But they acknowledge that their campaign has been a disaster , and they ca n't imagine , at this point , how they turn it around .
It may be that the whole enterprise was doomed from the beginning . In a year when voters are obviously looking for new blood and new ideas , Bush embodies the Republican establishment — and nothing they say can change that fact . Hillary Clinton , of course , has their own same-old , same-old handicap to overcome . When they announced their candidacies , I wondered which dynastic surname would prove more toxic . I think we may now have the answer .
Bush increasingly looks annoyed , exasperated and flustered . They often give the impression that they would rather be anywhere else than slogging to the next rally or debate . The people of South Carolina may decide to put them out of their misery .
Eugene Robinson 's email address is eugenerobinson @ washpost.com .
Exciting news for players on Minecraft : Console Editions ! Today we 're rolling out the biggest update ever and with it comes some of the most highly anticipated Minecraft features – a long list of new potions , blocks , mobs and biomes .
From the Redwood forests of Mega-Taiga to the vastness of the Deep Ocean , you 'll get to build , play and explore new biomes that offer a great canvas for your creations . The update also brings new blocks like Granite , Red Sandstone , Sea Lanterns , Slime and Packed Ice to consoles , as well as beautiful gardens of Blue Orchids , Sunflowers , Azure Bluets , Tulips , Lilacs , and other florid content .
If you 're more into embarking on fantastic adventures in your worlds , fear not – we have you covered . The update includes subaquatic Ocean Monuments where Elder Guardians await to test your courage . Rare materials and treasure chambers await those who dare enter .
Also , there are rabbits now . We ca n't forget the bunnies ! Watch out though – they 're hungry and will eat your crops .
Have n't played Minecraft on your favorite console yet ? There 's never a better time to start . We 've also introduced a brand new tutorial world showcasing some of the new content in this update to ease you into the endless gameplay possibilities in Minecraft .
The biggest free update of all time is out now on Xbox 360 , Xbox One and other console editions .
We hope you enjoy all the new content – happy exploring ( and mining ) !
How Patterns , Systems & Design Will Drive Education Futures
May 11 , 2016
The human being 's capacity for pattern recognition is extraordinary . Through observation of the patterns found in nature , we have come to understand much about our place in the universe and its interworking . Yet our systems of education and learning are largely organized into separated disciplines taught in states of isolation . We have lost much of our sense for what it is that connects and integrates these various fields of human interest — the universal patterns and the forces that shape them .
A powerful insight into these fundamental forces comes from cymatics — the study of the effect of sound on matter . “ Sound ” in this sense meaning vibrational frequencies , some of which are audible to the human ear and some of which are not .
“ If you want to find the secrets of the universe , think in terms of energy , frequency and vibration. ” — Nikola Tesla
A common and easily repeatable cymatic experiment is done by sprinkling sand onto a metal plate , which is then vibrated at distinct frequencies . With the vibration the sand self-organizes into intricate patterns , changing in fluid motion with the applied frequency .
[ images style= ” 2″ image= ” http % 3A % 2F % 2Fwiredroots.org % 2Fwp-content % 2Fuploads % 2F2015 % 2F03 % 2Fcymatics.jpg ” width= ” 400″ align= ” center ” top_margin= ” 0″ full_width= ” Y ” ]
More recently a device called a cymascope has been developed that does the same with water droplets , recording the beautiful and dynamic imagery .
[ video_player type= ” youtube ” width= ” 560″ height= ” 315″ align= ” center ” margin_top= ” 0″ margin_bottom= ” 20″ ] aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cueW91dHViZS5jb20vd2F0Y2g/dj05YWwzOTdONlR6cw== [ /video_player ]
What 's perhaps even more interesting is that the patterns found in these experiments are also found throughout the natural universe — from the geometric structures formed by the relationships between stars to those between molecular elements and atomic particles . They are found in coastlines and mountain ranges , plants , animals , and the human body . It shows us how energy flows and is organized in the universe .
Educated in the public school system in the United States , I do n't recall being introduced to anything resembling this fascinating subject at any point in the ( estimated ) 14,580 hours I spent in the classroom .
The truth is , I feel cheated .
This should be a fundamental part of our education . Not only is it key to understanding ourselves and our dynamic relationships within the nested systems of which are an inseparable part , but it provides pathways to practical action . Many ( if not all ) of our problems relate to the fact that we have created systems that do not fit with natural patterns and energy flows . Rather they work against them , creating waste and degradation .
We must learn how to discover these patterns and then transform systems to harness their innate ability to create beauty and abundance .
A good place to start is by developing our capacity for systems thinking . A system is a group of elements that form interdependent relationships that produce a collective function . That could be anything from an atom ( protons , electrons , neutrons ) to a chair ( wood , screws , glue , fabric ) to a forest ( plants , animals , fungi , bacteria , nutrients , etc . ) to an entire planet , solar system , galaxy , and beyond .
Each system is both made up of of smaller systems and being an integral part of larger systems . Take a human being for example . We are made up of atoms which make up molecules which make up bacteria , nutrients , blood , water , skin , bones , organs , etc . Each of these is a system in itself as well as a subsystem of the human body , which is also a system in itself . The human body is then part of familial , organizational , communal , societal , ecological , bioregional , and planetary systems .
Ok , lots of systems . There are a couple of important points : none exist in isolation ( they all trade elements and interact with bordering systems ) and they are all patterns . They have geometric structures that shift and transform with interactions and adaptations . These geometries , as we know from cymatics , self-organize — guided by vibrational frequencies .
We also know that each atomic element found in the universe vibrates at a specific frequency . When these atoms organize into systems , the frequencies combine to form what is known as a resonant frequency . Everything — and everyone — has one . Through resonant frequency each component is participating in the self-organization of the systems to which it is connected ( which is all systems ) . The ripple effect is universal .
Getting back to practical applications . The second focal point for education futures is in design thinking . Through observation of patterns/systems , we can begin to identify where we want to take action to manipulate existing structures for a desired outcome . As patterns/systems are based on relationships , so too are the interventions that we choose to make .
For example , let 's say that an opportunity has been identified in a local community where there is a degraded riparian ecosystem . A group of students will design and develop a project to regenerate the system . To do so they must first survey and analyze the problem — what has caused it ? What is its current state ? What is the pattern that is trying to naturally emerge and what is preventing it from doing so ? This might include talking to local people , researching riparian ecology , local plants and wildlife etc .
They will then design an intervention to transform the pattern . This would include identifying , finding and allocating resources , cultivating stakeholders , forming organizational processes and assigning tasks , and developing a plan for implementation and continued maintenance . Finally they would implement their plan .
Clearly such a project would amount to a very rich learning experience , integrating many relevant real-world skills . It would also be a useful and rewarding venture both for the student and the community .
Perhaps more importantly , this type of education focuses on building and nurturing mutually beneficial relationships — amongst learners , between learners and members of local communities , between learners and the places they live , etc . Systems thinking promotes the awareness of these relationships , while design thinking promotes the intentional development of mutual benefit .
A shift toward this type of project-based learning , supported by integrative instruction in pattern recognition , systems and design , may be essential for our adaptation and survival as a species . With current trends towards increased standardization and debt-producing learning pathways , it is a challenge that will require bold action and community-level support .
Institutions like Gaia University are leading the way in higher education . What are some other initiatives pushing for a more system- and design-based approach to learning that you 've come across ? Share in the comments below .
Friday 27th & Saturday 28th September 2019′Two-Day non-stop Festival
Get Booking Early ! Do n't miss out on all the fun… ‘ The Outing Festival ‘ World Famous LGBT+ Music , Arts & Matchmaking Festival ' “ Love For Music ” Two-Day non-stop FestivalGet Booking Early ! Do n't miss out on all the fun… Tickets on Sale Now
The Outing Festival team would like to welcome you to their brand-new venue at The Inn at Dromoland and invite you to experience the surroundings of the Dromoland Castle Estate .
Combining high levels of service , sumptuous dining and rooms and facilities , they look forward to ensuring you have a relaxing and enjoyable stay . The Outing Festival & hotel is situated on 450 acres of wooded countryside , offering endless walks and activities to suit every guest and experience everything the weekend has to offer !
The festival is hosted by Ring Master of Love Paul Ryder & Gay Matchmaker Eddie McGuinness .
“ An LGBT+ Weekend like no other ! ” The Outing Festival is a fusion of music , comedy , ceilí bands , and the best of Ireland 's and International performers , drag artists and DJs .
The world 's Only LGBT Music , Arts & Matchmaking Festival .
They will receive at least $ 21 million in cash and stock , fly free for the rest of their life and keep their company car . Then there is the parking . They can park free in downtown Chicago and at airports in Houston and Chicago — for the rest of their life .
“ The way that CEO employment agreements are written , you really have to commit a felony before they can fire you and not pay you anything , ” said Paul Hodgson , a partner at BHJ Partners , a compensation research firm . “ Just being bad at your job or immoral or unethical or whatever is not enough usually . ”
The resignation of United Airlines CEO Jeff Smisek is all kinds of juicy . There 's corruption—United established a money-losing route to curry favor with the then-chair of the Port Authority by getting them more conveniently to their vacation home . There 's political intrigue—said then-chair of the Port Authority was Gov . Chris Christie 's appointee , and one of the few people Christie refused to throw under the bus during Bridgegate . And there 's plain old bloated CEO pay and raging economic inequality , because check out Smisek 's severance package : Resigning because of a federal investigation into what sure looks like blatant corruption , and he 's getting $ 21 million , free flights for life , and more . Somehow I do n't think a rank and file United employee would get that kind of consideration for far smaller offenses . It 's not unusual , though . CEO severance is a great example of the accountability gap—gulf , really—between those at the top and the rest of us . As in , we 're held accountable and they 're not.Let 's just repeat that . `` Just being bad at your job or immoral or unethical or whatever is not enough usually '' to have your tens of millions of dollars in severance ( and possibly your free flights and company car and free parking ) taken away from you . If you 're a CEO .
Attention New York City ! The Longboard Loft and Uncle Funky 's have teamed up to bring you a fun event and its happening TOMORROW ( sorry we didnt tell you sooner , we forgot ) . The event will start at 12 NOON at Columbus Circle . If you 're late , word on the streets is that they will skate around the park ( you should be able to spot a huge group of skaters ) and end up first at the band shell in Central Park . From there they plan to skate down 5th Ave and hand/skate in Washington Square Park ( is that allowed ? Coolhands says yeah ) . After that they 're not sure where they 'll go but it will likely involve stops at Uncle Funky 's and the Longboard Loft stores .
Spring is here and the New York push scene is back ! We 'll be there and we hope to see you tomorrow !
( FYI the original date for the event was April 18th , but it was rescheduled to the 25th . )
WASHINGTON -- The United States on February 3 imposed new sanctions against Iran , a move that comes days after Tehran conducted a ballistic-missile test and amid an escalating war of words between the two governments .
The U.S. Treasury Department on February 2 added 13 individuals and 12 entities with ties to Iran to its sanctions list , targeting Iranians and at least one Chinese national .
Shortly after the announcement , U.S. national security adviser Michael Flynn signaled a new , more confrontational U.S. policy toward Iran , saying the `` international community has been too tolerant of Iran 's bad behavior . ''
`` The days of turning a blind eye to Iran 's hostile and belligerent actions toward the United States and the world community are over , '' they said in a statement .
Iran 's Foreign Ministry issued a statement the same day denouncing the new sanctions as `` not compatible '' with U.S. international commitments .
The statement added that Iran `` will impose legal restrictions on some American individuals and entities that were involved in helping and founding regional terrorist groups '' in response .
Iran 's ILNA news agency quoted Rasoul Dinarvand , head of Iran 's Food and Drug Administration , as saying the new provisions that expand the list of restricted medical equipment are `` inhumane . ''
A U.S. Treasury Department press release said the sanctions target individuals and entities `` involved in procuring technology and/or materials to support Iran 's ballistic-missile program ” or `` acting for or on behalf of , or providing support to , Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps-Qods Force ( IRGC-QF ) . ''
The newly sanctioned entities and companies are based in Lebanon , China , and the United Arab Emirates .
Treasury Department official John Smith was quoted as saying Iran 's `` continued support for terrorism and development of its ballistic-missile program poses a threat to the region , to our partners worldwide , and to the United States . ''
At a White House press briefing , spokesperson Sean Spicer said that the sanctions have been in preparation since before U.S. President Donald Trump took office , but that the timing `` was clearly in reaction to what we 've seen over the last couple days . ''
'Strategic Review '
A senior U.S. administration official told reporters that under Trump , Washington has been conducting a `` larger strategic review '' of its approach to Iran and that the new sanctions were just `` initial steps '' in a more confrontational policy .
“ We have consistently said that we will continue to counter Iran 's support for terrorism , destabilizing activities in the region , human-rights abuses , and its ballistic-missile program , including through sanctions where appropriate , ” the official said .
The official stressed , however , that the United States abides by its commitments made under a deal between Tehran and major international powers that restricted Iran 's nuclear program in exchange for some sanctions relief .
A second senior U.S. administration official told reporters that the sanctioned individuals and entities have `` touch points to the United States '' that would be affected by the punitive measures .
`` For example , they procure U.S.-origin goods , or they may have transactions that hit the U.S. financial system . And that would be blocked by this action , '' the second official said .
The move followed stern warnings by the White House earlier this week that Tehran was being `` put on notice '' over the missile test and other activities .
Iran 's Defense Minister General Hossein Dehghan on February 1 confirmed that Tehran had conducted a test , but did not say when it occurred or what kind of missile it was .
U.S. officials , however , were quoted as saying it was a medium-range ballistic missile and the test on January 29 ended with a failed re-entry into the atmosphere .
'Playing With Fire '
The standoff escalated just hours before the new sanctions were made public , when U.S. President Donald Trump warned in a tweet that Iran is `` playing with fire . ''
Trump , who has previously vowed to tear up or renegotiate the deal between Iran and major world powers restricting Tehran 's nuclear activities in exchange for an easing of sanctions , also tweeted on February 3 that Iran did n't appreciate how `` kind '' Washington had been .
U.S. Representative Ed Royce , chairperson of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , lauded the Trump administration for `` taking long-overdue steps to hold the regime accountable . ''
`` Iran 's dangerous and provocative acts are a direct threat to the United States and our allies , '' the California Republican said in a statement .
Their Democratic counterpart on the committee , Representative Eliot Engel of New York , also welcomed the new sanctions , saying Washington must continue `` to confront Iran 's malign activities . ''
In Moscow , Leonid Slutsky , chairperson of the International Relations Committee of the Russian State Duma , warned that the new U.S. sanctions `` may in the long run be a counterproductive step '' that could undermine the Iran nuclear deal .
Earlier on February 3 , Iran 's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif downplayed the U.S. `` threats '' and said Tehran would never initiate war .
`` Iran [ is ] unmoved by threats as we derive security from our people . Will never initiate war , but we can only rely on our own means of defense , '' Zarif wrote on Twitter .
Trump campaigned on promises to take a much tougher stance on Iran than their predecessor , Barack Obama , in response to Iranian actions such as threats against Israel and involvement in the conflicts in Syria and Yemen .
The first senior administration official told reporters that Washington `` will work positively with Iran when [ Tehran ] abides by its international commitments , while underscoring our commitment to aggressively counter Iran 's destabilizing activities , including its support for terrorist and militants groups . ''
The official declined to comment on the U.S. administration 's communications with Iran since Trump took office on January 20 .
With reporting by RFE/RL 's Carl Schreck and Mike Eckel , Reuters , AP , and AFP
At CES 2014 in Las Vegas , HP introduced a large selection of laptops and desktops aimed at business users . The announcements ranged the gamut from budget devices all the way up to the highest performance all-in-one desktop workstation .
One of the most interesting announcements is the HP Pro x2 410 , which is an affordable detachable hybrid tablet that 's a part-time laptop and a part-time slate tablet .
The HP Pro x2 410 is built around an 11.6in 1,366 x 768-resolution touch screen . It 's ultrabook-powered , with an Intel Core i3 or i5 processor , 4GB of system memory , and a 64-256GB SSD for storage . Like other HP x2 products , the HP Pro x2 410 has a detachable keyboard dock , which adds functionality . In this case , the keyboard dock adds an additional 21WHr battery , USB 2.0 , USB 3.0 , and HDMI to the slate tablet portion of the system . Together , the system weighs about 1.5kg , but the slate tablet alone is less than 0.9kg . The HP Pro x2 410 is available now .
The HP 350 G1 is a low-priced , SMB-oriented laptop with some of the features that you 'd expect in an enterprise-class laptop . There 's the optional fingerprint reader and standard spill-resistant keyboard , as well as ports like Ethernet , HDMI , VGA , and an optional built-in DVD drive . The HP 350 G1 is built around the fourth-generation Intel Core processors , from Celeron up to Core i7 . It can be equipped with up to 16GB of RAM , up to 1TB HDD , Intel HD Graphics or AMD HD8670M discrete graphics , and a 15.6in 1,366 x 768-resolution display . The only downside is that the 2.2kg notebook , available now , does n't have a touch screen .
The HP ProOne 400 all-in-one G1 desktop PC is available in two models : The 21.5in version has a five-point optical touch screen with a full HD 1,920 x 1,080 resolution . The 19.5in version has an anti-glare 1,600 x 900 resolution screen without touch . Both can be equipped with fourth-generation Intel Core processors from Pentium up to Core i7 , up to 16GB of memory , and hard drive storage up to 1TB . The 21.5in model has options for up to 1TB SSHD , 2TB HDD , or a 256 or 512GB self-encryting drive option . Both systems can be equipped with an optical drive including Blu-ray . Both can also be preconfigured with Windows 7 or 8.1 .
The HP 205 is an affordable SMB-oriented all-in-one desktop PC built around an 18.5in 1,366 x 768-resolution display . The HP 205 is meant to be a basic Windows 8.1 PC , powered by an AMD dual-core E1-2500 processor , up to 8GB of RAM , up to 2TB hard drive , and integrated AMD Radeon HD 8240 graphics .
Another affordable choice is one of the more intriguing ones : The HP Slate 21 Pro is HP 's foray into Android on a business desktop . The HP Slate 21 Pro is built into a 21.5in full HD IPS touch screen , and features an Nvidia Tegra 4 processor running Google Android 4.3 Jelly Bean . The system comes with 2GB of RAM , 16GB of SSD storage , a wired keyboard and mouse , and 50GB of Box Cloud storage .
The HP Slate 21 Pro is meant to be connected , with pre-installed Citrix support , including Citrix XenMobile and Citrix Receiver for Windows app server support . The HP Slate 21 Pro has IT-friendly security management , and other features like Kingsoft Office Suite . The HP Slate 21 Pro has a HDMI-in port , so you can use it as a monitor for visiting workers . The HP Slate 21 Pro even features USB upstream for touch support , so you can use the system as a touch-enabled monitor for a Windows desktop or laptop .
Last , but certainly not least , HP has updated its all-in-one workstation with the introduction of the HP Z1 G2 . The HP Z1 G2 builds upon the previous HP Z1 with availability of a 10-point touch screen and Thunderbolt 2 ports ( both as options ) . The HP Z1 G2 continues on as a 27in all-in-one with tool-less internal expansion access , which makes it easier to service than sealed all-in-one systems . The HP Z1 G2 can be equipped with Intel processors from Core i3 up to quad-core Xeon E3 processors . Integrated Intel HD graphics or various levels of Nvidia Quadro ( K610M-K3100M ) discrete graphics are available . The HP Z1 G2 can also accommodate various internal optical drives , up to a Blu-ray writer . The HP Z1 G2 is expected in Late January .
`` This album is the result of three sweltering days of recording in my downtown apartment in Macon , Georgia . The air conditioner was far too loud , the ceiling fans created too much air movement , and the street noise was too great with my windows open . So with temperatures nearing triple digits , we turned off the fans and A/C , closed the windows , huddled around two microphones and began to play . Over three different sessions Zach , Chris and I recorded the bulk of the album . I then added harmony vocals , banjo , harmonica , and lap steel guitar to most tracks over the following weeks . Some recordings , like `` Be With Him '' , remain true to the original live take . The lyrics of `` Up On Blocks '' and `` Punkin Brown '' are written by Andy Frazier . Andy also contributed lyrics to `` Macon Town . '' The Cotton Avenue Hustlers is Zachary Gruman , Christian Wimberly , and Sterling Waite . We formed in the spring of 2011 and perform originals and covers in Macon , Savannah and Atlanta . '' - Sterling
Cramer is PROUD of their stock manipulation . That video is astonishing .
This same Jim Cramer rallied Bear Stearns on television , told folks to hold onto that stock and it tanked to 2 bucks a share . They also are the one with their shock and awe on those now `` worthless '' internet stocks , telling folks to hold onto to the stock that is now toilet paper . Just amazing that this joke is still running around here , giving financial advice .
This from Huffington Post .
Here are some gems :
-On manipulating the market : `` A lot of times when I was short at my hedge fund , and I was positioned short , meaning I needed it down , I would create a level of activity before hand that could drive the futures , ''
-On falsely creating the impression a stock is down ( what they call `` fomenting '' ) : `` You ca n't foment . That 's a violation ... But you do it anyway because the SEC does n't understand it . '' They add , `` When you have six days and your company may be in doubt because you are down , I think it is really important to foment . ''
-On the truth : `` What 's important when you are in that hedge fund mode is to not be doing anything that is remotely truthful , because the truth is so against your view - it is important to create a new truth to develop a fiction , '' Cramer advises . `` You ca n't take any chances . ''
Since they are in a pissing contest with Jon Stewart and dragged the morning joke , Joe Scarborough in this , they need to sit down and shut up , but more importantly they are totally discredited . Who is listening to this guy ? I sure would n't if I lost my money listening to them about holding onto Bear Stearns stock.And of course , Cramer on video blabbing away , all the above :
Service aims to help Google-owned video streaming company compete for live gaming audience after it failed to buy market leader
YouTube has launched a dedicated service for gamers , YouTube Gaming , in an attempt to compete with Twitch , the live streaming company it tried to buy last year .
The move sees Google , which owns YouTube , going head to head with rival tech giant Amazon , which bought Twitch for almost $ 1bn , as the companies fight for dominance of the fast-growing games streaming market .
YouTube Gaming will be available as a website globally and will also have iOS and Android apps in the US and UK . Announced in June , the new portal includes a directory of more than 25,000 games each with their own profile page collecting related YouTube videos .
YouTube Gaming makes games the third entertainment category to get special attention from Google 's online video service , following music and children 's videos . Music-streaming service YouTube Music Key remains in beta testing , while the YouTube Kids app launched in the US in February 2015 .
Ryan Wyatt , YouTube 's head of gaming , said : “ Gaming is so big now . We 're doing billions of hours of watch-time a month , with hundreds of millions of users . It 's astonishing . ”
YouTube trains its sights on traditional TV : 'It 's a no-growth business ' Read more
Games are certainly popular on YouTube : the 10 most popular games channels on the service generate more than 2.2bn monthly video views between them , according to online-video analytics firm OpenSlate .
Gamers including Felix “ PewDiePie ” Kjellberg and Dan “ The Diamond Minecart ” Middleton are among YouTube 's biggest stars , with Kjellberg earning $ 7.4m in 2014 from their channel and related sponsorship deals .
Wyatt said they hope the addition of live broadcasting will spawn new games-focused show formats to sit alongside the “ Let 's Play ” walkthroughs with commentary that are already hugely popular on YouTube .
Professional gaming tournaments – eSports – and gaming talk-shows are two areas in which they expect growth . “ Maybe some YouTube creators who are n't currently streaming anywhere else will start , ” they said . “ You 'll start to see some of your favourite creators start to do live shows . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube Gaming 's website is available globally , with live streams prominent .
The “ anywhere else ” is mainly Twitch , which launched in 2011 as a spin-off from video-streaming service Justin.tv , and quickly became a popular way to watch live gaming streams online .
It was bought by Amazon for $ 970m in August 2014 , and more than doubled its monthly viewers from 45 million at the end of 2013 to 100 million by the end of 2014 – by which point it had 1.5 million broadcasters , with 10,000 of them earning money from advertising on their channels .
YouTube may be an online-video giant with a billion monthly viewers , including hundreds of millions watching gaming videos , but for live gaming streams it 's playing catchup to Twitch , which already has a number of prominent YouTube gamers on its service .
Two key challenges for YouTube Gaming will be hardware partnerships and moderation . Twitch is integrated into the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One games consoles to make it easier for players to broadcast , for example , as well as Sony 's Live Screen Streaming app for Android devices .
Zombies , creepers and kids all flock to Minecraft 's block party Read more
YouTube is making its own moves in mobile : it also works with the Sony app , and has a partnership with Samsung for broadcasting video from its Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge smartphones – albeit with a feed from their cameras rather than from games running on the devices .
“ We want to make live simple . We 'll definitely explore other opportunities to see how we can make live easier for people on consoles and phones , both for streaming and capturing content , ” said Wyatt , pointing to improvements in May to YouTube 's technology for live streams .
Moderation is already a controversial subject for YouTube , with PewDiePie famously switching off the comments on their channel in September 2014 , complaining that “ it 's mainly spam , it 's people self-advertising , it 's people trying to provoke ” .
Toxic commenting culture is a problem that goes beyond games on YouTube , and the company 's head of content and business operations Robert Kyncl told the Guardian in June that YouTube 's product group was “ working on a whole bunch of solutions that would make it more pleasurable ” engaging with comments .
Wyatt said that YouTube Gaming is grappling with the same challenge . “ We are focused on the comment system at YouTube as a whole . In the gaming portion , we rebuilt the live-streaming platform and and built out chat moderation , the ability to ban users , time-out users , ban filtered words and so forth , ” they said .
“ It 's important to maintain the integrity of chat while having a live stream , and indicate who the broadcaster is , who the moderators are and so on . It 's a good first step , but there 's a lot more we can do with chat in the future . ”
Better moderation tools will be welcomed by PewDiePie and their fellow creators , even if they sometimes ruffle the feathers of their more-opinionated viewers . Wyatt said that YouTube Gaming should send out a different , more positive message to gamers , however .
“ It acknowledges the focus on gaming as an important part of YouTube , and that sends a message out to a lot of different people . You ca n't ignore how big the hardcore gaming segment is : you 've got to build an experience for them , ” they said .
“ Gaming is unique , and some of the products we want to create are unique to gaming . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Diamond Minecart is the biggest games channel on YouTube .
Top 10 YouTube games channels ( by monthly views )
The Diamond Minecart
379m monthly views and 7.7m subscribers
PewDiePie
291m monthly views and 38.9m subscribers
Markiplier
252m monthly views and 9.1m subscribers
PopularMMOs
248m monthly views and 5.5m subscribers
Jack Septic Eye
248m monthly views and 6.2m subscribers
Vanoss Gaming
224m monthly views and 13.8m subscribers
Vegetta Gaymer
164m monthly views and 10.8m subscribers
Stampy
152m monthly views and 6.3m subscribers
FernanFloo
141m monthly views and 5.8m subscribers
Rezendeevil
124m monthly views and 3.4m subscribers
Source : OpenSlate
Intro – Revolution and Religion at Glastonbury
I 've now returned from the cultural fantasy land and endurance test that is Glastonbury . Back in the real world , and two days after the majority of festival goers have left worthy farm , I 'm now tasked with summarising the last days of experience at this most iconic of music festivals .
The first few days I had managed to cover from the scene but due to the packed timetables of Saturday and Sunday I decided to take a break writing and completely immerse myself in the proceedings . Over the course of those days I witnessed some of the most unique performances I 'd ever seen . I saw both Kanye West and Dalai Lama with a 12 hour timespan and as you can imagine , both were hugely memorable and yet had widely juxtaposed messages . The ego-fuelled spectacle of Kanye , which I and many other fans absolutely loved , was contrasted by the humility and compassion of Dalai Lama . The Buddhist leader , celebrating their 80th birthday , spoke to a crowd of twenty thousand or so about the need for better education , the importance of compassion and even of the inability of music to provide true contentment . The Dalai Lama instead told us they felt music was no different a sensorial experience to touch or taste , no different than the fleeting pleasure we get from eating a cake or having sex . They also encouraged people to believe that the next generation could create change . I thought delivering this kind of grounded message to a field full of pleasure seeking festival goers was sobering and appropriate .
Their Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama appeared again during Patti Smith 's awe inspiring set on Sunday , possibly the best set of the weekend , and bestowed upon Smith a white scarf that must have had some significance . We all sang Happy Birthday to Their Holiness and a cake was brought out to them which they cut . They looked as if they were disappointed to have not eaten a piece as the cake was wheeled away from him . The rest of Smith 's set was a full blown punk riot , with Patti ripping through an extended version of Horses and Gloria , tripping over on stage in their fury , and recovering by telling the crowd “ I am a fucking animal ! ” Smith 's dialogue between songs was in line with sentiment shared by Pussy Riot and the Dalai Lama – one of freedom , from government and corporations and that change IS possible . In spite of what others tell us . This rebellious sentiment did n't feel contrived , it felt inspiring . Maybe we were only at a hedonistic music festival , but I can only dream that some of this revolutionary talk will help open the perspectives of some on the audience and watching at home .
From Pussy Riot holding a militant hostage on top of a war vehicle in front of The Park stage , to Pharrell leading a packed Pyramid audience in a chant championing Freedom , there was a definite liberal and confrontational edge to the festival . Greenpeace and other charities were everywhere . Up in Green Fields , where the original hippy inhabitants of the festival set up camp – you could talk to charities , meet alternative folk , get vegan cooking lessons , do power-ballad yoga and get behind many causes aligned with the festivals green mentality . Everywhere there were signs about not peeing on the land to avoid pollution , taking your tents and rubbish with you and leaving the farm without a trace . It 's sometimes hard to believe that a regular Somerset farmer would let all this happens on this backyard , but it 's probably justified by all the good work the festival has achieved , both raising money and awareness for causes . It 's great that this extends to the artists ' performances , that traditionally rebellious acts like Pussy Riot or Patti Smith champion their own causes , but also mainstream , seemingly corporate acts like Pharrell . Of course , some of this is done for the TV , and when Pharrell looked humbled by the mass singalong of their song Freedom , that was probably just as much due to the intoxication of the audience , and the British lad culture that encourages sing-along chanting , as it was to the crowds reception to the idea of freedom for our brothers of all colours and creeds .
Saturday and Kanye West
At odds with the liberal politics elsewhere , my Saturday was largely taken up with anticipation for Kanye 's set that night . I first took in some of the opportunities Glastonbury holds for the slightly-skilled like myself and headed to Stonebridge Bar in the The Park for Hip Hop Karaoke . Having learnt the whole of Through The Wire by Kanye West , I felt this was the opportunity to give it a go , and to appear in front of an audience at Glastobury . I managed to tick this one off the bucket list , and although I may have gone a bit too hard on the swearing and shouting , the experience seemed a success . Video proof to come .
It was then off to the main stage to camp up for Kanye 's headlining set . Before Kanye , in my attempts to get front row and centre , I enjoyed a set from Burt Bacharach , who turns out has written a lot more classic songs than I realised . Rain Drops Keep Fallin ' On My Head seemed perfect for the weekends weather ( although it had cleared up at that stage ) . Paloma Faith followed and was sexy , had a lot of sasses and some well-rehearsed dance moves . Then it was time for West . You may ask what all the fuss is about and why someone would be excited to see the man live . I 've been a fan of their music for a few years now , notably since the release of My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy . He 's now a Marmite kind of brand , you either love them or hate him , and event though their ego does overshadow the music , he 's got a heck of a lot of good songs and I felt it was going to be a memorable show .
In the eyes of this fan , they delivered . In the eyes of many others , they probably did n't . I had expected the pancake lighting rig , having seen it hanging at the top of the pyramid stage earlier . I had also expected them not to bring a typical Glastonbury people-pleasing set , as this is not in their tool-set . I was correct , but they did bring their hits , and from where I was right at the front – surrounded by fellow Kanye super-fans – we had no complaints . Things did get a little unfocused in the middle , mistakes were made during Hold My Liquor by Kanye and guest Justin Vernon , and the guest appearances from Macca and Rihanna for Four Five Seconds never emerged . Kanye attempted that one by himself , which no-doubt was slightly disappointing . But for this fan – no complaints . They dropped rarities like I Wonder , attempted a hilarious karaoke version of Bohemian Rhapsody , and emerged from a crane for Touch The Sky – mimicking their triumphant Coachella set of 2011 . It may have been self-indulgent , it probably was n't in the spirit of Glastonbury , and it was n't the highlight of the weekend . But it was good enough for this fan .
Sunday
Beginning with the relatively secret Dalai Lama 's appearance in the early hours up by the Stone Circle , Sunday had a decidedly more sober vibe compared to Saturday . In terms of substances as well as sounds . The Dalai Lama 's appearance and speech was most probably the highlight of the weekend for me , and well worth getting out of the tent early for . Sunday lunch-time I walked past the dance area on the way back to my tent and caught Minneapolis rap crew and record label Doomtree , who through down a huge hip hop party , leaving the stage altogether and performing in a circle in between their fans . I attempted to learn some lyrics to not look like the most clueless guy in the audience .
Patti Smith then owned the afternoon , and following that , exhaustion set in . My feet now dying from wearing gumboots and trudging miles across Worthy Farm for days on end , I was forced to leave Alt J 's mainstage set ( which I was n't a huge fan of regardless ) to head back to the campsite to return my so much more comfortable Chuck Taylor 's to my feet . On the way , I got distracted by Belle and Sebastian playing a much better set than the one they delivered at Auckland 's Laneway earlier in the year . I came right in time for I 'm A Cuckoo and Another Sunny Day , but left early to complete the shoe mission . Comfortable footwear now acquired , I headed back to the Other Stage to watch a joyous performance of The Boy With The Arab Strap , complete with a pile of stage invading kids .
Sunday was the biggest test of endurance of the weekend . I had managed to sleep throughout the festival , but at this stage fatigue really had set in . I wandered up to The Park and watched a few songs of The Fall , Mark E. Smith delivering the punk grooves to a devoted audience . Unwilling to drink any more cider or consume the last of my Jagermeister , I carried a bottle around and wandered some more , finding a place to nap at the back of FKA Twigs . They sounded good , but I felt it was time to take my place for the headliners . I needed no more entertainment by the time The Who got on stage , so my excitement levels were not high . To my suprise , it was a very entertaining set , peaking with a Tommy medley towards the end . Roger Daltrey and Pete Townsend appear more youthful than expected and still had some anger left in them , destroying the glass wall that encased drummer Zakk Starsky , due to it causing sound problems . Album tracks such as Bargain were well received , as were the massive hits of course . Patti Smith 's version of My Generation from earlier possibly topped The Who 's latter version however .
My enthusiasm and energy now returned , I sprinted to The Chemical Brothers , to make it in time for their last song , Block Rocking Beats with some of Do It Again thrown in . The light show seemed incredible and I immediately felt at home . I could n't help but think that was headlining set I should have been at . Never-the-less , this is the challenge you are faced with at a festival the scale of Glastonbury , and if your problems are whether or not to see The Who or The Chemical Brothers – they do n't really seem like problems at all .
Summary
Glastonbury is a festival of opposites , partly a great fundraiser for charities and causes and partly a hedonistic , waste producing machine , where millions of pounds are exchanged throughout and millions of pints and bacon buns are consumed . A place for families to watch their favourite bands and have a break in the British country side and a place for teens and lads to drop pills and party in the rave areas until the early hours and beyond . My experience encompassed several of these opposites , with my time divided between relaxing , taking in the ideas and messages being transmitted and at the same time partying hard in my wellies until trench foot set in and I was forced to head back to camp .
I will probably go again , but to be honest once was probably enough . It 's quite an adventure and there is almost too much culture to consume . Within all the hedonism , excess and massive crowds , there 's a good message , one in opposition to the corporate conformity of everyday life to be consumed as well .
Advertisements
MOVE TO TULUM , MAJOR MAYAN CALENDAR EVENT
Mayan Holidaze by Dave Vann
Cloud 9 Adventures today announced the event details of the 6th year of , with this year 's event happening in Tulum , Mexico . For 2012 , Mayan Holidaze holds special significance – with the move to Tulum coinciding with the height of a very mystic time in the Mayan Calendar . Guests can expect another all-inclusive musical adventure on the beautiful shores of Mexico 's Mayan Riviera but with a distinct twist – this time to include the all-inclusive luxury of staying on site at Dreams Tulum Resort & Spa , or staying offsite and purchasing from a limited number of 4-Day Passes providing all-inclusive access to the event while making one 's own accommodations , allowing people to experience the “ off-the-beaten-path ” Hotel Zone in Tulum .
Mayan Holidaze features host bands Umphrey 's McGee , The Disco Biscuits , and STS9 each performing two full shows plus a special set over the four nights from December 17-21 , 2012 with details to be announced later in the year , along with additional support acts and special guests . In honor of this special time in the Mayan Calendar , STS9 will be performing at midnight on December 21st to take us into the first cycle of the new Calendar .
The Dreams Tulum is located on the beaches of Tulum , approximately 75 minutes south of Cancun in the Mayan Riviera – and 5 minutes from the ancient ruins- Dreams Tulum is a first-class , all-inclusive resort that boasts spacious suites , an on-site spa , gourmet restaurants , beachfront palapas , and stunning ocean views .
Event details are as follows :
As a courtesy , Holidaze guests from past events will be eligible for an exclusive presale to be held on March 28 & 29 ; all remaining rooms will go on sale to the general public on March 30th at 12pm Eastern at http : //www.mayanholidaze.com .
Less than 400 rooms total at Dreams Tulum will be available for sale to the general public where the concerts take place . Pricing for the all-inclusive resort starts at $ 1149 per person for triple occupancy rooms , and $ 1299 for double occupancy rooms , with Oceanview rooms starting at $ 1599 per person . A limited number of rooms are available for families who wish to bring their children , with a complete Kid 's program offered by the resort . 4-Day Event Passes are $ 995 per person and include access to the concerts and the all-inclusive amenities at Dreams between the hours of 9am-4am .
A while back I wrote ( here and here ) about how I 'd bought some old Russian memory . It 's a single memory plane from a Saratov-2 ( Саратов-2 ) , a Soviet-era Russian clone of the PDP-8 built in the 1960s .
Well , I 've finally given it the home it deserves . I 've mounted the memory inside a deep frame and put a ribbon of LEDs around the inside of the frame .
My More Significant Other is dropping big hints about how nice it would look in the living room . But as I 've just refurbished the man cave , I think it 's going to stay with me for a while .
I 'm still astonished that this technology works – or worked . Setting bits in ferrite rings was slow but effective , especially as the memory would be retained after a power-down .
This thing measures about 15 x 15cm and held just 4,096 bits of data . There would have been another 11 of them ( at least ) in the machine because each of the computer 's 12-bit words was distributed across the planes . Whenever I get annoyed with a bit of modern technology , this will be around to remind me just how far we 've come and how lucky we are .
An MP in Israel has proposed a new law that would shield the prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , from any future criminal investigation while in office .
The law , proposed by the Likud MP David Amsalem , the Knesset 's interior committee chairperson , was greeted with an outcry from opposition MPs .
Last month the Israeli attorney general launched a preliminary inquiry into “ matters relating to Netanyahu ” , without saying what those matters were . The Israeli prime minister , who has previously faced scrutiny on their household spending , denies any wrongdoing .
Amsalem originally suggested that the law should only cover minor offences carrying a prison sentence up to six months , but later proposed that more serious crimes should also include .
“ I have asked my legal adviser to redraft the bill so that it will also apply to all offences falling under the rubric of public morality , including bribe-taking , ” Amsalem said .
“ For the past 30 years , there has n't been a single prime minister who was n't busy with investigations , ” Amsalem wrote on their Facebook page explaining their reasoning . “ The prime minister holds the most important job in Israel . They must make fateful decisions that impact the entire public ... [ and ] can not be preoccupied by investigations practically every day . ”
Amsalem added that the timing of their proposal was unconnected to current criminal allegations against Netanyahu .
“ The timing of the bill is irrelevant . In our country at any given moment a covert investigation is going on against a prime minister . I suggest that whoever raises this question , let me know when there is a window of time when there is no investigation happening and I will be happy to submit the bill then , so no one will try to find other motives or interests behind it . ”
The bill can not be considered until October when the Israeli parliament convenes . A Likud party spokesperson said it had not been coordinated with Netanyahu 's office .
Opposition MPs said no citizen should be above the law and pointed out that investigations into the Israeli prime minister required permission from the country 's attorney general in any case , a move designed to prevent tendentious inquiries .
You 've probably never met anyone quite like Courtney Nicholas . Then again , maybe you have .
Nicholas , who likes to be called Court , was named Jackson at birth and was raised as a boy . But at some point it became clear that designation did n't really fit .
`` I first realized I was not a male about a year and a half , two years ago , '' said Nicholas , an 18-year-old Corvallis , Oregon , resident .
For a while , Nicholas tried presenting as female , but that did n't feel right either .
Then , last June , Nicholas realized there was another option . In a first-in-the-nation ruling , a Multnomah County judge had just granted a petition by Portland resident Jamie Shupe to legally change sex to non-binary , meaning neither male nor female . A Polk County judge granted a similar request in November .
On March 8 , Nicholas became the third person in Oregon -- and the first in Benton County -- to be granted non-binary status .
For Nicholas , it was a moment of validation : `` Once I was sure that 's who I am , I wanted that to be legally me as well . ''
Friends and family have been accepting and supportive , Nicholas said , with the biggest challenge being deciding which pronouns to use ( Nicholas prefers they , them and their ) .
Tall and thin , with a bi-level hairstyle that is short on the sides and back but long on top , Nicholas says there are a number of terms that describe their gender identity .
`` You can call me non-binary , you can call me genderqueer , you can call me agender or transgender or androgynous , '' they said . `` I just do n't see gender as being a big part of my world , my personal identity . ''
What 's important , Nicholas said , is taking control of that identity .
`` The next step for me is going to be getting an updated birth certificate , and eventually a driver 's license and passport , '' Nicholas said . `` It 's going to make a big difference in being able to show my ID to someone and having it reflect myself . ''
GRAPPLING WITH GENDER
Questions of gender identity have been bubbling to the surface of social consciousness for a number of years now , and not just in the United States .
Since 2003 , Australians have had the option of indicating their gender on identity documents with an X rather than M or F. India , Pakistan , Nepal , New Zealand , Germany and Canada all grant some level of official recognition to non-binary or `` third gender '' individuals .
In 2014 , the social networking service Facebook gave users 51 gender options to choose from in identifying themselves , including bigender ( both male and female ) , cisgender ( someone who presents as having the gender identity they were assigned at birth ) , intersex ( having some biological characteristics of both male and female ) , neutrois ( someone who does not identify with any part of the binary gender system ) , transsexual ( someone who has undergone sex change surgery , hormone treatment or both ) and two spirit ( a Native American term describing a third gender ) .
And this spring , the Showtime television series `` Billions '' introduced Taylor Mason , a non-binary character played by non-binary actor Asia Kate Dillon .
The issue has also played out in the controversy over whether to allow transgender people to choose which public restroom to use . Lawmakers in a number of states have introduced legislation that would either allow transgender individuals to use the restroom they feel more comfortable with or require them to use public facilities that match the gender they were assigned at birth .
The President Barack Obama administration issued a set of guidelines that urged school districts to allow transgender restroom use , but they were withdrawn by President Donald Trump about a month after they took office in January .
NOTHING NEW
The idea that some people do n't conform to traditional gender roles is nothing new , said Lorena Reynolds , who represented Nicholas in Benton County Circuit Court .
`` It 's not that these folks did n't exist before , '' they said . `` They 've always been in our communities . They 've always been in our families . We just have n't allowed them legal recognition . ''
Oregon courts have been split over granting that recognition to non-binary individuals .
Section 33.460 of the Oregon Revised Statutes states that a court `` may order a legal change of sex . if the court determines that the individual has undergone surgical , hormonal or other treatment appropriate for that individual for the purpose of gender transition and that sexual reassignment has been completed . '' ORS 33.460 does not specifically allow a designation of non-binary , but it does n't prohibit such a designation either .
Late last year a judge in Jackson County Circuit Court refused to grant a non-binary gender petition , saying state law does n't allow it . But judges in Multnomah , Polk and now Benton County have chosen to interpret the law more broadly , to include an individual 's choice not to identify as being on one side or another of the standard binary gender divide .
With that precedent established , Reynolds thinks the state will see more such petitions , though she 's not expecting a huge number -- more of a wave than a flood . But they also think pioneers such as Shupe and Nicholas are helping to make things better for those who come after them .
`` Nonbinary folks and trans folks are at high risk for hate crimes , '' Reynolds said . `` Every time they show their ID and that gender marker does not reflect their presentation , they 're subject to harassment . As we move toward a third option , hopefully that will alleviate a lot of that concern . ''
WHY IT MATTERS
Advocates for the transgender community say the ability to obtain identity documents that reflect a person 's chosen gender is far more than a symbolic gesture .
A 2015 survey conducted by the National Center for Transgender Equality found numerous causes for concern . Among them :
-- 68 percent of respondents said none of their identity documents had the name or gender marker they preferred while just 11 percent said all of their IDs were accurate .
-- 32 percent of respondents said they had been verbally harassed , denied benefits or service , asked to leave or assaulted after showing an ID with a name or gender marker that did not match their gender presentation .
-- 54 percent of those who were out or perceived as transgender in grades K-12 reported being verbally harassed , 24 percent physically attacked and 13 percent physically assaulted at school .
-- 15 percent of respondents who had been employed in the past year said they had been harassed , physically attacked or sexually assaulted at work , while 27 percent said they had been fired , passed over for promotion or denied a job because of their gender identity .
`` Having a legal recognition of non-binary gender is something folks have wanted for a long time , '' said Arli Christian , the center 's state policy counsel .
For most non-binary people in this country , such recognition remains elusive . But that may be starting to change .
In addition to a handful of cases in Oregon , California 's court system has begun to grant non-binary designations , and lawmakers in that state are considering a bill that would specifically recognize non-binary as a gender .
In the wake of the Shupe case , Oregon DMV officials are evaluating procedures for changing gender markers on a driver 's license , and a measure moving through the Legislature -- House Bill 2673 -- would create an administrative procedure for changing gender designation on a birth certificate , meaning people would no longer have to persuade a judge to sign off on the request .
`` I think there 's been a creeping consciousness and public awareness around gender identity , and this has created opportunities for people to advocate for removing barriers , '' said Amy Herzfeld-Copple , co-executive director of Basic Rights Oregon .
`` It 's now just a matter of assessing the implications and figuring out implementation . ''
On the national front , a case in U.S. District Court in Colorado is challenging binary gender markers on federal identity documents . The judge in that case , Zzymm v. Kerry , ruled that the State Department has failed to show any rational basis for requiring passport applicants to identify themselves as either male or female .
Meanwhile , the National Center for Transgender Equality and other advocacy groups are working to modify or eliminate gender markers on everything from Social Security and Medicare cards to W-9 employment eligibility forms .
`` The first question should always be , 'Is it relevant ? Is it necessary to list gender markers on ID ? ' '' Christian said . `` If we have a non-binary individual , the most appropriate and most accurate gender marker to identify that individual is not going to be an M or an F . ''
NEXT ON THE DOCKET
While Court Nicholas may be Benton County 's first non-binary resident , they may not be the only one much longer .
Emory Colvin , a 32-year-old doctoral student in nuclear engineering at Oregon State University , filed papers last week in Circuit Court seeking non-binary recognition . Colvin , whose birth name was Emily , was brought up as a girl but did n't really identify as either male or female .
`` I never strongly felt one way or the other , '' Colvin said . `` I was just in this kind of weird middle ground I had no context for . ''
Short and compact with serious glasses and short strawberry-blond hair , Colvin said the `` lightbulb moment '' came when a friend introduced them to a web series that featured a non-binary character .
`` Everything from there started doing the snowball thing , '' Colvin said .
Colvin was recently scheduled to have a hysterectomy , primarily for medical reasons , and has started hormone replacement therapy with testosterone . Colvin is also pursuing chest reconstruction surgery but has no interest in full sex reassignment surgery .
`` That is being pursued as part of a gender transition but is not the driving thing behind it , '' Colvin said . `` It 's just me getting comfortable with where I am . ''
Petitioning for legal non-binary status , Colvin said , is just another step toward constructing a public persona that matches the way they see themselves .
`` I do n't feel like anything internal has changed , '' Colvin said . `` All it 's done is change a little bit of the outside to reflect who I 've always been . ''
CHANGING ATTITUDES
But if obtaining a legal designation of non-binary does n't change a person 's identity , why do it at all ?
For Nicholas , it 's as much about changing other people 's attitudes as it is about adding a third check box on an ID card .
`` People look at your name and your gender marker and they make assumptions , '' they said .
Sometimes those assumptions do n't matter , but sometimes they can have real consequences . As the National Center for Transgender Equality survey showed , it 's not uncommon for people to be assaulted for challenging traditional gender roles .
`` It 's a legitimate fear , '' Nicholas said . `` In all reality , it probably would not be me that it would happen to . But this year there have been several people , several trans women , who have been killed . ( And ) I do have a friend who was beaten up in the bathroom for being transgender . ''
Nicholas sees legal recognition for non-binary individuals as a step toward social acceptance for people who do n't conform to gender stereotypes .
`` First and foremost it 's about my personal identity , it 's about me , but the social and political aspects are part of the reason I wanted to do this , '' they said .
`` We 're taking steps backward in equality , '' Nicholas added . `` We have people in office who want to take queer people 's rights away . So to me it 's important to push back , to say , 'We 're not going to let this happen . ' ''
-- Bennett Hall
Google 's I/O developer conference will return this year on May 28 and May 29 in San Francisco . Google senior vice president Sundar Pichai announced the dates on Google+ and Twitter , pointing to the official Google I/O 2015 website .
The website says registration begins at 9 a.m. Pacific on March 17 and closes at 5 p.m. Pacific on March 19 . Like last year , Google will hand out invitations randomly after this period ends ; the company has handled demand issues in different ways in previous years , but apparently , it liked the system it used in 2014 . It also has n't announced pricing , but last year 's event went for $ 900 ( general admission ) and $ 300 ( academic admission ) .
In addition to the actual conference in San Francisco ( the official schedule has been posted , but individual events are not yet available ) , the company plans to stream the event online via I/O Live . Google will also hold “ I/O Extended ” events in other cities . They are described as follows :
I/O Extended events may include live streamed sessions , local developer demos , hackathons and more . These events are brought to you by our Google Developer Groups , Student Ambassadors , and local developers .
In fact , you can apply to host your own I/O Extended event . Follow the organizer guide and then submit your event .
Google I/O 2014 was June 25 and June 26 . Google used the conference to unveil Android L ( which later become Android 5.0 Lollipop ) , its Material Design mantra , Google Fit , Android One , Android TV , and other various improvements for its products and services .
It 's a tad early to say what will be coming this year , but bet on a new Android version is likely . Chrome and the larger family ( like the Chromecast ) will undoubtedly also play a major role .
Three months from now , we 'll be on the ground in San Francisco to cover Google 's biggest event of the year .
10-year-old dog up on vicious animal charges
Lafayette 's vicious animal law What the law says : Lafayette 's law outlaws vicious animals within city limits . It describes a vicious animal as one that attacks or bites without being provoked , approaches someone in a terrorizing way or has been trained as a fighting animal . Fines : Mandatory $ 500 fine first offense . A second offense carries a minimum $ 750 fine . Animal 's fate : It 's up to a municipal judge to decide whether the animal must be removed from the city or destroyed , or if it can stay with certain provisions .
LAFAYETTE -- Spork , a 10-year-old miniature Dachshund up on vicious animal charges in Lafayette for biting a veterinarian technician , has not only their owners fighting to save him , but also a Facebook fan club numbering in the thousands .
In August , Spork 's owners took them to Lafayette 's Jasper Animal Hospital to have a bad tooth extracted . Owner Kelly Walker said they were holding the 17-pound dog in their arms while the technician attached a hospital band , then took out scissors to cut off the excess .
The dog bit the technician in the face when they reached out to take Spork from Walker . Walker said their dog was simply scared -- so scared they defecated on their arm -- and in pain , not vicious .
`` He 's our family pet , our little baby , '' they said. `` I just feel like there 's a lot of injustice here all the way around . ''
They said what happens to Spork is entirely up to a judge 's discretion , making euthanization and a lifetime in a kennel both possibilities .
Another concern , they said , is people will be reluctant to seek medical care for their dogs , out of fear that they 'll end up in the same position . Vets and other Lafayette dog-related businesses also could lose customers , they said .
`` It 's just out of hand , '' they said .
Them family has spent about $ 6,000 so far fighting the ticket . A court hearing is set in April .
The technician , Allyson Stone , lost small pieces of their lips and was treated at Boulder Community Hospital and by a plastic surgeon .
Stone told police that Spork showed no signs they were going to bite , adding that they felt the attack was unprovoked , according to the police report .
They told police they wanted to press charges because they were concerned that Spork would bite their owner or someone else and they wanted to prevent another attack .
Jasper chief veterinarian and founder Donlad Dodge , in a written statement , said the hospital routinely notifies animal control in dog bite cases .
Spork
Dodge said that they supported Stone pressing charges because a record is needed when an animal causes serious injury to a person in case of future incidents .
`` Jasper Animal Hospital has not advocated for , or participated in any way , in subsequent decisions by the city of Lafayette to prosecute Spark 's guardians , '' they said in a statement . `` We remain very worried about everyone concerned -- the dog , their guardians and the injured technician . We consider this incident a tragedy , and we sincerely wish the best for everyone concerned , Spork in particular . ''
Jennifer Edwards , the lawyer representing the Walkers , said the charges should be dismissed .
`` The case should have never happened , '' they said . `` Bites are just an assumed risk of a veterinary technician . It 's the name of the game . ''
Colorado law excludes those who work with animals in veterinarian offices from pressing charges in animal bite cases . But Lafayette 's local laws , which take precedence , include a vicious animal law that does n't have a similar exclusion . Lafayette also does n't allow jury trials in vicious animal cases .
Thousands of people are rallying around Spork .
The `` Save Spork '' Facebook page has drawn more than 9,000 members , many urging people to boycott the Jasper Animal Hospital or the city itself and to send letters to city officials . Blog posts , mainly in support of Spork , also are proliferating .
In a statement , Lafayette City Administrator Gary Klaphake said city officials ca n't influence a court case .
`` We are confident that ( the judge ) will review all the facts of the case based upon the evidence presented in court , decide whether a violation occurred and take appropriate action only if there was a violation , '' Klaphake wrote .
They said the city 's vicious animal ordinance , which also allows dogs to be impounded in the most serious cases , does n't mandate euthanization `` other than in extreme circumstances as required by a judge . ''
The Lafayette City Council approved the vicious animal law in 2006 . The council steered clear of an all-out breed ban , instead taking a broader approach to dealing with aggressive animals .
Contact Camera Staff Writer Amy Bounds at 303-473-1341 or
boundsa @ dailycamera.com .
CSUN 's orange grove and pond will remain intact . Additionally , the Request for Qualifications ( RFQ ) states that the development can not adversely affect the stand of mature London plane trees along Nordhoff Street .
California State University , Northridge ( CSUN ) serves 50,000 students , faculty , staff and visitors every day . The university hosts many events that draw thousands of visitors to campus annually , including commencement ceremonies , athletic competitions , and world-class performances at the Younes and Soraya Nazarian Center for the Performing Arts . CSUN is pursuing development of a 150-room , on-campus hotel , with restaurant and conference space , that will meet the needs of the campus as well as the local community .
The absence of adequate hotel facilities near CSUN limits the university 's ability to support these many events and programs that connect the university with students and their families , alumni , and the academic and business communities . The nearest business-class hotels are over four miles from the CSUN campus , making it difficult to host conferences and visiting scholars ; provide convenient lodging for campus candidates , visiting family members and athletic teams ; and foster community partnerships . CSUN proposes construction of a branded , business-class hotel on campus , at Nordhoff Street and Matador Drive , to be undertaken by a private developer in partnership with CSUN . The California State University ( CSU ) Board of Trustees supports this public/private partnership project and granted concept approval in November 2015 .
To address the university 's growing need for hospitality services to support its mission , CSUN engaged PKF Consulting , specialists in hotel/hospitality research www.pkfc.com/en/pkfc for a market analysis to determine the viability of developing a hotel on the campus . PKF 's market analysis confirmed the demand for lodging and conference facilities for student- and faculty-related events and activities , as well as for the local community , commercial travelers , visiting tourists and business conferences .
An on-campus hotel would :
Serve students , alumni and family members visiting campus throughout the year , including prospective student visits and commencement ceremonies ;
Host academic symposiums and business conferences ;
House visiting scholars ;
Support the increased success of CSUN 's Younes and Soraya Nazarian Center for the Performing Arts and its 19 NCAA division I athletic teams ;
Provide additional revenue to the university ;
Provide a service to the surrounding community ;
Replace the aging Orange Grove Bistro/University Club with a facility that better connects CSUN to the community .
The development specifications will include specific quality standards and service levels for the project , and CSUN 's Facilities Planning office has prepared design guidelines to ensure compatibility with campus architecture .
The hotel development is expected to reduce peak-hour traffic impacts on the community and the university . Currently , campus visitors must stay off-site and travel to the campus . An on-campus hotel will mitigate those trips , as well as the associated demand for on-campus guest parking , since the hotel will have its own dedicated parking .
THIS WEBSITE WILL BE UPDATED AS NEW INFORMATION BECOMES AVAILABLE AND THE PROPOSED PROJECT MOVES FORWARD .
Announcement Welcome to my little haven for well-read polish lovers !
Gift with purchase through 7/9/17 – mini bottle with $ 20 purchase , full sized bottle with $ 50 purchase :
Feather Family – Sparkling Soft Pink holo
Inspired by The Long Way to a Small Angry Planet by Becky Chambers
Named by Alex Bacon-Leslie , LitLaq Marketing Director
When I was searching for the right name for this gift with purchase polish to adequately express the gratitude I have for the support and love given to me by my fans and customers as I come out of this long dark period of LitLaqlessness , Alex pointed me in the direction of The Long Way to a Small Angry Planet , a brilliantly fun sci-fi book by Becky Chambers . The book introduces a few interesting alien species , including Sissix , the reptilian feathered Aandrisk tech .
“ Okay , well , on their wall , there 's this big fancy frame with a mess of Aandrisk feathers hanging from it . Every Aandrisk 's got one , as far as I know . See , if you 're an Aandrisk and somebody really touches your life in some way , you give that person one of your feathers . And then you keep the feathers you get from others as a symbol of how many paths you 've crossed . Having a lot of feathers on your wall shows that you 've had an impact on a lot of people . That 's a pretty big priority for most Aandrisks . But they do n't give feathers out casually , not , like for helping you carry something or giving you a free drink or whatever . It 's got to be an experience that sticks with you , but it can totally be between strangers . ”
Thanks for being my feather family .
SHIPPING CODES !
75FREESHIP will give you free shipping on domestic orders of $ 75 and up
75INTERNATIONAL will give a $ 6 discount on shipping for international orders of $ 75- $ 149
150INTERNATIONAL will give free international shipping on orders of $ 150 and up .
Please like the Literary Lacquers Facebook page for updates on restocks and advance looks at upcoming collections !
http : //www.facebook.com/LiteraryLacquers
TWO Labour MPs are facing a backlash after they were announced as guest speakers at a festival in support of axing the monarchy .
Shadow business minister Chi Onwurah and new MP for Kensington , Emma Dent Coad , are both set to address supporters at the Republic convention this weekend .
PA : Press Association 4 The Republic wants to abolish the monarchy and replace the Queen with a democratically elected head of state
4 Ms Dent Coad is the new MP for Kensington
The group , who want to see the monarchy abolished and the Queen replaced with an elected , democratic head of state , will meet in Newcastle .
`` In place of the Queen we want someone chosen by the people , not running the government but representing the nation independently of our politicians , '' their website states .
Former Green party leader Natalie Bennett is also set to speak .
Newcastle MP Ms Onwurah is set to talk about democratic reform in post-Brexit Britain .
Ms Dent Coad , who has staunchly defended the residents of Kensington who were affected by the tragic Grenfell tower fire last month , will speak about the link between monarchy and inequality in Britain .
Last night Tory backbencher Andrew Bridgen said it showed how far the Labour party had shifted to the left under Jeremy Corbyn .
They told the Express : `` They are entitled to their views , but it is clear that a large proportion of the Labour Party including Jeremy Corbyn want this country to become a Republic and the Queen removed . ''
MOST READ IN POLITICS Exclusive CORB OUT Corbyn forced to apologise for hiding freebie NYC trip paid for by anti-nuke group RACISM ROW Labour MP hosts Commons event honouring activist suspended over anti-Semitism SPEEDY STAY Lying Labour MP FREED from jail after a month - and could now vote on Brexit ALL OUT Hundreds of Universal Credit workers vote to STRIKE Exclusive WHERE CREDIT 'S DUE 4m set for £3k Universal Credit boost - but others plunged into poverty FLYING TENSIONS PM risks rows by telling Egypt that flight ban to Sharm El Sheikh must stay RED SQUARE Trafalgar Square filled with Commie statues if Corbyn is PM , Alan Sugar blasts 'PERI PERI ' READY Breakaway Independent Group MPs enjoy Nando 's amid Labour Brexit crisis PM DD David Davis fires starting gun on race to replace May - insisting he 's best to be PM JEREMAIN OR JEXIT ? Is Jeremy Corbyn a remainer and what are their views on Brexit ?
They added : `` Perhaps they want Mr Corbyn installed in their place as a president and living in Buckingham Palace . They seem to want the country to be run like socialist Venezuela . Under their leadership , Labour does not like Britain . ''
The Labour leader has long been a critic of the monarchy , despite being sworn into the privy council as leader of the Opposition .
But during the general election they said that scrapping is been not in the party 's manifesto because : `` We 're not going to do it . ''
And Ms Onwurah was slammed for a `` bitter '' tweet they sent about Prince Philip when they announced they would retire from their Royal duties .
They blasted the fact that the Duke of Edinburgh was able to retire in comfort and security , unlike many others in Britain .
Alamy 4 Labour MP Chi Onwurah was attacked for speaking out against Prince Philip earlier this year
4 Prince Philip will be retiring from Royal duties this summer
The frontbencher tweeted : `` Congratulations to Prince Philip on retiring in financial security at time of their choosing from a job they enjoy # forthemanynotthefew # waspi ''
Top Tory Nadhim Zahawi immediately hit back : “ That is shameful and wrong . ”
And Ms Dent Coad set out a motion for Labour 's party conference in 2015 which called for taxpayers to stop funding the monarachy .
In a press release from Kensington Labour , it said : `` When many low-income families in the borough are struggling to pay their bills including tax , it is perverse to continue subsidising the extravagant lifestyle of those who are already financially secure and well housed – and who are exempted from paying tax themselves .
`` It is estimated that £334m a year could be saved by ceasing these payments .
Graham Smith , Republic 's CEO who will also be speaking at the convention , said yesterday : `` Talk of 'taking back control ' is hollow when power remains centralised and concentrated in Number 10 .
`` We need radical reform that shifts the balance of power between the government , parliament and voters . ''
`` Republic sees the abolition of the monarchy as key to creating a more robust democracy : a written constitution , fully elected parliament and proper limitations on power . ''
`` We 're delighted to have new Kensington MP Emma Dent Coad speaking alongside Chi Onwurah , Natalie Bennett and other great guests . ''
`` I 'm going to be making clear the central role the monarchy plays in Britain 's constitution - and why the monarchy needs to go . A genuinely democratic parliamentary system for Britain is long overdue . ''
CARSON , Calif. – A.J . DeLaGarza is back with the LA Galaxy , solving one of their chief needs heading into Sunday 's California Clasico and beginning their transition back to MLS 's grind following the death of their infant son .
The Galaxy reported Saturday morning that the sixth-year defender had returned to the team and would be available for Sunday afternoon 's clash against the San Jose Earthquakes at Buck Shaw Stadium ( 3 pm ET ; UniMas ) .
DeLaGarza missed the past four games , the first following the birth of their son , Luca , with a congenital heart condition and three more after the child passed away a week later after spending six days on life support at Children 's Hospital Los Angeles .
They and their wife , Megan , spent the past week in their native Maryland , burying Luca and grieving with their families .
Their return bolsters LA 's shorthanded backline , and he 's expected to step in at right back in place of Dan Gargan , who is serving a suspension for yellow-card accumulation .
Gargan was the only Galaxy outside back capable of playing 90 minutes in Wednesday 's 2-2 draw at Montreal , leading coach Bruce Arena to employ a three-man backline , with disastrous results , for the first half . Robbie Rogers , coming back from a minor hamstring injury , came on at left back at halftime and figures to start in Santa Clara .
James Riley , who has been on the bench the past two games but last played in late March , when they tore their left meniscus , also is available and said Friday that they thought they could play at least 45 minutes and probably more if needed .
Veteran left back Todd Dunivant is out until at least mid-October with a groin tear .
DeLaGarza 's plight elicited sympathy from all corners , and several teams honored Luca with a moment of silence or by donning black armbands . The Galaxy did so during last weekend 's 6-0 romp over Colorado .
Omar Gonzalez , who was DeLaGarza 's roommate at the University of Maryland and arrived in LA with them in 2009 , said he 'd texted with their friend before the game against the Rapids to ask whether they could do something for Luca . DeLaGarza told him , they said , to “ just get a shutout , play hard for Luca – that will mean the most . ”
“ Tonight was about something bigger than all of us , playing for their family , and it 's just great that there 's so much love here , ” Gonzalez said after the game . “ I 'm happy that we could get this win for them tonight . ”
The DeLaGarzas learned in April that Luca suffered from Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome , a rare condition in which the left side of the heart is underdeveloped . Luca underwent surgery as soon as they were born , but they worsened the following day and was placed on life support . They were weaned from it the day before the Colorado game , to prepare for another surgery , but did n't survive .
“ We play a sport for a living that we tend to think is very important , and people get carried away , I think , with the importance of it , ” Landon Donovan said after the Colorado game . “ We try to keep it all in perspective , and life is more important . And we 're just heartbroken for a teammate and for our friend Megan and their family . We do our job and get on with it , but that it does n't change what happened yesterday .
“ So that 's going to be a part of our season going forward . It does n't mean that after tonight we forget about it . It 's still a piece of all of us that we feel is lost , and it 's a sad night . ”
There are reports of Russian bomber patrols along the West Coast each of the past four nights , but this is not exactly the case . One was a maritime patrol by two IL-38s , which are not bombers . The Ilyushin Il-38 “ Dolphin ” is a patrol plane . U.S. aircraft intercepted two of the three patrols . Canadians were involved in one of the intercepts because the planes had entered a Canadian Air Defense Identification Zone .
On Tuesday , Russian TU-95 “ Bear ” bombers buzzed by Alaska for the second time in two days , flying even closer to the Alaska mainland than during the first flyby on Monday .
The Bear bombers flew about 40 miles off the coast Tuesday . On Monday , they flew about 100 miles off the Alaskan mainland . In response , two U.S. F-22 fighter jets intercepted the Russian planes during Monday 's flight . The second flight was tracked by a radar early warning plane , but apparently no jets were scrambled in response .
There is a classified set of criteria for determining which Russian bomber flights need to be intercepted and which do n't . Tuesday night 's flight did not meet the criteria . Russia is exercising its long-range bomber force . The Russians do n't always include flights down the West Coast as part of the exercise , but this time they did .
It 's okay to be ashamed about your riding skills after seeing these crazy , cruising canines obliterate the trail . These dogs are all about speed . As they run with their mountain biking masters , they scrub jumps and take better lines than most . The best part ? These four-legged rippers are n't concerned with the latest technology or wheel size , they only want to shred !
Lily the Dog Shreds Trailside in Park City , Utah
Rusty the Dog vs. Bam Hill
Jarret Moore and Luna , Doggin ' It
Downhilling with Amber at the Lookout , Swinley Forest
Being Chased by Dixxie
PROJEKT ROAM : Day of the Dog
Myles the Shred Dog with Nick Van Dine
Watch More Ripping Trail Dog Videos
Here 's to you and your four-legged friends ! If you have an awesome trail dog video share the link or embed the video in the comments below .
The black billboard in front of the old Dip 'n Sip Donut shop at Kingston Rd . and Main St. is a sign of the times — in more ways than one . It 's there to advertise that , yes , another condo is going up , and another eclectic piece of Toronto history is coming down . But it 's also a sign that change is coming to the condo industry .
Dip'n Sip Donuts at Kingston Rd . and Main St. will be replaced with family-sized condos as GTA developers rethink their strategy . ( Susan Pigg / Toronto Star )
Sometime next year , a bulldozer will be brought in and the aged diner , which had seen better days 20 years ago , will be razed . In its place will go the next generation of condos . They will be less shoe boxes in the sky aimed at investors , and more permanent homes aimed at so-called “ end users ” — young families , folks looking for the conveniences of turn-key living , baby boomers looking to downsize in the same neighbourhoods where they raised their kids . Streetcar Developments , better known for the kind of ubiquitous , boxy , glass-walled suites that now dominate Toronto 's skyline , is moving to the next stage .
Article Continued Below
Its newest project , The Southwood , will have just 45 units , most of them “ family-sized suites ” in a six-storey building with all the comforts of home ( minus the upkeep ) , including outdoor space . All the units will have balconies or terraces and more home-like amenities , such as gas stoves . Bigger units will have kitchen islands made for great gatherings . And there 's even a debate about whether to make a daycare centre part of the second phase , planned down the road and across the street , just steps from the Kingston Rd . TTC tracks . Streetcar is far from alone . Developers across the GTA are now doing a major rethink , and a retooling , with a host of projects that will feature fewer tiny units and more spaces where people can really live . But they will come at a price — in Streetcar 's case , $ 600,000 and up .
“ The biggest change in the condo market now is the bigger appetite for bigger homes for end users , ” says Jim Ritchie , senior vice president of sales and marketing for Tridel , Canada 's largest condominium developer . “ As expensive as condominiums may be seen to be , when you look at alternatives — like houses — they are still less expensive . ”
Article Continued Below
Tridel , like Streetcar , has new projects in the sales or development stages for 2015 that are turning conventional condo thinking on its ear . Tridel was surprised when sales launched in the summer of 2013 for its 362-unit Aqualina Bayside project on Queen 's Quay . The company found that the units in the highest demand were some of the biggest and most pricey . Those units are typically the last to sell , which is why developers have flooded the condo market with so many one-bedrooms and even micro-condos up to 500 square feet . They have been hugely popular with investors looking to buy a unit and rent it out . In fact , of the 100 units in Aqualina that sold for over $ 500,000 , 31 of them were over $ 1 million and about 1,500 square feet . As a result , Tridel stepped up the number of bigger units in the second phase of Bayside , called Aquavista . Bigger units will account for almost one-quarter of the 227 total suites . Sales just launched in November , but already end users have snapped up 25 of the $ 1 million-plus bigger units , says Ritchie . “ We also have a lot in the $ 800,000 and $ 900,000 price range , and we have some one-bedroom units . But our focus is really on two bedrooms and larger , ” says Ritchie . “ We 're seeing more of this demand from end users , and not all of it in the downtown. ” In many ways , this is an overdue correction in a condo market that had gotten out of whack . Over the last five years in particular , unit sizes have been shrinking . Part of that has been a legitimate effort by developers to keep prices below $ 450,000 in the face of escalating land and development costs : Above that , buyers lose most HST rebates . But small condos also fed intense investor demand , which remains surprisingly strong but has eased from its 2011 peak . In 2009 , for instance , condo projects launched in the GTA had units averaging 929 square feet . By this year , new GTA projects launching sales had lost the equivalent of a bedroom and hit a low averaging 812 square feet , according to RealNet research . The loss of living space has been even more pronounced in the popular downtown core . But already , unit sizes are starting to creep back up , says RealNet president George Carras . The downside , however , is that average prices will also climb as units get bigger – and that 's worrisome given that the average cost of a new condo has already reached $ 455,000 as of this fall , not including monthly maintenance fees , according to RealNet . Part of that is because new-build houses and condos are subject to the HST , where resale home are n't . The $ 600,000 price tag for one of Streetcar 's The Southwood condos , for instance , includes $ 54,000 just in HST . “ That acts as a really negative influence for developers looking to build bigger units , ” says Streetcar Development founder Les Mallins . Since 2004 , the mix of condos coming on the market has changed dramatically , RealNet research shows : Back then , some 47 per cent of the units in new project launches were two bedrooms . One-bedrooms accounted for about 41 per cent of all new unit launches . But as land and other costs escalated , the mix shifted dramatically . At the peak in 2011 , one bedroom made up about 61 per cent of all new launches and two bedrooms just 31 per cent . As of the end of this year , with developers looking to build bigger , the mix is returning to 2004 levels , with one bedrooms making up 48 per cent of new launches and two-bedrooms catching up at 41 per cent .
Bill O'Reilly , Donald Trump ( Credit : Fox News ) Bill O'Reilly attacks Donald Trump for their Muslim immigration ban : `` You 're hurting the USA 's position against ISIS ! '' Trump insisted that the ban on a single religion `` is n't about religion -- this is about security ''
On `` The O'Reilly Factor '' Wednesday evening , host Bill O'Reilly lit into GOP presidential hopeful Donald Trump , insisting that it is possible to vet refugees and that insulting an entire religion is `` hurting the USA 's position against ISIS . ''
`` If you are elected president , what will you do regarding Muslims who are not Americans traveling to the USA ? '' O'Reilly began by asking .
Advertisement :
`` I would try to find out what is going , '' Trump answered . `` Why the hatred , why are people willing to fly planes into the World Trade Center ? Why did those two people last week go into a room and start shooting people ? It 's a very serious problem and somebody had to bring it up . ''
Of course Trump answered with a non-answer , so O'Reilly had no choice but to upbraid him . `` You did n't answer my question , '' they said . `` What would you do to Muslims coming from overseas ? ''
Trump replied that `` I would set up a strong temporary system to see who qualifies to come in and who does not until we come up with an answer about what 's happening with the Muslim population . ''
`` If you say no Muslims can come here from overseas , '' O'Reilly shot back , `` you are hurting the USA 's position against ISIS . ''
`` I disagree , '' Trump replied . `` People have to be vetted . This is about security , it 's not about religion , and we can not allow people to come into this country who have horrible things in their minds . ''
When O'Reilly tendered that `` I do n't think you have thought through the unintended consequences of banning an entire religion from coming to the United States , '' the ever-humble Trump replied , `` I have thought through everything , believe me . ''
Advertisement :
Trump later said that Islamic extremism is `` a very , very serious problem , and somebody had to bring it up . Maybe it 's not politically correct to do it , but somebody had to bring it up . And a lot of people are very thankful I did it . ''
But as O'Reilly noted , `` you ca n't insult a whole religion '' and expect the United States to be effective in the war on terrorism . `` We 're not insulting , '' Trump replied . `` This is about security , it 's not about religion . We have a president that does n't have a clue . They do n't know what 's going on . All I 'm doing is bringing a situation to the forefront that everybody is talking about and nobody wants to do anything about it . ''
Watch the entire interview below via Fox News .
“ Am I really the first ? ”
That was the first thought that came to mind when Kyla McMullen , 29 , found out they would soon become University of Michigan ‘ s first African-American female computer science PhD alumna this past year .
McMullen decided to go to the records office to search for another fellow black female alumnus to connect with . But they soon discovered that they would become the first black female student in the history of the program to complete the PhD .
“ Typically when you think of someone who is in computer science , you think of a person who is a geek — with pocket protectors , suspenders and highwater pants , ” McMullen joked in a phone interview with theGrio . “ African-American women often do n't think ‘ Okay , I wan na be that [ nerd ] . ” ”
While McMullen 's graduation this past spring marked a racial landmark for Michigan 's computer science department , they said that their experience in the department was sometimes “ isolating ” because they had very few people to turn to for mentorship .
“ If you 're a black woman who 's interested [ in computer science ] , you think you 're going to be the only person that looks like you , ” McMullen said . “ Everyone knows Bill Gates or Steve Jobs , but there is really no one famous that is African-American . The lack of role models or even the lack of someone who looks like you is one huge factor that influences why black women do n't pursue computer science . ”
McMullen admits they did face some obstacles during the process of obtaining their graduate degree . They remember during their first semester , the graduate student liaison told her , “ I 've never taught one of ‘ you ' before. ” McMullen never understood why the liaison called their ‘ one of you ' but they quickly brushed off that awkward experience .
It was n't until their second year at graduate school , where they really felt discrimination .
“ My [ graduate program chair ] told me , ‘ Not everyone is cut out to study computer science . Have you tried any other careers ? ' They said I did n't have what it took to study computer science , ” they said . “ That was the only time someone blatantly said to me to my face that I could n't do something . I ca n't assign a reason why they said that , but I 'm pretty sure it 's because of the way of I looked… I was really taken back of how dismissive they were about me . ”
But despite some minor roadblocks , the 29-year old has been able to fulfill one of their lifelong dreams to walk the stage to receive their graduate degree in computer science this past spring .
Chris Gethard 's eponymous quirky variety show has long been a fringe hit for the cool geeks . But it 's slowly gotten more attention—thanks , in part , to Gethard 's own star rising through projects like their recent comedy special on HBO and last year 's indie hit Do n't Think Twice—and is moving to truTV starting August 3 . This can be either good or bad , depending on when they came on your radar .
“ People often say that our show is a misfit of island toys , ” Gethard explains .
Gethard and several of their co-stars were speaking to journalists on Thursday at the Television Critics Association press day . They all admitted that they were a little bewildered by the experience ; after all , this is a project that started at Upright Citizens Brigade in New York before heading to public access , then Fusion and now truTV .
“ We 've worked so hard to make it great . If it is n't great , I want it to be a complete train wreck , ” Gethard says . “ That 's what I think makes great television . There is no middle ground . ”
This version , like a previous iteration that was on public access , is live .
“ Tru actually proposed that to us , ” Gethard says . “ Our show that premiered on the Fusion network was taped , but it was live when it was on public access . Tru was like , ‘ do you want to do it live again ? ' I was like , ‘ great ! ' , but in my head I was thinking , ‘ this could be a really bad idea… ' ”
How does this show fit into the supersaturated late-night landscape ?
“ I think character-based comedy used to be a big piece of late night and I think now it 's about games and hashtags , ” Gethard says . “ That stuff 's great and , as modern as our show tries to be with technology , I miss characters . ”
What do you mean by “ live ” ? How can I watch it ?
“ We 'll be live on TV with a 10-second delay and the east coast can watch it as it happens , ” Gethard says . “ Anybody else who has a cable provider can watch it through the [ network 's ] app or Apple TV and Roku and all these things… Our international viewers wo n't be able to get access to it live , which is a bummer for them but we hope they 're still supportive of us . ”
How many of the guest stars know what they 're getting into ?
TCGS 's guest stars have included Will Ferrell , who knew what they were getting into because they were an executive producer on the show . Other stars , like Amy Poehler and Jon Hamm , have happily played along . And , “ very oddly , the person who has understood the vibe the most is Sean ‘ Diddy ' Combs , ” Gethard says . He 's even offered to help them book talent .
Why does Gethard think that is ?
“ I think it has a reputation of being a place where you get to show a different side of yourself and you get to kind of not worry about plugging your stuff , ” they say , adding . “ “ They 're just human beings who want to hang out . ”
How have fans responded to the show 's move to truTV ?
“ I have a lot of roots in the punk rock scene and the Brooklyn DIY scene and so there is always the sell-out aspect , ” Gethard says . “ Some people do say you 're selling out . I feel like , at the end of the day , I do feel like we 're selling out . We 've advanced from public television to Fusion to tru . Those are clearly steps toward a bigger platform , a commercial platform . [ But ] I think one of the things fan really appreciate is we put our money where our mouth is . If we commit that we 're going to do it our way . Tru 's been really great in saying we do n't want to change it . We 'll take some big swings . If it does n't go well , we 'll be on our way . If it fails , it fails . But it gives us a lot of freedom . ”
“ We 've had some corporate sponsorship leak in [ before ] , like on Fusion , our music stage was sponsored , ” they say . “ I see on Twitter , ‘ you sellouts . ' Yeah , when AT & T is sponsoring your music performances… but I think one of the things our fans appreciate is that Fusion kept us alive and gave us a business opportunity , but was also not a total comedy network . I think truTV has a real focus on comedy . ”
What do those new to the program need to know about other people on it ?
“ I 'm a real cool lady , ” deadpans Shannon O'Neill , Gethard 's co-host and long-time friend .
“ I think it 's crazy because I should probably be dead , but I 'm on television , ” says series emcee Murphy Meyer . “ I 'm from a very depressing area in Pennsylvania and I loved hero , so those two things went together . ”
The show will also be bringing along fan-favorite characters .
“ This is Vacation Jason , ” Gethard says , pointing to Riley Soloner , in character as a man permanently on vacation . “ Some people may say it 's a bad idea to bring a fictional character to a panel . ”
“ I 'm confused right now , ” Soloner says as their character . “ I 've never been in a room with so many people working . ”
Whitney Friedlander is an entertainment journalist with , what some may argue , an unhealthy love affair with their TV . A former staff writer at both Los Angeles Times and Variety , their writing has also appeared in Esquire , Elle , Complex , Vulture , Marie Claire , Toronto Star and others . They live in Los Angeles with their husband , son and very photogenic cat .
The 43-year-old man had met a woman four years their senior in a bar in the southern German city on Monday and they took them back to their apartment for sex , a police spokesperson said in a statement .
`` There they had sexual intercourse several times , '' the spokesperson said .
`` When the 47-year-old wanted even more , their partner said no . ''
The man then tried to leave the apartment but the woman prevented them from escaping and demanded they have sex with them again .
`` Because the 43-year-old saw no other alternative , they complied with the woman 's wishes another few times so they could finally leave the apartment , '' the spokesperson said .
`` But when they continued to refuse and demanded even more sex from him , they fled to the balcony and alerted the police . ''
The woman `` then tried to talk the dispatched officers into similar activity but was unsuccessful '' .
They are now facing possible charges of sexual assault and illegal restraint .
AFP/hc
Beck Diefenbach/Reuters After months of rumors , the TV set-top device drew a chorus of enthusiastic `` oohs '' and `` aahhs '' from the audience when it was finally unveiled on stage .
Company execs demonstrated how just about any streaming video could be quickly accessed thanks to the powerful universal search ; they showed a new way to watch live sports accompanied by player stats and other bells and whistles ; and they teased new apps to transform the television set into a full-fledged entertainment platform .
The year was 2010 . The product was Google TV .
Google 's first attempt at conquering the living room did not end well . Google TV was left to die of neglect after suffering a few years of poor sales and brutal reviews . Google is now working on a successor , Android TV .
Even an all-star line-up of industry bigwigs could n't save Google TV Robert Galbraith/Reuters But the product that Google showcased five years ago was similar in many ways to the new Apple TV , which was unveiled with great fanfare on Wednesday . Both promised to marry the world of television and internet-delivered content in a transformative way , with an ecosystem of apps , universal search , and an improved viewing experience .
Is Apple TV destined to meet the same fate as Google TV ? Or is it different this time ? Here 's a look at some of the key differences that might give Apple TV a better chance .
Design
Apple is known for its attention to design . But the contrast between the new Apple TV and the Google TV devices could n't be more striking .
Google did n't actually make the hardware itself . It let companies like Sony and Logitech make the devices .
The results were grotesque . The Logitech Google TV box came with an actual keyboard that couch potatoes were supposed to balance on their laps . The Sony devices had a monstrosity of a remote control that was so complex it should 've required a license to operate .
Apple , which has the benefit of controlling both the hardware and software , has a simplified remote control . And Apple TV uses voice-search , powered by its Siri virtual assistant , to make using the product feel even more natural . Will that be enough to make it a hit ? Who knows , but it 's better than that Sony remote .
The remote control for Sony 's Google TV product Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Timing
In technology , timing is everything . Even a great idea can flop if the market is n't ready for it .
Google TV launched only five years ago , but a lot of things have changed in that period of time .
`` When Google TV came out in 2010 , Netflix streaming was only a couple of years old at that point , '' says Jonathan Gaw , an analyst with industry research firm IDC . `` It 's reasonable to think that five years on , consumers might be more open to this than they were back then . ''
In fact , Google TV devices were intended to pair with a cable or satellite TV feed , providing a bridge between traditional linear TV and the online world . Apple TV is first and foremost a streaming device that ignores old-fashioned TV delivery ( although Apple is reportedly working on putting together a bundle of cable TV programming , delivered to the box over the internet ) .
`` You could say that our television watching habits have matured . You could say that the app ecosystem is much bigger and better now than it was back then when Google TV came out . You could say that people are much more ready to cut the cord now then they were before , '' says Gaw .
Consumers are much more accustomed to streaming video today than five years ago . REUTERS/ Mike Cassese
Price
At $ 149 and $ 199 , the new version of Apple TV will be more than double the price of Apple 's earlier , basic and no-frills set-top box . But even at the new higher price tag , Apple TV is still significantly cheaper than what some of the initial Google TV devices were priced at .
The Logitech Revue Google TV box initially carried a $ 300 sticker ( the price was eventually discounted to $ 99 ) . Sony , meanwhile , initially included the Google TV service inside high-definition TV sets that ranged in price from $ 599 top $ 1,399 and inside a Blu-ray DVD player that cost $ 399 .
Consumers balked at paying those kinds of prices for Google TV . Apple has wisely kept the price lower , though it will still be asking for a premium compared to other basic streaming devices like the Roku or the Amazon Fire TV , both of which cost $ 100 .
DoD Promotes Suicide Prevention Through Work With Media , Other Groups
The Defense Department is working with media , nongovernmental organizations and the federal sector to focus on suicide prevention .
In a media roundtable here today , Keita Franklin , director of the Defense Suicide Prevention Office , moderated the event with members of the media , the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs , the National Organization of Broadcasters and the Entertainment Industries Council in attendance . The roundtable was an effort to encourage people to seek help when they are in crisis , and call the Veterans Crisis Line 1-800-273-8255 .
“ September is Suicide Prevention Month , ” Franklin said , “ … but make no mistake ; it 's an all-year , all-hands effort all the time . In September we will push off a year-long campaign in collaboration with the VA … with the theme , ‘ Be There . ' ”
They added : “ It 's being there for one another , for your fellow service member , your family , for yourself when you have a need . So reach out and get help . ”
The Suicide Prevention Month theme mirrors today 's military culture , Franklin said , one in which service members rely on each other for help .
“ We see that as a strength and hope that folks will continue to be there for one another , ” they said .
Suicide Prevention Month will kick off Sept. 7 with a 9:30 a.m. event on the Pentagon 's second floor , Apex 9 and 10 .
Maybe this will make the Village stop yawning and start considering the extremely corrosive effect on democracy that secret groups buying members of Congress will create . Or not . Anyway , Karl Rove has decided that they need a matched set . He 's spent $ 56 million to buy the Senate , and has set a new fundraising goal in order to buy the House .
Now , American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS are aiming to raise and spend $ 65M on the election -- an amount one source with knowledge of the organization 's finances said was a conservative estimate of what they could raise by Election Day . So far , the two groups have focused largely on Senate races . Part of the added funding includes another $ 5M commitment to Senate campaigns . But with three weeks to go before Election Day , they will turn their attention toward taking over the House . They will join a coalition of Republican-friendly outside organizations in a $ 50M campaign to target House Democrats , to which the Crossroads groups will contribute $ 10M .
Here 's what all that right-wing money represents in terms of real astroturfing : `` 60,052 ads since the beginning of August . '' That 's $ 52.7 million in spending , in two and a half months .
( Click on image to see it full size . )
That bar on the left , that 's how many ads the Chamber has aired -- 13,108 . Right in the middle , that 's Rove 's Crossroads with 17,306 ads . Since the beginning of August .
The Chamber of Commerce spent at least $ 9.8 million to run fully 4,706 ads in just one week , meaning it eclipsed Americans for Prosperity ( another apparent dropout from the big-money class ) . The Chamber reported even more spending ( $ 10.7 million ) to the FEC , but $ 949,886 of that spending appeared to be double-reported . Either way , the business lobby dropped a CEO 's salary to influence our elections in just a few days . Makes you wonder what they 're expecting in return . The other big-bucks story is more complicated . The innocent-sounding Commission for Hope , Growth and Prosperity — a 501 ( c ) 4 * founded by GOP operative Scott Reed — has posted a startling 2,153 ads since late September . We do n't know how much money they spent doing it , because Reed 's group has yet to report a cent of spending to the FEC ( a fact that led the DCCC to file a complaint last week ; good luck with that ) . Still , we know who 's feeding Reed 's tongue-twisting money machine . From the horse 's mouth : Where 's the dough coming from ? `` The big three stepping into the batter 's box are the financial services industry , the energy industry , and the health insurance industry , '' Reed said .
It 's a wonder there 's even any space left on airwaves to shove these ads in . But for the argument from the Village and the GOP that it does n't matter to voters , there 's this :
BLOOMBERG NATIONAL POLL : Would it make “ you more likely or less likely to support a particular candidate .... [ if that ] Campaign was aided by advertising paid for by anonymous business groups ” ? More likely : 9 % ... Less Likely : 47 % ... Would Not Matter : 41 % ... Not Sure : 3 % .
That 's why this story is n't going to go away .
1 . Hodgson , R. , and S. J. Davy . ( 1887 ) . The possibilities of mal-observation and lapse of memory from a practical point of view . Proceedings of the Society for Psychical Research , 4 , 381-495 .
2 . Jastrow , J . ( 1896 ) . Psychological notes upon sleight-of-hand experts . Science , 3 , 685-689 .
3 . Triplett , N. ( 1900 ) . The psychology of conjuring deceptions . The American Journal of Psychology , 11 , 439-510 .
4 . Besterman , T. ( 1932 ) . The psychology of testimony in relation to paraphysical phenomena : Report of an experiment . Proceedings of the Society for Psychical Research , 40 : 363-387 .
5 . Jones , W. H. and D. Russell . ( 1980 ) . The selective processing of belief disconfirming information . European Journal of Social Psychology , 10 , 309-312 .
6 . Singer , B. , and Benassi , V. A . & Reynolds , C.B . 1980 . Occult Belief : Seeing is believing , Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion .
7 . Trinkaus , J . ( 1980 ) . Preconditioning an audience for mental magic : An informal look . Perceptual and Motor Skills , 51 , 262 .
8 . Smith , M. D. ( 1993 ) . The effect of belief in the paranormal and prior set upon the observation of a ‘ psychic ' demonstration . European Journal of Parapsychology , 9 , 24-34 .
9 . Wiseman , R. J. and R. L. Morris . ( 1995 ) . Recalling pseudo-psychic demonstrations . British Journal of Psychology , 86 , 113-125 .
10 . Subbotsky , E. ( 1996 ) . Explaining impossible phenomena : object permanence beliefs and memory failures in adults . Memory , 4 , 199-233 .
11 . Subbotsky , E. ( 1997 ) . Explanations of unusual events : phenomenalistic causal judgements in children and adults . British Journal of Developmental Psychology , 15 , 13-36 .
12 . Subbotsky , E. ( 2001 ) . Causal explanations of events by children and adults : Can alternative causal modes coexist in one mind ? British Journal of Developmental Psychology , 19 , 23-46 .
13 . Subbotsky , E. & Quinteros , G. ( 2002 ) . Do cultural factors affect causal beliefs ? Rational and magical thinking in Britain and Mexico . British Journal of Psychology , 93 , 519-543 .
14 . Wiseman , R. , Greening , E. , & Smith , M. ( 2003 ) . Belief in the paranormal and suggestion in the seance room . British Journal of Psychology , 94 , 285-297 .
15 . Hergovich , A . ( 2004 ) . The effect of pseudo-psychic demonstrations as dependent on belief in paranormal phenomena and suggestibility . Personality and Individual Differences , 36 , 365-380 .
16 . Johansson , P. , Hall , L. , Sikstrom , S. , & Olsson , A . ( 2005 ) . Failure to detect mismatches between intention and outcome in a simple decision task . Science , 310 , 116-119 .
17 . Kuhn , G. & Tatler , B. W. ( 2005 ) . Magic and fixation : Now you do n't see it , now you do . Perception , 34 , 1153-1161 .
18 . Wiseman , R. , & Greening , E. ( 2005 ) . It 's still bending : Verbal suggestion and alleged psychokinetic ability . British Journal of Psychology , 96 , 115-127 .
19 . Kuhn , G. & Land , M. F. ( 2006 ) . There 's more to magic than meets the eye ! Current Biology . 16 ( 22 ) , R950 .
20 . Linney , Y. M. , & Peters , E. R. ( 2007 ) . The psychological processes underlying symptoms of thought interference in psychosis . Behaviour Research and Therapy , 45 , 2726-2741 .
21 . Kuhn , G. & Tatler , B. W. Findlay J.M . Cole G. G. ( 2008 ) . Misdirection in magic : Implications for the relationship between eye gaze and attention . Visual Cognition , 16 , 391-405 .
22 . Parris , B . A. , Kuhn , G. , Mizon , G. A. , Benattayallah , A. , & Hodgson , T. L. ( 2009 ) . Imaging the impossible : An fMRI study of impossible causal relationships in magic tricks . Neuroimage , 45 , 1033-1039 .
23 . Hall , L. , Johansson , P. , Tärning , B. , Sikström , S. , & Deutgen , T. ( 2010 ) . Magic at the marketplace : Choice blindness for the taste of jam and the smell of tea . Cognition , 117 , 54–61 . doi:10.1016/j.cognition.2010.06.010
24 . Kuhn , G. Kourkoulou , A. Leekam , S.R . ( 2010 ) . How magic changes our expectations about autism . Psychological Science , 21 , 1487-93 .
25 . Kuhn , G. , & Findlay , J. M. ( 2010 ) . Misdirection , attention and awareness : Inattentional blindness reveals temporal relationship between eye movements and visual awareness . The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology,63 , 136-146 .
26 . Subbotsky , E. ( 2010 ) . Curiosity and exploratory behavior toward possible and impossible events in children and adults . British Journal of Psychology , 101 , 481-501 .
27 . Cavina-Pratesi , C. , Kuhn , G. , Ietswaart , M. , Milner , A. D. ( 2011 ) . The Magic Grasp : Motor Expertise in Deception . PLoS ONE 6 : e16568 . doi:10.1371/ journal.pone.0016568
28 . Cui , J. , Otero-Millan , J. , Macknik , S. L. , King , M. , & Martinez-Conde , S. ( 2011 ) . Social misdirection fails to enhance a magic illusion . Frontiers in Human Neuroscience , 5 , 103. doi : 10.3389/fnhum.2011.00103
29 . Hergovich , A. , Gröbl , K. , & Carbon , C. C. ( 2011 ) . The paddle move commonly used in magic tricks as a means for analysing the perceptual limits of combined motion trajectories . Perception 40 , 358 .
30 . Otero-Millan , J. , Macknik , S. L. , Robbins , A. , & Martinez-Conde , S. ( 2011 ) . Stronger misdirection in curved than in straight motion . Frontiers in Human Neuroscience , 5. doi : 10.3389/fnhum.2011.00133
31 . Demacheva , I. , Ladouceur , M. , Steinberg , E. , Pogossova , G. , & Raz , A . ( 2012 ) . The Applied Cognitive Psychology of Attention : A Step Closer to Understanding Magic Tricks . Applied Cognitive Psychology , 26 , 541-549 .
32 . Hall , L. , Johansson , P. , & Strandberg , T. ( 2012 ) . Lifting the veil of morality : Choice blindness and attitude reversals on a self-transforming survey . PloS one , 7 , e45457 . doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0045457
33 . Smith , T. J. , Lamont , P. , & Henderson , J. M. ( 2012 ) . The penny drops : Change blindness at fixation . Perception , 41 , 489-492 .
34 . Danek , A. H. , Fraps , T. , von Müller , A. , Grothe , B. , & Öllinger , M. ( 2013 ) . Aha ! experiences leave a mark : facilitated recall of insight solutions . Psychological Research , 77 , 659-669 .
35 . Hall , L. , Strandberg , T. , Pärnamets , P. , Lind , A. , Tärning , B. , & Johansson , P. ( 2013 ) . How the polls can be both spot on and dead wrong : Using choice blindness to shift political attitudes and voter intentions . PloS one , 8 , e60554 . doi : 10.1371/journal.pone.0060554
36 . Johansson , P. , Hall , L. , Tärning , B. , Sikström , S. , & Chater , N. ( 2013 ) . Choice Blindness and Preference Change : You Will Like This Paper Better If You ( Believe You ) Chose to Read It ! Journal of Behavioral Decision Making . doi : 10.1002/bdm.1807
37 . Rieiro , H. , Martinez-Conde , S. , & Macknik , S. L. ( 2013 ) . Perceptual elements in Penn & Teller 's “ Cups and Balls ” magic trick . PeerJ , 1 , e19 . doi : 10.7717/peerj.19
38 . Shalom , D. E. , de Sousa Serro , M. G. , Giaconia , M. , Martinez , L. M. , Rieznik , A. , & Sigman , M. ( 2013 ) . Choosing in Freedom or Forced to Choose ? Introspective Blindness to Psychological Forcing in Stage-Magic . PloS one,8 , e58254 . doi : 10.1371/journal.pone.0058254
39 . Smith , T. J. , Lamont , P. , & Henderson , J. M. ( 2013 ) . Change blindness in a dynamic scene due to endogenous override of exogenous attentional cues . Perception , 42 , 884-886 .
40 . Ward , T. A. , Gaynor , K. J. , Hunter , M. D. , Woodruff , P. W. , Garety , P. A. , & Peters , E. R. ( 2013 ) . Appraisals and responses to experimental symptom analogues in clinical and nonclinical individuals with psychotic experiences . Schizophrenia Bulletin , sbt094 .
41 . Aardema , F. , & Johansson , P. ( 2014 ) . Choice Blindness , Confabulatory Introspection , and Obsessive-Compulsive Symptoms : A New Area of Investigation . International Journal of Cognitive Therapy , 7 , 83–102 .
42 . Barnhart , A. S. , & Goldinger , S. D. ( 2014 ) . Blinded by magic : Eye-movements reveal the misdirection of attention . Frontiers in Psychology , 5. doi : 10.3389/fpsyg.2014.01461 .
43 . Danek , A. H. , Fraps , T. , Von Mueller , A. , Grothe , B. , & Öllinger , M. ( 2014 ) . Working Wonders ? Investigating insight with magic tricks . Cognition , 130 , 174-185 .
44 . Danek , A. H. , Fraps , T. , von Müller , A. , Grothe , B. , & Öllinger , M. ( 2014 ) . It 's a kind of magic—what self-reports can reveal about the phenomenology of insight problem-solving . Frontiers in Psychology , 5 , 1408. http : //doi.org/10.3389/fpsyg.2014.01408
45 . Mohr , C. , Koutrakis , N. , & Kuhn , G. ( 2014 ) . Priming psychic and conjuring abilities of a magic demonstration influences event interpretation and random number generation biases . Frontiers in Psychology , 5. doi : 10.3389/fpsyg.2014.01542
46 . Tachibana , R. , & Kawabata , H. ( 2014 ) . The effects of social misdirection on magic tricks : How deceived and undeceived groups differ . i-Perception , 5 , 143-146. doi : 10.1068/i0640sas
47 . Williams , H. , & McOwan , P. W. ( 2014 ) . Magic in the machine : a computational magician 's assistant . Frontiers in Psychology , 5. doi : 10.3389/fpsyg.2014.01283
48 . Wilson , K. & French C. C. ( 2014 ) Magic and memory : Using conjuring to explore the effects of suggestion , social influence and paranormal belief on eyewitness testimony for an ostensibly paranormal event . Frontiers in Psychology . doi : 10.3389/fpsyg.2014.01289
49 . Beth , T. , & Ekroll , V. ( 2015 ) . The curious influence of timing on the magical experience evoked by conjuring tricks involving false transfer : decay of amodal object permanence ? Psychological research , 79 , 513-522
50 . Danek , A.H. , Öllinger , M. , Fraps , T. , Grothe , B. , & Flanagin , V.L . ( 2015 ) . An fMRI investigation of expectation violation in magic tricks . Frontiers in Psychology , 6 , 84 .
51 . Olson , J . A. , Demacheva , I. , & Raz , A . ( 2015 ) . Explanations of a magic trick across the life span.Frontiers in Psychology , 6. doi : 10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00219
52 . Olson , J. , Amlani , A. , & Rensink , R. ( 2015 ) . Using magic to influence choice in the absence of visual awareness . Consiousness and Cognition , 37 . 225- 236 .
53 . Phillips , F. , Natter , M. B. , & Egan , E. J . ( 2015 ) . Magically deceptive biological motion—the french drop sleight . Frontiers in Psychology , 6 , 371. doi : 10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00371
54 . Smith , T. J . ( 2015 ) . The role of audience participation and task relevance on change detection during a card trick . Frontiers in Psychology , 6. doi : 10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00013
55 . Griffiths , T. L. ( 2015 ) . Revealing ontological commitments by magic.Cognition , 136 , 43-48 .
56 . Kuhn , G. , & Rensink , R. A . ( 2016 ) . The vanishing ball illusion : A new perspective on the perception of dynamic events . Cognition , 148 , 64-70 .
57 . Kuhn , G. , Teszka , R. , Tenaw , N. , & Kingstone , A . ( 2016 ) . Do n't be fooled ! Attentional responses to social cues in a face-to-face and video magic trick reveals greater top-down control for overt than covert attention . Cognition , 146 , 136-142 .
58 . Thomas , C. , & Didierjean , A . ( 2016 ) . No need for a social cue ! A masked magician can also trick the audience in the vanishing ball illusion . Attention , Perception , & Psychophysics , 78 , 21-29 .
59 . Williams , H. , & McOwan , P. W. ( 2016 ) . Magic in Pieces : An Analysis of Magic Trick Construction Using Artificial Intelligence as a Design Aid . Applied Artificial Intelligence , 30 , 16-28 .
60 . Wiseman , R. J. , & Nakano , T. ( 2016 ) . Blink and you 'll miss it : the role of blinking in the perception of magic tricks . PeerJ , 4 , e1873 .
61 . Thomas , C. , & Didierjean , A . ( 2016 ) . The ball vanishes in the air : can we blame representational momentum ? . Psychonomic bulletin & review , 1-8 .
62 . Tachibana , R. , & Gyoba , J . ( 2016 ) . Effects of different types of misdirection on attention and detection performance . Took psychologic folia , 74 , 42-56 .
63 . Thomas , C. , & Didierjean , A . ( 2016 ) . Magicians fix your mind : How unlikely solutions block obvious ones . Cognition , 154 , 169-173 .
64 . Caffaratti , H. , Navajas , J. , Rey , H. G. , & Quian Quiroga , R. ( 2016 ) . Where is the ball ? behavioral and neural responses elicited by a magic trick . Psychophysiology .
65 . Hergovich , A. , & Oberfichtner , B . ( 2016 ) . Magic and Misdirection : The Influence of Social Cues on the Allocation of Visual Attention While Watching a Cups-and-Balls Routine . Frontiers in Psychology , 761 .
66 . Olson , J . A. , Landry , M. , Appourchaux , K. , & Raz , A . ( 2016 ) . Simulated thought insertion : Influencing the sense of agency using deception and magic . Consciousness and cognition , 43 , 11-26 .
67 . Tompkins , M. L. , Woods , A. T. , & Aimola Davies , A. M. ( 2016 ) . Phantom Vanish magic trick : Investigating the disappearance of a non-existent object in a dynamic scene . Frontiers in Psychology , 7 , 950 .
68 . Hedne , M. R. , Norman , E. , & Metcalfe , J . ( 2016 ) . Intuitive Feelings of Warmth and Confidence in Insight and Noninsight Problem-Solving of Magic Tricks . Frontiers in Psychology , 7 .
Ronald Page seemingly had it made when Bank of America unintentionally changed their account status , allowing the 55-year-old man to make unlimited ATM cash overdraft withdrawals .
But ABC News reports that Page , who in reality had only $ 300 in their checking account , used the accidental loophole to withdraw more than $ 1.5 million—losing it all on gambling .
And even worse for Page , the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Detroit says they are now facing 15 months in prison after pleading guilty to charges of theft of bank funds , $ 1,543,104 in total between December 1 , 2008 and May 31 , 2009 .
`` In this case , the bank 's glitch allowed the defendant to lose a significant amount of money that was not even theirs in the first place , '' reads the U.S. Attorney 's sentencing memorandum , obtained by ABC . `` The fact that defendant acted on an impulse does not minimize the seriousness of their conduct and the need for a custodial sentence . ''
The day the Bank of America glitch went into effect , Page reportedly withdrew $ 312,000 from ATMs at the Greektown Casino in Detroit and an additional $ 51,727 from the MGM Grand Casino . Bank of America placed a hold on their account 17 days later , but they had already withdrawn $ 1.5 million by that point .
The glitch reportedly occurred because Page originally had a banking account with LaSalle Bank . When Bank of America acquired LaSalle , the glitch somehow occurred while the two banking institutions were transferring account information .
Page , who does not have a prior record , could have faced a steeper sentence but prosecutors said their crime was a `` lapse of judgment '' and placed blame with Bank of America for allowing the withdrawals to take place .
In addition to the recommended 15-month sentence and order to repay the funds , the U.S. Attorney 's Office has suggested that Page be prohibited from gambling in any capacity .
`` If their gambling addiction is not addressed , they are very likely to cause further financial hardship to themselves and their family , '' the memorandum reads .
Steven Gerrard has spoken of their excitement at getting the chance to play alongside Xabi Alonso and Dirk Kuyt once again when Liverpool Legends host Bayern Munich at Anfield next year .
The game , scheduled for Saturday March 24 , 2018 , is being staged to raise funds for the Liverpool FC Foundation and tickets are priced at £20 for adults , £5 for juniors and £15 for over 65s .
Season ticket holders and members can purchase tickets now , while general sale begins at 11am GMT on Wednesday November 22 .
Gerrard , now manager of the Reds ' U18s , scored and provided three assists in the last Legends game , which saw Liverpool beat their Real Madrid counterparts 4-3 at Anfield back in March .
The likes of Kuyt , Jamie Carragher , Luis Garcia and Robbie Fowler will also be playing against Bayern , while the German giants will be able to call on the services of Bixente Lizarazu , Martin Demichelis Owen Hargreaves and Giovane Elber , among others .
Alonso , meanwhile , will play for both teams .
Recently , Liverpoolfc.com sat down Gerrard to discuss the match . Read on to find out what the legendary former skipper had to say ...
Steven , how much are you looking forward to playing in front of the Kop again ?
I ca n't wait . Every time I get the invitation , I do n't understand why they send me one because to get invited to play in front of the whole Anfield crowd , the Kop , and put on that red shirt is always an incredible experience . It 's an experience that I miss an awful lot so to get the chance to do it with a lot of friends , ex-teammates and heroes of mine growing up , of course I 'm never going to turn that down .
Bayern Munich at Anfield , it 's a game that certainly whets the appetite is n't it…
Well , they are trying to test us are n't they ! Last time it was the mighty Real Madrid and now it 's the mighty Bayern Munich , so the test seems to be getting tougher and tougher each time . But we 'll be ready and we are confident from our last performance getting a tasty win , so we are really looking forward to it .
Of course , the game is being played to raise funds for the LFC Foundation which is doing a brilliant job both here on Merseyside and further afield ...
It does an excellent job and that 's the reason why we all very keen to take part and give back to help them raise funds . We know they spend it in really vital areas both locally and afar , so that 's the key and the most important thing about the day . Hopefully people will come out to support us as well . We will do our bit on the pitch and hopefully we get the fantastic support like we did against Real Madrid . I 'm sure it will be a really special day .
Just how much are you looking forward to playing with Xabi Alonso again ?
That 's another reason why you do n't turn the invitation down . I heard on the quiet that they could be showing up and hopefully they play more minutes for us than them , but to be alongside them again will be very special . I had some wonderful years alongside them and they made me a better player . Some of the things I did for Liverpool as a No.8 and a No.10 I would n't have been able to do without Xabi , because they gave me the time and space on the ball . That 's what they did . They were an expert at passing short and long and it was a great experience to play alongside him , so hopefully they have n't been eating too many cakes and letting themselves go too much and he 's still as good as ever !
Will you be dropping Xabi a little text to make sure they play for Liverpool longer on the day than they do for Bayern ?
They know . I 've been retired a lot longer than them so they know he 's going to be doing my running ! They should be used to that because they used to do it all when we played . It just means that I will get closer to the goal because if they come in I 'll move up , so hopefully I 'll get a few more chances on goal due to Xabi 's passing .
We also have another hero of the Kop returning , too . How much are you looking forward to seeing Dirk Kuyt , the man for the big occasion , again ?
They scored very important goals and they were a very selfless player . They did a lot of dirty work and running for the team . Dirk was a teammate that you appreciated more than most because you knew in every training session and in every single game they would always give 110 per cent and that 's Dirk . That smile , that enthusiasm , that character that they showed , they had many great years here . It 's great to have them back and they will be welcomed into the team with open arms . Both Xabi and Dirk , I 'm really looking forward to seeing them and spending some time with them .
What 's your favourite memory of playing alongside Dirk ?
There 's too many really . I do n't think you would be doing them a service by picking one . I think how you remember Dirk Kuyt is someone who stepped up at important times and they were always in the right place at the right time . You never really remember them for fantastic goals but for important goals . That 's what Dirk should be remembered for .
The last time the Legends got together you rolled back the years with an unstoppable Kop-end strike against Madrid - how special was it to have that feeling again ?
It was nice to get on the scoresheet and it was nice to get a win . These games are for the LFC Foundation and that 's the most important thing , but when the game starts there 's pressure . The fans are coming to see us play . We have to entertain , we have to try and win and do special things as a team . But the whole day , the experience of being around all of the players and to play in front of the fans again is what I remember most , and hopefully I will get a similar experience again .
Supplying passes to the likes of Ian Rush , John Aldridge , Robbie Fowler - you never get tired of that , do you…
I never get tired of it , that 's my job and that 's what I grew up learning to do and that 's to give centre-forwards service . When are playing with those names you mentioned , heroes , it comes with pressure and you 've got to provide the bullets for them to fire .
Out of the Legends you played alongside last time who impressed you the most ?
Carra always keeps us together at the back like they always did . He 's still got decent legs for the team . Didi Hamann does all the dirty work and adding Xabi and Dirk around that , Steve McManaman 's energy , there 's a lot we have . Michael [ Owen ] popped up with a typical goal , Robbie showed bits and bobs and was unlucky not to score . Jason McAteer provided some quality down the right side , so I remember a lot of it . Competition for places is big now , even to get on the bench , so it will be interesting to see what the squad is .
Tickets for the match will go on sale to season ticket holders and LFC members from 11am GMT on Monday November 20 , while general sale begins at 11am on Wednesday November 22 .
Tickets will be available to purchase online only by clicking here .
View more videos at : http : //nbcnewyork.com .
A former `` teacher of the year '' wo n't serve any prison time after admitting they had a sexual relationship with a 15-year-old student .
A state Superior Court judge in Newark , New Jersey , sentenced 33-year-old Erica DePalo to lifetime parole supervision .
They also will have to forfeit their teaching certificate and register as a sex offender .
A tearful DePalo made a brief statement in court Monday expressing regret for their actions , and saying they were trying to rebuild their life .
They pleaded guilty in February to child endangerment .
Read more from NBCNewYork.com
Prosecutors said the Montclair resident had a brief sexual relationship with a student in their honors English class at West Orange High School .
They initially are charged with aggravated sexual assault , sexual assault and child endangerment and could have faced up to 10 years in prison if convicted .
Them attorney , Anthony Alfano , said DePalo suffers from bipolar disorder and was on bad medication that can cause errors in judgment .
Related :
Erica DePalo , former 'Teacher of the Year , ' accused of having sex with 15-year-old student
Just as government corruption and private sector looting have exploded in the last thirty years , so too have police shakedowns . As the Sarah Stillman reports in a must-read New Yorker story , a type of seizure called civil forfeiture that was intended to hobble drug kingpins has now become a big revenue generator for police departments in many areas of the country . As the article depressingly records , in some places , such as a stretch of road in East Texas , civil forfeiture is a mechanism for local cops to separate people with out of state or rental license plates from their jewelry and cash . In other places , cars and even homes are the objects of the official seizures . The reason this form of legal larceny has n't gotten more attention is that the victims are often minorities ( read unlikely to have powerful friends ) and lower income .
Civil forfeiture is yet another aggressive policing tool brought into legitimacy the War on Drugs . As Stillman explains :
The basic principle behind asset forfeiture is appealing . It enables authorities to confiscate cash or property obtained through illicit means… In general , you need n't be found guilty to have your assets claimed by law enforcement ; in some states , suspicion on a par with “ probable cause ” is sufficient . Nor must you be charged with a crime , or even be accused of one . Unlike criminal forfeiture , which requires that a person be convicted of an offense before their or their property is confiscated , civil forfeiture amounts to a lawsuit filed directly against a possession , regardless of its owner 's guilt or innocence . One result is the rise of improbable case names such as United States v. One Pearl Necklace and United States v. Approximately 64,695 Pounds of Shark Fins . ( Jennifer Boatright and Ron Henderson 's forfeiture was slugged State of Texas v . $ 6,037 . ) “ The protections our Constitution usually affords are out the window , ” Louis Rulli , a clinical law professor at the University of Pennsylvania and a leading forfeiture expert , observes . A piece of property does not share the rights of a person . There 's no right to an attorney and , in most states , no presumption of innocence . Owners who wish to contest often find that the cost of hiring a lawyer far exceeds the value of their seized goods . Washington , D.C. , charges up to twenty-five hundred dollars simply for the right to challenge a police seizure in court , which can take months or even years to resolve… . Forfeiture in its modern form began with federal statutes enacted in the nineteen-seventies and aimed not at waiteres and janitors but at organized-crime bosses and drug lords . Law-enforcement officers were empowered to seize money and goods tied to the production of illegal drugs . Later amendments allowed the seizure of anything thought to have been purchased with tainted funds , whether or not it was connected to the commission of a crime . Even then , forfeiture remained an infrequent resort until 1984 , when Congress passed the Comprehensive Crime Control Act . It established a special fund that turned over proceeds from forfeitures to the law-enforcement agencies responsible for them .
And this is when the practice started going off the rails . Initially , the focus was on drug kingpins ; the law allowed the Feds to nab a ranch linked to Pablo Escobar and the bank accounts of some Wall Street fraudsters . The story has a mind-numbing number of appalling stories , including a minister having cash from collections taken and a couple that had the misfortune to be carrying cash to buy a used car when pulled over threatened with felony charges and having their kids placed in foster care unless they signed over the funds . And do n't kid yourself that this practice is mainly about stopping criminals :
Yet only a small portion of state and local forfeiture cases target powerful entities . “ There 's this myth that they 're cracking down on drug cartels and kingpins , ” Lee McGrath , of the Institute for Justice , who recently co-wrote a paper on Georgia 's aggressive use of forfeiture , says . “ In reality , it 's small amounts , where people are n't entitled to a public defender , and ca n't afford a lawyer , and the only rational response is to walk away from your property , because of the infeasibility of getting your money back. ” In 2011 , they report , fifty-eight local , county , and statewide police forces in Georgia brought in $ 2.76 million in forfeitures ; more than half the items taken were worth less than six hundred and fifty dollars . With minimal oversight , police can then spend nearly all those proceeds , often without reporting where the money has gone .
To illustrate , one of the few cases in Stillman 's article that actually had a connection to drugs was that of a couple in their late 60s where the 31 year old son still lived at home and sold $ 20 worth of marijuana three times to an undercover cop . For this , the police tried to take the home even though the son had no ownership of the home and the father had suffered a stroke and had just been diagnosed with cancer .
As news reports of some abuses emerged in the 1990s , Congress voted in the Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act in 2000. but that change appears to have curtailed bad behavior only at the Federal level .
Stillman points out that some states , such as Maine and Missouri , do n't allow the local police forces to hang on to the property but requires them to turn it over to another entity ( North Carolina is the only state where civil forfeiture is prohibited ) . But the ones that allow the police the most latitude to use seized assets like Texas , Virginia , and Georgia , have seen the most rapacious police behavior . Some examples :
In some Texas counties , nearly forty per cent of police budgets comes from forfeiture… .. In Oklahoma , a Caddo County district attorney hired a private company , Desert Snow L.L.C. , to train a local drug-interdiction task force . Although the company 's contractors were not certified law officers , they reportedly interrogated drivers and took up to twenty-five per cent of the seized cash , even in cases where no contraband was present… . In Hunt County , Texas , I found officers scoring personal bonuses of up to twenty-six thousand dollars a year , straight from the forfeiture fund . In Titus County , forfeiture pays the assistant district attorney 's entire salary… Scandals , too , emerge from the federal Equitable Sharing program , which allows local police to skirt state restrictions on the use of funds . In Bal Harbour , Florida , an upscale seaside village of thirty-three-hundred residents , a small vice squad ran a forfeiture network that brought in nearly fifty million dollars in just three years . The squad travelled around the country , helped to arrange money-laundering stings in far-flung cities , then divided the cash with the federal agencies involved . Last year , the Department of Justice shut down the operation , ordering the village to return millions in cash . But much of it had already been spent : on luxury-car rentals and first-class plane tickets to pursue stings in New York , New Jersey , California , and elsewhere ; on a hundred-thousand-dollar police boat ; and on a twenty-one-thousand-dollar drug-prevention beach party .
And as the Bal Harbour example attests , the better-off are sometimes the targets :
AIn the midst of festivities one evening in late May , 2008 [ at the Contemporary Art Institute of Detroit ] , forty-odd officers in black commando gear stormed the gallery…One young woman who had fallen only to their knees told me that a masked figure screamed at her , “ Bitch , you think you 're too pretty to get in the mud ? ” A boot from behind kicked them to the ground . The officers…placed the guests under arrest . According to police records , the gallery lacked proper city permits for after-hours dancing and drinking , and an old ordinance aimed at “ blind pigs ” ( speakeasies ) and other places of “ illegal occupation ” made it a crime to patronize such a place , knowingly or not . After lining the guests on their knees before a “ prisoner processing table ” and searching them , the officers asked for everyone 's car keys . Then the raid team seized every vehicle it could find…Forty-four cars were taken to government-contracted lots . Most of those detained had to pay more than a thousand dollars for the return of their cars ; if payment was n't made promptly , the car would become city property . The proceeds were divided among the offices of the prosecutors , police , and towing companies .
The ACLU sued and won in lower court ; Detroit is appealing .
The worst is that there 's no ready defense against this sort of thing , save living and vacationing only in states that do n't allow police to use grab and keep the property of people they think they can get away with victimizing . The case that Stillman uses as the backbone of their story took years to be fought and then resulted in a settlement by the police . Other attorneys say there are “ affirmative defenses ” but this area of the law is highly specialized and very few attorneys know it .
You need to read this piece in full . Stillman has done an admirable job in describing this appalling practice . And do n't even think of driving in East Texas .
A wild coyote found at and retrieved from Dat Dog restaurant in the Marigny over the weekend was `` humanely euthanized '' Monday night , according to the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries Tuesday afternoon ( Jan. 24 ) .
Dat Dog employees were startled by the animal when it ran into the restaurant early Sunday morning and hid in a corner of the business 's second floor balcony . John Schmidt and Suzanne Howard , two state-approved nuisance wildlife coordinators from St. Rose , retrieved the coyote from the Frenchmen Street location of Dat Dog Sunday afternoon .
Although the business said wildlife rehabilitator Tara Shepherd planned to retrieve the coyote from Schmidt Monday night , the rescue did n't end up happening : State regulations required the coyote to be killed , the wildlife department said .
Dat Dog is now planning to host a fundraiser event at its Freret Street location to benefit the Louisiana Wildlife Federation , according to a person affiliated with Dat Dog 's public relation 's team . Details were not immediately available about the event .
Coyote wanders onto Frenchmen Street , seeks refuge at Dat Dog Employees thought it was a wild dog until it howled at them
The Nuisance Wildlife Control Operator program 's regulations , which Schmidt and Howard are required to follow , say that animals including coyotes , nutria and feral hogs `` shall not be relocated and shall be euthanized '' within 12 hours of capture . Wildlife and Fisheries permits coordinator Melissa Collins said that if trappers `` were to transfer a live coyote to a wildlife rehabilitator , '' the trapper would be in violation of trapper rules and regulations , `` which could result in a possible citation and loss of license . ''
`` However in this case , the trapper removed the coyote and humanely euthanized the animal , '' Collins said .
Schmidt said Monday that `` coyotes are all over the place , '' and that they removed about 200 of them from the grounds of the Louis Armstrong International Airport in three years . Coyotes are known for being carriers of rabies and potentially carry other wildlife diseases and parasites such as distemper , parvo virus , and echinococcus . Collins said all of those diseases can `` impact both human health and the health of domestic animals and wildlife populations . ''
Collins stressed that compliance with laws , as well as knowledge on the proper handling and disposal of wildlife species , is important in preventing disease outbreaks among the public , domestic animals , and wildlife populations .
( This post has been updated for clarity and to include additional information )
Reporting instructions if you see either of the two men
We have received reports of two men following or approaching female residents inappropriately in the neighbourhood during the past week .
The first man is described as a black male in their 40s , 6 ft. , muscular and very persistent . They have been seen wearing a red jacket and has been described as “ well dressed ” . They have been seen a number of times in the past week on Amelia St. , Wellesley St. and Sumach St. as well as in Riverdale Park West and also in Wellesley Park . They have been observed talking to himself .
In two incidents , on April 25 and 26 at approximately 7 p.m. this man approached a female resident walking their large dog and was persistent in following them and waited nearby while they spoke with a neighbour who they stopped for safety reasons – after 10 minutes the man moved on . These incidents have been reported to police at 51 division and a formal complaint made to the crime division .
The second man is described as a black male in their 40s , 6 ft. , muscular , slightly smaller in stature than the first man and has been seen and photographed wearing a red cap , navy blue jacket with a white puffy vest . On May 2 at 8 a.m. , this man approached a 14 year old girl walking on Sackville St. between Carlton and Winchester Streets . The man asked the girl if they had marijuana or cocaine and when they said no , they asked if they could hug them After asking them a number of questions , they departed . A man matching the same description separately approached a 13 year old girl walking dogs in O'Riordan 's Lane around the same time , and persistently asked if they could talk to them and if they could hug them The parents have contacted Toronto Police about these incidents .
Photographs of a person matching the description of the second man have been forwarded to us by a concerned resident and the girls believe that it is the same person and confirm that items that the man is carrying were also seen at the time of the incidents . Two other women have identified the same person and know their name – which has been reported to police – and cautioned that they have been seen very intoxicated on a number of mornings and has made aggressive sexual remarks to them .
We were contacted by yet another resident who has reported that they saw the two men sitting together in Wellesley Park , and that the second man has been seen walking down into the ravine from Wellesley Park .
During the evening of May 1 , a woman walking dogs in Wellesley Park with their two teenaged daughters was also approached by a man and had to tell them to “ get lost ” before they would leave them alone , but it is not known if it was either of the two men .
Det . Ian MacDonald of Toronto Police has instructed that anyone who sees either of these men should call 51 Division at 416-808-5100 , and say that “ two men have been seen following women in Cabbagetown and I see a man who fits the description of one of them . Describe what the man is wearing to the dispatcher and cite complaint # 2017-751771 . Indicate that it is n't an emergency but that there is urgency since these men continue to harass women and girls in the neighbourhood . Also say that these instructions have been given by Detective Ian MacDonald and Detective Sergeant Michael Richmond ” .
Update May 2 11 p.m. :
City News has reported on this issue focusing on aggressive panhandling which was part of one of the sightings noted above but was aired prior to the reports of a second man .
Cabbagetown residents on guard for aggressive panhandler ( citynews.ca )
If you have any information about this or any other matter of similar concern – call Toronto Police . Also , be sure to report crimes of any severity or value to the police as they monitor these reports and assign resources accordingly . If you would like to let fellow residents know also , please contact us and let us know what you would be comfortable with us sharing .
Toronto Police :
416-808-2222 for non-emergency inquiries
911 for emergencies and crimes in progress
Toronto Police CORE ( Citizen Online Report Entry )
Toronto Police Bicycle Registration Form
A massive truck bomb blast has ripped through the heart of Kabul 's diplomatic district , killing at least 80 people and wounding hundreds in a powerful explosion described by officials as `` one of the biggest '' to have hit the capital of Afghanistan .
A tanker truck believed to be carrying either water or human waste exploded on Wednesday near Zanbaq Square in Kabul 's 10th district , close to shops and restaurants as well as government offices and foreign embassies .
There was no immediate claim of responsibility . Zabihullah Mujahid , a spokesperson for the Taliban , told Al Jazeera that the group was not involved in the attack .
READ MORE : Social media users react to 'horrific ' Kabul bombing
Police and health officials confirmed to Al Jazeera that at least 80 people were killed and more than 300 wounded in the attack .
Reporting from Kabul , Al Jazeera 's Qais Azimy cited sources as saying that the death toll could be as high as 100 , with more than 500 wounded .
`` This is one of the biggest attacks in Afghanistan that I have ever seen , '' they said . `` It 's a very sad and very bloody day for the people of Kabul . ''
Aziz Navin , an IT engineer with the Afghan TOLOnews outlet , was one of the first victims to be named .
Mohammed Nazi , a driver with the BBC , was also killed while four journalists from the British public broadcaster were being treated in hospital .
`` [ Nazir ] was driving journalist colleagues to the office , '' the BBC said in a statement posted to Twitter . `` He was in their late thirties and leaves a young family . ''
An Afghan security guard at the German embassy also died in the attack .
The victims appear mainly to have been Afghan civilians , and there were no immediate reports of casualties among foreign embassy staff .
`` The area is heavily guarded , and there is usually traffic jam , just because of security-controlled points in the area , '' Mushtaq Rahim , an independent analyst and security commentator , told Al Jazeera from Kabul .
IN PICTURES : Scenes of carnage in Afghan capital
`` And that was one of the main reasons that we had so many civilian casualties . because of the congestion that happens in that area . ''
Video shot at the scene showed burning debris , blasted walls and buildings and destroyed cars , many with dead or wounded people inside .
Al Jazeera 's Qais Azimy said the location of the attack was very significant , as it hit one of the Afghan capital 's busiest and most secure parts .
`` Kabul has been very quiet for the past week , but police have confirmed to us that this was one of the biggest blasts Kabul has ever seen , '' they said .
The incident raised many security questions in Kabul , Azimy said , noting that many were wondering how `` a truck full of explosives could manage to get to that highly secure '' part of the Afghan capital .
Rahim , the security commentator , agreed .
READ MORE : World leaders condemn 'appalling ' attack in Kabul
`` Heavily-loaded vehicles are checked thoroughly , and usually they are not allowed to pass through these areas without prior clearance from the security forces , '' they said .
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL , also known as ISIS ) group has claimed responsibility for several recent bombings in the Afghan capital , including a powerful blast targeting an armoured NATO convoy that killed at least eight people and wounded 28 on May 3 .
Sigmar Gabriel , Germany 's foreign minister , said that an Afghan security guard was killed and several employees of the German embassy wounded in the blast .
Sushma Swaraj , India 's minister of external affairs , tweeted that all of the staff at the Indian embassy `` were safe in the massive Kabul blast '' .
French officials said the country 's embassy in Kabul was damaged in the attack , but there were no signs at this stage of any victims .
Ambulances rushed to the scene of the blast , while a huge plume of smoke could be seen rising from the area .
Houses and shops hundreds of metres away from the blast site were damaged , with windows and doors blown off their hinges .
`` The explosion was so loud that it shattered all my windows , did not hear something this big before , '' Fatima Faizi , a Kabul resident , told Al Jazeera .
We have received a lot of letters regarding our cover and articles last week on the price of Scottish independence . We will be publishing some of them in a forthcomiing issue of The Economist , but for now here is a small selection of our readers ' thoughts on the matter so far . ( Note : you can find a larger and clearer image of the map here ) .
SIR - Why has the prospect of an independence referendum for Scotland become a vast magnet for internet trolls to trade threats and engage in primitive mud slinging ? Included among them now is The Economist . Your front cover depicting a map of “ Skintland ” pillories and profoundly insults every corner of Scotland .
Simple logic dictates the referendum process . The Scottish National Party has always made it clear that it supports the idea of independence for Scotland . Therefore , logically , that is what the nationalists would aim for when in power . They did not achieve this political power with guns , weapons , violent means or the spillage of blood , but at the ballot box .
Let 's remember the facts : in 1997 there was a referendum asking the Scottish people if they wanted a Parliament . The vast majority at the polls said yes , so the Westminster government passed the Scotland Act , which brought the first Scottish Parliament into being . At elections in 2011 the SNP won an overall majority in the Scottish Parliament and with this majority it intends to ask the people of Scotland what they think about independence . That is what they said they would do , and that is what we should therefore expect them to do . The people of Scotland can say yes , or they can say no .
In every democracy , a voting process is preceded by campaigns on all sides to influence the voter . In more mature democracies one might expect campaigns to inform , not to threaten , bribe , instil fear , bully or harm . We seem to have gone from silly scaremongering , such as William Hague 's threat to stop promoting Scotch whisky in British embassies , to your predictions of poverty and deprivation . The problem is that this obscures the facts , figures and reasoned debate everyone longs for .
To the outside world the United Kingdom must be an entirely Disunited Kingdom , whose constituent parts despise and dislike one another . I do n't believe this to be true , but there is a lot of journalism pushing the idea along without thought for the wider harm it does . Ultimately it is up to the people of Scotland , but most of us would like to have some reasonable discussion in advance .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
Lorraine Fannin , Edinburgh
SIR - It must have been splendid fun dreaming up all those place names to make Scotland sound like an economic basket case . Fun maybe , but puerile rather than funny , and not worthy of The Economist . And not even right : your own article shows Scotland doing better economically than any part of Britain other than London and the south-east .
I am English and I have no axe to grind about independence , but I was embarrassed by your insouciant dismissal of Scotland 's potential . It can only encourage more Scots to vote “ yes ” when the time comes . Where was your English sense of fair play ?
Clive Bates , London
SIR - Loved your front cover on Scotland . Absolutely hilarious . What better proof could we have that the sooner we split from you supercilious elitists down south the better .
Trish Hurst , Carradale , Argyll
SIR – I am an American who has been living in Edinburgh for the past five years . Where was the mention of Scotland 's remarkable progress in producing renewable energy , and its projected energy self-sufficiency by 2020 ? Why is it relevant that Royal Bank of Scotland and HBOS needed to be bailed out when the bulk of their operations are international ? I see no one criticising the small nation of Switzerland over the lacklustre performance of UBS .
Why were there no words on what the union stands to lose if Scottish independence becomes a reality ? Granted , there were some valid points made in your article , but as an outsider to this nationalist versus unionist row , even I could detect your clear bias .
Judith Payen , Edinburgh
SIR - That was some hatchet job you carried out on Scotland . The wholly negative spin you applied to the costs of independence , both on your cover and throughout the leader , had me wondering if it had been scripted by Tory central office .
Economies everywhere face an uncertain future , not just countries undergoing constitutional change . Yes , there are parts of Scotland 's economy that could be adversely affected by independence , but this is offset by other areas where the impact would likely be advantageous , and you make no mention of these . For instance , the scrapping of Trident would allow an independent Scotland to have much-reduced defence spending , while Scotland would be entitled to a per capita share of UK assets .
The opposite of independence is dependence , and the latter also comes with costs . Arguably , Scotland has been paying a high price for its current status .
David Williamson , Dunbar , East Lothian
SIR - Your cover was mean-spirited and did not reflect the excellent content of your article . The cover has been widely seen and will win new converts to the SNP , who like to claim England 's relationship with Scotland is abusive . Alex Salmond , the SNP 's leader , is a political bruiser and the other current Scottish party leaders are lightweights .
A real problem with the independence debate is the absence of any effective leadership for the pro-union cause.The pro-union cause must be led by a Scot , who can not be Tory ( since they are a minority party in Scotland ) . My favourite would be Alastair Darling , the former Labour treasury secretary , but they seem to be keeping their head down .
Jim Thomson , Strathaven , Lanarkshire
SIR - Congratulations on the Scotland cover ; clever , witty - and spot on . The Nats are livid !
William Ballantine , West Lothian , Scotland
SIR – Your articles on the Scottish dilemma were full of facts and fiction , rounded out by a good laugh . In my opinion , Scotland would have much to lose by choosing independence . Similarly , the union could suffer a fatal wound on losing a priceless gem .
One can only hope that we Scots will not lose our sense of humour .
George Smith , Weiterstadt , Germany
Four personnel of the Pakistan Army , including a major , lost their lives while attempting to foil a terrorist attack in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 's Upper Dir district in the early hours of Wednesday , said an Inter-Services Public Relations ( ISPR ) press release .
Major Ali Salman , who belonged to an intelligence agency , along with their team carried out an intelligence-based operation ( IBO ) against a terrorist hideout in in Sheratkal village of Sultankhel Darra , Upper Dir .
Military personnel carry the coffin of a soldier during a funeral ceremony in Peshawar . —AFP
When the security personnel raided the hideout , the suspected militants opened fire on the soldiers . One of the two suicide bombers present inside the hideout then blew themselves up , while the other was killed in the exchange of fire with soldiers .
One suspected terrorist was apprehended during the operation , the ISPR statement said .
The martyred officer and soldiers were identified as Maj Ali Salman , Havaldar Ghulam Nazir , Havaldar Akhtar and Sepoy Abdul Karim .
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi expressed their grief over martyrdom of the army personnel , the Prime Minister 's Office said in a statement .
Soldiers carry the coffin of Maj Ali during a funeral ceremony in Peshawar . —AFP
`` Each drop of blood of our heroes is a testament to the fact that we all are united as a nation to cleanse our beloved motherland from terrorist elements , '' Abbasi said .
The incident comes as Operation Khyber-4 , launched under Operation Raddul Fasaad ( RuF ) by the Pakistan Army in the Rajgal Valley area of Khyber Agency , gains momentum .
Terrorism in Pakistan
Incidents of terrorism in Pakistan have shown a drop over the three-year period from 2014-2017 , the ISPR had announced earlier .
Trend in civilian casualties . ─ Photo courtesy ISPR
Since the launch of Operation RuF , the army has launched 46 major operations in the country and over 9,000 IBOs .
About 1,760 joint checkposts have been established in coordination with police and other law enforcement agencies .
An earlier version of this article erroneously said that the raid was carried out in Lower Dir . The error is regretted .
1 . Toss the chocolate chips and peanut butter into a saucepan on medium heat .
2 . Allow them to melt .
3 . Add in coconut flakes - add more than the recommended amount above if you are a real coconut lover .
4 . Add the oats , rice Chex , and almonds and Mix .
5 . Scoop out 1/4 cup portions into paper muffin cups .
6 . Garnish with coconut flakes if you so desire .
7 . Put in the fridge to allow them to cool and firm up .
Total number of servings : 12 , Calorie per serving : 122 kcal *
* Calorie count is estimated , not direct calorimetry .
Fireside option : measure out the dry ingredients and toss all 4 into a bag/container . Bring along your jar of peanut butter and chocolate chips and melt them in a pot - toss in the dry ingredients . Skip the muffin papers , flatten out the mix in the pot , allow cooling and cut pieces out like rice krispies .
Fox 's in-house psychiatrist , Dr. Keith Ablow , once again showed why any sane network would be having them examined rather than putting them on the air as any kind of expert . First , they wrongly accused President Obama of wanting “ to take everyone 's guns , ” then Ablow likened them into a wife-beater “ coming back ” to Republicans and finally , after a brief detour of linking Obama 's abandonment issues to their belief in “ disempowering the individual , ” Ablow finished up with flurry of demands for Obama to resign .
Ablow appeared yesterday on Fox News Radio 's Kilmeade & Friends where they said the following about Obama 's outreach to Republicans :
…We do n't share values . Let 's not be lulled into a false sense of security . This is like the husband who beat you coming back saying , ‘ I 've changed ! I 've changed , honey ! ' Look , no , you have n't because you have n't been in therapy with Dr. Keith Ablow . The president continues to believe what they believed their whole life , which is based in them having been abandoned by everybody who said that they cared about him . They believe in the collective . They believe in disempowering the individual and they understand that their agenda is a progressive one . So if they have to back up a few steps in order to take six steps forward , they will .
Later , host Kilmeade wondered why – unlike other recent presidents , nobody from Obama 's own party has turned on him . Ablow responded :
I would n't be moderating my position but I might say , ‘ Look , the right thing for you to do is , frankly , to resign . You put us in a position where we nearly went bankrupt , What are you doing here ? You 've criticized our country , you 've apologized for us . Get out of that office ! '
Kilmeade laughed .
Audio below via Media Matters .
In the early '90s , a Simi Valley , Calif. , woman named Charlotte Haley , appalled at the minuscule amount of money going to cancer research , created the first breast cancer ribbon . It was an orangey-pink — salmon-colored , really — and made of fabric . Haley , who was not only a breast cancer survivor but also had seen numerous friends and family members suffer from the disease , began attaching their ribbon to cards they sent out with the words “ Breast Cancer Awareness Ribbon . . . . Join this grassroots movement . Help us to wake up our Legislators and America by wearing this ribbon . ”
Soon after they introduced their creation to the world , big business came calling — specifically , representatives of Conde Nast 's Self magazine and international cosmetics company Estee Lauder , who wanted to make Haley 's ribbon the official symbol of the disease . Haley , concerned about the commercialization of their creation , turned them down . Undeterred , Self and Estee Lauder consulted their attorneys , changed the ribbon 's color to pure pink — all-female focus groups said it was the most nonthreatening , reassuring and feminine color — and went on their merry way .
The pink ribbon is now everywhere , but as the contretemps over the Susan G. Komen foundation 's hastily retracted decision to defund breast cancer screenings for Planned Parenthood proves , a spoonful of sugar may make the medicine go down , but there 's no promise it 'll stay there . These feelings of disappointment and betrayal inform writer/director Lea Pool 's critical documentary , “ Pink Ribbons , Inc. , ” which was released a week ago in Canada .
Of course , the outrage is n't just about Planned Parenthood , or even Komen , arguably the most high-profile of American breast cancer charities . Like Haley , what the chorus of critics is pushing back against is broader in scope : an emphasis on optics over integrity , crass commercialism and the infantilization of the female experience into something fashionable , cheerful or sexy . As a number of pundits and commentators put it , the events of last week make it clear that for more and more American women , “ pink stinks . ”
‘ Breast cancer culture '
“ Pink Ribbons , Inc. , ” which will premiere locally at the Washington , D.C. , International Film Festival in April , has impeccable timing and a subject ripe for exploration — namely , the normalizing of an agonizing , widespread and often deadly disease and its repackaging as a lifestyle , what critics call “ breast cancer culture. ” ( Emphasis on the “ cult. ” ) The film is also an indictment of the industries that both align themselves against and profit from the disease , which is to say , the pharmaceutical , chemical and consumer-goods companies that manufacture products containing cancer-causing toxins at the same time that they market treatments , palliatives and charity goods in service of finding a “ cure . ”
Critics of breast cancer culture , including “ Pink Ribbons , Inc. ” producer Ravida Din , call such hypocrisies “ pinkwashing. ” Din was inspired to tackle the subject seven years ago , after they were diagnosed with breast cancer . Them sister had forwarded along Barbara Ehrenreich 's prescient November 2001 Harper 's Magazine essay , “ Welcome to Cancerland , ” in which the cultural critic detailed their growing disgust with the commercial and medical establishment that they encountered after their diagnosis . ( Ehrenreich 's essay was incorporated in their 2009 book “ Bright-sided : How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America . ” )
“ Reading Barbara 's essay was a real aha moment for me , ” says Din , whose film is strongly informed and named after Canadian academic Samantha King 's 2008 book , which explicates the changing contours of the public presentation of the disease . ( Both Ehrenreich and King appear multiple times in “ Pink Ribbons , Inc. ” ) “ I had just come out of treatment , and I felt that Barbara gave me the language to start to understand how we have all become complicit in creating this breast cancer culture . ”
“ That pink ribbon cult becomes , for many women , the idea of what the women 's health movement is : wearing pink and going to races and things like that , ” Ehrenreich said Thursday . “ This kerfuffle with the Komen foundation really showed they do n't represent a women 's health movement . You ca n't depoliticize women 's health issues . You ca n't just make a nice philanthropy around it . I think that particular delusion or illusion , that Komen really represented women in some comprehensive way , is gone . ”
As Din and others point out , critics of breast cancer culture are not opposed to fundraising on behalf of breast cancer research or the research itself . The stated missions of organizations such as Komen — to help underwrite medical studies , offer support and help end the stigma against the disease — are not in question , nor are the motivations of the millions of women and men who have donated their time , money and energy to such causes .
What critics such Ehrenreich and breast cancer activist Barbara A. Brenner chafe at , however , is the evolution of much of breast cancer activism from a scientifically curious and explicitly feminist grass-roots movement with an interest in causes and prevention to the highly marketed , watered-down and corporatized iteration of today , focused mainly on treatments and “ cures. ” They also question where most of the money raised is going .
“ We are not doing enough with looking at the disease origins , ” Din says . “ Why do we get cancer in the first place ? The fact is that most of the money raised focuses on awareness and lifestyle changes and not on primary prevention . ”
Or , as Janet Collins , an activist who organized the first world conference on breast cancer in 1997 tells “ Pink Ribbons , Inc. 's ” filmmakers : “ If you ask people . . . if you raise the issue of prevention , they 'll say , ‘ Well , we ca n't prevent when we do n't know what causes it . ' Well how the hell can you cure what you do n't know ? ”
Going mainstream
You ca n't . But you can make money trying . Although the mainstreaming of breast cancer activism and awareness is a triumph of marketing and outreach , its ubiquity has come at a cost — or depending on your point of a view , a profit — in the form of hundreds if not thousands of new or retooled consumer products . Cars , makeup , vacuum cleaners , stuffed animals , NFL and MLB apparel . . . all these and more have , at one point or another over the past few decades , been slapped with a fresh coat of ( pink ) paint and the imprimatur of any number of breast cancer charities , including Komen and the other behemoth in the breast cancer space , the Avon Foundation .
Twenty years after Haley refused the request to market their salmon-colored ribbon , pink ribbons , pink ribboned-consumer goods and associated runs , walks and jumps “ for the cure ” have become so commonplace and therefore benign that we hardly notice them ; we 're anesthetized to this major killer of women to the point that it 's almost accepted as a rite of passage , not a profoundly painful experience . The color has been promoted as fashionable , a shorthand for a sort of optimism and positivity — what King calls the “ tyranny of cheerfulness ” — that threatens to obscure much of the justifiable grief , frustration and fear that accompany the epidemic , not to mention the hypocrisies of the companies who benefit from it .
“ I think if people actually knew what was happening , they would be really pissed off , ” Brenner tells “ Pink Ribbons , Inc. 's ” filmmakers , noting that many of the companies that donate to breast cancer charities — Revlon , AstraZeneca , Ford , Yoplait — have manufactured goods that contain or expel known carcinogens , estrogenics and endocrine disruptors . Komen founder and chief executive Nancy Brinker counters that coming from a place of anger does not “ include or incent people to be part of a mission . ”
Politicization
Tell that to “ Linda in Las Vegas. ” The breast cancer patient and former Komen supporter uploaded a video to YouTube on Feb. 2 titled “ What Breast Cancer Is , And Is Not ! , ” in which they rail against the politicization behind the Komen foundation 's defund­-ing of Planned Parenthood . ( Komen backed down , somewhat , on Feb. 3 . On Tuesday , Karen Handel , a Komen senior vice president and reportedly the brains behind the group 's contro­-versial decision , resigned . ) About two-thirds of the way through the video , which has garnered more than a quarter of a million hits in less than a week , Linda opens their bathrobe to reveal scars from their recent bilateral mastectomy . There is nothing pink , cheerful or fashionable about her , and that 's precisely where their power comes from .
“ Do you see politics on my chest ? ” they ask . “ Do you see religion on my chest ? Do you see moral values or what you believe to be moral values ? No , that 's not cancer at all . It 's not on my chest and that 's not it . ”
They smile . “ The foundation ? You showed your ass . Now you can kiss mine . Thank you . ”
To read Anna Holmes 's previous columns , go to wapo.st/anna-holmes .
While reading through some Devils-related stories the other day , one blog post I came across drew my eye .
In The Fire and Ice Blog , written by Tom Gulitti of the Bergen Record , one part of a particular post rang some alarms . While reading about the league 's fines on the Devils , Gulitti decided to post a “ running tally ” on how much Ilya Kovalchuk has cost the Devils franchise so far . As of Monday , the cost was only growing , and in the end , the Devils may pay Kovalchuk far more than the $ 100 million contract they signed .
So far , Kovalchuk has cost the Devils more than just money . On top of the $ 103 million its cost the Devils ( $ 100 million contract , $ 3 million fine ) , the Devils have also surrendered four draft picks , two of which are first-round selections . The Devils also traded Johnny Oduya , Niclas Bergfors and Patrice Cormier in the February trade that brought Kovalchuk to New Jersey . That 's just the player and monetary aspect of the signing .
The Devils also lost credibility throughout the summer during this signing . The team spent an entire summer in the headlines , and many of them were notably negative . The league used this contract as a jump-off point to renegotiate the CBA , eliminating these types of deals . Worse , the Devils were caught looking ridiculous for the entire summer . Everyone respects Lou Lamoriello , but their credibility – and their relationship with the league – definitely took a hit in this process .
Just think – all of this for a player who has yet to win a playoff series . And those things above are still the running tally . The Devils still need to shed cap space , probably losing two more players . And remember that left-winger Zach Parise is a restricted free agent and will need to be signed .
I 'm not saying the Devils made a mistake in signing Kovalchuk to a deal . Their offensive potential is limitless , and with John MacLean at the helm , the left-winger should begin to show their scoring abilities . If they can fulfill that potential , the Devils will have two of the best scorers in the game on their bench , giving them a huge lift over other clubs around the league .
The expectations and pressures to perform are already on Kovalchuk . As their real cost continues to rise , so will the pressure to perform at a high level night in and night out . The Devils have made an immense investment in Kovalchuk , and we will all expect a solid – if not spectacular – return on the investment .
Advertisements
In June of 2015 , a woman named Ameenah Gurib-Fakim finally shattered one of those glass ceilings we always talk about . Mauritius , a small island off the coast of Africa with a population of a little over 1.2 million , elected its first female president in a landslide . Since being elected , Gurib Fakim has been on a mission to further their efforts to strengthen their country .
After winning , Gurib-Fakim stated , “ When the people voted , they voted for a package , they knew that they would have a lady president and yet they voted massively for a party that has not made any provision for constitutional change . ”
Gurib-Fakim was the Vice Chairman of the Planet Earth Institute , which is an international NGO and charity that works to increase Africa 's scientific independence . On the Planet Earth Institute 's website they note that , “ Africa 's scientific output is the lowest in the world . As a continent of over a billion people and more than 50 nations , it has been producing roughly the same amount of scientific research as the Netherlands for the last 20 years…Africa [ has ] the world 's lowest tertiary enrollment rate – of seven percent compared to a world average of thirty percent. ” Their hope is to get more students around the world interested in STEM subjects at university .
Gurib-Fakim is also a former bio-scientist and has published over 28 scientific books . Science has been a huge part of their life since they were a little girl . They say , “ I became interested in sciences at a very young age because I had motivated teachers who infected me with the virus of science . I went into sciences following my heart because passion was there . When I went back to Mauritius , I realized that the work I was doing in synthetic chemistry , the infrastructure was n't there and yet in the academic world you either publish or perish . I chose to publish . To publish novel things you have to have novel avenues . ”
Mauritius ' first female president has outlined and followed their long-term plans to get the country back on track with the rest of the world . They are working to find better ways to generate more electricity from solar , wind , geothermal , and wave power .
They say , “ It is good to have these possibilities exist because there is growing demand and that is why we 're trying to diversify . ”
Recently , they visited MIT in order to talk about ways to strengthen the relationship between the institute and their country . While there , they discussed ways to improve and find sources for renewable energy sources .
According to an article published by MIT News , “ MIT and Mauritius already have one working relationship established through MISTI 's Global Startup Labs program , which encourages entrepreneurship in developing countries . MISTI will begin partnering with Mauritius Telecom , starting this summer . ”
As Gurib-Fakim brings their country to the forefront of the science world , they give all little girls around the world a woman to admire , but most importantly they give them hope . They are a symbol that the times are changing and the international glass ceiling finally has some more cracks .
Featured Image by Commander , U.S . Naval Forces Europe-Africa/U.S . 6th Fleet on Flickr
Attribution-NoDerivs 2.0 Generic ( CC BY-ND 2.0 )
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Sultanate of Sulu has long held a historic claim to the province of Sabah in Malaysia
Malaysia was invaded earlier this month . A ragtag group of people - some of them armed - travelled from the Philippine islands of Sulu to Malaysian Borneo to stake their claim on the province of Sabah .
This so-called Royal Army of Sulu , just a few hundred in number , is hardly likely to be a major threat to the Malaysian police , who are currently surrounding their base in a little village .
But the fate of these people and how their claim is handled - by both countries - may have important consequences for regional stability .
Sale or lease ?
The leader of the group is the brother of Jamalul Kiram III , one of the two main claimants to the title of Sultan of Sulu .
It is a title that goes back to before the Philippines was an American colony , or a Spanish colony , or indeed properly recognised as the Philippines at all .
The two main sultanates in the region at the time were Sulu and Brunei . In 1658 , the Sultan of Brunei gave Sabah to the Sultan of Sulu - either as a dowry or because troops from Sulu had helped them quell a rebellion .
More than 350 years later , the sultan 's heirs have come to remind Malaysians that they still consider Sabah to be part of Sulu and , by extension , part of the Philippines .
`` Sabah is our home , '' they said simply when asked why they had come .
But history is not that simple and of course Malaysia has no intention of giving up Sabah to this little band of Filipinos .
The crux of their disagreement lies in a contract made in 1878 , between the Sultanate of Sulu and the British North Borneo Company .
Under this contract known as pajak , the company could occupy Sabah in perpetuity as long as it paid a regular sum of money .
Even today , Malaysia pays about 5,000 Malaysian ringgit ( £1,000 , $ 1,500 ) a year to the Sultanate of Sulu .
But the British and , after that an independent Malaysia , interpreted pajak to mean sale , while the Sulu Sultanate has always maintained it means lease .
`` In my opinion , this is more consistent with a lease rather than a sale , because you ca n't have a purchase price which is not fixed and which is payable until kingdom come , '' said Harry Roque , a law professor at the University of the Philippines .
Secret militia
The issue has been a stumbling block in relations between Malaysia and the Philippines for decades , and a factor behind the continuing violence and instability on the islands of Sulu .
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Jamalul Kiram III is one of two claimates to the Sulu Sultanate
Successive Philippine presidents have pressed the sultanate 's case , the most audacious being an attempt by the late President Ferdinand Marcos to train and equip a secret Muslim militia to take Sabah by force .
The plan was leaked before it could be put into action , and the militia force was allegedly killed by the Philippine army in an attempt to cover up the evidence . The massacre became one of the main triggers for rising Muslim discontent and the emergence of Muslim rebel groups which are still around in the region today .
Perhaps the Malaysians volunteered precisely because they do n't want the Sabah claims to be revived Harry Roque , Law professor
Subsequent attempts to settle the issue have been far more peaceful and diplomatic in nature , and even the previous president , Gloria Arroyo , had brought up the claim with Malaysia on several occasions .
But under the current president , Benigno Aquino , the Sultanate of Sulu 's ancestral rights have not been mentioned at all .
And that could well be why the Royal Army of Sulu decided now was the time to launch their brave , if somewhat , foolhardy invasion .
Disinterested party ?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Malaysian police are surrounding the group 's base in a village in Sabah
According to Mr Roque , Mr Aquino has not pursued Sulu 's claims because they have been prioritising talks with a Muslim rebel group in the region , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( MILF ) , instead .
These talks have been fruitful , and there is a framework peace deal in place for the first time in decades .
But the facilitators of the talks are the Malaysians - and Mr Roque says Malaysia is hardly a disinterested party .
`` The fact that Malaysia volunteered to be a facilitator must have an impact on why the Aquino government has decided to keep the claim dormant , '' they said .
`` Perhaps the Malaysians volunteered precisely because they do n't want the Sabah claims to be revived . ''
But even if Mr Aquino does not want to deal with the Sabah issue right now , they know they can not just ignore Sulu 's claims .
The heirs to the sultanate are highly respected , and could call on a lot more support than the few hundred people currently in Sabah if necessary .
`` If the sultan 's family are not included in peace talks , and feel like they 're being forgotten and left out , there will soon be a serious problem , '' said Professor Benito Lim , a historian from Ateneo de Manila University in the capital .
Revered family
Image copyright AFP Image caption The sultan 's heirs still consider Sabah to be part of Sulu
I know myself how revered sultans are in Sulu . There are two main families which can claim the title of Sultan of Sulu - the Kirams and the Bahjins .
I visited a member of the Bahjin family , the Sultan of Patikul , Jainal Abirin Bahjin , in their little wooden house . He 's a softly spoken man , very unassuming and welcoming , living a simple life by the beach .
But the locals who came to visit with us were clearly extremely honoured to be in their presence .
After we chatted for a while , they invited me to a private room at the back of their house , where they took out what looked like a pile of old clothes .
But inside several layers of material , there was a ceremonial sword - a gift from the sultan of Brunei to their forefathers more than 300 years ago .
Decades and centuries may go past , but this family remembers its history as clear as if it were yesterday .
No peace deal , no change of presidency , not even the insurmountable odds posed by the Malaysian security forces , are going to make them forget that Sabah used to belong to Sulu - and in their minds , still does .
On its way to the Gulf of Mexico , the river cuts through the mountains of Big Bend National Park and rests in reservoirs including near Amistad Dam . Both present clear challenges to wall builders .
Byron Hedges , a local who has fished in the Amistad Dam , said they thought the topography would make construction difficult . They said , `` If Donald Trump went and flew the whole border , just in Texas , they would realise it 's infeasible . It 's too rough of country . ''
2 . Unlike the Western border states , most of Texas is privately owned
A significant amount of border land in Arizona and New Mexico is owned by the federal government . But most Texas land is privately owned , thanks to its terms of entry into the Union centuries ago .
This difference led to lawsuits between Texans and the federal government during construction of the fencing that exists today .
According to a project on the border barrier by the University of Texas 's law school , the United States sued `` hundreds of private property owners to obtain title to their land to allow for construction of segments of the wall on that land . '' Resuming barrier construction on private lands will likely invite more lawsuits and logistical challenges .
People look out towards where border structure separates San Diego , right , from Tijuana , Mexico , left , Wednesday , Jan. 25 , 2017 . Julie Watson
3 . Most of the border is natural , but a human-made barrier is not
Advertisement
The southern border of Texas is technically somewhere in the middle of the Rio Grande . The river has changed course in the past , creating boundary disputes between the United States and Mexico .
The existing border fencing in southern Texas often sits far from the river , outside its flood plains – creating wide seams between the fence and the official border .
Some Americans live on the Mexican side of the border fence .
River Bend Resort , a golf course and residence in Brownsville , Texas , sits between a gap in the existing fence . If the wall were completed , based on US regulations , it would bisect the property , according to owner Jeremy Barnard . Roughly 200 residents and 15 of the 18 golf holes would sit south of the border wall .
`` What is the government 's plan ? Are they going to come and buy out 200 people of their houses ? '' they said . `` There 's so much more to it than 'let 's just build a wall . ' ``
4 . Surveillance makes the barrier effective
Security experts say that border barriers are merely obstacles to would-be crossers unless they are watched . Former homeland security secretary Janet Napolitano famously remarked , `` You show me a 50-foot wall , and I 'll show you a 51-foot ladder . ''
Fencing is just one part of the effort by US Customs and Border Protection to secure the country 's borders . The number of Border Patrol officers has doubled in recent years . Checkpoints strategically line roads along the border . Where no fencing exists , cameras and sensors do .
Advertisement
Efforts to build a `` virtual fence '' to supplement the physical barrier have proven challenging . SBInet , an initiative to augment border patrol agents with advanced technology , struggled to meet deadlines and faced repeated technical problems before it was terminated in 2011 , according to a recent Congressional Research Service report .
5 . Migrants are determined and often have few options
Increased violence in some Central American countries has pushed migrants and asylum seekers to the US at a breakneck pace . Apprehensions of unaccompanied children from El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras have doubled in the last three years , according to Border Patrol figures .
UNHCR reported that asylum seekers from those three countries have increased fivefold since 2012 .
Ramon Reyes , a Guatemalan migrant in Reynosa , Mexico , recounted tragic stories of war , corruption and murder in their home country . They said they left because of the violence and a lack of jobs .
`` Look , my opinion about fences , about those obstacles they 're placing , is that , no . No matter how many barriers they may place , they wo n't stop us . ''
Photo Credit : Pop TV – Impact Wrestling/Anthem
Yesterday 's Impact Wrestling saw a double stomp from the top rope by Eddie Edwards to the vulnerable Davey Richards ' head facing downwards on a chair .
First off , hats off to both Wolves Eddie Edwards and Davey Richards for a terrific match , top notch . They put their bodies on the line in a multitude of high risk spots . Yet , nothing was comparable to the double stomp from the top rope delivered by Eddie Edwards . Davey Richards being willing to do the double stomp spot to the head while looking down , their head on a folding chair , shows just how much of trust they have in Edwards . Just think of how many things can go wrong in this spot . Richards has unbelievable bravery and faith in Edwards to take the chance .
The Double Stomp to End All Double Stomps
If a wrestler as much as miscalculates their landing ( meant for the chair not the head with Richards holding part of the chair in place ) and actually lands on the person 's head or neck with full force… You 're looking at a potential serious career ending injury or in the worst case scenario maybe even paralysis or death . You might recall Jim Cornette talking about wrestlers practically destroying their bodies with risky spots for fairly regional/minor promotions . Now , Impact Wrestling is the number # 2 or at worst # 3 wrestling company ( Ring of Honor ) in the US , although NJPW might be taking some of their thunder when they arrive in California later this year . It 's not a minor stage necessarily .
They have a respectable fan base and national televised show on Pop TV , but at the same time , it 's not Wrestlemania . We have to acknowledge this . Is it worth it to do such an ultra dangerous spot for an episode of Impact ? Edwards and Richards for sure thought so , and again they deserve praise for pulling it off perfectly and an excellent match .
Sure , wrestling is a high risk profession and the talents know this going in . Edwards is a professional and as you can see from this Twitter photo , hit the move on top of the chair perfectly while Richards held the chair still , shoulders pushed up . Giving the illusion Richards head was struck in the moment .
However , imagine a less professional , less agile wrestler than Edwards attempting this spot . It literally requires precision with barely any room for error . You might just end someone 's life if you 're just a bit off .
The WWE has banned the piledriver ( sans Undertaker ) following what happened to Austin years ago , and most recently the curb stomp preemptively . Now obviously things are different in the indies , in NJPW for example you 'll regularly see spinning piledrivers not even as the finishing move .
The Muscle Buster seems to have been phased out of Samoa Joe 's moveset and there 's no doubt the Tyson Kidd incident has something to do with it . Recently Seth Rollins has essentially gotten rid of the running power buckle bomb following what happened to Sting and later Finn Balor outside of the ring . Should every new high risk move be banned ? Of course not , done especially by the right professional talent like an Undertaker or AJ Styles ( Styles Clash ) you 're likely to see a move delievered perfectly safe and thrill fans .
At the same time , a double stomp like this from a top rope to another wrestler in a massively vulnerable state with their head between a folding chair… At least to the eyes looks massively dangerous . Maybe it 's all simply Wrestling magic to the untrained eye of a fan and not a worker . Yet , part of you ca n't help but cringe at what might have happened if everything did n't go exactly according to plan .
Kudos to Edwards and Richard for delivering an amazing match , this article is by no means a criticism . Richards has serious guts for taking this move . This piece is meant as discussion and concern for the safety for the talents we watch on TV every week . It 's just recently that X Division favorite DJZ got injured following a 450 splash , fainted , and was rushed into surgery . We as fans wan na be able to see all of you perform for years to come .
Follow us on Twitter for all your Indie Wrestling News @ IKnewYoudCome7
With the free agency period all but over in terms of impact players , all eyes now turn to the draft as NFL teams look to complete their rosters and get ready for the 2013 season . Our Seattle Seahawks currently have one of the best rosters in the NFL , but it is not complete . They still have needs that need to be filled .
Lets take a look at those needs :
Defensive Tackle – This was the # 1 positional need for the Seahawks before the start of free agency , and it remains so now . The Seahawks still have yet to replace or re-sign starter Alan Branch . All the pass rushers in the world ca n't replace one of the big uglies in middle of the defense . At least Michael Bennett can replace Jason Jones inside against the pass , but the team still needs a starter here .
Offensive Tackle – The Seahawks only have 3 offensive tackels on the roster , and one of those they 'd love to cut so some salary cap relief if they get the option to ( Breno Giacomini , who was mediocre ( at best ) as a starter in 2012 and have a bloated $ 3.5MM cap number ) . While they do n't need to draft a starter , getting one would help both in terms of roster talent and with the cap . I expect them to look at OT early in the draft if the right player is there .
Jan 13 , 2013 ; Atlanta , GA , USA ; Seattle Seahawks tight end Zach Miller ( 86 ) runs after a catch in the third quarter of the NFC divisional playoff game against the Atlanta Falcons at the Georgia Dome . The Falcons won 30-28 . Mandatory Credit : Daniel Shirey-USA TODAY Sports
Tight End – Zach Miller is an underappreciated talent at TE for the Seahawks , but behind them the roster is empty of players worthy of a roster spot on this team . ok , thats a bit of an exaggeration Anthony McCoy is a decent athlete that shows promise , but they need to be on the bench in case of an injury to another player , and not regularly on the field at this point . The Seahawks need to find a true # 2 TE in this draft , preferably one who can stretch the field and create matchup problems in the passing game .
Weak Side Linebacker – This need was reduced when the team announced that Cliff Avril will play some strong side LB . That will move KJ Wright over the weak side in those sub-packages . It also means that the true starting weak side linebacker will be on the field even less than before . That said , I still think it 's a need for the Seahawks . There 's no way the Seahawks will use Avril regularly in coverage , meaning they need players in place so they can run their base defense .
Wide Receiver – Getting Percy Harvin definitely helped at receiver , but the team is still only 4 deep at a position where teams like to have 5 or 6 . Plus , Golden Tate has just one year on their contract and will likely be allowed to walk next offseason . With this being one of the deepest draft classes in memory at receiver , the Seahawks can wait to mid to late rounds to draft a player , but they must draft a player .
Free Safety – The Seahawks need a true backup to Earl Thomas ; someone with the speed to play the single high safety roll should Thomas get hurt . If the Seahawks truly are going to make a run at the Super Bowl , then it will help to have depth at key positions , and few are more key in this defensive scheme than their single high safety .
Nickel Corner – I 've placed this down here at the bottom of the priority list , but I do n't believe the Seahawks need to acquire another player at corner despite the fact that many fans continue to insist that this is a major position of need . Walter Thurmond is dreadfully underappreciated by Seahawks fans , and will do outstanding in this roll . The team also has Jeremy Lane , who developed nicely last season and is more than ready to take on a bigger role in this defense . With Maxwell also on the roster as depth , the Seahawks are free to skip this position in the draft if they choose to .
Season 1 , Episode 20 : There but for the Grace of God
The SG-1 team walked through the Stargate onto the alien planet dubbed P3R-233 .
`` Well , this place is definitely alien , '' Colonel Jack O'Neil said , their long Special Forces career making them look more for threats than for the cultural or technological marvels that their teammates would be looking for . `` Sam , Daniel , why do n't we split up for no good reason ? You guys can check over there , Teal ' c and I will check over here . ''
`` With respect sir , the very sensibly pre-planned Stargate Exploration Protocols specify that the team should stay together , '' Sam said politely . They carefully did not roll them eyes .
`` Right . Thank you , captain , '' Jack said , voice heavy with snark . `` Lead on , then . ''
Before Sam could choose a direction , Teal ' c spoke . `` Colonel O'Neil , we need to leave this place immediately . ''
Jack glanced once at the strange monster-shaped piece of ironwork that Teal ' c was staring at , then turned for the Stargate . `` Right , let 's go . Daniel , dial us home . ''
Moments later , the team was back in Stargate Command on Earth . Jack waited until the wormhole was safely closed behind them , then turned to Teal ' c . `` Okay , what was that all about ? '' they demanded . `` I trusted your judgement because you 're a respected teammate and there was no reason not to do what you said and then ask questions once we were all safe . Now that we 're safely back in SGC , I 'm asking questions . ''
`` That sign was a Goa'uld marker , '' Teal ' c explained . `` It means 'stay away . ' It is placed on worlds where the Goa'uld have wiped out all life . The surface of that planet will be enormously radioactive . ''
`` Oh , '' Jack said . `` Good thing we left . Okay , everyone hit the showers . We 'll debrief in half an hour . ''
A few weeks later the Goa'uld showed up in their spaceships and killed everyone .
Wait , that was depressing . Let 's try a different Everett branch ...
`` That sign was a Goa'uld marker , '' Teal ' c explained . `` It means 'stay away . ' It is placed on worlds where the Goa'uld have wiped out all life . The surface of that planet will be enormously radioactive . ''
Sam waited a beat , but Teal ' c was finished talking . `` The surface will be radioactive ? '' they asked . `` The Geiger counter on the MALP was n't going off , so I 'm guessing that facility was well underground . It should be safe to go back . ''
`` There 's a Geiger counter on the MALP ? '' Jack said in surprise . `` Since when ? ''
Sam looked at them in barely-concealed disgust . `` Since always ? '' they said . `` That 's pretty much the point of the MALP robot that we send through the gate before we go to a new world for the first time ; the MALP tells us if the area immediately around the gate is safe . The video cameras tell us that there are no giant pits for us to fall into or people with guns to shoot us , the thermometers tell us that we wo n't instantly burst into flames or turn into popsicles , the air monitor tell us we wo n't suffocate from lack of oxygen or have our lungs melt from gaseous sulfuric acid , and the Geiger counter tells us that we wo n't suddenly grow a second head . ''
`` That was an excellent expository infodump about the MALP , Captain Carter , '' Teal ' c said with an approving nod .
`` Thanks , I practice , '' Sam said .
`` Personally , I 'm still trying to convince them to put a basic automated bio-lab on the MALPs , '' Daniel said . `` It would be good to know if the place is crawling with some disease that will kill us all . At the very least we should be going through in hazmat suits until we 're sure there is n't an airborne Neanderthal virus or something . ''
`` That is an excellent point , Daniel Jackson , '' Teal ' c said . `` I will get the suits . ''
~twenty minutes later~
`` Chevron seven , locked ! '' Walter said , redundantly as always . If the giant glowy light and movement of the seventh chevron had n't made it clear that it was locked , the kawoosh as the gate opened would have been a pretty good clue . Still , announcing what everyone could plainly see made them feel like they were contributing , so no one said anything .
The hazmat-suited SG-1 went through the gate and started exploring the facility .
`` Hey , guys , look at this , '' Daniel said . `` Some kind of weird mirror thing . I wonder what it does ? '' The others watched in interest as their resident mad social scientist stepped closer and ran their hands over the surface of the mirror ; a visible jolt of electricity passed over them and they vanished into thin air .
`` Jack ? '' Daniel said , looking around the suddenly empty room . No response came back . `` Sam ? Teal ' c ? Come on guys , this is n't funny . ''
Operating under the very sensibly pre-planned Stargate Exploration Protocols , Daniel called the others on the radio and , when they got no response , did a fast sweep of the area . The others were nowhere to be found , so they immediately retreated to the gate . Notifying SGC would let them bring backup in to help with the search , and would prevent them from being just another missing person .
Unfortunately , the moment they walked through into SGC they found that missing comrades were no longer their biggest problem .
`` Put your hands on your head ! '' the gate-room guards shouted , pointing guns at him . `` Who are you ? ! ''
`` What ? '' Daniel said , putting their hands on their head . `` I 'm Daniel Jackson . Is this a joke ? ''
It was n't a joke . Three minutes later they were in the briefing room under guard when Dr. Langford walked in .
`` Catherine , what are you doing here ? '' Daniel demanded in surprise . `` What 's going on ? ''
`` You know me ? '' Dr. Langford said in surprise .
`` Yes ! '' Daniel shouted , their frustration getting away from him . `` I 'm Daniel Jackson ! You brought me in to translate the cartouche in Egypt ! I helped build the Stargate program ! We 're friends , have been for a long time ! ''
Catherine frowned . `` I 've never met you before , '' they said . `` But , given that I 've seen duplicate SG-1 members made by crystalline intelligences and SG-1 's consciousnesses switched into robot bodies , I 'm prepared to believe that something strange is happening . Sit down and let 's figure it out . ''
With both parties working together like sane people it did n't take long .
`` I 'm in a parallel universe ? ! '' Daniel demanded . `` You mean a different Everett branch , so named for the Many-Worlds Interpretation of quantum mechanics as formulated by Hugh Everett in 1957 in which they stated that every decision , no matter how tiny , causes a variety of new realities to branch off , one for each possible outcome of the decision , thereby resulting in an infinite array of realities many of which are essentially identical but some of which might be radically different ? ''
`` Yes , exactly , '' Catherine said . `` Nice expository infodump about Everett branches , by the way . ''
`` Thanks , I practice , '' Daniel said .
`` What I 'm interested in is that you mentioned knowing the coordinates for Chulak , '' General Jack O'Neil said . `` Give them to me . If this Chulak is the home world of the Jaffa who are the soldiers of the Goa'uld aliens who are currently busy exterminating all life on Earth , then I want to send a nuclear bomb through and blow up all the Jaffa on Chulak before that Goa'uld ship that just killed the President gets here . ''
`` Nice expository infodump about the major aliens of this franchise , '' Catherine said .
`` Thanks , I practice , '' Jack said . `` Now , Daniel—coordinates ? I want to get the bomb rolling . ''
`` Well , you could , '' Daniel said . `` But would n't it be better to hold off on that ? There are n't actually very many people living near the Chulak gate , and they 're mostly just primitive non-combatant slaves . Most of them are family of the Jaffa who are invading us , so actually sending the bomb through will just piss off the invaders , but the threat of sending a bomb through would give you some negotiating leverage . Not a lot , though , since the guns on the Goa'uld spaceship are big enough to blow up the Stargate Command facility that we 're all sitting in , even though SGC is buried under Cheyenne mountain . ''
`` Nice expos— ''
`` Thank you , Catherine , '' Daniel said , waving them quiet .
`` Good point , Daniel , '' Jack said . `` Okay , well , we 're still evacuating people to the beta site , so we 'll focus on that instead of taking time out to send a bomb to kill a few people who are n't involved in the immediate invasion anyway ; that way we 'll save a lot more lives . And we can always bring a few bombs through to the beta site ; there 's a gate there , so we can still send one to Chulak later , once all of our people are safely evacuated . ''
`` Good idea , '' Daniel said . `` On that subject , I 'd really like to go home . Can you send me back to planet 233 ? Like Catherine said , that mirror is probably what sent me here ; maybe I can use it to get back . ''
`` I 'm sorry , Daniel , but we ca n't take the time out to open a wormhole to 233 , '' Jack said . `` We need to keep evacuating people to the beta site ASAP . ''
`` Wait , a minute ago you were going to take time out of the evacuation to send a bomb that would n't have done much good , '' Daniel said . `` Besides , if you open the gate to 233 your refugees can go there with me and then move on to the beta site from there after I 'm gone . If I 'm crazy then sending me to 233 does n't cost you anything but a few minutes , and if I 'm not crazy then you 'd be letting me save a billion and a half people . ''
`` Oh , good point , '' Jack said .
A quick trip to 233 , through the mirror , and back to home-dimension SGC later ...
`` Wow , you guys will never guess what just happened , '' Daniel said . `` Check out this video that I carefully made in the other Everett branch . It 's full of statements from other versions of people we know in order to prove what happened , and it also contains all the information they had on the upcoming Goa'uld attack so we know what to prepare for , as well as full records of all the planets they have visited in case we have n't visited some of them . ''
Andrew Cotto wonders why we are so enthralled by the “ tough is good ” male stereotype .
—
America has a macho problem . Too much of our culture is informed by the idea of manhood being defined by toughness . We love the idea of the bad ass as the good guy , doling out physical justice to those who have it coming . The archetypal American “ hero ” is often promoted through our narratives , particularly our film heroes . Just look at the trailer for the new Tom Cruise film , where the eponymous character of Jack Reacher , from the Lee Child novels , is brought to life . The trailer features a scene where Cruise as Trapper is in the middle of the street surrounded by a posse of apparent bad guys with bad intentions . Cool and collected , Trapper mocks and dismantles their foes with devastating force and ease . Talk about fiction . I imagine this scene is in the very beginning of the film , not part of the primary plot but merely a vehicle for characterization , though it dominates the trailer for a reason : Many men eat this shit up . Too many of them think Clint Eastwood is actually Dirty Harry ( based on their attempt to bully a chair that supposedly symbolized our sitting president , Eastwood might actually think he 's Dirty Harry , too ) .
This conflation of tough reality versus tough fantasy is dangerous . Wayne LaPierre , Executive Vice President and CEO of the National Rifle Association , openly advocates a solution to our fire arms problem with “ good guys with guns ” shooting the “ bad guys with guns. ” Such a reductive and ignorant purview should be the domain of children in the “ Bang ! Bang ! You 're dead ” world of youthful imagination . It should not be part of the rhetoric from the nation 's most powerful lobby . LaPierre is not alone . Too many of our public figures – those who seriously influence our culture , conversations , and laws – have a relationship with violence that is rooted in reductive fantasy . They are novelists , filmmakers , game developers and musicians . They are also radio personalities , politicians , activists and lobbyists . This is one of the rare moments where the traditionally liberal world of entertainment conspires ( unwittingly , I 'm certain ) with factions of the super conservative camps .
Do n't like ads ? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
It 's easy to sell this macho schlock to men because most of us are susceptible when it comes to the idea of toughness . Most of us are taught from an early age that tough is good . Tough is character . Tough is necessary . Being tough makes you a man . But the truth is that most of us in America never get within an arm 's length of real tough . Most of us are just too privileged to be exposed to the conditions which require mettle to survive . Good for us . And some of us appreciate this , but for many young men indoctrinated in the gospel of tough , not being tough leaves them feeling insecure as grown men . This insecurity often manifests in big talk from men with little guts . And many of these men covet power . These are the ones who publically grandstand but privately cower . Their inner impotence turns into outward anger . So some scared men howl belligerence into microphones ; and some seek office ; and some create fantasy narratives that glamorize violence ; and some are lobbyists for gun makers who refuse to budge from their obstinacy even when the “ Bang ! Bang ! You 're dead ” world of our children is no longer imaginary .
This macho problem is really about bullying . America is being bullied by a loud minority of cowardly men ( and some women who share their faux-tough stances ) . Look how those who lack courage dominate ( or attempt to dominate ) the conversation on guns , the environment , taxes , health care , censorship , immigration , entitlements , military spending , gay rights , abortion , terrorism , and religion . Look how they poison our progress with absurd stances and a refusal to consider compromise . The rest of us need to stand up for the greater good . We all have it in us , men and women . With our voices and our votes and our power as consumers , we can steer this country towards a more perfect/less preposterous union where toughness stands down to logic .
photo : Muscle Dominator / Flickr
Google currently has 72,053 employees . Earlier this week , one out of this 72,053 people expressed an opinion that many disagreed with . So , a large chunk of the female employee population decided to skip work and stay at home instead . As most of you guys already know , the writer of the “ controversial ” Google memo that argued among other things that men and women were biologically different , and some of these differences could account for why some fields of studies are dominated by a particular gender , has been fired .
Its worth noting that several scientists have responded to the memo by the Google employee ( Who themselves is a scientist with a PhD in biology from Harvard ) stating unanimously that almost every assertion they make in the memo is correct , or at least in line with current consensus among biological scientists . That still did n't stop Google from firing him , accusing them of “ advancing harmful gender stereotypes ” . Ironically , the memo also accused Google of being “ an ideological echo chamber ” . Way to prove them wrong , guys .
NPR talked to a former Google software engineer , who claimed that some female Google employees stayed home from work Monday because they were so upset over the memo . According to the engineer , the memo made them feel “ uncomfortable going back to work ” :
Google probably is n't liking all this backlash . They ca n't take all the blame for this one though , they probably just wanted to save face ; following the mass hysteria caused by the media 's deliberate misrepresentation of the contents of the memo . The first version of the memo that was published by Gizmodo omitted several charts and citations that supported the writer 's arguments . Here 's a link to the memo in its complete form
Viruses have a way of revealing our weaknesses — individually and collectively . Peter Piot , who co-discovered the Ebola virus in 1976 , once said that another virus , HIV , had exposed the fault lines in society . Ebola has done the same . North Americans only woke up to the Ebola crisis when it became clear that the virus would reach our shores . Physicians like me have known about Ebola for more than 30 years . We 've known for more than six months about the current crisis in West Africa that has taken the lives of almost 5,000 people . But we paid little attention until the virus was transmitted in one North American city , at which point there was an explosion of interest from the media , from policy-makers and the general public . Now the fear of Ebola is palpable .
Health workers in protective gear prepare to enter the house of a person suspected to have died of Ebola virus in Freetown , Sierra Leone , Tuesday , Oct. 21 . ( Michael Duff / AP )
At some level , we know that contributions to improve the health of people beyond our borders should be motivated by more than self-preservation . Ill health anywhere is a threat to wellness everywhere . Despite recent efforts to address a dearth of human resources for health , the countries most affected by the Ebola crisis have never known anything but precarious shortages of well-trained health professionals . The health workers who are available are valiantly facing this contagion in a severely underfunded public health system . There is little to be gained now by beating ourselves up over what good international neighbours should have been doing for the past generation . But let this be a wake-up call for the months ahead : wealthy nations like Canada can and must contribute to the acute crisis in West Africa as well as providing exemplary care if a case is confirmed in Canada . The doubling of Canada 's current financial commitment with an additional $ 30 million to the Ebola crisis is a positive development , but a small contribution relative to the tremendous need . We should ensure that this money is spent wisely by co-ordinating closely with the World Health Organization and other multilateral health partners . It is going to take a colossal effort of co-operation to halt the spread of this outbreak .
Article Continued Below
But our assistance must be more than simply reactive . If we had paid attention to the current crisis six months ago , there is good reason to believe that this disease would have spread more slowly . If we in the West had spent the last decade working with West African and international health partners to build capacity into health systems through public health training , medical education , and infrastructure improvements , then the virus may never have wreaked such havoc . Canadians have done this kind of work internationally — but not enough . For example , I have been involved in a successful collaboration between the University of Toronto and Addis Ababa University in Ethiopia to support post-graduate training for physicians . We need to invest in more programs like this that offer a high return on investment and can have a dramatic impact on health outcomes in less-resourced settings . In the next six months , international efforts will necessarily focus on treating the ill , halting viral transmission and comforting those who mourn . We will then move into a phase of rebuilding broken health systems . At that point , Canadians should resolve not to lose interest in these countries whose health systems are less well resourced than our own . There are smart , respectful and sustainable ways that Canadians can share knowledge and resources . The Ebola crisis has caused immeasurable suffering in West Africa . Our common humanity ought to inspire us to pay attention to a health crisis in another part of the globe regardless of how directly it may or may not affect us . Our shared destiny should compel us to help improve health of people well beyond our borders . An ounce of prevention is always better than a pound of cure — before the next crisis is upon us . Dr. Jane Philpott worked in West Africa for a decade in the 1990s . They are a family doctor in Markham and an assistant professor at the University of Toronto . They are the Liberal Party of Canada 's candidate in Markham-Stouffville .
On Sunday , the daily `` O Estado de São Paulo '' reported that Volkswagen was moving toward paying reparations in response to a suit against the company for allowing official persecution and torture of employees at its plant from the 1960s to 1980s . The newspaper cited an email reportedly from Manfred Grieger , who handles historical communications for Volkswagen and visited Brazil in October to meet with justice officials .
`` It was the beginning of a discussion on how to reach an agreement on that matter , '' Grieger wrote in the email , the newspaper reported on Sunday . `` One idea would be to develop a memorial with Brazilian institutions such as unions . ... We want to look at the pros and cons of the next steps to be taken . ''
Brazilian officials have focused on Volkswagen 's activities during the 1964-1985 military dictatorship . According to a complaint , VW allowed the arrest and torture of 12 former employees at its factory in Sao Bernardo do Campo , near São Paulo , and also placed dozens of people there on a blacklist .
In 2011 , Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff created the National Truth Commission to examine the history of murders and disappearances during the dictatorship , which assumed power with US support after overthrowing the left-wing president in 1964 .
'Evaluating the injustice '
`` O Estado de São Paulo '' reported that Justice Ministry officials could use reparation funds to build a memorial to victims or a museum dedicated to the abuses of the dictatorship . The newspaper reported that VW officials had already made an offer for reparations , but Grieger told the German news agency dpa that any such discussions would continue into 2016 .
`` We are evaluating the injustice that occurred at that time , '' they said , calling talks in October `` the beginning of a discussion about how to reach an agreement on this theme . ''
Testimony from former employees has backed up the claims of torture . `` They took me in handcuffs to the personnel department and there they started to torture me , '' Lucio Bellentani , a communist activist and former Volkswagen employee , told the news agency Agence France-Presse in September . Rights groups have demanded an investigation into what `` benefits the company received for its complicity with the regime . ''
The complaint comes amid a global scandal in which the German automaker has admitted to having equipped 11 million of its diesel cars with devices that can cheat air pollution tests .
mkg/cmk ( AFP , dpa )
This article is from the archive of our partner .
The CIA drone program sure feels like a war : unmanned aircraft incinerating thousands of terrorists we 're at war with , as well as some civilians . And if you look at the reach of the program — now that everyone seems to be looking at the reach of the program again — well , it 's nearly worldwide . American drone strikes have n't led to casualties near what the 20th century 's world wars caused , but it covers almost as much geography . A few years into the Iraq war , the Bush administration tried to coin the term Global War on Terror . It did n't stick , aside from a few conservative military blogs who faithfully deployed the clunky acronym GWOT . But if you put together all the reports about the American drone program since President Obama 's taken office — particularly in advance of John Brennan 's confirmation hearing on Thursday to become the next CIA chief — the breadth of the program is remarkable :
In our map , the dark red countries are the ones in which the U.S. has conducted airstrikes . Medium-red countries are places where the U.S. has bases from which it 's piloting the drones ( including the one in Saudi Arabia that was made public overnight ) . The light red countries are the ones where the U.S. has used drones for surveillance . The relative number of drone strikes is indicated by the size of the blue dots .
This headline appeared in a paper with enormous circulation : “ HIV positive man who was rejected on Grindr after bravely revealing their condition gives witty response that sweeps Facebook . ”
Grindr is ( they say ) an app that allows men with same-sex attraction to find partners for transient and potentially harmful sex-like acts . There is immediate astonishment that this newspaper is encouraging these activities that come before the realization that the man has a debilitating if not deadly disease , one which is passed on in just those activities the man is openly seeking . The summary :
* Tom Knight , 28 , from London was using the gay dating app Grindr
* They bravely revealed they were HIV positive to a prospective date
* The potential date replied : ‘ I 'm not ready for that kind of complication '
* Tom replied : ‘ Oh you still wear flared jeans… I 'm not sure I 'm ready for that kinda complication in my life '
What 's the worst sin the paper , and apparently a large chunk of Facebook , could identify ? That the second man seeking immoral acts wears flared jeans ? Or that this second man rejected unprotected sex-like activities with an HIV infected partner ? The paper said ( ellipsis original ) :
Tom [ the man with HIV ] , who has 526 followers , later revealed that the [ second ] man in question had responded again saying : ‘ Someone in your situation should be a bit more realistic . ' However with enough ammunition for another come back , they wrote : ‘ Well the good news is my HIV can be treated . Your fashion sense however… ' Friends were quick to post their messages of support . One wrote : ‘ Well done luvey ! x ' Another commented : ‘ Oh the life ! Love your reply ! ! ' Tom told the MailOnline : ‘ I was n't having a hissy fit because I got turned down for sex or anything of the sort .
The second man , the flared-jeans wearer , retained a notion that their health was important and was ridiculed for it . Tom said about their trolling , “ It is what it is . I am proud of who I am and what I 've done . I am by no means glamourising HIV or unprotected sex . I am simply living my life and doing my bit for a world I 'm part of . ”
He 's not glamourising it , they say , but he 's still seeking and engaging in unprotected sex-like activities . That 's “ doing their bit ” for the world .
This story was picked up on inter alia Buzzfeed . Their title ? “ This HIV-Positive Guy Gave The Perfect Slapdown To Someone Who Rejected Him On Grindr : ‘ Oh you have HIV…I 'm not ready for that kind of complication in my life , ' said the man on Grindr . BuzzFeed News spoke to Tom Knight about their awesome response . ”
Perfect slapdown . Awesome response .
In the story , Tom said , “ I saw a story the other day from the Evening Standard and they [ an HIV-positive man ] was saying , ‘ HIV is n't a problem , it 's the attitudes around it . ' ”
Throughout these articles , those with HIV are painted as harmless victims suffering unwarranted , unreasonable discrimination . Not only is their HIV not their fault , but if you refuse to engage in immoral acts with those who have HIV , it is you who is at fault . You are the one with the problem .
Let 's categorize . The number of folks who still hold , via natural law or tradition-based arguments , that same-sex acts are immoral , are no longer a majority , but they 're not terribly far from one either , despite media portraits . The media pounds its stretched skins to make it appear that more agree with them than actually do . That technique does win converts , so to speak .
Of the majority who hold , via desire-based or so-called libertarian arguments , that same-sex acts are moral , I think most still agree that purposely seeking same-sex acts with the risk of transmitting HIV is immoral . Such acts intentionally cause harm in others , which is the only libertarian no-no . Libertarians are weak on what defines “ harm ” , which is their weakness .
The media never tires of beating its drum , so it tries to show that even these libertarians are wrong , and that the true immorality is in rejecting the desires of the HIV positive . Judging by the wealth and nature of comments to the stories linked above , the media is winning its war .
HIV is just a disease , and what 's wrong with that , you bigot . If two consenting adults want to share it , what 's that to you ? How dare you deny somebody sexual access ? Have you do n't love ? Where 's Anthony Kennedy when you need him ?
I 've said this before , but we are rapidly approaching the state where the only perversion left will be holding the traditional position . In the near future , you will not be allowed , in polite company , to say same-sex acts are ( for instance ) disgusting , dangerous , or immoral . To be socially rewarded , you will have to announce that same-sex acts are good , even appealing . The most moral will not be the man who claims predominant same-sex attraction , but the heteronormative man who says they ( or their children ) would be willing ( or excited ? ) to “ experiment . ”
Now this is a verifiable predictive , dear reader . The only thing I 've left out is a date . Good question , that . Ten years ?
Bonus Pay attention to the bottom-right corner of a magazine featured in the Buzzfeed article . Who said having same-sex attraction had anything to do with sex ?
Update Did I say ten years ? “ The U.S. government says it will begin using the term ‘ sexual rights ' in discussions of human rights and global development . ”
Update Apropos to timing . “ Frito-Lay announced Thursday that for a limited time Doritos will come in rainbow colors to show support for the LGBT community . Sales will go to It Gets Better , a non-profit group started by the infamous anti-Christian bully and bigot Dan Savage . ”
Update One of the Buzzfeed comments caught my eye . It was by a man responding to a comment that the second man had a right not to be infected ( all sic ) .
Hello there you are right to a point but do you know how many married men gets on grindr and How many younger guys that do n't care if they get HIV . I know for a fact because I had plenty asking me to give them HIV to them . And Tom did n't ask for a date or a LTR or to get married .
Recall “ bug hunting ” or bugchasing , i.e . the intentional search for HIV infection . I had an email conversation with a long-time blog reader . It was painfully difficult for them to admit that this kind of behavior was immoral .
The tailored suits and fashionable denim found in every professional sports locker room are beginning to share space with a simpler material and garment : the terry cloth bathrobe . Only , this is n't the robe Tony Soprano wore when they waltzed down the driveway to pick up the morning newspaper in `` The Sopranos . '' This one comes with logos licensed by the NFL , NBA , MLB , NHL and 34 colleges .
SportRobe investor Matt Light models one of their customized products . Courtesy of Matt Light
SportRobe , which makes the robes ranging in price from $ 100 to $ 200 , has emerged as a popular choice not only with rabid sports fans but also among athletes .
New England Patriots left tackle Matt Light is one of the company 's chief fans , which they should be , given their role as a SportRobe investor . Light has initiated word-of-mouth marketing by wearing a Patriots robe , with their surname and No . 72 on the back , inside the team 's locker room at Gillette Stadium . Their teammates have taken notice .
`` One time I wore my robe , Chad [ Ochocinco ] was like , 'Oh man , I got a Bengals SportRobe , I love these things , ' '' said Light , a three-time Pro Bowler and one-time All-Pro , in a telephone interview . `` So we ended up getting them a Patriots one . ''
Light and SportRobe founder Matt Frost explained that athletes ranging from New York Jets quarterback Mark Sanchez to outfielder Johnny Damon , in their stints with the Detroit Tigers and Tampa Bay Rays , have bought robes for their teammates .
`` Light was instrumental in helping us get them into different NFL [ locker rooms ] , '' Frost said over the phone .
Light joined the company in 2009 , three years after Frost devised the idea for the product . Frost was vacationing in Orlando in August 2006 when they suddenly struck up an idea for a bathrobe jersey .
`` I went to my hotel room , threw on a bathrobe and watched SportsCenter , '' said Frost , who is in the entertainment industry . `` I thought how cool it would be if the bathrobe was of my favorite team with my name and number on the back . And I literally just started drawing it out . ''
To test their idea , Frost had several number and name patches stitched onto regular bathrobes at Gerry Cosby & Co. , a sporting goods store formerly in the lobby of Madison Square Garden which has since moved to a nearby location .
Building off that momentum , in 2007 Frost met and signed a deal with McArthur Towels to buy an allotment of robes and the licensing rights to use the New York Yankees ' logo on them .
`` I remember I wrote a check for $ 40,000 , '' Frost said . `` I was freaking out in my head , like , 'How am I going to make this work ? ' ''
The robes were successfully sold on consignment at Yankees team shops in New York City . In 2010 , WinCraft , which holds more than 300 licenses in the sports world , bought McArthur . That set the stage for SportRobe to purchase a wide range of licenses for terry cloth products .
Light came into the picture a year earlier . After witnessing Patriots wide receiver Wes Welker wearing a SportRobe in the locker room one day in '09 , a robe which Frost had sent Welker , Light discovered they had an indirect connection to the company . The brother of one of Light 's close friends is a friend of Frost and acted as Frost 's attorney in drawing up SportRobe 's operating agreement .
Light and Frost were introduced . Light was enamored with the company and presented various public relations and marketing ideas to Frost . Light also made a monetary investment in SportRobe , although they would n't reveal to what degree . `` More of my involvement is time [ spent ] , '' said Light , whose three NFL contracts since their rookie year have totaled more than $ 42 million , according to Spotrac.com .
`` I saw this as an opportunity to jump in with something that is unique and exciting , '' Light said of what drew them to SportRobe . `` You can differentiate from everything else yet be closely related to sports . ''
With just three weeks to go before polling day , the Republican presidential candidate is instead reportedly considering rolling out a range of measures on the economy this week . Mr McCain will target middle class voters , seeking to convince them that they can lead them out of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
After spending a week in a largely fruitless effort to hinder Mr Obama 's rise in the polls by attacking them on character issues , Mr McCain and their running mate Sarah Palin noticeably cooled their rhetoric over the weekend .
The tough approach coincided with increasingly inflamatory comments from Mr McCain 's supporters at Republican rallies . Recently the mention of Mr Obama 's name has been met with cries of of `` terrorist '' and `` kill him '' from the crowds .
Having earlier asked voters `` Who is Barack Obama ? '' and demanded that the full story be told about their association with the former domestic terrorist Bill Ayers , Mr McCain softened their tone at a rally in Davenport , Iowa , on Saturday .
`` Which candidate 's experience in government and in life makes them a more reliable leader for our country and commander in chief for our troops ? '' Mr McCain asked . `` In short : Who 's ready to lead ? ''
Australia is a huge continent , but most Australians live in a string of cities along its southeast coast . Two of them in particular , Sydney and Melbourne , account for nearly 40 percent of the country 's population . As a result , Australia has some of the highest housing costs in the world thanks to the strong demand for housing in those two cities . Yet their low densities ( roughly 350 persons per square mile in metro Sydney , for instance ) and highly segregated land uses make for long and frustrating commutes for many , despite the presence of robust mass transit networks in both cities .
A private company is proposing to fix those problems in a novel way : by building eight new cities inland from the coast and connecting them with Sydney , Melbourne and the national capital of Canberra with a new high-speed rail line .
The company , Consolidated Land and Rail Australia Pty . Ltd. ( CLARA ) , says that the new cities will be compact , walkable “ smart cities , ” with power from renewable sources , open data networks , mixed-use activity districts and local transport systems that would enable residents to live within 10 minutes of all their daily needs . And the housing , of course , will be affordable . CLARA formally announced its plan to the nation in early July .
Six of the cities would be located in the state of New South Wales , whose capital is Sydney , and the remaining two would be in Victoria , where Melbourne is the capital . A spur from the third city southwest from Sydney would serve the Australian Capital Territory , which surrounds Canberra , and a branch line from the fifth city would connect to two smaller inland cities , Wagga Wagga and Albury . The rail line , CLARA 's website says , would “ place citizens in our capitals in less time than a morning commute ” — commutes whose time would fall thanks to the redistribution of some of the population away from Sydney and Melbourne .
A promotional video produced by the company shows trains traveling at speeds up to 430 km/h ( 267 mph ) , a speed that three high-speed trains now in service match or surpass . “ HSR is the best available technology for the mass transit of people over the proposed distances in a timely and affordable manner , ” the CLARA website states , adding that it is also the best technology for promoting growth in Australia 's interior for the next century . CLARA is considering three possible technologies : superconducting magnetic levitation developed in Japan , France 's TGV technology and the high-speed rail technology now in use in China . The maglev train , the website states , would complete the trip from Sydney to Melbourne in an hour and 50 minutes .
The most novel aspect of the plan , however , is its financing . CLARA proposes to build the line entirely with private funds . A News.com.au report puts the total price tag at A $ 200 billion ( $ 150.6 billion U.S. ) ; the company proposes to pay this sum back to its lenders by capturing some of the increase in the value of the land surrounding the rail stations , with revenue from increases in land values above that point returning a profit to the investors , who are currently located in Australia and the United States . CLARA chairperson Nick Cleary told News.com.au that land the company purchased at $ A1000 ( $ 750 U.S. ) per lot could be sold for as much as A $ 150,000 ( $ 113,000 U.S. ) once the necessary infrastructure is in place .
As of now , CLARA has raised money from private sources that has allowed it to pay for A $ 10 million ( $ 7.5 million U.S. ) in advance planning work , including identifying the sites for the planned cities , and has secured some land deals for new city sites . Government assistance , CLARA chairperson Nick Cleary said , would take the form of securing the land needed for the rail corridors and planning the new cities .
The proposal has caught the imagination of both of Australia 's main political parties , with Liberal Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announcing their support for the plan in April . Two former Australian state premiers and a recently retired federal minister of trade sit on the company 's board .
The proposal , if it comes to fruition , would finally achieve a goal every Australian prime minister since Bob Hawke , elected in 1983 , has pursued and end the continent 's status as the only inhabited one without high-speed rail .
But what are the odds it will come to fruition ?
“ I do n't believe anything of this scale has been tried before , ” said Weiping Wu , professor of urban and environmental policy and planning at Tufts University . “ In concept , it could work , but the devil is in the implementation . ”
Most successful efforts at using value capture to fund mass transportation so far have taken place at a much smaller scale , they said . The best-known of these is Hong Kong , where the Mass Transit Railway has developed land around its stations and over its storage yards and collects rents from its properties that help pay for the operation and maintenance of the rapid transit network . Hong Kong is one of only a few cities worldwide where rail mass transit breaks even or turns an operating profit .
Hong Kong is also incredibly dense , and while it 's highly unlikely that the new inland cities CLARA proposes to build will have Hong Kong densities , they will be denser than those now existing , and another challenge would be convincing Australians they represent a better way of life . And there 's the question of how the existing cities the rail line will serve , such as Shepparton , outside Melbourne , might react to the prospect of value capture . “ How do you designate the increase [ in value ] in several different cities ? ” Wu asked . “ And the taxing authorities also vary . Australia is a federal country , and if you cross different states , you will have different tax rates . ”
That should n't be a problem for the new cities CLARA will build from the ground up , though . Their local governing authorities will arise along with the rest of the project . But it will still take time for the new cities to attract residents and businesses , which means that the chief obstacle to the plan 's success may be time . As the financing model will of necessity require borrowing on the financial markets to raise the funds for infrastructure construction , CLARA will need to find investors willing to take the extremely long view .
Nate Diaz will get a slap on the wrist for vaping at the UFC 202 post-fight press conference .
USADA is giving Diaz a public warning for admitted use of a prohibited substance , according to a release Thursday . Diaz could be seen vaping at the press conference Aug. 20 and they said the pen contained cannabidiol ( or CBD ) oil . There will be no suspension or further discipline .
CBD is a cannabinoid , one of 113 active cannabinoids identified in cannabis . All cannabinoids are banned in-competition by WADA . In-competition is considered the period beginning six hours before the weigh-in and six hours after the fight by the agency .
After an investigation , USADA concluded that Diaz mistakenly believed the in-competition period ended after their post-fight drug test , per the release . All of Diaz 's drug tests came back clean .
`` Based on these circumstances , USADA determined that a public warning was an appropriate response to Diaz 's use of a specified substance during the in-competition period , '' the release stated .
Diaz lost in the night 's main event to Conor McGregor by majority decision .
`` It 's CBD , '' Diaz said at the press conference . `` It helps with the healing process and inflammation , stuff like that . So you want to get these for before and after the fights , training . It 'll make your life a better place . ''
Cannabidiol has no psychoactive effects , like THC . It has fewer side effects and has been used to treat seizures and epilepsy .
28 April 2004 | george.schmidt
Portrait of superficiality
BEAUTIFUL ( 2000 ) * Minnie Driver , Joey Lauren Adams , Hallie Kate Eisenberg , Leslie Stefanson , Bridgette L. Wilson , Kathleen Turner , Ali Landry , Michael McKean . ( Dir : Sally Field ) I wish I could say something nice about Sally Field 's big screen directorial debut but through no fault of their own ( except accepting this god-awful comedy/drama to do just that ) the film is a complete disaster .
Mona ( Driver , who co-produced with their sister Kate ) is a white trash young woman desperately attempting to achieve their life-long desire of becoming a beauty contestant winner of the Miss America pageant and spends the entire length of their life ( and the film ) in doggedly determined to do just that .
Unfortunately during their quest they get pregnant and for reasons never fully explained ( except the given that they are extremely selfish ) has the child raised by their long-suffering best friend , Ruby ( Adams ) , a nurse in an old folks ' home , who stands by Mona through thick and thin . Gradually little Vanessa ( Eisenberg , the moppet from those Pepsi commercials ) , begins to put two and two together and when Ruby is suddenly thrown in jail ( for murder ! Yes the plotting is ridiculous ; seems one of their charges was saving up on their daily meds and finally overdosed unbeknownst to Ruby ) Mona is faced with their greatest challenge : facing their daughter .
The film has not one shred of grace or subtlety . For example , with Vanessa as their new hurdle to overcome , what does Mona do . Get a lawyer , get a job , feed the tyke ? No . They get a camera and has the girl take candids of them for the upcoming big event and in one of the many cringe worthy moments finds themselves assisting a pregnant woman 's delivery in a supermarket , singing 'Wind Beneath My Wings ' ( ! ) The tone of the character is so mean-spirited that ultimately you do n't care one iota if they succeed in becoming a winner ( she is so obsessed with this that nothing else matters in their life ) and I actually loathed them for their displays of self-absorption and greed .
It was sickening and by the film 's outrageous conclusion that Mona sees the errors of their way totally rings false and feels superfluous to the rest of the film .
Field , who obviously is one of our most talented actores , should deserve better projects and one can only hope they will . As for Driver , another equally gifted actor , they had better get it into their head that there is no audience for a character that has no scruples , heart or affection for another character . If this was meant to be a black comedy then it completely misses the mark altogether .
Donna Brazile , a veteran Democratic strategist and former interim chair of the Democratic National Committee , has come under intense fire in the wake of their explosive claims that former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton—and their deep pockets—unethically influenced the 2016 primary election against Senator Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) .
According to an excerpt from Brazile 's forthcoming book , Hacks : The Inside Story of the Break-ins and Breakdowns That Put Donald Trump in the White House , published in Politico , Clinton entered into a shadowy agreement with the DNC that gave HRC 's campaign unprecedented influence over not just DNC election strategy and finances but also its communications department , in exchange for keeping the cash-strapped party from collapsing .
Read an excerpt from Brazile 's book below :
When I got back from a vacation in Martha 's Vineyard , I at last found the document that described it all : the Joint Fund-Raising Agreement between the DNC , the Hillary Victory Fund and Hillary for America . The agreement—signed by Amy Dacey , the former CEO of the DNC , and Robby Mook with a copy to Marc Elias—specified that in exchange for raising money and investing in the DNC , Hillary would control the party 's finances , strategy and all the money raised . Them campaign had the right of refusal of who would be the party communications director , and it would make final decisions on all the other staff . The DNC also was required to consult with the campaign about all other staffing , budgeting , data , analytics and mailings .
I had been wondering why it was that I could n't write a press release without passing it by [ Clinton 's headquarters in ] Brooklyn [ New York ] . Well , here was the answer .
Advertisement
Brazile writes that they were shocked to discover that Politico 's previous claim that the DNC had been “ essentially money laundering ” for Clinton through extravagant state fundraisers was not so far off the mark .
The funding arrangement with HFA and the victory fund agreement was not illegal , but it sure looked unethical . If the fight had been fair , one campaign would not have control of the party before the voters had decided which one they wanted to lead . This was not a criminal act , but as I saw it , it compromised the party 's integrity .
Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D-Mass . ) took it a step further . When CNN 's Jake Tapper asked Warren on Thursday if they believed that the primary election had been rigged against Sanders , they simply responded , “ Yes . ”
Advertisement
Clinton supporters touting the fact that the joint-fundraising agreement between the Clinton campaign and the DNC was reported in 2015 have dedicated themselves to the most disingenuous reading of this situation as possible . Despite NPR posting the entire text of the memorandum—which supplemented the standard joint-fundraising agreement that Sanders signed as well , Clinton supporters continue to claim that Brazile is a liar . They may very well be , but not about this .
They claim that any critique of the arrangement is driven by politically illiterate pure-mongers with a so-called far-leftist agenda—or people who believe that Fox News is anything other than white supremacist propaganda .
Advertisement
https : //www.theroot.com/hillary-clinton-rigged-the-race-against-bernie-sanders-1820087834
Some have decided to wallow in semantics and gaslighting , insisting that the primary could not have been “ rigged ” because Sanders had the same opportunity to raise money for the Democratic Party as Clinton and chose not to do so . These people conveniently hopscotch over the reality that Sanders did not have internal party support , nor wealthy donors from Hollywood to Wall Street . Instead , they depended primarily on small donations from individual donors , effectively circumventing the established system and shocking the Democratic Party .
The problem here is not that the arrangement was illegal , but that it was completely legal .
Advertisement
Clinton , on the other hand , through the 2015 memorandum signed in addition to the joint-fundraising agreement , allegedly raised money “ for the party ” to be used in the general election to support whomever the candidate might be , but the lion 's share of those funds were rerouted directly to their campaign .
Politico reported in 2016 :
The victory fund has transferred $ 3.8 million to the state parties , but almost all of that cash ( $ 3.3 million , or 88 percent ) was quickly transferred to the DNC , usually within a day or two , by the Clinton staffer who controls the committee , POLITICO 's analysis of the FEC records found . By contrast , the victory fund has transferred $ 15.4 million to Clinton 's campaign and $ 5.7 million to the DNC , which will work closely with Clinton 's campaign if and when they become the party 's nominee . And most of the $ 23.3 million spent directly by the victory fund has gone toward expenses that appear to have directly benefited Clinton 's campaign , including $ 2.8 million for “ salary and overhead ” and $ 8.6 million for web advertising that mostly looks indistinguishable from Clinton campaign ads and that has helped Clinton build a network of small donors who will be critical in a general election expected to cost each side well in excess of $ 1 billion .
Advertisement
Brazile claims in their book that they did n't want to believe the stranglehold that Clinton had over the DNC , but they could no longer deny it once the evidence was staring them in the face .
“ The day that Donna discovered this , they called me and I almost passed out , ” Ray Buckley , the chairperson of New Hampshire 's Democratic Party , told the Chicago Tribune of that moment in 2016 . “ We were blatantly misled . ”
In the wake of Brazile 's political maelstrom , liberals who once exalted the Clinton ally are now labeling them a dishonest , opportunist book peddler with self-serving motives—i.e. , book sales . The charges against Brazile are valid—let 's be clear on that—and worthy of examination .
Advertisement
Once Brazile became the ceremonial sacrifice on the altar of political corruption after being caught feeding Clinton debate questions during the primary race against Sanders , they showed none of this newly revealed turmoil that they expect observers to buy into like 6-year-olds with no knowledge of how corrupt politics work . Previously , when their collusion with the Clinton campaign was exposed , they insisted : “ My conscience—as an activist , as a strategist—my conscience is very clear . ... If I had to do it all over again , I would know a hell of a lot more about cybersecurity . ”
This is what democracy hypocrisy looks like .
Advertisement
What Brazile meant was that they would know next time to hide their dirt better—and Clinton supporters were fine with that because Brazile was playing the game as they were expected to play it . After all , who did Bernie Sanders think they are—a Democrat ? According to Clinton supporters , it was foolish to expect the Democratic Party to show the same support for an independent who , despite caucusing with Democrats , would always be considered an interloper .
Brazile laughed off their willing participation in the rigged debate as commonplace political gamesmanship—hey , that 's just the way it is . Now , though , we 're supposed to believe that when they discovered the shockingly unethical nature of the agreement between Clinton and the DNC , they were swimming in tortured emotions . That they were so distraught as they “ centered ” themselves to “ call Bernie ” that they had to light candles , listen to gospel music and pray that Jesus would take the wheel .
Completely innocent and ethical Donna from New Orleans was shocked by the murky depths of the swamp . That 's what we 're supposed to believe .
In their book excerpt , Brazile manages to cast blame on the Clinton campaign , former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the DNC leadership and former President Barack Obama , who apparently “ neglected ” the party , borrowed too much money and paid it back too slowly .
Advertisement
I have n't had the opportunity to read Brazile 's book , but I do wonder if she , in their newfound allegiance to truth and transparency , takes any semblance of responsibility for their own unethical actions in any of the chapters .
I 'm lying . I do n't wonder . The answer is most certainly no .
A rigged system does not ensure that those in power win each time ; it ensures that the status quo remains the same .
Clearly , whatever Brazile was promised or expecting for playing ball did n't pan out . Clinton supporters may pretend that false outrage and facts are mutually exclusive , but we know that 's far from the truth . Brazile may have self-serving reasons for coming forward now—including , but not limited to , book sales and getting in where they fit among the growing contingent of progressive black women who realize that the Democratic Party is failing them . Brazile is smart enough to want to catch the wave .
Advertisement
http : //www.theroot.com/more-black-women-are-realizing-that-the-democratic-part-1818650231
That does n't mean , however , that politics is n't dirty or that the electoral system is n't rigged—voter suppression and gerrymandering already tell us that it is . The deal between Clinton and the DNC is simply political manipulation at its most insidious . If someone is invested in one candidate over the other , they will intentionally not see that or pretend that they do n't .
So for Clinton supporters who vacillate between claiming they have done no wrong and is only viciously maligned because she 's a woman to cheering their ability to play the game as dirty as any man : Let 's play a game .
Advertisement
Let 's imagine for one moment that Sanders was the one with flush pockets . Let 's say the DNC came to them for a handout to save it from itself and its futile quest to usher white supremacists with hearts of sparkling coal dust into the Democratic Party fold . Let 's say Sanders agreed to share the wealth and , in return , they were allowed to control strategy and spending of the supposedly impartial party apparatus to the point where even press releases did n't go out without their camp 's approval .
Unless Donna Brazile is a bold-faced liar—which so many Clinton supporters are now saying they are—this is how it went down between Clinton and the DNC .
If that had happened , Clinton supporters would be calling for investigations and congressional hearings . Russia ? What Russia ? There would be rallies and marches . There would be charges of misogyny and collusion and unethical behavior . It would be a pink-pussy-hat extravaganza of extreme order .
Advertisement
Instead ? Clinton supporters are frantically insisting that all but the most politically immature observers know that “ this is how the system works ” and there 's nothing to see here .
And you know what ? They 're right . This is exactly how the system works . What Clinton and the DNC did by entering into their arrangement was not illegal . We all know that what is legal is often in direct conflict with what is just , fair and transparent . No , the problem here is not that the arrangement was illegal , but that it was completely legal .
We should ask ourselves why that is and whom exactly does it benefit .
Hillary Clinton is a sharp , skilled politician who knows the fine art of plausible deniability . Them supporters are quick to laud them experience , their deftness in navigating male-dominated waters and their tactical superiority . They saw an opportunity to tilt the scales in their favor and they did . They paid to play , and the Democratic Party mortgaged its already dubious claims of impartiality in exchange for money and connections . That is how the game is played . And for self-proclaimed pragmatic liberals to claim ignorance now is laughable .
Advertisement
A rigged system does not ensure that those in power win each time ; it ensures that the status quo remains the same .
Just as the truth of white supremacist police forces does not mean that every black child will be lynched by killers with badges ; just as the truth that an education system that institutionalizes and criminalizes black and brown students to protect white power will not succeed in killing the intellectual fire in all black and brown students ; just as the truth of mass incarceration does not mean that every single black person who lives in occupied communities will find themselves behind bars—a political system rigged in favor of corporate cronyism , capitalism , patriarchy and white supremacy is still a system rigged in favor or corporate cronyism , capitalism , patriarchy and white supremacy , whether it succeeds in its mission in each instance or not .
This is not merely about Hillary Clinton winning the primary , or at least it should n't be . Bernie Sanders , who has continually shown their ingrained instincts to “ other ” black and brown people , is not a white savior . If they had won the primary and gone on to win the general election , it would n't have been simply because their populist message resonated so deeply among both millennials and people of color who understand that you ca n't have capitalism without racism . It would n't have been because they were once adjacent to the civil rights movement . Sanders ' ability to make the so-called white working class comfortable in a way that Hillary Clinton could not is what would have given them the edge in swing states they lost .
http : //www.theroot.com/white-working-class-narrative-is-nothing-but-a-racist-1790857771
Advertisement
That kind of negotiation with white supremacy should rightfully be placed under a microscope . It is why a political duopoly will never be in the best interests of freedom and liberation . The game is rigged no matter who is on the board , and it always has been .
Clinton knows it .
Sanders knows it .
The DNC and the RNC know it .
Trump knows it .
And if political cheerleaders would put down the pom-poms for their favorites , they would admit that they know it , too . It is simply a matter of whom it chooses to favor and what deal ( s ) with the devil ( s ) had to transpire for it to be so .
Advertisement
I know this much to be true : Instead of doubling down on duplicity , the Democratic Party better have a real reckoning—and soon . Refusing to indict a system that 's guilty as hell just to score political points means that we all lose , just as Dems will lose again in 2020 if they keep insulting the intelligence and doubting the determination of the people they claim to serve .
Count on it .
Loading ... Loading ...
Ever since the election , the mainstream media has been dead set on dismantling the Trump administration . Their most popular tactic ? Repeatedly slinging the accusation that Trump and anyone who supports him , are in fact Russian agents , or are at least aligned with the Kremlin . It 's so bad at this point that mainstream news columnists are starting to sound an awful lot like McCarthy era fear mongers .
That 's why it was so satisfying to watch Tucker Carlson eviscerate Washington Post columnist Erik Wemple last night . WaPo has repeatedly accused Trump and the alternative news media outlets who helped elect him , of working for the Russian government . And in typical Tucker fashion , they waste no time revealing the reason why Wemple and WaPo are massive hypocrites for doing that . You definitely do n't want to miss this :
Contributed by Daniel Lang of The Daily Sheeple
Editor 's Note : It should be pointed out , that as much we love to see fraudulent groups such as the Washington Post get exposed as the manipulators they are , the manner in which Carlson is conducting that interview , is inappropriate , no matter whose side you 're on . Those who are on Carlson 's side will no doubt laugh and only choose to see how they are calling out their lies , while ignoring the belittling talk-show-type demeanor ( which is unprofessional regardless of who the interviewee may be ) , while those still caught up in the mainstream media new-cycle will be appalled at the lack of professionalism and decorum . Now even though Fox News is doing its best to continually frame itself as outside the mainstream , this is still the same old game , only adapted to embrace the shifting perceptions of the average American . We can hold out hope that Fox News truly is turning a new leaf , however unlikely , but what this country needs more than ever , is simple honest , and truthful journalism . Leave the theatrics and games at the door Carlson , but you 're headed in the right direction .
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World .
A new study claims to have evidence that people with a taste for coffee are more likely to be psychopaths . According to Yahoo , `` Psychology researchers at Innsbruck University in Austria found that people who expressed a preference for bitter tastes ( like coffee ) were more likely to be vain , sadistic and enjoy manipulating and hurting others . ''
The researchers surveyed nearly 1,000 people for the study ( PDF warning ) , split into two groups : students and prison inmates . The groups self-reported on their taste preferences and also completed personality questionnaires . The researchers claim that the recently published study `` provide [ s ] the first empirical evidence for the hypothesis that bitter taste preferences are linked to malevolent personality traits , '' particularly `` everyday sadism and psychopathy . '' There , now you know why your evil boss likes black coffee so much .
The researchers also included other items like tonic water , radishes , and celery in their grouping of bitter foods , so it 's probably time to start pre-screening your Tinder dates for their cocktail and vegetable preferences . Recently , another study revealed that toddlers in Boston drink a surprising amount of coffee , so what does that say about the state of America 's youth ?
One reason why Bernie Ecclestone feels so ideologically wedded to Donald Trump lies in their shared devotion to the 'art of the deal ' - even if the US president-elect owes the intellectual copyright for that concept , as with much else , to their ghostwriter . Deals are their elixir , their power-sustaining joy , often to the exclusion of any long-term thinking .
Ecclestone , indubitably , is the most prolific deal-maker in the history of professional sport , having signed contracts worth $ 25 billion AUD over their career . But it is time to ask whether Formula One , the empire that the 86-year-old has moulded into a one-man gerontocracy , is merely a castle built on sand .
By degrees , the fabric of the sport is fraying . From 2018 , the Malaysia Grand Prix will disappear , the country 's government having decided that it provides an inadequate return on a $ 91 million-a-year investment . Moneyed Singapore could soon follow suit . Before long , the only places prepared to bankroll these races will be Middle East plutocracies or despotic regimes , rather like Ilham Aliyev 's Azerbaijan , desperate for a fig-leaf of legitimacy from fast cars .
Often , for such a sophisticated enterprise , it is ineptly marketed . In the British Grand Prix , it has the best attended event on Britain 's sporting calendar , attracting up to 140,000 on race day . And yet outside Silverstone , it can be difficult to discern that it is even happening . It is testament to the deficiencies of the sport 's wider promotion that the National Football League makes a louder noise out of regular-season gridiron games , creating a miniature Mardi Gras on Regent Street , than F1 can manage with its greatest cash cow .
A fungal pathogen is causing an epidemic of `` sudden oak death '' in California . Researchers studying the invasive disease say its continued spread is inevitable . ( Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post )
Healthy forests are especially important at a time of climate change — they 're an incredible tool to remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere . Dead forests , on the other hand , can light the spark for wildfires , which are already showing a long-predicted uptick in activity .
In California 's coastal forests , health is anything but good . Since 1995 , a pathogen that causes a phenomenon dubbed ‘ sudden oak death ' ( a far catchier name than that of the pathogen itself , Phytophthora ramorum ) has taken out millions of oak and tanoak trees , particularly along the coast extending northward from Monterey County . That includes areas of Marin County , Sonoma County and Big Sur .
The pathogen is a water mold that affects different trees differently , and not all are susceptible . It will tear through a forest and kill some trees while leaving others standing .
But in some trees , the pathogen causes tree trunks to crack open a ‘ canker ' and literally bleed out sap . The disease is actually related to the pathogen that caused the Irish potato famine in the 1800s .
“ Millions of acres of land have been affected in coastal California , ” says Richard Cobb , a postdoc at the University of California , Davis , who studies the disease . “ It spreads via wind and rain , and it 's made some really big jumps to different parts of the state and into Oregon . It probably spread into California via the nursery trade . And it has been moved around the country a lot , also within the nursery trade . ”
Unfortunately , new research on this invasive disease , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Monday by Cobb and a group of colleagues , finds that while there may once have been a chance to stop the spread of sudden oak death — around the year 2002 — that opportunity has since passed . Forces did n't mobilize fast enough or spend enough money , and the disease model employed in the new research ( a model not so dissimilar from those used to study how various diseases can spread among humans ) suggests continual spread of the disease .
HANDOUT PHOTO : Lesions on a Shepherd 's Crook Tanoak twig . Symptomatic California bay laurel leaves generally precede oak and tanoak ( pictured ) infections , and are often the first sign that Sudden Oak Death is in a location.This is on the North coast of California , where disease is still fairly active as they really have n't suffered much from drought . Sudden Oak Death is a tree disease caused by the plant pathogen Phytophthora ramorum . ( Photo by Brendan Twieg , UCCE Humboldt and Del Norte Counties )
“ Slowing the spread of P. ramorum is now not possible , and has been impossible for a number of years , ” the study states bluntly . The research was led by Nik Cunniffe of the University of Cambridge , in collaboration with researchers from the University of California , Davis and North Carolina State University .
To stop sudden oak death , you have to go in and remove infected trees across a large area . And there 's so much pathogen mass now in California forests that the model finds that it will just spread , and spread . As pathogen biomass increases , says Cobb , “ the rates of spread accelerate , and so does cost . ”
More specifically , the study found that unchecked , sudden oak death will grow to affect close to ten times the current area — from around 1,550 square kilometers today to 14,000 square kilometers by 2030 . But it also found that an attempt to manage the problem by removing infected trees over 200 square kilometers annually , at a cost of $ 100 million , would make little dent in this spread .
Simply put , the disease is now in a “ phase 3 ” epidemiological state , the study says , in which “ the pathogen has spread far enough that eradication is no longer possible ; local containment may still be an option . ”
“ Our analyses show that statewide action to eradicate or even slow the spread of [ the pathogen ] is no longer feasible , even with a substantial budget , indicating that the epidemic in CA is now firmly in phase 3 , ” the study continues .
Granted , it 's not like stopping the disease in 2002 would have been easy . “ It would have taken unprecedented cooperation , and an unprecedented amount of funding , ” says Cobb . “ This would have been extremely difficult and there would be some tough questions about whether it would be worth , even then , such a huge investment. ” They suggest the cost could have been $ 60 million per year , for many years .
Instead , though , California must now live with the impacts of the disease . They include forest areas filled with dead trees that are a fire risk — and a risk not only of burning themselves , but also carrying fire to other trees that are still living and did not get infected with the pathogen , Cobb says .
The disease also threatens forest carbon sequestration in the state — and thus could undermine California 's ambitious climate goals . It most severely damages tanoak — an evergreen tree with “ flowers like the chestnut and acorns like the oak , ” according to the U.S. Forest Service — that plays many key ecological , economic and cultural roles .
“ Many wildlife species cache tanoak acorns for later consumption , including acorn woodpeckers ( Melanerpes formicivorus ) , Stellar 's jays ( Cyanocitta stelleri ) and at least four species of squirrels , ” notes a recent study of the consequences of such severe damages to tanoaks in California . Tanoak acorns are also a traditional food source for Native American communities in California .
Cobb emphasizes that just because the disease can not be eradicated or stopped does not mean that it should not be managed or contained , because forest managers and state agencies can still make a difference in key areas .
More generally , the sweeping disease underscores just how disruptive and unpredictable invasive species threats can be — from the mosquitoes that carry Zika to plant pathogens — at a time of unprecedented global trade and travel , combined with climate change .
“ It was known as this minor pathogen of Rhododendron in the Netherlands prior to arrival in California , ” says Cobb . “ Given the state of knowledge about the thing , there is nothing where you would have said , ‘ oh , this is going to be a problem in California oak forests . ' We 're constantly caught off guard by these things , they seem to frequently behave in ways that we do n't anticipate . ”
Correction : This article previously referred to the pathogen that causes sudden oak death , Phytophthora ramorum , as a fungus . While it could be described as resembling a fungus , the pathogen is actually a water mold , or oomycete .
Read more at Energy & Environment :
Why we 're still so confused about methane 's role in global warming
This key psychological factor could explain why you care about the environment
Dominoes fall : Vanishing Arctic ice shifts jet stream , which melts Greenland 's glaciers
For more , you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here , and follow us on Twitter here .
PM Tony Abbott visits NSW fire-affected area , announces $ 1,000 payments for victims
Updated
The Federal Government is providing relief payments of up to $ 1,000 to help people in the aftermath of the New South Wales bushfires .
Prime Minister Tony Abbott visited one of the worst-affected fire grounds to make the announcement .
Mr Abbott arrived in Winmalee , in the lower Blue Mountains this afternoon , delivering a message of thanks to firefighters and volunteers .
`` How proud we are of the thousands of volunteers and full-time professionals who are out there keeping our community safe on a difficult day , '' they said .
A 63-year-old man died yesterday afternoon while defending their home on the Central Coast , while a number of people are being treated for serious fire-related injuries .
Mr Abbott gave their condolences to those undergoing difficult times because of the fire .
`` I just want to say how sorry we are , on behalf of the people and the Parliament of Australia , for the heartache which so many hundreds of people in NSW are currently dealing with . ''
The Federal Government has released financial assistance of $ 1,000 per adult and $ 400 per child through the Disaster Recovery Payment .
Mr Abbott says it will help people who 've lost homes or suffered damage .
Those affected by the fires are also able to access emergency food , clothing and accommodation .
The Opposition Leader Bill Shorten has paid tribute to the work being done by emergency services .
They say they also feel for the NSW police who will now undertake the `` terrible '' job of `` ascertaining which houses have been destroyed and indeed if there was anyone left in those houses '' .
Anyone affected by the fires and seeking support from Centrelink should call 180 22 66 .
Topics : fires , disasters-and-accidents , health , federal-government , emergency-incidents , nsw
First posted
In my previous article , How not to get desperate with MVVM implementation , we learned the Model-View-ViewModel ( MVVM ) architecture and saw how to create a simple gallery app by using it . With the help of the MVVM , we separate the business logic and presentational logic from the view logic . The separation of concerns ( SoC ) makes writing unit tests easier than ever . Even though the idea of the MVVM is simple , writing unit tests for its various use cases is still worth mentioning . So in this article , we will step further and learn how to brew unit tests for MVVM .
In short , I will cover two techniques :
How to design a mock to simulate different network states .
How to use stubs to test user interaction .
Let 's start with the gallery app we crafted in my previous guide , mentioned above .
A simple gallery app
To recall , the simple gallery app has the following functionalities :
The app fetches popular photos from 500px API and lists photos in a UITableView . Each cell in the table view shows a title , a description and the created date of a photo .
The first screen in the app is called PhotoListViewController , the data flow is depicted in this figure :
The APIService takes the responsibility of the network layer , such as setting up the URL , sending the request , etc . The PhotoListViewModel asks the APIService for photo objects and provides the presentational interfaces for the PhotoListViewController . The PhotoListViewController is a simple View , rendering the visible element according to the data presented by the PhotoListViewModel .
Here are some use cases that we are going to test in this article :
The PhotoListViewModel should fetch data from the APIService . The PhotoListViewModel should display an error message if the request failed .
The PhotoListViewModel should allow the segue to the detail page if a user presses on a “ for sale ” photo .
MVVM and Dependency Injection
Here 's part of the implementation of the PhotoListViewModel :
We use a technique named dependency injection ( DI ) to design our PhotoListViewModel . The property , apiService , is a dependency of the PhotoListViewModal . The apiService takes care of all networking things and provide a handful interface for the PhotoListViewModel to get returned data . The most important thing is , it can be assigned by all objects conforming the APIServiceProtocol .
In the production environment we assign an APIService object , which connects to a real server , to the PhotoListViewModel . On the other hand , in the test environment , we inject a mock APIService object instead . The mock APIService ( MockAPIService ) object does n't connect to the real server , it 's an object designed only for the test . Both APIService and MockAPIService conform the protocol , APIServiceProtocol , so that we are able to inject different dependency in different situation .
If you 're not familiar with the idea of dependency injection , feel free to check my article : The complete guide to Network Unit Testing in Swift : )
The following figure shows the relationship between the PhotoListViewModel and its dependency :
The idea of injection will be more clear in the setUp ( ) and the tearDown ( ) code snippets below . We initialize the PhotoListViewModel with an APIService object , but we use a MockAPIService object instead in the test environment :
In the following section , we are going to see how to design the MockAPIService to simulate a different situation for all test cases .
Behavior test
Our first use case is :
The PhotoListViewModel should fetch data from the APIService .
That is , we want to check if the PhotoListViewModel really requests data from the APIService .
Here 's the implementation of the mock :
In order to be injected into the PhotoListViewModel , the mock should conform the APIServiceProtocol protocol . So we create the required method , fetchPopularPhoto ( complete : ) to conform the protocol . Now we want to make sure if the PhotoListViewModel called the fetchPopularPhoto ( complete : ) method to fetch the data , so we create a property , isFetchPopularPhotoCalled , in the MockAPIService . Remember that the apiService property is a MockAPIService object in a test environment ? The isFetchPopularPhotoCalled will be set to true if the mock function fetchPopularPhoto ( complete : ) is called by the PhotoListViewModel .
Here 's is the code for our first test :
This is a simple test case . The sut ( SUT , System Under Test ) is a PhotoListViewModel instance . The code snippet shows that when the PhotoListViewModel fetches data , we check if it called the fetchPopularPhoto ( complete : ) method . By using this technique , we are able to check if PhotoListViewModel calls specified methods for the dependency injection . In other words , we successfully test the behavior of our ViewModel .
Success or Failure ?
In addition to the behavior test , we also want to see if the PhotoListViewModel correctly handles networking states . By using the DI technique , we are able to simulate the success and failure networking states by changing the response of the MockAPIService . In this section , we are going to see how to change the response state of the MockAPIService . Let 's check the second use case as in the example below :
The PhotoListViewModel should display an error message if the request failed .
According to the use case , we write the following test code :
The error object represents the given condition of this test case : the request will fail due to a permission issue . After setting up the given condition , we call sut.initFetch ( ) to start fetching data . Then here 's a trick : we ask the mock to fail the request by calling the fetchFail ( error : ) function . Finally , we assert the alert message of the PhotoListViewModel to see if it handles the error correctly .
So , how to design the MockAPIService ? Let 's go back to the implementation of the PhotoListViewModel.initFetch ( ) ：
The initFetch ( ) triggers the apiService.fetchPopularPhoto ( complete : ) , assigns a callback closure , and waits for the apiService to call the callback closure . The callback closure is the key ! . If we want to simulate a failed request , we can trigger that closure with an error in the MockAPIService . This is the implementation of the MockAPIService :
In the code snippet , when the fetchPopularPhoto ( complete : ) is called , the callback closure is saved to the completeClosure for the later use . On the other hand , for the PhotoListViewModel , the function call is finished but the escaping closure is still pending . The closure wo n't be triggered until the fetchSuccess ( ) or the fetchFail ( error : ) is called . Finally , when we call the fetchSuccess ( ) or the fetchFail ( error : ) , the PhotoListViewModel receives the response data and continue to finish its jobs .
Now the MockAPIService is able to simulate any kind of asynchronous request . For example , we are able to assert the loading state of the ViewModel : isLoading should be true before fetchSuccess ( ) is called . This is a powerful technique because it mimics an async call , and it could be done immediately .
Let 's get some stubs ready
The ViewModel receives the user interaction and changes the presentation with respect to the interaction . In MVVM , the user interactions are abstracted into a set of methods such as userPressed ( ) , userSwipe ( ) , etc . Therefore , testing the user interactions is straightforward : we call a certain method and assert the corresponding property of the ViewModel . Let 's check the third use case we are going to test :
The PhotoListViewModel should allow the segue to the detail page if a user presses on a “ for sale ” photo .
As we did before , we first write the test code :
This test case describes a user who presses on the first cell , and we are going to see if the segue is allowed . The problem is , we have n't fetched any photo yet and the sut is currently in the empty state . So if we trigger the sut.userPressed ( at : ) at this stage , the out of bounds exception will be raised . We need to grab some data first !
The data we need is Photo objects . We want the MockAPIService to return the photo objects to the PhotoListViewModel , just like what it 's supposed to be in the production environment . After the apiService returns the data to the PhotoListViewModel , we are able to trigger the sut.userPressed ( at : ) and assert the isAllowSegue . The photo objects we created for the test are called “ stubs ” . I wo n't dive deep into the definition of “ stub ” , but if you 're interested , go check my article on cracking tests for Core Data .
The implementation of the MockAPIService now becomes :
We create an array , completePhotos , to save the stubs . And those stubs will be returns to the PhotoListViewModel once the PhotoListViewModel calls fetchPopularPhoto ( complete : ) . Then let 's take a look at our test code :
The StubGenerator ( ) .stubPhotos ( ) generates a couple of photo objects . Then we assign the photo objects to the mockAPIService.completePhotos . When the request finished ( mockAPIService.fetchSuccess ( ) is called ) , the PhotoListViewModel will receive those photo stubs via the callback closure . With the help of those stubs , we are able to assert a certain action such as user presses on a specific IndexPath and so on .
More tests…
We are able to use the knowledge we have learned to write more test cases :
The loading animation should start when the network request starts . The loading animation should stop when the request completes . The table view should render correctly . It should display error message when user press on the photo that is not for sale .
All of those are included in my GitHub :
Recap
In this article we used a MockAPIService to check :
If the SUT correctly interacts with the APIService .
If the SUT handles the error state correctly .
If the SUT handles the user interaction correctly .
Conclusion
There are still a lot of things to do . As I mentioned in my previous article , the MVVM has its limitations and cons , such as the anti-pattern of the single-responsibility and the lack of the builder and the router . When it comes to writing tests , I did n't cover the unit test for the binding and routing . Besides , the state of the SUT could be handled better ( There 's a good article talking about the state : iOS Architecture : A State Container based approach ) .
However , the MVVM does remove the obstacle in writing tests : it 's easier to test the presentational logic . And writing tests for user interaction becomes straightforward as well . The most important thing is that the MVVM is simple and intuitive . It 's a good start point for you to understand the idea of dependency injection and module composition . In the following articles , I 'll continuously refactor our simple gallery app to make it more consolidated and beautiful . So , stay tuned !
Reference
Testing View Controller — Part 1 — Clean Swift
Unit Testing iOS in Swift — Part 2 : A Testable Architecture
How to unit test ViewModel in Swift — SwiftyJimmy
CAIRO - Egypt 's army chief headed to Russia on their first trip abroad since their ouster of the Islamist president , amid reports of a Gulf-funded $ 2 billion arms deal in the making with Moscow that would significantly expand Russia 's military influence with a key U.S. ally in the Middle East .
The trip by Field Marshal Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi also boosts an image of international clout for the military commander , who is widely expected to announce their candidacy to run for president in elections next year . The military issued a photo of el-Sissi on their way to board the plane for Moscow in civilian clothes - a blue blazer and tie - a rare picture of them out of uniform .
The high-profile visit to Russia comes at a time when Egypt 's relations have soured with its longtime ally and military patron , the United States , over el-Sissi 's removal of President Mohammed Morsi . El-Sissi ousted the elected president in July after massive protests against the Islamist leader , and Washington later suspended some of its annual aid of more than $ 1.5 billion , most of which goes to the Egyptian military , as a show of disapproval .
Egyptian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Badr Abdelatty underlined that the Moscow visit is not intended to be `` against anyone , but is to diversify partners . ''
Still , it appeared in part a signal to Washington that Cairo has multiple options - and it burnishes el-Sissi 's reputation as willing to stand up to the Americans . The pro-military media in Egypt have been fueling public anger against the United States , depicting Washington as a supporter of Morsi and their Muslim Brotherhood and even accusing the Americans of conspiring with the Islamists against Egyptian national security .
In the press and in posters waved by their supporters , el-Sissi has already been compared with army officer-turned-president Gamal Abdel-Nasser , Egypt 's nationalist leader of the 1960s and 1960 's and a dramatic figure who aligned the country with the Soviet Union .
El-Sissi 's call on Moscow comes after Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Defense Minister Sergei Shogiu visited Cairo three months ago .
According to the state-owned daily Al-Ahram , el-Sissi is to conclude a $ 2 billion arms deal funded mainly by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Gen. Hossam Sweilam , a retired Egyptian army general who maintains close contact with the military , also said the deal would be finalized in Moscow . Military officials declined to comment .
In November , Russia 's Interfax news agency said that Egypt has shown interest in purchasing Russian air defense missile systems and MiG-29 fighter jets , combat helicopters and other weapons .
Egypt was Moscow 's closest Arab ally for two decades starting in the 1950s , when Nasser turned from U.S. support to win the Soviet Union 's backing of their ambitious drive to modernize the Arab nation and create a well-armed military at the height of the Cold War and the Arab-Israeli conflict . The Egyptians partnered with the Soviets to build the High Dam , which was a mega project to control floods , provide electricity and water for irrigation .
Nasser 's successor Anwar Sadat reversed the alignment . They broke with Moscow , expelling Soviet military advisers and turning down offers of military support while preparing for the 1973 war with Israel . After they signed the 1979 peace deal with Israel , Egypt became the second biggest recipient of U.S. aid , after Israel .
Earlier this week , Egyptian Chief of Staff Gen. Sedki Sobhi said during a visit to the UAE that Egypt is `` open in its military relations with all superpowers '' and wants to diversify its arms sources , `` from different military schools , Eastern and Western . ''
`` Relations with any country are not a substitute to those with any other country , '' they said in remarks published by the newspaper Emirate Shield .
During the Russian delegation 's visit three months ago , Egyptian Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy , who accompanied el-Sissi on Wednesday , sought to downplay speculation of a major foreign policy shift .
At the time , they said the visit was only an `` activation '' of existing ties and a sign of cooperation between the two countries `` in multiple fields . ''
The reported arms deal in the works also underscores how the oil-rich Arab nations of the Gulf have thrown their weight behind el-Sissi . Long opponents of the Muslim Brotherhood , they strongly backed the military 's ouster of Morsi and pledged more than $ 12 billion in grants and loans to the interim government installed by the military .
Mustafa al-Ani , head of the UAE-based think-tank Security and Defense Studies at the Gulf Research Center , said the arms deal and other Gulf aid aim to insulate Egypt and the interim government from U.S. pressure .
`` Whether el-Sissi is elected president or any other , the Gulf will not let Egypt in the middle of the road and will protect it from US pressures and any other pressures like those from Turkey or any other Arab countries , '' they said .
Though they have not yet announced their candidacy , el-Sissi is expected to sweep the vote during the upcoming presidential elections due by the end of April . The military chief has become hugely popular among a large segment of Egyptians who see them as the nation 's savior for ending the rule of the Muslim Brotherhood , who many accused of dominating power under Morsi . Yet the subsequent expansion of security crackdown not only on Islamist supporters but secular-leaning critics , raised concerns about human rights and freedom of expression .
On Tuesday , a U.S. Embassy spokesperson said Egyptian authorities have detained an Egyptian employee of the embassy for nearly three weeks without charges . The employee , Ahmed Aleiba , was arrested on Jan. 25 , when hundreds were detained in a crackdown on protests marking the anniversary of the 2011 uprising that ousted autocrat Hosni Mubarak , the spokesperson Moufid Deak said . They would not elaborate on the circumstances of the arrest .
Since Morsi ouster , Egypt has seen a wave of militant attacks in the Sinai Peninsula and beyond , including in Cairo , and has been hit by bombings and suicide attacks that have targeted police and military , leaving scores dead and wounded .
On Wednesday , three police officers were killed by unidentified gunmen in a drive-by shooting on a highway east of the capital , Cairo .
Form
Please complete the form below for a chance to win ! Name * First Last Email * Age of Chidren * No Children Preschool Elementary Middle School High School Submit
NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN . A PURCHASE WILL NOT INCREASE THE CHANCES OF WINNING . ALL FEDERAL , STATE AND LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS APPLY . THE GIVEAWAY IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED . Must complete the contest form to enter . Share the post for an additional entry . Sweepstakes are open to United States residents only . Must be 18 years or older to win . All entries from the 2017 Summer Solutions iPad Giveaways will be included in this drawing as well . All valid entries must be submitted by 11:59 PM , June 29 , 2017 . A winner will be randomly selected via FACEBOOK LIVE on June 30 , 2017 . For complete rules and restrictions email contest @ simplesolutions.org
Learn Persian with Chai and Conversation began in 2011 with the simple goal of teaching conversational Persian to those that want to learn in the most enjoyable and simple way possible .
We noticed that there was , and continues to be , an unfortunate lack of resources that teach purely conversational Persian . Persian is a unique language in that the written version of the language greatly differs from the spoken version . Many language resources try to teach a strange hybrid of the two , or touch upon the spoken version , but none thoroughly immerse the student in pure conversation as Chai and Conversation does . Also , Chai and Conversation provides learning materials that focus on phonetic English transliterations of the words rather than on teaching the Persian script . This way , the student can focus on speaking and understanding , rather than getting distracted by learning a new alphabet .
Ready to get started ? Click here to listen to Lesson 1 .
Your Teacher
Leyla Shams moved from Iran to the Texas when they were four years old . Them first language was Persian , and they continued studying the language , including reading and writing , after their mother ( Farzaneh Nouri ) became the first Persian language instructor in the Dallas/Fort Worth area .
Leyla graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a degree in architecture , and when she 's not designing building at North Arrow Studio , they develop this podcast and works on various other projects .
Your Classmate
Matt Bourneuf was raised in Arlington , Texas , and currently lives in Austin with their wife , Ladan , and new baby girl , Kimiya . Matt is interested in learning Persian because it is the language that Ladan and their family are the most comfortable speaking .
Matt attended Texas A & M University , graduating with a Bachelor of Science in Economics . Following a career in finance , they have recently climbed on a different path , and is now attending UT Southwestern Medical Center in the pursuit of a degree in medicine .
Our Teammate
Chadwick Wood grew up in San Antonio , Texas , and now lives in Austin . They are helping with the technical side of Chai and Conversation , and slowly learning some Persian as well , using the podcast .
Chadwick graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a degree in computer science , and when he 's not helping out with Chai and Conversation , they make websites and apps through their company , Coffeeshopped .
Today marked the end of our final week of prep before the holidays – and despite the fact that it was n't all that busy ( it WILL get busier ) , I 'm exhausted . Some of that may be attributable to the last mad dash to get pink drafts of episodes # 101 and # 102 , and production whites of # 107 , # 108 and # 109 out before the production offices close . Or the late night meet and greet dinner and drinks . But I mainly blame that early Thursday morning location survey that saw me getting up at 5:45 a.m. so that I could catch the 7:00 a.m. tour bus to Waterloo and Hamilton .
I mean , it was still dark outside when we left the production offices . Dark !
Oh , it may not mean all that much to you now but , when the episodes air , you 'll refer back to this blog entry , and this particular picture , and say : “ Hey ! This was them scouting the location for that initial confrontation with the Ferrous Corp. soldiers ! ”
“ And this is the area where our crew first encounters the miners . ”
“ And…well…I do n't remember this room. ” Well , that 's because we 're not using it on this particular shoot – but I snapped a pic anyway because I found it exceptionally creepy . Maybe we 'll come back when we film that horror movie .
The reactor room – scene of the final showdown – and our Butch and Sundance moment .
I 'm ready to do my imitation of Lulu doing an imitation of a boneless ham .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
More
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Pocket
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Procurement
Protest slows NASA open source project
NASA 's plan to switch to an open-source content management system are on hold as a protest is resolved . Pictured : NASA 's headquarters in Washington , D.C. ( NASA photo )
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's plans to transition to a content management system with open source architecture are on hold for a little while .
The agency awarded a $ 40 million blanket purchase agreement in mid-December to Rockville , Md.-based InfoZen to replace the agency 's existing CMS – operated for several years by eTouch Federal Systems LLC – with open source architecture to run its 140 websites and 1,600 web assets and applications .
But that contract has come under protest from eTouch Federal Systems LLC , which filed a formal bid protest on Dec. 28 against NASA 's new deal with InfoZen .
The contract is now under review by the Government Accountability Office with an expected resolution by April 8 , according to a NASA official .
The official said it was unclear whether work under the new agreement with InfoZen would begin . The contract has a one-year base and four one-year options and was previously scheduled to begin Feb. 1 , 2013 .
Bid protest aside , the contract with InfoZen appeared to fulfill a goal outlined in NASA 's Open Government Plan , which called for the creation of a single infrastructure to support the agency 's websites and applications , giving preference for open-source technology .
The agency 's Open Government Plan was a direct result of the Obama administration 's Open Government Initiative .
In a statement released prior to the bid protest , NASA said the agreement with InfoZen will provide a cloud-based solution for Infrastructure as a Service ( IaaS ) , Platform as a Service ( PaaS ) , and Software as a Service ( SaaS ) for internal and external websites and web applications . Services will include content management , as well as search and collaborative services , such as blogs and wikis .
NASA 's main portal , www.nasa.gov , attracts 600,000 unique web visitors per day and more than 140 million visits per year . The agency has been soliciting user feedback for the redesign , and NASA.gov content manager Brian Dunbar recently discussed plans for the site in a PBS.org podcast .
Further details from NASA were not available . InfoZen 's CTO Christopher David said they could not comment on details of the contract or InfoZen 's plans for NASA , due to the bid protest . Meanwhile , eTouch did not respond to requests for comment .
Once hailed as the “ Eighth Wonder of the World ” for its marvel of innovative engineering , the original Erie Canal was constructed at a cost of $ 7 million and the lives of many men .
The Erie Canal was called “ the first American school of engineering ” with notable “ engineers ” Benjamin Wright , John B. Jervis and Canvass White .
July 4 will mark the 200th anniversary of its beginning in Rome ( 1817 ) with the completion of the first 16-mile section to Utica ( 1819 ) . Taking two years to complete this short segment almost brought the demise of this world-renowned project as many encouraged abandoning the seemingly impossible task of a human-made waterway across the entire New York state .
It is widely believed George Washington , on a 1780s horseback journey to visit the Revolutionary War battle sites , was one of the first to see the potential of a canal following the swath cut by the Mohawk River through the valley .
Among the reasons for the waterway was the necessity of having a viable transportation method to move troops and supplies to defend the Niagara Frontier against the British in any future encounter ( a near-war in 1845 ) . This reason along with the desire to have a means of transporting people and goods into the western frontier for America 's expansion forced the project to continue .
Marches in central New York killed laborers by the hundreds because of “ the fever. ” Adding to this problem was quicksand in the middle section and floods alternated with droughts . The first section from Rome to Utica was chosen for excavation because it was believed to be the easier portion with a stretch of wood lots , stump lots and open pasture .
Skepticism of the canal was in ample supply . It was even ridiculed by President Thomas Jefferson as “ a little short of madness. ” It was this attitude that led to the canal nicknames “ Clinton 's Folly ” and “ Clinton 's Ditch. ” It was determined that many more laborers were needed .
The following is from a 1967 article by the late Observer-Dispatch columnist H. Paul Draheim :
“ . . . talk about plenty of Irish languishing in New York City Jails . . . have some of them pardoned and signed up as laborers . . . . Governor Clinton is of Irish descent . There is such a thing as a governor 's pardon . The Irish caught ‘ canal fever ' which inspired them to complete the canal despite incredible obstacles . ”
Per a conversation with O-D history columnist Frank Tomaino , I learned about two men and their early influence on Gov . Clinton that eventually led to the canal concept being accepted by him . Absent from most discourse on the Erie Canal is the story of Elkanah Watson and Jesse Hawley
With the commitment and focus of the early pioneers , the Erie Canal was completed in 1825 . This led to the “ Wedding of the Waters ” ceremony held at New York harbor . The first boat - festooned with bunting and occupied with dignitaries - made the 363-mile journey from Lake Erie to the Atlantic Ocean . According to Tomaino , Gov . Clinton had Elkanah Watson accompany them on this maiden voyage of the ceremonial first boat to traverse the entire length of the completed Erie Canal .
Aboard the boat accompanying the dignitaries was a keg of fresh water from Lake Erie that Clinton proceeded to dump into the Atlantic Ocean salt water , completing the wedding ceremony .
The Erie Canal brought commerce and travelers from the Atlantic Ocean to the Great Lakes allowing New York City to overtake Philadelphia and Boston as America 's major seaport . Travel time from New York to Buffalo was cut from six weeks to 10 days .
The Erie Canal had far-reaching results beyond the obvious improved transportation . Some included : development of the Northwest Territory , people of New England offsetting the southerners who used the Mississippi River to get to the open frontier causing this vast new territory to side with the north during the Civil War , towns sprang up along its route and existing towns prospered - as did Utica , decrease in time for travel and reduction in cost of transporting goods , providing an opportunity for a wide influx of preachers entering the Mohawk Valley creating the Second Great Awakening and the name “ Burned Over District ” for the Mohawk Valley .
With the new interest in spiritual endeavors and the people 's concern for the welfare of others as promoted in the Christian religion 's teachings of compassion for one 's fellow human beings , a new era of good will was born . This fostered support for the women 's rights issue and the abolition movement . These results were huge determinants of America 's growth , “ physically and personally . ”
It is the above events that helped shape early America that gives the Erie Canal its statue .
As was aptly stated in a recent Observer-Dispatch editorial about the Erie Canal 's bicentennial , “ Make plans now to take part . . . will prove to be a perfect blend of fun and education . ”
Joseph P. Bottini is Oneida County historian .
200th BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION PLANNED MAY 19-21
A special weekend - May 19-21 - will celebrate the canal 's 200th .
Friday 's schedule will include registration , 8 to 9 a.m. , and a welcome by Chairperson Dick Williams at 9 , followed by presentations by Devin Lander , New York State historian ; Christine O'Neil , Chittenango Landing Canal Boat Museum executive director ; Dr. Andrew Wolfe , Erie Canal engineering authority , and others . The Oneida County History Center host the session .
Following the presentations , one would have the option of a Canal Society of NYS tour of inner harbor machine shops or an open house at Fort Schuyler Club with hostess Michelle Truett . The building housing the Fort Schuyler Club was built by Samuel Farwell ( engineer of Erie Canal aqueducts and culverts ) and occupied at one time by Dr. Moses Bagg renowned Utica history author . Dinner Friday evening will be at 6 p.m. at Aqua Vino on the canal .
Saturday activities include a Utica-Rome bus tour of historic canal sites hosted by the Canal Society .
Sunday offers a boat ride on the canal sailing from the Herkimer Marina .
Details of the weekend festivities may be viewed on the conference website , eriecanal 200.com ( http : //200.com ) and on the Erie Canal Bicentennial Conference Facebook page .
Questions and reservations should to be directed to the Oneida County History Center at ( 315 ) 735-3642 .
Local K-12 educators are eligible to receive Continuing Teacher and Leader Education credit for Day 1 of the conference through Oneida-Herkimer-Madison BOCES .
What political leaders did before they took office
A POLITICIAN , a business person , a comedian and an economist walk into a room . Unfortunately , this is not a joke—they all vie for the position of Italy 's next prime minister . At an election this week the politician received the most votes , but not enough to govern . A deadlock now ensues . The career background of Italy 's previous prime ministers is similarly eclectic . Between 1973 and 2010 , the two main jobs held by prime ministers before they came to power were split roughly equally between lawyer , professor , and politician or civil servant . Economists featured only three times out of 23 . And elsewhere , prime ministers with an economics background are also rare .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
According to a paper by Mark Hallerberg of the Hertie School of Governance in Berlin , and Joachim Wehner of the London School of Economics and Political Science , policymakers with `` technical competence '' are more likely to hold office during a crisis . The authors found that a banking crisis increases the probability of having an economist as prime minister ; a professor is more likely to hold the position during stockmarket crashes or inflation crises . Italy 's Mario Monti and Greece 's Lucas Papademos are recent examples . Unfortunately , voters seem inclined to get rid of them at the earliest opportunity .
Police arrested a very hungry 24-year-old man in Capitol Hill on Saturday afternoon after an alleged assault on a man eating a burrito , reports say .
A man was sitting outside of a restaurant about 4:30 p.m. , eating a burrito at the intersection of Broadway and East Pine Street , when another man approached him , according to Seattle police reports .
“ Give me a bite of your burrito , ” the stranger reportedly said .
The burrito-eater told the man they were being rude , which only provoked him .
The burrito-seeker shoved the victim and repeatedly demanded a burrito bite , reports say . The victim stood up and was met with a punch to the head .
The assailant ran away .
Officers fielded several calls reporting the assault and caught the alleged attacker boarding a bus at Broadway and Pine .
Police found that the man matched the description of someone who had just lifted liquor from a nearby shop . They arrested them and booked them into King County Jail .
In other food-related crimes of passion :
Man stabs pizza worker , demanding free pie
Hot sauce-covered man makes sure they will not have a ‘ good evening '
Man flips out over price of ranch packet
Woman arrested after restaurant guests covered in soy sauce
Lynsi Burton can be reached at lburton @ seattlepi.com . Follow them on Twitter at @ LynsiBurton_PI .
Rangers have suffered a period of financial problems
Rangers chairperson Alastair Johnston has admitted that the club could go bust .
The admission came in the wake of recent talks with would-be owner Craig Whyte and half-yearly figures indicating that the club owes £29m .
Johnston insists that , when published in June , annual figures will show that debts have dropped to around £22m .
But they nodded in agreement when asked if it was possible for the club to go out of business if a decision over tax payments went heavily against them .
`` The reality is that , if the decision is bad and the club ca n't pay , there would be a decision to be made , '' said Johnston , who expects a decision on the purchase of the club in the next couple of days .
`` It 's not clear where the liability lies . It could be October or November before we find out .
`` The situation is not holding up the sale , but it does inhibit new financing and new investment .
Progress is good . Around £22m is a more realistic debt figure Alastair Johnston Rangers chairperson
`` I have no idea of the sum for which we may be liable , but Rangers can not afford much . ''
However , Rangers have since released a statment to say : `` Further to some press comment today following the release of our Interim Results , we would like to clarify that our chairperson did not state that the club could go out of business .
`` Moreover , we would refer interested parties to the section in the Interim Results ( paragraph 7 ) that covers the current position with the HMRC enquiry and importantly to the fact that the Club continues to vigorously contest HMRC 's challenge and in doing so continues to receive reassuring opinion from tax , accounting and legal specialists .
`` The directors of The Rangers Football Club plc accept responsibility for this announcement . ''
Figures for the six months to 31 December show that the amount Rangers owe to creditors due within the next year has increased by nearly £3.5m to £29m , most of that is believed to be owed to Lloyds Banking Group .
The club suffered a drop in pre-tax profit from £13m to £9m , turnover decreased by £4.1m to £33.7m and there was also a 4.9 % decline in the number of season tickets sold , together with a reduction in sponsorship income .
However , Johnston insists that annual figures will show that finances are now in a much healthier state .
`` Today 's figures are a snapshot , '' they said . `` They are not bad figures .
`` Progress is good . Around £22m is a more realistic debt figure . ''
The real concern for Rangers is the judement they await from Them Majesty 's Revenue and Customs over a tax issue relating to offshore payments to players and the Murray Group Management Limited Remuneration Trust .
Johnston admitted that `` but for the HMRC verdict , life would be a lot easier '' and they acknowledged in their statement to the Stock Exchange the investigation relating to offshore payments to players and the Murray Group Management Limited Remuneration Trust .
`` I would emphasise that no allegations have been made to suggest any illegal activity and tax vehicles of this type have been used by a number of companies throughout the country , '' they said .
`` We continue to vigorously contest HMRC 's challenge on the taxation treatment of the trust and , in doing so , continue to receive reassuring opinion from tax , accounting and legal specialists . ''
The club 's financial position has also been hit by a separate charge from the HMRC for £2.8m for activities in a player compensation scheme between 1999 and 2003 .
All this is happening as Rangers are deep in talks with Whyte , who is hoping to take over ownership from Sir David Murray .
`` This is a two-way street , '' said Johnston . `` He is still enthusiastically addressing the issue and we are looking at their credentials .
`` I want a forcing mechanism to force them to do what they say they are going to do in terms of future investment in the club .
`` His agreement with the bank and with David Murray has nothing to do with Rangers . I want assurances of their ability to fund what they say they are going to do .
`` Craig has to understand the club 's position and the expectation level of the fans .
`` It is very easy to talk about £25m investment , but there must be a forcing mechanism .
`` We must get it into any purchase agreement . I admit this is very unusual . ''
Certain provisions imposed on the club continue to compromise , in our opinion , management 's ability to conduct its role with maximum efficiency Alastair Johnston Rangers chairperson
Johnston also revealed that they asked manager Walter Smith and chief executive Martin Bain to give Whyte a briefing about the cash flow of the club in terms of the future requirement of players and that was done last week .
Rangers ' chairperson had criticised the club 's banker in their statement to the Stock Exchange for making Smith 's job more difficult than necessary .
`` While we appreciate the support of the Lloyds Banking Group through the Bank of Scotland in extending our credit arrangement and recognising the progress that has been made in developing a template for collaboration , certain provisions imposed on the club continue to compromise , in our opinion , management 's ability to conduct its role with maximum efficiency , '' Johnston said in their statement .
Indeed , despite Smith being restricted in their movements in the transfer market , player costs have remained around the same thanks to the addition of Nikica Jelavic , Vladimir Weiss and James Beattie .
The latest figures also show that Rangers ' gained more from the sale of Danny Wilson to Liverpool and Kevin Thomson to Middlesbrough than they did the previous year for Barry Ferguson to Birmingham City and Charlie Adam to Blackpool .
`` Net operating expenses at £21.1m are in line with last year , with base salary costs at similar levels and reduced matchday costs offset by higher maintenance expenditure and provisions for doubtful debts , '' explained Johnston .
Representatives from the two sides of the Metro Transit contract dispute decided to meet again on Wednesday night , just minutes before the midnight strike deadline .
Ken Wilson , president of Local 508 of the Amalgamated Transit Union , told CBC News they got a call from a representative for the city at 11:25 p.m. AT to head back to the table .
As they headed into the negotiating room at the Holiday Inn Halifax Harbourview hotel in Dartmouth just after midnight , Wilson told reporters , `` It 's a sign . We 'll see what happens . ''
Less than 10 minutes after that , union members walked out and went up to a hotel room with a `` No comment . ''
When asked if the workers would still go on strike , Wilson said , `` Stick around . ''
The last talks between representatives from the union and Metro Transit had broken off at about 6:15 p.m. AT .
Wilson said the municipality had not changed its position since the amended final offer , which was presented on Jan. 29 .
The sticking point , they said , is the issue of scheduling . The union wants to continue to have control over which workers fill which shifts , while Metro Transit wants to chance that practice .
That issue of rostering had remained on the table throughout the negotiations .
`` If rostering is still there we 're going to have a strike , it 's just that simple . We gave them solutions to avoid , that they do n't need rostering , '' said Wilson .
`` The problem is that they just do n't understand it , they do n't understand the business and that 's the issue . That 's blatantly obvious , the whole round of bargaining , right from the beginning — this employer had an agenda . ''
Metro Transit director Eddie Robar also spoke briefly with reporters and said the city will not budge on the issue of scheduling .
`` Right now , because of the way they pick their work now , we end up with about 87 to 100 pieces of work in a week that we 're unable to cover with the people that we have , '' Robar said .
`` We end up calling in people on overtime to try and fill those shifts on a daily basis . ''
Commuters scramble to make plans
Earlier in the day , Wilson , Robar and a conciliator met for a one-hour meeting . Wilson called it an `` informal '' discussion .
`` The whole purpose was , sometimes you can get more accomplished with two people in the room so we thought we could have a conversation , air out our differences , air out maybe some resolves to this , a little bit of back and forth , '' they told CBC News .
`` I told them that I would bring some of their concerns to my team as they bring some of my concerns to their team . And we would contact each other and see if we could work on resolving to get back to the table . ''
Although both sides went back to the table on Wednesday afternoon — sparking hopes among thousands of commuters that a strike would be averted — talks stalled and the two sides appeared to be at an impasse .
MAP | Need a ride or offering one ? Add it to the map .
With the strike deadline looming , transit users scrambled to make alternate plans .
CBC reporter Phonse Jessome said the bus riders they spoke to in Lower Sackville were angry .
`` When I ask them what advice do you give to the bargaining teams — both teams — they say , 'Get back to the table and settle this thing , this service is simply too important , ' '' Jessome said Wednesday .
Many riders said they 're making plans to carpool . Some said they 're worried there will be nowhere to park in downtown Halifax .
Scheduling key issue
Metro Transit said the union wants a raise of three per cent per year over a three-year contract , and it 's offering four per cent over two years . In the city 's last offer , it also said it would not ask for the ability to hire part-time workers or contract out work .
But Wilson said the key outstanding issue remains scheduling , not wages .
They said Metro Transit wants to set more rigid work schedules , meaning workers would lose the flexibility in picking shifts that they have now .
`` We have to keep in mind that the average bus operator has a 60-hour work week for 40 hours of pay . We get off at Mumford and have to come back to Burnside on our own time to get our own vehicle . So we deal with that , because that 's the industry . We understand that , '' said Wilson .
`` All we 're asking for is what we 've always had — we 've always had the flexibility to work around our families . ''
The last transit strike in Halifax was in 1998 . The service has grown since then , with Metro Transit running more than 3,200 bus trips a day .
Metro Transit said it 's making contingency plans for the 45 people who rely on its services to get to a dialysis clinic for regular treatments .
In a Singapore first , the prosecution yesterday appealed to cut an offender 's sentence .
And it succeeded after the court slashed an eight-week jail term to three for a cyclist who knocked down an elderly pedestrian . In a statement to the media after the appeal , Attorney-General V.K . Rajah said it is vital to ensure offenders are punished appropriately - `` neither in a manifestly inadequate nor in a manifestly excessive manner '' .
The case involved 35-year-old Lim Choon Teck , who knocked down Madam Chng Kian , 69 , and left them with upper arm and wrist fractures while cycling on a pavement in Ang Mo Kio in May .
Lim then fled before the victim 's 74-year-old husband could take down their full details . The police tracked them down from their identity card number .
Earlier this month , the prosecution pushed for at least two weeks ' jail , but District Judge Lee-Khoo Poh Choo decided on a much longer sentence . They said there was a need to deter such behaviour - comparing it to `` killer litter '' cases that also involved rash acts .
The sentence also reflected Lim 's `` selfish , cowardly and irresponsible manner '' for not staying with the elderly couple until the ambulance arrived , they added .
But the prosecution believed this was disproportionate to their culpability and the fact that they had pleaded guilty at the first reasonable opportunity . `` Justice works both ways , to the victim and to the accused person , '' said Deputy Public Prosecutor ( DPP ) Prem Raj Prabakaran .
They told the High Court yesterday that a jail sentence was warranted to deter others from cycling on pavements , given the increased popularity of personal mobility devices such as motorised bicycles and electric skate scooters .
Referring to parliamentary debates earlier this year in which three MPs raised the issue , DPP Prem highlighted that over the past five years , 3,500 summonses were issued for cycling on footpaths .
The degree of Lim 's recklessness and the grievous hurt caused to Madam Chng also pointed to a jail term , they added .
But the DPP argued that the district judge was wrong to impose eight weeks , instead of the two to four weeks sought by the prosecution . Lim , who was not represented by a lawyer , was the first cyclist to be hauled to court for riding on a pavement and there were no similar sentencing precedents .
The DPP pointed out that even when compared to cases of rash driving , eight weeks was manifestly excessive . They gave the example of a driver who was jailed six weeks last year for causing the death of a motorcyclist who had the right of way .
The DPP also said the district judge was wrong to compare Lim 's case to killer litter and hit-and-run offences . They also should not have considered a cyclist 's lack of insurance coverage and the difficulty for victims to claim compensation . These , they argued , were not relevant in a criminal prosecution .
High Court Judge Chan Seng Onn , who will give written reasons at a later date for why they imposed three weeks ' jail , said yesterday that `` by and large '' , they agreed with the DPP 's arguments . They told Lim , who has served 18 days in jail , that they could be released yesterday if they are given remission .
Lim , who was remanded after they were charged in court on Sept 1 and pleaded guilty six days later , could have been jailed for up to six months and fined $ 2,500 .
`` All stakeholders in our criminal justice system , including the Attorney-General 's Chambers , shoulder this heavy responsibility to ensure fairness and proportionality in the punishment meted out , '' said the Attorney-General .
Then-President Barack Obama ( above ) delivers 2016 commencement address at Rutgers University in Piscataway , New Jersey
Rutgers University spent nearly $ 1.5million on its 2016 commencement ceremony because of that year 's keynote speaker , then-President Barack Obama .
The hefty price tag is $ 523,000 more than it cost the university the year before , when its commencement speaker was Bill Nye 'The Science Guy , ' according to NJ Advance Media .
A final accounting by the university found that most of the money was spent on the extensive security measures needed to accommodate the president as well as the record crowd that witnessed the event at the school 's football stadium in Piscataway , New Jersey .
The university used the funds to pay for more police officers , a traffic safety consultant , road closures , chair rentals , and food for the volunteers who helped set up the commencement ceremony .
'President Obama came to Rutgers and told the world that America converges here , ' a Rutgers spokesperson , Karen Smith , said .
'We could n't be more proud of their visit . Their commencement address - the first in Rutgers history by a sitting president - was a unique opportunity for the university to showcase itself on a national stage . '
New Jersey 's public university invited Obama to deliver the commencement address after students enrolled in the school flooded the White House for three years with letters asking the former president to give the speech .
Obama 's speech as the school marked its 250th anniversary .
In 2015 , Rutgers booked Bill Nye 'The Science Guy ' to give the commencement - at over $ 500,000 less than what it cost for Obama
'In 2016 , about 52,000 people - nearly 50 per cent more than the previous year - attended the event , ' Smith said .
'The difference in costs reflects additional expenses to accommodate the crowd , ranging from extra buses to additional rental chairs and programs . '
To prepare for the event , Rutgers paid a number of vendors .
Mountain Productions , a company based in Pennsylvania , was paid $ 450,975 for services .
The university also paid $ 103,293 to Traffic Safety Services for the planning of road closures and parking .
It also paid $ 131,042 to Academy Bus and First Transit , which provided transportation to those attending the ceremony .
There was also the tens of thousands of dollars that the university paid to state police as well as smaller , local law enforcement agencies who secured the event .
There is no information available regarding the accounting for the costs of flying Obama to Piscataway by helicopter .
Nor do we know how much it cost the Secret Service to secure the event .
Interestingly enough , Rutgers normally pays commencement speakers $ 35,000 to give their speech .
Obama , however , spoke for free .
In the fight against Islamic State , one group says it is hunting down fighters and killing them in a guerrilla campaign in eastern Syria .
The group , which refers to itself as `` White Shroud '' , says it has killed more than 100 fighters in the last few months in Deir al-Zor province .
Abu Aboud , the group 's leader , told Reuters the term , `` White Shroud '' , refers to the death cloth the group says awaiting Isil militants .
Mr Aboud , who declined to give their real name for security reasons , was a commander in an insurgent group against Syrian president , Bashar al-Assad crushed by the better armed and financed Islamic State as it seized almost full control of Deir al-Zor earlier this year .
`` Eighty per cent of the members of White Shroud did not take part in combat before ( Islamic State ) came . We trained them and they joined White Shroud because of the great oppression they felt after Islamic State took control , '' said Abu Aboud .
But they 're not the only group fighting Islamic State . According to the watchdog , Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , White Shroud is one of several small groups that are killing Islamic State fighters whenever the opportunity arises .
Other groups calling themselves `` Phantom Brigade '' and `` The Brigade of the Angel of Death '' exist , said Rami Abdulrahman , who runs the Observatory .
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account . Please log in or register with your social account
A mother-of-two who is suing for £300,000 over a harrowing lift accident at Tower Bridge relived their trauma when they got trapped in another elevator on their way to court .
Australian tourist Bronwyn Cowan , 63 , and their husband Graham , 64 , were on the first day of their dream holiday when the lift they were in plunged around 10 feet and crashed .
They were left both with leg fractures from the incident , and Mrs Cowan continues to be affected by psychological trauma , Central London County Court heard .
Christopher Edwards , representing the couple , said they fractured both ankles and a big toe in the fall , and is still haunted by memories of lying stricken on the floor of the Tower Bridge lift .
They said memories of the incident came flooding back as they made their way to court , and they suffered a panic attack when the couple became trapped in a lift at the Royal Courts of Justice .
Asking for extra time before legal proceedings began , Mr Edwards explained Mrs Cowan needed a few minutes to compose herself : “ My client was briefly stuck in the lift and suffered a very unpleasant reaction . ”
“ That 's dreadful , ” said Judge Peter Wulwik who allowed the couple to use a private judicial staircase to exit the building at the end of the hearing .
The couple were among ten passengers in the lift which failed in May 2009 as it was rising from Tower Bridge 's ground floor .
Mr Edwards said the accident “ utterly ruined ” their holiday on the first day , forcing them to cancel plans for a walking tour of Italy after leaving London .
Mrs Cowan says they were a naturally calm person but now has a fear of using lifts and is “ hyper-vigilant of mechanical sounds ” .
However they and their husband could only get to the court hearing by lift or an exhausting climb up several flights of stairs .
The couple , from Sydney , are suing the City of London Corporation , which owns Tower Bridge , and two companies involved in installing and maintaining the lift .
Liability for the accident was admitted in April last year , but defence lawyers are disputing the £300,000 value put on the couple 's claim .
“ It is clear that they are still psychologically affected by this horrible accident - as we saw from their brief experience of becoming stuck in this lift ” , said Mr Edwards .
The court heard they “ effectively retired ” from work after trying to balance their job with stress from the accident , and is “ still conscious of the accident when they travelled in lifts ” .
They had also suffered “ an episode of panic in the lift at work ” , said Mr Edwards .
They said they suffer from mobility problems which have affected their hobbies of gardening and bush-walking .
Mr Cowan , 64 , a rail engineer , fractured their spine and left ankle in the impact , and ended up taking redundancy in 2012 .
They had a “ specific phobia of lifts ” for around five months after the accident , the court heard , and was “ worried every time ” they got into an elevator . However their symptoms have now subsided .
City of London Corporation declined to comment .
The hearing was continuing today .
Sen. Scott Brown ( R-Mass . ) this week helped Democrats break a Republican-led filibuster of a short-term extension of unemployment benefits . Brown risks rift with right
When an aide to Sen. Jim DeMint used their Twitter account to call out Sen. Scott Brown and other Republicans for breaking ranks on a jobs bill , an annoyed Brown confronted DeMint on the Senate floor after privately suggesting they may have been attempting to stir up trouble with the conservative base .
DeMint said it was n't so , and the two men are downplaying the spat now .
But the divide between Brown and the Republican conservative base is at risk of growing — as it did this week when Brown joined moderate Republican Sens . Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe of Maine and George Voinovich of Ohio to help Democrats overcome a GOP filibuster on an extension of jobless benefits .
Story Continued Below
“ I assume there will be votes that he 'll throw to the other team to show that he 's the new guy from Massachusetts and not the new guy from Texas , ” said Grover Norquist , a leading conservative activist in Washington . “ But I just do n't think that spending money is the way to do that . ”
Brown , 50 , still maintains celebrity status on the right , and he 's one of the few freshmen to carry a national profile ; on Sunday , he 's scheduled to be a guest on CBS 's “ Face the Nation , ” a rare Sunday morning appearance for a newly elected senator . And for now , most Republicans in the Senate and conservative activists off the Hill have given them a pass , saying they represent a different constituency than most of the other 40 Republicans and needs to position themselves in the political middle in order to stand a chance at winning reelection in 2012 .
At the same time , Brown — who vowed to block the Democratic health care bill during their campaign — has opposed some pillars of the Obama agenda , including announcing this week that they would vote against the Democrats ' bill to rewrite the rules on Wall Street . Democrats say the newly elected senator is misreading their liberal constituency .
“ Look , if Scott Brown thinks skipping a tea party event in Massachusetts while voting in lock step with the Republican Party in Washington is going to help them with voters back home — he 's got another thing coming , ” said Brad Woodhouse , spokesperson for the Democratic National Committee , referring to Brown 's decision not to attend Wednesday 's tea party rally with Sarah Palin in Boston .
Asked whether he 's attempting to position themselves as a moderate , Brown replied tersely , “ I 'll let my votes speak for themselves . ”
James Wilder Jr. , a sophomore running back for the Florida State Seminoles , has been arrested after attempting to prevent a law enforcement officer from arresting their girlfriend , Bianca Carmada . They are charged with battery on a law enforcement officer and resisting arrest with violence , both felonies , according to Kathryn Hetrz , a processing officer at the Leon County Jail . Carmada was being arrested on a warrant for failure to appear stemming from a prior charge of criminal mischief . Wilder bonded out earlier today , while Carmada is still in custody .
Sources tell Tomahawk Nation that Wilder allegedly grabbed their girlfriend away from the deputy as they were trying to arrest them and then allegedly slapped the deputy 's hand . The deputy was unharmed .
Here is the press release from the Leon County Sherriff 's Office , which describes a similar scene , though says Wilder `` pushed '' the officer , rather than `` slapped '' , as told to Tomahawk Nation :
On February 22 , 2012 , a Leon County Deputy responded to 415 Chapel Drive # 419 in reference to arresting Bianca N. Camarda , 20 , on an outstanding capias for failure to appear in court on a Criminal Mischief charge . The uniformed Deputy made contact with James C. Wilder , 19 . Wilder allowed deputies into the apartment in order to search for Camarda . Camarda was located hiding in a bathroom and taken into custody without incident . After placing Camarda in handcuffs , Deputy Donnie Bramblett began escorting them to their marked patrol car . Wilder then began telling the deputy that Camarda was not going to go to jail . Wilder stepped in between Deputy Bramblett and Camarda and then pushed him . The deputy was able to regain control of the situation by unholstering their taser and advising Wilder that they would be tased if they continued to interfere . Wilder then began yelling obscenities while continuing to say that Camarda was not going to jail . As soon as Camarda was placed in the patrol car , Wilder was placed under arrest without further incident . Wilder and Camarda were taken to the Leon County Jail .
It is interesting to note that officer Hertz , Wilder 's own attorney , the Tallahassee Democrat , as well as the original arrest report , list the charge as `` resisting officer with violence . '' The release says obstructing a law enforcement officer without violence . Clearly , one of the reports are incorrect .
Wilder 's side of the story , as told to the Tallahassee Democrat by their attorney , is that they never touched the officer and was attempting to show them a text message between their girlfriend and their attorney .
Wilder played sparingly as a first-year student as they attempted to learn the playbook and become acclimated to the system .
Florida State 's policy is typically to suspend those charged with a felony until the case has been resolved . And out of fairness to both players and law enforcement , head coach Jimbo Fisher usually lets the legal process play out before rushing to judgment on criminal matters .
Sources tell Tomahawk Nation that Wilder does not have a prior criminal record . That should be in their favor in their attempt to get the charges reduced .
If a pedestrian is about to step into the street , how does a self-driving car know to begin braking ? If a semi-autonomous car gets into a dangerous situation while the driver is checking their email , how should the car alert the driver to pay attention ?
These are some of the questions that Massachusetts companies and researchers are currently working to answer . While the technology behind self-driving cars is still being developed , the industry is progressing at a rapid pace -- and some of the nation 's biggest car companies and technology companies are pouring money into research and development , including a $ 1 billion research effort being led by a former professor at Olin College of Engineering in Needham .
Massachusetts , as a state that prides itself on innovation and academia , could find itself in a strong position to benefit from the burgeoning industry . But state officials are still figuring out what opportunities there are , and what regulations must be implemented to keep the streets safe .
`` What 's happening in self-driving cars right now , and the speed and amount of money that 's going into it and the importance of it , is sort of the equivalent of what was happening in the 1960s with the race to the moon , '' said Roger Matus , vice president of products and markets at Boston-based Neurala . The company is developing software for the auto industry to allow cars to anticipate hazards .
`` The interest of industry right now is trying to encourage Massachusetts as a place where a lot of this development is taking place , '' they said .
Nationally , much of the technology related to self-driving cars is coming out of Silicon Valley in California -- a traditional technology hub -- and Detroit , the center of the automotive industry . But there are other pockets of activity . For example , the ride-sharing service Uber just hired a number of researchers from Carnegie Mellon 's robotics center in Pittsburgh .
Massachusetts could be ripe for development into one of these centers . Toyota recently announced a five-year , $ 1 billion investment in researching artificial intelligence and robots , with the goal of building a self-driving car . The money is split between Palo Alto , Calif. and Cambridge , and the project is being led by Gill Pratt , a former Olin College professor , with a team that includes MIT and Olin College professors .
The Cambridge start-up nuTonomy , which was founded by MIT professors , recently announced that it secured $ 3.6 million in venture capital funding to develop decision-making software for automated cars .
Other companies working on autonomous vehicle-related technology in Massachusetts include Autoliv Electronics in Lowell , Amazon Robotics in North Reading and NextDroid Labs .
Companies are also funding research at Massachusetts universities . Shlomo Zilberstein , professor of computer science at UMass Amherst , and Donald Fisher , a professor in the UMass Amherst mechanical and industrial engineering department , are collaborating on a project funded by the National Science Foundation and General Motors . They are developing ways to transfer control from an automated driving system to a human driver in a semi-autonomous car .
There is little consensus about how many years it will take for fully automated cars to hit the roads nationwide , although some are already being tested . But researchers like Zilberstein point out that some automated features are already commercially available -- such as cars that can park themselves , or cars that automatically brake when they come too close to another car .
Experts predict that there will be continued progress over the next decade , with more automated features and semi-autonomous cars coming online .
`` There is a lot going on . There is a lot of progress , and there is a tremendous amount of resources dedicated to research in this area right now , '' Zilberstein said . `` No car company wants to be caught unprepared for this . ''
The federal government is also putting money into the field .
The Volpe National Transportation Systems Center , a Cambridge-based research center run by the U.S. Department of Transportation , is one place where the work is being done . Fisher , who works for the Volpe Center while continuing to do research at UMass Amherst , is editing a handbook at the Volpe Center on how human factors will interact with intelligent cars . Fisher said the center has divisions focused on using autonomous vehicles to reduce crashes , reduce congestion and reduce carbon emissions . The center is also working to coordinate private and public efforts on self-driving cars nationally and internationally .
`` The Volpe Center 's the major force for advancing research and for coordinating both federal and private efforts to develop automated vehicles that reduce crashes , congestion and carbon emissions , '' Fisher said .
The growing industry has led Massachusetts officials to grapple with two questions : Should Massachusetts take steps to encourage industry growth here , and what does the state need to do to regulate the technology ?
The Massachusetts Technology Collaborative , a public economic development agency aimed at advancing the technology industry , has commissioned a study of the state 's robotics industry , which includes self-driving cars , to look at what the economic development opportunities are . A draft of the study is due in April .
`` If we are going to make an investment ... we want to make sure we 're making the smartest investment for Massachusetts based on our strengths , '' said Katie Stebbins , assistant secretary of innovation , technology , and entrepreneurship for Massachusetts ' Executive Office of Housing and Economic Development .
Massachusetts officials are also considering a proposal to use part of a former U.S. Army base in Devens as a test facility for self-driving cars .
The Massachusetts departments of Housing and Economic Development and Transportation are organizing a meeting with industry representatives , researchers , planners and others about what Massachusetts needs to do to regulate the industry . A February meeting was cancelled due to snow , and state officials are trying to reschedule it for the spring .
`` We have to look at Massachusetts state policies and find out how well the policies that we have on the books align with the testing for self-driving cars , '' Stebbins said . `` The law states currently , a human has to be driving a car . ''
Obviously , this is not only a Massachusetts issue . Congress recently held hearings on self-driving cars , and the U.S. Department of Transportation is planning meetings in Washington , D.C. and California to develop guidelines for the safe use of self-driving technology .
Stebbins said part of what state officials are doing is keeping on top of what is happening nationally and in other states . `` We want to make sure we 're tuned in so we 're not thinking about Massachusetts policies in a vacuum , '' Stebbins said .
Industry experts say as the technology progresses , there are both short-term and long-term policy implications .
`` The real question that a lot of people are asking is in 50 years , '' Matus said , `` will you be allowed to drive your own car ? ''
By Jake Donovan
From the moment their fight ended , there was a considerable amount of debate as to who won the 12-round heavyweight clash between Chris Arreola and Travis Kauffman .
Two months and a drug test result later , it 's as if the fight never happened .
Arreola claimed a split decision win in their NBC-televised bout last December in San Antonio , Texas . However , the result was officially changed to a No-Decision according to an updated suspension list as provided by Fight Fax , Inc . The change in verdict was due to the veteran heavyweight contender testing positive for marijuana , according to sources who requested anonymity as the details of the case are not yet a matter of public record .
Along with the forfeiture of the win , Arreola was hit with a 90-day administrative suspension issued by the Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation , who did n't return a phone call seeking comment as this goes to publish . Efforts to seek comment from Arreola and their team were also unsuccessful .
The suspension is retroactive to the night of the fight , meaning that the Californian can resume training on March 12 , 2016 .
The latest piece of news only adds to what was largely a forgettable 2015 campaign for Arreola ( 36-4-1 , 31KOs ) , who still aspires to become the first heavyweight of Mexican descent to win a world title . Even if the win stuck , the night was hardly a momentum builder for the outspoken heavyweight , who turns 35 one week before their suspension ends .
Following a second loss to Bermane Stiverne – the May '14 rematch doubling as their second career title shot – Arreola saw their 2015 run get off to a shaky start . Grossly out of shape at a near-career heavy 262¼ lbs. , they struggled mightily in an otherwise thrilling eight-round win over journeyman Curtis Harper , which served on the first-ever installment of Premier Boxing Champions ( PBC ) on Spike TV .
Despite the poor showing , they were placed in position to where a win in their next fight would have landed a crack at unbeaten titlist Deontay Wilder . Arreola showed up more than 15-pounds lighter for their July CBS-televised clash with Fred Kassi , but – as they put – could n't find their rhythm in what felt like a sparring session that resulted in a 10-round draw .
Realizing they were running out of chances – and well short on public sympathy – Arreola showed up at 236 ½ lbs . for their 12-round showdown with Kauffman . The weight was their lightest in more than four years and physically appeared to have come off the right way .
Once the bell sounded , however , it was an entirely different story . Kauffman was stepping way up in class , putting forth the effort to compensate for the stage on which they performed . Arreola was forced to climb off the canvas , rallying late to barely pull out a hotly contested decision .
Little time is lost as Arreola did not have anything officially lined up in the near future . Public perception surrounding their next ring appearance , however , could prove to be another story .
Jake Donovan is the managing editor of BoxingScene.com . Twitter : @ JakeNDaBox
Game and online gambling software company Playtech said Monday said it will acquire Yoyo Games Limited , developer of the popular cross-platform game dev tool GameMaker Studio .
GameMaker , which comes with the Playtech acquisition , gained popularity in recent years , particularly among small-team game developers , and is the basis for games including Hotline Miami , Risk of Rain , Gunpoint , Gods Will Be Watching , Nidhogg , and Spelunky , among many others . The engine boasts over 750,000 registered game developers , according to Playtech .
[ Do n't Miss : Playtech responds to dev concerns ]
Playtech , known for its online gambling software , said it would buy Yoyo for $ 16.4 million , with a possible additional $ 5.25 million paid out .
Playtech said the buy is meant to help the company “ penetrate the casual gaming space. ” The company also owns game dev studio Plamee , which employs 120 developers . GameMaker studio will help Playtech 's internal and external game development efforts , Playtech said .
The acquisition is part of a three-pronged strategy , according to Playtech : in-house game development , internal and external publishing , and game development technology .
We 've reached out to Playtech to inquire how this might affect current and future GameMaker users .
Immigration Minister John McCallum told reporters today that the federal government remains focused on housing to help with the influx of Syrian refugees coming to Canada in the coming months .
In a news conference where they were joined by provincial ministers Michael Chan and Eric Hoskins in Toronto , McCallum said the federal government vowed to bring in 25,000 government-sponsored refugees during the election campaign and they 're sticking with that figure .
With private sponsors currently helping with 10,000 , the total number of Syrians coming to Canada will be at least 35,000 and could hit 50,000 with enough sponsorships .
Each refugee will undergo a series of tests overseas to become a permanent resident and landed immigrant , McCallum said . This grants refugees access to benefits many Canadians enjoy , including legal rights , freedom of movement along with equal treatment and protections , to name a few .
A federal court ruled in July 2014 that Conservative cuts to health care for refugees constituted `` cruel and unusual '' punishment .
McCallum also responded to a question about a report that only six per cent of Syrians are choosing Canada or the United States as their top choice for resettlement .
More generally , this national project is going very well . - Immigration Minister John McCallum
`` There 's a huge enthusiasm to come to Canada , '' the minister said , adding the data may be incomplete because communications are not always reliable in that part of the world .
`` I do n't think that 's the real number , '' they told reporters .
McCallum also reiterated their three top priorities for the refugees heading to Canada are : `` housing , housing and housing . ''
`` This national project is going very well , '' the minister said , adding `` there will be challenges along the way . ''
The government has said they would like to bring in 10,000 Syrian refugees by the end of the year and 25,000 by March of next year . A federal map revealed Toronto will be receiving approximately 2,600 refugees in the process .
I spent the last week eating nothing but powder ... again .
This is n't the first time ; I was studying abroad in New Zealand the last time I experimented with 'future food ' or meal replacers . The most popular one I know of is Soylent , after soylent green . Since productivity is so valued and diets are so poor , this market is inevitable really : why not just make a powder that has all-you-need ? The concept has made it 's way around the western world , as have I , and so I 'll be reviewing Huel and expanding on my previous thoughts on 'future food ' ( also a good intro if you have n't heard of them ) .
In fact , one of the first things I did when I got back to university in England was bought some Huel from a friend . This represents one of the biggest differences so far : here in England ( at least in student culture ) powdered food is not entirely unheard of . With influences from Europe and in-general being a country with more demand , the market here is more competitive . And one brand that comes out amongst the top is Huel .
Huel distinguishes itself by going beyond government dietary recommendations , identifying ( correctly ) the shortcomings of RDIs when compared to a healthful diet . This shows itself in the form of high ( er ) doses of vitamins such as C , B12 , and D2 and minerals such as Iron and Calcium in order to compensate for things like bioavailablity and cancelling effects from various nutrients . They also include details of 'non-required ' micronutrients like phytochemicals and MCT 's on their blog .
Impressions
Taste
With the primary ingredient being oats there is an unavoidable but familiar taste of 'breakfast ' with these products and Huel is no different . I have only ever tried the vanilla flavour with water but there is a 'plain ' type and an assortment of additional flavour mixes that you can add at your own discretion .
Vanilla tastes ... adequate ? It has a pleasant scent that helps it go down but as soon as it hits your tongue there is taste that I can only describe as confusion . Being a blend of so many micro and macronutrients , there is no flavour to latch onto . Considering the blandness of what it 's tasting the brain signals `` good '' but is n't quite sure why . This is n't a bad thing , one can add ingredients to their own preferences - I admit I swiftly decided to use what I learnt after my last rodeo with powdered food : sugar . By adding sugar , I upped the flavour and upped the calories ( without increasing the cost too much ) . Another option is to drink it with dairy-free Ⓥ milk , which I can confirm tastes great . I have no qualms with the idea of eating only this for an extended period of time .
Health
Digestion
This is personal matter that will be different for everyone . For every forum post stating Huel ( or Future Foods in general ) gave them diarrhea , there is another saying they got constipation - and plenty of comments in both saying they 're fine . My own experience has been better than in the past . With a few days of acclimation I was generally fine . I would n't eat it throughout the day though as I find that it can make you windy just after a meal . I eat once or twice a day though so it was n't a problem for me . There was one bad time where I ate an entire bag of clementines before a meal ( an old habit from when I tried raw vegan ) , this would n't usually be a problem , however when combined with the large dose of vitamin C from Huel ... Well , let 's just say any time saved from eating Huel was promptly spent orbiting a toilet .
Energy
As someone who has tracked my calorie intake in the past I understand that I need more than the recommended 2000kcal a day 'prescription ' , for that reason I saw no difference in my workouts . On its own Huel is a low GI , meaning it gave me steady focus over a long period of time .
Productivity
I wrote about this extensively in my previous post . The time gained from eating powdered food is substantial . More than one would expect . The accumulated time we spend around food as a culture ( species ? ) is huge ; eliminating the need to shop , prepare , and chew can give someone a massive advantage in todays world . But to what end ? Eating is as much a social endeavour as it is a need to survive ; sometimes it 's nice to sit down and have a meal with friends and family . When used as a tool or safety net Huel can be a lifesaver .
With that being said the amount of time we spend on food is dwarfed in comparrison to the time we spend doing 'nothing ' . When it comes to productivity , in my opinion , Huel is only an advantage if you can argue that you are conciously squeezing every moment out of your time already , or that eating Huel will fascilitate good habits . For example , my last experience with powdered food was great ; with this blog as well as university I had a lot to do and learn , future food allowed me to stay on campus all day to keep up with my peers . This time ; however , I ca n't say the same , saving time by not eating only translated to spending more time watching YouTube . So if you are the type of person who will actually use the extra time effectively , this stuff is amazing .
Price
At a minimum of 377kcal/£ or ~£18.56 for a 1.74kg or 7000kcal bag . One would need to do their own maths to decide if that is competitive . For me , I ca n't justify that cost . As someone who 's spent only NZ $ 30 or £15 for a month of food and is happy with rice & beans , Huel is pretty gourmet . However , if you 're buying lunch from a cafe everyday or other convenience food - Huel really is n't that expensive . Again one could make the argument that the productivity gained from eating future food is worth every penny , especially if that time is invested on a side-hustle .
Have you tried meal replacers before ? What would you do with the time you 'd save ? Plus you can get a cheeky discount on me . Share in the comments !
My immigrant mother sits silently in a room the size of a small kitchen . Earlier this year , they survived multiple failures of the heart , kidneys , and limbs over the course of six weeks . They are seventy-three , uses a wheelchair , and for the first time in their life is surrounded by white people who do not speak Spanish , in the only nearby nursing home my parents can afford . In turn , my father drives through the days confronted by three omnipresent realities : hour-long daily visits with my mother , a night shift to keep them mentally and financially afloat , and a mailbox flooded with health care bills , insurance disputes and the complexity of navigating Medicare , Medicaid , and private insurers . When I speak of health reform , queer rights , or racial and economic justice , they gaze at me solemnly . They survived a lifetime of racial discrimination , fought in two wars and lived through the ensuing decades with a cacophony in their psyche . At seventy-eight , nearly blind and deaf , they will hear nothing of systems and reform . More often than not , these days we too sit in silence .
This silence haunts me as an advocate who works at the intersection of aging and lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , and queer ( LGBTQ ) rights . The aging and LGBTQ advocacy fields often propose policy solutions that are too narrow to address the complexity of how all marginalized people—including heterosexual people of color such as my parents , members of the LGBTQ community , and more—experience the process of aging . We need social transformations that address the intersecting forms of oppression that older people face—and that can make sense of the chaos and silence that shroud my parents . This has become especially clear to me through my work as the director of a national policy program devoted to improving the health and well-being of LGBTQ older people .
Working at the Intersection of Class and Identity Politics
In the aging and long-term care field , the hardship of aging is often articulated through conceptually limited silos that omit how discrimination affects the economic wellness of older people 's lives . Mainstream LGBTQ rights leaders remain largely mute on economic injustice , instead seeking strategies for legal equality and minimizing justice approaches that envision more expansive economic systems of support .
{ { { subscriber } } } [ trackrt ]
How to Read the Rest of This Article
The text above was just an excerpt . The web versions of our print articles are now hosted by Duke University Press , Tikkun ‘ s publisher . Click here to read an HTML version of the article . Click here to read a PDF version of the article .
( To return to the Fall 2013 Table of Contents , click here . )
Apple Valley 's season ended on Wednesday night , and Eagles ' coach Don Erdall called it “ the most bizarre and amazing thing ” they have ever seen at a hockey rink .
Apple Valley junior goaltender Taylor DeForrest recorded 111 saves as fifth-seeded Apple Valley fell 3-2 in six overtimes to East Ridge in the Class 2A , Section 3 quarterfinals in Woodbury
After the game DeForrest could n't believe their final save tally . Related Articles The 75 best to play Minnesota boys high school hockey : No . 9 Willard Ikola , Eveleth goalie
Blake 's Madeline Wethington named Minnesota 's Ms. Hockey
Class 2A girls hockey : Edina tops Brainerd in 2OT , wins third straight state title
Class A girls hockey : Breck bests Warroad again for second straight state title
Quick overtime goal pushes Brainerd past Andover and into Class 2A girls hockey final
“ I went into complete shock , ” DeForrest said Thursday . “ I did n't think it was going to be that high , and I did n't know I could pull that off . ”
Forward Anya Hafiz scored the game-winner for fourth-seeded East Ridge on a rebound in the sixth overtime . DeForrest 's total falls just seven short of the single-game record of 118 stops — in regulation — set by Worthington 's Taylor Baumhoefner in a game against New Ulm in 2007 , according to the Minnesota State High School League website .
“ What Taylor did last night , it 'll never be duplicated , ” Erdall said . “ I do n't know the records ; I do n't know the numbers . But you do n't turn aside 111 shots in a four-hour span . You do n't ever see that . ”
DeForrest 's save total was announced as 112 in the arena , but the official game summary kept by East Ridge credited them with stopping 111 of 114 shots . Regardless , it 's impressive . East Ridge outshot Apple Valley 26-4 in the first period , but heading into the locker room the score was 0-0 .
“ She 'll never have that opportunity to do what they did again , and to their credit , when they saw the opportunity to stand on their head and put the team on them back , they did , ” Erdall said . “ She was going to do absolutely everything they could to give our team the best chance , and that 's what they did . ”
Erdall said there were many times before Hafiz 's winner that they thought the game was over , but DeForrest , and East Ridge sophomore goalie Chloe Heiting — who made 38 saves — would n't let the puck go into the net .
“ The adrenaline rush is like what kept me in the game , ” DeForrest said . “ It was just knowing I was making the team proud every time I make a stop , that 's what kept me going . ”
The game 's duration was 121 minutes and 58 seconds — a little more than it takes to play two regulation hockey games .
“ It flew by in real time , I 'll tell you that , ” Erdall said . “ But if I were to look at the tape now , it 'd seem like an eternity . ”
Erdall said they hope the performance serves as a stepping stone for DeForrest , who , they said , has shown flashes of that kind of play before . “ It was pure desire , ” they said . “ High school goaltenders make mistakes , and last night they played mistake-free hockey . ”
After the game Erdall said , their players were devastated their season was over . But they told them they had to hold their heads high .
“ For the majority of overtime we had 10 skaters , ” Erdall said . “ I told them , ‘ You did everything physically , mentally and emotionally that you could . ' ”
And when their head hit the pillow last night , Erdall said they slept “ like a baby. ” Apple Valley , which featured just one senior , returns plenty of talent next season .
“ So to make a mark like that and have a blueprint for the future gives us a lot of hope and a sense of accomplishment , ” Erdall said .
Fourth-seeded East Ridge advances to play top-seeded Eastview on Saturday in the section semifinals .
OTHER OVERTIME GAMES
Apple Valley-East Ridge highlighted a crazy opening night of section play on Wednesday . Other overtime action included Hastings beating Burnsville 3-2 in four overtimes in another Class 2A , Section 3 quarterfinal when Kiki Radke , a Bemidji State commit , scored the winner . Lakeville North battled back from a 2-0 deficit to beat Rochester John Marshall 4-3 in two overtimes when Morgan Manes netted the game-winner in Class 2A , Section 1 quarterfinal action .
To blog Previous post | Next post
Revealing the length of Garbage Collection pauses
There are several ways to improve your product . One such way is to carefully track what your users are experiencing and improve based on that . We do apply this technique ourselves and have again spent some time looking at different data
Besides many other aspects we were after , we also posed a question “ what is the worst-case effect for latency GC is triggering for an application ” . To answer the question we analyzed the data from 312 different JVMs attaching Plumbr Agent during the past two months . The results were interesting and we decided to share the outcome with you :
On the X-axis there is the maximum length of the pause within this JVM , grouped into buckets . On the Y-axis there is the number of applications with maximum pause falling into a particular bucket . Using the data above , we can for example claim the following about the 312 JVMs being monitored :
57 JVMs ( 18 % ) managed to keep GC pauses at bay with maximum pause under 256ms
73 JVMs ( 23 % ) faced a maximum GC pause in between 1024ms and 4095ms
105 JVMs ( 33 % ) stopped the application threads for 4 or more seconds due to GC .
43 JVMs ( 14 % ) faced a maximum GC pause longer than 16 seconds
) faced a maximum GC pause 18 JVMs ( 6 % ) contained a GC pause spanning for more than a minute
contained a GC pause spanning for Current record holder managed to stop all application threads for more than 16 minutes due to a garbage collection pause .
We do admit that our data might be biased in regard that – the JVMs Plumbr ends up monitoring are more likely to suffer from performance issues triggering longer GC pauses . So there is a grain of salt you have to take these results with , but overall , the discoveries are still interesting . After all , tens of added seconds to the latency can not be considered tolerable for the majority of the applications out there .
Did you know that GC stops 20 % of Java applications regularly for more than 5 seconds ? Do n't spoil the user experience – increase GC efficiency with Plumbr instead .
We have several hypotheses why the situation looks as bad as it currently does :
In first case , engineers are not even aware that their application is performing so badly . Having no access to GC logs and being isolated from the customer support might completely hide the problem from the people who could be able to improve the situation
Second case consists of people is struggling to reproduce the problem . As always , first step towards having a solution is building a reproducible test case in an environment where further experiments can be concluded . When the long-lasting GC pauses only occur in production environments , then coming up with a solution is a daunting task .
Third group of the issues falls on the shoulders of engineers who are aware of the issue and can even reproduce the behaviour at will , but have no clues how to actually improve the situation . Tuning GC is a tricky task and requires a lot of knowledge about JVM internals , so most engineers in this situation find themselves in between a rock and a hard place .
The good news is that we are working hard on making all those reasons obsolete – Plumbr surfaces the poorly-behaving GC issues , alerts you when these issues are detected and better yet , gives you a tailor-made solution how to improve the behaviour . So instead of weeks of trial-and-error you are now able to surface and solve those cases in minutes .
It can be easy to feel like quitting in life sometimes , especially when you are taking on particularly challenging goals . One of the most important things to keep in mind is that you just have to keep pushing on no matter what . The more persistent you are , the more successful you are going to be . In this article you will find a number of helpful things to consider when you begin thinking about quitting whatever you are trying to do . These things can help keep you going when it seems like there is no reason to continue .
1 . You Are Doing it for a Reason
Always keep in mind that you are doing what you are doing for a reason . By remembering this you will be able to keep yourself going no matter how hard things become . Also , you will want to think about all of the different reasons that you have set out to accomplish your goal in the first place . It might even be a good idea to make a physical list that you can look at when you start doubting your ability to make it through .
A lot of people tend to give up on their goals because they lose sight of why they attempted to accomplish them in the first place . By having this list of reasons , you will be able to keep yourself on track even through the most challenging times . There are probably going to be some periods where you are going to feel like it 's just not worth it anymore , which is when you will need to look at your reasons for starting .
2 . It 's Okay to Fail
The last thing you want to do is to adopt the “ failure is unacceptable ” outlook , because it will only serve to frustrate you beyond belief . Everyone fails sometimes , and it can be a great learning experience if you allow it . And while failure is okay , you do n't want to quit just because you are scared of not succeeding . You never want to give yourself permission to quit , but sometimes knowing that it 's okay to fail takes some of the stress and pressure off of your shoulders .
These days a lot of people believe that failure is a sign of weakness and should n't be tolerated , but it 's an incredibly important part of getting down the road to success . The pressure that people put on themselves to succeed is actually one of the more common reasons why they end up quitting . After all , it is a lot easier to just quit than to keep going . But if you quit you will never even give yourself the chance of succeeding and feeling that amazing sense of accomplishment .
3 . Your Fear is a Lie
Fear is a very real feeling that all people experience , but your brain often lies to you by blowing things out of proportion so as to help you weasel your way out of a tough situation . You just do n't have to stick it through and keep going , even though you are afraid of what could happen . When you realize your fear is unfounded and unproductive , you can start to overcome it . You will never get anywhere if you allow yourself to be controlled by fear .
While it 's true that fear can sometimes be a good motivator , it can also be very destructive when you are trying to accomplish your goals . If you ever find yourself on the verge of quitting something you 've been trying to do for a while , remember that your fear has no control over you unless you let it . We can all learn something important from the fear we feel when we are trying to accomplish our goals .
4 . You Could Need Some Assistance
There is always the chance that you need some help from another person , and there is absolutely no shame in that . We all need help with what you are trying to accomplish sometimes , and those who ca n't admit that usually end up quitting . There 's nothing wrong with asking for assistance once in a while , especially when you are getting overwhelmed .
Nobody can do everything by themselves , so it therefore stands to reason that you should be willing to ask when something is too much for you alone . There are many situations in life where help is not only a good thing but necessary . If you keep refusing to accept help in life , you are never going to get anymore . While it is important to be independent , you also have to admit when you need help with something .
5 . How Much You Will Regret the Decision
You should also think about how much you are going to regret quitting afterwards . It might seem like a good idea in the moment , but in the end you are just going to beat yourself up over it . Most people who quit what they are trying to do feel horrible about themselves afterwards , so it 's just not worth it .
Keep in mind how you have felt in the past when you 've quit so that you can keep yourself from doing it again . Nobody wants to be filled with remorse , and quitting is the surest way to get there . As long as you keep this in mind , you should have no problem whatsoever with marching on .
Final Thoughts
It can be extremely tempting to quit , especially when what you are trying to do is very difficult in so many ways . But as long as you take the time to consider all of the above mentioned things , it will be much easier to keep going until you succeed . Failure is an inevitable part of life that you can not avoid , but the same can not be said for quitting . The fact is that quitting is a choice , and it 's one that you should always avoid . The right mindset can do wonders for those who tend to quit when things get hard , so it 's all about your mental outlook .
At 15 a boy told me that if I really liked him , I 'd fool around with him . Afterwards , they said they only saw me as a friend , but we should still have sex sometime . But not all guys are like that .
My first time going to a nightclub , I was pushed into dancing with a guy I did n't know . After they tried to stick their hand in my pants under my dress , I pushed them away and they followed me til I found my friends , who said ‘ that 's normal , it 's just what happens ' . But not all guys are like that .
My boyfriend of 2 and a half years called me a liar and untrustworthy because I decided I was n't actually in the mood to have sex . It was easier to lie there and fake orgasms than have the fight that would ensue if I said ‘ no ' . They were a ‘ nice guy ' , and probably has no idea that what they did was rape . But not all guys are like that .
Walking through town one evening , some dude tried to strike up a conversation . I clearly was n't interested , but they followed me for 5 minutes trying to talk to me and touch me . I lied and got on a random bus saying it was mine to get away from him . But not all guys are like that .
Walking home at night was apparently an invitation for some guy to try and rape me . I have no idea how I managed to escape unharmed – my brain blanked after they punched me in the face to stop me screaming for them to get off me . But not all guys are like that .
I 've had so many guys get so offended when I say that I 'm wary of men I do n't know , even men I do know but not very well . Not all guys are like that , they 'll say . Some , most , are nice and respectful , some are even feminists .
Not all guys are like that , I 'm sure . But experience has shown that enough of them are , and that it 's simply not worth the risk . So I 'm wary of men when I first meet them . Maybe for months after . It 's not intended to be an insult , but it is easier and safer for me to assume that the men I meet are sketchy and potential abusers/rapists and then be pleasantly proved wrong , than the other way around . Self preservation comes before making ( or keeping ) friends .
Not all guys are like that . But society does n't teach to not rape , not to grope , not to follow women , to understand ‘ no ' as a complete sentence even if you 're in a relationship . So even the ‘ nice ' guys , the guys who ‘ are n't like that ' , are often exactly like that . They just do n't necessarily realise it . Many self-professed ‘ not like that ' guys are utterly unaware how they make some women uncomfortable . Others are unaware that they 're rapists . Others still do n't call out their friends ' behaviour when their friends are ‘ like that ' .
My experiences are not unique , nor are the examples above the full extent of my experiences . They 're not even the worst that I 've heard . I have yet to meet a woman who has n't experienced some sort of sexual harassment or assault , who have never felt intimidated by men they do n't know , or men they get a ‘ vibe ' off . So the supposed fact that ‘ not all guys are like that ' is totally irrelevant . Enough are like that , to the extent that I feel , and am , unsafe when I 'm around men , even around men I know and trust.That is n't something I or other women should apologise to men for . It 's something that men should apologise to us for .
Advertisements
Global Leader in Cannabis Research and Education Brings Its Values to the Canadian Market
TORONTO , ONTARIO -- ( Marketwired - Jan. 14 , 2014 ) - Bedrocan Canada Inc. , a Toronto-based private company and joint venture with Bedrocan BV of the Netherlands , is now licensed to provide Canadian patients with pharmaceutical quality medicinal cannabis , sold in European pharmacies since 2003 . Canadian patients will have access to the full complement of Bedrocan Canada 's imported cannabis strains , at $ 7.50/gram . Bedrocan cannabis is the only cannabis in the world that is legally shipped across international borders . Bedrocan BV is the provider to a number of European countries since 2006 and to Canada as of 2014 . By late 2014 , Bedrocan Canada will offer patients locally grown , pharmaceutical-grade medicinal cannabis .
From its inception in 2001 , Bedrocan BV has recognized that safe use of medicinal cannabis means ongoing efforts to bridge the gap between patients ' needs and the regulatory demands of modern medicine . Bedrocan Canada President Marc Wayne said , `` We are excited to introduce Bedrocan 's values and varieties to Canadians . Our Health Canada license and partnership with Bedrocan BV will enable Canadian patients to access high quality , standardized strains of medicinal cannabis used for 11 years in the Dutch medicinal cannabis program . During that time , Bedrocan has consistently shown its commitment and leadership in medicinal cannabis . They 've sponsored leading educational organizations like the Canadian Consortium for the Investigation of Cannabinoids , developed resources on cannabis used by doctors throughout Europe , conducted more research on medicinal cannabis than any other private company in the world , and focused on patients ' needs by publishing scientific surveys and by listening to both patients and science in developing cannabis strains . We intend to bring these values of education , research , and patient care to Canada . ''
Bedrocan BV has scientifically demonstrated the importance of product quality to patients . In a study published in 2006 ( 1 ) , Bedrocan 's head of R & D , Dr. Arno Hazekamp , found that unregulated cannabis often contained molds , fungus , bacteria , pesticides , heavy metals , or other harmful contaminants at unsafe levels . This is a significant concern for all patients , but is especially important for those who may have weak immune systems . Bedrocan 's cannabis strains are produced to pharmaceutical quality standards established by the Dutch Health Ministry , which means they meet the same standards for production as all other medicines . The `` buds '' are fully standardized , containing the same composition of active ingredients each time they are produced . Standardization is crucial for all medicines . It allows doctors and patients to accurately monitor treatment progress . No other company in the world has been able to standardize whole cannabis flowers this way . The Bedrocan medicinal cannabis strains available in Canada are : Bedropuur® ( THC 24 % , < 1 % CBD ) , Bedrocan® ( THC 22 % , < 1 % CBD ) , Bedica® ( 14 % THC , < 1 % CBD ) , Bediol® ( THC 6.5 % / CBD 8 % ) and Bedrolite® ( CBD 9 % , < 0.4 % THC ) .
Since 2005 , Bedrocan BV has been the only company in the world offering multiple varieties of pharmaceutical-grade cannabis products for research , as well as patient use . Bedrocan initiates its own studies , regularly consults in third party research , and partners with public and private institutions to research cannabis ( Leiden University , Wageningen University ) , conduct clinical trials ( Health Innovations Netherlands® ) , and study patients ' and physicians ' needs ( Utrecht University and the Canadian Consortium on the Investigation of Cannabinoids ) . Bedrocan 's team has conducted research on the chemical differences among varieties , optimizing growth conditions , developing methods for analysis and quality-control , understanding popular administration forms ( with a special focus on vaporizing/inhalation ) , isolation of cannabinoids and terpenes , and patient surveys .
The federal government 's new Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations ( MMPR ) program enables only licensed producers to supply medicinal cannabis to patients in Canada . Canadians may now register with a licensed medicinal cannabis producer and order their prescription cannabis online or over the phone , making it safe , easy and convenient to access medicinal cannabis in privacy .
ABOUT BEDROCAN
Bedrocan Canada Inc. is a federally licensed producer and distributor of medicinal cannabis and a joint venture between Bedrocan BV of the Netherlands , the only producer of medicinal cannabis for the Dutch government , and Canadian management with extensive knowledge and experience in the use of cannabis and cannabinoids in clinical practice . Bedrocan Canada 's vision is to be a driving force in unlocking the full therapeutic potential of cannabis through scientific research and pharmaceutical-grade production . Bedrocan Canada is committed to sustainable production of medicinal cannabis , safe clinical practices , regulatory compliance and transparent communication with all our stakeholders , to improve the quality of life for our customers .
( 1 ) Hazekamp , A . An evaluation of the quality of medicinal grade cannabis in the Netherlands . Cannabinoids . 2006 ; 1 ( 1 ) :1-9 .
An avunculate marriage is any marriage between an uncle/aunt and a niece/nephew . It may refer to a marriage between biological relatives or people related by marriage . In some countries , avunculate marriages are prohibited by law , while in others marriages between biological relatives of this kind are both legal and common .
If the partners in an avunculate marriage are biologically related , they normally have the same genetic relationship as half-siblings , or a grandparent and grandchild – that is they share approximately 25 % of their genetic material . ( They are therefore more closely related than partners in a marriage between first cousins , in which on average the members share 12.5 % of inherited genetic material , but less than that of a marriage between , for instance , cousin-siblings , in which the partners share 37.5 % of their inherited genetic material . )
Avunculate marriage is legal in Argentina , Australia , [ 1 ] , Brazil , Canada , Finland , [ 2 ] Malaysia , [ 3 ] The Netherlands , [ 4 ] and Russia . [ 5 ] It is explicitly illegal in most English-speaking countries. [ which ? ] [ 6 ]
History [ edit ]
Avunculate marriage was the preferred type of union in some pre-modern societies . This has remained the case amongst , for instance the Awá-Guajá people of the eastern Amazon Basin . [ 7 ]
Marriages between such close relatives were frequent in Ancient Egypt , at least among members of ruling dynasties .
In societies adhering to Jewish or Christian faiths , such marriages were sometimes allowed . The Talmud endorsed marriages between uncles and nieces ; although some early Jewish religious communities , such as the Sadducees , believed that such unions were prohibited by the Torah . [ 8 ] Amongst medieval and especially early modern Christians , a marriage between a woman and the sibling of a parent was not always interpreted as violating Leviticus 18 ; this was especially so amongst the royal houses of Europe and , in Catholic countries , a papal dispensation could be obtained to allow such a marriage .
Such marriages have traditionally been illegal in Islamic societies and are regarded as prohibited by Islam . [ citation needed ]
List of historical or mythical avunculate marriages [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Sprint Nextel will launch 4G LTE service in more than 100 cities , including New York , Los Angeles , Chicago and Miami , in the coming months , the carrier said on Monday .
The new network may go live before the official launch dates in those cities , and subscribers with LTE-capable devices will be free to use the network as soon as it becomes available , Sprint said .
The timing of Sprint 's announcement two days before the expected launch of Apple 's iPhone 5 probably is not coincidental . The iPhone 5 is expected to have LTE , and as it launches , Sprint 's major rivals will have that technology up and running in far more markets . Sprint 's LTE service is already available in 19 metropolitan areas , including Atlanta , Baltimore , Dallas-Fort Worth , Houston , Kansas City , Missouri/Kansas City , Kansas , San Antonio , and some communities surrounding those cities .
Sprint 's list of major upcoming LTE launches also included Charlotte , N.C. , Miami , New Orleans , Philadelphia , and Washington , D.C .
Sprint already offers 4G service over partner Clearwire 's WiMax network but is now building out LTE , which has become the telecommunications industry 's standard technology for 4G . LTE 's broader deployment , which already spans 100 carriers in 49 countries , according to a statement by the industry group 4G Americas on Monday , will allow Sprint to offer more devices and evolve toward faster versions in the future . Clearwire is also adding an LTE network that Sprint will use to boost its capacity .
Sprint is deploying LTE as part of a total infrastructure rebuild called Network Vision , which also includes upgrades to its 3G EV-DO network . Those upgrades boost signal strength and in-building coverage and reduce dropped calls , and they have already been made available in Baltimore , Boston and Washington , D.C. , according to Sprint . The carrier expects to finish Network Vision by the end of next year .
Stephen Lawson covers mobile , storage and networking technologies for The IDG News Service . Follow Stephen on Twitter at @ sdlawsonmedia . Stephen 's e-mail address is stephen_lawson @ idg.com
You need to know how much time you have left for those last few problems -- NOT how much time you 've used on the problems you finished ? ! No matter where I looked , I could n't find an analog watch that I could use as a countdown watch for the LSAT . Chronographs are expensive and cluttered , and diver bezels count up , not down which is useless ... So two nights before test day , I just took apart my watch and used white-out and a permanent marker to make my own analog countdown watch for use during my exam . Now I 'm offering quality custom-made watches to help you do your best on test day !
.
Pacing is important , and it should be effortless . You have to know how much time you have left to quickly decide when you 're taking too long on a subsection . This watch helps you pace yourself properly without wasting time . Just a glance helps you decide : Should you take the time to analyze two probable answers , or make an educated guess and move on to the next question ? This watch is currently used by 4 different LSAT Prep companies .
.
Using this watch is simple and fast . At the start of each section of the LSAT , you adjust the minute hand to the starting position . After that , all you have to do is glance at your watch throughout the test to instantly determine how much time remains and see your approaching time `` landmarks '' . The watch can be propped up in front of your test booklet like a tripod , as shown below . This watch meets all LSAC guidelines for test day as of the 2014 published guidelines .
.
Choose from a variety of watch faces to guide your progress through a section . I created custom watch faces to meet a variety of pacing and testing needs . The Options page illustrates available designs , and you select your favorite when you add the watch to your shopping cart , or create your own ! Read about How it Works to learn about the strategy behind my designs .
Photo : Brian Whelan
Two bodies have been found in Marystown following a tense police investigation in the region .
Yesterday , police officers descended on a residence on McGettigan Boulevard in Marystown .
Police put up caution tape around the area and evacuated nearby homes during the ordeal .
RCMP were looking to speak with 37-year-old Jeff Kilfoy about a “ violent incident ” in the town .
RCMP say they have located the body of an 18-year-old woman inside a residence on McGettigan Boulevard , as well as the body of a 37-year-old man in a wooded area in the Mooring Cove area of Marystown .
RCMP says there is no furthur risk to the public .
The investigation is ongoing .
Earlier Story
The RCMP are looking to speak with a 37-year-old man in connection with an ongoing investigation in Marystown .
Armed police officers descended on an apartment building in the McGettigan Boulevard area Saturday afternoon and immediately cordoned off the area .
Police are keeping tight-lipped on the incident at this time only to say that they are investigating a “ violent incident ” There is no immediate word on possible injuries .
RCMP Saturday evening issued an advisory seeking to speak with 37-year-old Jeff Kilfoy as part of
their investigation .
37-year-old Jeff Kilfoy is considered armed and dangerous
Police are asking people not to approach Kilfoy as they are considered to be armed and dangerous .
Anyone with information is asked to contact the RCMP 709-279-3001
or Crimestoppers 1-800-222-TIPS ( 8477 ) .
Earlier Story
Few details are immediately available , but RCMP are expected to provide further details on a violent incident that unfolded in Marystown Saturday .
Area residents tell VOCM News that RCMP and the tactical team descended on the McGettigan Boulevard area earlier this afternoon .
Police were armed and caution tape had been put up around an apartment building in the area .
RCMP indicated at the time that they were looking for a person in relation “ to a violent incident ” .
There is no official word on possible injuries , but there are indications that the incident was very serious .
VOCM will continue to provide updates as they become available .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has visited an area in the Arctic archipelago as part of Russia 's efforts to reaffirm its foothold in the oil-rich region .
On a tour on the Franz Josef Land archipelago , a sprawling collection of islands where the Russian military has recently built a new runway and worked to open a permanent base , Putin emphasised on Wednesday the need to protect Russia 's economic and security interests in the Arctic .
`` Natural resources , which are of paramount importance for the Russian economy , are concentrated in this region , '' Putin said in remarks carried by Russian news agencies .
Putin said current estimates put the value of the Arctic 's mineral riches at $ 30 trillion .
Russia , the United States , Canada , Denmark and Norway have all been trying to assert jurisdiction over parts of the Arctic as shrinking polar ice creates new opportunities for exploration .
WATCH : Oil in the Arctic
Accompanied by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev and Defence Minister Sergey Shoigu , they visited the cave of the Arctic Pilots Glacier and spoke with Russian troops .
The Kremlin has named reaffirming the Russian presence in the Arctic as a top priority amid an intensifying rivalry over the region that is believed to hold up to a quarter of the planet 's undiscovered oil and gas .
In 2015 , Russia submitted a revised bid for vast territories in the Arctic to the United Nations , claiming 1.2 million square kilometres of Arctic sea shelf extending more than 650km from the shore .
Putin said on Wednesday that Russia has remained open to a `` broad partnership with other nations to carry out mutually beneficial projects in tapping natural resources , developing global transport corridors and also in science and environment protection '' .
They also underlined the need for the military and security agencies to `` implement their plans to protect national interests , our defence capability , and protection of our interests in the Arctic '' .
Over the past few years , the Russian military has been conducting a costly effort to restore and modernise abandoned Soviet-era outposts in the Arctic by rebuilding old air bases and deploying new air defence assets in the region .
During the visit , Putin inspected a cavity in a glacier that scientists use to study permafrost . They also spoke with environmental experts who have worked to clean the area of Soviet-era debris .
Natural Resources Minister Sergey Donskoi reported to Putin that the clean-up effort had seen the removal of 42,000 metric tonnes of waste from the archipelago , most of it rusty metal oil canisters left behind by the Soviet military .
Field Station : Dinosaurs , the prehistoric theme park that brought towering T. rex and lumbering longnecks to life near exit 15X of the New Jersey Turnpike , is no longer on the brink of extinction .
The dinosaur park had to pack up and move out of Secaucus last fall . Now , a representative for the park confirms that Field Station has just signed a deal with Bergen County . Officials are set to announce the details of the dinosaurs ' move to Overpeck County Park on Monday .
See all the details about the park 's new spot
A Facebook account for Field Station shared a photo tease of the new location on Thursday , asking followers to guess the spot -- a wild , reedy section of Fort Lee Road in Teaneck . Overpeck , which spans more than 800 acres , including five miles of trails , was built on the former site of landfills and brownfields and covers Teaneck , Leonia , Ridgefield Park and Palisades Park .
A visit to the section of Overpeck Park shown in the photo shared by Field Station yields a long , paved path surrounded on both sides by brush that is somewhat littered with empty bottles . The vacant area near Teaneck Creek sits at the dead end of Fort Lee Road . The dinosaur park 's former home was a hilly area with gravel paths and a sunny perch where visitors could take photos with T. rex and the New York skyline .
Field Station , which had a three-year lease with Hudson County , opened in 2012 at Secaucus ' Laurel Hill Park . The park ran for three seasons -- usually open to the general public starting in May and closing in the fall -- until Hudson County officials informed park staff that construction would be starting on a new building for High Tech High School at the same location , despite the park having renewed its lease for two more years . So the roaring robotic dinosaurs , created from steel and foam , were packed up and stayed dormant in storage until the park could find a new spot .
It does n't look like much right now but this is the future site of Field Station : Dinosaurs . Anyone wants to take a guess ... Posted by Field Station : Dinosaurs on Thursday , March 31 , 2016
As the park got ready to close in 2015 , word came that Field Station was scouting for locations outside New Jersey . One potential new home for the park was Derby , Kansas , but the dinosaur park , whose original tagline was `` 9 minutes from Manhattan , 90 million years back in time , '' ended up staying in North Jersey .
At the time , Guy Gsell , president of the park , said they preferred that the park stay in the region , though they anticipated it would be difficult to find the necessary 8- to 10-acre space the arrangement of dinosaurs would require .
Before the park moved out of Secaucus in 2015 , the price of admission was lowered to $ 15 for all ages from a usual $ 17.50 to $ 20 admission , in part due to attendance dropping , Gsell said . On good days , the park drew upwards of 3,000 visitors , they said .
Amy Kuperinsky may be reached at akuperinsky @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ AmyKup . Find NJ.com Entertainment on Facebook .
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United 's defensive worries continue to mount following their 1-0 derby defeat to rivals City , with Marco Rojo stretchered off with a dislocated shoulder .
Chris Smalling was sent off during the first half and Rojo 's injury 11 minutes into the second period leaves Louis van Gaal with mounting injury concerns ahead of next week 's home clash with Crystal Palace .
Van Gaal confirmed after the game Rojo had dislocated their shoulder - an injury so bad television did n't show the replay .
Rojo , the £16million Argentine defender , stayed down after sliding into a challenge during the second-half on compatriot Martin Demichelis .
The former Sporting Lisbon man received treatment for four minutes before departing the scene at the Etihad Stadium , having to be stretchered off after receiving oxygen from medics .
With Phil Jones and Jonny Evans both injured , Van Gaal ended with a centre-back pairing of Michael Carrick and Paddy McNair as Sergio Aguero separated the two sides .
Opinion : 5 things we learnt from the Manchester derby
In pictures - Manchester City 1-0 Manchester United :
The Hells Angels motorcycle club is now formally listed as a criminal organization in Manitoba — the first of any government in North America to make that designation .
“ We 've had successful prosecutions against the Hells Angels but that does n't seem to stop them . They just keep trying to get back into business , ” said Insp . Rick Guyader of the Winnipeg Police Service . “ As long as they continue , we 're going to continue prosecuting them . ”
​It means police no longer have to prove the motorcycle gang is a criminal organization at every court hearing .
Manitoba justice has identified over 30 Canadian court cases where Hells Angels were found to be a criminal organization . ( RCMP ) “ This is a milestone for Canada and a clear signal that Manitoba will continue to develop and use every tool available to fight criminal organizations and the threat they pose to Manitobans , ” said Manitoba Justice Minister Andrew Swan .
“ It is now law in Manitoba the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club is a criminal organization . ”
This designation follows an extensive application filed by the province 's director of policing last spring to have the club designated as such . The application was based on extensive evidence collected from across Canada , information from organized crime experts and court findings from across the country , according to Swan .
“ The Hells Angels motorcycle club was actually given the opportunity to come forward and present some evidence to suggest they were not a criminal organization , ” said Swan . “ As I understand it , there was no response to that . ”
On Friday , defense lawyer Jay Prober said they did n't think the change would amount to much . Prober has represented alleged Hells Angels members in the past .
`` I do n't think it was necessary . It 's window dressing , but it makes good politics and gets votes , '' said Prober .
They added , `` I doubt this piece of legislation will withstand a constitutional challenge . ''
Prober said a criminal designation label on any group wo n't trump an individual 's rights in court because the Crown will still need to prove its case .
RCMP D Division Assistant Commissioner Kevin Brosseau said while Prober is right in that it wo n't affect criminal charges , it does give police and Crown prosecutors help in civil and provincial court cases .
“ Rather than having to prove for civil processes that the Hells Angels are a criminal organization that [ will now be ] a given , ” said Brosseau . “ Those days and weeks that will potentially be needed to gather evidence for that will not be needed for the civil side . ”
To get the designation , the legal process included an independent external review panel , which is made up of at least three people who are not government employees or currently serving as police officers . They examined all of the materials and determined the motorcycle club met the test of being a criminal organization .
“ Organized crime is not welcome in the province of Manitoba , ” said Brosseau . `` The RCMP has prioritized enforcement efforts to focus on eliminating organized crime and this announcement today provides us another tool in our tool kit to help us ensure the safety and well-being of Manitobans . ”
When criminal organizations are added to Manitoba 's Schedule of Criminal Organizations , it will result in more swift and effective enforcement of provincial laws , states a news release from the Manitoba government .
It will also remove the requirement to repeatedly prove these groups are criminal organizations . As a result , it will reduce the time spent by police , justice officials and the courts to determine that groups are criminal organizations .
Full disclosure : I 've never been to SXSW . And to be clear , I still only-sort-of know what really goes down there . It 's a world of legends and mysteries . It 's like that mythical party that you 've only heard of , but never knew when and where it was . Maybe I 'm just out too young , or out of the loop . For example , Twitter became really popular at SXSW in 2007 . Shit went down at SXSW with Mark Zuckerberg and Sarah Lacy in 2008 .
Luckily , thanks to a fantastic advisor and mentor , Jennifer 8 . Lee , I had the opportunity to attend SXSWv2v , the startup-oriented version of SXSW in Las Vegas . They really knows SXSW ( and throws awesome parties there ) . In fact , they even joke about a “ Jenny Lee rule ” , that is circulated by the SXSW team .
Leah Hunter ( L ) , Brady Forrest ( M ) , Dave Mcclure ( R )
Be a speaker at SXSW . Share your expertise and passion with an audience who can help take your career to the next level .
There are some 3,000 panel proposals submitted each year through PanelPicker , with about 500 that are ultimately selected . 1 out of 6 ? Not bad . They do n't pay for travel , but you do get a free gold badge for SXSW , which also lets you see films . That 's an awesome deal .
At SXSWv2v this week , the director of SXSW Interactive , Hugh Forrest , and a producer , Christine Auten , gave a rare presentation with tips how to maximize your chances on getting a panel selected for SXSW . The deadline is this Friday , July 24 . So hurry .
At SXSWV2V this week , the director of SXSW Interactive , Hugh Forrest , and a producer , Christine Auten , gave a rare presentation with tips how to maximize your chances on getting a panel selected for SXSW .
Before we get into the listicle ( 10 tips ) , lets go over the judging process .
How the Judging Process Works
Through multiple iterations over the years ( essentially since 2007 ) , the judging process has been fine tuned to the formula below : 30 % staff , 30 % public voting , and 40 % advisory board .
So cozying up to the dozens of advisory members and staff could be hugely beneficial , but probably pretty hard to pull off ( unless you have already stalked them ) .
This means that cozying up to the dozens of advisory members and staff could be hugely beneficial , but probably hard to pull off ( unless you have already stalked them ) .
So if you 're serious about attending SXSW , I 'd suggest taking a quick read below .
Christine Auten and Hugh Forrest presenting the 10 tips below .
10 Tips for SXSW
Beat the Deadline . The PanelPicker for SXSW 2016 is due Friday July 24th at 11:59pm CST . Want the juicy secret ? Apparently they do tend to extend the deadline a few days . I would n't bank on it though . This is one of the first indications that you can follow directions . This is a big deal for the coordinators when they 're receiving over 3,000 submissions . Download the PDF . The PanelPicker application is at least five pages , and actually does take time and thoughtful effort to complete . Perhaps it would be in your best interest to download the PDF to get a headstart , and collect resources you may need . Focus on your passion . While SXSW does have the projected trends of 2016 on their website , you 'll have the greatest chance of success if you make a presentation on something you 're passionate about . While this may seem obvious to some , there will be an allure to focus on a topic you think the audience would be into ( 30 % is from public voting ! ) , which may cause you to lose focus from your original idea . Have confidence in yourself , yo . Depth Over Width . Because the SXSW audience typically tends to be professionals in their fields , they appreciate topics that are more advanced , with in-depth information . Do n't try to cover a range of topics , drill it down to what really matters . If you think about the audience , these people are professionals in their fields , and probably yours . No one wants to attend an Econ 101 lecture . Diversity is Important . Basically , the more you diverge from white males from San Francisco and New York , the more bonus points you have . In fact , SXSW is so emphatic about it , it has an acronym called GLOVE , which they officially use to evaluate submissions . Gender ( An all male panel will 100 % not fly . If you have 3 males in your bro-group , find a female ! ) , Location ( This might be one of the first times being in a fly-over state actually helps ) , Opinion ( If you decide to have a panel , you 'll actually benefit from arguing with each other : - ) conflict → drama → interest ) , Variety ( There is a limit of one panel per speaker , also known unofficially as “ The Robert Scoble Rule ” ) , and Ethnicity ( With the tech world being plagued by low racial diversity , SXSW wants to be as pro-active as possible ) . Include a Video ! Of course a face-to-face meeting would be ideal when pitching your idea . What 's the next best thing ? A video . This video does not have to be professionally produced , but it 's nice to get a feel for who you are . If you do n't have one , absolutely include slides with photos . Does Your Title Reflect Your Description ? As you know , part of the decision making process is the public 's vote . They tend to read only the title , and questions you are answering . You need to make sure those 50 characters of your title reflect the essence of your presentation . If you ca n't communicate your vision well on paper , how are they to trust that you can do it well in front of 100+ people ? Does your Title Reflect your Description ? As you know , part of the decision making process is the public 's vote . They tend to read only the title , and questions you are answering . You need to make sure those 50 characters of your title reflect the essence of your speech . If you ca n't communicate your vision well on paper , how are they to trust that you can do it well in front of 100+ people ? do n't type in all lower case Again , the PanelPicker is a test to see if you can follow directions . Punctuation and grammar is important . Please do n't type your title in all lower case , nor your description . In addition , PLEASE DO N'T TYPE IN ALL CAPITAL LETTERS . IT DOES NOT HELP YOU GET YOUR POINT ACROSS . Proofread One More Time Please ! Nothing kills a good proposal like misspellings , grammar , and typos . Just like your resume or your college application , get some fresh eyes on your proposal , and be sure to edit it over and over again . ~bonus~ Apply to other SXSW Events . SXSW will receive more than 3,000 proposals . SXSW Edu will receive about 1,500 proposals . SXSW Music will receive about 700 proposals . SXSW Film will receive about 300 proposals . Not only do you increase your odds by applying to these other events , they encourage it . That said , do n't apply to SXSW Film if you have nothing to say about film . If you can spin your main SXSW proposal to fit the others better , do it !
As of publishing this , there are only a few days left until the deadline . But imagine the ROI you 'd receive when you get the chance to speak at the festival . Remember , submit your PanelPicker submission by Friday ( Maybe even Sunday , but do n't quote me on that ) and make sure that your submission is just a little worse than mine , so I can get a spot too ; )
Apply Here : http : //www.sxsw.com/music/conference/panelpicker
Prussia 's Emergence as a Military Power
After the decline of the Holy Roman Empire , the Kingdom of Prussia eventually emerged as the dominant power in central Europe . Prussia had been colonized and Germanized during the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries by the Knights of the Teutonic Order , a military order of German monks that pushed back or overran the Slavs in the area . The knights were crushed by the Poles and Lithuanians in 1410 at the Battle of Tannenberg , but in the next century the Hohenzollern Dynasty that ruled Brandenburg and made Berlin its residence was able to win control over West Prussia , Silesia , Pomerania , and eventually much of the Rhineland and Westphalia .
The German military heritage was epitomized by a succession of Prussian rulers in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries . The first of these was the Great Elector , Frederick William ( r. 1640-88 ) , who recognized that a standing army with an elite officer corps was the key to the development of a powerful state in their remote part of the empire . Their grandson , Frederick William I ( r. 1713-40 ) , more than doubled the size of their professional army to 90,000 and added a trained reserve of conscripted peasants , forming one of the most modern and efficient fighting units in eighteenth-century Europe . Heavy taxes supported the army , which consumed 80 percent of state revenues even in peacetime . The next Prussian king , Frederick II ( r. 1740-86 ) , known to posterity as Frederick the Great , raised the strength of the army to 150,000 and launched a series of wars between 1740 and 1763 , wresting control of the province of Silesia from Habsburg Austria . Prussia had become one of the most powerful continental states and a contender with the Habsburgs for domination over the myriad German political entities .
The aristocratic character of the officer corps was established early in the eighteenth century as Prussian kings tried to gain the support of wealthy landed aristocrats , known as Junkers , by granting them a virtual monopoly over the selection of officers . In 1733 a cadet school was established in Berlin to train sons of Junkers to be officers . The officer corps was well on the way to becoming the most privileged social class in Prussia .
The chauvinistic militarism of Prussia inspired fear and hatred among other European states and peoples . Under the strong leadership of a self-perpetuating general staff , the army brooked little interference in its affairs by the civil government . Nevertheless , the failure to reform and the lack of preparedness after the death of Frederick the Great in 1786 led to the army 's decisive defeat by Napoleon 's forces at Jena in October 1806 .
Over the next few years , General Gerhard von Scharnhorst guided the revitalization of the army . Reforms included the introduction of universal military service and an end to dependence on mercenaries . The officer corps was expanded to include commoners , and officers were encouraged to take greater initiative in battle . The new Prussian army distinguished itself at the Battle of Leipzig in 1813 and again at Waterloo in 1815 , where , under the command of Field Marshal Gebhard von Bluecher , the army was instrumental in the ultimate defeat of Napoleon .
Prussia 's reputation for military efficiency was reestablished by the army 's final victories over Napoleon . The Prussian War College ( Kriegsakademie ) became a model for military staff colleges around the world in the early nineteenth century . A book of that era -- On War -- written by Karl ( Carl ) von Clausewitz , a Prussian general , became a classic , its theories of land warfare still studied by officers of many armies more than 160 years after the author 's death .
The unification of the many German states into the German Empire ( 1871-1918 ) followed Prussian-led victories over Denmark in 1864 , Austria in 1866 , and France in 1870-71 . Prussia 's aggressive policies were masterminded by Otto von Bismarck , who became united Germany 's first chancellor . Following unification , the legendary Prussian General Staff became the German General Staff . Clausewitz 's dictum that civilians should control the military was ignored , and the General Staff became a power center in the highly militaristic regimes of Kaiser Wilhelm I ( 1858-88 ) and Kaiser Wilhelm II ( 1888-1918 ) .
Mickey Mousecapade , released in Japan as Mickey Mouse : Fushigi no Kuni no Daibouken ( ミッキーマウス 不思議の国の大冒険 , `` Mickey Mouse : Adventures in Wonderland '' ) , is a platform game developed and published by Hudson Soft originally in 1987 for the Family Computer ( Famicom ) in Japan . [ 1 ] Capcom released the game for the Nintendo Entertainment System ( NES ) in the United States .
The character of Mickey Mouse attempts to save a young girl who happens to be Alice from Alice in Wonderland . Minnie Mouse follows Mickey around and occasionally gets kidnapped . Various villains from Disney cartoons make an appearance as bosses .
Premise [ edit ]
Mickey Mouse in the first stage - the Fun House
Mickey and Minnie are traveling through the Fun House , the Ocean , the Forest , the Pirate Ship , and the Castle trying to rescue someone mentioned only as `` a friend '' in ads and the instruction manual . In the game 's ending , the friend is revealed to be Alice from Alice in Wonderland . In the Japanese version , Alice is prominently featured on the box art and instruction manual .
The title screen of the American version refers to the game by its Japanese title , which is simply Mickey Mouse . A Hidden Mickey can be found embedded in the circuit board when the game cartridge is opened . [ 2 ]
Regional differences [ edit ]
While the gameplay , soundtrack and premise to rescue Alice is the same , there are a considerable number of differences between Capcom 's American release and Hudson 's original game for the Famicom , especially when it comes to the use of Disney characters .
Both versions make use of Disney villains for bosses but not one of them is present in both versions . For example , the Cheshire Cat from Alice in Wonderland is the first boss in the Japanese version , but in the American version they were replaced by Witch Hazel . Many Disney characters who appear as regular foes in the Japanese version were also replaced in the American version by other Disney villains . Unlike other Mickey Mouse video games , Pete is not the final boss ; instead , that role is played by Maleficent in the American version of the game and by the Queen of Hearts on the Japanese version . Pete does however appear as the fourth boss on the American version .
The Japanese version was based , first and foremost , on the film Alice in Wonderland and most references about Disney on this version derive from this same movie , although some references to Peter Pan are also made , such as having Captain Hook as the fourth boss in the game . The American localization used a more varied formula , with enemies coming from The Jungle Book , Country Bear Jamboree , Sleeping Beauty and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs . Some of the items also underwent changes . In the Japanese version , Mickey could refill their life bar by picking up Donald Duck 's head but this item was replaced in the American conversion by a simple diamond . Mickey uses throwing stars as a weapon in the American version . However , in Hudson 's version , they shoot white balls . The stage names were also edited . For example , the first stage which is known in the American version as the `` Fun House '' was the `` Little House '' in the Japanese version .
Reception [ edit ]
Reception Review score Publication Score AllGame [ 3 ]
Allgame 's Skyler Miller described the visuals as serviceable , but the music as overly repetitive . [ 3 ] Miller awarded the game two out of five stars . IGN rated it the 86th greatest NES game of all time . [ 4 ]
See also [ edit ]
The Republican presidential race has taken on a white-hot intensity here as Minnesotans prepare to caucus Tuesday night , with major candidates scurrying across the state hoping to gain an edge that could reshape the contest .
The caucuses come at a critical point , with several of the candidates jockeying for survival , hoping to once again unseat current frontrunner Mitt Romney .
At a last-minute rally in the Minneapolis Convention Center , more than 1,800 people jammed in to hear Ron Paul . `` They call us dangerous , '' they told the cheering crowd . `` We are dangerous to the status quo and to the people who have been ripping us off ! ''
Earlier in the day , Paul drew more than 900 supporters in St . Cloud .
Rick Santorum kicked off their day in Rochester , telling an overflow crowd at the Kahler Hotel that frontrunner Romney was not only `` unqualified '' to debate President Obama on health care , but should be `` disqualified . ''
Romney returned fire via a surrogate , former Gov . Tim Pawlenty , and in scorching local mailers that savaged Santorum 's congressional record in Washington .
Newt Gingrich issued a blistering attack on President Obama , vowing major and immediate change , in their first pre-caucus appearance in Minnesota Monday night .
In a speech to several hundred supporters at the Ramada Hotel in Bloomington , Gingrich was unruffled by hecklers and focused their attack on Obama . They also aimed some shots at Romney , whom they accused of being a moderate who would not undertake the needed changes in Washington .
`` The real underlying question in this campaign is whether we want an election that involves real change on a large scale , '' Gingrich told a packed conference room . `` Or whether we want an election that has small differences , fighting over who is going to manage the decay . ''
GOP horse race
The fiery rhetoric comes as the campaigns take aim in the impossible-to-call Minnesota caucuses .
Dave Nesberg of Rochester grabbed a yard sign on Monday , ready to get more involved in this GOP primary horse race , they said , than they ever has been before .
`` I 'm not really into politics , '' they said . `` This is very unusual for me . This is the first time I 've ever made the effort . The first time in my life . ''
For the past few years , they said , he 's gotten more concerned about government policies , and Santorum 's message that power should come from the bottom up , and not the top down , resonated with him .
But political watchers of late are zeroing in increasingly on Paul , who trails in recent polls but who has spent months quietly building a formidable army of supporters that may wield an outsized influence in Tuesday 's non-binding poll .
A wide spectrum of Republican strategists now say Paul 's passionate and deeply devoted followers could swarm the caucuses , giving the Texas member of congress their first win and potentially creating a seismic reshuffling of the GOP field .
National political experts are paying particularly close attention , because the state has a history of embracing quirky politicians , potentially giving Paul their last , best shot .
With Romney piling up impressive wins in New Hampshire , Florida and Nevada , time is running out for an alternative candidate to emerge as a credible threat . Minnesota has become the logical place to take a stand , make headlines and shake up the race .
'You have to do well '
Santorum , who will be campaigning in Blaine on Tuesday , has hit spots from Bemidji to Waconia urging voters to hit `` reset '' on the race .
`` If you 're vying for that contender spot , you have to do well this week , '' said Gary Borgendale , a conservative Christian activist who is helping Santorum in Minnesota . Borgendale was among a fistful of endorsements Santorum released Monday night that included a dozen state senators .
Polls have found Minnesota 's caucus nearly impossible to predict .
Only a sliver of GOP voters will turn out for the straw poll , perhaps as few as 60,000 . A week ago , one poll showed Gingrich leading . On Sunday , the same polling outfit had Santorum holding a slight lead , with Romney in second , then Gingrich and Paul trailing .
The attention is unusual because Minnesota 's caucuses are nonbinding . But in a race this contentious , even bragging rights count .
`` Very few people in that next state are going to know how meaningless a caucus is or what it has in terms of bearing in the long term , '' said national GOP strategist Chris Ingram , who supports Romney .
Pawlenty on Monday filled in for Romney , speaking before a gathering of about two dozen . They challenged Santorum 's conservative credentials and accused them of being addicted to government largesse .
In the closing hours before the caucuses , Minnesotans were far from converging on a single candidate .
Jennifer Maki , 24 , drove down from Duluth to hear Paul . `` He 's the only one who will speak the truth about the economy and make the actual real changes that other politicians area afraid to make , '' they said .
Melanie Stoen , of Austin , showed up to the Santorum event with their seven children in tow .
Image copyright Kahilah Image caption The Port Said event was planned by five secondary school students
Girls in northern Egypt have launched a bike-riding campaign in protest against widespread intolerance towards female cyclists .
It 's unusual to see women cycling in Egypt , and some of those who do so face harassment from passers-by . But five teenagers in the city of Port Said are trying to change that . They created a group called `` There is no difference '' to promote cycling as an option for female travellers , prompted by steep rises in the cost of taxi and minibus rides since the government slashed fuel subsidies .
Their first event was a mass bike ride in the coastal city that attracted both male and female cyclists . `` We want to show that there is no difference between boys and girls , '' Israa Fayed , one of the organisers , tells government-sponsored Al-Qanal TV . `` Girls can ride bikes , and our first aim is to get society accustomed to the sight of a girl on a bike . ''
The initiative has attracted support from women 's rights group Kahilah . Its founder , Enas al-Maasarawy , says hundreds of young people got on their bikes for the event . `` There was a great turnout . We think it is the beginning of a change , '' they told the BBC .
There was plenty of praise on the event 's Facebook page , where one of the girls taking part said they were united around one goal : `` To make the society believe that riding bikes is normal , and there is nothing shameful about it . ''
There has been widespread concern over women 's rights in Egypt in recent years after a spike in sexual harassment and violence against women following the country 's 2011 revolution . New punishments were introduced for offenders in 2014 , including jail terms of up to five years .
Next story : Ancient Egypt crocodile surprise at Dutch museum
Use # NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter .
Season 4 , Episode 6 - Tabula Rasa
A word from Management : Oh my god , the stupid ...
McKay [ waking up ] : Huh ? What ? What 's going on ? Why ca n't I remember my name ? Why am I ziptied to a chair with an iPad in front of me ? And why is there a Post-It note on the iPad that says 'push here ' ?
Management : Wow , nice expository infodump , especially for someone with total retrograde amnesia .
McKay : Thanks , strange directionless voice . I do n't even remember my own name , but I probably practice .
[ pushes iPad button ]
McKay-on-iPad : Hi , Rodney . I 'm yourself from a few hours ago . There 's not a lot of time , so you need to listen closely : I ziptied myself to the chair to make sure that I 'd see the iPad when I woke up . There 's a knife duct-taped to the bottom of the chair so you can cut yourself loose . This is Atlantis and all of the people in it are your friends . Unfortunately , we all caught a disease which makes you forget absolutely everything . Major Lorne and some soldiers are out in the halls trying to corral people into the mess hall ; I do n't think they know why they 're doing it anymore so you probably ca n't argue with them . Teyla and Ronon are both immune to the disease because reasons . Ronon and Sheppard went to the mainland to get a plant they need to make the cure . Here are the pictures of all three of them . Here 's a map with your lab marked . Go there , finish the program that will override the safety protocols so you can aerosolize the cure and pump it through the air system . As soon as Teyla and Ronon show up you can cure everyone . Good luck !
McKay : What ? How in the world am I supposed to finish that program ? ! I do n't remember my own name , much less the inner workings of some complicated computer system !
McKay-on-iPad : Oh , one more thing : your name is Rodney McKay , and to finish the program all need to do is push 'Return ' on the keyboard . I 'm not sure why I did n't do that before leaving the room , but I did n't . Okay , good luck !
McKay : That was two more things . And what about the cure ? Even if this Teyla and Ronon come back with the plant , who 's going to turn it into a cure and then aerosolize it ?
Management : Sssshh . Just sing the MST3K theme song and get moving .
[ A few hours later ]
Teyla : Well , that was surprisingly easy .
Ronon : Seriously . Can you imagine if McKay had left themselves some ridiculously cryptic message like 'This is Teyla , you need to find her ' with no further explanation ?
Sheppard : Well , it probably would have been more exciting . I mean , just think about it—there might have been dramatic running through hallways , hiding from Lorne , being captured , breaking out of the brig . It would have been great !
McKay : It would have been stupid . I 'm smarter than everyone else on this base put together , Sheppard—do you really think I 'd be that much of an idiot ?
Sheppard , Teyla , and Ronon : [ trade significant glances ]
Ronon : Well , there was that one time , when you blew up a planet .
Teyla : And that other time , when you almost destroyed the universe .
Sheppard : And that other other time , when you—
McKay : All right , all right . Still , any idiot would have realized that they could take ninety seconds to leave clear directions . I mean , what do you think I am—some stupid TV character who picks up the idiot ball just to create dramatic tension for forty-one minutes ?
Sheppard , Teyla , and Ronon : [ trade significant glances ]
Huge handguns , silver with black grips , hover over parts of Erie .
The guns , plastered on two eastside billboards and seen on an electronic billboard along Peach Street , are designed to get the public 's attention .
Of more importance to the Erie Bureau of Police is the message underneath : `` Keep your neighborhood safe . Report gun crimes . ''
The billboards , installed over the past 10 days , ask residents to report gun crimes in progress by calling 911 , or to report gun-related incidents to the bureau by calling a nonemergency tip line at 870-1115 .
It 's the latest step in ongoing efforts to curb gun violence in the city , particularly in an eastside neighborhood where federal funding is supporting increased police patrols and other anti-crime programs .
A portion of the $ 300,000 Project Safe Neighborhoods grant Erie received a year ago for anti-crime efforts in the East Bayfront neighborhood -- which sits between East 12th Street and the Bayfront Parkway from Parade Street to Payne Avenue -- was earmarked for advertising , Erie Police Chief Randy Bowers said . After considering the best way to use that portion of the grant , officials met with Lamar Advertising and came up with a plan to buy some billboard space in the targeted neighborhood .
The space they purchased is on billboards at East 12th Street and East Avenue and at East Sixth Street and the Bayfront Parkway .
`` The whole idea of the advertising campaign is to hopefully help us get information from residents in the Project Safe Neighborhoods area on gun crime . We 'll take any information , anonymously or otherwise , on the tip line , '' Bowers said .
The space on the electronic billboard at West 16th and Peach streets was donated by Lamar Advertising as a public service , Bowers said .
Lamar Advertising officials believe that , although the grant limits the police bureau to advertising only in the East Bayfront neighborhood , it was important to spread the message around the city , said Lauren Coletta , digital director for Lamar Advertising of Erie .
`` Obviously crime does not happen in just that part of the city , '' they said .
The gun crime message will rotate through Lamar Advertising 's 15 electronic billboards in the city , Coletta said .
Bowers said they hope the billboards generate calls not just on gun crimes , but also on any other criminal investigations conducted by their officers .
`` We know it 's not going to be a miracle cure . But it 's another way the public can reach us and give us information on criminal activity , '' they said .
TIM HAHN can be reached at 870-1731 or by e-mail . Follow them on Twitter at twitter.com/ETNhahn .
The Bay Area 's wages are getting higher , far outpacing most of the country , but more residents are finding their paychecks ca n't keep up with the region 's skyrocketing cost of living .
The typical Silicon Valley income — well over $ 100,000 annually — is now double the national average , according to a Bay Area News Group analysis of ten years of federal data . But while pay here is soaring , the cost of housing is rising even faster .
Related Articles Bay Area homes : Median price now $ 735,000 but July sales are lowest in 5 years
Job growth surges during July in Bay Area
Bay Area job market still solid , despite August slip Even workers in technology — the sector driving the region 's economic boom — are finding out that the “ haves ” do n't always have enough . And for those making far less , the prospects are grim .
“ We have a two-income family — we both make good money — but it seems like every month , the expenses keep rising , ” said Nicole Tembrevilla , a recruiter for an East Bay tech company . Together , Tembrevilla and their husband , who own a home in San Ramon , make in the low $ 200,000 range .
“ It 's hard to save money , ” said Tembrevilla , who lives in San Ramon with their husband and two children , one in high school and the other in middle school . “ It 's home improvements , the car , car insurance , tuition — it 's overwhelming . And we 're trying to save up for college . ”
Residents say the biggest obstacle to making ends meet is simple : The Bay Area 's mammoth home prices and soaring rents .
“ I 'm getting good pay raises , but you really have to make around $ 150,000 a year to be able to afford a house around here , ” said Joseph Martin , of Mountain View , a systems administrator with a San Jose tech company . Martin says they make in the high five-figure range . “ The real question is , ‘ How do you afford to find a place to live here ? ' ”
For those making below the average wage , owning a home is out of reach . They 're just trying to survive .
Christine Zeyen and their boyfriend moved to San Jose from Arizona a few months ago , hoping to improve their financial and work situation .
“ We are just barely making ends meet , ” said Zeyen , as they shopped at a San Jose thrift store . “ The expenses here are a real eye-opener . ”
Zeyen works about 30 hours a week in behavioral therapy and receives financial help from their father to boost their income to roughly $ 25,000 annually . Them boyfriend makes about $ 60,000 a year working for Frito Lay . But in San Jose , that 's far from enough .
“ It takes everything we have to pay the bills , ” Zeyen said . “ We moved here to make a better future for ourselves . It 's hard to say if it 's worth it . ”
Over the last five years , average wages in the Bay Area 's five most populous counties have risen by roughly 30 percent . In those same five years , the period of recovery and economic expansion after the Great Recession , home prices in those counties have soared more than 87 percent . In the more affordable East Bay , the median home price has doubled .
The gap between wages and home prices is n't the only disparity underscored by this news organization 's analysis of wage trends in the Bay Area .
Wages in the three counties with higher concentrations of technology companies far outpace those in counties with relatively few tech jobs . At the end of June , Santa Clara County had 344,700 tech jobs , and the East Bay had 137,400 . At the end of March , annual pay averaged $ 114,920 in Santa Clara County , $ 114,140 in San Mateo County and $ 106,808 in San Francisco , according to the federal government 's closely watched Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages .
But in the East Bay , wages averaged $ 70,356 in Alameda County and $ 66,820 in Contra Costa County ,
“ The Bay Area is a tale of three different economies , ” said Jon Haveman , principal economist with San Rafael-based Marin Economic Consulting . “ You have Santa Clara County , the Peninsula and San Francisco with extremely high-wage jobs . You have the East Bay , which has good wages and is more middle-income , along with Marin . ”
And Sonoma and Solano have even lowed average wages .
The Quarterly Census figures show the pay gap between the Bay Area region and the rest of the country is accelerating .
In large part , that 's because tech companies fuel the Bay Area 's economic engine — and its surge in wages . Firms often dangle big paychecks , bonuses and stock options as part of the scramble to lure talent and retain prized workers .
“ The war for talent is driving all of this , ” said Russell Hancock , president of Joint Venture Silicon Valley . “ … The tech boom and wage growth have created a class of the uber-rich in the Bay Area . ”
Still , strong paydays in the technology industry are n't always enough , as tech worker Martin has discovered .
Martin said they and their girlfriend , a preschool teacher , hope to buy a house in Mountain View , Sunnyvale , Santa Clara or San Francisco . They want to avoid the grind of commuting from the Central Valley or other outlying areas , but the harsh reality of home prices in the $ 800,000 , $ 900,000 or even $ 1 million range has jolted them .
“ It 's crazy how expensive homes are , ” said Martin , 26 . “ I do n't know too many people my age who can afford the homes here . ”
Case in point : Over the five years that ended in July , the median home price has rocketed up 94 percent in San Mateo County , 74 percent in Santa Clara County and 67 percent in San Francisco , according to figures from the CoreLogic real estate information service . While the median in the East Bay is lower , home prices there have increased even more : up 105 percent in Contra Costa County and up 99 percent in Alameda County .
Bay Area poverty rates dipped for the first time in 10 years , according to recent census data , but in the metropolitan region of San Francisco , Hayward and Oakland alone , there were still 485,000 people living in poverty in 2015 . That 's just a slight dip from the 491,000 in poverty in 2014 .
“ The rising cost of living is creating poverty , ” said Micah Weinberg , president of the Bay Area Council Economic Institute , singling out the region 's increasing home prices .
Silicon Valley 's concentration of tech workers , with their top-flight paychecks , increases the chances that people will bid up housing values .
“ The high earners who are doing really well , they are paying cash for houses , and the rest of us ca n't do that , ” Hancock said . “ Most people ca n't compete in the housing market . That 's created a brutal environment in Silicon Valley . ”
Ben Mohr , a San Ramon-based retirement planner who works with a cross-section of people , hears plenty of stories about the challenges of living in this region .
“ You have to make a lot of money just to keep up with how much things cost here , ” Mohr said . “ What 's happening in the Bay Area reminds you of what you see in places like Manhattan . ”
Vanessa Cueva , who lives in Tracy and works for a staffing services firm in Pleasanton , would like a shorter commute . But the reality , they say , is you have to go where the jobs are .
“ I would try to find a job in the Central Valley , but there really is n't as much work there , ” said Cueva . “ So I have to commute back and forth . That is a hard hour , hour-and-a-half of driving . ”
The pattern of sharply rising wages in Silicon Valley is likely to persist , experts say .
“ Demand for hiring is going to continue , ” said Stephen Levy , director of the Palo Alto-based Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy . “ And that will keep the upward pressure on wages in Silicon Valley . ”
Help is apparently on the way for one of Grey 's Anatomy ‘ s unbalanced MDs .
Acting vet Bill Smitrovich — whose mile-long , TV-packed resume includes roles on Life Goes On , The Practice , Without a Trace and , most recently , TNT 's The Last Ship — will guest star in an upcoming Grey 's episode as ( rumor has it ) a shrink .
An ABC rep confirmed Smitrovich 's casting , but declined to provide any further details . However , according to sources , the 68-year-old will turn up in Season 12 's 10th episode as an “ easy , funny , kind , fatherly ” therapist .
The obvious beneficiary of Smitrovich 's sage counsel is still-grieving widow Meredith , but Grey Sloan is , of course , a breeding ground for dysfunctional docs . Perhaps they will serve as a mediator between feuding physicians Owen and new doc Nathan ( Martin Henderson ) ?
Who do you think — or , more importantly , hope — Smitrovich will be counseling ? Theories are currently being accepted in the comments !
Photographer Vincent J. Musi spent more than eight years working on a photo story about the ACE Basin—which is currently featured in the November issue of National Geographic Magazine . Emails from their editor , Elizabeth Krist , help tell the saga of why it took so long to photograph their own backyard :
* * * * *
From : Elizabeth Krist
Subject : ACE
Date : 2/4/12
Any inspiration ? I just keep thinking : we 've set loose an obsessive perfectionist in the middle of a swamp…
E
* * * * *
Sometimes you just ca n't get there from here .
I 've worked around the world for National Geographic magazine but the most elusive assignment for me has been just 50 miles from my home .
In the summer of 2006 I was commissioned to create a portfolio celebrating South Carolina 's ACE Basin . It 's a special place where three rivers and a community came together to preserve one of the last great watersheds .
View Images Spanish Moss and Live Oaks located a one hour drive from my home in South Carolina .
At eight years from original proposal to final publication in the November issue , the project should hold the all-time record for the longest time on the schedule at the magazine .
Now do n't blame me entirely , some things came up . I 've been pulled away for at least six other stories deemed by the editors to be more important . Still , in an attempt to understand why it took so long , I retraced the last eight years in emails from Senior Photo Editor Elizabeth Krist . What follows is a very one-sided account , edited for brevity and to make me look good .
View Images I amassed a collection of mostly 19th century lenses and equipment . Working with vintage large format equipment and modern films was my first idea on how to give the essay a different look . Of course , I knew nothing about this equipment , I just wanted to be like Sally Mann in color .
From : Elizabeth Krist
Subject : ACE
Date : 10/25/06
Hey , guess what ? Ace Basin is scheduled for July 2008 , layout due January 1st , 2008 . When are the best seasons for you to go into the field ? Maybe we could do a pitch meeting early next year ?
Elizabeth
* * * * *
Landscape was never one of my strong suits . What was I thinking ? I needed time to get my act together and come up with a stylistic approach . At the same time , Photo Editor Kathy Moran had been calling me about another story and I wondered what it was about .
View Images 2008 . Total Fail with 4×5 View Camera . Unintentional double exposure and discovery of hole in shutter curtain that accounts for the “ UFO ” at the top right .
From : Elizabeth Krist
Subject : ACE
Date : 9/12/2007
Have you started shooting yet ? just curious… .
eliz
* * * * *
That story Kathy was calling about turned into a huge project . It would change my life and keep me on assignment for nearly a year making portraits of really famous animals .
It was a lot of travel . I went to England to photograph a crow ; California for a fish ; and all the way to Austria to shoot a marmoset who peed all over me .
Yet I could n't get to Green Pond , S.C. , to save my life . And truthfully , the idea of dodging rattlesnakes and bird-sized mosquitoes was far from my mind . When I got home , I wanted to spend time with my family , recover , and get that marmoset stink out of my clothes .
View Images The only good picture I ever made with the large format camera was of Charles Lane , an assistant and guide on my first trip . I moved to digital shortly after .
From : Elizabeth Krist
Subject : ACE
Date : 7/16/2008
Hi , we 're now in the May 2010 issue ! So , the pressure 's off .
If you finish sooner , I 'm sure they 'll move it up again , but this way you can do it at your own pace… .
eliz
* * * * *
Photo Editor Sadie Quarrier now has me photographing an archaeological site that neither of us could pronounce the name of in Turkey .
Writing Elizabeth from there , I saw utility poles shaking and swaying from my fourth-floor hotel room .
View Images Controlled Burn . Ernest F. Hollings ACE Basin Wildlife Refuge
From : Elizabeth Krist
Subject : ACE
Date : 9/23/2009
An EARTHQUAKE ? ? ? Glad you were n't swallowed up , Vinnie .
[ Director of Photography ] Kurt [ Mutchler ] asked me today about Ace Basin . I told them you had made one foray into the field to test out equipment and play with styles , techniques , etc. , but that you have n't done any real shooting yet . Would you say that that 's accurate ? I 'm assuming you will want to take several small trips next year ? ( Not just one long trip ) We had talked about May 1 as the completion date , but I can change it as we get closer if you feel you need more time .
eliz
* * * * *
It did n't seem like three years had passed , but maybe because I was feeling really weak after this last trip to Turkey where we spent time with a family of semi-nomadic Kurdish sheepherders .
Then the South Carolina Department of Health called to tell me I had been diagnosed with Giardia . They wanted to know where I might have gotten it .
View Images Sunrise , Edisto River . The longest undammed blackwater river in North America .
From : Elizabeth Krist
Subject : ACE
12/8/2010
Good news !
Ace Basin moved to Oct 2012 .
* * * * *
Recent travels to Siberia , Kazakhstan , Norway , St. Petersburg , Russia , Edinburgh , Scotland , Indiana , New York , Florida , Minnesota , Colorado , France , England , Turkey…everywhere but the ACE Basin .
View Images This photograph of young J.D . Cate and their dog after a duck hunt kept the project alive for me and maybe for the editors as well .
From : Elizabeth Krist
Subject : ACE
Date : 3/30/11
I should probably tell you , even though I really do n't want to , that they 've talked about killing the story if we ca n't wrap up shooting by the end of the year . I keep repeating the fact that you 're so busy because they keep sending you out on other stories , and that the landscape is timeless .
But just giving you a heads-up… .
E
View Images Botany Bay Island
From : Elizabeth Krist
Subject : ACE
Date : 2/17/12
My feeling is that your coming in to show Ace is the best guarantee that it wo n't be killed…
View Images Pilot Roger Medlin towing us in from the runway on one of our failed attempts .
From : Elizabeth Krist
Subject : ACE
Date : 6/24/2013
sorry to nag , but will you be done with ACE by October 1 ? THANKS ,
E
* * * * *
The last thing we needed to complete the essay was an aerial , and an aerial was the last thing I wanted to do . Aerials are a delicate balancing act of weather , budget and persistence .
You wait , hope , plan , fail ; repeat .
I found a willing pilot and an available aircraft so it became a waiting game over several months . On the very first night the light was great , but we got caught in a severe electrical storm and had to turn back .
Then began a series of outings where the airplane would fail in some way , be it the generator or an electrical short in the avionics .
I was n't happy with what I had , but eventually shared my last attempts with Elizabeth in a desperate attempt for more time .
View Images 10/16/2013 . 5:25 p.m. A few minutes later , just as the light started to get better , we had to quit and go back to the airport when the airplane broke again . I never went back up again .
From : Elizabeth Krist
Subject : ACE
Date11/20/2013
I love the bottom frame . Are you sure you need to go up again ? ? I think you should call it quits now . Seriously !
E
* * * * *
In my mind , I 'm not entirely done with the project but after eight years , the story “ Lowcountry Legacy ” appears in the November 2014 issue of the magazine . Estuary , an exhibit drawn from the project , can be seen from October 21-November 30 at the Charleston Library Society in Charleston South Carolina .
RELATED VIDEO : The Surprising Way Hunters Help Wildlife in South Carolina
AP Photo/Don Ryan
Officials last year voted not to expand the region 's urban growth boundary . Combined with a hot housing market , homebuyers are being forced to adjust expectations .
Last year , after renting in Portland for more than two years , Hannah Risser-Sperry and their boyfriend Nick decided to buy a home . Their eye was on Portland 's St. Johns neighborhood , a reviving but detached part of the city tucked 10 miles north of downtown where the Willamette River meets the Columbia . Their budget was $ 300,000 , a number they thought would be fair for St. Johns—though they did n't think so for long . “ When we started looking in St. Johns it seemed a reasonable spot to look because it was n't super close in , but had its own charm , ” Risser-Sperry says . “ But quickly we realized everyone noticed that , too. ” The couple quickly realized they would be up against overwhelming cash offers to buy a home . When they lost a 700-square foot house listed for $ 230,000 to a cash bid of $ 325,000 , the dream of St. Johns was over . In a city outsiders know for its weirdness , they had become the most normal thing of all : prospective homebuyers locked out by Portland 's new rules .
“ The main thing we were up against is there are a lot of people who have cash , who have exorbitant amounts of money for Portland , ” they say , “ who are able to just buy up any house you want. ” The Californians are coming A $ 300,000 budget will elicit no sympathy from Portland 's larger West Coast neighbors . But the frustrating reality for Portlanders is that for so long , their city did n't have to be like its West Coast neighbors . “ Keep Portland Weird ” is a tired aphorism by now , but the truth is Portland has always been something weird : a city that could interpose between West Coast giants without being touched by them . That isolationism is part of Portland 's nature : “ Come again and again , but for heaven 's sake , do n't move here to live , ” former Oregon Governor Tom McCall famously said . Today , however , it 's bristling against the city 's unceasing popularity . Oregon has been the top moving destination in the U.S. for three years in a row , according to United Van Lines . More telling , however , is the number of people —more than 30,000 in 2014 alone—sliding up from California , many for high-paying tech jobs . The trend is particularly hard to miss in Portland , where about 1,000 new people move every month . * Portland owes part of its popularity to a 1970s state land use law that requires every city in Oregon to surround itself with a tight urban growth boundary . The UGB is meant to constrict sprawl by determining where a city can not grow . It protects rural land , the thinking goes , but in so doing it also privileges density , and the compact , walkable , transit-smart neighborhoods that come with it . If a city can not grow out , it must grow up .
Last November , Portland Metro voted for the first time not to expand its boundary . It was n't much of a surprise ; people want to live near downtown , not on the fringes , and the Metro area has plenty of developable land . But you could also say it was a vote to preserve the essence of Portland by protecting what it was not willing to risk : the pristine Willamette Valley land that surrounded it . “ The urban growth boundary is there to protect farmland , but in some ways it 's very much attracting people to Portland , ” says Nathan McClintock , an assistant professor of urban studies at Portland State University . “ People are n't moving to Oregon to go without countryside . They 're moving to Portlandia , essentially. ” Cities are changing fast . Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter . The best way to follow issues you care about . Subscribe Loading ... The dream of the '50s is alive in Portland The question now is whether the idea of Portlandia can survive its own city . Between 2015 and 2016 , the cost of buying a home in Portland jumped from $ 369,500 to $ 412,000—the fastest-rising housing market in the U.S. “ Yes , people still want the dream , ” says Alyssa Isenstein Krueger , a broker with Living Room Realty and a member of the preservation group Stop Demolishing Portland . “ They want it more than ever now , because there 's this huge fear that if they do n't buy now they 'll never buy. ” But the more people who want it , the fewer who are able to get it . One of Isenstein Krueger 's client families moved from Los Angeles to Portland for its bicycle-friendly way of life , but after they received a 90-day notice from their landlord , they turned into quick buyers . They wanted the same Portland lifestyle they were renting , on a $ 300,000 budget . They found it , eventually , 113 blocks east of downtown . “ It 's a much longer bike commute than what they 've had , ” they say . “ But that was their compromise—we need to at least live within transit and bike lanes . They are finding their own new Portlandia. ” One obvious solution is to build more affordable multifamily housing in neighborhoods where people want to live , says Mary Kyle McCurdy of 1,000 Friends of Oregon , a nonprofit that advocates for sustainable neighborhoods . But Portland 's current zoning laws are stuck two generations in the past . “ Nobody is going to build affordable housing out the goodness of their heart . They have never done it and they never will. ” Almost half of Portland—45 percent—is zoned exclusively for single-family dwellings , they say , while only 10 percent is zoned for multi-family dwellings . It 's a stale reflection of the post-World War II world in which Portland 's zoning rules were drawn up . “ In the 1950s , two-thirds of our households were families . Today , two-thirds of our households [ consist of ] one and two people , ” McCurdy says . “ We 're aging and getting younger at both ends ; we come from different backgrounds and cultures . We need to catch up our zoning with our families today and for the future . ”
McCurdy is working with an organization called Portland For Everyone that advocates for changing some of Portland 's zoning laws to allow for more multi-family dwellings in single-family neighborhoods . If builders are allowed to build duplexes , triplexes , quads , courtyard apartments and more mother-in-law units in Portland 's most in-demand neighborhoods , they say , then families like the one from L.A. might not have to move 100 blocks east—as long as they 're willing to trade in their dream of a mid-century bungalow . But simply allowing for more density wo n't necessarily lead to more affordable housing , Isenstein Krueger says . In fact , Portland For Everyone will only lead to a Portland For Even Fewer as developers buy the homes families want and then raze them . Even if multi-family housing goes up in these neighborhoods , it wo n't be priced so most people can afford it . In their experience , it 's already happening . One couple they worked with recently bid $ 375,000 on a home that was listed for $ 320,000 in Portland 's Eastmoreland neighborhood . A developer paid $ 420,000 for the house , they say , and now has a permit to demolish it . “ This whole idea that anybody is going to build affordable housing to replace the demolished housing is a load of crock , ” they say . “ Nobody is going to build affordable housing out of the goodness of their heart . They have never done it and they never will. ” Signs of the city to come Portland State professor Megan Horst is working to dispel many of the “ sustainability myths ” beneath the idea of Portlandia that many people coming from out-of-state assume . Despite its significant commitments to sustainability , Portland still struggles with fundamental problems like poor air quality , lead in its water , insufficient bike infrastructure , pedestrian safety , and affordable , reliable transit .
When it comes to sustainability , they say , not everyone benefits equally , especially in housing . Communities of color are experiencing high levels of displacement in Portland , especially from close-in neighborhoods . “ One concern is , even if we are creating a sustainability utopia , it will only be for wealthy and largely white people , ” Horst says . The city tried to get ahead of the problem in June by approving its 2035 Comprehensive Plan , which features policies to curb gentrification and displacement , diversify types of housing , and incentivize affordable housing . Portland anticipates adding 260,000 new residents over the next 20 years , which , if true , means it will grow at its current rate for the next two decades . Not all of that growth is going to be close to downtown , Isenstein Krueger says , but also in outer suburbs like Hillsboro and Beaverton . For Portland to truly be for everyone , they say , the city should prioritize making those outer corridors more livable , rather than change the face of neighborhoods that lack the infrastructure to take on any more people . “ One concern is , even if we are creating a sustainability utopia , it will only be for wealthy and largely white people. ” “ Why do we have to destroy what we have , and what we 've had for well over a century , ” they say , “ to make room for these mythical people that may or may not come ? ” But signs of this future , denser Portland are already happening in some of the city 's most popular neighborhoods . Brendon Haggerty who is on the board of the Richmond Neighborhood Association , * which includes popular tourist corridors Southeast Division Street and Hawthorne Boulevard . Sitting in their quiet backyard near Hawthorne , you ca n't hear the tourist traffic over the sound of spotted chickens toddling nearby .
It is the dream of Portland at its most intense , but also one Haggerty realizes may soon evolve . In the new Comprehensive Plan , the lot two doors down from their house will be rezoned for townhomes . No one in the neighborhood , they say , should be afraid of change . “ They 're NIMBYs , ” they say . “ The dream of Portland is not compatible with an approach to land use that protects the privilege of incumbent property owners . ... To me it 's unquestionably a social justice issue . Neighborhoods like this provide access to a lot of opportunity for healthful and prosperous lifestyles , that you ca n't get in other neighborhoods , and we need to be making that available to as many people as possible. ” Risser-Sperry and their partner did eventually find it themselves , 10 months and six bids after their search began . Their new house is 86 blocks east of downtown , nine miles away from St. Johns , one block from a busy Interstate , and had sewage problems . There were already 10 other bids on it . “ There was a cash offer and actually a higher offer as well , ” they say . “ And they picked us based on our letter. ” In this market , you have to create your own advantage . She 's a professional writer . * CORRECTIONS : A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that 1,000 people move to Portland every month . Brendon Haggerty was incorrectly identified as the current chair of the Richmond Neighborhood Association . The current chair is Cyd Manro .
CLOSE A California startup offering easy and inexpensive blood tests to help people check themselves for STIs , celiac disease or high cholesterol levels has again run afoul of federal lab regulators . USA TODAY
Federal health regulators moved to revoke Theranos ' license to operate a California lab and bar founder Elizabeth Holmes , seen here speaking at a forum in November , from the lab business for two years . ( Photo : AP ) Story Highlights Theranos Founder Elizabeth Holmes faces ban from owning or operating a lab
Federal regulators also seek to revoke Theranos lab certificate in California
Analysts believe the federal sanctions would create hardship for the once-heralded lab company
Federal health regulators moved to revoke Theranos ' license to operate a California lab and bar founder Elizabeth Holmes from the lab business for two years , a move that also could force the once-heralded startup to shut down its Scottsdale laboratory .
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said Friday that it would impose lab sanctions by Sept. 6 , levy a civil penalty of up to $ 10,000 for each day of non-compliance , and forbid the blood-testing company from receiving payments from Medicare and Medicaid .
The sanctions , stemming from violations identified during an inspection of the Theranos ' Newark , Calif. , lab , represent a severe blow to a startup that made Arizona and its residents the main grounds to roll out proprietary — yet unapproved — testing technology . The company touted its finger-prick testing , saying that it required only a few drops of blood , making it an attractive option for health-care consumers .
Holmes said in a statement that their company takes `` full responsibility '' for its lab operations and safety issues and plans on `` rebuilding the Newark lab from the ground up . ''
`` While we are disappointed by CMS ' decision , we take these matters very seriously and are committed to fully resolving all outstanding issues with CMS and to demonstrating our dedication to the highest standards of quality and compliance , '' Holmes said in a statement released late Thursday night .
Theranos issued a follow-up statement Friday afternoon after CMS lab regulators released a 33-page document citing examples of how the testing company did not comply with lab regulations or fix violations that created `` immediate jeopardy '' to patient health and safety .
In the statement , Theranos said the California lab 's certificate revocation does not take effect for 60 days and that the company `` is considering all its options , '' including a possible appeal .
Although Holmes faces a ban from the lab business , the statement said Theranos plans to `` continue to carry out its mission under the leadership of its founder and CEO , Elizabeth Holmes . ''
Working to avoid the loss of its California lab certificate appears to be critical for Theranos . All patient samples collected at Theranos ' testing centers in Arizona are now sent to Theranos ' lab in Scottsdale , but the Arizona lab would shut down , too , for a minimum of two years , once the California lab 's certificate is revoked .
`` That means the Arizona lab would cease to operate , '' Theranos ' statement said .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Business Morning News newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong The latest local and national business headlines , delivered in the morning . Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733 . Delivery : Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Business Morning News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
The Scottsdale lab tests blood samples collected at Theranos Wellness Centers in Chandler , Scottsdale , Sun City West and Tempe .
Theranos once had a much larger constellation of testing centers in the Valley , but Arizona State University chose not to renew its lease with Theranos effective May 31 , which ended testing at ASU health clinics in downtown Phoenix and Tempe .
A bigger blow came last month when Walgreens Co. closed all 40 Theranos Wellness Center locations in its metro Phoenix stores . Theranos started opening testing centers at Walgreens stores in September 2013 , but the relationship frayed over questions about Theranos ' testing technology and scrutiny from federal regulators .
The federal regulators found problems with Theranos ' California lab in January and ordered the company to discontinue testing there until regulators approved a corrective plan . Walgreens cited those factors for terminating the relationship .
Theranos officials last month said the company is committed to Arizona , with plans to open larger , standalone retail locations .
But the federal sanctions could erode the company 's finances , particularly the proposal to end Medicare payment within 60 days .
Robert Chiffelle , a veteran Phoenix health administrator familiar with CMS lab regulations , said private health insurers typically follow the lead of Medicare . That may convince Theranos customers who depend on insurance reimbursement for lab testing to get their blood drawn elsewhere .
If CMS imposes its sanctions , `` You might as well drive a stake through ( Theranos ' ) heart , '' Chiffelle said . `` This is the end of the company . ''
In addition to CMS sanctions , Theranos faces more than a half-dozen civil lawsuits alleging the company misled consumers in Arizona and elsewhere about its finger-prick blood draws . The company marketed them as highly accurate , but they produced results the company later voided or corrected .
In its statement Friday , Theranos said it has not been made aware `` of any harm to patient health resulting from our tests . ''
Questions also have been raised about the Arizona Legislature 's role in allowing the growth of Theranos . Gov . Doug Ducey supported legislation allowing Arizona consumers to access unlimited testing without a doctor ' orders . Ducey signed the bill in April 2015 at a Theranos location in Scottsdale , saying the legislation `` expands freedoms for people across the state to get the lab tests they need . ''
While other lab companies , including Sonora Quest , expanded direct-to-consumer testing after the legislation passed , Theranos was the company that most aggressively pushed for it , contributing language to craft the measure and hiring high-powered lobbyists such as Chuck Coughlin of Higher Ground .
State Rep. Eric Meyer , D-Paradise Valley , said they were not aware of any complaints from doctors whose patients may have received inaccurate test results from Theranos .
If Theranos does not survive its regulatory and legal challenges , Meyer said they expect other lab providers may expand their retail lab-testing services .
Meyer said they are not sure whether lawmakers will seek to revisit the direct-access testing legislation .
`` We will have to see if there is a will to revisit this and make sure the consumers are protected , '' Meyer said .
Read or Share this story : http : //azc.cc/29DfUyR
Trend Micro and ASUS have created a new home security benchmark through their collaboration .
Trend Micro produces solutions for connected products to increase data security , while ASUS is known primarily for its computing systems and smart home products .
Last year , the two companies entered a partnership to allow Trend Micro to embed its new security solution into ASUS 's wireless routers and connected products .
Now , these two companies have established a new home security benchmark , which means all ASUS routers moving forward will come equipped with Trend Micro 's Development Kit . This is said to create safer connections .
According to the press release , the decision to include these more secure chips were chosen based on expert predictions of massive growth in the connected home market . The release details an estimated 20 billion home devices hitting the market by 2019 .
ASUS and Trend Micro are hoping that this IoT solution can help successfully secure the router , thus completely stopping any negative outside traffic from reaching connected devices .
Connected devices that monitor the home for cybersecurity threats can help builders stand out in a big way .
According to Parks Associates , 60 percent of American households are worried about their data being violated or stolen in a smart home attack .
If builders are not willing to go all in with ASUS routers and products , cybersecurity devices like CUJO and SENSE can also monitor the smart home 's network to keep hackers out .
It 's hilarious that of all the high school football fields in Alberta to choose to use for a week of practice after losing 60-1 to the Calgary Stampeders , the Hamilton Tiger-Cats selected the one offered by Ernest Manning High School .
The Griffins were 0-6 last year . They scored 20 points and gave up 202 .
The 0-5 Tiger-Cats , who come up the QEII for Friday 's game against the 5-0 Edmonton Eskimos , have scored 90 points and given up 201 .
How many points will the Hamilton defence give up on their two-game road trip to Alberta ? Will Kent Austin be fired if Hamilton gets eviscerated two weeks in a row ?
How many times does a horse end up being the storyline of a football game ?
Poor Quick Six , the Calgary touchdown horse that once bowled over CTV host Al McCann on the sideline , made so many TD celebration runs that the SPCA must have been preparing to take action .
If it were a few years ago , there 'd be concern whether the Edmonton fire truck that circled the field had enough gas to handle a Hamilton game Friday . Instead , the focus will be on Edmonton 's new Gatlin gun that fires mini-footballs into the stands when the Eskimos score .
Do the Eskimos have a large enough supply of mini footballs on hand to handle a Hamilton game ?
Each of their two guns fire 60 footballs into the stands after every touchdown . Also the cheerleaders and staff toss them into other areas of the stands not serviced by the contraption .
So that 's about 200 mini footballs per touchdown .
Only twice in all of CFL history has there been a more lopsided game . Montreal eviscerated Hamilton 82-14 in 1956 and Edmonton pulverized Ottawa 63-3 in 1995 .
It was the Stampeders the greatest margin of victory . Twice they 'd previously won by a mere 50 points . The most points they ever scored was 62 , also twice .
In pre-CFL days , way back in 1921 , the Eskimos beat the Calgary Tigers 72-2 . The Eskimos had 55-0 victory over Saskatchewan in 1959 , 50-0 ( 1956 ) and 54-4 ( 1989 ) wins over Calgary , 61-7 ( 1981 ) over Toronto and 64-10 ( 1995 ) against Winnipeg . Edmonton also knew the agony of lopsided defeat , losing 52-0 ( 2010 ) to Calgary , 54-8 ( 1999 ) to Hamilton , 56-8 ( 1964 ) and 55-9 ( 2008 ) to Saskatchewan .
Around the league , Winnipeg clobbered Montreal 58-2 in 1981 and throttled Saskatchewan 56-0 in 1986 .
A lot of what has happened to 0-5 Hamilton has had to do with injuries but coming to 5-0 Edmonton where the Eskimos have a longer list of wounded , including more prominent players , is no place to whine about it .
These two teams , who met in the crossover Eastern Semifinal last year no longer compare in any way .
The league has 72 statistical categories . Hamilton is dead last in 36 of them . The Eskimos lead the league in 17 of them and are second in 10 others .
The Eskimos are averaging 28.8 points a game and the Tiger-Cats 18.0 . The Esks offence has scored 14 touchdowns and the Cats five . Edmonton leads the league in time of possession at 31:43 . Hamilton is last at 26:50 . The EE leads the loop in completion percentage ( 72.3 ) , pass efficiency ( 114 ) and average gain ( 9.4 ) while the TCs are last in all three categories at 60.8 , 71.2 and 6.3 .
On the other side of the ball , Edmonton has allowed 24.2 points per game and Hamilton 40.2 . The Eskimos have given up the fewest touchdowns ( 11 ) and The Cats the most ( 23 ) .
It goes on and on .
Eskimos head coach Jason Maas was ready for the question to start the week when 630 CHED 's Dave Campbell suggested this was a “ trap game ” and jumped all over it .
“ They told us that two weeks ago when we went to Hamilton and they were 0-3 and we were 3-0 , ” said the former quarterback who is developing into one of the best quotes in the league .
“ We went in there and did n't have the lead the entire game and somehow pulled it out with 22 seconds left .
“ If you think someone in our locker room does n't remember that and is taking this game lightly , you have another thing coming .
“ I 'll also say this . Three of the last four times they 've come into Edmonton , they 've won . We 'd be damn foolish if we were taking them lightly .
“ It 's our job to defend our turf . We 're playing at home and we fully expect to go out there and win .
“ Our guys are focused , mentally and physically , on winning this game . We 're an excited football team . We love to compete . I do n't care what Hamilton 's record is . I know they 're a professional football team and the last time they came here we had a 25-point lead at halftime and lost . If you do n't think we remember that , you have another thing coming , ” they said of the most colossal collapse in Eskimos history .
“ We have enough fuel to win this game . ”
Nocturnal sleep-related eating disorder ( NSRED ) is a combination of a parasomnia and an eating disorder . It is described as being in a specific category within somnambulism or a state of sleepwalking that includes behaviors connected to a person 's conscious wishes or wants . [ 1 ] Thus many times NSRED is a person 's fulfilling of their conscious wants them to suppress ; however , this disorder is difficult to distinguish from other similar types of disorders . Other specified feeding or eating disorder Synonyms Sleep-related eating disorder ( SRED ) , sleep eating , somnambulistic eating Those with NSRED will go searching for food while sleeping . Specialty Psychiatry , sleep medicine NSRED is closely related to night eating syndrome ( NES ) except for the fact that those suffering from NES are completely awake and aware of their eating and bingeing at night while those suffering from NSRED are sleeping and unaware of what they are doing . NES is primarily considered an eating disorder while NSRED is primarily considered a parasomnia ; however , both are a combination of parasomnia and eating disorders since those suffering from NES usually have insomnia or difficulty sleeping and those suffering from NSRED experience symptoms similar to binge eating . Some even argue over whether NES and NSRED are the same or distinct disorders . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] Even though there have been debates over these two disorders , specialists have examined them to try to determine the differences . Dr. J. Winkelman noted several features of the two disorders that were similar , but they gave one important factor that make these disorders different . In their article `` Sleep-Related Eating Disorder and Night Eating Syndrome : Sleep Disorders , Eating Disorders , Or both '' , Winkelman said , `` Both [ disorders ] involve nearly nightly binging at multiple nocturnal awakenings , defined as excess calorie intake or loss of control over consumption . `` [ 1 ] They also reported that both disorders have a common occurrence of approximately one to five percent of adults , have been predominantly found in women , with a young adult onset , have a chronic course , have a primary morbidity of weight gain , sleep disruption , and shame over loss of control over food intake , have familial bases , and have been observed to have comorbid depression and daytime eating disorders . However , Winkelman said , `` The most prominent cited distinction between NES and SRED is the level of consciousness during nighttime eating episodes . `` [ 1 ] Therefore , these two disorders are extremely similar with only one distinction between them . Doctors and psychologists have difficulty differentiating between NES and NSRED , but the distinction of a person 's level of consciousness is what doctors chiefly rely on to make a diagnosis . One mistake that is often made is the misdiagnosis of NSRED for NES . [ 1 ] However , even though NSRED is not a commonly known and diagnosed disease , many people suffer from it in differing ways while doctors work to find a treatment that works for everyone ; several studies have been done on NSRED , such as the one conducted by Schenck and Mahowald . [ 3 ] These studies , in turn , provide the basic information on this disorder including the symptoms , behaviors , and possible treatments that doctors are using today . Contents
Signs and symptoms Edit
Over the past 30 years , several studies have found that those afflicted with NSRED all have different symptoms and behaviors specific to them , yet they also all have similar characteristics that doctors and psychologists have identified to distinguish NSRED from other combinations of sleep and eating disorders such as night eating syndrome . Winkelman says that typical behaviors for patients with NSRED include : `` Partial arousals from sleep , usually within 2 to 3 hours of sleep onset , and subsequent ingestion of food in a rapid or 'out of control ' manner . `` [ 4 ] They also will attempt to eat bizarre amalgamations of foods and even potentially harmful substances such as glue , wood , or other toxic materials . [ 4 ] In addition , Schenck and Mahowald noted that their patients mainly ate sweets , pastas , both hot and cold meals , improper substances such as `` raw , frozen , or spoiled foods ; salt or sugar sandwiches ; buttered cigarettes ; and odd mixtures prepared in a blender . `` [ 3 ] During the handling of this food , patients with NSRED distinguish themselves , as they are usually messy or harmful to themselves . Some eat their food with their bare hands while others attempt to eat it with utensils . This occasionally results in injuries to the person as well as other injuries . After completing their studies , Schenck and Mahowald said , `` Injuries resulted from the careless cutting of food or opening of cans ; consumption of scalding fluids ( coffee ) or solids ( hot oatmeal ) ; and frenzied running into walls , kitchen counters , and furniture . `` [ 3 ] A few of the more notable symptoms of this disorder include large amounts of weight gain over short periods of time , particularly in women ; irritability during the day , due to lack of restful sleep ; and vivid dreams at night . It is easily distinguished from regular sleepwalking by the typical behavioral sequence consisting of `` rapid , 'automatic ' arising from bed , and immediate entry into the kitchen . '' In addition , throughout all of the studies done , doctors and psychiatrists discovered that these symptoms are invariant across weekdays , weekends , and vacations as well as the eating excursions being erratically spread throughout a sleep cycle . Most people that suffer from this disease retain no control over when they arise and consume food in their sleep . Although some have been able to restrain themselves from indulging in their unconscious appetites , some have not and must turn to alternative methods of stopping this disorder . [ 4 ] It is important for trained physicians to recognize these symptoms in their patients as quickly as possible , so those with NSRED may be treated before they injure themselves .
Treatment Edit
For those patients who have not been able to stop this disorder on their own , doctors have been working to discover a treatment that will work for everyone . One treatment that Schenck and Mahowald studied consisted of psychotherapy combined with `` environmental manipulation '' . This was usually done separately from the weight-reducing diets . However , during this study only 10 percent of the patients were able to lose more than one third of their initial excess weight , which was not a viable percentage . In addition , they reported that many of the patients experienced `` major depression '' and `` severe anxiety '' during the attempted treatments . [ 3 ] This was not one of the most successful attempts to help those with NSRED . However , Dr. R. Auger reported on another trial treatment where patients were treated utilizing pramipexole . Those conducting the treatment noticed how the nocturnal median motor activity was decreased , as was assessed by actigraphy , and individual progress of sleep quality was reported . Nevertheless , Augur also said , `` 27 percent of subjects had RLS ( restless legs syndrome , a condition known to respond to this medication ) , and number and duration of waking episodes related to eating behaviors were unchanged . `` [ 2 ] Encouraged by the positive response verified in the above-mentioned trial treatment , doctors and psychiatrists conducted a more recent study described by Auger as `` efficacy of topiramate [ an antiepileptic drug associated with weight loss ] in 17 consecutive patients with NSRED . '' Out of the 65 percent of patients who continued to take the medication on a regular basis , all confirmed either considerable development or absolute remission of `` night-eating '' in addition to `` significant weight loss '' being achieved . [ 2 ] This has been one of the most effective treatments discovered so far , but many patients still suffered from NSRED . Therefore , other treatments were sought after . Such treatments include those targeted to associated sleep disorders with the hope that it would play an essential part of the treatment process of NSRED . In Schenck and Mahowald 's series , combinations of cardibopa/L-dopa , codeine , and clonazepam were used to treat five patients with RLS and one patient with somnambulism and PLMS ( periodic limb movements in sleep ) . These patients all were suffering from NSRED as well as these other disorders , and they all experienced a remission of their NSRED as a result of taking these drugs . Two patients with OSA ( obstructive sleep apnea ) and NSRED also reported as having a `` resolution of their symptoms with nasal continuous positive airway pressure ( nCPAP ) therapy . '' Clonazepam monotherapy was also found to be successful in 50 percent of patients with simultaneous somnambulism . [ 3 ] Dopaminergic agents such as monotherapy were effective in 25 percent of the NSRED subgroup . Success with combinations of dopaminergic and opioid drugs , with the occasional addition of sedatives , also was found in seven patients without associated sleep disorders . In those for whom opioids and sedatives are relatively contraindicated ( e.g. , in those with histories of substance abuse ) , two case reports were described as meeting with success with a combination of bupropion , levodopa , and trazodone . [ 3 ] Notably , hypnotherapy , psychotherapy , and various behavioral techniques , including environmental manipulation , were not effective on the majority of the patients studied . Nevertheless , Auger argue that behavioral strategies should complement the overall treatment plan and should include deliberate placement of food to avoid indiscriminate wandering , maintenance of a safe sleep environment , and education regarding proper sleep hygiene and stress management . [ 2 ] Even with their extensive studies , Schenck and Mahowald did not find the success as Auger found by treating their patients with topiramate .
History Edit
The first case of NSRED was reported in 1955 , but over the next 36 years , only nine more reports were made of this syndrome . Seven of these reports were single-case studies and the other two instances were seen during objective sleep studies , all done by psychiatrists and doctors . [ 3 ] Schenck and Mahowald were the first to a major study on this disorder . They started their study of NSRED in 1985 and continued until 1993 with several cases among a total of 38 other various sleep-related disorders . Many of the cases they observed had symptoms that overlapped with those of NES , but this study was the first to discover that NSRED was different from NES in the fact that those suffering from NSRED were either partially or completely unaware of their actions at night while those with NES were aware . [ 3 ] Schenck and Mahowald also discovered that none of the patients had any eating instability before their problems at night while sleeping . In their 1993 report , they summarized the major findings with the idea that women encompass at least two thirds of the patients and that the majority of these patients had become overweight . They also discovered that while the patients ' night-eating normally started during early adulthood , this was n't always the case as it started as early as childhood to as late as middle adulthood . These patients not only had NSRED , but many of them had also been suffering from other nighttime behaviors such as sleep terrors for several years . [ 3 ] This revolutionized the way people saw NSRED . [ citation needed ] With the technological age growing and more people becoming obese , Schenck and Mahowald 's discovery of NSRED causing a large weight increase helped doctors more easily identify this disorder . As seen in Table 1 below , almost half of Schenck and Mahowald 's patients were significantly obese . According to body mass index 's criteria , no patient was emaciated . Schenck and Mahowald said , `` virtually all patients had accurate non-distorted appraisals of their body size , shape , and weight . Furthermore , unlike the patients in Stunkard 's series , none of our patients had problematic eating in the evening between dinner and bedtime ; sleep onset insomnia was not present ; and sleep latency was usually brief , apart from several patients with RLS . `` [ 3 ] After realizing what was wrong with them , many of Schenck and Mahowald 's patients with NSRED restricted their day eating and over exercised . [ 3 ] This table summary identifies the first initial findings concerning NSRED , and it shows how NSRED is a random malady that affects many different types of people in individual ways .
See also Edit
The measures , adopted late on Tuesday , will decriminalize cases of official misconduct in which financial damage is valued at less than 200,000 lei ( 44,000 euros ) .
Romania 's leftist government , which swept into power in December , says the move was needed to get the Eastern European country 's criminal code in line with recent constitutional court rulings .
Critics claim it is a bid by Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu ( main picture , left ) to protect the ruling Social Democratic Party ( PSD ) chairperson Liviu Dragnea ( pictured right ) , who is facing legal proceedings for about half that amount .
The new measures , which take effect immediately , include pardons for convicts sentenced to less than five years and reduced sentences for prisoners over 60 . They are likely to result in the release of at least 2,500 convicts , ostensibly to ease prison overcrowding .
Romanians have been protesting the ruling party 's decriminalization proposal for weeks
Protesters took to the streets across the country soon after the government announced its new measures late Tuesday . Tens of thousands of people protested against the proposed ordinance in the past few weeks , saying it would be a blow to a years-long anti-graft drive in Romania .
On Tuesday night , thousands of demonstrators in Bucharest chanted anti-government slogans outside the government offices , with some calling the PSD `` the red plague . '' Some chanted `` You did it at night , like thieves , '' referring to the government 's passing of the law in the late hours .
A 'blow ' to anti-corruption efforts
`` This measure will render the anti-corruption fight irrelevant , '' Laura Codruta Kovesi , Romania 's anti-corruption chief , told the AP news agency , adding that the National Anti-corruption Directorate had prosecuted 1,170 cases of abuse in office in the past three years .
The anti-corruption agency said the decriminalization measures would `` encourage the abusive behavior of public workers , dishonesty , ( and ) immorality . ''
' A day of mourning for the rule of law , ' says President Iohannis
President Klaus Iohanis , who has limited powers in the government , is a strong critic of the ruling party 's ordinance . They called the adoption of the law `` a day of mourning for the rule of law ... which has received a grave blow from the enemies of justice . ''
`` From today onward , my mission is to re-establish the rule of law . I will do everything I can to make Romania a country free of corruption , until the last day of my mandate , '' the president said Tuesday .
Romania is one of the most corrupt countries in the European Union , with graft in government offices and state institutions rife .
shs/jr ( Reuters , AP )
Memories Pizza Story Was Literally Fabricated Out of Nothing by an Axe-Grinding , Attention-Seeking Reporterette & Silly Shit Local TV News Station If you did n't know this -- I assumed it , but it 's good to have it known , on the record -- Memories Pizza did n't actually discriminate against anyone , nor even publicly announce their desire to discriminate . What happened was that an axe-grinding , social-justicing , attention-whoring reporterette for a local tv station decided to just start walking into pizza places and asking them , preposterously , if they would sell pizza ( ? ) to a gay wedding ( ? ? ! ! ! ) . What happened was that an axe-grinding , social-justicing , attention-whoring reporterette for a local tv station decided to just start walking into pizza places and asking them , , if they would sell pizza ( ? ) to a gay wedding ( ? ? ! ! ! ) . @ AceofSpadesHQ @ BuzzFeed @ HuffingtonPost pic.twitter.com/r4VzHrUQnw — Joey Alsop ( @ JoeyAlsop ) April 2 , 2015
Worse than that , their first headline on this story was Worse than that , their first headline on this story was completely false : `` RFRA : First Michiana business to publicly deny same-sex service '' This is not true ; this is , in fact , libel . They specifically said they would serve any customers coming through their doors , including gays ; they said they would only not agree to cater ( preposterously , again ) a gay wedding . This is not true ; this is , in fact , They specifically said they would serve any customers coming through their doors , including gays ; they said they would only not agree to cater ( preposterously , again ) a gay wedding . They deliberately libeled these people . And they were n't alone . Buzzfeed , of When Does The Plane Land ? fame , used this headline : They deliberately libeled these people . And they were n't alone . Buzzfeed , of When Does The Plane Land ? fame , used this headline : Indiana Pizzeria Owners Say They 'd Deny LGBT People Service With the subhead , With the subhead , The internet shows its wrath just in case you were n't sure that this is some more of that Bang-Bang Action Politics ! , with plenty of drama and Social Media Buzz , that retarded children enjoy . just in case you were n't sure that this is some more of that Bang-Bang Action Politics ! , with plenty of drama and Social Media Buzz , that retarded children enjoy . Scott Ott 's story was the original : If I were forced to mark out a story line , it would be this : A nice lady in a small town tries to be helpful and polite to a lovely young reporter from `` the big city . '' In other words , Memories Pizza didn�t blast out a news release . They did n't contact the media , nor make a stink on Twitter or Facebook . They didn�t even post a sign in the window rejecting gay-wedding catering jobs . They merely answered questions from a novice reporter who strolled into their restaurant one day -- who was sent on a mission by an irresponsible news organization . Next : ABC-57 anchor Brian Dorman leads the evening newscast dramatically with this : Only on ABC-57 News tonight . We went into small towns looking for reaction to the Religious Freedom Act . We found one business , just 20 miles away from a welcoming South Bend ... with a very different view . ... Not only did ABC-57 News create that story ex nihilo ( out of nothing ) , but the next day , the station�s Rosie Woods reported on the social-media backlash against the Christian pizza shop owners . `` Our Facebook page has been blowing up with comments after we aired that story last night , '' said Woods .... You see , not only did ABC-57 manufacture the story with an ambush interview , it then doubled-down by making the reaction to the story into another story to give the sense of momentum , as if it were growing at its own impetus . Yet , everything about it is a fabrication .... Back in the ABC-57 studio , Rosie Woods read three negative social media comments attacking the pizza shop owners , and then said , `` And that 's just one side of this debate that�s heating up as more people and business owners speak up about the law . '' They then quotes one ( 1 ) person , the owner of another business , who agreed with the O�Connors . Seems that `` just one side of this debate '' deserves more attention than the other .
I would sue . I really would . I would sue Buzzfeed and that local station , and anyone else who started off their reporting with that deliberately libelous but oh-so-virally-clicky headline . I would sue . I really would . I would sue Buzzfeed and that local station , and anyone else who started off their reporting with that deliberately libelous but oh-so-virally-clicky headline . Posted by : Ace at 07:22 PM
MuNuvians MeeNuvians Polls ! Polls ! Polls ! Frequently Asked Questions The ( Almost ) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens The Greatest Hitjobs News/Chat
OAKLAND ( CBS SF ) — Bacon may have to be sold with a warning label following the World Health Organization 's announcement that the processed meat is carcinogenic to humans .
The Oakland-based Center for Biological Diversity wrote Monday in a release that “ today 's decision should trigger a similar classification in California , requiring these meats sold throughout the state to include a label warning that the products are known to the state of California to cause cancer . ”
The World Health Organization has put these meats in the same category as cigarettes in terms of the death and danger they deliver . Now , California must follow suit with public health warnings on the labels , ” Stephanie Feldstein , Population and Sustainability Director of the Center for Biological Diversity said .
California 's Prop 65 requires businesses to notify Californians about significant amounts of chemicals in the products they purchase .
Post written by Leo Babauta .
Today ( April 30 ) I turn 38 years old .
I 've been on this earth for nearly four decades . Being in a city like Paris , where there are buildings that measure their age by the millennia , helps put that brief blink of the eye into perspective . But still , it amazes me that I 've been around that long — I feel like I 've barely begun .
I 'm not usually one to make a big deal about my birthday , but as always , it has given me an opportunity to reflect . I thought I 'd share a handful of lessons I 've learned — as a helpful guide for those just starting out .
This post is for my children , whom I miss greatly across the distance of a continent and an ocean . I hope this will shine a dim light on the streets they have to navigate ahead of them , though I know they 'll still stumble as much as I have .
This is for you , Chloe , Justin , Rain , Maia , Seth and Noelle . I apologize for the length .
38 Lessons I 've Learned in My 38 Years
1 . Always swallow your pride to say you 're sorry . Being too proud to apologize is never worth it — your relationship suffers for no good benefit .
2 . Possessions are worse than worthless — they 're harmful . They add no value to your life , and cost you everything . Not just the money required to buy them , but the time and money spent shopping for them , maintaining them , worrying about them , insuring them , fixing them , etc .
3 . Slow down . Rushing is rarely worth it . Life is better enjoyed at a leisurely pace .
4 . Goals are n't as important as we think . Try working without them for a week . Turns out , you can do amazing things without goals . And you do n't have to manage them , cutting out on some of the bureaucracy of your life . You 're less stressed without goals , and you 're freer to choose paths you could n't have foreseen without them .
5 . The moment is all there is . All our worries and plans about the future , all our replaying of things that happened in the past — it 's all in our heads , and it just distracts us from fully living right now . Let go of all that , and just focus on what you 're doing , right at this moment . In this way , any activity can be meditation .
6 . When your child asks for your attention , always grant it . Give your child your full attention , and instead of being annoyed at the interruption , be grateful for the reminder to spend time with someone you love .
7 . Do n't go into debt . That includes credit card debt , student debt , home debt , personal loans , auto loans . We think they 're necessary but they 're not , at all . They cause more headaches than they 're worth , they can ruin lives , and they cost us way more than we get . Spend less than you earn , go without until you have the money .
8 . I 'm not cool , and I 'm cool with that . I wasted a lot of energy when I was younger worrying about being cool . It 's way more fun to forget about that , and just be yourself .
9 . The only kind of marketing you need is an amazing product . If it 's good , people will spread the word for you . All other kind of marketing is disingenuous .
10 . Never send an email or message that 's unfit for the eyes of the world . In this digital age , you never know what might slip into public view .
11 . You ca n't motivate people . The best you can hope for is to inspire them with your actions . People who think they can use behavioral “ science ” or management techniques have not spent enough time on the receiving end of either .
12 . If you find yourself swimming with all the other fish , go the other way . They do n't know where they 're going either .
13 . You will miss a ton , but that 's OK. We 're so caught up in trying to do everything , experience all the essential things , not miss out on anything important … that we forget the simple fact that we can not experience everything . That physical reality dictates we 'll miss most things . We ca n't read all the good books , watch all the good films , go to all the best cities in the world , try all the best restaurants , meet all the great people . But the secret is : life is better when we do n't try to do everything . Learn to enjoy the slice of life you experience , and life turns out to be wonderful .
14 . Mistakes are the best way to learn . Do n't be afraid to make them . Try not to repeat the same ones too often .
15 . Failures are the stepping stones to success . Without failure , we 'll never learn how to succeed . So try to fail , instead of trying to avoid failure through fear .
16 . Rest is more important than you think . People work too hard , forget to rest , and then begin to hate their jobs . In fitness , you see it constantly : people training for a marathon getting burned out because they do n't know how to let their straining muscles and joints recover . People who try to do too much because they do n't know that rest is where their body gets stronger , after the stress .
17 . There are few joys that equal a good book , a good walk , a good hug , or a good friend . All are free .
18 . Fitness does n't happen overnight . It 's a long process , a learning process , something that happens in little bits over a long period . I 've been getting fit for five years now , and I still have more to learn and do . But the progress I 've made has been amazing , and it 's been a great journey .
19 . The destination is just a tiny slice of the journey . We 're so worried about goals , about our future , that we miss all the great things along the way . If you 're fixated on the goal , on the end , you wo n't enjoy it when you get there . You 'll be worried about the next goal , the next destination .
20 . A good walk cures most problems . Want to lose weight and get fit ? Walk . Want to enjoy life but spend less ? Walk . Want to cure stress and clear your head ? Walk . Want to meditate and live in the moment ? Walk . Having trouble with a life or work problem ? Walk , and your head gets clear .
21 . Let go of expectations . When you have expectations of something — a person , an experience , a vacation , a job , a book — you put it in a predetermined box that has little to do with reality . You set up an idealized version of the thing ( or person ) and then try to fit the reality into this ideal , and are often disappointed . Instead , try to experience reality as it is , appreciate it for what it is , and be happy that it is .
22 . Giving is so much better than getting . Give with no expectation of getting something in return , and it becomes a purer , more beautiful act . Too often we give something and expect to get an equal measure in return — at least get some gratitude or recognition for our efforts . Try to let go of that need , and just give .
23 . Competition is very rarely as useful as cooperation . Our society is geared toward competition — rip each other 's throats out , survival of the fittest , yada yada . But humans are meant to work together for the survival of the tribe , and cooperation pools our resources and allows everyone to contribute what they can . It requires a whole other set of people skills to work cooperatively , but it 's well worth the effort .
24 . Gratitude is one of the best ways to find contentment . We are often discontent in our lives , desire more , because we do n't realize how much we have . Instead of focusing on what you do n't have , be grateful for the amazing gifts you 've been given : of loved ones and simple pleasures , of health and sight and the gift of music and books , of nature and beauty and the ability to create , and everything in between . Be grateful every day .
25 . Compassion for other living things is more important than pleasure . Many people scoff at vegetarianism because they love the taste of meat and cheese too much , but they are putting the pleasure of their taste buds ahead of the suffering of other living , feeling beings . You can be perfectly healthy on a vegetarian ( even vegan ) diet , so killing and torturing animals is absolutely unnecessary . Compassion is a much more fulfilling way to live than closing your eyes to suffering .
26 . Taste buds change . I thought I could never give up meat , but by doing it slowly , I never missed it . I thought I could never give up junk food like sweets , fried crap , nachos , all kinds of unhealthy things … and yet today I would rather eat some fresh berries or raw nuts . Weird , but it 's amazing how much our taste buds can change .
27 . Create . The world is full of distractions , but very few are as important as creating . In my job as a writer , there is nothing that comes close to being as crucial as creating . In my life , creating is one of the few things that has given me meaning . When it 's time to work , clear away all else and create .
28 . Get some perspective . Usually when we 're worried or upset , it 's because we 've lost perspective . In the larger picture , this one problem means almost nothing . This fight we 're having with someone else — it 's over something that matters naught . Let it go , and move on .
29 . Do n't sit too much . It kills you . Move , dance , run , play .
30 . Use the magic of compound interest . Invest early , and it will grow as if by alchemy . Live on little , do n't get into debt , save all you can , and invest it in mutual funds . Watch your money grow .
31 . All we are taught in schools , and all we see in the media ( news , films , books , magazines , Internet ) has a worldview that we 're meant to conform to . Figure out what that worldview is , and question it . Ask if there are alternatives , and investigate . Hint : the corporations exert influence over all of our information sources . Another hint : read Chomsky .
32 . Learn the art of empathy . Too often we judge people on too little information . We must try to understand what they do instead , put ourselves in their shoes , start with the assumption that what others do has a good reason if we understand what they 're going through . Life becomes much better if you learn this art .
33 . Do less . Most people try to do too much . They fill life with checklists , and try to crank out tasks as if they were widget machines . Throw out the checklists and just figure out what 's important . Stop being a machine and focus on what you love . Do it lovingly .
34 . No one knows what they 're doing as parents . We 're all faking it , and hoping we 're getting it right . Some people obsess about the details , and miss out on the fun . I just try not to mess them up too much , to show them they 're loved , to enjoy the moments I can with them , to show them life is fun , and stay out of the way of them becoming the amazing people they 're going to become . That they already are .
35 . Love comes in many flavors . I love my children , completely and more than I can ever fully understand . I love them each in a different way , and know that each is perfect in their or their own way .
36 . Life is exceedingly brief . You might feel like there 's a huge mass of time ahead of you , but it passes much faster than you think . Your kids grow up so fast you get whiplash . You get gray hairs before you 're done getting your bearings on life . Appreciate every damn moment .
37 . Fear will try to stop you . Doubts will try to stop you . You 'll shy away from doing great things , from going on new adventures , from creating something new and putting it out in the world , because of self-doubt and fear . It will happen in the recesses of your mind , where you do n't even know it 's happening . Become aware of these doubts and fears . Shine some light on them . Beat them with a thousand tiny cuts . Do it anyway , because they are wrong .
38 . I have a lot left to learn . If I 've learned anything , it 's that I know almost nothing , and that I 'm often wrong about what I think I know . Life has many lessons left to teach me , and I 'm looking forward to them all .
Former NSA Director Michael Hayden confirmed that the US Congress cast a vote of approval for the National Security Agency 's ability to collect US citizen 's metadata .
WASHINGTON ( Sputnik ) — The US Congress cast a vote of approval for the National Security Agency 's ( NSA ) ability to collect US citizen 's metadata , former NSA Director Michael Hayden confirmed in a statement to reporters .
“ We had 388 members of the House of Representatives reach a consensus that NSA does need access to metadata because they voted for the USA Freedom Act which preserves access to metadata , ” Hayden said on Monday .
Hayden confirmed that the vote in the House “ extends ” the NSA collection authority for six months . The Freedom Act is still being considered by the US Senate .
Supporters of the USA Freedom Act in the Congress and White House alleged that the Freedom Act would end NSA bulk data collection . The Act purports to limit NSA 's ability to issue bulk warrants and outsource the data collection to telecommunications companies .
On Monday , the NSA 's metadata collection authority expired . The Freedom Act is the only option the Congress is considering to partially reauthorize NSA 's data collection program .
Hayden noted that House passed the reauthorization of metadata collection “ even in spite of the court decision three weeks ago ” on the unconstitutionality of the program .
In May 2015 , a US federal appeals court ruled that the NSA collection program is illegal and violates the US Constitution .
Revelations on the broad extent of the NSA 's surveillance program were revealed by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden in 2013 .
Fast food restaurateurs , hotel operators and other franchise owners from around the country are descending upon Washington on Tuesday to register their opposition to a National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) finding they say threatens to undermine their business model .
The latest salvo in an escalating battle between labor and business , the fly-in is part of the International Franchise Association 's ( IFA ) strategy to overturn a preliminary NLRB decision that corporations like McDonald 's share joint employer status with their franchisees .
ADVERTISEMENT
If upheld , the finding would force corporate managers to the table in collective bargaining discussions and expose them to claims of labor rights violations from workers at chain stores and businesses .
The fight began only recently , but the business group is moving to quickly shore up crucial support within Congress .
“ We 're going to make our voices heard , ” IFA President Steve Caldeira said , describing the developments at the NLRB as “ a threatening situation ” for an otherwise healthy industry that added jobs during the economic crisis .
“ It would have a chilling effect on job creation , ” they said .
The fight centers on a July finding by the NLRB 's Office of General Counsel that McDonald 's USA LLC could be named as a “ joint employer respondent ” in scores of cases alleging workers ' rights were violated in response to protests for higher pay .
Franchisors have traditionally been insulated from such cases , but the NLRB finding supports a view held by unions that corporations like McDonald 's enjoy control over virtually every facet of its stores while bearing little responsibility for worker treatment .
“ The reality is that McDonald 's requires franchisees to adhere to such regimented rules and regulations that there 's no doubt who 's really in charge , ” said Micah Wissinger , an attorney representing McDonald 's workers in New York City .
New York , Chicago , Detroit and other cities have been home to a series of protests in recent years involving workers demanding wages of at least $ 15 an hour .
The Fast Food Forward movement has succeeded in grabbing national headlines , most recently this month , when dozens of workers were arrested for their parts in coordinated protests around the country .
The campaign asserts that anything less than $ 15 an hour is not a livable wage . And the push was buoyed by the NLRB 's joint employer designation , which could shift significant leverage to workers engaged in such labor disputes , if it stands .
However , the finding will be subject to review by an administrative law judge , once complaints naming McDonald 's are formally made . The losing side in those cases could then appeal to the full NLRB and , after that , federal courts .
Even if ultimately upheld , the McDonald 's joint-employer status would not automatically apply to other franchise chains , which would be judged individually going forward .
“ Each company potentially coming under any form of review by NLRB has different policies and practices that would need to be evaluated in a case-by-the-case basis , ” said John Gordon , a California-based restaurant analyst at Pacific Management Consulting Group .
But business groups fear that the dispute could create a damaging precedent for the industry , which has enjoyed steady growth in recent years , even as other segments of the economy faltered .
Businesses are seeking to portray the protest campaign as a clear effort orchestrated by the Service Employees International Union to organize the nation 's fast food workers and replenish the powerful labor group 's dwindling ranks .
And while workers take their case to the streets , the IFA is turning its attention to Capitol Hill .
More than 350 franchisees and franchisors are expected to participate in this week 's event in Washington , which will include remarks from Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley , Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action , Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE ( R-Ohio ) and former Mississippi Gov . Haley Barbour ( R ) .
The business owners plan to flood lawmakers ' offices , pressing them to oppose the NLRB 's finding . While they have no direct role in the fight yet , the IFA believes Congress will play a critical role in its outcome , whether through oversight of the NLRB or direct legislation .
To date , industry groups critical of the NLRB 's position have found a sympathetic ear from Republicans . In the House , the Education and the Workforce Committee convened a hearing last week to rail against the decision .
Senate Republicans have also jumped to the businesses ' defense .
“ The franchise relationship is an American success story that allows entrepreneurs to climb the ladder of economic success , and the NLRB is attempting to change that model by creating great uncertainty for workers and business owners about who 's in charge , ” Sen. Lamar Alexander Andrew ( Lamar ) Lamar AlexanderPence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration Addressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win The Hill 's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump MORE ( Tenn. ) said .
Alexander , the top Republican on the Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee , and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE ( R-Ky. ) plan this week to unveil a bill they say would “ turn the NLRB into more of an umpire than an advocate . ”
Though details have not been released , the legislation is not expected to directly address the joint-employer issue .
Looking to expand its support , the franchise association will argue that the NLRB finding would reduce the incentive to own a franchise by designating the umbrella corporation as a formal employer .
Caldeira said franchisees operate independently , as small-business owners who “ have their own skin in the game , ” via personal investment .
“ It would essentially take away their autonomy to run their own business , ” they said of the decision .
The IFA has at its disposal a formidable , if relatively small , lobbying force .
The group spent $ 745,000 to lobby the federal government last year but has shown signs of ramping up its activity . It added a third outside lobbying firm , American Continental Group , to its roster this month .
Lobbyists on the account include Stephen Pinkos , a former Republican leadership aide ; Manus Cooney , a former Senate Judiciary panel counsel who also advised Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid : ‘ A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans ' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE 's ( R-Ariz. ) 2008 presidential run ; and C. Stuart Chapman , a past chief of staff to Rep. Carolyn McCarthy Carolyn McCarthyWhy Congress needs an openly atheist member , now Lobbying World MORE ( D-N.Y. ) , who oversaw their work on the House Education and the Workforce Committee .
Forms indicate the American Continental Group will be taking the trade group around to offices on Capitol Hill to provide an “ introduction of members to IFA . ”
The group has also worked to grow its influence in Washington via the campaign circuit . The IFA 's expenditures through the association 's political action committee increased each election cycle between 2000 and 2012 , when spending eclipsed the $ 1 million mark , according to data kept by the Center for Responsive Politics .
Through the end of July , the IFA had doled out just under $ 965,000 , the figures show .
Caldeira said the group has increasingly looked to back members on both sides of the aisle who are supportive of its priorities . This time around , the joint-employer issue is near the top of the list .
“ We 're going to ask lawmakers to become more aware of this threatening situation , ” they said , later adding , “ This is an election year . ”
Megan R. Wilson contributed to this story .
Uriminzokkiri , a China-based North Korean news website with close ties to Pyongyang , has been hacked . The site is currently inaccessible , companion websites have also been attacked and defaced , and it 's Twitter feed and Flickr pages have also been broken into .
The hack came hours after a list of apparently 9,000 registered users of the site was posted to the Internet .
The list contained user names , real names , email addresses , birth dates and other information including hashed passwords , which are the result of a process where a password is passed through an algorithm to disguise it . The attackers had apparently been able to break some of the simpler passwords , such as “ 123456 , ” and the password of the site administrator .
If the user ID and password of the site administrator was correct ( North Korea Tech did not attempt to verify it by accessing the site ) , it would allow an intruder almost complete control over the site .
On Twitter , the Uriminzokkiri account saw it 's photo change to an illustration of a couple dancing the tango , the man with the Guy Fawkes mask that has become the symbol of the “ Anonymous ” hackers , and the words “ Tango Down . ”
The account was also used to send out information on the attacks :
The other websites mentioned are companion sites of Uriminzokkiri .
One of the sites was changed to include a “ wanted ” poster that showed an illustration of Kim Jong-un with a Mickey Mouse tattoo and a pig 's nose and ears . Among the listed crimes : Threatening world peace with ICBMs and nuclear weapons , Wasting money while their people starve to death , Concentration camps and the worst human rights violation in the world .
The hack and the poster will likely be deeply embarrassing for the people running Uriminzokkiri and could land them in serious trouble with the authorities in Pyongyang .
In early 2011 the site 's Twitter channel was hacked and used to send out messages disparaging then-leader Kim Jong Il . It also carried a link to a YouTube that showed Kim Jong-un driving a sports car filled with birthday gifts while mowing down pedestrians .
After the hack Free North Korea Radio reported officials of the website had been questioned by investigators from Pyongyang over the hack .
The attack is the latest in a string of cyber-actions against North Korean Internet properties .
So I 've just finished one of the most hectic weeks at work porting 10-13 year old code over to PHP7 and I decided to chill out with some Undertale pacifist mode playing about when my goddamned coders brain thinks to it 's self…
“ Damn , I love Undertale and having a good time… but . I reckon this game could run on a Game Boy , which would be pretty cool , yeah , yeah ? ”
That 's not to slight the game , I love it , I doubt I 'll have the heart to do a genocide playthrough mind . But , looking at it objectively , could it be possible to port over to it ? I mean , undoubtedly compromises would need to be made in terms of sprite sizes , and music downsampling but from the outset , you have a load / save system , background scrolling and fight sequences with conversation pop up boxes . Of course , there 's the over arching story with it 's many branches which would no-doubt push memory to it 's limits I 'm sure and , whilst I doubt I 'd attempt to port the game myself to GB , I think it could be done .
That and I had to see if the Undertale GUI would fit in the Game Boy 's tiny resolution , looks like it could . Apologies for my poor scaling of Napstablook btw 🙂
Right , back to finishing off Formula Racing ‘ n ' stuff…
- Six people have been arrested after a man was assaulted inside D.C. 's Gallery Place-Chinatown Metro station in an incident that may have involved up to 30 juveniles .
The attack happened around 8:30 a.m. Thursday as a Red Line train stopped at the station . Officers say five males and a female , all of whom are students at Woodrow Wilson High School in D.C. , punched a man in an assault described by Metro as a `` wolfpack attack . ''
Metro Transit Police said the 35-year-old man fought back , but the suspects were able to escape by reboarding the train and continuing on to the Woodley Park station .
The victim got medical attention after suffering cuts to the head and body .
Authorities stopped the train when it arrived to at the Woodley Park station and arrested the juveniles -- all are between 15 and 16 years old . They were all identified by the victim . All six suspects are facing assault charges at this time .
Metro said the attack only took about 20 seconds . They believe cell phone video may exist , but Metro Transit Police also released surveillance video from inside the station .
`` When you see this type of wolfpack mentality , the victim clearly was trying to get to their destination or whatever the case may be , so it 's troubling to see this video , '' said Metro Transit Police Chief Ron Pavlik .
Metro General Manager Paul Wiedefeld was asked about these kinds of attacks happening against riders recently .
`` Anytime an event like that occurs , no matter where it occurs , is very disturbing to all of us , '' they said . `` Whether it happens on Metro or on the street or wherever it happens , that 's terrible . ''
Officials are asking anyone who recorded cell phone video , or who has information about the incident to come forward and contact Metro Transit Police .
Later in the day at around 5 p.m. , Metro told FOX 5 there was another assault involving a group of teenagers on a man at the Judiciary Square station . But no one was arrested for this incident as the victim could not positively identify the teenagers .
Hillary Clinton emerged with a firm lead over all their Democratic rivals and three potential Republican contenders , a Tuesday poll shows . The Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll , conducted in the days after Clinton held their first rally earlier in the month , found that the former secretary of state enjoyed widespread support from key voting groups including Latinos and women under the age of 50 years .
Three-quarters of Democratic primary voters said they preferred Clinton , compared to 15 percent for Bernie Sanders . However , 92 percent of Democratic primary voters said they could see themselves supporting Clinton . A total of 1,000 adults were surveyed over phone across the country between June 14 and June 18 , 2015 .
By contrast , the Republican front-runner , Jeb Bush , commanded support from 22 percent of the respondents . Scott Walker and Marco Rubio came next in line with 17 percent and 14 percent , respectively . In a theoretical race between the two , the poll found , Clinton would lead Bush 48 percent to 40 percent .
“ She starts with advantages among very important groups , ” Republican pollster Bill McInturff , who conducted the survey along with Democrat Fred Yang , told the Journal . They added that Clinton 's standing among other Democrats was “ the strongest and most advantageous ” they had seen since entering politics in 1980 .
However , 62 percent of Democratic primary voters also said they wanted to see Clinton face a strong Democratic challenger in the primary to ensure they are ready for the general election .
In fact , Clinton specifically seemed to garner more support from across the board than the Democrats themselves . Latinos favored a Democratic president over a Republican one by 9 percentage points , but Clinton 's average lead over Bush and Rubio was 42 percentage points . Among all voters , 44 percent view Clinton favorably and 40 percent see them unfavorably .
Sixty-one percent of Americans said a third Bush president would leave them feeling “ uncertain and wondering ” or “ pessimistic and worried . ”
The prospect of another Bush vs. Clinton race , which the poll indicated to be most likely , was also met with a mixed response . Only 16 percent of respondents said they would be “ very satisfied ” with that race , and about half said they would be “ fairly ” or “ just somewhat ” satisfied with it .
Other polls paint a more complicated picture for the Democratic primaries . A Suffolk University poll conducted this month found that 41 percent of New Hampshire primary voters supported Clinton , and 31 percent supported Sanders , a much closer race than that seen nationally .
However , Sanders faces a significant hurdle in their self-description as a socialist . A Gallup poll released this month found strong biases among voters against socialists and atheists . Less than half of Americans would vote for a socialist candidate , the poll found .
Attorney General Eric Holder called Tuesday for a moratorium on the death penalty pending a Supreme Court decision on the use of lethal injection drugs in Oklahoma .
Speaking at a luncheon at the National Press Club in Washington , D.C. , Holder , noting that they were speaking in a personal capacity and not as a member of the administration , said the `` inevitable '' possibility of executing an innocent individual is what makes them oppose capital punishment .
`` Our system of justice is the best in the world . It is comprised of men and women who do the best they can , get it right more often than not , substantially more right than wrong , '' Holder said . `` There 's always the possibility that mistakes will be made ... It 's for that reason that I am opposed to the death penalty . ''
They continued : `` I think fundamental questions about the death penalty need to be asked . And among them , the Supreme Court 's determination as to whether or not lethal injection is consistent with our Constitution is one that ought to occur . From my perspective , I think a moratorium until the Supreme Court made that determination would be appropriate . ''
Holder clarified that their personal views on the matter are not part of an ongoing Justice Department review of state execution practices .
Last month , the Supreme Court agreed to review a case brought by death row inmates accusing the state of Oklahoma of violating the constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment . The case came after Oklahoma botched the execution of inmate Clayton Lockett , who was seen writhing and clenching their teeth after being administered a lethal three-drug combination . Lockett ultimately died 43 minutes after they were administered the drugs .
Holder , who is retiring pending the confirmation of their nominated successor Loretta Lynch , has long been personally opposed to the death penalty .
Some 8,500 soldiers and hundreds of police and highway patrol officers have been deployed on to the streets of Brazil 's second city to fight organized crime .
The official government gazette reported that President Michel Temer had signed a decree allowing the use of armed forces in Rio . In all , 10,000 troops are to be mobilized .
While they have previously carried out patrols , controlled checkpoints and recovered weapons seized during police raids , the troops are to begin participating in operations against drug traffickers , Defense Minister Raul Jungmann announced at a news conference on Thursday .
Jungmann said there could be consequences from the operation : `` It must be taken into account that , given the progress and the point of Rio 's criminality , yes , we will have reactions , '' they said . `` It is very important that society understands that it is necessary to face them . ''
Trucks carrying troops were seen crossing bridges and expressways on Friday in an operation that is to continue until the end of 2018 .
A national force police officer on patrol near the Chapadao slums
Out of control
An average of three people have been killed by stray bullets every day in the first six months of the year . Those deaths , plus criminal assaults and shootouts between drug traffickers and police have led to admissions from authorities that much of the city is out of their control .
Adding to the challenge of controlling widespread organized crime , the Brazilian police itself does not have the best reputation for probity .
In a statement on its website , human rights group Amnesty International ( AI ) said police have continued to use `` unnecessary and excessive force , particularly in the context of protests . '' Amnesty said : `` Young people and black men , mainly those living in favelas and other marginalized communities , were disproportionately targeted with violence by law enforcement officials . ''
Spike in police killings
In a report to the United Nations , which periodically monitors violence in conflict zones and other troubled areas worldwide , Amnesty highlighted the recent spike in killings by Rio police - 182 in the first two months of the year , or 78 percent more than a year earlier .
Jurema Werneck , AI 's director in Brazil , said in May , `` Brazil has not taken enough steps to tackle the shocking levels of human rights violations across the country , including soaring police homicide rates . ''
Reporting to the United Nations in May , AI highlighted the recent spike in killings by Rio police : a 78-percent rise to 182 in the first two months of the year .
Some commentators say that placing more troops on the streets of the city may act as an incentive for criminals to try to co-opt or corrupt even more officers .
jm/bk ( AFP , Reuters )
Apparently a game called # BlockLivesMatter is too edgy for NeoGaf . The thread for the game was instantly removed shortly after it was posted . It basically goes to show that it 's not really a forum for video games but a forum for fascist ideology and if your game does n't synch up with the right kind of politics… well , it ca n't be discussed .
Things took flight with the entry on Steam Greenlight by developer Abandon Ship . A gameplay trailer shows the game in action , which is nothing more than a twin-stick shooter involving different colored blocks – players take on the role of a rogue block causing massive destruction in New Block City . Check it out below .
YouTube No Description
The game is basically another Postal or Hatred but with blocks instead of human avatars . Obviously due to the fact that the actors are all blocks it turns the theme of violence into one of parody , especially given that the game plays out from an isometric perspective as if it 's being recorded by a helicopter news camera… conveniently named Box News .
The game was posted by a user and then deleted on NeoGaf by the administrators . There 's a thread about the title over on the game 's Greenlight forum discussion where a user points to the archive of a now deleted NeoGaf thread where the post used to be . Now it 's just a husk of a digital afterimage where freedom used to be .
It 's interesting when this kind of censorship is enacted within a community that 's supposed to discuss games . During the height of # GamerGate , N4G banned a lot of articles because they stated that news articles discussing corruption in gaming belonged on a site that discussed corruption . Top gaming Reddit boards banned articles and submissions highlighting corruption in gaming because talking about corruption within the gaming industry is about “ harassing women ” . NeoGaf has the same stance as Reddit .
But now we 're taking things even a step further… apparently games that even hint at having “ wrong-think ” are now prohibited from discussion on some sites . It 's funny to imagine that we 've entered an arena in news media where the perception of imagery deemed wrong — even as innocuous as blocks shooting rockets — can get you blacklisted .
A game like # BlockLivesMatter ca n't be discussed on NeoGaf because of what some people ( likely racists projecting their own insecurities ) perceive of the game and not what the game actually is . It 's an interesting dilemma to be in as a game developer . However in this case the risk paid off because an outpouring of support came in for the isometric shooter , with Abandon Ship making a post on their Greenlight page to acknowledge all the votes and comments praising the developers…
“ Thanks for all of the tremendous support for # BlockLivesMatter here on Steam . It really means a lot to us to hear the responses and see what you think , so please keep it coming ! Tell us what you want to see in the game ! Tell us what you do n't want to see ! As an early access title , we want the community to have a big part in shaping the final product . ”
As for the gameplay of # BlockLivesMatter , it 's just a twin-stick shooter where you blow up different colored blocks . It has a two-player cooperative mode . It features various weapons and power-ups and there 's even an “ SJW ” filter so you can change the game to suit the needs of the player , as noted on the Greenlight page…
“ Cultural sensitivity settings allow the player to customize the game to their own comfort levels . ”
Wonderful .
In fact , this is what people requested of games like Dead or Alive Xtreme 3 or Blade & Soul or Xenoblade Chronicles X or Street Fighter V : why not just add an “ SJW ” filter so that anyone who could possibly get offended at anything , can have it censored from their gaming experience ? Everyone wins .
You can learn more about # BlockLivesMatter by visiting the Greenlight page . Every upvote matters just as every block 's life matters .
After a full season at the NFL level , Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Jordan Matthews felt more focused on their craft when they trained this offseason . They put on more size and spent time refining their skills , and according to Eagles quarterback Sam Bradford , the hard work has paid off .
Bradford and Matthews have developed an obvious chemistry through the team 's first eight training-camp practices . This is something that local beat writers have noted and also something that the players have caught on to .
After one practice this training camp , Eagles cornerback Nolan Carroll commented on how Matthews `` looks hungry , '' per the Philadelphia Inquirer . Back in June , Matthews called free-agent addition Byron Maxwell the best cornerback they faced during their rookie 2014 season . Maxwell is probably happy they wo n't have to match up with Matthews again this season . After one training camp practice , Maxwell commented on how Matthews `` has definitely gotten bigger '' from the last time they saw him .
Article continues below ...
But no praise for a wide receiver is more important than that of their quarterback , and Bradford had nothing but good things to say about the second year player .
`` I think that 's one of the things you kind of want to go through in camp , put those guys in those situations , throw balls up , let them make plays , '' Bradford told reporters , via the Philadelphia Daily Inquirer . `` Obviously , Jordan 's come down with their fair share of those . I think it 's a credit to the way they work . I think that guy catches more footballs than anybody I 've ever seen . Their hands are really strong . It 's something he 's always working on . I think it 's something that 's really showed up out here this first week . ''
Matthews has worked primarily out of the slot during training camp , because Chip Kelly believes this gives the offense an advantage . At 6-foot-3 , Matthews poses a mismatch against smaller nickel cornerbacks , safeties or whoever the defense chooses to match up against him .
Although the last two breakout wide receivers in Kelly 's offensive scheme played on the outside , Matthews ' role in the slot should not hold them back from a true breakout season . Eagles beat writer David Murphy broke down a play where Bradford and the offense took advantage of Matthews ' matchup in the slot for a big play during 11-on-11 team drills at practice :
In the final 11-on-11 in yesterday 's practice , Matthews lined up in the slot and ran what Bradford referred to as a “ big box fade ” route , designed to get the receiver isolated on a defensive back with room to work over top . They essentially run 10 yards straight down the seam then starts to widen out – like a longer version of the jump-ball route you see on the goal line . The play did what it was supposed to do , matching up Matthews on Jaylen Watkins about 25 yards downfield moving in the direction of the corner of the end zone to Bradford 's right . The quarterback threw a beautiful rainbow to where only their receiver could get it , and Matthews got it , going up over Watkins for a leaping/sprawling grab and coming down with it in the end zone .
It 's common for a rookie to be timid in their first NFL training camp and sometimes that can carry over to the regular season . Matthews is a changed receiver in their second season , and now that they know where to be on every route , they are attacking the ball . Carroll , a player who has the opportunity to line up on the first team defense against Matthews every day , further explained the changes in Matthews ' play .
`` You can just tell that he 's going 100 miles an hour , '' said Carroll , a cornerback . `` We saw a little bit last year . This year , it 's a dramatic change . You can really see them attacking the ball . When they go up , you know they want it . He 's not just letting it come to him . ''
Matthews could probably be a dominant outside wide receiver if the Eagles needed them to be one , but they provide incredible value in the slot . Bradford throws an excellent ball down the seam of the defense , and Matthews offers the offense an explosive threat who can stretch the seam . If you get Matthews on one side of the formation and someone like Zach Ertz on the other , the defense is in trouble . If a defense opts to defend the seams , the Eagles can take advantage with their outside wide receivers . And if that same defense decides to let Matthews or Ertz run free down the seam , well then we know that big plays can and will happen .
`` Man , he 's got great range , '' Bradford said . `` A guy that big typically does n't play in the slot , and the fact that we use them in the slot I think is really advantageous to us . It makes it really easy on the quarterback to have a tight end and Jordan running down the seams or the middle of the field . They 're big bodies , long targets that you can throw to . He 's made some catches this past week that have been pretty impressive . ''
Matthews ' dominant rookie season was overshadowed by Odell Beckham Jr. 's production , but they racked up 872 receiving yards and eight touchdown catches on 67 receptions . With Jeremy Maclin gone , Matthews has an opportunity breakout as the Eagles ' unquestioned No . 1 wide receiver in 2015 .
( h/t Philadelphia Daily Inquirer )
The Coyotes called reports of the organization exploring area options in Seattle and Portland “ completely false ” and a “ fabrication. ” Even the team does n't move , though , expect rumors to persist about the Pacific Northwest landing a team .
How many times in the past five or six seasons have we heard about potential relocation for the Arizona Coyotes ? Four times , five times , half a dozen or more ? First , it was the near-continuous talk about a potential relocation to Hamilton , which gave way to whispers about the team packing up and heading to Quebec City . Heck , there 's even been a question here or there about the viability of the team in Kansas City .
That 's why you wo n't find many hockey fans shocked to hear yet another rumor about a potential change of scenery for the Coyotes , this time to either Seattle or Portland .
This talk of relocation was spurred on by the Glendale Star , stating that members of the Coyotes organization have toured locations in Seattle and Portland over the past few months , per local officials . In the time since the report was released , however , the Coyotes have made it abundantly clear that no such tours have taken place .
“ Recent reports by the Glendale Star that the Coyotes ownership group has explored arena options outside the Arizona market are completely false , ” Coyotes president and CEO Anthony LeBlanc said in a statement . “ The Star referenced an anonymous arena source and an anonymous Coyotes source , and these are a fabrication…We are fully committed to Arizona . ”
With Arizona State University pulling out of a proposed arena deal with the Coyotes , it 's no wonder some have begun to again question how long the team will last in Arizona , and that Seattle and , to a lesser extent , Portland have become the latest cities at the center of the Coyotes relocation drama is n't without reason .
For the better part of the past two years , Seattle has been attempting to land itself a new arena , and it 's considered one of the most intriguing markets not currently occupied by an NHL team . Seattle has been a locale many have kept an eye on since the first murmurs of the 2017-18 expansion came , and it was somewhat surprising not to have an owner step up and make an offer to land a franchise for the city when the expansion process began . Portland does n't quite fall into the same category , but the proximity to Seattle and location in the Pacific Northwest seems to check enough boxes .
And while there 's no fire to this smoke yet , one can rest assured that this is only the first of many rumors about potential relocation or further expansion to Seattle , Portland or another viable market in the Pacific Northwest . Here 's why :
It 's ready-made to host the NHL :
The NHL 's focus on building the game in the southern United States has , for the most part , paid off . Teams in Anaheim , Los Angeles and San Jose have been successful , the Lightning have hit their stride in Tampa Bay and the Panthers are starting to make it work in Florida . Then you have successful franchises in Dallas and Nashville , too . The Hurricanes are running into some trouble in Carolina , sure , and the Coyotes have been a headache for much of the past decade , it 's true , but the NHL 's batting average in the south is n't looking all that bad .
But all of those markets , from Los Angeles to Tampa Bay , were n't hockey markets that had long histories with the game . Seattle , however , does . As does Portland , Spokane , Everett and Kennewick , Wash. , all of which play host to WHL teams . Four of those teams have existed for close to three decades , and the Silvertips have called Everett home for more than 10 years at this point .
Not everyone is going to travel great distances to get to a game 41 times a year , but that hockey-loving population certainly helps support the team . You can almost guarantee that the team would n't struggle to fill the building on a nightly basis .
And the big one when it comes to being ready for the league to make its move to the Pacific Northwest is the size of the television market . It is , after all , a business . The Seattle-Tacoma TV market was ranked 14th in 2016 by Nielsen , two spots behind Phoenix , and Portland was ranked 24th . Together , the Seattle and Portland markets make up more than 2.5 percent of the US . That 's the rough equivalent of Philadelphia 's market size , and putting a team anywhere in the Pacific Northwest is sure to draw viewers .
Providing the league balanced conferences :
It certainly was n't the league 's biggest concern when it came to expansion , but there had to be at least some thought given to what would happen should the league also place a team in Quebec City . Already , the conferences are unbalanced , with 16 teams playing in the East and 14 in the West , with a 15th on the way when the Vegas Golden Knights begin play .
The solution , then , would be to either add a new team in the West to push the league to 32 teams with an even split — 16 teams apiece — in both conferences . Alternatively , relocation to , say , Seattle would leave the league with a mere one-team disparity between the East and the West . That 's better than being split by two teams .
It might not matter all that much on the surface , but levelling out the conferences makes schedule building that much easier and it creates an even playing field for each team . Right now , the Western Conference teams benefit from having to battle through two fewer teams in order to make the post-season . That gives Eastern Conference clubs worse odds at making it to the post-season , and there 's an argument to be made that each season there 's at least one team in the East that could have snuck into the post-season if they had been playing in a 15-team conference .
Creating a natural rivalry in the Northwest :
The Oilers have the Flames , while the Kings , Ducks and Sharks have a three-way dance . Come next season , Vegas and Arizona are set to battle it out in the Pacific for control of the desert . And up there in the corner , sitting alone on the coast , are the Canucks .
Vancouver has had its rivalries throughout the years , most recently with the Bruins following the Stanley Cup meeting between the two teams , but Boston being in the East , that rivalry faded quite fast . There was a fiercer tete-a-tete that seemed to last years between the Blackhawks and Canucks , but with Chicago going one way and Vancouver the other , even that has died down despite the teams remaining in the same conference .
But a team in Pacific Northwest ? That 's a natural rival for the Canucks , and proximity almost always breeds contempt . Take a look at Flyers and Penguins or the Maple Leafs and Canadiens . Those two rivalries have existed for years and players have become legends for their play in regular season meetings or playoff series between the rival clubs . Rivalries have given the league some of its best moments , so much so that we 've gotten to the point where there 's a rivalry night each week . It falls flat when it 's the Penguins against the Blue Jackets , though .
There 's a natural rivalry to be had in the Pacific Northwest for the Canucks , and it would be something the league could immediately sell . Vegas is intriguing because it 's new and the Golden Knights will be the first professional team in the city , but Seattle or Portland could be exciting because we 'll get a cross-border clash .
Of course , these three reasons alone wo n't be enough for the league to put a team in the Pacific Northwest . There 's still a matter of an arena , an owner and a hefty sum of money , but do n't expect the talk of a team in Oregon or Washington State to settle down any time soon . It was the Coyotes today , it could be the Hurricanes tomorrow and expansion the next . The market is there , it 's intriguing and it might be only a matter of time before the NHL finds its way into Seattle .
Want more in-depth features and expert analysis on the game you love ? Subscribe to The Hockey News magazine .
NEW YORK — Civil rights leaders Thursday decried the grand jury decision not to charge a white police officer in the chokehold death of a black man and announced plans for a march and a summit on racial justice in Washington later this month .
National Urban League President Marc Morial said the lack of an indictment in the death of Eric Garner was “ a travesty of justice. ” They said they and other civil rights leaders are calling for 2015 to be “ a year for justice and jobs . ”
The decision Wednesday not to bring charges against Officer Daniel Pantaleo triggered protests around the country and sent thousands onto New York 's streets , where they marched , chanted and blocked traffic . Police said 83 people were arrested , mostly on disorderly conduct charges .
Pataleo 's lawyer and police union officials argued that the grand jury got it right , saying that the officer used an authorized takedown move — not a banned chokehold — against a man who was resisting arrest . And they said Garner 's poor health was the main cause of their death .
To find Pantaleo criminally negligent , the grand jury would have had to determine they knew there was a “ substantial risk ” that Garner would die .
About 20 civil rights leaders met behind closed doors Thursday at the Rev . Al Sharpton 's National Action Network headquarters . Sharpton said a civil rights summit will be held following a Dec. 13 march in Washington . They said the topics will include education and boycotts .
The Garner case — combined with the decision by a grand jury last week not to charge the white officer who shot and killed unarmed black 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri — stirred a national conversation about race , police training and the grand jury process .
On Thursday morning , yet another case was added to the mix : A white former police chief in Eutawville , South Carolina , was charged with murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man after an argument at a town hall meeting .
Garner , 43 , died after a scuffle that broke out July 17 as officers tried to arrest them for selling untaxed cigarettes on the street . The last moments of their life were caught on video that showed Pantaleo holding the unarmed Garner in a chokehold as they repeatedly gasped , “ I ca n't breathe. ” The medical examiner ruled that the chokehold contributed to the death .
Staten Island District Attorney Daniel Donovan said the grand jury found “ no reasonable cause ” to bring charges . But New York law forbids them to give details on how the grand jury arrived at its decision . The district attorney said they are asking for a court order allowing some information to be released .
Some legal experts said the Garner case , like the one in Ferguson , again raised concerns about the influence local prosecutors have over the process of charging the police officers they work with on a daily basis .
Ekow N. Yankah , a professor at Cardozo School of Law , said : “ It is hard to understand how a jury does n't see any probable cause that a crime has been committed or is being committed when looking at that video , especially . ”
Garner 's widow , Esaw , said they had no faith in the local prosecutors .
“ As far as the police and the DA , there was no sincerity from Day One , ” they said on the “ Today ” show .
Attorney General Eric Holder said federal prosecutors will conduct their own investigation of Garner 's death . The New York Police Department is doing an internal investigation that could lead to administrative charges against Pantaleo , who remains on desk duty .
——
Associated Press writers Jennifer Peltz , Jake Pearson , Deepti Hajela and Bernard Vaughan contributed to this report .
AP-WF-12-04-14 1733GMT
Are you a guy ? Is your name Kim ? Then this site is for you !
If you have ever wondered if there are other Guys Named Kim in the world , then you 've found your answer : YES ! You are not alone !
An etymology of the name Kim
The Wikipedia entry on Kim .
The purpose of this site is to create a who 's who list of Guys Named Kim for the interest and entertainment of visitors and other Guys Named Kim .
Browse through the list of Guys Named Kim and meet your `` brothers in name ! '' Add your name to the list . Tell us your story . We 're waiting to hear from you !
This web site is being dedicated to Guys ( i.e. , human males ) with the first name of Kim ( Kimball , Kimberly , Kimberley , Kimbo , etc . ) , but everyone is welcome to visit the site and view the GNK List .
Read the book KIM by Rudyard Kipling online .
Join the Guys Named Kim discussion group ( hosted at Yahoo Groups ) .
HOUSTON -- Rick Adelman is out as coach of the Houston Rockets .
The team announced that the Rockets and Adelman `` have mutually agreed to part ways . '' Adelman 's contract expires on June 30 .
General manager Daryl Morey said in a statement Monday night that the decision came after `` numerous discussions and careful consideration . ''
The Houston Rockets announced that the team and Adelman `` have mutually agreed to part ways . '' David Sherman/NBAE/Getty Images
`` It has been a privilege and an honor to work with and learn from Rick during these past four years , '' Morey said . `` He is a Hall of Fame coach who earned the respect and admiration of our entire organization during their time here . These situations are always difficult , but we would like to personally thank Rick and their staff for their efforts the past four seasons and we wish them the best in their future pursuits . ''
The 64-year-old Adelman went 193-135 in four seasons with the Rockets . The .588 winning percentage was the highest among the 11 full-time coaches the franchise has had . Adelman led the Rockets to their only playoff series victory since 1997 . Their career record is 945-616 and ranks eighth in all-time wins .
`` I have enjoyed my time in Houston over these past four seasons , '' Adelman said in a statement . `` We accomplished quite a bit , despite overcoming numerous obstacles during the past few years .
`` I especially enjoyed coaching this group of players the past two seasons , '' they said . `` Despite difficult circumstances , they never gave in and they never quit . It was a joy coming in every day and working with such a group of dedicated players and coaches . I wish them all the best . ''
Some Rockets players were surprised and disappointed by the move .
`` I think we lost one of the greatest coaches of all time , '' Kevin Martin , who also played for Adelman at Sacramento , told the Houston Chronicle . `` We took a step backwards . It 's like losing a great player . You see what happens . But for now , we took a step backwards . ''
Kyle Lowry said the firing was upsetting , according to the Chronicle .
`` He 's one of the best coaches I 've ever had personally and I 'm sure my teammates feel the same way . '' Lowry said , according to the report . `` He 's a great motivator , a great players ' coach . They understood the game and players and how to get through to us . ''
Adelman accepted the Houston job in 2007 and envisioned building a championship contender around Yao Ming and Tracy McGrady . By the end of Adelman 's first season , both All-Stars had injuries that would require surgery .
With Yao healthy and McGrady still hurting , Houston reached the Western Conference semifinals in 2008-09 , snapping a streak of seven consecutive first-round exits for the franchise .
Yao broke their left foot in the playoffs and underwent surgery that would keep them out the entire 2009-10 season . The Rockets went 42-40 without them and missed the postseason after winning at least 50 games in each of the previous three years .
The Rockets traded McGrady to New York in February 2010 , and Yao played only five games in 2010-11 before they were sidelined again , this time with a stress fracture in their left ankle .
She 's all lit up ! For their performance at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards in L.A. Feb. 10 , Best Country Solo Performance winner Carrie Underwood sang a medley of their No . 1 hit , `` Blown Away , '' and their latest single , `` Two Black Cadillacs . ''
The 29-year-old country singer was introduced by up-and-coming country musician Hunter Hayes , who performed their Grammy-nominated hit `` Wanted . ''
VIDEO : Carrie Underwood walks the red carpet at the Grammys
During their set , Underwood stood in place as various images were projected onto their ivory Theia dress . `` We wanted it to be artful and dramatic , '' the American Idol winner told reporters post-show .
`` There are so many big performances at the Grammys , '' Underwood added . `` I just like to stand still and sing sometimes . So this was the best way to do that , and it still created something visually attention-capturing and beautiful . ''
PHOTOS : 2013 Grammys red carpet looks
Underwood — who has six Grammys under their belt after winning on Sunday for `` Blown Away '' — added that they were thrilled to see so many of their peers recognized at the annual awards show .
PHOTOS : Most revealing Grammy dresses of all time
`` I feel like country music out of Nashville is something that — I do n't want to say has been overlooked for long time — but I feel like we 've always done so amazing , '' they explained . `` [ The Grammy producers ] did a really good job of having a little bit of everything and it 's amazing . I 'm proud to have been part of that representing Nashville . ''
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news , hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox !
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone ? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now !
Eight months after Kurt Sutter announced plans to revisit the FX drama , the cable network has officially ordered a script for 'Mayans MC . '
It 's official : FX is getting back into the Sons of Anarchy business .
Some eight months after showrunner Kurt Sutter announced plans to revisit the storied biker drama , FX has officially ordered a script for the spinoff : Mayans MC .
Sons of Anarchy co-creators Kurt Sutter and Elgin James will develop the project , with James writing the script for the drama from Fox 21 Television Studios and FX Productions .
Mayans MC will have the same spirit as Sons , and is described as a dark , visceral family drama that takes a new look at the most American of icons , the 1 percent outlaw , this time , reflected through a Latino lens .
The Mayans played a strong role on Sons , which became FX 's highest-rated drama series in the cable network 's history during its seven-season run .
Sutter , as part of a cover story on their Sons follow-up series The Bastard Executioner , told THR that the Mayans MC spinoff will be a different show , noting that `` tone , pace , storytelling will be unique . '' On Sons , the Mayans were positioned as a rival California motorcycle club , comprising mostly Mexican-Americans in the heroin distribution business . The Oakland charter , led by president Marcus Alvarez ( played by Emilio Rivera ) , began the series as SAMCRO 's adversary . But as time went on , SAMCRO built up a tenuous working relationship with the Mayans , both as business partners and partners in crime and turf wars . ( The spinoff will not be set in Northern California as Sons was . )
`` I wanted to find a strong , unique Latino voice . Because I did n't think a white guy from Jersey should be writing about Latin culture and traditions . Elgin is that voice , '' said Sutter .
Homeless as a teenager , James was a fixture in Boston 's punk scene and helped found a multi-ethnic national street gang that targeted neo-Nazi skinheads and drug dealers . After spending a decade and a half in the gang , James moved from Boston to L.A. , where they were shepherded by the Sundance Institute Feature Film program . Their directorial debut , Little Birds , premiered in competition at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival . A few months later James began serving a prison sentence for a past gang-related charge of federal extortion . Little Birds was released in 2012 by Millennium Entertainment and won a National Board of Review award . On the film side , James is slated to direct A Million Little Pieces for John Wells and Plan B Entertainment , and is developing a film on the troubled life of actor Jean Seberg for Electric City entertainment , adapted from the biography Breathless .
Sutter is repped by WME ; James is with WME , Electric City and Gang Tyre .
Should Mayans MC go to pilot and eventually series , it would join a scripted drama roster that includes American Crime Story , American Horror Story , The Americans , Fargo , The Strain and Tyrant . It would also become the latest spinoff of a storied franchise on cable that currently includes Breaking Bad prequel Better Call Saul at AMC as well as The Walking Dead 's Fear the Walking Dead . Spinoffs continue to be big business on both broadcast and cable amid the so-called Peak TV era where with more than 400 scripted originals , it 's increasingly challenging to cut through the cluttered landscape .
Since several large-scale U.S. surveillance programs were revealed in documents leaked by Edward Snowden last summer , many companies and individuals have made an effort to make wider use of encryption . Now one Microsoft researcher says cryptography tools could also be used inside intelligence agencies to rein in surveillance , by making data stores and data searches more respectful of privacy and resistant to misuse .
Cryptography researcher Seny Kamara , who works at Microsoft 's research lab in Redmond , Washington , has sketched out a design for such a system , called MetaCrypt . It would let intelligence analysts search phone records while protecting those records against leaks or unnecessary trawling . Kamara was inspired to develop MetaCrypt after reading about the NSA 's phone records database , which stores details of all calls made in the last five years through major U.S. communications companies such as Verizon ( see “ NSA Phone-Record Tracking Troubles Privacy Scholars ” ) .
MetaCrypt is a set of cryptographic protocols that could keep the information in such a database encrypted at all times . They would enforce various controls on how the information inside was used . For example , analysts would be limited to performing only certain types of search query , and the results of those queries would be the only data from a collection that they could decrypt .
With others at Microsoft , Kamara has been working for around a decade on ways to search encrypted data without having to ever decrypt it ( see “ Searching an Encrypted Cloud ” ) . MetaCrypt is an individual research project , not part of any wider Microsoft project , and the company declined to comment on Kamara 's work . But they presented their design at the Financial Cryptography conference in Barbados last month ( see slides ) , and a technical paper is forthcoming .
RELATED STORIES View other articles provided by Symantec :
• Enterprise Mobility
• Secure Mobile Advisors
• Case Study : Quest Diagnostics Mobilizes their Clinicians and Sales Reps
Under the MetaCrypt design , phone records would be stored in a strongly encrypted form . Just as with the existing phone records database , agencies could search through records by providing a phone number of interest . They would get back records showing the calls made from that number and from the numbers called from that phone—a so-called “ two hop ” query . However , under Kamara 's design the query numbers would be supplied to the data store in an encrypted form , preventing anyone else from discovering what was being looked for . The records that come back would themselves be encrypted , and would be meaningless to anyone who intercepted them on their way back to the analyst who made the query .
The MetaCrypt design also includes a way to ensure that only approved searches are performed in the first place . Generating an encrypted search query that the data store will process requires that two analysts and at least one supervisor contribute their personal cryptographic keys . Another check is performed when it comes to decrypting the result that comes back .
Kamara 's work only shows that it 's possible to use existing encryption methods this way . Implementing MetaCrypt on a system handling large volumes of data would require significant extra work , and the end result might fall short of the performance considered practical by systems designers at a large company or government agency .
Still , Kamara 's proposal comes at a time when the NSA 's phone surveillance program is in flux . President Obama said in January that the agency should no longer hold a domestic phone records database and suggested a third party could do so instead ( see “ Obama Promises Reform of Bulk Phone Surveillance Program ” ) . Then , in March , the president said that the NSA would query records held by individual phone companies . However , that proposal must be approved by Congress , and for now the current database—and its five years of call records—remains in place .
Whatever form the new phone surveillance system ends up taking , ideas such as Kamara 's are unlikely to ever gain much traction in the U.S. intelligence community , says William Binney , a former NSA analyst and cryptographer who has been a vocal critic of the agency since retiring in 2001 .
Binney led design of a system called Thin Thread while working for the agency . It combined surveillance information from phone records and other sources , but also kept data on U.S. citizens encrypted unless a warrant had been secured . Binney says that second feature contributed to the program being canceled soon after a successful pilot . “ It was seen as an impediment to them being able to do searches of any kind that they wanted , ” says Binney , despite the fact that the feature did n't interfere with the analysis the system was intended to be used for . “ It was politically unacceptable . ”
Binney believes government access to large stores of domestic surveillance data , even if held by third parties , is unconstitutional . And they do n't think that proposals like Kamara 's would get a welcome reception today inside U.S. intelligence agencies , despite recent public attention to their activities . “ It 's a good idea , ” they say , “ but it would still be unacceptable . ”
