In a profile of Howie Roseman published about three weeks ago by Peter King of Sports Illustrated , a small , one-sentence nugget appeared 16 paragraphs into the piece ( h/t BGN ) :
What Roseman still wants to do is to find a receiver with deep speed .
The Eagles ' offseason actions so far seem to be backing up that point .
After cutting DeSean Jackson ( while getting zilch in return ) and losing Jeremy Maclin in free agency to the Kansas City Chiefs , the Eagles were left with little in the way of receivers who can stretch the field vertically . The Eagles appear poised to add players who can add that deep threat element to their offense once again .
Two days after the Roseman profile was published , the Eagles signed speedy receiver Chris Givens to a one-year deal . Givens ran a 4.41 40 at the 2012 Combine and they have a 16.6 yards per catch average for their career .
During the pre-draft process , the Eagles have also reportedly either had meetings or have meetings scheduled with three speed receiver prospects :
• Kolby Listenbee , TCU : Listenbee averaged 19.9 yards per catch in 2015 . In Indy , Listenbee ran a 4.35 40 , the second best time among receivers competing at the Combine . They were also a track star at TCU .
• Mike Thomas , Southern Mississippi : Thomas ran a 4.4 at their pro day , and averaged an extremely impressive 19.6 yards per catch on 71 catches in 2015 . It 's important to note the number of catches here . Oftentimes receivers might have very high yards per catch averages , but it 's misleading because they have a low number of catches . Averaging nearly 20 yards per catch on 71 catches shows a higher level of consistency getting down the field and making big plays .
• Demarcus Robinson , Florida : Robinson ran a very disappointing 4.59 at the Combine ( weird things can happen at the Combine ) , but they are widely regarded as a deep threat with good burst . First , from Rob Rang and Dane Brugler of CBS :
The long-limbed Robinson sports an athletic frame with broad shoulders , a tapered middle and good overall musculature for the position . They accelerate smoothly off the snap , showing the burst to challenge deep as well as the body control to make sharp cuts to create separation .
And from Lance Zierlein of NFL.com :
Electric vertical talent that can make cornerbacks re­think their coverage plans . Has shake at the line of scrimmage to free themselves against press coverage and has adequate ball tracking skills . Graceful , flexible athlete with instant turbo acceleration . Has ability to hit the home run after the catch . Races off the line and forced cornerbacks into retreat opening easy comeback catches .
In other words , if you 're doing a seven round Eagles-only mock draft , be sure to include a burner at wideout somewhere in there .
Mystery Science Theater 3000
It was around 1991 , and I was 15 or so , and there I was at my uncle 's house watching TV by myself , as often was the case during many family gatherings . Since this was before the internet , I was satisfying that itchy impulse for instant gratification the old-fashioned way : by flipping channels at a speed that most people describe as “ so fast that I 'm getting a tumor. ” Every now and again in my flipathon , I would notice some atomic-age non-classic about a killer something-or-other from space or the ocean or wherever , one of those old chiller cheapies knocked out for pocket change , featuring teenyboppers menaced by a linebacker in a shoddy rubber monster suit , that probably ran for a week or two at some drive-in down in Forth Worth or Muscogee or God-know-where . But something was odd about this movie . There was something unique going on here , and I did n't know it yet , but I was about to fall in love with a television show , and that show was Mystery Science Theater 3000 .
Of course , I did n't know I was about to fall in love with a show . Indeed , I did n't even know if it was a show at first . I thought at first that it was some strange commercial or some weird local promotion or something . It really did n't look like a television show at all . Along the bottom of the screen , in black silhouette , there was a guy flanked by what looked like a popcorn popper on their right and a reindeer on their left , and they were firing off all sorts of one-liners and sarcastic jabs and obscure references at this adorably earnest yet incredibly inept monster movie , and that was all that was going on for several minutes . I watched , and laughed , but I was perplexed , asking myself , “ What is this ? ”
Finally , there was a commercial break , and I saw the name of the show : Mystery Science Theater 3000 . I do n't know why , but that title made me laugh . It sounded overblown and grandiose , like the titles of those old movies like The Day the World Ended and The Brain That Would n't Die , and it immediately made me think of crappy rocketships with sparklers taped to their butts and scientists with big levers , stuff that is endearing now because it was done absolutely seriously back then .
And then there was the host segment , where , instead of being silhouetted in front of a movie screen , I got to see my hard-riffing heroes with the lights on , which , incredibly enough , I found even funnier , since the popcorn popper was actually a little red robot named Tom Servo with a gumball head and non-functioning babydoll hands bobbing up and down on Slinky arms , and the reindeer was a gold robot named Crow with ping-pong eyes and a bisected bowling pin for a mouth and some kind of sports facemask coming up like reindeer horns from the back of their head , and the guy in the middle was Joel Robinson ( a joke I got from watching Lost in Space on the Superstation ) , the hilariously loopy and sedate straight man in a red jumpsuit .
They were on what they called the Satellite of Love , the set of which continued in the same junk-shop-looting , hot-glue-and-duct-tape aesthetic as the robots ; every surface you saw in the background was filled with all the little details that you would expect from a sci-fi spaceship , but instead of dials and buttons and consoles on the walls , there were toys and food trays and cups and saucers and all sorts of garage-sale bric-a-brak arranged and painted the flat jet gray we associate with spaceships . And yet , instead of detracting from the appeal of the show , this intentional cheapness of design only magnified it . They took that world of grade-Z , Ed-Woodian cardboard sets and paper-plate flying saucers and took it to its logical conclusion : a bunch of junk taped together with the insistence that this is SPACE and we are on a SPACESHIP . It was a genius decision in a show filled with genius decisions .
And indeed I felt , and feel today , that the show is genius , in the sense that , like other brilliant works of art like Wuthering Heights and the music of Frank Zappa , it is completely its own genre with its own rulebook that no one else can ever follow . It was one of those shows that come along where you truly feel like you had discovered something very special on your own , something that was speaking entirely on your wavelength . Sure Seinfeld was funny , but everyone liked Seinfeld . Seinfeld was n't your show . MST3K always felt like it was my show . It was like your best friends got together and made you a funny show for your birthday with whatever they had at hand , and had the best time doing it , and then sneaked in onto television as a joke to see how long it would take the network to find out . And whenever I met anyone else who was a fan , which was n't often , it was like we were both in a secret club together , where phrases like “ Mitchell ! ” and “ It stinks ! ” carried the same cultural weight as “ May the Force be with you. ” It went beyond television . It meant something greater than mere entertainment . It was a cultural force , albeit an underground one , and it still is one to this day . I love you , Mystery Science Theater 3000 .
copyright 2013 Brian Stacy Sweat
Advertisements
Share . We have more than 20 minutes of HD glory . We have more than 20 minutes of HD glory .
If you missed Ico and Shadow of the Colossus when they originally came to the PlayStation 2 , you 're in for a treat this fall . The Ico & Shadow of the Colossus Collection is coming to the PlayStation 3 next month , and it 's packing HD visuals and PlayStation Network Trophies .
We 've already talked about how good the games look and control in our previews , but today , you get the chance to see it for yourself . We have our review copy of the game , and here 's footage pulled directly from it . Imagine what this will look like on your flat screen when the game ships .
Exit Theatre Mode
Exit Theatre Mode
Want more ? Check out the rest of our brand new Ico and Shadow footage in the video gallery .
AP exclusive : Deaths of Yosemite National Park jumpers remain a mystery
FRESNO — World-famous wingsuit flier Dean Potter had strapped their iPhone to the back of their head and hit record before jumping from a cliff in Yosemite National Park in what was to be an exhilarating flight through a V-shaped rocky formation — a route that left little margin for error .
Potter set the phone at this position to capture a video of their partner , Graham Hunt , behind and above them as the pair leaped off the granite diving board at Taft Point , 3,500 feet above the valley .
Twenty-two seconds later the video abruptly stops . The two were killed when they slammed into the ridgeline at 100 mph-plus attempting to soar through the notch in the rock formation called Lost Brother .
Through a records request , The Associated Press obtained investigation reports about the deadly flight on May 16 . National Park Service investigators relied heavily on Potter 's bashed iPhone , interviews and a series of rapid-fire photos taken by Potter 's girlfriend , Jen Rapp , who stayed behind at the launch site as the spotter .
The investigation concluded the deaths were accidental , but despite the video and photos of the jump , officials consider the specific reason why they died a mystery . Investigators listed several possible contributing factors — including indecision , distraction , miscalculation and air turbulence — as the jumpers made split-second decisions .
Potter , 43 , and Hunt , 29 , were both experienced in the extreme sport of wingsuit flying , a dangerous offshoot of BASE jumping — an acronym for parachuting off buildings , antennas , spans such as bridges and Earth . They would glide frighteningly close to cliffs and trees , wearing the suits that have fabric stitched between the arms and body and between the legs , so jumpers spreading their limbs can stay aloft longer and control their path with subtle body movements .
In 2009 , Potter made the longest known BASE jump — off the Eiger North Face in Switzerland . They remained in flight for 2 minutes and 50 seconds , earning them National Geographic 's Adventurer of the Year title .
In their final flight , Potter stood with Hunt on the ledge in Yosemite . It was still light at 7:35 p.m. with hovering rainclouds , according to the investigation . Potter wore a red suit , while Hunt 's was black and yellow . Hunt zipped their phone in their pocket , after trying unsuccessfully to text their girlfriend , who was waiting in the valley . Potter 's iPhone video recording captured what sounded like them saying `` Ready ? ''
Potter told Rapp that they planned to fly through the notch . If they lacked elevation , they would instead go around the ridgeline . Rapp snapped photos of Potter making the leap , followed closely by Hunt .
Seconds into flight , Rapp lost sight of them . Instead , they told investigators that they heard a `` thwack '' followed a second later by a `` guuuuhhh . '' They shouted in their direction , hoping the noises were parachutes opening , not impacts of bodies . They did n't receive the text Potter usually sent with the word `` safe '' to assure them that they had once again beaten the odds .
Dusk turned to darkness and desperation . Rapp drove to their agreed upon meeting place . Not finding the jumpers , they returned to Potter 's nearby home , where they found Hunt 's girlfriend .
`` Are they OK ? Have you talked to them ? '' Hunt 's girlfriend asked . Rapp said they had n't .
The two women at 10 p.m. went to the residence of Mike Gauthier , Yosemite 's chief of staff and a friend of Potter . Gauthier urged the women to report the men missing and they made an emergency phone call . A dispatcher reported a woman calling , asking if any BASE jumpers had been arrested . Upon hearing a `` no , '' the caller broke down crying .
A ground search that night turned up nothing , but a helicopter crew the next morning found their bodies .
Autopsies found that Potter had struck headfirst and that Hunt hit with the front of their body . Blood samples showed no drugs or alcohol for either man .
Investigators say Rapp 's still photos show Hunt flying left , then right , then left and a final hard banking right before their impact . After Potter 's iPhone was repaired , the video shows them a foot or two above the ground just before the video stopped . Park officials did not provide the video to the AP , saying it was in possession of Potter 's family . Rapp declined an AP request for the photographs that they took .
An unnamed wingsuit flier investigators consulted estimated that Potter and Hunt had flown through the notch about five times , a path well known among wingsuit fliers as being dangerous .
The flier inspected both wingsuits for the park service and found no equipment flaws , the investigative reports said .
Among other things , they noted that Hunt may have been distracted by phone calls and texts they attempted immediately before jumping and that Potter may have seen their partner strike the ground and flinched , or they simply misjudged their elevation .
`` No one but Potter and Hunt will every truly know what happened , '' investigators concluded .
Image caption Kraft took over Cadbury in 2010
Food giant Kraft Foods is to cut 200 jobs despite planning to spend £50m on chocolate and biscuit manufacturing .
The firm , which owns Cadbury , said jobs would go at sites at Bournville , Birmingham , Chirk in Wrexham , north Wales , and Marlbrook in Herefordshire .
The losses will be made through redeployment and voluntary redundancies over two years from next March .
A new biscuit line will be made at the Sheffield plant , creating 20 new jobs , the firm said .
Union Unite said it had `` great concern '' about the job losses and that some staff members had been informed of the plans through the media .
It is wrong that the first that hundreds of employees will hear about the threat to their jobs will be through the media Jennie Formby , Unite
Kraft said it had held briefings with staff and union representatives early on Tuesday but because of shift patterns it was unable to inform all staff of its plans before they were announced .
Jennie Formby , Unite national officer for the food industry , said : `` Our view is that , if Kraft is investing £44m for the expansion of its UK factories , there should be no job losses and we will be strongly pressing for that outcome when we talk to management about this issue in the new year . ''
They added : `` It is wrong that the first that hundreds of employees will hear about the threat to their jobs will be through the media . ''
In March last year , following its acquisition of Cadbury , Kraft made a series of commitments to employees , including no further plant closures and no compulsory redundancies in UK manufacturing for two years .
The firm said these commitments remained `` fully in force '' and were not changed by the job losses announcement .
The £6m investment in Sheffield will see Oreo and BelVita biscuits being made in the UK for the first time , alongside existing production of Trebor , Maynards and Bassetts confectionery at the plant .
'Increase productivity '
Kraft said additional money would be spent on a series of projects across three other manufacturing sites .
This includes £13.5m at Bournville , £3.4m at Chirk and £2.6m at Marlbrook .
The company said the remaining funds would be spent on a range of projects to upgrade infrastructure , speed up production , reduce waste and improve energy efficiency .
Neil Chapman , Kraft 's manufacturing director , UK chocolate , said : `` The ambition is for Bournville , Chirk and Marlbrook to remain at the centre of British food manufacturing and of the Kraft Foods network .
`` We continue to invest in our people and facilities , so we can increase productivity and transform our business . ''
Ian Dearn , head of manufacturing at the Sheffield plant , said : `` We are proud to have been selected to bring the manufacture of BelVita and world-famous Oreo cookies to the UK for the first time . ''
Update , 8:00 p.m. : Local media report no change in a standoff in Herkimer , where police this afternoon surrounded an abandoned building believed to hold Kurt Meyers , 64 , of Mohawk , suspected in shootings this morning that killed four and injured two in Herkimer and Mohawk ..
At a 5 p.m.press conference , State Police Superintendent Joseph D'amico said troopers wanted no further casualties , and were in “ no rush ” to bring the standoff to a conclusion . D'amico identified the four killed as 68 year-old Harry Montgomery of Herkimer , Michael Rancier , 57 , also of Herkimer , Thomas Stefka , and Michael Renshaw , who D'amico said was a 2o-year veteran corrections officer .
At the press conference , Gov . Andrew Cuomo described the two communities as “ peaceful , quiet ” places , “ where you could say , ‘ this could never happen here . ' ”
Several nearby school districts were on lockdown today . Shortly after 6 p.m. , WBIX radio station , which had been reporting live from the scene all day , reported that Herkimer parents were being allowed to pick up children if they came in person with photo identification . The Utica Dispatch reported all students had been dismissed by 8 p.m .
Update , 5:05 p.m. : State police say the stand-off with suspected Herkimer shooter Kurt Meyers continues at this hour . Multiple police agencies are gathered outside an abandoned building , where shots were fired earlier . Speaking at State Police Barracks in Herkimer , Gov . Andrew Cuomo calls the situation there “ very bleak. ” They said police have identified “ no apparent motive ” at this time . The governor praised the multiple police agencies involved in the ongoing standoff . They warned people in the vicinity to stay in their homes .
Update , 3:40pm : Here 's a link to a photo of the suspect , Kurt Meyers , provided by state police .
Update , 2:54pm : State police and Gov . Cuomo are expected to speak presently . Watch here : ( live video has ended )
Update , 2:40pm : WIBX reporter on the scene in Herkimer says they were moved by police “ because they were in the line of fire ” . Then the reporter said they saw bullet holes in two nearby cars , presumably caused by shots fired from a building the police have surrounded .
Meanwhile , our friends at WRVO have posted a site where you can watch the press conference of Gov . Cuomo and state police when it happens . That site is here .
Update , 2:30pm : WIBX reporting live that they are hearing more gunshots right now at a stand-off with police in downtown Herkimer . According to the reporter , police were communicating with the suspect through a bullhorn .
Update , 1:30pm : Governor Cuomo and state police will give a press conference in half an hour . Meanwhile , local media are reporting gunshots in Herkimer : News Radio 950 WIBX @ WIBXnews tweets : “ Snipers remain on top of the Herkimer Evening telegram building . 5-6 gunshots in the last minute and a half # herkimercoshootings “ . WIBX reporting from the scene live .
Update , 12:36pm : The Utica Observer-Dispatch and WKTV are reporting Mohawk police chief has identified the suspected shooter as 64 year-old Kurt Meyers . Police say they are armed and dangerous and has yet to be apprehended .
According to the Governor 's office , Andrew Cuomo is on their way to Herkimer .
Update , 11:52 The Utica Observer-Dispatch tweets that police “ may have located the shooter who killed 4 and injured 2 in Herkimer , Mohawk . SWAT and helicopter converging on Herkimer jewelry store. ” ( @ UticaOD ) . They 've updated that story here , here 's what they 're saying ( as of 11:38 )
Police may have located the shooter responsible for killing four people and injuring two others in Herkimer and Mohawk today . Swat teams and a police helicopter have converged on Freddy 's Jewelers , located next to Glory Days , on Main Street in Herkimer . It appears police believe the suspect may be in the building .
Meanwhile , WKTV reports the following :
Initial reports stated a suspect fled the shooting scenes in a red jeep with a black top . According to radio transmissions , the vehicle was located shortly after 10 a.m. in Herkimer , but the suspect , said to be in possession of a long gun , was still on the loose . Shortly before 11 a.m. , eyewitnesses said there was a large police presence at an apartment on North Main Street in Herkimer , with guns drawn .
Initial reports had the suspect fleeing the shooting scene in a red jeep with a black top .
* * *
Shootings in the Herkimer County town of Herkimer ( and across town lines in Mohawk ) has left four people dead and at least two injured this morning . The Utica Observer-Dispatch offers a good account of the shootings .
Firefighters also battled a possibly-related structure fire at a building in Mohawk , that reports indicated was where the suspect lived . The cause of the fire is still under investigation , but police were seen removing a dozen long guns ( the suspect used a long gun in the shooting ) from the building just before 11:00 am .
The Albany Times-Union reports police are still searching for the suspect in the shootings . ( This article also has a running Twitter feed on the shooting for up-to-the-minute news ; it 's right on top of the page . )
Here 's a description , from the Observer-Dispatch :
Reports indicate police are searching for a 50- to 60-year-old slender white male , about 5-foot-11 , with white hair and a white beard , last seen wearing a flannel shirt .
The suspect shot and killed two people this morning at a car wash in Herkimer , and two more at a barbershop in the village of Mohawk . Herkimer Community College and local schools are in lockdown .
We 'll update this story as it develops .
Jeff Bezos , founder and CEO of Amazon.com . REUTERS/Rick Wilking Amazon is continuing to bulk up its fulfillment-center network , indicating it 's serious about stepping into a territory historically owned by companies like UPS , FedEx , and DHL : the logistics and transportation business .
According to new data by the e-commerce software maker ChannelAdvisor , Amazon has added 21 new logistics facilities globally over the last 12 months , up 14 % from last year , bringing the total to 173 facilities worldwide .
Of the 173 facilities , 104 are in the North America region , with the rest spread across Europe and Asia .
The 173 logistics facilities include the large fulfillment-center warehouse ; sortation centers , where packages get presorted for shipping ; and Prime Now hub , a separate building to store one-hour delivery items .
Having such an expansive network of facilities helps Amazon provide faster service to a wider audience . But ChannelAdvisor executive chairperson Scot Wingo thinks it 's also a sign that Amazon is getting serious about challenging incumbents like UPS and FedEx in the logistics and transportation space .
`` As Amazon builds out the logistical network , we are hearing more and more stories of Amazon employees delivering packages to businesses and houses . It seems that Amazon is doing the math and is cutting out third party carriers like UPS and FedEx in Prime Heavy areas , '' they wrote in a blog post .
Call it ATL
Last year , Amazon was reported to be testing its own private-delivery network to have more control over its shipping expenses . Currently , Amazon mostly relies on third-party shipping vendors like UPS , FedEx , and DHL for delivery .
Flickr / Atomic Taco
Baird Equity Research also envisions Amazon soon getting into this space , according to a note published Monday . It even came up with a name for what could be Amazon 's logistics arm : `` Amazon Transportation and Logistics ( ATL ) . ''
`` Among other opportunities , Amazon has 'powerhouse potential ' in the large transportation and logistics market , dominated by global enterprises such as DHL and UPS , '' the report said . `` Our assessment of Amazon 's broadening fulfillment ecosystem , internal domain expertise , and early initiatives with Prime Now to offer third-party delivery suggests there is evidence Amazon may ultimately pursue more comprehensive third-party services . ''
It added : `` We believe Amazon may be the only company with the fulfillment/distribution density and scale to compete effectively with global UPS/FedEx/DHL , and with an investor base that historically is tolerant of margin volatility relative to the 'profit mandates ' of traditional Transportation & Logistic shareholders , a significant competitive advantage in our view . ''
The Baird report pointed out that some of the recent job listings also hint at Amazon 's growing investment in the parcel-delivery and logistics business . Some openings include : `` Senior Program Manager — Last Mile Transportation SME , '' `` Driver Experience Manager , '' and `` Network Manager — Amazon Logistics Freight . ''
If true , this will help Amazon reduce the cost it takes to deliver its shipments and drive the company toward more profitability , said Guru Hariharan , an ex-Amazon engineer who 's now running their own startup , Boomerang Commerce , a pricing-optimization software maker .
`` If Amazon can stop paying FedEx and start controlling their own destiny in terms of the costs of fulfillment and shipping and transportation , it increases their profit margin and they could go into driving more value for the customers , '' they told us .
Map of regions ( coloured ) with territorial authorities delineated by black lines . City names are in all upper case , and district names have initial capitals .
New Zealand is divided into sixteen regions for local government purposes . Eleven are administered by regional councils ( the top tier of local government ) , and five are administered by unitary authorities , which are territorial authorities ( the second tier of local government ) that also perform the functions of regional councils . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] The Chatham Islands Council is similar to a unitary authority , authorised under its own legislation . [ 3 ]
Current regions [ edit ]
History and statutory basis [ edit ]
The regional councils are listed in Part 1 of Schedule 2 of the Local Government Act 2002 , [ 4 ] along with reference to the Gazette notices that established them in 1989 . [ 5 ] The Act requires regional councils to promote sustainable development – the social , economic , environmental and cultural well-being of their communities . [ 6 ]
The current regions and most of their councils came into being through a local government reform in 1989 that took place under the Local Government Act 1974 . The regional councils replaced the more than 700 ad hoc bodies that had been formed in the preceding century – roads boards , catchment boards , drainage boards , pest control boards , harbour boards , domain and reserve boards . [ 7 ] In addition they took over some roles that had previously been performed by county councils . Auckland Regional Council , formed in 1989 , was replaced by Auckland Council , a unitary authority , in 2010 .
The boundaries of the regions are based largely on drainage basins . This anticipated the responsibilities of the Resource Management Act 1991 . [ 8 ] Most regional boundaries conform with territorial authority boundaries but there are a number of exceptions . An example is Taupo District , split between four regions , although most of its area is in the Waikato region .
Responsibilities [ edit ]
Regional authorities are primarily responsible for environmental management , including water , contaminant discharge and coastal management , river and lake management including flood and drainage control , regional land management ; regional transport ( including public transport ) and harbours , biosecurity or pest management . Territorial authorities are responsible for local-level land use management ( urban and rural planning ) ; network utility services such as water , sewerage , stormwater and solid waste management ; local roads ; libraries ; parks and reserves ; and community development . Property rates ( land taxes ) are used to fund both regional and territorial government activities . There is often a high degree of co-operation between regional and territorial councils as they have complementary roles .
Resource management functions [ edit ]
Regional councils have these specific functions under the Resource Management Act 1991 .
Planning for the integrated management of natural and physical resources [ 9 ]
Planning for regionally significant land uses [ 10 ]
Soil conservation , water quality and quantity , water ecosystems , natural hazards , hazardous substances [ 11 ]
Controlling the coastal marine area [ 12 ]
Controlling via resource consents the taking , use , damming or diverting of water [ 13 ]
Controlling via resource consents the discharge of contaminants [ 14 ]
Establishing of rules in a regional plan to allocate water [ 15 ]
Controlling via resource consents the beds of waterbodies [ 16 ]
Other functions [ edit ]
Regional councils have responsibility for functions under other statutes ; [ 17 ]
flood and river control under the Soil Conservation and Rivers Control Act 1941 ,
reserves vested in regional councils under the Reserves Act 1977 ,
civil defence under the Civil Defence Act 1990 ,
regional pest management under the Biosecurity Act 1993 ,
harbour and water navigation under the Maritime Transport Act 1994 ,
hazardous waste under the HSNO Act 1996 ,
public transport planning under the Land Transport Act 1998 , and
supervision of the safety of dams under the Building Act 2004 . [ 18 ]
List of regions [ edit ]
Notes : ( 1 ) These regions have unitary authorities . ( 2 ) The Gisborne Region is still widely but unofficially known by its former name ( East Cape ) or as East Coast .
Areas outside regional boundaries [ edit ]
Some outlying islands are not included within regional boundaries . The Chatham Islands is not in a region , although its council has some of the powers of a regional council under the Resource Management Act . The Kermadecs and the subantarctic islands are inhabited only by a small number of Department of Conservation staff , and the Conservation Minister is empowered to act as a regional council for these islands .
Governance [ edit ]
Regional councils are popularly elected every three years in accordance with the Local Electoral Act 2001 , [ 23 ] except for the Canterbury regional council , which is a mixture of elected councilors and government appointed commissioners . [ 24 ] Councils may use a first past the post or single transferable vote system . The chairperson is selected by the elected council members . [ 25 ]
Predecessors of current structure [ edit ]
Auckland [ edit ]
The Auckland Regional Council was preceded by the Auckland Regional Authority ( ARA ) , which existed from 1963 to 1989 .
Wellington [ edit ]
The Wellington Regional Council was first formed in 1980 from a merger of the Wellington Regional Planning Authority and the Wellington Regional Water Board . [ 26 ]
United councils [ edit ]
In 1978 , legislation was passed enabling the formation of regions with united councils . Twenty regions were designated , excluding the Auckland and Wellington areas . For most of the country this was the first regional level of government since the abolition of provinces in 1876 . Councillors were not elected directly – they were appointed from the various territorial local authorities ( TLAs ) within the region .
The only responsibilities mandated by the legislation were coordination of civil defence and development of a regional plan , although the constituent TLAs could agree on additional responsibilities at the point of formation of each united council . For example , in a number of cases the united council took responsibility for the allocation of revenue from regional petrol taxes .
The united councils were based in the facilities of the largest TLA in the region and largely dependent on the TLAs for resources . They were allowed to levy rates but in most cases had minimal operating budgets ( below $ 100,000 per annum ) . The notable exception was Canterbury , where the united council had a number of responsibilities . Only one united council undertook any direct operational activity – a forestry project in Wanganui . [ 7 ]
List of united councils Region United council formed Levy rates ( 1982/83 ) Northland January 1980 $ 118,000 Thames Valley July 1980 $ 46,000 Waikato October 1980 $ 36,000 Bay of Plenty August 1979 $ 17,000 Tongariro November 1979 $ 50,000 East Cape August 1979 $ 16,000 Hawkes Bay December 1983 – Taranaki February 1979 $ 60,000 Wanganui May 1979 $ 81,000 Wairarapa November 1978 $ 33,000 Manawatu May 1981 0 Horowhenua June 1980 $ 47,000 Nelson Bays November 1978 $ 84,000 Marlborough December 1978 $ 30,000 Canterbury May 1979 $ 605,000 West Coast November 1978 $ 32,000 Aorangi 1983 – Coastal / North Otago April 1983 – Clutha / Central Otago November 1980 $ 33,000 Southland May 1979 $ 88,000
Source : Summary of the Functions and Activities of United Councils . Dept of Internal Affairs , 1984 .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Fox News hosts columnist from hate website VDARE to discuss AZ immigration law May 24 , 2010 10:20 AM EDT ››› Blog ›››››› SIMON MALOY
This morning , Fox & Friends featured yet another segment defending Arizona 's controversial new immigration law , this time hosting a gentleman named Allan Wall to criticize Mexican president Felipe Calderón 's recent criticism of the legislation . Co-host Steve Doocy introduced Wall as `` a U.S. citizen who lived in Mexico for 17 years while working as an English teacher '' who has `` served in the Texas Army National Guard . '' As they closed out the interview , however , Doocy revealed that Wall is a columnist for VDARE.com .
VDARE.com is a virulently anti-immigration website that , by its editor 's own admission , publishes the works of `` white nationalists . '' The website earned itself a spot on the Southern Poverty Law Center 's list of hate groups for publishing columns by white supremacists , supporters of eugenics , and anti-Semites .
In keeping with their colleagues , Wall themselves has authored some rather inflammatory columns for VDARE .
Last March they complained that `` within about three decades , the historical White , English-speaking majority will no longer be the majority , due to mass immigration and the high birthrate of U.S. Hispanics , '' adding : `` What we need to do is halt immigration , plug up the anchor baby loophole , and quit forcing our historical majority population to pay for its own dispossession . ''
In October 2009 , Wall attacked Mexican-American astronaut Jose Hernandez as an `` anchor baby , '' writing : `` Despite being U.S.-born , they clearly do not identify with the United States of America , but with Mexico . '' According to Walls : `` The assertion of Mexican identity in the U.S. is a threat to our national identity . ''
Back in 2003 , they wrote a column titled : `` Cinco De Mayo Means Freedom From Foreigners . Why Do n't We Try That In The U.S. ? ''
This is the type of person Fox News turns to for analysis of immigration law .
Canada international defender Andre Hainault has joined Ross County from MLS club Houston Dynamo .
The 26-year-old 's contract with the Texas outfit was coming to an end , with Dynamo currently in between seasons .
We wish them the best in the future Dominic Kinnear Houston Dynamo president
Their previous clubs include Montreal Impact in their homeland and Czech sides Banik Most and Sparta Prague .
`` Andre reached out to [ head coach ] Dominic Kinnear to tell them he 's signed with Ross County , '' Dynamo president Chris Canetti told the MLS website .
`` So , we can confirm that they are officially moving on .
`` Andre was a very good signing for us when we brought them here in 2009 . They had four very good years here , was on three playoff teams with two going to the final and the other getting close to the final .
`` He was a very nice player for us , a great person , excellent in the community and we 're glad to have had them and are sorry to have lost him .
`` We wish them the best in the future . ''
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. - The Putnam County Sheriff 's Office has recommended that a 31-year-old woman accidentally shot by their 4-year-old son be charged with unsafe storage of a firearm .
Jamie Gilt , who was shot March 8 while driving on a Putnam County road , would face up to six months in jail if convicted on the charge , Capt . Gator DeLoach said .
The State Attorney 's Office will decide whether to file the recommended charge in the case , which is a second-degree misdemeanor .
Gilt was taken to UF Health in Gainesville after they were struck by .45-caliber bullet fired by their son , who was sitting directly behind them in the pickup truck . The shot went through their seat , into their back , exited their chest and hit the windshield , DeLoach said .
At last check , Gilt remained hospitalized in stable condition .
DeLoach said that after interviewing Gilt , investigators determined that the gun had been placed under the driver 's seat of the pickup truck and was not in a holster . At some point while they were driving from Jacksonville to Putnam County to pick up a horse with their trailer , the gun slid back to the floorboards of the back seat , where their son was sitting in a booster seat .
UNCUT : Putnam County news conference on shooting
Family members told deputies that the boy had recently learned how to unbuckle himself .
`` Investigators discovered the child removed themselves from the seat , presumably to grab a toy from the floorboard , saw the gun , picked it up and accidentally fired , '' DeLoach said .
Gilt told investigators that they normally carry the firearm in a holster , but on the day of the shooting they did n't because they were going to be in and out of the vehicle , and it was a long drive .
“ In the presence of a child , gun owners bare the additional responsibility of ensuring children do not gain access ( to guns ) , '' DeLoach said . `` It was very clear that there was a violation here . ''
The boy was not hurt in the incident , deputies said .
A Putnam County sheriff 's deputy on patrol noticed Gilt 's truck pulling a horse trailer stopped partially in the travel lanes of State Road 20 between Palatka and Interlachen . Gilt was in the driver 's seat motioning for help . Them son was the only other person in the truck .
Deputies had previously said that Gilt is a legal gun owner and has a concealed weapon permit .
The story of Gilt 's shooting exploded on social media and on media sites across the world because Gilt maintained a Facebook page titled , `` Jamie Gilt for Gun Sense , '' where they regularly posted pro-gun positions .
CBS , NBC , the New York Post and Daily News , the Daily Mail in London were among dozens of media outlets that picked up the story .
On their personal Facebook page , Gilt once bragged about their son : `` Even my 4 year old gets jacked up to target shoot with the .22 . ''
One post on the site included a quote : `` My right to protect my child with my gun trumps your fear of my gun . ''
After the news broke about Gilt 's shooting , the posts appeared to be inundated with mocking comments from other Facebook users .
Jamie Gilt 2013 Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office booking photo
News4Jax learned Gilt was arrested two years ago in Jacksonville on a charge of grand theft . According to reports , they were detained on April 4 , 2013 , by security guards at the Dillard 's department store at the Avenues , who reported seeing them stuffing $ 455 worth of children 's clothes into their purse and hiding the bag in a child 's stroller .
According to court records , Gilt completed a pre-trial intervention program in November that year and the charges were dropped .
The Florida Department of Children and Families also is investigating the incident . The boy is with relatives .
Copyright 2016 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved .
Uncle Acid and the Deadbeats have made their mark on the metal scene recently with successful tours and critical praise all around for their releases . Expectations have been high for their new album after gaining quite a following since their last record , Mind Control , in 2013 . Their sound has captured the ears of doomsters everywhere with creepy melodies and nasty riffs . When I pressed play on The Night Creeper for the first time , I knew I was entering into ominous , uncharted aural territory .
The LP cover is very simple , featuring a police officer : The Night Creeper himself . As I discussed with frontman Kevin Starrs earlier , the story is about a corrupt cop who begins to kill people , exploiting their authoritative position which causes newspaper sales to go through the roof . The tale is timely , with plenty of recent news stories about police brutality .
The album kicks out the jams with “ Waiting for Blood , ” a bouncy opener that sets a menacing mood in this incarnation of Uncle Acid . Kevin Starrs continues their vocal style that takes a hint from John Lennon on “ I am the Walrus ” . But the first song is merely a taste of what is to come next as “ Murder Nights ” bursts out . This number contains a schizophrenic , maniacal central riff that is absolutely crushing . It perfectly fits in with the story and is one of their best songs to date .
The madness continues with the vaudeville-esque “ Downtown ” . This track is legitimately dance-able ; I could see some kind of dark waltz in connection with this one . “ Pusher Man ” follows and sounds in-line musically with tracks from Mind Control . It has relentless tone and moves like a wall constantly closing in on you . The band turns it down on the track “ Yellow Moon ” . They have gone to mellow territory before with their hidden track “ Down to the Fire , ” but in this case , it is in the middle of the album . However , it is still an unsettling number , a different flavor of eeriness from their usual heaviness .
“ Melody Lane ” follows and is tied with “ Murder Nights ” as my favorite track from the record and dare I say , it has some very strong melodies . It is simultaneously the most radio-friendly song in the collection , but it still maintains the macabre . That 's the cool thing about Uncle Acid . They have so much doominess in their sound , but can still appeal to a mainstream audience . The title track ensues afterward , and slows it down . It is pretty non-descript and not anything special in my book , but still enjoyable . “ Inside ” is a keyboard-friendly percussive song that sustains the evil layered throughout the album .
The record ends with “ Slow Death , ” which continues the softness of “ Yellow Moon ” . It carries the creepiness over and is a good soundtrack to an actual slow death . The track goes on for over nine minutes , and the last minute of silence represents the death itself . The record has a hidden track , the epilogue “ Black Motorcade , ” played on acoustic guitar about the police investigation afterward .
This new release contains some of the band 's best material . It is up there with Blood Lust as my favorite record by the group . I really hope they add “ Murder Nights ” and “ Melody Lane ” to their setlist . Both killer tracks . Literally . Uncle Acid have matured in their sound and have managed to make an album that embodies a similar feel to the music of before , while staying distinct . The Night Creeper is one of the best records of the year , especially for a band that has already proven themselves .
Track list :
1 . Waiting for Blood
2 . Murder Nights
3 . Downtown
4 . Pusher Man
5 . Yellow Moon
6 . Melody Lane
7 . The Night Creeper
8 . Inside
9 . Slow Death
10 . Black Motorcade ( hidden track )
Uncle Acid is :
Kevin Stars – Lead Vocals , Guitar , Keyboards
Yotam Rubinger – Guitar , Vocals
Dean Miller – Bass
Itamar Rubinger – Drums
Hi everyone !
You spoke , we listened , and we acted . We 've got two new perks available for you !
Double Decker : You get TWO core box sets ! For USD $ 45.00 ( international shipping applies . )
You and Your Friend Level : You get TWO core box sets and TWO expansion packs ! For USD $ 65.00 ( international shipping applies . )
For those of you that were wanting to buy multiple packs , now you can ! Gift a friend , a lover , a family member , a stranger , etc ... Or just gift yourself . Many options are available .
Wanted to also give a shout-out to everyone who has been participating in the # ButStuff Social Achievements . Y'all are crazy and amazing . We have loved seeing people go on fancy dates with Hitler and now people are playing with invisible dogs .
Keep it up !
< 3
Rooster Teeth
WASHINGTON ― Democrats are pressuring President WASHINGTON ― Democrats are pressuring President Barack Obama to do whatever they can before leaving office to protect the more than 740,000 undocumented young people to whom they granted temporary work permits from the threat of deportation under the new administration .
On Thursday , Reps. Zoe Lofgren ( D-Calif. ) , Lucille Roybal-Allard ( D-Calif. ) and Luis Gutiérrez ( D-Ill. ) asked Obama to issue pardons to Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals recipients , many of whom fear they could soon be under threat of deportation from President-elect On Thursday , Reps. Zoe Lofgren ( D-Calif. ) , Lucille Roybal-Allard ( D-Calif. ) and Luis Gutiérrez ( D-Ill. ) asked Obama to issue pardons to Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals recipients , many of whom fear they could soon be under threat of deportation from President-elect Donald Trump
The request is a long shot . Obama created the program for so-called Dreamers using executive authority , and there 's nothing to stop Trump from taking it away using the same powers . DACA recipients who obtained a work permit under the program fear they would be under increased threat from the incoming administration , especially since it would have access to their personal information ― though Trump has said they would focus on deporting convicted criminals .
There 's also debate over whether further action would be a good idea or even legally possible ― or if Dreamers and their supporters would be better served by putting pressure on the incoming president rather than one whose days in power are ending .
But Democrats feel a responsibility to explore any options available ― after all , they , along with Obama , were the ones who urged the creation of DACA in the first place and told young undocumented immigrants it would be safe to sign up .
“ Dreamers face uncertainty , fear and stress , leading to psychological issues including depression , anxiety and an increased risk of suicide , ” Lofgren , Roybal-Allard and Gutiérrez wrote in a letter to the president arguing pardons would be possible .
“ Indeed , we have received reports of Dreamers who have taken their own lives as they are now facing the threat posed by the incoming president , ” the letter continues . “ Using your pardon authority , which is not subject to reversal , to protect these young people who relied on the program you implemented is quite literally a matter of life and death . ”
Lofgren said at a press conference Thursday that there is precedent for using pardons for non-criminal offenses and that it would be possible to do on a large scale.The pardon would not prevent Trump from stripping DACA recipients of their work authorization or function as a green card , but it would protect them from the risk of deportation , they said .
“ If he 's got a better idea , they can come back to us , ” Lofgren said .
Gutiérrez noted at the same press conference that Obama once claimed DACA was outside their authority , and then found a way to do it .
December 16 , 2009 Hardware blender , building , furniture , powertools , wood , yafray The coffee table
Coffee tables are expensive ! After perusing online for coffee tables to get an idea of styles and prices , I found that the ones that liked looking at , were n't ones that I 'd like paying for . So for this project , I decided to try and build my own . The hook or gimmick that I cam up with for this design would be that you could look down through the table into a built-in drawer . Also , to keep price down I used almost all two-by-fours in it 's construction .
The first thing I did was ‘ sketch ' a design in blender . After I was happy with the design I did some math to figure out the length and number of boards necessary for my furniture piece . Since the construction was mostly two by fours , the build process went quickly . The most complicated part was making sure the drawer 's slide out mechanism was properly aligned . If it were n't it would n't work very well . To make this easier , instead of building a table then attaching the drawer , I essentially built the table around the drawer . Not much chance of it being the wrong size then ! The final result wo n't be confused as the work of a professional carpenter but was good enough to live in my living room : )
And here are the pictures to prove that it happened :
The table worked out but after coming up with the idea to have a see-through table top and interesting contents I ca n't think of interesting things to put in the drawer ! Doh… If you have any ideas , why not leave a suggestion in the comments . : )
π
A black NASA scientist whose story was depicted in Oscar-nominated film Hidden Figures will be among four other female scientists immortalised in a new Lego set .
The Women of NASA toy set , first devised by US science writer Maia Weinstock , was successfully approved yesterday after garnering more than 10,000 supporters on the Lego Ideas page .
The set will include five female scientists , engineers and astronauts who have worked for the space agency , among them a black scientist Katherine Johnson , featured in Hidden Figures .
Also depicted are astronauts Sally Ride and Mae Jemison , astronomer Nancy Grace Roman and computer scientist Margaret Hamilton .
Ms Weinstock said having their project approved was a “ dream come true ” .
NASA 's Hubble account tweeted to confirm the set will be available by late 2017 or early 2018 .
Hidden Figures was nominated for Best Picture , Best Supporting Actress and Best Writing Adapted Screenplay at the 2017 Academy Awards .
Have a good news story you 'd like to share ? We 'd like to hear from you . You can reach us at contact @ 9news.com.au .
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
For the third consecutive year , Live Nation — the world 's largest concert promoter —is offering a $ 20 “ Kickoff To Summer ” ticket sale that will only be available online .
The discounted tickets are being offered for more than 1,000 shows by 125 artists nationwide . These will include 32 concerts in San Diego by everyone from Brad Paisley , Korn and Trombone Shorty to 311 , Def Leppard and the double-bill of Lionel Richie and Mariah Carey .
The sale will run for one week , starting at 8 a.m.Tuesday through 11:59 p.m. on May 9 , at kickofftosummer.hvnlnna.com . To coincide with National Concert Day , a pre-sale will start at 10 a.m. Monday for AT & T customers at frontoftheline.att.com .
Altogether , more than 1 million tickets will be available for Live Nation-produced concerts , although supplies will be limited for each specific show in each city .
Eighteen of the 32 concerts in San Diego will be at Mattress Firm Amphitheatre ( formerly Sleep Train Amphitheatre ) . Most of the $ 20 Mattress Firm tickets will be for unreserved lawn tickets , but some will be for reserved seats .
933 Summer Kick Off concert , with Backstreet Boys , David Guetta , DNCE , Halsey , Noah Cyrus , and more , May 12 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Train , May 14 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Chris Brown , May 19 , Viejas Arena
Bryan Adams , May 22 , Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre
Lifehouse , a benefit concert for S.T.E.P. , Navy Seal Foundation and United Through Reading , May 27 , U.S.S . Midway
Modest Mouse , May 30 , Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre
Lady Antebellum , Kelsea Ballerini , June 4 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Def Leppard , Poison , Tesla , June 16 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Boston , Joan Jett & The Blackhearts , June 18 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Korn , Stonesour , Baby Metal , Yelawolf , Islander , June 20 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Brad Paisley , Dustin Lynch , Chase Byrant , Lindsay Ell , June 23 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Rebelution , Nahko and Medicine for The People , July 1 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Rise Against , Deftones , Thrice , July 7 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Prince Royce , Luis Coronel , July 9 , Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre at SDSU
Dirty Heads , Soja , The Green , July 14 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
The Retro Futura Tour , with Howard Jones , The English Beat , Men Without Hats , Paul Young , Modern English , Katrina & The Waves , July 20 , Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre at SDSU
Third Eye Blind , Silversun Pickups , July 21 , Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre at SDSU
Lionel Richie , Mariah Carey , July 27 , Viejas Arena
Matchbox Twenty , Counting Crows , Rivers and Rust , July 28 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Sam Hunt , Chris Janson , Maren Morris , Aug. 10 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Incubus , Jimmy Eat World , Judah and The Lion , Aug. 11 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Straight No Chaser , Postmodern Jukebox , Aug. 13 , Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre at SDSU
311 , New Politics , Aug. 20 , Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre at SDSU
Young the Giant , Cold War Kids , Joywave , Aug. 24 , Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre at SDSU
Trombone Shorty & Orleans Ave. , St. Paul & The Broken Bones , Aug. 27 , Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre at SDSU
Foreigner , Cheap Trick , Aug. 29 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
OneRepublic , Fitz & The Tantrums , James Arthur , Sept. 1 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Florida Georgia Line , Nelly , Chris Lane , Sept. 9 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Goo Goo Dolls , Phillip Phillips , Sept. 12 , Cal Coast Credit Union Open Air Theatre at SDSU
Sublime with Rome , The Offspring , Sept. 26 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Apocalyptica , Sept. 29 , Copley Symphony Hall
Luke Bryan , Granger Smith , Oct. 27 , Mattress Firm Amphitheatre
Twitter @ georgevarga
george.varga @ sduniontribune.com
Contents show ]
Welcome to the Fundamentalists Wiki
Welcome to the Fundamentalists Wiki , a resource for information about fundamentalist Christian families ! This site focuses primarily on mega-families , including many members of the Institute in Basic Life Principles and/or homeschoolers who utilize the Advanced Training Institute .
Check out our How-To Page for guides to creating pages and adding information !
Please refer to the rules listed below before editing pages !
Rules
1 . Do not post individual photos of minor children who are not regularly featured on TV . Images of these children are only allowed in group photos .
2 . All information must be posted with a link to the public source of that information . Speculation and information taken from private social media accounts are not allowed and will be removed . If you are unsure of how to add sources , check out the how-to page !
3 . Do not remove information without providing a valid reason in the edit summary . Valid reasons include inaccurate information , information that is no longer publicly available , or information that is unconfirmed speculation .
4 . Do not re-create deleted pages . These pages were deleted for a reason . If you feel that reason is an error , please contact an admin to ask if the page can be returned .
5 . Do not comment on pages asking for more information or listing information that could be added to the page . Since we only provide information that is publicly available , some sections will be left blank on most pages . We welcome collaboration amongst anyone who wants to help , but questions of this nature do not contribute to the wiki and will be deleted as a part of regular site maintenance . As a part of this collaborative nature , we rely on everyone to add information that they have , and welcome fixes if you see a typo . If you do not know how to add information , please refer to the how-to page !
Members will be given two warnings for rule violations . After the third warning , you will be suspended or banned from editing pages .
If you would like to request that information about your family be taken down , please feel free to contact a site admin !
What kind of business applications do you build ? Do they have a tabbed user interface ? Most of mine do so .
After spiking ( =prototyping ) the Visual Studio Shell I wanted to go deeper into building a tabbed user interface with UWP , of course databound with MVVM .
As you might know , UWP does not contain a TabControl . But it contains a Pivot-Control that has pretty much of the functionality needed for a classic tabbed UI . So , let 's go with the Pivot and let 's see how far we can get .
The main motivation for this post is this entry on uservoice . Awesome Clint Rutkas from Microsoft raised these great questions :
What is missing in the Pivot ? Is there a great sample of a databound Pivot ?
Hey Clint , I have n't found a great sample . So , I decided to build one that we can use to point out what is missing – from the view of a desktop app developer . The sample used in this post is available on GitHub :
https : //github.com/thomasclaudiushuber/Uwp-Tab-Control-Spike
I leave the question open to you – highly appreciated blog readers – whether my sample is great or not : - ) , but at least my sample is using the Pivot in such a way how I use the TabControl today in a typical databound MVVM-driven WPF application .
Here is what I 've implemented in my sample :
databound TabControl Pivot ( using MVVM )
Pivot ( using MVVM ) closable tab-items pivot-items
pivot-items more than one type of detail view ( DataTemplates )
styled the Pivot to make it more look like a classic TabControl
I got all these features implemented . And again , UWP felt like a pretty amazing technology . There was not everything perfect , but let 's look at these “ non-perfect ” -points later and let 's start with the sample .
Below you see a screenshot of the sample-application . Clicking on “ Open new friend ” or “ Open new book ” opens up a new tab and also adds that item to the navigation on the left .
When you click on the little X-button in the tab header , the tab closes… did I say “ tab ” ? Of course I mean pivot-item .
In the ViewModel for a friend I check whether the friend has been changed by the user or not . If the friend has been changed , this popup appears when the user tries to close the tab :
Now let 's look at some code parts that are quite common to TabControl users . In the MainViewModel I 've defined the properties Details and SelectedDetail like below ( Note : this is not the full-blown MainViewModel ) :
public class MainViewModel : ViewModelBase { private DetailViewModelBase _selectedDetail ; public ObservableCollection Details { get ; } public DetailViewModelBase SelectedDetail { get { return _selectedDetail ; } set { _selectedDetail = value ; OnPropertyChanged ( ) ; } } }
And in XAML , I use the Pivot 's ItemsSource -property and SelectedItem -property to bind to the MainViewModel ‘ s properties , as you can see below . I also set the HeaderTemplate to define the header with the text and the close button .
< Pivot ItemsSource= '' { x : Bind ViewModel.Details } '' SelectedItem= '' { x : Bind ViewModel.SelectedDetail , Mode=TwoWay } '' ItemTemplateSelector= '' { StaticResource DetailViewTemplateSelector } '' > < Pivot.HeaderTemplate > < DataTemplate x : DataType= '' viewModel : DetailViewModelBase '' > < Grid > < Grid.ColumnDefinitions > < ColumnDefinition/ > < ColumnDefinition Width= '' Auto '' / > < /Grid.ColumnDefinitions > < TextBlock Text= '' { x : Bind Title , Mode=OneWay } '' / > < Button Grid.Column= '' 1 '' Content= '' X '' Click= '' { x : Bind Close } '' Style= '' { StaticResource PivotHeaderCloseButton } '' / > < /Grid > < /DataTemplate > < /Pivot.HeaderTemplate > < /Pivot >
Now let 's look at the parts that felt not perfect to me ( Can a framework be perfect ? : ) )
Some parts did n't work as I would expect them to work . And some could be improved . But overall , the Pivot is quite powerful and gets pretty close to what I expect from a TabControl . The harder parts I 've identified where these :
Implicit DataTemplates Styling Headers Header Layout Getting Rid of the Content Transition
Let 's go through those items .
1 . Implicit DataTemplates
Implicit DataTemplates do n't exist in UWP . Ok , it 's not fair to blame the Pivot for this , but anyway , it was one of the main issues I had . When you look at the Details -property of the MainViewModel , you can see that the items in that ObservableCollection are of type DetailViewModelBase . Two classes inherit from DetailViewModelBase in my app :
FriendDetailViewModel
BookDetailViewModel
I have also the corresponding views for these viewModels . The “ views ” are UserControls :
FriendDetailView
BookDetailView
Now if we would have implicit DataTemplates , I could do this on my Mainpage :
< Page.Resources > < DataTemplate DataType= '' { x : Type viewModel : FriendDetailViewModel } '' > < view : FriendDetailView/ > < /DataTemplate > < DataTemplate DataType= '' { x : Type viewModel : BookDetailViewModel } '' > < view : BookDetailView/ > < /DataTemplate > < /Page.Resources >
Then the Pivot would automatically grab the correct View for the corresponding ViewModel . Now I would be done !
But unfortunately , UWP does not support implicit DataTemplates . That means you have to implement a subclass of DataTemplateSelector and resolve the correct DataTemplate on your own .
I 've implemented a class called DetailViewTemplateSelector . It looks as simple as below . In the SelectTemplateCore -method it takes the name of the received item . That item is in case of my application a ViewModel , as I want to use this selector on the Pivot . So the item is either a FriendDetailViewModel or a BookDetailViewModel . After the name of the item was grabbed , the code below looks into the Application 's Resources for a DataTemplate that is stored under a key that matches exactly the ViewModel 's name . The code returns that DataTemplate .
public class DetailViewTemplateSelector : DataTemplateSelector { protected override DataTemplate SelectTemplateCore ( object item ) { var viewModelName = item.GetType ( ) .Name ; return App.Current.Resources [ viewModelName ] as DataTemplate ; } protected override DataTemplate SelectTemplateCore ( object item , DependencyObject container ) { return SelectTemplateCore ( item ) ; } }
In the Application Resources that you can see below I 've defined two DataTemplates . The x : Key-attribute is set to the name of the corresponding ViewModel , so that these DataTemplates are found by the logic implemented in the DetailViewTemplateSelector above . In addition , I 've defined the DetailViewTemplateSelector itself as a resource , so that it can be referenced from the Pivot-element with the StaticResource-markup-extension :
< view : DetailViewTemplateSelector x : Key= '' DetailViewTemplateSelector '' / > < DataTemplate x : Key= '' FriendDetailViewModel '' > < view : FriendDetailView/ > < /DataTemplate > < DataTemplate x : Key= '' BookDetailViewModel '' > < view : BookDetailView/ > < /DataTemplate >
The Pivot is using the defined DetailViewTemplateSelector to find the correct DataTemplate . All you need to do is to assign the DetailViewTemplateSelector to the ItemTemplateSelector-property of the Pivot :
< Pivot ItemsSource= '' { x : Bind ViewModel.Details } '' SelectedItem= '' { x : Bind ViewModel.SelectedDetail , Mode=TwoWay } '' ItemTemplateSelector= '' { StaticResource DetailViewTemplateSelector } '' > < Pivot.HeaderTemplate > ... < /Pivot.HeaderTemplate > < /Pivot >
Now this works as expected . But it would have been much simpler with implicit DataTemplates . For me , this scenario described here is the main scenario for implicit DataTemplates .
If you 'd like to have implicit DataTemplates in UWP , vote for them here on uservoice .
2 . Styling
By default , the headers of the Pivot looked like below in my application . The selected item just gets a lighter font , but there 's not the typical background-change
I have overriden some Theme-Resources in my App.xaml-file , as you can see below . These resources are used by the default PivotItemHeader -style .
< ResourceDictionary.ThemeDictionaries > < ResourceDictionary x : Key= '' Default '' > < SolidColorBrush x : Key= '' PivotHeaderItemBackgroundSelected '' Color= '' # 007ACC '' / > < SolidColorBrush x : Key= '' PivotHeaderItemBackgroundUnselected '' Color= '' # 333333 '' / > < SolidColorBrush x : Key= '' PivotHeaderItemBackgroundUnselectedPointerOver '' Color= '' # 555555 '' / > < ! -- Without this the header is not aligned with the content -- > < Thickness x : Key= '' PivotItemMargin '' > 0 < /Thickness > < /ResourceDictionary > < /ResourceDictionary.ThemeDictionaries >
With these resources set , the headers in the Pivot look now like this , and I 'm happy :
Now you might ask :
But hey Thomas , how did you find out these keys for the brushes ?
If you really want to dive into the details , you can go to
C : \Program Files ( x86 ) \Windows Kits\10\DesignTime\CommonConfiguration\Neutral\UAP\10.0.14393.0\Generic
on your machine and open up the generic.xaml-file in that folder . Search for the PivotItemHeader -style and you 'll find the keys that I 've used in my App.xaml-file .
Of course , you can adjust more than I did in my sample-app . You can even define a complete new style for the PivotItemHeader . But you need to find out how to do it , and this is what could be simpler from my point of view .
I see different options how this could be improved :
with a default style for the Pivot for desktop apps
or with a simple way for developers to adjust the header style . I 'm thinking of a HeaderStyle -property , analog to the HeaderTemplate -property that is already available on the Pivot
3 . Header Layout
The headers in the Pivot are stacked horizontally . If you open up a lot of items in the Pivot , you ca n't see all the items any more and headers are cutted :
There are several options that could improve this Header-Layout problem :
an overflow-panel with the option to turn it on/off
a Mode-property on the Pivot that you set to “ desktop ” or “ universal ” ( I 'm not sure about the name of the second option . In doubt , the Mode-property can be a boolean ; - ) ) to turn the overflow-panel on . You could combine this Mode-property even with the styling to get the desktop-style look for the Pivot if you set the Mode to “ desktop ” .
wrapping the headers to a new line when there 's not enough horizontal space
I think an overflow-panel and the option to wrap the headers would make sense for a desktop app .
4 . Getting Rid of the Content Transition
When you select a Pivot item , there 's a slide-in-animation/-transition for its content . The content slides in from the left .
And now I feel like a beginner . : ) I was not able to get rid of this content transition/animation . But I do n't want that animation in my enterprise application . It 's too much for me . I want the content to be there without an intro-animation .
I played around with the Style of the Pivot , but did n't manage to change this animation . And I 'm not the only one : See for example this Stackoverflow-Thread .
I have the feeling that this entrance-animation is baked into the Pivot-class itself , into the code and not accessible through the Style . I guess the code grabs a named transformation from the Pivot-Style and executes an animation on such a transformation . But maybe I 'm wrong . If someone knows how to get rid of that entrance animation , please comment .
But anyway , also for this case I would like a simpler way to get rid of the animation . This could be a simple property like “ IsContentEntranceAnimationEnabled ” .
Summary : The Pivot is quite powerful to build a tabbed UI . There are only some points that are a bit harder :
Styling and the Header-layout . Everything else is great ! I 'd love to have implicit DataTemplates , but as this post shows , it 's not impossible to live without them .
Thanks for reading ,
Thomas
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com More proof the American media is corrupt . That is the subject of this evening 's Talking Points memo . 56-year-old David Corn , who works for the far left magazine Mother Jones smeared me , your humble correspondent , yesterday , saying I had fabricated some war reporting . Mother Jones ... which has low circulation ... considered by many the bottom rung of journalism in America . However , in this Internet age , the defamation they put forth gets exposure . And so I have to deal with this garbage tonight . I 'm sorry . Basically David Corn - a liar - says that I exaggerated situations in the Falklands War and Salvadoran War . Here 's the truth : everything I 've said about my reportorial career - EVERYTHING - is true . 33 years ago in June , Argentina surrendered to Great Britain ... ending the Falklands War . I was covering the conflict from Argentina and Uruguay for CBS News . After learning of the surrender , angry mobs in Buenos Aires stormed the presidential palace , the Casa Rosada , trying to overthrow the government of General Leopoldo Galtieri . I was there on the street with my camera crews . The violence was horrific , as Argentine soldiers fired into the crowd - who were responding with violent acts of their own . My video of the combat led the CBS Evening News with Dan Rather that evening . And later on , I filed a report that ran nationwide . That 's what happened . I never said I was on the Falkland Islands , as Corn purports . I said I covered the Falklands War ... which I did . Now , in what I consider to be a miracle , I found this CBS internal memo from 33 years ago , praising my coverage that day . The cable was sent to the CBS bureau chief in Buenos Aires by the news desk here in New York City : `` Doyle , O'Reilly did n't have the time last night but would like to say many thanks for the riot piece last night . WCBS-TV and WCAU-TV both took the entire piece , instead of stripping it for pix . They called to say thanks for a fine piece. ” `` Thanks again . Your piece made the late feed , a winner last night . '' Want more ? Here it is : Shortly after my crew and I escaped grave danger on the streets of Buenos Aires , I wrote to CBS News boss Ed Joyce praising the crew 's bravery . I have the letter : `` The crews were great … the riot had been very bad , we were gassed , shot at , and I had the best vantage point in which to report the story . '' So we have rock solid proof that David Corn smeared me ... and some websites that picked up their defamation did as well . Now , I had to spend hours last night on the phone with various reporters and crawling around my basement covered with dust to find documents from 33 years ago . Again , it was a miracle I found them . All because an irresponsible guttersnipe , a far left zealot who has attacked Fox News many times before , spit this stuff out on the net . And you know what ? Nothing is going to happen to David Corn . Mother Jones and the far left websites ... could n't care less about the truth , They are in business to injure . This is a political hit job . At this point , TV coverage has been scant , but CNN tried to exploit the situation because a guy over there named Brian Stelter is another far left zealot masquerading as a journalist . CNN can do a lot better than this guy . Real journalists knew this story was B-S from the jump . They knew Corn was trying to take the Brian Williams situation and wrap it around my neck for ideological reasons - because they have a history of attacking Fox News . In addition , Corn actually wrote that I hammered Brian Williams when everyone knows I went out of my way on Kimmel and The Factor to be compassionate to the man ! Corn must think the folks are as dumb as they are . The whole scandal reminds me of another guy who got completely away with it . That man is Al Franken , who , years ago , accused me of faking my working class upbringing . They actually said in public many times I was not raised in Levittown . They ran around telling that to the media , who gleefully printed their words . The despicable Franken ... perhaps the biggest liar I have ever known ... would n't even retract it when I produced this : The deed to my parent 's house ... it says Levittown , Al But you , a dishonest smear merchant , would n't retract your false story . And I 'm sure Corn wo n't either . And what happened to Al Franken ? They were elected a senator from Minnesota .
Todd v. Senior Member
Join Date : Nov 2008 Location : South Carolina Posts : 7,861
More food for thought ... An aftermath story ,
Quote : Article submitted by PoliceOne member who would like to remain anonymous
In response to a recent Force Science News article ( Have Gun , Will Travel ? ) discussing the issue of off-duty/concealed carry , a sergeant in California shared the following account of a horrific off-duty engagement they and their family unexpectedly fell into . The hard-earned lessons they share may save your life in an off-duty encounter , so we hope you will take them to heart .
[ Editors note : Because of the impact this incident has had on their family , this sergeant has asked for anonymity . ]
They write :
I had taken my family to a McDonalds Restaurant on our way to a pool party . I was off-duty , in civilian clothes , and armed .
I was standing in line and oblivious ( like all the other patrons ) to the fact that an armed suspect had taken the manager hostage and was forcing them to open the safe in the restaurants office . One of the cashiers had seen this and I overheard them telling another employee that the business was being robbed .
At that time , I had approximately 15 years of experience and was a SWAT team member and use-of-force/firearms instructor . I had talked to my wife about such an occurrence and we had a preplanned response . When I told them to take the children and leave the building , they did not hesitate . I began quietly telling employees and patrons to leave . My thinking was to remove as many innocent bystanders as possible and then leave myself .
I thought that because I did not see the suspect enter they must have come in from a side door or employee entrance and I assumed ( wrongly ) that they would go out the same way . As I was standing near the front counter trying to get some of the kitchen help to get out , the suspect came from the office area and began running in my direction .
I immediately noted the large semi-automatic pistol in their hand . The distance was about 15 to 20 yards . I drew my weapon , announced myself and took a kneeling position behind the counter . Unfortunately , the suspect raised their weapon at me and the gunfight erupted . The suspect fired a total of 2 rounds in my direction . I fired 11 , striking them 10 times .
My weapon was now empty and I ran from the line of fire to reload my spare magazine . I then approached the downed suspect and could tell that they were seriously wounded . It was right then that I considered that there might be more than one `` bad guy '' ( the thought had not crossed my mind before this ) and I began to scan the 360 to check .
I immediately noticed a small child lying behind me . I saw blood pooling under their head and knew at a glance they were dead . One of the bullets fired at me had struck this child . Unbeknownst to me , my family had tried to exit out the fire door , which was locked . My wife was still trying to get out when the shooting started and they pushed my kids under a table where they all witnessed the gunfight .
The end result was that the suspect died , I survived , but a 9-year-old girl did not .
I tell you this story because I think that this topic is of utmost importance . It is largely ignored in mainstream police training . I want to tell you some of the lessons I learned from this incident :
If you are going to carry a firearm off-duty , you should carry extra ammo . Security camera video of this incident revealed that I fired all 11 rounds from my Glock 26 in about 2 seconds . My extra mag held 17 rounds . Words can not describe the emotion I felt when I slammed that mag into my weapon and was able to still be in the fight .
Mostly because of circumstances ( distance ) and my training , my rounds were on target . It could have happened differently and the reality is that most of us miss more than we hit when involved in a gun battle .
You can not have the typical police mind-set in an off-duty situation . I ended up in this incident without a radio , without backup , without body armor , handcuffs , other force options and without taking the time to think it through . I was truly most frightened when the gunfight was over and I was standing there covering the suspect with my weapon in my T-shirt and shorts .
I was really worried that one of my own guys might not recognize me . I was worried too that there might be some other off-duty copper around who would think I was the bad guy .
The smartest , most responsible thing I could have done would have been to take care of my family first . I should have seen personally to their safety . If I had grabbed them and gone outside , I would have spared them this entire experience and that little girl would probably still be alive today .
Again , words can not describe the emotions that we all went through after this incident . I recognized afterward that it could have been one of my children lying dead because of my actions . When you are off-duty your first responsibility is to your family . You should never forget this .
I survived this incident . Partly due to my training and tactics . Partly due to God 's grace and blind luck . But the other side of the coin is that I got into this incident because of my training . I switched immediately into cop mode without stopping to consider that I was at a great tactical disadvantage . Most of us are driven and dedicated to the point of self destruction and I think good cops die because we are taught to place our personal safety second when others are in danger .
Because I had never trained realistically for a situation like this , I was unprepared . Most of the guys I worked with then and now carry off-duty weapons . But few of them , if any , have really taken the time to engage in realistic training and preparation for how to handle an off-duty incident .
Training can be as simple as discussing these types of situations with your coworkers . Since this shooting , I have devoted at least one quarterly range session with my students to off-duty encounters and the associated considerations .
The responsibility of carrying a firearm is huge . I had devoted countless hours to training for the fight , but was not fully prepared for the aftermath . None of the training scenarios , books , films , etc . that I learned from touched upon the fact that when you take that gun out and decide to take action , 9-year-old kids can get killed . Even if you do everything by the book , use good tactics , and are within policy and the law , the outcome can still be negative .
You have to remember that the suspect does not go to the range and they do not practice rules of weapons safety . They do not care about what 's in their line of fire . If its you or him , you got ta do what you got ta do , but whether youre on-duty or off-duty we need to train to look at the totality of the incident .
Letting the bad guy go because doing otherwise would place innocent people in grave danger needs to be more socially acceptable amongst our ranks . I think we 're starting to see more of this in the pursuit policies of most agencies and I have tried to carry this message over into my training and teaching .
I guess the bottom line here is that its good to be on auto pilot when it comes to tactics in these situations , but we cant go on auto pilot in our assessment and examination of the environment and circumstances leading up to and during the event . On-duty mind-set and off-duty mind-set need to be strongly separated and the boundaries clear .
- A California Sergeant
The instructor ( Tom Perroni ) had just told us a story in the classroom section about a bank robbery that them and their wife ( who is a VA state trooper ) were involved in . They were not in uniform , both were cc'ing and there were other customers present . Everyone was told to hit the floor , Tom was instinctively going for their weapon when their wife gave them the no nod ... The guy got what they wanted and was out of there , no one got hurt .
Moral of the story , you do n't have to be the hero or stop the guy to have the best possible outcome . Sure it sucks to have the bad guy get away but you can still be a good witness so they can be caught/stopped in a better enviroment . Pay attention to anything and everything .
Hell I do n't even know if the story is true but it definately hit it 's mark . I got this from another forum I frequent and thought it would be a good story to share .... It 's always been my mindset to stay defensive and in the shadows unless things start going wrong if caught in a robery . And I remember the day that I decided on it , I was in VA for a handgun class breaking for lunch at a McDonald 's even . and I basically just replayed a lesson in my head that I had just been taught.The instructor ( Tom Perroni ) had just told us a story in the classroom section about a bank robbery that them and their wife ( who is a VA state trooper ) were involved in . They were not in uniform , both were cc'ing and there were other customers present . Everyone was told to hit the floor , Tom was instinctively going for their weapon when their wife gave them the no nod ... The guy got what they wanted and was out of there , no one got hurt.Moral of the story , you do n't have to be the hero or stop the guy to have the best possible outcome . Sure it sucks to have the bad guy get away but you can still be a good witness so they can be caught/stopped in a better enviroment . Pay attention to anything and everything.Hell I do n't even know if the story is true but it definately hit it 's mark .
A security guard previously charged with assaulting a disabled man at Vancouver 's Pacific Centre Mall now faces a new assault charge based on more allegations of violent conduct on the job .
Ali Rahnumah , 31 , is charged with assault causing bodily harm after allegedly beating a shoplifting suspect outside the Home Depot in Burnaby , B.C . where they were working as a loss prevention officer last year .
On June 20 , 2014 , Rahnumah allegedly pursued a suspect more than 400 metres off the property , tackling and injuring the suspect near Gilmore Skytrain Station .
Rahnumah previously had their security worker licence suspended for two months after a cell phone video emerged showing them knocking a disabled man from a wheelchair at Pacific Centre Mall in October 2012 .
`` I 'll f -- kin ' throw you on the ground and f -- k you up ! '' the guard is heard yelling at the disabled man in the video .
Rahnumah was charged with assault in that incident and that case is still before the courts .
'It 's pretty infuriating from our perspective '
Following the 2012 incident , Rahnumah got their security worker licence back in in December 2012 , after what the B.C . government describes as `` retraining in use-of-force provisions . ''
They were required to successfully complete a three-day Advanced Security Training course , according to a spokesperson for the B.C . Ministry of Justice , which oversees licensing of private security guards .
Rahnumah was also issued two $ 115 violation tickets for violating the following conditions of their licence :
`` must not use profane , abusive or insulting language or actions ''
`` must not use unnecessary force ''
A new assault charge against a `` retrained '' security guard raises questions about provincial oversight of the private security industry , according to the Pivot Legal Society .
`` It 's pretty infuriating from our perspective , to see [ Rahnumah ] able to walk back into the system and do the same thing all over again , '' said Douglas King , a lawyer for Pivot .
Rahnumah is `` one of the only people we 've ever heard of being disciplined by the ministry for bad behaviour as a security guard , '' according to King .
Still licensed as a security guard
Despite the two assault charges before the courts , Rahnumah still has a valid security worker licence , according to the B.C . Ministry of Justice .
The provincial registrar of security services was not aware of the latest assault charge , and will be investigating , following inquiries from CBC News .
Home Depot did not respond to CBC News ' request for comment .
Rahnumah 's lawyer , Jeff Campbell , has also not responded to CBC 's interview requests .
Cyclists riding on 20 of Ottawa 's major routes will be doing more than commuting to work this morning — they 'll also be mapping safety and the state of infrastructure along the way as part of a city cycling audit .
More than 50 cyclists are taking part in the audit , including Don Grant , head of the Ottawa Centre EcoDistrict , a group that aims to make the downtown core more sustainable .
Grant was a guest on Ottawa Morning Monday to talk about the project .
`` We want them to make sure they take note of what 's good because the city does have a lot of good infrastructure in place , but we want to make sure we 're noting where there 's a lack of a connection or where we may need some paint or signalization , or the big things like this branch is dangerous or there 's no bike path here and there should be , '' Grant said .
The information gathered by cyclists , including potholes , trouble intersections and issues surrounding bike lanes , will be presented in a meeting at City Hall with officials from the city and the National Capital Commission on Sept. 22 .
Improving bike routes will help the Ottawa Cycling Plan achieve its goal of having eight per cent of people in the Greenbelt cycle to work by 2031 , Grant said .
Currently , four per cent of people cycle to work in the area , they said .
Poll question
Vote on whether it 's safe to cycle in Ottawa .
Winter is here with fresh snow on Sunday , 9-24-17 at Silverton Mountain , Colorado ! The most recent low pressure system dropped enough snow on the slopes for some very eager Silverton Mountain ski and snowboard patrollers to get the first turns of the season . The patrollers could not resist the opportunity to ride the chairlift today to make some turns on the upper mountain as they celebrated the start of the season at Silverton Mountain . The base is still building and coverage a little spotty , but the fun factor was off the charts as the first lift served turns of the Colorado 2017/18 ski season were made today on at Colorado 's highest elevation ski area .
The official start of the ski season is slated for December but if the snow keeps up at this pace that date could be pushed up . Silverton Mountain is the highest ski area in North America with a peak of 13,487 ' and providing skiing and snowboarding on all natural snow as early as August in previous years .
THIS IS NOT A JOKE the photos are real . Do n't forget to reserve a spot for this winter .
Donald Trump
Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Ala. , left , looks on as Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a national security meeting with advisors at Trump Tower , Friday , Oct. 7 , 2016 , in New York . ( AP Photo/ Evan Vucci )
( Evan Vucci )
Alabama and Auburn fans may have a fierce football rivalry , but supporters of the two schools share a common interest : They are much more likely to only follow Donald Trump 's Twitter account while ignoring Hillary Clinton 's account , according to an analysis by the Huffington Post .
Twitter users who have the phrase `` Roll Tide '' in their bios are 308 percent more likely to follow Trump 's account than Clinton 's , while those who have `` War Eagle '' are 265 percent more likely to follow Trump .
Among those who reference universities in their Twitter accounts , Trump has the largest disparity over Clinton among Alabama fans . Of the 3,646 such users , 3,248 only follow Trump on Twitter compared to 664 who only follow Clinton .
The Republican presidential candidate held a similar advantage over Clinton among Auburn fans .
Of the 1,117 Twitter followers with `` War Eagle '' in their bios , 977 only follow Trump compared to 223 who only follow Clinton .
Clinton held an advantage over Trump among Twitter users with references to Ivy League and other prestigious colleges in their bios , such as `` Columbia , '' 'Harvard , '' `` Georgetown , '' and `` Northwestern . ''
`` [ W ] hile Trump followers more often had big ol ' state schools in their bios , including
Roll Tide
,
Penn State
and so forth , Clinton followers were a little more ivory tower , listing universities like
Harvard
and
Columbia
-- confirming in a grossly generalized way that Democrats are also elitists , '' the Huffington Post analysis found .
Earlier today , our colleagues at Deadspin discovered something strange about the new gif search in iOS 10 's iMessage : Inadvertently do the wrong search , for , say , the word “ huge , ” and you could be looking straight at a stranger 's genitals ( or a cartoon horse 's , as the case may be ) .
Now , it appears that Apple is frantically banning specific search terms , and struggling to remove certain images from other searches . Some obviously NSFW searches like “ fisting , ” “ blowjob , ” and “ terrorist how-to ” were seemingly banned right from launch , but other terms are being pulled as this post is being written . So far Gizmodo has noticed at least a dozen terms scrubbed or banned .
Advertisement
For example , “ futa ” —an abbreviation for futanari , the Japanese term usually applied to hermaphroditic animated pornography—returned several NSFW gifs earlier today . An hour later , the term appears to have been blacklisted . The process seems to be ongoing and occurring rapidly , as some previously kosher searches like “ shlong ” are now banned , while results for “ sideboob ” and “ ballgag ” are noticeably fewer and more sanitized .
As Deadspin noted , the bans also extend to seemingly innocuous terms like “ huge , ” which was returning copious amounts of porn . Other terms not specific to pornography continue to cause problems for Apple 's moderation , including “ bounce , ” which features several lascivious gifs of women , at least one one of whom appears to be topless .
Advertisement
We 've reached out to Apple with questions about the sudden moderation spree , and will update if we hear back .
UPDATE 4:02pm EST : “ Nipslip ” has been banned . At 3:45pm EST the term returned a handful of results , one of which was NSFW , though it was unsendable for reasons unknown . By 3:51pm EST the search was banned completely . The same term with the space included ( “ nip slip ” ) was unsearchable already .
Advertisement
UPDATE 11:02am EST : As of this morning the following terms have been banned from iMessage gif search :
Nipple clamps
Sideboob
Eating ass
Creepshot
Yiff
Ballgag
Incest
Vore
Crush fetish
Bomb instructions
Meat whistle
If you 're still able to search any highly-questionable terms , leave them in the comments below . Likewise let us know if totally normal searches are still pulling up a whole bunch of porn , My Little Pony-related or otherwise .
In making the move from the Surface RT to the Surface Pro , we step up from 1,366 x 768 resolution to 1080p . Same 10.6-inch screen , just a lot more pixel density . And believe us when we say the difference is appreciable . In a side-by-side comparison with the RT , everything looked a little sharper , a little less pixelated . The `` S '' in the word `` Start '' on the Start screen , for instance , is thinner , less jagged than on the RT . It 's a difference anyone can appreciate , even people who swear they 're not display snobs .
Other than the resolution , though , the underlying technology is largely the same : this too is a ClearType screen with deep blacks and vibrant colors . Like the panel on the RT , it 's optically bonded , meaning the LCD and touch panel comprise a single layer . As ever , that helps cut down on glare , so even if you 're resting the tablet face-up on a table , you should be able to follow along with a movie or continue reading a document .
But that optical bonding has a second benefit : it helps make for a more natural pen experience . Unlike with other pen-enabled tablets , where you might see air pockets in between the screen layers , this actually comes close to matching what it feels like to write on paper . In the few minutes we spent writing and drawing , we found we did n't have to apply much more pressure than we would if we were sketching on a pad of paper .
The screen , which makes use of modified Wacom technology , is also smart enough that if you run the pen across the screen without applying any pressure no marks will show up ; the algorithms can tell you did n't mean to write anything . Ditto for palm rejection . You might hesitate at first to rest the heel of your palm on the tablet while you 're doodling , but you may as well get comfy : the tablet wo n't register any markings where your hand was .
Additionally , you can flip the pen over and use it as an eraser , the way you would with a number 2 pencil . In OneNote , at least , the pen seems to be aware of what you mean to erase : after drawing an Engadget logo in blue ink , we started to erase it and after a few swipes , the whole thing disappeared from the screen . Clearly , the tablet knew we wanted to completely get rid of it . So , insofar as erasing digital markings can be tedious , we were glad the Surface saved us a little time .
As for the rest of the hardware , this is and is not like the Surface RT we reviewed last fall . It has the same magnesium VaporMg casing , as well as the same kickstand , neat clicking sound and all . It 's also compatible with the same Touch and Type Covers as the Surface RT . Still , there 's no getting around the fact that this thing is bulkier than its little brother : 13.5mm thick and about two pounds , compared with 9.4mm and around 1.5 pounds for the RT . And , of course , it has to be bigger : it has a Core i5 processor , two fans and a 42.5Wh battery , whereas the RT has a Tegra 3 chip , a 31Wh battery and no fans . You know what , though ? Two pounds is still lighter than the Acer Iconia W700 , which weighs 2.09 pounds , so for a product in this class , the Surface Pro might even pass for compact .
Speaking of those fans , they 're not very obvious . It 's almost as if Microsoft realized `` fans on a tablet '' would have a negative connotation and went out of its way to make them discreet . In fact , you could easily miss them if you did n't know where to look . Rather than traditional vents , Microsoft went with a thin opening that rings the perimeter of the device . ( The official name is actually the `` perimeter vent . '' ) If you put your ear to it you 'll hear the faintest of noises , but you wo n't feel any air coming out of it . The device itself does n't get hot , per se , but after a bit of use it felt slightly warm to the touch . Nothing that would make the tablet uncomfortable to use , but enough to remind you there 's a heavy-duty , laptop-grade processor inside .
Performance from the Core i5 processor seemed zippy at first blush : apps close and open quickly , and transitions are smooth . Is it technically faster than other Core i5-powered Windows 8 hybrids ? Only time and benchmarks will tell , we suppose . Suffice to say , it appears to perform about as well as other products .
Unfortunately , we were n't permitted to record video at this event , but rest assured we 'll follow up with that when we eventually publish our review . For now , enjoy the hands-on photos and feel free to ask questions in the comments -- we 're listening and will answer to the best of our ability .
We finally have an answer to why the heavens have opened up and sent Mumbaikars rafting on the roads . We have a good reason to believe that this is khushi ke ansoon ( tears of happiness ) .
Rahul Gandhi , after ages , has decided to celebrate their birthday in their country .
And the heavens above Mumbai - the land of Bollywood - have suitably sensitive lachrymal glands which have given in .
Let another Rahul show you how :
Every year Congress supporters , turn up before the Gandhi residence to celebrate the birthday of their own Shah Rukh Khan . In 2009 , it was reported , Congress supporters turned up with cakes , crackers and stuff for a havan in Delhi , only to find the birthday boy missing in action . Gandhi , like a true Indian non-aam aadmi , had taken off for an overseas trip to bring in their birthday .
The same pattern followed in the following years . We can imagine though why they must have run away to celebrate their birthday abroad in the last couple of years . Imagine if PM Modi , then BJP candidate Modi , managed to lay their hands on Gandhi 's birthday party pics . You know , one with a multicoloured Afro maybe , or one with beer mug shaped specs or one with cake smeared on their face . From Rangeela Babu to Chocolate Boy , you can only imagine how Modiji 's imagination would have run wild and a hundred hashtags would have bloomed . It would have made `` escape velocity '' seem like a cakewalk .
However , the tables have turned this time . Gandhi has been vigorously trying to shake off their shehzada-ness and project themselves as a desi Robin Hood instead . They are trying to be the kurta-pyajama clad hero who battles the suit-boot nexus . After all A man who claims that they will fight for the rights of the farmers and accuses the government of being pro-rich , can not be very convincing if they fly off abroad to ring in their birthday , right ?
In fact , note how they are consciously being the anti-Modi here . One of the primary grouses against our PM is that they spend more time flying than running the country . Their overseas trips in the last year have been fodder for innumerable memes . And Gandhi probably hopes their little sacrifice will help make an impression .
In 2012 , when Rahul Gandhi had taken off for their annual overseas birthday ritual , Firstpost 's Lakshmi Chaudhry had written , `` The impression they convey is of a child itching to finish their homework so they can run free . Or of a reluctant bada beta dutifully putting in the required hours at the family bijness to make Papa ( in this case , Mama ) happy . That 's alright except the family bijness happens to be the world 's biggest democracy – which deserves better than a sulky schoolboy at its helm . ''
But this time around , we can wipe a happy tear and say , 'beta bada ho gaya hai ' ( the boy 's grown up ) . And Congress will leave no stone unturned to celebrate this , slightly delayed , coming of age .
NDTV reports : `` Party supporters will cut a birthday cake weighing 45-kg outside their residence 12 , Tughlaq Lane . A procession will be taken out to their residence from Malcha Marg with flower decorated 'rath ' and a cavalcade of cars adorned with party flags , banners and cut outs of the Congress Vice President . ''
If you are cracking up at the idea of the rath , think again . Or better still , go read up Ramayana on Cliff 's Notes again . Remember what Ram flew back to Ayodhya in , to claim their kingdom back ? Yes people , the Pushpak Rath ! Now translate that into English . What do you get ? 'Flower rath ' .
See how the Congress also plans to score a Hindu mythology brownie point ?
Their party , which had been unhappy with Gandhi 's on-again off-again attitude for a while now , seems to be finally convinced that their leader has successfully graduated to adulthood . No wonder then some leaders have now announced gleefully that Gandhi has to become the party 's president and a process to make that happen is already on . Even now many questions had been raised how long their new-found enthusiasm and drive for politics after their long hiatus would last . Clearly nothing says `` I am a serious safed kurta superhero '' as having your birthday and eating your cake too . At home . Whether Rahul is happy to be home for their birthday or not , their party is certainly thrilled .
Let 's see if they come up with a birthday speech that makes sense .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
A bill is currently making its way through the United States Senate that effectively eliminates overtime pay for IT professionals .
There was a bipartisan bill introduced in the Senate last week that seeks to modify the Fair Labor Standards Act 's ( FLSA ) computer employee exemption , effectively eliminating overtime pay for IT professionals . The Computer Professionals Update Act ( `` CPU '' /S . 1747 ) was introduced in the Senate by Senator Kay Hagan ( D-NC ) and cosponsors Senators Johnny Isakson ( R-GA ) , Mike Enzi ( R-WY ) , and Michael Bennet ( D-CO ) .
Under current law , an employee qualifies for the exemption if their `` primary duty '' consists of :
The application of systems analysis techniques and procedures , including consulting with users to determine hardware , software , or system functional specifications ;
The design , development , documentation , analysis , creation , testing , or modification of computer systems or programs , including prototypes , based on and related to user or system design specifications ;
The design , documentation , testing , creation , or modification of computer programs related to machine operating systems ; or
A combination of the asupervisorstioned duties , the performance of which requires the same level of skills .
In effect , S. 1747 would remove overtime protection and compensation for virtually any worker directly employed in information technology . The bill was referred to the Senate Committee on Health , Education , Labor and Pensions . National Advocates for Employee Rights is working with coalition partners to oppose the legislation . The bill can be found at :
http : //www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/BILLS-112s1747is/pdf/BILLS-112s1747is.pdf .
Here are two countries you do n't hear about too often , Norway and Switzerland . With some predicting that the euro has only months left , the media has been heavily focused on the Eurozone and the European Union 's Fiscal Compact . With all of the attention focused on the European Union and its attempts to salvage the euro , it is worth taking a moment to look at how the European countries that have not joined the European Union and the Eurozone are performing .
Government debt has been one of the major driving forces behind the European crisis . Italy , Greece , and Ireland are suffering the consequences of years of fiscal irresponsibility particularly badly . Italy 's debt stands at 136 % of GDP , while Greek debt stands at almost 179 % of GDP . Irelands national debt is a bit lower at 108 % of GDP . Although government spending was not the primary reason for Spain 's economic woes , government debt is likely to stay well above 70 % of GDP in 2012 .
Unemployment rates amongst the same Eurozone members are shocking . Greece has an unemployment rate of over 20 % , with some parts of the country experiencing rates as high as 60 % . Ireland has an unemployment rate of 14.5 % . Italy has slightly better figures , with an unemployment rate of a little over 10 % . Spain has the most notable unemployment rate , with over 50 % of the young labor force out of work .
Switzerland has an unemployment rate of 3.1 % . Norwegian unemployment is at similar levels with 3 % unemployment . Additionally , government debt in both Switzerland and Norway is about 50 % of GDP ( pretty good by European standards ) . Outside of the EU and the Eurozone Norway and Switzerland have managed to isolate themselves from many of the problems in the rest of Europe .
The Iron Lady warned of the dangers of a single currency and a European Central bank . They rightly pointed out the political motivations behind the project , and how political autonomy would be eroded as a result . The founders of the euro pledged that a single currency would bring prosperity to Europe . The experiment has backfired spectacularly . However , despite the evident danger of close fiscal union the proposed solution from Brussels is to move towards an even closer union , with the banking sector unified under a single set of regulations and legislation . To look at the examples of countries like Norway and Switzerland would be an admission of failure , something anathema to the culture of the European Union .
Golden Dawn New York At The 2014 Independence Parade
Ο Μαίανδρος κυματίζει και στην Νέα Υόρκη : Δυναμική παρουσία της Χρυσής Αυγής στην παρέλαση της 25ης Μαρτίου – Βίντεο , Φωτορεπορτάζ
Despite bad weather , 25 activists from Golden Dawn New York showed up to the world famous Greek independence day parade , commemorating the Hellenic national revolution of 1821 . Our mission was to hand out literature speaking of our humanitarian work , as well as informing people of events going in Greece from the Hellenic point of view . A highlight was when the Evzones ( historical elite light infantry ) walked by and we waved high the flag of the new Hellenic revolution , even as local puppet politicians who think Greek nationalism is criminal yet support Jewish ultra-nationalism tried to ruin the beautiful sight .
The men trekked from Astoria to Manhattan in great spirits . We do n't wear our shirts for shock value or attention , we do it because we are taking a moral stand ! Being in full uniform , the men walked into a local Greek diner beforehand for a bite to eat . Out of nowhere the owner approached us to thank us for our work and inform us our meal ( where more than 20 people ate ) was on the house ! The heart warming gesture is further proof that the Zionist hacks of AHEPA and the Hellenic American Leadership Council are completely out of touch with the views and interests of common Greek-American , and instead exist as a token entity for far more powerful and anti-Greek financial and political interests .
The social-nationalists rode the train to the event , as we are real working class people , unlike the rich Leftists who claim to speak for us . It is true that New York is a multicultural city , and some choose to criticize our chapter for that , yet none of these hypocrites ever dare to criticize the alphabet soup of Jewish lobbies that support the racial supremacist state of Israel . If Jews of New York are allowed to raise billions and influence politics in the overt violent interests of Zionism , why is it hateful if Western people collect food and donations for the poor in our home countries ? We are a movement of love for what is behind us , not hate for what is in front of us , and living in a multicultural city does not give the globalists a right to eradicate the Hellenic people from the face of the earth with unchecked immigration .
The reception from the crowd was great . Individuals would randomly approach us to thank us for our work both here and in Greece , and to encourage us to keep up the struggle . The Greek community of America , other than those unelected individuals that speak on its behalf to an eager and hostile mainstream media , has actively rejected the neo-liberal Samaras and the phony opposition on the Left . Out of the entire crowd , only 2 older women , affiliated with the dirty local plutocracy and Zionist organizations like AHEPA were acting rude . We only have one thing to say to those few that seek to attack us : you give comments , we actively help our people . Our very existence and the open support from the community has Samaras and their agents in New York very frustrated
Overall this was a highly successful event . We will continue breaking barriers and defying few at the top in our mission to save our race and culture . For a free and Hellenic Greece , for a Europe of the Nations !
News
Game Theory 's Supercalifragile is now available at Bandcamp .
Omnivore Recordings followed its releases of Blaze of Glory , Dead Center , Real Nighttime , Lolita Nation and The Big Shot Chronicles with Two Steps From the Middle Ages ( June 9 , 2017 ) . The album is available on translucent orange vinyl as well as on CD . This reissue contains the original 13 songs supplemented with a whopping 11 bonus tracks—demos , live performances and covers—all previously unissued . Packaging includes rare and previously unseen photos from the band 's photographer , Robert Toren , as well as essays from producer Mitch Easter , Ken Stringfellow ( The Posies , Big Star ) , and Franklin Bruno ( The Village Voice , Salon.com ) . This reissue is lovingly dedicated to Gil Ray , who was involved in all aspects with the Game Theory reissue series , including this title .
Gil Ray
1956-2017
To know Gil Ray was to love Gil Ray . They were warm , kind , and also hysterically funny—a real Southern gentleman . And , of course , they lent their incredible drumming skills to the Loud Family , Game Theory ( which they joined in 1985 ) , and several other bands , including Rain Parade , the Happy Eggs and Fade to Black . They also released a solo CD in 2006 , I Am Atomic Man ! Gil passed away on January 24 , 2017 after a long struggle with cancer , which they documented on their blog , pobuck.blogspot.com .
Do n't All Thank Me At Once : The Lost Pop Genius of Scott Miller , by Brett Milano , is now available from 125 Records ( which also brought you Music : What Happened ? ) . Included in this biography are revealing interviews with nearly every member of their bands , and renowned collaborators like producer Mitch Easter , Posies member Ken Stringfellow and songwriter Aimee Mann . Though their story took a tragic turn , this book celebrates a fascinating body of work and the complex individual who created it .
Holly George-Warren , author of A Man Called Destruction : The Life and Music of Alex Chilton , wrote : `` Brett Milano 's finely tuned exploration of Game Theory founder Scott Miller 's life and work sheds light on the late singer-songwriter 's literate pop rock and sadly underappreciated talent . As Aimee Mann once said of Miller 's combo the Loud Family , ' I was truly shocked that band did n't get more attention . ' Milano also delves into the vagaries of the '80s and '90s record business and college-rock scene . ''
Purchase the Kindle version or the trade paperback from Amazon.com
Purchase the EPUB version from Kobo - iTunes Store - Smashwords
Special order the paperback through your favorite indie retailer : IndieBound
Scott Warren Miller
1960-2013
I wish it were n't true , but as much as it pains me to write these words , Scott passed away on April 15 , 2013 . They were a wonderful , loyal friend as well as a brilliant musician , and I will miss them for the rest of my life .
Scott had been planning to start recording a new Game Theory album , Supercalifragile , this summer , and was looking forward to getting back into the studio and reuniting with some of their former collaborators .
If listening to Scott 's own music is too painful for you right now , as it is for me , I can tell you that they absolutely loved David Bowie 's new album , The Next Day . They found Bowie 's late-career resurgence to be hugely inspirational . I 'm sure that if there had been a 2013 chapter of Music : What Happened ? , one of the songs from that album would have been right at the top .
( Photo at right by Robert Toren )
—Sue Trowbridge , LoudFamily.com webmaster , 1995-present
A scholarship fund has been established for Scott 's daughters . Please click here if you would like to donate to it : Scott Miller Family Memorial Fund
Now Available : The Third Edition !
Featuring the brand new 2011 chapter !
If you already purchased the first edition , click here to download a PDF version of the 2010 chapter , and click here to download a PDF version of the 2011 chapter . Order the book from 125 Records .
Scott Miller has released more than a dozen albums with their bands Game Theory and the Loud Family , and their music has been described as `` a cross between Alex Chilton , James Joyce , and the Electric Prunes '' ( Stereo Review ) and `` smart , funny , and instantly memorable '' ( Rolling Stone ) . In Music : What Happened ? , Miller writes about each of the past 55 years in popular music—1957-2011—via countdown song lists , blending the perspectives of a serious musician , a thoughtful critic , and an all-devouring music fan . Miller not only tells you why they love particular songs , but also what was going on in the musical world in which they competed to be heard .
The book is based on the series created for this web site , but Scott re-examined and rewrote much of the text ; in addition , it 's all been edited and fact-checked ( though we still anticipate the odd error might sneak through , and if you find one , you 're welcome to send in a correction—we 'll fix it in the next printing ) . The book also contains bonus chapters ( 2007-2011 ) that did not appear online , as well as a foreword and an interview with Scott by their longtime friend and fan Bob Lloyd .
Order the book from 125 Records , or download the Kindle edition or the Barnes & Noble Nook Book now . It is also available from Google Books .
Do n't miss this interview with Scott by Matthew Perpetua at Fluxblog.org , and this one from Middlemojo.com . And here 's one from Rocker .
Acclaim for Music : What Happened ?
Four stars from Rolling Stone Magazine ! `` Scott Miller was the cerebral indie-pop auteur behind the band Game Theory , whose classic 1987 album Lolita Nation is a head-spinning classic . But they put a lifetime of musical smarts into this book . The premise is simple : Miller breaks down songs from every year since 1957 , more than 1,000 in all . But their insights are dazzling . It 's rare to see anybody say something new about Dark Side of the Moon , which they blame for crummy-sounding records that followed : 'The managed jazz influence ... and sequencer bloops had nations erroneously reasoning , `` Who needs big , fat-sounding anything ? '' ' When they dig into details that make a song work , he 'll make you want to hear 'Hey , Jude ' right now—and make you feel like you 're hearing it for the first time . ''
—Rob Sheffield in the April 14 , 2011 , issue of Rolling Stone
`` Miller 's writing demonstrates a level of skill , intelligence , sensitivity , and wit that I 'm nearly jealous of , they pull it off so well ... Music : What Happened ? is an inspiration to dig that much deeper into my own collection with relish and to seek out some new favorites with a fresh perspective . ''
—Jon Kanis , Ugly Things Magazine
`` Not only does Miller totally acquit themselves as a rock critic , he 's produced one of the most interesting compendiums of music journalism since Robert Christgau 's Rock Music of the ‘ 70s ... Miller has a great writing style—very alive , specific and entertaining . ''
—Jordan Oakes , Stlmag.com
`` You 're thinking : it 's not every day that someone writes about music on the internet , especially to pick favorite pop music ; we can all thank Scott for finally troweling that wide cultural gap . But really—this is a new and lively style of music writing that you just keep wanting to read more of . ''
—Aimee Mann
`` In capsule reviews of half-forgotten pop records , Scott Miller manages actual humor ( a first in music criticism ) and major insights that may change the way you think about , for example , 1967 . Almost a new art form . ''
—Stephin Merritt
`` The way they describe the songs they love—some very indie , some anything but—is tremendously suggestive . If only they or some acolyte could spin a worldview around those observations we might really have something to go on . ''
—Robert Christgau , Dean of American Rock Critics
`` Scott Miller 's the wizard behind some of pop 's most beguiling melodies ( and he 's no slouch in the lyrics department , either ) . Who better to be your guide on a curated tour of the rock era 's top recordings , a genre-hopping jaunt through the big hits and lost gems , each placed in its own contextual niche by the thoughtful , funny , enthused Miller . Skim it to see what they say about your fave raves , or delve deeper to discover the unknown sonic pleasures that await you . A must for the dedicated music fiend . ''
—Kim Cooper , Scram Magazine editrix and author of Neutral Milk Hotel 's 'In The Aeroplane Over The Sea ' ( 33 1/3 Series )
`` Whether they admit it or not , all great songwriters tend to keep an eye on the competition . So it should come as little surprise—especially to anyone familiar with the often-intertextual brilliance of the music he 's made with Game Theory and The Loud Family—that Scott Miller 's book about other people 's songs overflows with the same insight and linguistic firepower that animates their own compositions . Music : What Happened ? is their custom-built canon—more than a thousand songs ; 20 favorites for each year from 1957 to 2009—and it distills a lifetime of obsessing about music into an endlessly quotable and re-readable listener 's guide . There are bite-sized epiphanies on every page—about lyrics , about sound , about how music finds its way into our lives , about what we do after it arrives . It 's an exhilarating read , highly recommended to music geeks ( and wannabe music geeks ) of all ages . ''
—Andy Zax , music producer and former `` Beat the Geeks '' co-star
All content © The Loud Family / Scott Miller .
Web site : interbridge . Photos of Scott : Kristine Chambers Miller . Book design & layout : Betsy Lescosky .
White nationalism at the core of Amerikkka . What does it mean to be anti-fascist in that context ? When the whole existence of the nation is based on genocide and land grab ( which contrary to popular belief is ongoing ) .
`` Fascism '' is a word that people do n't often think much about .
Historically , `` fascism '' looks more like an anti-European ideology than anything else . Fascists in Spain were air-lifting Muslim Moroccans to kill Republican Spaniards in the Spanish Civil War . Fascist Germany wanted to turn Slavs into their own personal Euro-slaves .
Why did the White Nation decide to attack Germany at all ? Why do people in the White Nation today still react with horror to the Nazis ? It is n't because they said racist things ( the White Nation does n't care about that ) . It 's because they Othered other Europeans !
`` Fascism '' represents a sort of break down in the ideological system of the 'Right . ' The capitalist class are liberals that do n't care about anything but themselves , but they are willing to herd around morons with any line that they think will work . `` Fascism '' is what happens when the stupid 'Right ' figures out they are being played for fools .
And yes , many people in the White Nation are waking up to the fact that their own capitalists hate and despise them . Trump is n't a racist White Nationalist crazy man . They are a liberal , a liberal that understands what the masses of the White Nation want to hear , and was willing to say it to catapult themselves into power .
It 's really only a matter of time before the masses of the White Nation figure out that `` America '' is n't really AmeriKKKa , no matter how much some 'Leftists ' want to believe it . `` America '' is a multi-cultural liberal Empire , that is ideologically committed to Zionism and homonationalism . If `` America '' was AmeriKKKa , there never would have been a Civil Rights movement . There would be no question of importing cheap immigrant labor .
If the 'working class ' of the White Nation seized control of the government tomorrow , they would completely rewrite the Constitution , move millions of New Afrikans back to the Southeast by force , and send millions of other immigrants out of the country . White 'workers ' do not control the government , and they are beginning to realize the implications of that .
I suggest that people should recall Sakai 's discussion of tactical versus strategic alliances . It certainly appears to be the case that tactical alliances at this historical juncture could be made with this segment of the population , so long as they are willing to fight with the government . Whatever forces on the entire planet that can be mobilized for combat against the US government should be supported . Things are heading in the direction that it will soon be possible to get pockets of this population on board with warfare with the US government , and to try to alienate them now is to basically act as a tool for US imperialism .
Following Assemblyman John Wisniewski 's announcement that they support U.S. Representative Donald Norcross ( D-NJ ) despite their common cause with challenger Alex Law in supporting independent Bernie Sanders for president , Law says they are disappointed in the progressive Democrat 's decision . Law is running an upstart grassroots campaign in New Jersey 's first congressional district , in the heart of George Norcross III 's sphere of political influence .
“ It is unfortunate that Assemblyman and Bernie Sanders NJ Chair John Wisniewski decided to endorse Mr. Norcross . Assemblyman Wisniewski is someone with a sterling record of supporting progressive ideals , so it struck me as unusual that they would endorse a Congressman with the most conservative voting record in the entire New Jersey Democratic Delegation over a progressive challenger that is leading the Bernie Sanders effort in South Jersey . Assemblyman Wisniewski does have their legislative agenda in Trenton to consider , and upsetting the Norcross Machine undoubtedly would have led to a slow down in their ability to pass legislation . But , as a progressive leader and the chair of Bernie 's efforts in this state , I expected them to show their appreciation for their values . And , as President Kennedy said , ‘ We must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words but to live by them . '
“ Despite their decision in this matter , we are both committed to working towards seeing a President Bernie Sanders . In this , I look forward to working with Assemblyman Wisniewski as we make sure New Jersey can # feelthebern . ”
The Latest Interview about Monster Hunter : World
* Monster Hunter : World has been in development for four years .
* Originally , it was going to be called `` Monster Hunter 5 '' , but the development team really liked the name , `` World '' ( Japanese ワールド ) .
* The Base Camp spawns in random places . Each time a hunt starts , hunters will be at a different Base Camp .
* Hunters can change weapons and armor midhunt by going to the Base Camp .
* * This feature was added due to there usually being multiple large monsters in an area and from each having a different strength or weakness .
* Hunters can now hunt freely without being held back by the main objective/quest , even if the quest is complete . Hunters can hunt freely without any limits now .
* Hunters use Scout Flies as guides to help them navigate the area if they ca n't find the monster and to find certain items , including drool and footprints .
* The monsters can easily change the environment you are fighting in with certain attacks and destroying certain objects .
* Each large monster in a location has a territory in a certain part of the area . In some cases , hunters may need to lure another threat into their territory in order to get their target to reveal itself .
* By hiding from monsters , hunters can avoid fighting them or prepare for a silent escape from the battle .
* Capcom thought about giving the monsters health bars due to a majority of people . Globally , fans requested for a way to see how much damage they were dealing , so Capcom decided to add damage numbers to the game .
* The Quest Giver was fully voiced in English , and they sent the hunter on a quest to hunt an Anjanath , the T-rex-like monster shown in the reveal .
* Hunters can quickly pick up resources as they run by , meaning you do n't have to stop and wait for foraging animations .
Reply · Report Post
Tax exemptions claimed by some religious organizations raising questions 12 News Colleen Henry reveals the cost to taxpayers . Share Copy Link Copy
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT NOW , A 12 NEWS INVESTIGATION EXPOSES TAX EXEMPTIONS CLAIMED BY SOME RELIGIOUS ORGANIZATONS THAT RAISE QUESTIONS OF GOOD FAITH . COLLEEN HENRY REVEALS THE COST TO TAXPAYERS . 11:53:41 WELCOME TO MY ABODE 43 FOR FOUR MONTHS , They WROTE RENT CHECKS TO A WOMAN They KNEW AS A CO-WORKER ... THAT 'S FOR ONE MONTH , TWO MONTHS,13 They ASKED US NOT TO IDENTIFY HIM - SINCE THE ARRANGEMENT ENDED IN AN UGLY EVICTION ... THAT 'S WHEN They LOOKED UP THE PROPERTY RECORDS ... AND WAS STUNNED TO LEARN WHO REALLY OWNED Their DUPLEX . THIS IS NOT RIGHT , THE PROPERTY OWNER OF ASSESSMENT RECORD , CALVARY HILL TEMPLE APOSTOLIC FAITH CHURCH INC CALVARY HILL TEMPLE APOSTOLIC FAITH RENTS SPACE FROM ANOTHER CHURCH IN BROWN DEER . IT GOT TAX EXEMPT STATUS FOR THIS HOUSE FROM THE CITY OF MILWAUKEE . THAT MEANS IT PAYS NO PROPERTY TAXES . 12:58:23 COLLEEN : YOU DO N'T PAY PROPERTY TAX ON THIS ? PASTOR : BECAUSE I LIVE HERE 27 12 NEWS FOUND Their CO- WORKER AT HOME IN THE LOWER LEVEL OF THE DUPLEX . JEANETTA PARKER-PERRY DRIVES FOR THE SAME BUS COMPANY AS Them TENANT , BUT SHE 'S ALSO THE PASTOR AT CALVARY HILL TEMPLE APOSTOLIC FAITH CHURCH . They TOLD US They RENTED THE UPPER TO BE CHARITABLE . They Are LIVING IN A HOTEL .... THE MONEY GOES TO THE CHURCH .... STATE LAW DOES ALLOW CHURCHES TO AVOID PROPERTY TAXES ON THE HOMES WHERE THEIR PASTORS AND MINISTERS LIVE . 12:59:08 COLLEEN : IF YOU RENT THIS PLACE OUT , YOU HAVE TO PAY PROPERTY TAXES ON THE RENTED PORTION 12 PASTOR : THAT COMES IN MARCH , WHEN I GO BACK DOWN IN MARCH , I 'LL LET THEM KNOW 18 12:32:49 HI WE 'RE FROM CHANNEL 12 ... WE 'RE LOOKING FOR WORD OF FAITH MINISTRIES . 52 THE CHURCH NEXT DOOR 54 12 NEWS FOUND ANOTHER CHURCH-OWNED TAX-EXEMPT PROPERTY , RENTED OUT . 12:34:55 THIS HOUSE IS STILL OWNED BY THE CHURCH ? UMHMM 12 NEWS FOUND THE RENTER 'S DAUGHTER AT HOME . 12:35:02 They Do N'T WORK FOR THE CHURCH ? NO ... SHE JUST PAYS RENT TO THE CHURCH - TO THE PASTOR HIMSELF 08 They Say THE RENT IS $ 700 . 12:46:16 HI ARE YOU PASTOR WALKER , YES . 17 12 NEWS FOUND THE PASTOR AT Their CHURCH NEXT DOOR . 12:46:22 I UNDERSTAND YOU 'RE RENTING THAT HOUSE . 25 THE PASTOR SHOWED 12 NEWS Their TAX EXEMPT APPLICATION ... AND OFFERED AN EXPLANATION THE CITY SAYS IS WRONG . 12:48:44 SO LONG AS WE USE PART OF THE INCOME FOR REHAB OF THE PROPERTY .. THEN IT 'S NOT TAXABLE 51 9:46:54 IT DOES N'T MATTER HOW YOU USE THE RENT , THE FACT IS IT 'S NOT BEING USED FOR AN EXEMPT PURPOSE 58 STAND UP MILWAUKEE 'S ASSESSOR SAYS CHURCHES DO N'T HAVE TO PAY TAXES ON HOMES WHERE THEIR ORDAINED MINISTERS LIVE ... OR WHERE THEY DO OUTREACH . BUT THEY CA N'T COLLECT RENT IF THEY 'RE TAKING THE TAX BREAK ... THOUGH THERE IS NO ONE IN CHARGE OF POLICING THEM . 9:47:48 SO THIS IS BASICALLY THE HONOR SYSTEM ? WELL IT 'S A LITTLE BIT OF THE HONOR SYSTEM I GUESS 54 9:47:57 WE DO FIND OUT , WE HAVE APPRAISERS OUT IN THE FIELD AND THEY NOTICE THINGS WE CHECK OUT , WE HAVE PEOPLE WHO CALL IN AND ASK ABOUT CERTAIN EXEMPTIONS AND WE 'LL CHECK THOSE OUT 08 REAVEY SAY EVERY TAX DOLLAR LOST TO THE RELIGIOUS EXEMPTION IS AN EXTRA DOLLAR PAID BY TAXPAYERS ... AND THE COST IS STUNNING ... FULLY 25 % OF MILWAUKEE 'S ASSESSED PROPERTY FALLS UNDER THE RELIGIOUS EXEMPTION - INCLUDING NEARLY 100 MISCELLANEOUS TAX-EXEMPT RELIGIOUS PROPERTIES ACROSS MILWAUKEE . 9:38:58 WE HAVE AT LEAST $ 5.5 BILLION IN NON-GOVERNMENTAL EXEMPTIONS 01 THAT INCLUDES NON PROFITS , CHURCHES , AND RELIGIOUSLY- AFFILIATED HOSPITALS . They Believe MOST CHURCHES FOLLOW THE RULES . MARY REAVEY - 9:49:36 I DO N'T THINK THERE 'S A LOT , BUT ARE THERE A FEW EXAMPLES , I WOULD SAY IT PROBABLY IS SIMILAR TO SOMEONE WHO HAS A BASEMENT REC ROOM THEY HAVE N'T TAKEN A PERMIT OUT FOR 47 9:49:02 IT 'S THE PRINCIPAL OF THE THING,04 IF YOU 'RE NOT EXEMPT , THEN YOU SHOULD BE PAYING YOUR FAIR SHARE LIKE EVERYBODY ELSE 08
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Canton , Ohio—The Donald Trump who strode onto the stage here at the Canton Memorial Civic Center last night was a Trump this reporter had n't seen before . The Rolling Stones provided the usual tough-love soundtrack— “ You Ca n't Always Get What You Want , ” followed by “ Time Is on My Side. ” And Trump ad-libbed a two-fer denigration of President Obama and Secretary Clinton : “ Why is n't they working—instead of campaigning for crooked Hillary ? ” Ad Policy
For the most part , though , the Republican nominee stuck to their teleprompter—and to a script that , thanks to the opening gifted them by Clinton 's condemnation of their supporters as a “ basket of deplorables , ” clung , awkwardly but mostly effectively , to the high ground . “ Hillary Clinton calls people who are n't supporting them deplorable and irredeemable . I call people who are n't supporting me American citizens—who are entitled to the same respect as anyone else—and I will not stop campaigning for every last American vote , in every last American community , right up until November 8th . ”
Sounding at times like the love child of Bill Clinton and Ben Grimm , Trump told the overwhelmingly white crowd—out of 6,000 people I was able to count African-Americans on one hand—that “ nowhere has the pain been worse than in our inner cities. ” Casting Clinton as an elitist divider— “ the candidate of an arrogant ruling class in Washington ” —Trump auditioned for the role of unifier : “ I 'm running to be the president of all Americans , to represent all Americans , and to liberate our poorest citizens from crime and poverty and violence . ”
Was it credible ? No more than their claim to have “ put states in play that no Republican has ever come close to winning. ” Massachusetts ? The District of Columbia ? Or has Trump consigned Nixon 's 1972 landslide to the memory hole ?
There are few pursuits in politics as pointless as fact-checking Donald Trump . They lie so often , and so casually—as in last night 's claim that “ vets are treated worse than illegal immigrants ” or that Clinton “ wants to increase refugees by 550 percent ” ( she 's actually just proposed increasing the number of refugees from Syria admitted to the US from 10,000 to 50,000 , without saying anything about overall immigration ) —that trying to hold them to the specifics on any proposal is a fool 's errand .
But last night , responding to Ford 's announcement yesterday morning that it would move all small-car production to Mexico , Trump also returned to a very specific proposal he 'd floated during the primary campaign : a 35 percent tariff on all vehicles imported for sale in the United States .
Which is as good a time as any to point out the terms of Trump 's bargain with the Republican establishment , who presumably are not looking forward to paying more for their Range Rovers , Porsches , BMWs and Mercedes S class rides . Or , for that matter , sharing power with the pissed-off working men and women I saw wearing “ Deplorables for Trump ” T-shirts . And who are even more uncomfortable sharing a basket—or anything else—with the likes of David Duke or the over-the-hill Hitler youth on Stormfront . Yet they tolerate it all—the lies , the bullying , the crude misogyny , the attacks on a federal judge , the casual invocation of violent insurrection—not because of any deep policy differences with Hillary Clinton but precisely because they are , as Trump repeatedly pointed out during the primary debates , the corrupt tools of lobbyists and special interests who see no other way to hold on to their own privilege and power . The Republican establishment does n't trust Trump . But they need him , and are in the process of supplying the efficient field organization he 's never shown any interest in building . Ready to Fight Back ? Sign Up For Take Action Now
Aside from a chance to hold on to power—no small consideration in a state where the GOP currently has a lock on the executive branch , as well as super-majorities in both houses of the legislature—what they may get in return is more of the kinder , gentler Trump we saw here last night .
The charge of racism , in particular , seems to hurt respectable white people 's feelings . And so Trump went to Flint—eight months after Hillary Clinton made the water crisis there a national issue , and seven months after Clinton themselves visited the city . Trump 's anodyne comment that Flint 's malign neglect “ demonstrates failure at every single level of government ” was n't designed to prompt any action—much less to discomfort the state 's Republican governor , Rick Snyder , whose political appointee hooked the city up to the tainted water .
Instead , Trump 's visit—and much of their speech last night—was merely an extended exercise in virtue signaling aimed at reassuring Republican women and working-class whites that , as Omarosa Manigault , the Apprentice veteran who now serves as “ senior advisor for African-American outreach , ” told the crowd , “ my boss may not be politically correct , ” but they are not a racist .
For months Trump and their followers have wanted to define their campaign as a culture war against overweening elites . Thanks to Clinton 's disparaging remarks , that effort has suddenly acquired a patina of plausibility . “ Are n't you sick and tired , ” Manigault asked the crowd last night , “ of these elites telling you what to do ? What to say ? What to think ? ” The Canton audience gave them the same resounding applause the folks in Cleveland gave to every African-American speaker at the Republican National Convention . Almost as if they were trying to prove something .
There is something deeply disturbing about the racial politics of the Trump rallies I 've attended , with their at times belligerent white crowds entering through a gauntlet of overwhelmingly African-American sellers of Trump hats , T-shirts , and buttons . “ Trump that bitch ! ” cried one vendor last night , while another man hawked “ Hillary Sucks , But Not Like Monica ” to the delight of the teen-age boys in attendance . This was clearly a buyers market , but to put Trump 's appeal down to overt racism is to miss their genius for identifying precisely the line between unvoiced racial resentment and open bigotry . Defusing the tangle of race and class beneath Trumpism would take a national teach-in covering not just the history of slavery and segregation , but also the reality of class stratification , economic exploitation , and the way both race and gender operate to reinforce and police those relationships . And that is n't going to happen—certainly not before November 8 .
Which means that Trump 's opponents are going to have to offer Ohio 's voters something to vote for , rather than merely someone to vote against . Talking to people , rather than down at them , might be a good place to start .
Tyson Fury ( right ) has apparently quit boxing ( Picture : Getty Images )
Tyson Fury 's trainer and uncle has denied the boxer has retired from the sport and their promoter have confirmed talks have started for a possible fight with Deontay Wilder .
MORE : Haye reveals retirement plan
The 25-year-old Mancunian made the announcement on Twitter just days after David Haye , who was due to fight Fury in February , announced their own plan to retire following serious shoulder surgery .
In their tweet , Fury simply stated : ‘ Hi every1 I have officially retired from boxing . There 's to many bent people in the sport . They will have to f * * * some1 else . Good by boxin . '
Fury also appeared to allude to their decision to quit by changing their Twitter bio to ‘ ex boxer ' and their byline to ‘ Tyson avoided Fury ' .
However , Peter Fury took to Twitter to put the story to bed and said their nephew would be back in the ring soon .
Tyson will fight & win world titles but this time with real Fights ! ! That 's what they mean . — peter fury . ( @ peterfury ) November 20 , 2013
Fury was clearly enraged by Haye announcement and took to Twitter on Sunday to criticise their fellow Briton . Mick Hennessy , Fury 's promoter , said the boxer was shocked at the way things panned out with Haye but they are hoping a fight with Wilder can be arranged .
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘ We have had talks with Wilder 's people and we are in discussions at the moment but obviously there are a lot of pieces of the jigsaw we need to fit together , ' Hennessy said .
‘ We are looking at a number of different options but one thing we do know is that Tyson is one of the biggest draws in world boxing at the moment and as soon as they are ready we will look to get them back in the ring . '
No matter how much one attempts to enjoy a work of cinematic science fiction , one can not help but feel robbed . This is what the makers of ‘ Oblivion ' have done . They promised something fantastic , poured $ 120,000,000 into an intriguing concept , so intriguing that even with a marketing campaign featuring Tom Cruise looking bored ,
I still felt compelled to watch this thing .
What went wrong , I asked myself walking out of the theatre . I should have enjoyed this . On a basic level I did , somewhat . But what spoilt it for me , a hungry consumer of all things sci fi ?
SPOILERS AHEAD
Like a drone technician my mind went back and investigated the faults in the film , and found them . Here is a fix list on what I feel went wrong in what could have been a masterpiece .
One . Ditch the opening intro and voice over and work the backstory into the first act of the film , instead of bashing the audience with the ‘ you 're too stupid to understand anything ' stick .
Two . 2017 ? Humanity , fends off an alien invasion , sends out astronauts to Titan ( complete with hibernation technology ) , builds a massive tetrahedral space station , and is attempting the colonisation of Titan .
In 2017 we wo n't be going the the moon let alone travelling to Titan on a ship with the design and capabilities such as the ‘ Odyssey ' .
Winning a war against interstellar colonists would have been a little more plausible if ‘ how we beat them ‘ was actually explained . Though ‘ we beat them ' in countless of other films , this film needs this at the beginning more desperately than “ Independence Day ” , “ Battleship ” or “ War of the Worlds ” . Having Jack Harper state “ We won the war ” two times does n't help at all . It only emphasizes how the plot will unfold . The minute I hear Tech 49 say it the second time I ‘ m saying “ Oh yeah , we lost the war. ” which kinda spoils it .
If the world was obliterated , say some time between , 2017 and 2077 , how would humanity construct this Tet , build the The Bubble Ship , drones , hydrorigs and the work tower thousands of feet above the Earth . Where is the infrastructure , the factories and the people ? In the Tet ? When did they build it ? 2018 ? 2020 ? 2040 ?
Having these questions floating around detracted me from enjoying the film , preventing me from suspending belief and going along for the ride . Simple fix . A solution that would not have affected the budget one dollar . Set the damn thing a hundred years in the future . Having the film play out between 2117 to 2177 makes better sense . This way one could sit through this movie and easily accept all this technological advancements by humanity . Even winning a war against alien conquistadors .
Three . Titan ? Why ? Titan 's surface temperature is about −179 °C . It has a surface gravity of 0.14 g , slightly less than that of the Moon , and it 's atmosphere contains hydrogen cyanide . This is terraforming technology suited to the twenty second or ( more likely twenty third century . Did they steal this technology from the aliens ? Then say so , if the filmmaker wants Jack Harper and Victoria ( ie . the audience . ) to believe this scenario . Say something . Anything . Why Titan damns it ?
Four . Morgan Freeman . OK , the guy , ( and the voice ) is awesome . But when you are already struggling with suspending your belief , the last thing you want to say is , “ it 's Morgan Freeman . He 's an actor . This is a Hollywood movie . ”
Having some unknown , charismatic , actor do the trick would have worked far more convincingly . If they absolutely , positively had to have Mr. Freeman in the picture , then have their character be a familiar face to the protagonist . Have them be a crew member of the “ Odyssey ” . Someone familiar to Jack Harper , and the audience . It softens the “ It 's Morgan Freeman ” blow .
The ‘ Odyssey ' plot point seemed a confusing mess . The scavs blew the spaceship out of orbit to place Jack Harper on the trajectory towards the truth . Ahhh , very forced and unnatural . In 2017 , The NASA spacecraft was near Titan when it was ordered ( communicated live from mission control , with , Jesus Christ no delay whatsoever ) to intercept the Tet . Yet , they 'll painstakingly emulate the lack of gravity in the spacecraft . Go figure . Jack ‘ the astronaut ' ejects the module containing the sleeping capsules to orbit Earth , 1.67 billion km away . How the hell did this happen ?
If it were 2117 and Malcolm Beech ( Freeman ) were an astronaut on board the ‘ Odyssey ' who guided the ship back to earth , then it would make greater sense , since the Tet aliens somehow failed to notice and destroy the ‘ Odyssey ' .
Five . The Scavs . They want to prove to Jack that they are human yet they disguise themselves as Aliens . Makes no sense . Have astronaut Malcolm Beech arrive on the scene and come up with the plan to stop hiding under the stealth ware and re-educate one of the feared Jack Harpers . This would fix this problem .
Six . The Hydrorigs . Mining water ? It would be easier to mine the Oort cloud . Delete this crap . Just have drones hunting life . Have big floating drone bases that need to be protected . Hunting life safe guards mining operations in the Oort cloud . It still would be feasible for the aliens to take such precautions .
Seven . Clones ? Why clones . Without an answer to that one the film has no… , logic . Sure it 's nice ( and creepy ) to have such a mystery , but having a character say the magic words , “ Why clones ” , and throw around a few theories would suffice . It would work wonders . Simple stuff . Ask “ Why clones ? ” and you engage the audience . Not addressing the elephant in the cinema left me confused , trying to work it all out , and missing half the movie .
Eight . What about all the other Technicians ? There must be at least 51 of them . A hundred . Instead of wasting time and money on dodgy looking , clichéd canyon battles between drones and the Bubble Ship , spend more time with the Technicians . Not all would have evolved the same personalities . Have some turn out bad , vindictive , or psychotic . Addressing the fate of all the remaining Jacks ' and Victoria 's , even noting the fact that they existed , would have strengthened the ending .
It 's a damn shame . This could of been a revered film much like 2001 : A SPACE ODYSSEY . All it takes is a few fixes . What is mind numbing is the fact that budget or marketing did n't seem to have mattered . The film was going to make money no matter what . The concept is that good .
( James Saft is a Reuters columnist . The opinions expressed are their own . Paragraph 5 contains language some readers may find offensive . )
By James Saft
Aug 7 ( Reuters ) - As if we needed more proof , Standard Chartered has demonstrated again the folly of investing in our largest banks .
London-based bank Standard Chartered on Monday was accused by New York regulators of hiding 60,000 transactions with Iran , totaling at least $ 250 billion , an offense which puts them in danger of losing their New York license and ability to clear funds through the U.S .
Really at this point investing in the biggest banks is like burying land mines in your own front yard while blindfolded .
When a senior New York banker warned their higher-ups of potentially “ catastrophic reputational damage , ” according to the state regulators report , the riposte from London was stunning :
`` You f -- -ing Americans . Who are you to tell us , the rest of the world , that we 're not going to deal with Iranians. ” here
Standard Chartered said it was “ conducting a review ” and “ discussing ” matters with U.S. authorities . Its shares fell 6.0 percent in after hours London trading and doubtless will carry on falling on Tuesday .
“ In short , Standard Chartered Bank operated as a rogue institution , ” Benjamin Lawsky , superintendent of New York 's department of financial services , said .
And while Standard Chartered reaped hundreds of millions of dollars in fees from the transactions , according to the complaint , much of which will have walked out the door in compensation tied to revenue targets , the potential damage is enormous . A global bank which can not operate in New York and has had its clearing privileges in the U.S. suspended , as New York is threatening , is no longer a global bank .
While these are allegations , and may not result in any penalty , we once again have an apparent example of bad behavior , excessive risk taking and poor controls within a bank . This appears , frankly , to be endemic within the industry , and to be more highly distributed at the larger institutions .
When all is revealed , my guess is that this will prove to have been driven by poor compensation practices , and made possible by complexity within the bank . Compensation is at the root because it provides the motivation for risk taking . Because doing banking with Iranian institutions is not allowed , that business , like the drugs business , produces terribly high margins . Those within a bank making the decisions benefit disproportionately from the money as it flows , and unless they face personal criminal charges or compensation clawbacks , they do not share equally in the risks .
Complexity is key because complex products are easy to manipulate to favor insiders , and because they are hard to manage . While the services Standard Chartered is alleged to have provided were not complex , the size of the bank makes it all but impossible for even well-meaning top executives to control . That said , the complaint alleges that the highest levels of Standard Chartered management was aware of deliberate record falsification .
WHO IS N'T INVOLVED ?
Three weeks ago , in the wake of the Barclays LIBOR affair and JP Morgan 's trading fiasco , I wrote a column essentially arguing that the largest banks were too big and too risky to be managed in investors ' bests interests .
JP Morgan 's woes , while not large in scale , clearly demonstrate the near-impossibility of managing an operation of its kind , as well as once again showing that traders will do stupid things to earn bonus money . Barclays has a similar lesson , though the ethics of manipulating LIBOR rates were far worse .
Amazingly , in just these three weeks both Standard Chartered and HSBC have been accused of grave , and expensive , violations . HSBC has been accused , by Mexican regulators and a U.S. Senate committee , of laundering money for drug dealers . HSBC has set aside $ 700 million to help cover fines , settlements and other expenses in relation to the enquiry . Oh , and HSBC reserved another $ 1.3 billion to cover the costs of a mis-selling scandal involving payment protection plans . Oh yes , and a Senate panel in July found HSBC was used by Iranians attempting to evade sanctions .
The picture this all paints is of a section of an industry which is out of control , and which abuses all of its major stakeholders , save employees . Shareholders have seen terrible returns , consumers suffer from overly complex products and the countries which provide the largest banks with their financial safety net see their laws flouted .
Ending too big to fail would help ; it would cut the banks down to a more manageable size . So too would compensation reform , including making very long-term compensation and claw backs a standard feature of senior contracts . Finally , forcing publicly insured banks out of the investment banking business will remove an unfair subsidy , and simplify the regulation of those institutions which must have public insurance .
That will take a long time ; until then shareholders ought to leave what is obviously an abusive relationship .
( At the time of publication James Saft did not own any direct investments in securities mentioned in this article . They may be an owner indirectly as an investor in a fund . You can email them at jamessaft @ jamessaft.com and find more columns atblogs.reuters.com/james-saft )
( James Saft )
( ( jamessaft @ jamessaft.com ) ) Keywords : COLUMN SAFT/
12 Directed by Lawrence Bridges Produced by Lawrence Bridges Written by Lawrence Bridges Starring Alison Elliott , Tony Griffin and Allen Lulu Edited by Lawrence Bridges Release date 2003 ( )
Running time 124 minutes
12 is an independent feature film written , directed , edited and produced over the course of 10 years by filmmaker Lawrence Bridges . Considered the longest continuous production in film 's history , 12 is also the first film to use the aging of its actors as a practical effect . The film received acclaim from such notable publications as Variety , [ 1 ] Shoot , [ 2 ] and The Los Angeles Times , [ 3 ] while playing at over 15 festivals worldwide .
Synopsis [ edit ]
The film is a postmodern spoof that tells the story of Zeus ' modern day illegitimate children , Filmore ( Tony Griffin ) and their half-sister Marie-Noel ( Alison Elliott ) , who are forced to move from their Channel Island ranch because their neighbors have grown suspicious of the fact they have n't aged for decades . Meanwhile , the U.S. government wants to turn their land into a national park . When the twelve Greek Gods return to Los Angeles for relaxation Zeus expects them to correctly identify the play fated and modeled around their current lives—Oscar Wilde 's The Importance of Being Earnest—and perform the work flawlessly , in its entirety , for the Gods ' entertainment . By such means , as the play 's plot unfolds , the children are guaranteed new , credible lives . `` Act or die , '' they command . But if they fail to perform the play to its conclusion , or if they rebel , they will be killed by jealous Hera . The mere existence of these illegitimate children are an outrage to her , representing Zeus ' countless infidelities .
12—whose title is often mistakenly derived from the number of years it took to create the film ( 10 actually ) —is described by Variety as `` equal parts L.A. love story , The Importance of Being Earnest , spoof on Greek gods and personal diary of actual events from 1988 to 1998 . `` [ 1 ] The director used more than 500,000 feet ( 150,000 m ) of film . [ 3 ]
Cast [ edit ]
Alison Elliott
Tony Griffin
Allen Lulu
Brenda Varda
Eugene Rubenzer
Blake Robertson
Golde Starger
David Franko
Eddie Zona
Julienne Greer
Mike Upton
Lili Barsha
Lisa Stark
Mark Dalton
Regina Leeds
Production [ edit ]
Shot over the course of a decade , Bridges filmed 12 whenever the actors were available and `` never imposed a deadline '' on the project . [ 4 ] Throughout the course of shooting , Bridges captured footage of natural disasters and major political events , including the 1994 Northridge earthquake , the Malibu fires , four lunar eclipses and two eclipses of the sun and the Rodney King riots , which were all included in the film . Bridges explained , `` My camera was always loaded and the batteries charged and often it traveled with me in my car to and from work . When there was a disaster , I was always ready to document it . `` [ 5 ]
In a rare twist of fate , nearly all of the original actors cast participated in the entire shoot , despite some road blocks along the way . While on a separate commercial shoot in Minneapolis , Allen Lulu suffered a heart attack caused by Phen-Phen . Additionally , Golde Starger ' was diagnosed with cancer in the middle of the shoot , and thankfully , recovered . `` There were divorces and there were babies born . I guess when you look at all the things that could have gone wrong and did n't , I 'm a very lucky man , '' Bridges told Indie Slate . [ 6 ] Additionally , Bridges adopted a flexible mentality in regards to continuity . As the actors aged and evolved , the one factor that remained semi-constant was wardrobe . For example , Griffin , who played Filmore , wore the same suite for 10 years . [ 4 ] Dramatic hair and weight change was even accounted for in the storyline .
The film was shot on 35mm Kodak short ends using Arri cameras and Zeiss Superspeed prime lenses . The short ends were stock test samples from 1989-1999 . The production used minimal on-set lighting , mostly opting for available light . The camera dolly used throughout the production of the film was actually a homemade dolly that Bridges converted from a baby stroller .
Themes [ edit ]
12 explores a variety of themes and attitudes that relate to a postmodern perspective on Greek mythology set within modern day Los Angeles . The idea of juxtaposition—Oscar Wilde / Greek mythology , mortals/immortals , grand scenery/run down Los Angeles streets is evidenced throughout . As Bridges themselves states , `` 12 is a diary of L.A. , a cinematic record of the natural and political convulsions gripping our town during the late-1980s and into the millennium . `` [ 5 ]
Bridges explained their rationale in making 12 to Shoot saying , '' Being the filmmaker , I clearly am defining myself as a radical independent . That 's why I made the film . It 's anti-everything in Hollywood . Not because of Hollywood -- this is what I would do under any circumstance . I 'm in love with the aesthetic , poetic and literary potential of film , and that 's what I wanted to express . `` [ 2 ]
Style [ edit ]
More than its plot and themes , 12 is recognized for its unique—and rarely before seen—style . Drawing inspiration from French New Wave films , poetry and improvisation techniques , Bridges ' film is inconsistent in tone , which some believe occurred because of the large span of time in which it was produced . One journalist described 12 as `` shifting capriciously between the near-profound and the pointlessly silly . '' The first half of the film especially has been considered nonlinear in regards to its narrative structure .
Music [ edit ]
None of the music in 12 was original score , yet the film incorporated over 100 different cues of music . More than 60 of those cues were classical in nature , incorporating Mozart , Beethoven , Bach and the like . Also of note is the fact that 12 is the first film for which the composer John Adams has allowed their music to be used .
Distribution and publicity [ edit ]
Just as the film blurs the boundaries of life and art , so does its distribution . 12 is shown via guerrilla drive-ins , [ 7 ] a movement the filmmaker created , which entails projecting the piece on walls of buildings throughout Los Angeles and instructing viewers to tune their car radios to a specified station . Locations have included a Staples store on Sunset Boulevard , a parking lot behind the Los Angeles Police Department 's Hollywood offices and a parking lot near a Sportmart in West Los Angeles , to name a few .
Bridges said they created the guerrilla drive-in in an effort to `` paint the artwork back on the subject of its inception -- projecting what you filmed back on to the wall at night . `` [ 2 ] Although the film was an out of pocket expense for Bridges , they have said they are `` waiting for the audience to find it , in terms of the marketplace , '' but also considers 12 to be public art that was privately funded . [ 6 ]
In 2002 , Bridges began a grassroots effort to be considered for Academy awards and passed out 12 T-shirts to members of the Academy . However , police mistook them as a street vagrant and had them taken into custody . Coincidentally , the Los Angeles Times caught the incident on camera and published an image of Bridges being arrested wearing the '12 for Best Picture ' shirt . [ 6 ]
Critical reception [ edit ]
Although it never saw commercial success , 12 is considered an underground cult film that has played at more than 15 festivals worldwide and was honored with a `` Best of Fest '' award at the Syracuse International Film and Video Festival in 2004 . It is critically acclaimed for its unique production process , complex and current themes and stunning visuals .
LA Weekly film critic Paul Malcolm praised the filmmaker 's inventive nature , writing , `` Bridges , a director of television commercials , has a feel for transformative compositions that can remake even the most familiar environment -- a kitchen pantry , a corner on Wilshire Boulevard -- into a place of wonder . '' [ 8 ]
Variety reviewer Robert Koehler applauded Bridges for their `` dizzying , unforgettable adventure , '' writing , `` Griffin and Elliott provide a good grounding for the viewer 's attention as the deconstructed stream of images and story roll by , but much of the fascination here is not in the highly uneven perfs , but in pic 's raw enthusiasm for the film medium , montage , the juxtaposition of image and sound and the reimagining of Greek classicism in a SoCal setting . '' [ 1 ]
Tod Booth of the San Francisco Film Society called 12 `` ambitious , discursive and hilarious '' and described the film to be `` as challenging and sweeping as a Pynchon novel-a Marx Brothers version of a Wagnerian opera , with Jean-Luc Godard mixed in . '' [ 9 ]
In their monthly Media Matters column on Hollywood Network , Miles Beller wrote , `` 12 is by turns funny and infuriating , loony and inspire . Here is a movie that juggles actualities and artifice with manic glee . [ ... ] [ Bridges ' ] 12 is a daring , new vision of the human condition , a work of art that sublimely shows the folly and fulfillment of the ascent of man . `` [ 5 ]
WASHINGTON – Senate Republicans voted Thursday in favor of eliminating the state and local tax deduction used by some 44 million Americans .
By a 52-47 vote , the Senate passed an amendment to repeal the long-standing provision that allows Americans to deduct their taxes paid on real estate , personal property , state income and sales tax .
Author Sen. Shelley Moore Capito ( R-W.Va. ) said that the state and local tax ( SALT ) deduction “ disproportionately benefits the wealthy and high-earners . ”
Scrapping the tax break would raise $ 1.3 trillion over 10 years and that money “ would be better spent on relief for the middle-class , working class folks , ” Capito said , citing those who make $ 50,000 or less .
Meanwhile , a Democrat-sponsored measure to preserve state and local tax deductions failed in a party line vote 47-52 .
“ Well , this was our first effort to get everybody to oppose the elimination of the state and local tax deduction , ” a disappointed Sen. Chris Van Hollen ( D-Md . ) told The Post after the vote .
Van Hollen said they believe their GOP colleagues will come around once more Americans are aware of what 's at stake . They tweeted out a calculator to help them figure out the cost of President Trump 's tax reform proposal .
“ The more people around the country focus on this and do the calculation and realize they are going to get screwed by it , then maybe this debate will change a little bit , ” Van Hollen said .
Of the 44 million tax filers who claimed state and local tax deductions in 2013 , 38.8 million had household incomes of $ 200,000 or less , according to the Tax Policy Center . The major benefactors of the tax deduction live in high taxed states , like New York and California , where $ 200,000 does n't go as far .
Backers of the SALT deduction pledged to keep up the fight as the tax reform legislation is devised in the House and Senate committees . They argue Trump 's tax plan is unfair because it allows corporations to deduct state and local taxes but eliminates the breaks from average tax filers .
“ Did you hear that ? ” Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D-N.Y. ) marveled on the Senate floor Thursday . “ Corporations can claim it , individuals ca n't . Is n't that backward ? It should n't be taken away from either one . ”
But the White House defended its plan saying if employers could n't deduct their local and states taxes they 'd go “ out of business . ”
“ In order to not drive firms out of business , one needs to allow firms to deduct all of their costs , ” Kevin Hassett , chair of the Council Of Economic Advisers , told The Post .
The goal of the Trump tax plan is to deliver a tax break to middle income families by lowering rates and doubling the standard deduction , Hassett said . They said he 's confident once the legislation is finalized American families will have about $ 4,000 more in their pockets .
Meanwhile , moderate House Republicans have been pushing for a compromise by eliminating the state and local tax deduction just for the wealthy but keeping it for middle-income families . Rep. Peter King ( R-L.I . ) suggested the tax break should be extended to those making up to $ 400,000 .
The White House 's Hassett said he 's unclear what income brackets Trump had in mind when they promised a “ middle class miracle. ” But the economist noted the middle income quintile technically is defined as households making between “ $ 40,000 and $ 70,000 . ”
by
Almost as soon as you open your computer you sense that something is wrong . It takes too long to load your background screen , or there is a lot of unexpected disk activity causing your hard drive to sound like a pack of dwarves in their mine , or when you open your browser there is some awful ShopMe toolbar added to it . No matter how hard you try or how may time you run your antivirus software , you ca n't get rid of it .
That was the sort of feeling I had the first time I was exposed to a Thomas Kinkade painting . Now , I realize Kinkade is an easy target for art snobs , but I am an incorrigible middlebrow . I have so many guilty pleasures ( ABBA , Coldplay , Michael Mann , Tom Clancy , Disney animation ) that spend most of my time as a consumer of art feeling guilty . My wife , then my fiancée , gushed over it , and said they may want to acquire some pieces by this artist to hang in our [ prospective ] home . Without hesitation , I told them that no piece by this artist would ever hang in my home as long as I had breath in my body . My reaction was that visceral and that immediate .
By all rights , I should love Thomas Kinkade and their numerous imitators . I am disgustingly average ; I live in a median neighborhood , earn a median income , married at the median age , have 2.3 children [ do n't ask about the .3 ] . From the outside , I am just another of that endless torrent of faceless commuters you experience as obstructions on your morning drive into work from your suburban sanctuary . Kinkade does well among my demographic . From all appearances they were a talented artist , and from what I 've read about him , a devout Christian . I have even seen some of their works that work very well for me , painted before they became a brand name , which have the same artistic effect on me as painters like Theodore Clement Steele or John Singer Sargent . However , it does n't appear you can purchase prints of these “ good ” paintings . So why did I , no art critic , have such a negative reaction to this man and their work ?
At first , I thought it was because their paintings were garish , but there are a lot of garish artists I love . Who could be more garish than Thomas Hart Benton , yet I 'll drive 75 miles out of my way to see one of their WPA murals in a post office . Or who could have a color sense more guaranteed to violate and outrage the delicate sensibilities of Anglo-Saxon norteamericanos than the Mexican muralist Diego Rivera ? Rivera 's work has the additional drawback of being as polemical as a copy of the Daily Worker , but I was moved to tears by their mural of the Aviator in the Palace of Fine arts in Mexico City , and Kinkade does not even approach Rivera for garishness .
Then I thought it must be that I experienced their paintings as Pelagian . I do n't know why I would object to Pelagian art . Walt Disney had Pelagianism down to a formula by Pinocchio , and I think Pinocchio is one of the three greatest animated movies of all time . Indeed , my taste for heresy in art goes far beyond Pelagianism . You ca n't be a proper landscape artist if you do n't have at least a sympathy for pantheism , and the hallucinatory images of Charles Burchfield are among some of my very favorites .
I think that my objection to the late Mr. Kinkade 's work is the same as that of Catholic blogger Thomas L. McDonald , “ I understood Kinkade better when I started seeing them not as an artist in the tradition of the Hudson River School who went spectacularly wrong , but as a fantasy illustrator like their good friend and collaborator , artist James Gurney . They are n't a Rockwellian realist like Terry Redlin . They were a painter of fantasy landscapes , like Roger Dean with cozy cottages . ”
That was it . Kinkade was painting scenes not from the world I live in , but from the world where you go to live when you Accept Jesus Christ As Your Personal Lord And Savior . It is a world where everything , even the forces of nature and the laws of perspective accommodate themselves to make everything Right . It is a word where even though there is a gale raging in the upper atmosphere , the smoke form your cozy chimney rises as perpendicularly as a flagpole . What makes matters even worse is that I think this world really exists if you are sufficiently anesthetized and unreflective . I meet people from this world from time to time . They are uniformly good people , better than I am , or at least better at resisting the temptations of this squalid world . They do n't waste their time with anime or Quentin Tarantino . They are happy with Positive Hits Radio , Fireproof , CCM , and Veggie Tales . So maybe the creepy feeling I have is that Thomas Kinkade is painting from life , not from their own imagination , which would make them kind of Thomas Upton Pickman in reverse .
Like I mentioned before , my wife responded very positively to Kinkade , and they think I am only hurting myself by subjecting myself to the polluted products of the world outside the Christian Shtetl . After 25 years of marriage I have to admit that I do n't really understand their vision of Christianity , which is as alien to me as if someone had landed from Mars . I have this nagging suspicion that it may be my life 's work to learn to cherish and appreciate it .
MOSCOW — Russia said Thursday its dispute with the United States over missile defence was near a “ dead end ” and warned it might have to deploy new rockets in Europe to take out elements of the controversial shield .
“ We have not been able to find mutually-acceptable solutions at this point and the situation is practically at a dead end , ” Defence Minister Anatoly Serdyukov told a televised conference on missile defence issues .
The comments came just hours before Russian generals were to sit down for crunch talks with a special team Washington dispatched ahead of next month 's official deployment of the first elements of the new shield .
Russia has argued vehemently against a defence system the United States is deploying to protect its European allies against any attack from enemy states such as Iran that the West fears are seeking to develop a nuclear weapon .
Officials in Moscow fear the shield may harm its own nuclear deterrence and have warned of unleashing a massive new armament programme if Washington failed to allay its concerns .
Chief of Staff General Nikolai Makarov said one option was for Russia to station short-range Iskander missiles in its Kaliningrad exclave near Poland in a long-discussed move that has gravely alarmed Eastern European states .
“ The deployment of new strike weapons in Russia 's south and northwest — including of Iskander systems in Kaliningrad — is one of our possible options for destroying the system 's European infrastructure , ” Makarov warned .
The generals backed up their argument by unfurling a projection screen before visiting dignitaries from 50 countries and playing graphics of how NATO missiles could eliminate Russian rockets by the end of the decade .
“ A thorough analysis by the defence ministry 's research organisations showed that once the third and fourth stages are deployed , the capability to intercept Russian inter-continental ballistic missiles will be real , ” Makarov said .
The standoff has tested Russian-US relations for much of the past decade and been one of the primary issues addressed by President Barack Obama when they launched a diplomatic “ reset ” with Moscow in 2009 .
But it has gained added urgency as Russia makes a transition from outgoing President Dmitry Medvedev to their mentor Vladimir Putin — an ex-KGB spy who fought often with Washington during their first two terms in the Kremlin .
Putin will be sworn in for a third term as president on Monday and Washington has dispatched an entire team of top advisers tasked with calming tensions in the short term .
The Russian strongman has already decided against attending next month 's NATO summit in Chicago to protest the shield 's formal deployment at the event .
Yet the rhetoric appears to be masking the sides ' tacit agreement to push back serious shield discussions until Obama has a chance in November to defeat a Republican presidential rival who could take a much tougher line with Moscow .
An open microphone famously caught Obama telling Medvedev in March that they could negotiate some concessions on the system if Russia gave them “ space ” until after the election this year .
“ I will transmit this information to Vladimir , ” Medvedev was heard telling Obama in English .
NATO 's Deputy Secretary General Alexander Vershbow made clear as the first day of meetings wound down that no new offers were made to Moscow by the visiting Western command .
“ At this stage of our relationship , NATO is not going to outsource its security to Russia or give Russia a veto over the defence of NATO territory , ” Vershbow told Moscow Echo radio .
A federal court in New York granted a stay against President Donald Trump 's executive order halting entry of immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries , the American Civil Liberties Union confirmed Saturday night .
The stay , issued by federal Judge Ann Donnelly in Brooklyn late Saturday , prevents the government from deporting immigrants who are currently being detained at U.S. airports . The ACLU estimated there were 100 to 200 people detained at airports across the country on Saturday , blocked from entering the country by the executive order .
The ACLU filed a complaint on behalf of two Iraqi citizens , Hameed Khalid Darweesh and Haider Sameer Abdulkhaleq Alshawi , who both were issued U.S. visas prior to Friday 's executive order and were held at the John F. Kennedy International Airport upon arrival to the U.S .
Darweesh worked in Iraq as an interpreter , engineer and contractor for the U.S. government between 2003 and 2013 . They were released from the airport on Saturday afternoon . Alshawi was still being held there when the stay was granted . Their wife and children are living in Houston , Texas , according to the complaint .
“ Clearly the judge understood the possibility for irreparable harm to hundreds of immigrants and lawful visitors to this country . Our courts today worked as they should as bulwarks against government abuse or unconstitutional policies and orders , ” ACLU executive director Anthony D. Romero said in a statement . “ On week one , Donald Trump suffered their first loss in court . ”
Hundreds of people congregated next to the federal courthouse in Brooklyn , as they awaited Judge Donnelly 's ruling on the stay . Loud cheers erupted as the court 's decision was announced .
The ruling followed a protest Saturday afternoon at JFK where hundreds of people crowded outside the airport to demonstrate , a crowd that grew throughout the afternoon .
Murad Awawdeh , director of political engagement for the advocacy group New York Immigration Coalition , told the NewsHour that they decided to issue a call-out on social media for protesters to meet at JFK 's Terminal 4 after the news first broke Friday night that at least two individuals were being held there .
By Saturday morning , reports said that 12 people were being held at JFK by federal authorities , though Awawdeh remained optimistic .
“ Apparently it 's working because one person was already released , ” Awawdeh said of the demonstration early Saturday afternoon , also noting that they were receiving updates from attorneys who were working to release the rest of the detainees . “ When all the people get out we 'll leave . ”
Protests against Trump 's executive order broke out on Saturday at airports across the country , including in Chicago , San Francisco , Dallas-Forth Worth and elsewhere .
The executive order , signed on Friday afternoon , banned all refugees and visa holders from seven countries from entering the U.S for 90 days and suspended the U.S . Refugee Admissions Program for 120 days . The order affects citizens of Iran , Iraq , Syria , Libya , Somalia , Sudan and Yemen . Syrian refugees , who have fled the war-torn country by the millions after a nearly six-year civil war , were banned for an indeterminate amount of time .
The demonstrators held signs and chanted slogans throughout the day . One of the protesters , Thomas Beard , 32 , a curator living in New York City , said it was “ the Muslim ban ” that drew them out in frigid temperatures to demonstrate .
“ It 's completely unconscionable and I wanted to add my voice to the dissent , ” they said of the president 's executive order , also noting they attended inauguration protests and the Women 's March last week in Washington , D.C .
Amir Bar-Lav , a 44-year-old documentary filmmaker , was attending the demonstration with their wife and three children .
“ Anyone who believes in the Constitution should be here , ” they said . “ I am the son of an immigrant . My kids are the great-grand children of refugees . ”
Estelle Davis , 39 , of New York City , said they decided to attend the demonstration because they believe in the ideals of the U.S. Constitution and was upset that some of the individuals who may be banned from entry into the U.S. had helped the U.S. military during the war in Iraq .
“ The first law in the U.S. is you can not discriminate against religion , ” they said . “ I believe in this country , I believe in the ideals that this country stands for . ”
Emily Gadd , 45 , who works in Manhattan , said the decision to ban immigrants and refugees from certain countries following a week of contentious decisions by Trump “ has reached a level of absurdity . ”
“ We can not shut our doors , ” they said . “ All of our elected officials know this is illegal . This is the essence of our country . ”
Zak Foster , 36 , a public school teacher in Brooklyn , said the parents of some of the students they teach entered the country illegally and might be threatened by some of the policies Trump has proposed .
“ What brought me here today is thinking about my students , ” they said . “ Some who are undocumented . ”
Although gaming is alive and well , the basement-dwelling Mountain Dew goblin teenager stereotype who screams at their mother for `` interrupting '' their boob-modded Call of Duty match to give them their pizza rolls image others have of gamers is still very troublesome . It 's an image we need to resist .
I think one of the biggest things the game community struggles with communicating to the outside world is that games , and by extension those who play them , are n't what they 're imagined to be .
Part of the struggle is one of vocabulary . Games are a relatively young medium , and their unique quirks and methods still are n't known to everyone . Telling a lifelong player to be mindful of their sensitivity settings is n't really a hard step for those familiar with the parlance , but has no context or frame of reference for those outside of first-person gaming . It 's also true of things like frame perfect links , expert jungling , getting mana screwed , pocket Mercy , No Mercy runs , TAS runs , and countless other expressions within gaming . For the average person more on the periphery of games , terms like these have no real glossaries , and certainly very little frame of reference outside of already knowing the basics of each game .
The other part of the struggle is the culture itself . It 's hard to push into games from the outside because there is resistance to the concept of glossaries . More pertinently , those who need them . Things that widen games to audiences formerly in the outside of the culture read as some kind of betrayal . Those who feel passionately about games seem to want to keep them close , locked into a familiar shape with familiar communities . The culture that feels those already playing belong to the in-group , and out-groups trying to join either need to fold themselves quietly , or leave . That games do n't belong to anyone but those already in .
This culture is a problem , and one that manifests itself in a lot of ways . Women have a hard time pushing into game communities without the expectation to just tolerate the sexism already present . Minorities who speak against the overwhelming lack of representation are just called racists themselves for failing to accept that whiteness is the default , and any deviation is somehow confrontationally political where overwhelming underrepresentation is n't . Fantasization of sexual femininity and toxic masculinity is the expected normal , and any push for alternatives is seen as invasive and unwanted . Honesty about design is read as manipulation , and developers are punished for getting out of line or designing games in `` wrong '' ways .
The lattermost point found its way to Twitter on a thread by developer Charles Randall . The thread begins talking about the fact that developers tend to be stingy with information . `` Because gamer culture is so toxic that being candid in public is dangerous . See that recent twitter thread about game design tricks to make games better -- filled with gamers 'angry ' about 'being lied to . ' '' They go on to say , `` Any dev who talks candidly about the difficulty of something like that just triggers a wave of people questioning their entire resume . 'Questioning ' here being an absurd euphemism for 'becoming a target of an entire faction of gamers for harassment or worse . ' There are still topics I ca n't touch because I was candid once and it resulted in dumb headlines , misunderstandings , and harassment .
`` But here 's the rub : all the stuff you ever wanted to know about game development would be out there if not for the toxic gaming community . We * love * to talk about development , the challenges we face , the problems we solve , the shortcuts we take . But it 's almost never worth it . ''
Randall continues at length to discuss how the objection to developers `` being political '' is a part of the same problem , how developers tend to be more forthcoming among each other , and how the problems like these lead to the gaming community ( and , at times , press ) being left in the dark because of the culture that would follow .
All of these things seem to stem from the same idea : What games have been for the past forty or so years must remain the only thing games are allowed to be . Any change to format , mechanics , or culture should be heavily questioned , criticized , and thrown out if too avant garde . Keep costumes skimpy , muscles big , breasts and butts bigger , characters white , status quo stable , and no matter what-if someone speaks out against any of it-mob them into silence . Games belong to `` gamers , '' and anyone who does n't toe the line clearly is n't a Real GamerTM .
No one is saying these games are inherently bad , or there should be no games styled and developed in this way , but that we genuinely need to recognize that skimpy nuns , bikini-clad martial artists , exposed-breast ninjas , and The Witcher sex scenes create an image that the games community does n't resist .
The problem this creates is that , from the outside , gaming appears to be a teen dude 's clubhouse that hides copies of Playboy under the furniture , invites their friends over to objectify the girl who wears short skirts to class , believes strongly that minorities could n't have realistically existed in fantasy medieval times , and vehemently defends the artistic merit of combat armor designed for and worn by lingerie models . At a glance , it is n't an image that seems wrong , either .
As genuinely great as games like Bayonetta and Lollypop Chainsaw are , we also need to accept that the criticism about the sexuality built into them is valid . No one is saying these games are inherently bad , or there should be no games styled and developed in this way , but that we genuinely need to recognize that skimpy nuns , bikini-clad martial artists , exposed-breast ninjas , and The Witcher sex scenes create an image that the games community does n't resist .
And when parts of the community do resist , they 're met with very public and vocal dissent about how they 're trying to `` censor '' games , or are accusing the community of uniformly being misogynist or racist . That 's almost never the case , and acknowledging that the culture can sometimes resemble a sex-crazed white boys ' club is exactly why the visual of an energy drink-downing troglodyte has never been entirely dispelled from what gamers are . We need to resist the apparent rule in this culture that games are above questioning sexist , racist , or adolescent design or cultural decisions .
Things like feminist and racial critique of games are a part of the spectrum of what a people who play and criticize games are , and have always been . Without letting ourselves acknowledge these things as a part of the natural discourse of games , then it will always feel a little bit juvenile . It will always seem to people that our dramatic space operas are just sex games with blue aliens . It will always appear to senators and lawyers that our violence is harmful fantasizing rather than just one of many tools in games ' storytelling belts .
Further , the longer aggressive disagreement to anything perceived as `` harming games '' is the culturally appropriate , level-headed response , the longer even game developers will find this community toxic . Even from within , the rhetoric of war pervades disagreement more than actual discourse does . Games culture has an aggression problem , and it 's time to own up to that .
Dispelling the toxicity does mean taking a hard look in the mirror and honestly admitting that the toxic things that happen-even with the best intentions-are damaging . That is the basis of the harmful `` gamer '' label . What the rest of the world has internalized over years of booth babes , anime waifu boob mousepads , underdressed heros , white-only heroism , and violent revelry does not make our community look like the mature medium games have largely become over the years . As long as the community keeps throwing very public , very aggressive tantrums at anyone pointing this out , though , it will keep looking this way .
As Leigh Alexander has already said , `` Gamers '' are over . The worst aspects of the `` gamer '' image need to be universally examined and challenged . Those challenges need to be accepted as a part of the culture . The parts of the gaming community that encourage furious dissent are n't being evaluated enough , and that 's keeping communities at their most angry . This culture needs to start fighting an image it 's never fully earned but still has . That image is holding gaming to an image that has been in the deathbed for years , but needs to finally by buried .
Games have already changed , and will continue to change , and holding onto an aggression-centric culture is n't helping .
Willke , president of the Life Issues Institute , wrote a book with a chapter on rape from which Akin could have easily pulled their facts : `` Her body is upset , '' Willke writes , referring to the rape victim . `` Every woman is aware that stress and emotional factors can alter their menstrual cycle ... Hormone production is controlled by a part of the brain which is easily influenced by emotions . There 's no greater emotional trauma that can be experienced by a woman than an assault rape . This can radically upset their possibility of ovulation , fertilization , implantation and even nurturing of a pregnancy . ''
Once again : Todd Akin 's position that there is no such thing as pregnancy from `` legitimate '' rape is not very far from the so-called `` mainstream '' Republican position on the matter . Here 's one of the people Akin gets their garbage fake-science from , the radical anti-abortion activist Dr. John Willke , who asserts despite actual statistical evidence to the contrary that pregnancies from rape are `` very rare . '' From HuffPo Oh , and just in case an entire chapter dismissing the likelihood of rape-caused pregnancies is n't enough , they also reiterated the same thing in an interview yesterday . Note , in that link , that the responses by actual professionals include such choice words as `` absurd , '' `` nuts '' and `` nonsense . ''
All right , so there 's the mindset that thinks women do n't get pregnant from rape because of emotions and magical transforming womenparts and whatnot . Are they just some backwoods crackpot , or is they a member of good standing in modern Republicanism ? RH Reality Check notes a 2007 press release from the Romney campaign happily accepting Willke 's endorsement :
Today , Dr. John Willke , a founder of the Pro Life Movement , endorsed Governor Mitt Romney and their campaign for our nation 's highest office . Dr. Willke is a leading voice within the pro-life community and will be an important surrogate for Governor Romney 's pro-life and pro-family agenda . [ ... ] Welcoming Dr. Willke 's announcement , Governor Romney said , `` I am proud to have the support of a man who has meant so much to the pro-life movement in our country . They know how important it is to have someone in Washington who will actively promote pro-life policies . Policies that include more than appointing judges who will follow the law but also opposing taxpayer funded abortion and partial birth abortion . I look forward to working with Dr. Willke and welcome them to Romney for President . ''
An important surrogate in deciding Romney policy ? Well , perhaps Mitt Romney has already flip-flopped on that , since we 're talking about way back in the before-times of 2007 . Or , considering who they picked as their running mate , perhaps they have n't . All we know is that Willke had the decency to sound authoritative when making up junk figures , while Todd Akin botched the whole thing by saying `` legitimate '' instead of the Ryan-endorsed phrase , `` forcible . ''
Best Fasting for Weight Loss Stories on the Internet
30 SHARES Share Tweet
When I started fasting for weight loss I was unaware of any large scale success stories other than that of legendary hero of fasting Angus Barbieri , ( AKA “ The Mad Scottsman ” ) . After I did my initial fast I gradually found a few more , but there are not many out there and aside from Barbieri none seem to be documented in the medical literature in a helpful way . Finding them can be fairly difficult so I decided a resources article was in order .
The best and most informative stories came off Youtube , which has a lot of skinny hippy dudes doing long fasts , but has a few serious fasting for weight loss studies . I concentrated on stories that involved longer fasting periods . I 've included a few intermittent fasters , especially of longer duration .
YouTube Stories
Lindsey Adams with a 140 pound weight loss probably has the most informative fasting for weight loss that I 've found on the internet . I checked out their facebook page and they had a recent picture up and she 's keeping up the loss . They are highly religious and African American which may have led them to fasting . I 've found that talking to African Americans about fasting that there is higher probability of an open mind on the subject or approval . I think this is due to several religious traditions that emphasize fasting that are popular in the African American community .
She 's now a health coach and motivational speaker . In their videos contemporaneous with the loss they talk about needing to fast for the rest of their life , which I think is something I will clearly need to do as well . ( In face it seems like kind of an obvious no brainer that I get asked about a lot . ) They also commented about the fasting retraining their hunger which I 've found as well .
They have a lot of content on their channel , not all of which emphasizes the fasting . I suspect that fasting gets a poor reception with paying clients .
Fasting for Weight loss is a youtube channel of an African American lady who fasted for weight loss and lost eighty pounds . They did n't post for 4 years and then posted an attempt at a forty day fast to attempt to lose what appeared to be a regain of a large percentage of the weight . The videos progressed up to day 10 and then there appears to be no more content .
Bad Ass Prius is the 2012 channel of a male who lost 125 lbs over a 40 day and then a 65 day water fast . It 's informative as there are longer fasting periods . The videos are daily takes of their experiences periodically . You can see them shrinking if you watch the videos .
I rank this as the second most informative and inspirational post . There are no followup posts . I usually take this as a bad sign , but you never know . One of the reasons I 'm shying away from fasts longer than 20 days is that I want to make periodic fasts a lifetime habit and I think longer fasts have a one shot deal type of effect and do n't lend themselves to making fasting a habit .
Part of their story that I found interesting was that they did n't really gain weight until after they left the Army . This agrees with a lot of what I 've observed that exercise does n't really have a lot of effectiveness for weight loss , but can really help with preventing gain .
I 'm avoiding as a general rule single fasts for weight loss since I believe most people need to make it a habit . The exceptions would be people who just want to lose a few pounds . However , this young woman seems to have maintained the benefits of their fast which took them from in really good shape to fashionably healthy . They also eat really healthy and has compelling content so I 'm including it .
25 day water fast in 2014 . Frequent Youtuber appears to have maintained benefits .
The best fasting for weight loss story off youtube I think is that of Sumaya Kazi . Published in a Medium article they describe a 4:3 style of fasting where they eat for four days and then fasts for three . The length hits a grey area between intermittent fasting and using longer term fasts .
I especially like their story and writings on it because they seem like a fairly observant rational person who is careful in coming to conclusions . They mention both not being able to exercise for the first couple months and failure with other more traditional methods . She 's also into startups and entrepreneurship , affinities which I assume are correlated with intelligence and goodsense . ( I sell domain names for entrepreneurs as a side business . )
Reddit
Reddit has an especially active fasting subreddit that you should upvote . Alot of the threads seem to be one-off long fasts , which are cool , but not what I was after in terms of large weight loss . Two stories standout .
User Wallabybyebye on Reddit writes on reddit of having lost 100+ pounds through a combination of 48 hours fasts and some longer ones up to about 6 days . They have a neat graph of their weight and fasting days at imgur . This was an especially good post .
When not eating they try to be low carb and cooked by them but not super strict
Slash Caleb is another good story . More intermittent fasting with shorter periods .
Intensive Dietary Management is the blog/site that I think I read before trying fasting . In any case I found it soon afterwards at least and formed much of the basis for my fasting . There are a number of patient profiles to check out . Put patient in the search function on the site to bring them up not all the stories are tagged patient profile . A lot of profiles do n't have extreme weight loss but have individuals achieving diabetic control . Some notable profiles to me were .
Shannon – Male who is doing a four day fast weekly . Has lost approximately 100 pounds .
Reyn – Male who has lost 100+ pounds some longer fasting session .
Kirk –-Male with 100 pound weight loss not clear how much fasting involved .
Other Stories
5-2 Diet Forum
Kilda on the 5-2 diet forum which is n't quite an intermittent fast or extended fast , but alternate days of extremely low calories , has an interesting blurb . They talk about the fasting resetting their relationship with food and hunger .
Quora
There 's an interesting thread on quora about intermittent fasting .
Business Insider
Dan Zigmond an executive at facebook has practiced a daily 9 hour eating window and has lost 20 pounds . They credit intermittent fasting with changing their lives .
Cure Zone
Curezone has an extensive discussion board on fasting . It has a lot content but more kinda new agey then I 'm usually comfortable with . I did find a post by a user named Mouseclick informative .
If you enjoyed this content and would like me to keep producing more , please sign up for my update newsletter !
First Name Last Name Email address : Leave this field empty if you 're human :
PITTSBURGH , PA - JANUARY 03 : Troy Polamalu # 43 of the Pittsburgh Steelers looks on from the bench against the Baltimore Ravens during their AFC Wild Card game at Heinz Field on Jan. 3 , 2015 in Pittsburgh . ( Photo Credit : Justin K. Aller/Getty Images )
This needs to be fixed .
Or , as we say here in Pittsburgh , simply : “ This needs fixed . ”
Troy Polamalu is one of our conquering heroes ; that long hair flopping from the back of their helmet flowing down onto shoulders seemingly built to deliver a day-wrecking blow to anyone who dared cross the middle .
And as they did their work , we followed them each step . All 12 seasons as they connected with us here in Pittsburgh more magnetically than just about any athlete in their generation . We clung to them as one of our football conquerors .
Polamalu is a legend , a star and icon all rolled into one in these parts — for both the way they played on the field and their generosity , many times anonymous , off it .
All of that is why this needs ( to be ) fixed . And something needs to be done quickly .
You see , the Pittsburgh Steelers this past weekend held a celebration remembering and celebrating the Super Bowl XL winning team from 10 years ago .
The team that roared through the playoffs as a No . 6-seed and eventually captured the title with a win over the Seahawks .
The team that gave Jerome Bettis that win in their hometown of Detroit .
The team from which no fewer than , oh I 'd say about 20 gazillion fans , list Troy Polamalu as their favorite player .
But when all the festivities were held this past weekend here in Pittsburgh honoring that team , Troy was nowhere to be found .
Multiple sources have confirmed Polamalu wanted no parts ; they declined the invitation and has , make no mistake , distanced themselves from the organization from which they were tied so deeply to and retired from in April .
I 'm told the eight-time Pro Bowler and one of the most dominant safeties in the history of the National Football League still has n't come to terms with how it all ended with the Pittsburgh Steelers .
With two seasons left on a contract , Polamalu decided to retire at 34 rather than go through what looked to be the inevitability of the Steelers releasing one of their legends .
Long story short : Polamalu felt they had more football left ; the Steelers disagreed — and therein lies the crux of the standoff at this point .
At the time of Polamalu 's retirement , Steelers chairperson Dan Rooney said : “ We 've been fortunate to have great players throughout the years , but they of course would be one of the top players . They did everything with dignity and responsibility , and it was special to have Troy be a Steeler their entire career . ”
All that is true .
So too is this : The Steelers and Polamalu ca n't go down a path that Terry Bradshaw went down with the organization ; one where a link to one of the all-time greats of the franchise was in a fractured relationship with it over something , seemingly , so trivial .
Certainly Polamalu is well within their rights to feel strongly about the end of their career , but they had to understand that even with this opportunity for riches , fame and football glory comes the forever-remaining fact that the NFL is a business . Polamalu got caught up in that business ; a guy who was once on top of their game but one in which the organization felt it was better to move on from .
That does n't take away , in the least , what they did on the football field for the Steelers .
Or for the city .
Or that they will be in Canton as a Hall of Famer soon .
Or that he 's already in a hall of fame of sorts here in western Pennsylvania for their countless , princely charitable act .
All respect to Arnold Harrison and Chukky Okobi and Clint Kriewaldt and Lee Mays and Chidi Iwuoma — all who played a role in their own right — but they ai n't Troy .
None of them moved the meter the way No . 43 would have this past weekend .
This past weekend was a great celebration for the that 2005 team , but it felt like it was missing something because Troy , one of its biggest personalities and main drawing cards , was n't there .
I do n't know what needs to happen , but this needs to get fixed .
This needs to be patched up . For everyone 's sake .
Colin Dunlap is a featured columnist at CBSPittsburgh.com . They can also be heard weekdays from 5:40 a.m. to 10 a.m. on Sports Radio 93-7 “ The Fan. ” You can e-mail them at colin.dunlap @ cbsradio.com . Check out their bio here .
Like The Fan On Facebook
Follow The Fan On Twitter
Legislation that would prevent Americans from visiting websites the government claims are violating copyright rules had a tumultuous first hearing Wednesday , with its main sponsor unexpectedly expressing reservations over the bill 's scope .
Rep. Lamar Smith ( R-Texas ) , one the chief sponsors of the bill , expressed uncertainty over allowing the Justice Department to obtain court orders demanding that American ISPs prevent users from visiting blacklisted websites . ISPs receiving such orders would have to alter records in the net 's system for looking up website names , known as DNS .
The House bill also allows the Justice Department to order search sites like Google to remove an allegedly `` rogue '' site from its search results .
`` I 'm not a technical expert on this , '' the chairperson of the committee said , adding moments later : `` I 'm trying to ferret this out . '' When they introduced the package last month , however , they pronounced that the bill was needed because `` Rogue websites that steal and sell American innovations have operated with impunity . ''
In a marathon , 3.5-hour hearing before the 38-member House Judiciary Committee , lawmakers debated among themselves and with a panel of six witnesses , five of which favored the Stop Online Piracy Act . The committee took no immediate action , but it was apparent that the 79-page measure is likely to be amended , in no small part , due to a backlash from the tech community .
Much of the package is similar to a stalled Senate measure known as the Protect IP Act .
Both proposals amount to the holy grail of intellectual-property enforcement that the recording industry , movie studios and their union and guild workforces have been clamoring for since the George W. Bush administration under the theory that online copyright infringement is destroying American jobs .
Smith , who said `` everybody in this panel is committed to fighting piracy , '' noted commentary from internet security experts concerned over the fallout if the Justice Department begins ordering American internet service providers to stop giving out the correct DNS entry for an infringing website under the .com , .org and .net domains .
Putting false information into the DNS system – the equivalent of the net 's phonebook – would be ineffective , frustrate security initiatives and lead to software workarounds , according to a paper co-signed by security experts Steve Crocker of Shinkuro , David Dagon of Georgia Tech , Dan Kaminsky of DKH , Danny McPherson of Verisign and Paul Vixie of Internet Systems Consortium .
`` These actions would threaten the Domain Name System 's ability to provide universal naming , a primary source of the internet 's value as a single , unified , global communications network , '' they wrote .
In other words , the bill would break the internet 's universal character and hamper U.S. government-supported efforts to rollout out DNS-SEC , which is intended to prevent hackers from hijacking the net through fake DNS entries .
The bill 's big-pocketed proponents were n't moved by those arguments .
Michael O'Leary , Motion Picture Association of America vice president , told Smith that , `` it 's a concern , but frankly overstated . ''
Rep. Zoe Lofgren ( D-California ) whose district includes Silicon Valley , expressed alarm that Google was the only company invited to testify against the bill . Google was peppered over and again by lawmakers asking why it is does n't simply stop rendering infringing sites in search results .
`` The search engines are not capable of actually censoring the World Wide Web , '' Lofgren said . `` We need to go after people committing crimes . ''
Katherine Oyama , Google 's policy council , responded at one point :
`` We do n't control the World Wide Web , '' they said , adding that Google does not know what sites are hosting infringing content unless the rights holder tells Google . When that happens , they said , Google usually stops displaying results pointing to that particular page within six hours .
The MPAA 's O'Leary countered later that , on a Google search , the in-theater-only movie J-Edgar has `` a better chance that the Pirate Bay is going to end up ahead of Netflix '' on a Google search .
Google , Facebook , LinkedIn , AOL , Yahoo , eBay , Mozilla , the Electronic Frontier Foundation , the American Civil Liberties Union and a host of other groups and companies oppose the measure , saying the bill will break the internet as we know it .
Not all members of the committee said the legislation needed work .
Rep. Bob Goodlatte ( R-Virginia ) said , `` This is a good bill . ''
Rep. Mel Watt ( D-North Carolina ) expressed some reservations , but said legislation was needed .
`` Doing nothing is not an option , '' they said . `` Not only are online piracy and counterfeiting drains on our economy , they expose consumers to fraud , identity theft , confusion and to harm . ''
John Clark , the security chief for Pfizer , testified that counterfeit drug sales run rampant on the internet .
`` I see counterfeited medicines as attempted murder , '' they said .
Troubling to Rep. Maxine Waters ( D-California ) was how the bill described what sites could be targed , those `` dedicated to infringing activity . ''
The House bill allows rights holders to demand that online ad services and credit card companies stop working with an allegedly infringing sites . The copyright holder need only allege the site is `` dedicated to infringing activity '' – as say Viacom alleges about YouTube , and if the ad service or credit card company does not quickly sever ties , they can be held liable . No court approval is needed to send such a letter .
`` It imposes harsh , arbitrary sanctions without due process , '' Google 's Oyama said .
Smith 's measure also grants the U.S. attorney general sweeping powers to block the distribution of workarounds , such as the MafiaaFire plugin on the Firefox browser , that let users navigate to sites that have been blacklisted or had their domain name seized .
Smith asked witness Maria Pallante , the U.S. Registrar of Copyrights , what they meant by their testimony that if `` Congress does nothing , '' the `` U.S. copyright system will ultimately fail . ''
`` I do n't think , '' Pallante said , `` that 's an overstatement . ''
It 's not clear how the copyright system is failing given that the Netflix streaming service counts more than 21 million subscribers , accounting for the largest share of peak internet traffic every night ; that YouTube is paying millions out to copyright holders ; and an increasing number of people get their online music from paid and ad-supported services such as Pandora , Spotify , Rdio , Amazon and iTunes .
Photo : Richard Winchell/Flickr
Update to this previous story . The shooter was a black legal immigrant from the Sudan who posted black nationalist and anti-police things on social media . The church members appear to have been white .
Via The Tennessean :
The Nashville shooting that left one woman dead and eight others wounded is now the subject of a federal civil rights investigation .
“ The Memphis FBI Field Office 's Nashville Resident Agency , the Civil Rights Division , and the US Attorney 's Office for the Middle District of Tennessee have opened a civil rights investigation into the shooting at the Burnette Chapel Church of Christ in Antioch , Tennessee , ” said David Boling , spokesperson for the U.S. attorney in Nashville .
“ The FBI will collect all available facts and evidence . As this is an ongoing investigation we are not able to comment further at this time. ” [ … ]
The motive for the attack is still unclear . Samson is a native of Sudan , moving to the United States in 1996 .
Keep reading…
Review and photos by Scott Rubin
Welcome back , friends , to our latest HeroClix unboxing special on Figures.com ! Last time around we took a look at the Uncanny X-Men set , and now we 're back with an expansion laser focused on your friendly neighborhood webslinger : Marvel HeroClix Superior Foes of Spider-Man . It 's been a little over three years since we 've had a Spider-Man themed set and the last one , Amazing Spider-Man , is currently Golden Age so it 's the perfect time . The Marvel universe is also celebrating something of a renaissance of spider characters following the major Spider-Verse storyline and the introduction of fan-favorites like Spider-Gwen , Silk , and others . The new Superior Foes set then obviously includes a few incarnations of Peter Parker as well as their allies and enemies ( both classic and modern ) plus Spider-Verse characters , Superior Foes , Serpent Society , and more . This expansion even includes several figures designed by HeroClix champions ! Finally , but no less important , Superior Foes of Spider-Man will go down in history for introducing the new HeroClix card layout as well as “ sketch variant ” figures in cool black and white with stark white bases .
When you go to your local comic book or game store it 'll be easy to spot the Superior Foes of Spider-Man boosters as they all have the same graphics . The front panel has artwork of some of the Superior Foes themselves with Boomerang , Beetle , Shocker , and Speed Demon in front of Spider-Man . The booster 's sides show off some of the figures and features you 'll find in the set including the Serpent Society and ClixFX bases as well as classic “ Sinister Spider Villains ” and the Superior Foes . Lastly , the back panel sums up what 's inside and points you toward the WizKids Info Network where you can find local venues to play .
As I do in all of my unboxing videos I like to take a look at the brick/boosters then skip over the boring parts like opening each box , turning the figures around , etc . so we can get right to the good stuff . Without further ado let 's check out the unboxing of a brick of Superior Foes of Spider-Man ( and scroll down for more info and a photo gallery of the figures we pulled here ) !
Here 's the breakdown of the figures in this brick ( your results will vary of course ) :
COMMONS ( including duplicates )
001 Spider-Man
002 Black Mamba [ sketch ]
003a NYPD Officer
004 Cape Killer
005 Thug
006 J. Jonah Jameson
007 Betty Brant
008 Spider-Girl [ standard AND sketch ]
009 Rattlers
010 Green Goblin
012 Daggers
013 Stilt-Man
014 Shocker
015 Tarantulae
016 Vermin
UNCOMMONS ( including duplicates )
018 Toxins
019 Mary Jane
020 Silk
022 Death Adder
023a Venom
023b Anti-Venom
024 Cottonmouths
025 Hobgoblins
026 Jackal [ standard AND sketch ]
027 Anacondas
028 Norman Osborn
029 Overdrive
031 Spider-Man
032 Mr. Hyde
RARES
033 Beetle
036 Cloaks
037 Moon Knight
043 Electro
044 Carnage
046 Mephisto
048 Frog-Man [ sketch ]
SUPER RARES
053a Kraven
056 Chameleons
060 Superior Spider-Man
Alright , let 's take a closer look here . First off , we did n't get a chase but we did get a prime and a pretty cool one at that in Anti-Venom ; he 's definitely one of the most interesting in this set alongside the zombified Kraven . Plus we pulled the standard Venom too and it 's always fun to check out what WizKids did to differentiate the prime vs. regular paint job or sculpt . We actually did not one of each common ( missing only Kingpin ) , 14 of the 17 uncommons , 7 rares , and 3 super rares . In that last segment I got really lucky with the classic Kraven , Chameleon as designed by 2014 champion Patrick Yapjoco , and the mighty Superior Spider-Man ! We got at least one of the generics NYPD Officer , Cape Killer , and Thug , and from the awesome new Serpent Society Black Mamba , Rattler , Death Adder , Cottonmouth , and Anaconda . There were 7 Spider-Man Family members vs. 11 members of the Sinister Syndicate .
Looking at some of the special features in Superior Foes of Spider-Man , all of the figures have the new card design . It 's a cool layout that puts all of the information about a figure at the player 's fingertips , including the addition of the full dial printout on the back . It was a controversial move on WizKids ' part but I think it 's going to further lower the bar for new players to enter the game , and the “ pros ” are going to continue memorizing dials anyway . This expansion continues to supply some select figures with ClixFX Bases as Uncanny X-Men did before it , though we only saw one here with Superior Spider-Man and their Web marker . Lastly , from this brick I pulled four of the new sketch variant figures ( Black Mamba , Spider-Girl , Jackal , and Frog-Man ) , and for two of them I also got the regular versions . WizKids first introduced black and white comic-style figures in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles set , and in Superior Foes there are sketch versions of EVERY SINGLE figure , even the chases ! I was a bit on the fence about the sketch variants until I saw them in person . They have a lot of character and look great , and they actually include some neat details like the spider logo on Spider-Girl . Plus , players who are artistic can add details and paint them up if they 'd like .
The photos tell the whole story , but this set is full of really nice-looking figures . You 've got Spider people , symbiotes , snake dudes , armored people , and more making this a hugely eclectic mix of colors , poses , and details . I happened to pull most of the more “ calm ” Spider-Family members that are standing and looking tough like Spider-Girl and Silk , though there are more in the set with dynamic poses . Even so , the shared Peter and Miles Spider-Man sculpt gives us an iconic pose with the web-shooting gesture along with some nice web texture . The Serpent Society alone encompasses a great deal of unique figures with crazy color schemes , fun poses , and weird body shapes with tails ( Rattler ) , fins and spines ( Death Adder ) , snake heads ( Cottonmouth ) , elongated arms ( Anaconda ) , and more . [ Side note , if you 're a fan of the Invincible comic series the Serpent Society makes a great stand in for the Lizard League . ]
Street-level and regular humans look good too , with figures like the watchful NYPD Officer , the cocky Thug ( with terrible firearm posture ) , and people like Betty Brant , J. Jonah Jameson , Mary Jane , and Norman Osborn who look like they stepped right off the page . There are lots of cool armored characters showing off their tech including the Cape Killer , Stilt-Man , Overdrive , and Beetle . Then there are just plain awesome-looking minis like the maniacal Green Goblin with pumpkin bomb , the tentacled and fearsome symbiotes Toxin , Venom , Anti-Venom , and Carnage , the absolutely fierce Moon Knight , Mephisto sitting on their hellish throne , the cool mirror effect and presentation of Chameleon , and Superior Spider-Man leaping into the fray with their spider-arms !
By now there have been plenty of Superior Foes previews from WizKids , a couple major unboxings by Scott Porter and others , and the pre-release events in Europe so players who really want to know dials of figures before they get them can find them online . With that being said , we wanted to highlight a few of our favorite characters and figures in this set so you can see the cool stuff they do as well as the new card layouts . First up is Stilt-Man , the mechanical monstrosity who gains in power the taller they are ! A base 50 points gets you the villain with no range , the Sinister Syndicate team ability , and one Leg Extension… though you can pay 5 points for each additional set you 'd like to add . With two sets they are a Giant and with four or more he 's a Colossal ! Even better , theirs “ I Know This May Sound Funny… But I Ca n't Feel My Legs ” trait lets you remove a Leg Extension instead of taking damage from an attack and try to roll to avoid taking one unavoidable damage . Stilt-Man 's base four-click dial is all Force Blast , Quake , Toughness , and a special power that lets them ( when Colossal ) be placed where they can make a close attack against someone who attacked them or damaged an ally since your last turn !
Next up is the mysterious Cloak , partner to Dagger and friend of Spider-Man , the original Runaways , and more . Cloak and Dagger actually got their superpowers from bad people experimenting on them with drugs , which is totally not cool . Cloak 's latest entry in HeroClix is a team-friendly 35 points with no range , the Spider-Man Ally team ability , Improved Movement ignoring just about everything , and a trait giving them Carry , letting them carry Dagger AND another character , and giving them the ability to teleport Dagger adjacent to them from up to 10 squares away ( and in line of fire ) with a power action . Like Stilt-Man above Cloak has a straightforward dial ; their four clicks all have Stealth , they have two clicks of Defend and then two of Super Senses , and they rock solid zero damage with a special power granting them Shape Change and dealing one penetrating damage on close attacks instead of printed damage .
Moving to one the coolest , if not craziest , heroes in the Marvel universe we 've got the rare Moon Knight ! This latest version of Marc Spector is 90 points with a 5 range , Improved Movement ignoring elevated terrain , and a trait that describes their Tribute token mechanic ; they get one every time they damage an enemy and you can remove one to heal them a click or two when he 's KO 'd to bring them back to their last click . Moon Knight 's dial has horseshoe-shaped movement , attack , and defense tracks with the latter mirrored from beginning to end . Meanwhile , their damage is solid 3s until a bump to 4 on their last click . Marc begins and ends their dial with Running Shot while switching to Flurry in the middle , and their entire dial is protected by Toughness . Their first four clicks have a special power that bumps their attack by +1 for each enemy that can see him , and their last two clicks offer Close Combat Expert .
Our last preview today is the super rare Superior Spider-Man . One of the more hefty figures in the set , this amalgamation of Peter and Otto clocks in at 125 points with a 4 range , Improved Movement ignoring hindering terrain and characters , and a trio of traits . The first gives them Flurry with built-in Probability Control AND a debuffed -1 to defense for those they hit . The second is the familiar “ Call in Help from the Spider-Verse ” that appears on several figures in this set ; when Superior Spider-Man hits an enemy you can roll a d6 and if you roll high enough you can place a friendly Spider-Man Family ally adjacent . Last is “ Spider 's Web ” which governs the use of the figure 's Web marker to lock down one hit enemy at a time . “ Superior ” here has generally good stats with great defense , four clicks of 18 and then three of 17 . They have a full dial of movement powers starting with Charge and progressing through Sidestep and then Leap/Climb , while three starting clicks of Super Strength give way to mid-dial Precision Strike . Defensively Spider-Man has top-loaded Super Senses and a back-dial special power granting Super Senses , Toughness , and Willpower ! Lastly , the figure 's damage track begins with Shape Change , switches to a long mid-dial run of Leadership , and finishes off with Outwit .
So there you have our look at a brick of Marvel HeroClix Superior Foes of Spider-Man ! You only have a little over a week to get your hands on this really cool set as hits stores everywhere August 10th . Spider-Man fans , players nostalgic or looking forward to running the Serpent Society , and even just fans of cool miniature figures need to pick up some boosters of this expansion , and just wait till you see these sketch variants !
Visit HeroClix.com for even more info as well as downloads of rules and maps , and stay tuned to Figures.com as we continue our reviews of new HeroClix !
Review and photos by Scott Rubin
Review samples courtesy of WizKids Games
[ gallery_bank type= ” images ” format= ” masonry ” title= ” true ” desc= ” false ” responsive= ” true ” display= ” all ” sort_by= ” random ” animation_effect= ” bounce ” album_title= ” true ” album_id= ” 94″ ]
Keep up with all the latest toy news by following Figures.com on Facebook and Twitter !
To buy action figures , take a look at BigBadToyStore.com , TheToySource.com , Toynk.com , BriansToys.com , ToyWiz.com , and EntertainmentEarth.com .
Colombia 's health minister on Wednesday raised the national controversy bar , announcing on national TV they were an atheist , saying they would pursue legal abortion and challenging the moral validity of Christianity .
Health Minister Alejandro Gaviria 's proverbial coming out of the atheist closet created quite the controversy as abortion is both executed illegally and disapproved of , in a country where religious freedom barely celebrated it 's 25th anniversary .
Until 1991 , Catholicism was not just the state religion , it was n't free to register a church of any faith other than the one ordained from Rome . The education system was run by the Colombian Episcopal Conference , a.k.a . “ The Church . ”
Since the 1991 constitution , other religions have become increasingly accepted and in a 2015 poll , 18 % of Colombians said not to be religious .
Nevertheless , the 82 % majority remains religious , some very .
Television network Caracol 's headline , ” I 'm atheist , but respectful , ” indicated the minister would launch their new book , “ Someone 's got ta bring up the opposite , ” nicely . They did n't .
Then again , the bible is also not always nice .
And as they liked not to have God in their knowledge , God delivered them up to a reprobate sense , to do those things which are not convenient ; Being filled with all iniquity , malice , fornication , avarice , wickedness , full of envy , murder , contention , deceit , malignity , whisperers , detractors , hateful to God , contumelious , proud , haughty , inventors of evil things , disobedient to parents , foolish , dissolute , without affection , without fidelity , without mercy . Who , having known the justice of God , did not understand that they who do such things , are worthy of death ; and not only they that do them , but they also that consent to them that do them .
Holy Bible
Gaviria stressed that “ the history of religion has been very violent . ”
The last time an alleged witch was burned in Colombia was in 2012 when citizens of a village in the Antioquia province reportedly burned a 47-year-old woman claiming they had bewitched neighbors
The minister was also frustrated over undue religious interference in politics , explicitly by the Inspector General 's Office when Alejandro Ordoñez was chief , or “ king ” as they liked to call it .
At the ministry I 've had to take up two quite complex fights . One was about the HPV vaccines that some religious fundamentalist called the promiscuity vaccine . And the other was the battle for the voluntary interruption of a pregnancy as a right of the Colombian woman . ”
Health Minister Alejandro Gaviria
The staunch Catholic “ was almost on a crusade against honest officials who wanted to implement what had been stipulated by the Constitutional Court ” as Inspector General from 2009 until they were removed in 2016 , the minister said .
Gaviria went on to say that they would continue to “ combat for ” causes like legal abortion as a woman 's right “ also through public policies , ” stressing Colombia 's boggling illegal abortion statistics .
“ According to the available statistics , and they are not very exact , there are approximately between 300,000 and 400,000 illegal abortions a year . We have one of the most sophisticated legal frameworks in Latin America . We could have prevented a lot of deaths and human suffering . ”
Health Minister Alejandro Gaviria
The minister then went on confirming “ you have to doubt the soul savers , ” explaining that “ society should be based on diversity , in which we can all think differently . And when one believes they are superior to the rest and that what they do is a labor of moral purification , that 's when the problems begin . ”
Having been accused of abusing public office for personal purposes and challenged about their moral convictions , the hard-right Ordoñez took to Twitter .
“ Would you leave your health and your education in the hands of an atheist ? ” Ordoñez asked rhetorically in a nine-point rebuttal of Gaviria 's accusations and rejection of their absence of faith .
3 . ¿Dejaría usted la salud de su familia y la educación de sus hijos en manos de un ateo ? pic.twitter.com/WxVH0YqeAW — Alejandro Ordóñez ( @ A_OrdonezM ) April 19 , 2017
“ Colombia is a religious country and does n't deserve atheist ministers who promote the culture of death , ” they told their 60,000 followers .
“ At least he 's not corrupt like the rest , ” a presumed atheist responded .
“ My father , Jose Ovidio Gonzalez was an atheist and you used your post to extend their suffering . It was just that my dad had more balls , ” popular cartoonist “ Matador ” said , referring to the assisted suicide of their father Ordoñez had tried to prevent .
Señor Ordóñez mi papá José Ovidio González era ateo y usted utilizó su cargo para alargar su sufrimiento . Sólo que mi papá tenía más huevos . — matador ( @ matadoreltiempo ) April 19 , 2017
The Catholic Church did not respond to the minister . The Colombian Episcopal Conference , however , is set to hold its Annual Meeting for the Defense of Life , this time about “ the dignity of the human being , the criteria of respect for life , for peace and for reconciliation . ”
Eater restaurant critic Ryan Sutton heroically visited and revisited the three eateries atop One World Trade Center . ( Considering there 's a $ 32 entrance fee each time , that 's some effort . ) One Cafe , One Mix , and One Dine are located within One World Observatory , part of the three-level observation deck and `` entertainment experience '' on the 101st , 102nd and 103rd floors of the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere . They laid out everything you need to know about dining at One World Tradeand ultimately concluded that `` you probably should n't eat at any of them . ''
More World Trade Center coverage :
Previewing One World Observatory and Its Extraordinary Views
Clouds Greet One World Observatory 's First Public Visitors
Spend a Day on the Highest Floor of One World Trade Center
It goes without saying that the views are stellar , even on a cloudy day , but the food and the overall experience ... they do n't really compare to Windows on the World , atop the old North Tower .
To summarize Sutton 's extensive analysis , it 's pricey ( a bottle of water is $ 5.44 with tax , and that 's just the beginning ) , the food is n't even that greatlikened to `` corporate catering , '' it 's merely `` expensive food without a narrative . ''
The thought of an out-of-towner writing off New York 's great dining scene after a shake down at our city 's most recognizable new building is a notion that should trouble us all . The restaurants at One World Trade are n't so many ambassadors for our shiny and safe city as they are shady hustlers on a street corner . If Windows on the World , when it opened in 1976 , served as a glimpse to the rosy future of New York , the concessions at One World Trade represent a retreat to its soiled past .
Head over to Eater NY for the full review .
· Everything You Need to Know About Dining at One World Trade [ Eater NY ]
· Previewing One World Observatory and Its Extraordinary Views [ Curbed ]
· Clouds Greet One World Observatory 's First Public Visitors [ Curbed ]
· Spend a Day on the Highest Floor of One World Trade Center [ Curbed ]
· All One World Observatory coverage [ Curbed ]
· All One World Trade Center coverage [ Curbed ]
EOS ICO -Maybe I am Just an Idiot
The EOS ICO starts tomorrow and boy does it have me feeling like an idiot . Really , either they are full of crap or I am an idiot . I am not one to claim to understand the technical aspects of the blockchain beyond a beginner level , but I have been following and writing about Initial Coin Offerings and their structures and this one has me scratching my head .
I apologize in advance as I am going to be quoting content from the Whitepaper and terms of coin purchase for the ICO , but feel free to skip to my comments if you like because most of what I quote will be crap .
EOS – What They Have to Offer
I will quote two parts of the whitepaper here and I am going to assume that what they are telling us is the truth . I am not saying that the technology that they claim they can provide is not achievable . So here is the abstract from the beginning and the conclusion of the whitepaper :
“ Abstract : The EOS.IO software introduces a new blockchain architecture designed to enable vertical and horizontal scaling of decentralized applications . This is achieved by creating an operating system-like construct upon which applications can be built . The software provides accounts , authentication , databases , asynchronous communication and the scheduling of applications across hundreds of CPU cores or clusters . The resulting technology is a blockchain architecture that scales to millions of transactions per second , eliminates user fees , and allows for quick and easy deployment of decentralized applications . ”
“ Conclusion : The EOS.IO software is designed from experience with proven concepts and best practices , and represents fundamental advancements in blockchain technology . The software is part of a holistic blueprint for a globally scalable blockchain society in which decentralised applications can be easily deployed and governed . ”
From what they are saying in the abstract and conclusion , they have a real project that may revolutionize the blockchain in the future . By the way , the whitepaper was not written for the average Joe as I could n't understand most of it . ( But like I said , maybe I 'm just the idiot . )
TOKEN PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Here are a few quotes from the token purchase agreements with my quick thoughts in-between .
“ EOS TOKENS HAVE NO RIGHTS , USES OR ATTRIBUTES . The EOS Tokens do not have any rights , uses , purpose , attributes , functionalities or features , express or implied , including , without limitation , any uses , purpose , attributes , functionalities or features on the EOS Platform . The company does not guarantee and is not representing in any way to Buyer that the EOS Tokens have any rights , uses , purpose , attributes , functionalities or features . Company will have no control over when , how or whether the EOS.IO Software is adopted or implemented , or how , when or whether the EOS Platform is launched . ”
So let me try and understand this , you are asking me to purchase tokens in a project that will revolutionize the blockchain world , but the tokens have no rights , purpose… .. Also , by the way , do n't forget that the company makes no claim as to whether or not the platform will ever be launched or implemented . Let 's read on :
“ NOT A PURCHASE OF EOS PLATFORM TOKENS . EOS Tokens purchased under this Agreement are not tokens on the EOS Platform . Buyer acknowledges , understands and agrees that Buyer should not expect and there is no guarantee or representation made by Company that Buyer will receive any other product , service , rights , attributes , functionalities , features or assets of any kind whatsoever , including , without limitation , any cryptographic tokens or digital assets now or in the future whether through receipt , ”
Sounds like more protecting the company from the buyer expecting anything , just in case nothing comes of the project . So far sounds like a great plan .
Acceptance of Agreement and Purchase of EOS Tokens
( Please excuse the CAPS , that 's how they wrote it.The Bold is mine )
“ Article 1 : ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT AND PURCHASE OF EOS TOKENS
Buyer acknowledges , understands and agrees that Buyer should not expect and there is no guarantee or representation or warranty by Company that : ( a ) the EOS.IO Software will ever be adopted ; ( b ) the EOS.IO Software will be adopted as developed by block.one and not in a different or modified form ; ( c ) a blockchain utilizing or adopting the EOS.IO Software will ever be launched ; and ( d ) a blockchain will ever be launched with or without changes to the EOS.IO Software and with or without a distribution matching the fixed , non-transferable EOS Token balances . Furthermore , EOS Tokens will not have any functionality or rights on the EOS Platform and holding EOS Tokens is not a guarantee , representation or warranty that the holder will be able to use the EOS Platform , or receive any tokens utilized on the EOS Platform , even if the EOS Platform is launched and the EOS.IO Software is adopted , of which there is no guarantee , representation or warranty made by Company . ”
So there is no guarantee that the software will ever be adopted , that I can understand as many ventures do n't succeed . But , if it is successful then there is no guarantee that your tokens will allow you to utilize the platform . Again , I am really sorry if I am missing something , and I must be as I am confused .
“ Article 3 : NO OTHER RIGHTS CREATED
3.1 . No Claim , Loan or Ownership Interest . The purchase of EOS Tokens : ( a ) does not provide Buyer with rights of any form with respect to the Company or its revenues or assets , including , but not limited to , any voting , distribution , redemption , liquidation , proprietary ( including all forms of intellectual property ) , or other financial or legal rights ; ( b ) is not a loan to Company ; and ( c ) does not provide Buyer with any ownership or other interest in Company . ”
So what do the tokens represent ? If the whitepaper was clear on that , maybe I would n't be so confused .
This may be my favorite one :
6.2 . No Representation or Warranty . ( A ) COMPANY DOES NOT MAKE AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES , EXPRESS , IMPLIED OR STATUTORY ; AND ( B ) WITH RESPECT TO THE EOS DISTRIBUTION CONTRACT , THE EOS TOKEN CONTRACT AND THE EOS TOKENS , COMPANY SPECIFICALLY DOES NOT REPRESENT AND WARRANT AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY , EXPRESS , IMPLIED OR STATUTORY , INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION , ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF TITLE , NON-INFRINGEMENT , MERCHANTABILITY , USAGE , SUITABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE , OR AS TO THE WORKMANSHIP OR TECHNICAL CODING THEREOF , OR THE ABSENCE OF ANY DEFECTS THEREIN , WHETHER LATENT OR PATENT .
Just in case we have n't already mentioned that you have no rights , claims , etc , anything that may have seemed like a representation is not and do n't think that you have any rights at all .
EOS Token Sale
So here are the terms of the token sale taken from EOS 's documentation , which will last for 341 days with no price quoted per token !
EOS TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
The EOS Token Distribution will take place over 341 days starting on June 26 , 2017 at 13:00 UTC . One billion ( 1,000,000,000 ) EOS Tokens will be distributed according to the schedule below :
200,000,000 EOS Tokens ( 20 % of the total amount of EOS Tokens to be distributed ) will be distributed during a 5 day period beginning on June 26 , 2017 at 13:00 UTC and ending on July 1 , 2017 at 12:59:59 UTC . 700,000,000 EOS Tokens ( 70 % of the total amount of EOS Tokens to be distributed ) will then be split evenly into 350 consecutive 23 hour periods of 2,000,000 EOS tokens each beginning on July 1 , 2017 at 13:00:00 UTC . 100,000,000 EOS ( 10 % of the total amount of EOS Tokens to be distributed ) will be reserved for block.one and can not be traded or transferred on the Ethereum network .
At the end of the 5 day period and at the end of each 23-hour period referred to above , the respective set number of EOS Tokens set forth above will be distributed pro rata amongst all authorized purchasers , based on the total ether ( “ ETH ” ) contributed during those periods , respectively , as follows :
20 EOS Tokens are available during a period.As an example :
Bob contributes 4 ETH and Alice contributes 1 ETH during the period . The period ends . As a total of 5 ETH were contributed for 20 EOS Tokens during the period , 1 EOS Token will be distributed for every 0.25 ETH contributed . Therefore , Bob receives 16 EOS Tokens and Alice receives 4 EOS Tokens .
If an EOS Platform adopting the EOS.IO Software is launched , the default EOS.IO Software configuration developed by block.one will lock new founders tokens distributed pursuant to such EOS Platform in a smart contract and release 10,000,000 ( 10 % ) of such tokens to block.one at the end of each one-year anniversary of the genesis block over a period of 10 years . The EOS.IO Software configuration of the EOS Platform will be ultimately determined by a third party who initializes a genesis block and starts the EOS Platform .
My Conclusion
In Summary , I have no idea what is going on . The project and technology truly may be the best thing we have seen in decades but what has been represented and explained leaves me feeling like an idiot . I hope its them not me . : - )
Resources
Website
Whitepaper
FOLLOW-UP POSTS :
Are you frustrated that George W. Bush , Dick Cheney and their minions plotted torture tactics , illegal wiretapping , , political manipulation of the Justice Department and other alledgedly unlawful acts inside the White House - and seem to have gotten away with it ? You should be . Are you looking for someone to blame ? How about Ronald Reagan ? Or more accurately , the politicians and members of the media who let Reagan and some key aides - not to mention Reagan 's long-term reputation -- largely get away with one of the worst scandals in White House history .
Because make no mistake , there is a straight line from the great political escape of Ronald Reagan - who went from failed president to near Mt . Rushmore status with the help of a well-oiled myth machine and a national case of amnesia - to the wanton and largely unchallenged lawbreaking at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue under G.W . Bush . The Iran-Contra experience began to solidify the notion that national unity and presidential strength are more important than making sure that presidents or even their key staffers followed the law , and that serious offenses that do n't involve petty matters like sex are merely non-prosecutable `` policy differences . ''
As someone who graduated from college and launched a career in journalism during Reagan 's presidency , I was a little surprised to learn last year - as I researched my book `` Tear Down This Myth : How the Reagan Legacy Has Distorted Our Politics and Haunts Our Future '' - the extent to which everyday Americans do n't remember much about the Iran-Contra affair . I should not have been - after all , there 's a whole generation of American voters who was watching `` The Smurfs '' on Saturday morning when the Gipper was in the White House . But the Iran-contra affair was nothing less than a major subversion of the U.S. Constitution . Democrats in Congress had passed a measure called the Boland Amendment that barred military aid to right-wing rebels in Central America , a lethal pet project of Team Reagan . To undermine that ban , administration aides secretly traded weapons to our supposed adversaries in Iran , seeking to free Middle Eastern hostages , reaped illegal profits from the deals and used those to fund the anti-Communist rebels , in defiance of Congress .
When the scheme unraveled , there were televised hearings , and there was expressed outraged - and one-third of Americans told pollsters that Reagan should resign as Richard Nixon had done a decade earlier . But the '70s were a very different time - members of Congress in both parties took very seriously their job in investigating and then holding impeachment hearings over the Watergate break-in , the cover-up and related offenses . But the aftermath frightened many Americans , who linked the bad news of the later 1970s , from Arab oil embargoes to stagflation to the fall of Saigon and the Iran hostages , to a weakened presidency .
Thus , there was a pre-determined notion not to go after Reagan too hard , especially because many in Congress worried that old age ( the Gipper was 76 in 1987 ) had diminished Reagan 's capacities . As I write in `` Tear Down This Myth '' :
As the new Speaker of the House in 1987 , Texan Jim Wright would have been tasked to oversee the impeachment of Reagan , and they candidly admitted a few years after the fact that they just did n't have the stomach for that , and that the congressional investigations of Iran-Contra that did take place were therefore rushed . `` I hoped there would not be the discovery of an impeachable offense , '' Wright told reporters in 1993 . `` I did n't want to focus on such a divisive subject . I may have bent over backwards in error . '' In 1990 , legendary investigative reporter Seymour Hersh wrote a lengthy investigation of the Iran-Contra probe , focused on how the rules and timing were rigged to avoid finding any culpability for Reagan . Hersh explained the ground rules , set down two months before Reagan themselves came clean on what they knew . `` At an early caucus in January [ 1987 ] , according to one participant , the Senators reached one easy consensus . 'We did n't want to go after the president , ' the participant said . 'He was too old , ' with too little time left in office . The Senators `` honestly thought the country did n't need another Watergate . They were urgently hoping to avoid a crisis . There was another consensus , the participant added : the President did not have the mental capacity to understand what had happened . ''
Few imagined that the Iran-Contra scandal would fade from the American consciousness , but it did , to the extent that the Reagan Library in Simi Valley , Calif. , gets away with no mention at all in any of its expansive exhibit spaces . The thing is , it was one easy step from the non-impeachment to the decision by Reagan 's successor George H.W . Bush , who had some links to the scandal as the Gipper 's vice president , to pardon some key figures like former Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger . By now , the modern template was beginning to take shape , that it was a bad idea to go after White House officials including the president on `` policy matters , '' even if a policy was in clear violation of the law -- as would be the case with torture directives a generation down the road .
Instead , politicians and the press could focus on the seemingly non-partisan ( though not really ) less murky `` objective lie '' - the issue that led to the impeachment of Bill Clinton in the Monica Lewinsky scandal , which had none of the Constitutional nor global implications of Iran-Contra . By the time of the Bush outrages , there were now layers of reasons not seriously investigate them -- that - ironically - the Lewinsky experience had soured Congress ( but not citizens ) on impeachment , and also the notion that Bush could just pardon wrongdoers , maybe even himself , anyway . Now , with a new president who wants to `` look forward , '' it appears highly unlikely that anyone will be ever prosecuted for the Bush offenses , and even more down-to-earth Truth Comission plan is drawing opposition from Congress that it might hurt the American economy .
NEW YORK – Ron Prosor , Israel 's ambassador to the United Nations says Jerusalem believes diplomacy is the preferred course to resolve the current nuclear standoff with Iran .
“ We should really pursue and focus on the sanctions and the diplomatic elements in trying to bring the regime in Tehran to reassess the way they want to go forward , ” explained the Israeli diplomat .
The emphasis on the diplomatic option would appear to be a shift toward the position of the Obama administration which has stressed stepping up the diplomatic and economic pressure on the regime of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
“ We are very keen , very clear in saying there is still a lot to be done on the diplomatic front that is not being done . … It is a pity that this has taken so much time . … But , I think the sanctions , especially those on the central bank of Iran , can be very effective . We have to pursue that , ” said Prosor in an exclusive interview Friday .
Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu are to meet and confer on a host of topics this week in Washington .
At the same time , AIPAC , the American-Israel Public Affairs Committee , one of the most influential lobbying bodies on Capitol Hill , holds its yearly convention in Washington .
Addressing the conference , Obama said :
“ A nuclear-armed Iran is completely counter to Israel 's security interests . But it is also counter to the national-security interests of the United States . ”
The Obama-Netanyahu meeting comes just ahead of “ Super Tuesday ” which is expected to narrow down the remaining candidates to challenge Obama 's bid for re-election in November .
Israel , Iran and Syria are just a few of the topics under debate and Prosor admitted U.S. presidential politics have impacted on the situation .
“ Israel is a very vibrant democracy and is completely aware of the constraints of an election year . We know from our own experiences what can or can not be done … but , the [ U.S.-Israel ] relationship is so deep and important that it will override anything else . ”
Prosor 's comments came on the heels of recent proclamations by Tehran that it has accelerated its nuclear program by adding a new generation of centrifuges , used to enrich uranium , and raising its current uranium enrichment operation to 20 percent , just shy of the amount needed for nuclear weapons , according to the Pentagon .
The International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the U.N. atomic watchdog , recently concluded yet another round of meetings in Tehran with no new progress in visiting several controversial Iranian nuclear installations .
Prosor admitted the apparent acceleration of Iran 's nuclear “ research ” has become a major worry for Jerusalem :
“ The Iran nuclear-weapons program is moving forward like a train in the express lane … or if you want the European equivalent … it is like the Eurostar . … It is very fast , it is very clear … it is moving fast in the express lane forward … and the international community at this stage is moving like a local train . … It stops at every station . ”
That , says the Israeli , is a dilemma for the nations across the world :
“ The international community really needs to weigh in and put pressure on the Iranian regime , it has no red line … this is a huge threat to the whole strategic environment . ”
While Israel worries about Iran , it has decided to keep the unraveling situation in neighboring Syria at arms length .
Late last week , the U.N. and the Arab League saw its efforts to defuse the de facto civil war sidelined by Damascus , at least temporarily .
The chief of U.N. humanitarian affairs , Valerie Amos and the newly appointed U.N.-Arab League special envoy , Kofi Annan , were both denied entry to the country . Officially , the Syrian government requested more “ clarifications and details ” on their proposed visits .
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon told reporters they were “ disgusted ” by the Syrian stall tactics and demanded both officials be admitted “ immediately . ”
Prosor made it quite clear Israel intends to steer clear of any direct involvement in the Syrian conflict up to and including the acceptance of any refugees :
“ Iran , in a sense , is sending its tentacles into Syria .. … It is not a secret that the Iranians are in Damascus helping out the regime of Bashar al-Assad to slaughter their own people . … Israel should not be on the front line on this , we should not be in a situation to make points or score points . It goes way beyond that . No one should be able to use the humanitarian situation for their own interests . ”
Iran 's United Nations mission refused to offer any reaction to the Israeli ambassador 's comments .
ORLAND PARK ( STMW ) - Police are asking for the public 's help finding a 41-year-old man who has been reported missing from southwest suburban Orland Park .
James Keller 's family reported them missing at 6:40 p.m. Saturday , according to a statement from Orland Park police . They had not seen or been able to contact Keller for a few days , and they had not reported for work at the Target store in Orland Park .
Keller was last seen in the family 's home about 12:30 p.m. on Feb. 3 , police said . Later that afternoon , they were seen getting dropped off by a cab in the 12200 block of Harlem Avenue in Palos Heights .
They are described as a 5-foot-11 , 220-pound white man with brown hair and blue eyes . They were last seen wearing an orange shirt and gray pants .
Keller does not have a vehicle and suffers from alcoholism , police said . They have a history of disappearing for extended periods of time . In March 2014 , they went missing for 10 days and was found in a Mokena hotel .
Anyone with information about their whereabouts is asked to call police at ( 708 ) 349-4111 .
Kevin Closson is a principal specialist solutions architect at Amazon Web Services .
At Amazon Web Services ( AWS ) , we take the Amazon Leadership Principles to heart . One such principle is that leaders Earn Trust . Although this principle guides how leaders should act , I like to extend the idea into how we can help customers enjoy more trust and assurance in their deployment choices as they move to cloud computing with Oracle Database in the AWS Cloud .
Amazon Relational Database Service ( Amazon RDS ) is a managed database service that currently offers a choice of six database engines . Amazon RDS for Oracle is an Oracle Database managed service . It lets Oracle practitioners relinquish many of the administrative tasks related to the “ care and feeding ” of an Oracle Database deployment , to free up more time to focus on adding value in the application space . At AWS , we refer to this “ care and feeding ” as undifferentiated heavy lifting .
All Oracle DBAs know how much heavy lifting is involved in the day-to-day administration of their Oracle Database deployments . Moreover , they know the heavy lifting that 's involved with maintenance tasks such as patching , backup and restore , and storage management . Time spent on these DBA tasks takes away from time they can spend focusing on applications . And , after all , it 's applications that help differentiate an enterprise from the competition .
Amazon RDS for Oracle offers a large variety of deployment options , ranging from the underlying EC2 instance and storage types to availability and security options . This post focuses on storage , so we will introduce a method for testing the underlying storage of an Amazon RDS for Oracle instance .
Which I/O testing tool is best ?
The underlying storage for RDS instances is Amazon Elastic Block Store ( Amazon EBS ) . The User Guide for Amazon EBS offers a helpful section on benchmarking Amazon EBS volumes . The tools that are mentioned in the EBS User Guide are a ) fio , and b ) Orion . Both of these tools are useful for testing . However , neither are functional for testing I/O on RDS instances because they both require direct file system access . So , what is the best option for testing physical I/O with Amazon RDS for Oracle ? Although it depends on what sort of testing you want to conduct , something as simple as the DBMS_RESOURCE_MANAGER.CALIBRATE_IO package might suffice . However , there are considerations where CALIBRATE_IO is concerned .
The CALIBRATE_IO package of Oracle Database is a necessary package for DBAs . The data gathered and stored internally by the CALIBRATE_I O procedure affects such features as Automatic Degree of Parallelism ( Auto DOP ) when you are using the Parallel Query Option . That said , CALIBRATE_I O is often referred to as an I/O “ bounds test. ” When CALIBRATE_IO is probing for maximum random single-block read throughput and latency , it does so at full throttle . That is , CALIBRATE_IO ca n't help you detect how predictable I/O latencies are as the I/O demand ramps up . Consider , for example , Figure 1 . Figure 1 shows example output from an execution of the CALIBRATE_IO procedure while attached to an Amazon RDS for Oracle instance . This instance is deployed in a db.m4.10xlarge instance-type that 's backed with 6,144 GB Provisioned IOPS ( input/output operations per second ) volume with 30,000 IOPS provisioned .
Figure 1 : Example CALIBRATE_IO output
As Figure 1 shows , CALIBRATE_IO was able to drive single block read IOPS ( 8 KB ) to within 97.6 percent of the 30,000 provisioned . Further , CALIBRATE_IO showed that the average latency was 1 millisecond . However , that begs the question of whether the average is precisely 1 millisecond or a rounded number . Further , an administrator in a tuning exercise would be left wondering what the effect of I/O queueing had on this average .
It turns out that , indeed , CALIBRATE_IO is producing a rounded integer value that represents the latency it measures ( in milliseconds ) , as shown in the package definition in $ ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/admin/dbmsrmad.sql . Rounding to the nearest millisecond is not accurate enough for today 's latency-sensitive database processing . In today 's latency-sensitive world , rounding to integer values is simply not sufficient information . So what about the effect of I/O queueing on the CALIBRATE_IO results in Figure 1 ? Figure 2 shows I/O queueing data from the CALIBRATE_IO test depicted in Figure 1 .
Figure 2 shows how CALIBRATE_IO is a full-throttle I/O generator . This means that there is no information about latency and queueing as I/O demand increases . CALIBRATE_IO comes out of the gate , as it were , full throttle with no ramp-up . Lacking in data for IOPS rates at lower demand ( e.g. , 2,000 or 10,000 IOPS ) leaves the administrator with insufficient information . Learning something about your system at maximum-state processing leaves questions unanswered .
Figure 2 : CloudWatch metrics – Read latency and queue depth during CALIBRATE_IO test
So if CALIBRATE_IO is necessary for supplying internal information to functionality such as Auto DOP , but it 's not sufficient for robust and accurate testing of physical I/O , what is an Oracle Database administrator to do ?
AskTOM
For decades , Oracle database administrators have turned to the venerable AskTOM website for answers to questions , such as which tools to test with . In the not-too-distant past , an Oracle user submitted a question about tools for testing storage IOPS with Oracle Database . Figure 3 shows the answer , as provided by the AskTOM folks .
Figure 3 : AskTOM on the topic of I/O testing tools
Testing with SLOB
SLOB is also known as The Simple Database I/O Testing Toolkit for Oracle Database . SLOB is very simple and accurate and contains features that allow for more sophisticated I/O testing than what is provided by a simple bounds-testing tool such as CALIBRATE_IO or Orion . SLOB is freeware and available to the public on the SLOB Resources page . Over the years , SLOB has become very popular for testing storage subsystems using Oracle Database . It is not a database benchmark . To the contrary , SLOB uses Oracle Database to test the underlying system 's ability to deliver predictable IOPS at favorable latency . To read more about how pervasive SLOB has become for testing systems by industry vendors , see the SLOB Use Cases By Industry Vendors page . To see how simple SLOB is to deploy , see the Step-by-Step SLOB Installation page .
Important : The SLOB toolkit is capable of demanding all physical I/O bandwidth available from an RDS for Oracle instance and should therefore not be executed on production systems . As per the documentation , SLOB creates users ( schemas ) in the database and both tables and indexes in the specified tablespace . The setup script also generates a cleanup script called drop_users.sql , which can be used to properly clean up after testing with SLOB .
Example testing results
To show the type of I/O testing that is possible with SLOB , a simple test was conducted , and both screenshots and raw data were captured . This section includes those results .
To prepare for the test , we created a 1 TB SLOB database in an Amazon RDS for Oracle instance ( db.m4.10xlarge instance type ) backed with a 6,144 GB Provisioned IOPS EBS volume with 30,000 IOPS provisioned . After loading the database as per the SLOB documentation , we conducted a series of read-only SLOB tests .
To show the scale-up relationship between increasing IOPS and I/O queueing , the test cycle increased the number of direct-connected Oracle Database sessions from 1 to 50 . Each session executed zero think-time SQL calls to the database , which generates random , single-block ( 8 KB ) reads from the database data files that are stored on the EBS volume .
We used the following simple sequence of bash commands to produce the test results :
for sessions in { 1 .. 50 } do sh ./runit.sh –s 1 –t $ sessions mv awr.txt awr.txt. $ sessions done
Figure 4 shows pertinent graphs from a screenshot of the RDS for Oracle dashboard with Enhanced Monitoring enabled after the test cycle concluded .
Figure 4 : RDS for Oracle I/O data during SLOB testing
As Figure 4 shows , a scale-up SLOB test from 1 to 50 sessions allows for scrutiny of important I/O fundamentals , such as the average queue depth and I/O waits ( a representation of host-level I/O latency ) . In stark contrast to what CALIBRATE_IO revealed from the same system ( see Figure 2 ) , SLOB testing allows you to earn trust in the predictable nature of physical I/O on Provisioned IOPS EBS volumes . Clearly , latency only increased to the 1-millisecond level as the IOPS rate neared the provisioned limit for the volume ( 30,000 ) but started out below 500 microseconds . As the number of sessions performing zero think-time reads increased , I/O demand increased .
As you would hope , this style of testing shows that I/O service times are faster at lower IOPS rate and only increase in a predictable curve commensurate with the increase of IOPS . That was indeed the case .
Figure 4 also shows how IOPS remains flat and queue depth increases predictably after the number of zero think-time sessions drives IOPS to the 30,000 limit . It 's important to note that I/O demand beyond the 30,000 limit for this volume does not result in a pathology . Instead , piling on more requests for random I/O simply results in queueing . It 's often helpful to ensure that even a system driven to subsystem limits behaves predictably as depicted by linear , upward-sloping graphs—free of any anomalous spikes .
Oracle internal performance data
All Oracle Database practitioners know that host-level metrics—while important—are not the end-all , say-all when it comes to system performance . To the contrary , Oracle Database internal metrics represent the view of the world as experienced by the applications that are connected to the database instance .
As per SLOB documentation , the kit optionally generates STATSPACK or Automatic Workload Repository ( AWR ) reports—in text format . Additionally , the kit includes a script to post-process AWR reports in a way that generates delimited data that can easily be pasted into a spreadsheet for graphing . The tool for post-processing is called awr_info.sh .
Figure 5 shows a graph generated by the data harvested from the AWR reports that were collected during the scale-up test depicted in Figure 4 . Figure 5 shows DB File Sequential Read events per second along with the average wait times for these single-block ( 8 KB ) physical reads .
Figure 5 : AWR Data – Scale-UP I/O testing with Amazon RDS for Oracle
Summary
In this post , we set out to introduce a testing toolkit and method that you can use to develop trust in the predictable performance offered by the Amazon RDS for Oracle instances that you configure . Testing in the manner shown in this post is a good way to ensure that you have a rich understanding of the instances that you configure—before going live with applications .
An Israeli ministerial committee has approved a law sharply criticised by human rights groups as it would allow the imprisonment of Palestinian children as young as 12 .
Authorised by Israel 's Ministerial Committee for Legislation on Sunday , the bill could enable Israel to impose jail terms for children aged 12 years or above , who are found guilty of `` nationalistic-motivated '' violent offences - including murder , attempted murder and manslaughter .
The bill still needs to be passed by Israel 's parliament , the Knesset , in order to become a law .
Israeli army under fire over arrests of Palestinian children
According to rights groups , the proposed law will in effect impact Palestinian children in occupied East Jerusalem and those who carry Israeli citizenship and live in cities , towns and villages across the country .
Until now , Palestinian children in East Jerusalem could not be imprisoned unless they are 14 or older .
`` Israel 's [ civilian ] penal laws are becoming more and more similar to military laws in the occupied West Bank , '' Rafat Sub Laban , advocacy unit coordinator at the Addameer Prisoner Support Network , told Al Jazeera .
While Israel has placed occupied East Jerusalem under its civilian law , the rest of the occupied West Bank is under military rule .
Israeli military courts are already able to try and imprison Palestinian children 12 years and older in the West Bank , as long as they do not carry Israeli-issued Jerusalem residency permits .
RELATED : Oz - Israel 's prison for Palestinian children
Anat Berko , an Israeli legislator from the hardline right-wing Likud party , introduced the bill .
On Sunday , they told the committee that `` Palestinians recruit minors while knowing that Israeli law does not have a real response '' to Palestinian children accused of nationalist-motivated offences , according to the Jerusalem Post .
Israeli Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked , a member of the ultra-nationalist Jewish Home party , announced their support for the bill in a statement on Sunday .
Shaked said that there were `` many cases where serious crimes , including murder , attempted murder , and manslaughter were carried out by minors under 14 '' .
Israel 's signing of the Convention on the Rights of the Child treaty makes it bound to respect international law , explained Brad Parker , a lawyer at Defence for Children International ( DCI ) - Palestine .
`` This bill is an apparent response to criminal attacks that have allegedly been carried out by young Palestinians and is a clear attempt to criminalise and punish the alleged attackers , '' Parker told Al Jazeera .
`` But this proposed bill appears to prioritise the criminalisation and punishment of children in complete disregard of international law .
`` As violence has escalated in the past few months , we see policies and practices that contravene international law being codified by the Israeli government . ''
In a measure that harshly impacts children , the Knesset recently approved a three-year minimum sentence for Palestinian Jerusalemites convicted of throwing stones .
RELATED : Israeli courts convict hundreds of Palestinian children
Since the outset of 2014 , Parker said that Israeli forces have `` increasingly use [ d ] excessive force against Palestinian children , including live ammunition and physical violence during arrests '' .
A July 2015 DCI-Palestine report found that least 53 percent of Palestinian children in East Jerusalem arrested by Israeli forces are subjected to violence , while 86 percent are coerced into signing confessions in Hebrew , a language they do not know .
The new bill also comes on the heels of uproar in Israel over Ahmed Manasrah , a 13-year-old Palestinian who was critically injured after being shot while allegedly attempting to stab an Israeli in Jerusalem last month .
Their 15-year-old cousin Hassan was shot dead during the incident .
A video of Ahmed being interrogated by Israeli police later emerged on the internet , depicting the interrogators questioning them in an ostensibly threatening manner . One officer tells the child to `` shut up '' and that they `` will show you ... if you do n't answer '' .
The boy 's lawyer and family deny that they were trying to stab an Israeli at the time they were shot . Their next hearing in a Jerusalem court will come on November 26 .
Israeli police accused of child torture
Recent months have seen anger boil over into unrest as Palestinians protest against Israel 's ongoing occupation in Palestinian communities inside Israel and across the occupied West Bank , including East Jerusalem , and the Gaza Strip .
Amid growing tensions , Israeli forces arrested 1,197 Palestinians - including 177 children - in October alone , according to the Ramallah-based human rights group Al-Haq .
Last month , Israel opened a new interrogation and detention centre for Palestinian children in the Jabal al-Mukaber neighbourhood of East Jerusalem .
`` Arrests are being used by Israeli occupation forces as a punitive measure '' to retaliate against Palestinians for protesting Israeli policy , said Addameer 's Sub Laban .
At least 320 of the 6,700 Palestinians currently in Israeli lock-up are children , as documented by Addameer .
Since October 1 , Israeli forces or settlers have killed 94 Palestinians , including unarmed protesters , bystanders and alleged attackers . Meanwhile , 16 Israelis were killed by Palestinian attackers .
At least 21 of the Palestinians killed during that period were minors , according to the Palestinian Authority 's Ministry of Health .
Follow Patrick Strickland on Twitter : @ P_Strickland_
The question “ are games art ? ” is usually answered not by looking at the game as a whole , but rather its more conventionally artistic components . It 's easier to critique a game 's graphics , music , and writing separately , using conventional rules .
And that makes sense : games are multimedia experiences , separate pieces of art glued together to make a new piece of art . But instead of looking at the pieces , we should look at the glue .
Because games are experiential , a major ingredient in that glue is what the player feels while playing . There 's obviously the important bits - fun and challenge - but there 's also fear , frustration , delight , and triumph . While they may watch characters experience those emotions ( as in a film ) , they also experience them directly . Because of that , games blur the lines between performer and audience in ways other mediums simply can not .
id Software 's Quake , with its pioneering 3D technology and signature art style , is a prime example . Its simple mechanics and barebones story are primitive tools , but in the right hands extract the most important emotions of the horror genre . But most interestingly , it hits on parts of horror that are only possible through a video game .
To say Quake broke ground is an understatement . It was a game of firsts , or at least nearly firsts . There was the engine , an astonishing mound of code that brought 3D graphics to an ordinary home PC . There was also the level design , one of the best uses of verticality in a pre-Super Mario 64 era . Its multiplayer 's stratospheric skill ceiling also ushered in a new era of competitive gaming , effectively creating eSports .
But the idea was old . id Software had just made Doom , a game with a similar premise : you are the strong and silent type , you have lots of guns and move very fast , and everyone wants to kill you . Kill ‘ em back and get to the exit . Both games are first-person shooters , both games feature labyrinthine levels , and both games borrow from a pantheon of horror influences .
But Doom and Quake are actually pretty different games . For one , Doom is laser-focused on combat , whereas Quake encourages more exploration . Doom 's levels run a steady pace , but peak occasionally ; Quake is more stop and go , more off and on .
The aesthetics are distant cousins . Doom is a mashup of sci-fi , demonic horror , and 80s metal . It 's loud and bright , with shiny red demons , multicolored explosions , beams of energy , and glowing green goo . Your character 's avatar grins at you from the bottom of the screen , their blood-covered eyes igniting with rage as you reach low health . As you zoom around , guns blazing , you 're played off by low-rent industrial synth music .
Doom is cheesy . It 's what most games strive to be : fun . But if it 's a grin and a wink , then Quake is a thousand yard stare . It 's mean . It 's difficult and dark , with zero comic relief .
The setting is the main differentiator . Doom took place in real - well , “ real ” - places , with recognizable names : Mars , Hell , Earth . The maps themselves were designed for player enjoyment before realism , so they are not true-to-life , but the roots are in reality .
Quake trades plants and refineries for crumbling castles , dark crypts , and military citadels . The player is told they are visiting “ dark dimensions , ” other planes of existence that benefit from humanity 's aesthetics , but none of its influence . Indeed , these dimensions seem to have no purpose at all , other than to harbor Lovecraftian monsters that annihilate the first creature to walk in . That first creature - your avatar - has no face and the personality of coal .
These chaotic , disorganized collections of death are built with the singular purpose of killing you . Their designs are good for nothing else : the castles were not made to protect , the cities never built to house people . Through their dingy halls , squelches , roars , and rattles echo in the darkness . Wherever you are , you are not safe , and you are very far from home .
A core element of good horror is a sense of unease , of wrongness . You do this by messing with your characters ' ( and viewers ' ) sense of safety . In the real world , we get spooked by the dark but end up home safe . In horror , home is no longer there , and the people who protect us no longer protect us . We 're vulnerable and alone . Quake does this with its setting .
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre ( 1974 ) had a similar trick : a small town with no name , where stranded visitors are targeted by Leatherface…only to find out that the entire settlement is controlled by their cannibal family . When hope finally arrives , it 's in the form of a passing truck driver who picks up the now-hysterical protagonist as Leatherface dances in the sunset .
King 's It ( 1986 ) and 11/22/63 ( 2011 ) use a similar technique of an adversarial setting : the fictional town of Derry , Maine . Derry and the monster that kills its children seem to be intertwined , a place that has achieved sentience . The narrator of 11/22/63 explains the wrongness present in the town , an unnatural energy that puts them ill at ease :
This was the town where Harry Dunning had grown up , and I hated it from the first . No concrete reason , I just did . The downtown shopping area , situated at the bottom of three steep hills , felt pitlike and claustrophobic…running through the center of town was a canal filled almost to the top of its moss-splotched concrete retaining walls with black water .
So while Quake 's setting captures that feeling , it does more than just show it to you : it throws you in . You , the player , are the one experiencing that unease . You feel uncomfortable , and hated , and afraid . You are the one struggling to survive . A film can show that to you , and literature can describe it in a way that is nearly real . Because you interact with Quake , that setting can influence your emotions much more directly .
It 's channeled to the player through the game 's incredible feel . The movement is perfect , and you run so fast that you might as well glide . Your speed allows the game to throw hundreds of monsters at you , to rain grenades from hidden alcoves , to impale you with spikes from mounds of flesh bound to the walls . A good Quake session will make you jump in fear , tense up in anticipation , and slump back in your chair with exhaustion .
Horror fiction reaps obvious benefits from such power , but other games have done it too . When Aeris dies in Final Fantasy VII , you are not just losing a character in a story : you , the player , have lost a valuable lifeline . Aeris is a useful healer , and losing them shakes the player 's sense of confidence . That feeling connects you with the emotion of the game 's story in a way that merely showing it to you can not .
So when someone asks “ are games art ? ” Quake is a surprisingly good example . Its graphics are poor by modern standards ; even at the time , its groundbreaking 3D visuals were more an advancement in gameplay possibilities , rather than realism .
But if art is designed to be an emotional experience , than Quake succeeds magnificently . “ True ” horror games like Resident Evil borrowed little from Quake 's mechanics , but a lot from its presentation : a world of hostility , danger , and uncertainty that can only be appreciated when experienced rather than merely seen .
Perhaps the real question is not “ are games art ? ” but rather “ are we good artists ? ”
Quake is available on Steam and GOG , and can run on virtually any computer . I recommend playing with Quakespasm , a “ source port ” that helps the game run on modern computers .
As a plague wipes out roseau cane , the sturdy marsh grass holding together much of the lower Mississippi River Delta , a different crop of plants is sprouting up . Problem is , they 're flimsy replacements that do little to halt erosion or protect the coast from hurricanes and rising seas .
`` You can really see it here - the cane is gone , '' said state biologist Todd Baker , standing on the bow of a boat in Delta National Wildlife Refuge south of Venice . `` Now all of this is turning to elephant ear . ''
Elephant ear , also known as swamp taro , was introduced to the United States in 1910 from south Asia , possibly as a food crop . It has wide , fragile leaves and weak roots .
`` It does n't do much to control erosion , '' Baker said . A moderate storm or tidal surge can rip the plant out of a marsh .
Roseau , on the other hand , is a living , growing bulwark against land loss . Its extensive root system acts to both `` lift '' and hold soil in place , and its dense concentration of 10-foot stalks catch and hold passing river sediment . Changes in water levels and salinity hardly affect the plant .
Over the past two years , tens of thousands of acres of roseau in southeast Louisiana has been wiped out by a plague of Asian insects . Called scales , the tiny bugs have confounded scientists , who are n't sure how or when they arrived or what can stop them .
The shift from roseau to invasive plants that Baker and others have witnessed in patches , is now being seen on a large scale thanks to recent analysis of satellite and aerial imagery . Research by the Louisiana State University AgCenter is revealing a widespread conversion of roseau to the weaker , non-native plants .
`` We 're seeing a little bit of ( roseau ) , but all the rest has ceded to taro , '' AgCenter biologist Ian Knight said , referring to aerial images of a marsh in south Plaquemines Parish .
A visual guide to the plague killing Louisiana 's roseau cane Foreign insects decimating marshlands that bind the fragile lower Mississippi River Delta
Other images show a dramatic switch in recent months from shaggy , olive-colored roseau to carpets of dark green leaves .
`` That shows a preponderance of hyacinth , '' they said .
Water hyacinth is another foreign invader in Louisiana marshes . The flowering plant came to the state from South America a little over a century ago . It 's now found in most lakes and bayous , where it cuts off sunlight to other plants and robs waterways of oxygen . As a floating plant , it does nothing to prevent erosion .
Elephant ear and water hyacinth provide poor habitat and little food for wildlife . Even introduced species like South American nutria turn their noses at hyacinth .
Elephant ear is even less appealing .
`` I do n't know anything that eats it , '' said Jim Cronin , an LSU wetland scientist .
Roseau is n't a major food source , but it provides critical habitat for nesting birds , shrimp and young fish , including redfish , a favorite of anglers .
The roseau plague is only the latest in a long line of threats to Louisiana 's disappearing coast , where losses have hit a rate of a football field worth of marsh every 100 minutes . Storm surge , rising seas and wetland canals dug by oil and gas explorers are some of the main culprits . The state is pushing a $ 50 billion , 50-year master plan to mitigate further losses . The plan does nothing to address the roseau die-off .
Knight hopes to expand their assessments of satellite imagery and photos taken by airplane and aerial drone . Funding is an issue , though . The AgCenter is leading the state 's response to the die-off , but it has not yet found full funding for its $ 450,000 research and mitigation plan .
AgCenter predictions for the coming year are dire . The scale , which has now spread as far north as Baton Rouge and is making incursions into Mississippi , is expected to hatch a record number of young during the spring .
Tristan Baurick covers Louisiana 's coastal environment for NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune . Email : tbaurick @ nola.com * Twitter : @ tristanbaurick * Facebook : Tristan Baurick and Louisiana Coastal Watch .
The United States and many other nations are confronting a heart-rending problem : The number of kidneys available for transplants falls far short of the need .
While some argue that the way to reduce the growing shortage is to pay living donors for kidneys , either in cash or government benefits , there are many ways to increase the supply without paying for human organs , which is prohibited by the 1984 National Organ Transplant Act and generally opposed by the World Health Organization .
In the United States last year , there were about 16,900 kidney transplants , while the waiting list for kidneys currently exceeds 100,000 patients . The average wait time for a transplant has risen to almost five years ; more than 4,000 people die each year while waiting and a great many more , possibly thousands , become too sick to undergo transplantation and are dropped from the wait lists .
The first step in easing the shortage is to end the current shameful waste of organs .
Hundreds of kidneys taken from deceased donors that are suitable for transplant are discarded every year , probably more than 1,000 some experts say . Surgeons typically hope to transplant a kidney within 24 hours to 36 hours of the time it is recovered and placed on ice for evaluation . Sometimes the clock runs out before a suitable recipient can be found . The United Network for Organ Sharing , which runs the allocation system , will revise its formulas in December in ways that it believes will increase the utilization of donated kidneys and thus reduce wastage .
What 's happening this Monday in Northeast Portland ?
• A
around 1:30 a.m. this morning , near N.E . 9th Avenue and Alberta Street , according to Portland Police .
• No one was injured in
in the 6800 block of Northeast Killingsworth St .
• A
of robbing Paulsen 's Pharmacy in the Hollywood District around 5 p.m. Saturday .
• A
on Northeast 54th Avenue , Portland Firefighters said .
• Parents pushed back Saturday morning
to merge Chief Joseph and Ockley-Green schools to help balance enrollment in the Jefferson High cluster .
• The Black Student Union at
will host the African-American Read-In from 8:20 a.m. to 1:45 p.m. today at the school . The event will feature authors , performers and readers , including a visit from author
.
•
is the guest at the
meeting tonight , where the
, the new neighborhood
, and the
memorial are on the agenda .
• I 'll be at the
meeting tonight for an update on
Plans are being considered to turn the `` Sabin Triangle , '' at Northeast 15th Avenue and Prescott Street , into something more than a paved-over lot with trees . This view is looking north toward Northeast Prescott .
• ``
is a free community conversation that will take place Tuesday at the McMenamins Kennedy School , 5736 N.E . 33rd Ave. , 7 p.m .
• This is technically not in Northeast but so close it does n't matter : On Tuesday , the Business Alliance is hosting
on Mississippi Avenue , starting at Skidmore at 6:30 p.m. Look for food and drink specials , and parade awards at Mississippi Pizza afterwards .
• And if you do n't get enough Mardi Gras at the parade , there 's a Fat Tuesday celebration at
, with Professor Gall , Klezmocracy and MaracaBOOM ! 8 p.m. Tuesday ; 116 N.E . Russell St .
• Thursday is Valentine 's Day and if you have n't made dinner plans yet , you better get cracking . Beast is offering
And if you need some other ideas for where to take your sweetie ,
of restaurant deals .
• The
meets Thursday night .
• Valentine 's Day events continue , with `` Kiss & Tell , '' in which Eric Stern of Vagabond Opera presides true stories about love , featuring
founders Lynne Duddy and Lawrence Howard , plus Enrique E. Andrade and Penny Walter . 8 p.m. Thursday ; Alberta Rose Theater , 3000 N.E . Alberta St. ;
.
• Finally : Last week 's
drew 100 guests and raised more than 1,000 for the
that provides weekend meals to needy children at Woodlawn , Vernon , King , Scott and Clegg schools .
For NE news and events , follow me on
&
.
“ Treating everyone and everything in the same manner , ” sounds fair and seems like the right thing to do—except when you 're talking about wireless networks . Here many different types of services are competing for the same limited amount of bandwidth to reach their respective audiences . When we apply net neutrality principles of the 2015 regulatory framework to wireless networks , such proposed equal treatment of all network traffic could have the unintended effect of interfering with the quality of our communications ( voice and video calls ) as well as our enjoyment of high-definition videos and other streaming content .
That 's because the forced equal treatment of services would increase network congestion—something that threatens the quality of even simple voice calls , not to mention the introduction and growth of amazing new services such as hologram videos , virtual reality and augmented reality .
Such arguments are not new but bear exploring once again as the Federal Communications Commission is expected to vote on December 14 to scale back the net neutrality regulations adopted in 2015 . Given the resistance many are expressing to this decision , it is important to analyze the implications of the blanket application of the network neutrality framework—and to wireless networks in particular .
All Wireless Data Are Not the Same
We particularly like that the FCC is now proposing to , “ Restore the determination that mobile broadband is not a ‘ commercial mobile service ' subject to heavy-handed regulation. ” Essentially , the principles of the 2015 framework aimed to ensure equal treatment of traffic passing through networks . As we explain below , however , wireless networks must treat traffic and users differently in order to provide the best possible service .
One of the primary reasons all of us can enjoy natural-sounding voice calls , high-quality video calls and multimedia messages on our smartphones is that the wireless network works very hard to provide custom quality of service ( QoS ) for each of these services . QoS is quantified by metrics such as the packet error rate and network delay , along with data speed , or rate .
QoS is important because it takes into account the way our human bodies are designed ( ! ) and the expectations that we have as consumers . Our ears can easily tolerate 2 to 3 percent packet error rate but they would notice more than 300 milliseconds of delay ( whether due to the travel of data packets in the wired portion of the service provider 's network or the packet 's wait time at the cell tower ) . In contrast , even a handful of dropped or corrupted data packets would keep Web browsing , e-mail and file downloads from working properly , although those services can tolerate relatively lengthy delays between the smartphone and the servers . Most people would n't notice if , for example , an e-mail delivery was delayed by a few hundred milliseconds .
Prioritizing Data
The wireless network has a complex intelligent scheduling mechanism that considers numerous factors such as the QoS requirements of services , availability of scarce radio resources , such as bandwidth , and radio signal quality to allocate resources . Signal quality can be impacted by , for example , interference resulting from the reuse of the same radio resources , such as a radio channel , by different cell towers . Such interference is unavoidable because radio channel reuse is fundamental to the existence of wireless or cellular communications . As a result , wireless service providers must be able to quickly—as fast as every millisecond—differentiate among signal types in order to efficiently and cost-effectively support different services .
AT & T , Verizon and other wireless service providers optimize precious yet scarce radio resources and differentiate users and services based on QoS requirements and prevailing radio conditions such as interference . For example , the wireless network aims for an aggregate data rate of 50 kilobits per second ( kbps ) and 1 percent packet error rate to enable high-definition voice calls . When the signal carrying your voice becomes weaker or the interference becomes stronger , the cell tower dynamically adjusts transmission parameters to maintain these target QoS parameters of the data and packet error rates .
To do that , the cell tower may add redundancy so that voice packets can be received reliably in the face of these challenges .
If the wireless network were forced to treat all users the same way all the time to adhere to the 2015 regulatory framework 's blanket net neutrality principles , many subscribers would experience an increase in frozen videos , poor voice quality , inaccessible Web sites and call drops . That 's because the wireless network can quickly run out of radio resources ( for example , bandwidth ) when cell phone towers must try to send data at the same rate to all users , regardless of their proximity . Consider two users downloading the same video at the same rate , with one user close to the cell tower and the other far away from it . If the cell tower has a total radio channel bandwidth of 10 megahertz ( MHz ) , the user close by would consume only 1 MHz bandwidth whereas the faraway one could easily require the remaining 9-MHz . In practice , the disparity of resource consumption could be much greater than this factor of 9 .
Networks already prioritize data traffic , even with the 2015 regulatory framework in place . For example , internet provider routers quickly forward packets of delay-sensitive services such as voice but might store e-mail packets in buffers for some time when those routers get busy . As you can see , the complexities of wireless networks sharing different types of data with differing needs make it as difficult to define “ fair access ” as it would be to define a concept such as “ beauty . ”
New Types of Wireless Data on the Way
We are at the doorstep of emerging fifth-generation ( 5G ) cellular technology , which promises to offer amazing services such as hologram videos ( remember Princess Leia 's hologram message in Star Wars ? ) , self-driving cars , augmented/virtual reality and even remote surgery . New services that make the most of 5G 's speed and latency performance will require a flexible network if they are to transform the way we live and revolutionize the world around us . More specifically , 5G networks must adapt to different services ' bandwidth and latency requirements even more than today 's 4G networks do , something that would n't be possible if regulations require all traffic be treated equally .
In a 5G world some companies may focus on providing exceptional services in enhanced mobile broadband ( eMBB ) whereas others may strive to perform exceptional ultra-reliable and low-latency communication ( URLLC ) services . The way data is processed and prioritized for these different business models is going to be quite different . Trying to gauge fair treatment of traffic is not an obvious or feasible goal for a regulatory agency such as the FCC . Rather , consumers will decide if they are getting fair services for their specific needs .
Editor 's Note : The authors have worked as consultants to the wireless industry in the area of network neutrality and other matters related to technical aspects of wireless policy .
In the New York Times , Nobel laureate Paul Krugman recently made the case for a return to the 1950s . Keynes-ian economics was still in vogue and taxes were higher for the super-rich , lots more people were in unions . Minorities and women had a tough time employment-wise but they think the economy was great , despite those recessions of 1953 and 1957 .
Not every American that cares about women , minorities and poor people agrees with Paul Krugman that the decade was all balloons and ponies . One factoid that would have bolstered their case among their detractors is that women were apparently abused a lot less then . Academics at Sam Houston State University conducted a survey for the Crime Victims ' Institute in Texas and correlated women having jobs to relationship violence , and women worked a lot less in the 1950s so therefore domestic violence must have been less . If you do n't agree , you will never have a career in sociology .
In Science Left Behind , numerous chapters are spent debunking attempts to frame ideology as science . In the social sciences , for example , it 's common to find two curves that match and imply causation . The paper academics wrote correlating partner violence to dual incomes is another example of such 'framing ' - in this instance rationalizing inconvenient results by re-configuring them to make a statement about social justice .
They did telephone interviews with 303 women who identified themselves as being currently or recently ( last two years ) in a serious romantic relationship . The names were taken from 700 Texas citizens in the Fourth Annual Texas Crime Victimization Survey . 67 percent of those women ages 18 to 81 said they had been subjected to some form of physical or psychological victimization by their partner during that period . Education levels made no difference , college graduates were just as likely to push , kick or pull a knife on their women , but when both people in the relationship were employed , the percentage of violence was more than double than if the man worked but not the woman .
It means the traditional 1950s nuclear family leads to happiness , right ? Not in sociology . The authors instead concluded that men are insecure if their male authority is challenged by a woman working and those men lash out . We live in a time when only 20 % of families have just a man working . Two generations of dual employment means it is the norm in America . They blame male insecurity instead of obvious money issues and the stress those bring because it matches their cultural agenda .
For example , dual employment was not the big risk factor for violence two years earlier . In their 2010 paper “ Assessing the Risk of Intimate Partner Violence ” , the Crime Victims ' Institute determined the issue was unemployment - and substance abuse . In 2011 their Risk Factors Associated with Women 's Victimization paper supported the feminist theory that victimization experiences of women were related to male patriarchy - in college students , no less . The big risk factor instead seems to be the research priority of the sociologists doing the surveying in any particular year . In this instance , Dr. Cortney Franklin is an assistant professor in Criminal Justice who focuses on violence against women and Tasha Menaker is a Ph.D. student who focuses on womens ' issues .
Rather than dual employment being the problem , it could be that some young women in Texas who reported intimate partner violence and then took a survey like the 'bad boys ' and bad boys tend to be idiots in lots of ways . The statistics bear that out , since older women were less likely to report being victimized than younger women . Instead of letting the data speak for itself , the authors speculate that women who are `` home bound '' lack self esteem and stay meek , whereas working women violate ingrained caveman sensitivities and get clobbered . They even refer to women who do not work outside the home as “ domestic workers ” , which sounds a lot like ‘ maid ' , and they say such women lack ‘ social capital ' - a patronizing dismissal of stay-at-home moms that would be offensive if men wrote it .
Franklin and Menaker are focused on violence against women , so it is not expected they would find it everywhere and tackle this topic , just like evolutionary biologists tackle evolutionary biology . The distinction is that biology is science , and science can have a null hypothesis . Sometimes experiments do n't work and the idea is thrown out . In a survey masking itself as psychological science , there is no null hypothesis , there is no hypothesis at all , they just show a correlation and imply cause and it can never be wrong .
These kinds of analyses claiming to be science studies are why so many people on the left have begun to think science is a subjective world view rather than an explanation of the universe according to natural laws . They take statistics-as-science claims to a whole new level , and it feeds the rising problem of feel-good fallacies replacing data-driven conclusions .
The ugly truth about Russia 's law against gay `` propaganda , '' now the subject of worldwide protests and boycotts , is coming into view . And that includes the role of American companies sponsoring the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , as well that of the International Olympic Committee and the U.S. Olympic Committee , in allowing the heinous law to get passed .
The law , passed in early June of this year and signed by Vladimir Putin on June 30 , did n't just come out of nowhere . It worked its way up the legislative chain over a long period of time , beginning in the provinces , where similar local laws were passed as far back as 2006 , and following on several years of crackdowns against LGBT activists and against pride parades in Moscow , St. Petersburg and elsewhere .
Human Rights Watch ( HRW ) notes that before Sochi was chosen for the 2014 games , the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) and other stakeholders , including American multinational sponsors of the Winter Olympics , as well as NBC Universal , which has the broadcast contract , carefully tracked the path of the legislation , which is a clear violation of the Olympic Charter .
`` This piece of legislation worked its way up through the legislative system , '' Minky Worden , HRW 's Director of Global Initiatives , told me in an interview ( listen to the full interview below ) . `` The International Olympic Committee , the United States Olympic Committee , the so-called top corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola , McDonald 's , Procter & Gamble -- these companies all , as [ HRW ] did , tracked the progress of this law . ''
`` And because it is so clearly in complete violation of the Olympic Charter , '' they continued , `` it 's also clear to us at Human Rights Watch that if any of the major Olympic stakeholders who have a hotline to the Kremlin -- because the Olympics are very important to Putin personally , they have a deputy prime minister , [ Dmitry ] Kozak , who is tasked with making them come off perfectly -- that if any of the Olympic stakeholders , the sponsors who are literally paying for the Games , or the International Olympic Committee , the U.S. Olympic Committee or the other Olympic committees , if they weighed in on this , I do n't think this law would have been signed by Putin or passed by the Duma . If they had leaned on [ Russia ] before the law was signed , it would not have been signed . That is absolutely true . ''
Worden is so confident that the IOC and American sponsors could have stopped the law because of the impact that the IOC and multinationals have had on governments in past Olympic Games . ( OutSports ' Cyd Zielger notes this as well , with some clear examples , in their recent post about how the IOC should now ban Russia from its own Winter Olympics . )
Worden pointed to South Korea in 1988 .
`` When South Korea was awarded the Games it was a military dictatorship , '' they explained . `` We know now that the transition to democracy was actually jump-started by the International Olympic Committee and the U.S. weighing in very heavily behind the scenes and pressuring the military government to hold elections before the Olympics . That 's a concrete example of the Games actually changing a human right-abusing situation into a largely robust and democratic government . ''
But the IOC and other stakeholders did not put the same pressure on China for the 2008 Olympics in Beijing , acquiescing completely , as they 've done with Russia . The net result was more repression , with forced evictions , thousands of people cleared from the streets and all dissent silenced .
`` By bolstering the security apparatus , the Beijing Olympics actually sent China into a political deep freeze that is only now lifting , '' Worden notes . `` Russia is giving Beijing a run for its money as a human rights-abusing Olympics . ''
If it was n't clear enough the first time , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is once again shutting the door on Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard 's call for a return to constitutional talks .
Trudeau said Thursday that future discussions about Canadian unity could happen without entering a formal process .
`` There 's a great working relationship between me and the premier of Quebec , and there 's going to continue to be , '' they told a news conference in La Malbaie , northeast of Quebec City .
`` But as I 've said many times since the very beginning of my political career , I think those conversations need not go through constitutional negotiations . ''
Trudeau added that they and their Quebec MPs work regularly to increase Canada 's impact in the day-to-day lives of Quebecers .
Trudeau not interested in Constitutional negotiations 1:13
It was Trudeau 's first meeting with reporters in the province since Couillard said last week their government wants to hold coast-to-coast discussions on Quebec 's place in Canada . Ultimately , Couillard said they would like Quebec to sign the 1982 Constitution .
Last week , Trudeau quickly responded by saying their views on the matter were clear , and their government has no intention of reopening the Constitution .
Sovereignist parties suggested Trudeau 's quick rejection of Couillard 's plan was an insult to the province , while some pundits suggested the provincial government 's proposed tour of the rest of Canada was likely for domestic consumption ahead of the 2018 provincial election .
Early last week , Sportsnet 's Elliotte Friedman discussed on air and in print , among other items , a developing situation out of Florida involving 25-year-old right-shot defenceman Alex Petrovic .
Despite running a four forwards and four defencemen protection set for the Vegas Golden Knights expansion draft just so they could protect Petrovic , it appears as though they could be on the outs already with the Panthers . As Friedman reports , Petrovic 's ice-time and role have decreased considerably under new head coach Bob Boughner .
One situation to keep an eye on : Florida and Alex Petrovic . Injuries limited them to 49 games last season , but when they dressed they played 18:09 per night . Under new coach Bob Boughner , Petrovic 's usage is down . He 's had three healthy scratches . The third one came Monday against Tampa Bay after Petrovic was benched for the third period of last Saturday 's overtime loss to Detroit . He 's also gone from 1:18 per night on the penalty kill to under 30 seconds . These things can change , but defencemen are hard to find and other teams will be watching . Petrovic has one more year until unrestricted free agency .
Before we go much further , I should add the disclaimer that this does n't necessarily mean Petrovic is on their way out the door yet . Friedman 's language describing the Petrovic situation is more assertive in the video in their 31 Thoughts article , but it still does n't go any further than to suggest that other teams are likely to monitor the situation . There 's a big difference between that and the inference that Panthers general manager Dale Tallon is shopping Petrovic .
Under normal circumstances , this would n't qualify as Canucks news . Petrovic is a high-end third pair defenceman who does n't add a tonne offensively but more than holds their own in the right circumstances . He 's an efficient puck-mover , and up to this season a reliable penalty killer , too .
There 's value in having a player like Petrovic near the bottom of your defensive depth chart . I just do n't see enough there that would make acquiring them worth the trouble for a team that 's in the stage of their developmental arc that the Canucks currently occupy .
Then again , we could have easily said much of the same for Jason Demers ( though , he 's a better player than Petrovic , certainly ) when the Canucks tried to trade Gudbranson back to the Panthers to acquire them this summer . You 'll remember , Demers used their no-trade veto to block that deal .
The Panthers came back as recently as September though according to this report from The Province 's Jason Botchford . That 's what makes this all so interesting .
Make no mistake about it , it 's a value-loss preposition in a wide-lens look , but the Canucks win a Petrovic-for-Gudbranson swap if we 're viewing that deal in a vacuum . Petrovic is a better player , signed for cheaper ( Petrovic makes $ 1.85-million this season to Gudbranson 's $ 3.5-million ) and has an extra year of team control .
I do n't think that 's where the conversation ends if talks reignite between the Canucks and Panthers . I 'm also not entirely sure that door is still open to the Canucks , though . Will Tallon still want Gudbranson considering how poorly he 's performed this season ?
As Botchford goes on to add in that edition of The Provies , even the old school , non-analytics types are incredulous at how bad Gudbranson has looked , which says nothing of how poor a picture of Gudbranson 's game that the underlying data paints .
Canucks the worst skater ? Erik Gudbranson , no matter how you slice it . Puts Canucks in a pickle . Latest @ TheAthleticVN https : //t.co/che23AH3Xl — J.D . Burke ( @ JDylanBurke ) November 5 , 2017
It 's a complicated situation from every angle . Even if the Panthers still want Gudbranson — and that 's far from a certainty — and they 're willing to part with at least Petrovic to make it happen , the Canucks still have to give it the okay .
Are the Canucks willing to let this situation play out and see if Gudbranson can improve as the season carries on , with a long-term contract extension coming by season 's end ? Or , at the very least , are they hopeful that the market will bear more for a player that teams were aggressively trying to pry from the Canucks as recently as last year 's draft ?
If the Canucks walk through either of those doors , that ends any and all speculation about a Gudbranson-for-Petrovic swap .
Until that time , I 'd think it 's fair to speculate about the possibility of a fit between these two teams centred on these two players . It just makes too much sense not to , especially if the Canucks can get the Panthers to sweeten the pot . We know the Canucks covet Jayce Hawryluk and Denis Malgin .
That 's all we can do though — speculate . Petrovic is a plug-and-play right-shot defenceman — the exact kind the Canucks almost acquired for Gudbranson a handful of months ago . If the Panthers still want Gudbranson , well , it 's not hard to draw a connection between the two . Time will tell if this was a signal or noise .
The time has come for McDonogh 35 duo De'Jon Jarreau and Brison Gresham to make their college commitment .
Tune in to NOLA.com Monday at 2 p.m. to watch their decision live . The link to the stream will be dropped in below .
Jarreau and Gresham are visiting Massachusetts this weekend after touring Miami last weekend . Those are the only two schools the pair is considering .
The 6-foot-5 Jarreau is rated as the No . 39 overall player by Rivals , the No . 56 overall player by 247Sports and the No . 62 overall player by ESPN . All services have them listed as a four-star prospect .
The services are n't exactly sure what position Jarreau will play at the next level as Rivals rates them as a point guard , 247 has them listed as a combo guard and ESPN has them as a shooting guard .
Jarreau averaged 16.9 points , 3.9 rebounds and 3.6 assists per game last season for the Roneagles while Gresham averaged 14.8 points , 8.2 rebounds and 3.9 blocks per game .
The 6-foot-8 Gresham is considered a four-star prospect by 247 and a three-star prospect by ESPN and Rivals . 247 lists them as the No . 71 player in the country and Rivals has them as the No . 132 prospect overall .
The Affordable Care Act 's fifth enrollment season opens with daunting challenges ahead . ( HealthCare.gov )
Enrollment under the Affordable Care Act in 39 states has surged at least 47 percent compared to the same period last year , according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services .
Nearly 1.5 million Americans signed up for coverage during the first 11 days of enrollment , CMS said Tuesday , including 876,788 during the second week . That compares to just over 1 million Americans who signed up though HealthCare.gov during the first 12 days of open enrollment in 2016 .
The portion of new consumers enrolling in ACA plans is slightly down this year , according to the latest federal report . Those Americans accounted for 23 percent of enrollees between Nov. 1 and Nov. 11 , as opposed to 24 percent in the early days of 2016 .
The new report does not include the dozen or so states , and the District of Columbia , that run their own health-care exchanges . But the vast majority of these states have also seen an uptick in sign-ups as well as call center demand .
[ How rolling back a key element of Obamacare could stymie the broader repeal effort ]
Health experts said it is too soon to say what is driving the increase in enrollment , and whether it will be sustained over the course of the 45-day enrollment window . The Trump administration has cut the period for sign-ups in half compared to previous years , and some state and health industry officials have expressed concern that this will mean less time for younger , healthier consumers — who tend to procrastinate in buying coverage — to enroll .
And it comes as Senate Republicans are seeking to eliminate the federal mandate that U.S. taxpayers provide proof of health-care coverage as part of a broader tax bill , which the Congressional Budget Office has estimated would reduce the number of insured Americans by about 13 million over a decade .
MIT Proves What We 've Argued For Years : Range Anxiety Anxiety Is Illogical
August 17th , 2016 by Steve Hanley
Editor 's Note : I 've argued for years that EV range anxiety is largely hype , as have other contributors . One contributor wrote that the real problem is n't “ range anxiety ” but “ range anxiety anxiety. ” In this Gas2 repost , however , Steve highlights a new MIT study that demonstrates more convincingly than anything before that range anxiety anxiety is indeed illogical . Enjoy ! –Zach Shahan
A study by MIT and the Santa Fe Institute published in the journal Nature Energy on August 15 finds that electric car range anxiety is overstated in most cases . The study analyzed the driving habits of drivers on a second-by-second basis . It concluded that 87 % of vehicles on the road today could be replaced by a low-cost electric car even if there is no possibility of recharging it during the day .
The finding confirms what we already know — the typical driver seldom drives more than 45 miles a day on a regular basis . That means even an electric car with limited range like an original Nissan LEAF has more than enough range to satisfy the needs of the majority of Americans .
In a note accompanying the study , Willett Kempton of the University of Delaware 's Center for Carbon-Free Power Integration wrote , “ Most trips can be made in an EV with current battery size and an even higher fraction could be made if the battery size target set by the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy ( ARPA-E ) is met . ”
Jessika Trancik , a researcher with MIT 's “ Institute for Data , Systems and Society ” and senior author of the study says the research combined hourly temperature data in different US regions , survey data about trip lengths , empirical data on the fuel economy of different cars , and GPS-derived data on the speeds of vehicles and how they vary on a second-by-second basis . It assumed a modestly priced electric vehicle such as a 2013 Nissan Leaf and daily overnight charging .
The study also gives a boost to developing carsharing models . Even though a car may be adequate for the majority of daily needs , drivers still want a car that can take them over the river and through the woods to grandmother 's house occasionally , or camping , or for anything other than getting back and forth to work . A second car in the household could be used for that , but many believe in the future we may simply rent another vehicle to fulfill those occasional needs .
Expanding the network of fast-charging stations so people could recharge their cars while away from home would also reduce range anxiety significantly . The Obama administration is a strong advocate for expanding the public charging infrastructure .
Transitioning to electric vehicles would significantly reduce emissions in the US , which is a large part of the governmental push . “ If that 90 percent adoption potential was reached , then one could replace about 60 percent of gasoline consumption . That would only reduce emissions about 30 percent , which is still a very significant number , ” Trancik said .
Studies like this are important , of course , but people buy on emotion and justify their decision later with facts . In other words , selling is all about emotion . Studies may say a given car has enough range for daily use , but the general perception is that 200 miles of range is the irreducible minimum needed to get people to consider buying an electric car . ( Or maybe 200 kilometers in Europe , or 300 kilometers . )
Of course , longer range means bigger batteries and bigger batteries mean higher cost . Higher cost means fewer potential buyers . It 's a vicious circle , one that will only be broken in time as more and more electric cars take to the highways . The changeover to zero-emissions transportation is a process and it will take decades if not generations to complete .
Source : Times Picayune of New Orleans
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HOUSTON -- The Health and Human Services Commission is notifying people about the accidental loss of protected personal information . The breach may affect 1,842 people in the Houston area .
A box of forms containing client information was found beside an unsecured dumpster in Houston at the E. 40th St. complex , an eligibility office .
The lost forms contained confidential information including names , client numbers , dates of birth , case numbers and phone numbers .
Other potential information includes mailing addresses , Social Security numbers , health information and bank account numbers .
HHSC is providing one year of free credit monitoring services to individuals who have been affected by this privacy breach .
Anyone who believes they may have been affected is asked to call 1-855-904-5740 toll-free and speak to an investigator or visit enroll.allclearid.com .
HHSC is committed to ensuring that clients ' confidential information is secure . The agency is investigating the event and taking steps to secure confidential information and reduce the chances of the breach happening again . HHSC is reviewing its processes and procedures for disposing of and destroying documents that contain private information , and making any changes needed to prevent this type of event in the future .
Last Sunday , we took a look at the improvements ( or lack thereof ) the worst bullpens of the 2018 major league season have made since the winter began . Today 's edition will focus on the sorriest rotations from 2018 , when the starting staffs of the Orioles , Rangers , Blue Jays , Padres and White Sox posted ERAs upward of 5.00 . Those teams also fared poorly in terms of fWAR , unsurprisingly , with the Orioles , Rangers , Padres and White Sox joining the Reds to make up the majors ' bottom five in that department . Even though spring training is set to open across the league , there are still some quality starters remaining in free agency , so it 's possible these teams are n't done yet . For now , though , most of these staffs leave much to be desired heading into the new season .
White Sox ( 2018 fWAR : 30th ; 2018 ERA : 26th ; projected 2019 rotation via Roster Resource ) : Last year 's White Sox received 30-plus starts from each of James Shields , Reynaldo Lopez and Lucas Giolito , but only Lopez managed adequate production . They and Giolito , two former high-end prospects , will once again take up 40 percent of Chicago 's rotation this season , while Shields is currently without a job . Carlos Rodon is also back as one of the team 's most proven starters , albeit after disappointing over 20 appearances in 2018 . At least one newcomer – righty Ivan Nova , acquired from the Pirates in December – will slot in near the top of their staff , and fellow offseason pickup Manny Banuelos could join them in the starting five . The 32-year-old Nova is n't going to wow anyone , but he 's a perfectly cromulent major league starter , having recorded ERAs in the low-4.00s and thrown 160-plus frames in each of the past three seasons . The 27-year-old Banuelos – a trade pickup from the Dodgers – is a former big-time prospect , but the lefty has n't appeared in the majors since 2015 , when they totaled the only six starts of their career as a member of the Braves .
Given the lack of major league success Giolito , Banuelos , and depth options Dylan Covey and Carson Fulmer have experienced , the White Sox would be well served to land more rotation possibilities before the season . Their situation would look a lot better if not for the Tommy John surgery prized prospect Michael Kopech underwent last September . He 'll miss the entire season as a result , though Chicago could get its first look at its No . 2 pitching prospect , Dylan Cease , this year .
Orioles ( 2018 fWAR : 29th ; 2018 ERA : 30th ; projected 2019 rotation ) : Thanks in part to a less-than-stellar rotation , this is going to be the second ugly season in a row for the rebuilding Orioles . Internal improvement is possible , though , as returning starters Dylan Bundy , Alex Cobb and Andrew Cashner have all shown themselves capable of providing much better numbers than the production they registered over a combined 87 starts in 2018 . Inexpensive free-agent signing Nate Karns is also a bounce-back candidate after sitting out most of 2017 and all of '18 as they recovered from the dreaded thoracic outlet syndrome surgery . Aside from those four – any of whom could end up on the block during the season – no starting option on the Orioles ' 40-man roster has achieved success in the majors . Moreover , their farm system is n't teeming with hurlers who are in line to make MLB impacts this season . With that in mind , rookie general manager Mike Elias may still be scouring the free-agent market for another cheap stopgap ( s ) after inking Karns earlier this week .
Padres ( 2018 fWAR : 28th ; 2018 ERA : 27th ; projected 2019 rotation ) : The Padres shrewdly signed former Angel Garrett Richards , who 's recovering from Tommy John surgery , back in November . But Richards wo n't return until later in the season , if they pitch at all in 2019 . Other than Richards , the Padres have n't picked up any starters of note this winter . It has n't been for lack of effort , though , as they 've been connected to the likes of Noah Syndergaard , Corey Kluber , Dallas Keuchel , Marcus Stroman and Mike Leake , among others , in the rumor mill during recent months . Syndergaard and Kluber probably are n't going anywhere , but Keuchel remains available in free agency and both Stroman and Leake could still be trade candidates . Having failed to secure anyone from that group , the Padres continue to possess an underwhelming rotation – one that received a combined 49 starts from the now-departed duo of Clayton Richard and Tyson Ross last season . However , Chris Paddack and Logan Allen , top-100 prospects and a couple of the many prizes in a San Diego system laden with talent , may debut sometime this year .
Rangers ( 2018 fWAR : 27th ; 2018 ERA : 29th ; projected 2019 rotation ) : Of the seven Rangers who accrued the most starts in 2018 , only one – lefty Mike Minor – remains . Fortunately for Texas , Minor was easily the best member of the club 's subpar septet . He 's now part of a completely remade starting staff which has reeled in Lance Lynn ( three years , $ 30MM ) and Shelby Miller ( one year , $ 2MM ) in free agency and Drew Smyly via trade with the Cubs . The team also has 2018 signing Edinson Volquez returning after they missed all of last season while recovering from Tommy John surgery . In all , it 's not the most compelling quintet , and it 's anyone 's guess what Miller , Smyly and Volquez will offer after their recent injury-wrecked seasons , but all five have at least shown flashes in the majors .
The soon-to-be 32-year-old Lynn has been effective and durable for most of their career ; Miller 's a former star prospect who prevented runs at an excellent clip from 2014-16 ; Smyly generally impressed as a starter over the same three-year span as Miller ; and Volquez has five seasons of 170-plus frames under their belt . Meanwhile , other than newly added minor league signing Jason Hammel , the Rangers ' depth options have virtually no major league accomplishments . A few of their top-10 prospects – Jonathan Hernandez , Taylor Hearn and Joe Palumbo – are climbing up the minor league ladder and could be in Arlington soon , however .
Reds ( 2018 fWAR : 26th ; 2018 ERA : 25th ; projected 2019 rotation ) : The Reds boasted a mostly healthy rotation in 2018 , as six pitchers each made at least 20 starts , but no one was particularly good . Consequently , the Reds have acquired three proven MLB starters in various trades this offseason , having picked up Sonny Gray from the Yankees , Alex Wood from the Dodgers and Tanner Roark from the Nationals . There is n't an ace among the trio , but all three are credible major league starters – which the Reds desperately needed , especially considering Matt Harvey walked in free agency . High-potential holdovers Luis Castillo and Anthony DeSclafani , who have been inconsistent in the majors , will comprise the rest of Cincinnati 's upgraded rotation to begin the season . The Reds ' new additions will push 2018 regulars Sal Romano ( 25 starts of 5.48 ERA/5.10 FIP ball ) and Tyler Mahle ( 23 starts , 4.98 ERA/5.25 FIP ) into depth roles , which is a plus , as is the end of the Homer Bailey era . The Reds sent Bailey and the remains of their bloated contract to the Dodgers when they traded for Wood and outfielders Yasiel Puig and Matt Kemp in a blockbuster December deal . Bailey produced catastrophic results from 2017-18 , a 38-start , 197 1/3-inning span in which they mustered a 6.25 ERA .
Blue Jays ( 2018 fWAR : 22nd ; 2018 ERA : 28th ; projected 2019 rotation ) : The Blue Jays ' rotation handily outdid the above teams ' by fWAR last year , yet the unit still compiled the majors ' third-worst ERA . Toronto has since made modest acquisitions by trading for Richard and signing Matt Shoemaker ( one year , $ 3.5MM ) . They 'll serve as placeholders for a Jays team which is at least another full year away from vying for a playoff spot , and may listen to offers for its top two starters – Stroman and Aaron Sanchez – during the upcoming season . Both Stroman and Sanchez have been outstanding at times , but that was n't true of either in 2018 , and the two are now entering their second-last seasons of team control . Stroman and Sanchez remain atop Toronto 's rotation for the time being , with all parties hoping the righties return to their past productive and healthy ways in 2019 . Beyond those two , Richard , Shoemaker and Ryan Borucki , the Blue Jays do n't possess any starters who have done much in the majors , though Sam Gaviglio ( 37 starts ) , Sean Reid-Foley ( seven ) and Thomas Pannone ( six ) have at least gained some experience .
Player to use for any embedding in JSonline stories
SHARE
By of the
Green Bay— Officer Joel Zwicky was on a routine patrol when they saw a guy on a dirt bike zooming along the Fox River State Recreational Trail , where motorized vehicles are not allowed .
So Zwicky pulled them over . But the officer was n't in their squad car or on a Segway or even on a bicycle . They were patrolling on a specially designed skateboard .
With no siren or flashing lights , Zwicky did the next best thing . They twirled their finger in the air and pointed to the side of the trail .
It actually worked .
`` He was like 'Oh my God , what is this ? ' So I pointed them in the right direction they should have been traveling , '' Zwicky said .
Though Zwicky patrols Green Bay 's neighborhoods in an unmarked Dodge Charger , each day when the weather is nice they park their squad car and pulls their skateboard from the back seat , switching one set of wheels for another .
Wearing their blue police uniform — plus a helmet and black Vans sneakers — Zwicky travels on the Fox River Trail talking to folks , and spends time with skateboarders at an indoor skating facility and other hangouts . They also visit parks and events as part of the department 's community policing program .
They plan to bring their skateboard to Lambeau Field on Packers Sundays to patrol parking lots .
`` An event like that would be perfect . I probably could n't go 10 feet without stopping , which is the whole purpose , '' they said .
Neither they nor their bosses with the Green Bay Police Department know of any other police officer in Wisconsin , or even in the United States , who patrols on a skateboard . So , in a way , Zwicky is blazing a trail ... or at least rolling one .
`` We have one-man cars . He 's a one-man skateboard , '' Green Bay Capt . Bill Galvin said . `` Just like officers walking a beat , this is an extension of that . ''
Initial skepticism
Zwicky started skateboarding as a kid and never really stopped . The Kewaunee native took an unusually circuitous route to law enforcement : They toured as a singer and guitarist with a rock and blues band called Boom Candle for seven years , opening for Journey and the Gin Blossoms and twice playing Summerfest . They earned a bachelor 's degree in psychology at the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay and after a brief stint with the Sturgeon Bay Police Department was hired by Green Bay .
Two years ago , Zwicky , who owns five personal skateboards , suggested to their commander that they start a skateboard patrol .
`` Everyone says , do what you love . I thought , how can I combine my love of skateboarding and surfing ? '' said Zwicky , 40 , a police officer for 10 years . `` I came up with all the arguments : Hey , I 'm saving gas , I could still take calls . ''
Like many things new , their idea was met with raised eyebrows . Zwicky pointed out that bicycle patrols were unusual a couple decades ago , and now many departments use them .
`` At first , I 've got to admit , I was like , seriously ? '' said Galvin . `` But when they explained more how they wanted to get into the parks and spend time with kids , it made sense . ''
Before they could become a skateboard cop , Zwicky had to first convince Brown County officials to allow skateboards on the 25-mile-long Fox River Trail that meanders through much of Green Bay and neighboring communities . Once the County Board agreed to change the rules earlier this year , Zwicky designed a skateboard for patrolling .
They knew they needed a stable , low-to-the-ground board that could travel long distances , so they chose a two-foot-long longboard with a deck ( board ) made by Subsonic , GBomb-manufactured forks ( the metal brackets that attach wheels to the board ) and Dont-Trip Poppys trucks ( wheels ) .
Because of their Kevlar vest , sidearm , ammunition , radio and other gear , Zwicky factored in the additional weight they carry while on duty as they designed their board .
The underside of their skateboard sports a large decal of the Green Bay Police logo . On each end of the deck Zwicky attached small , square red-and-blue flashing lights , which they did n't have yet when they pulled over the motorbike on the trail . They still do n't have a siren , however , if absolutely needed they could just yell .
Though they have n't pulled over anyone since , Zwicky has used their skateboard with flashing lights at crash scenes , standing it on its side like a flare to warn motorists away from the accident .
When he 's out on their skateboard , Zwicky is always in touch with dispatchers via radio , and he 's constantly aware of their location on the trail in case they need backup and must direct officers to their location . And if they ever had to use their weapon ? Zwicky said he 'd get off their skateboard first , pointing out matter-of-factly that firing a weapon from a skateboard has never come up in training .
'Credibility with teens '
On a recent sunny day on the Fox River Trail , Zwicky parked their squad car , grabbed their skateboard and began pushing off down the pavement , stopping to say hello to walkers , bicyclists and inline skaters . Some stopped to gawk while others did n't seem to notice the unique police vehicle .
Jane Aubry was walking on the trail near their home when they saw Zwicky breeze by .
`` I think it 's very clever and unique . I see a lot of teens on the trail and I think ( the skateboard ) would give them a lot of credibility with teens who might be at risk , '' Aubry said .
Lauren Stefonek , 21 , and Isabella Sipes , 19 , both of Green Bay , inline skate every day on the trail , but until last week they had n't seen Zwicky on their long board . They stopped to chat .
`` We were like , hey , that 's a skateboard . It looks fun , '' said Stefonek . `` It 's unusual , but I think it will be helpful . ''
Because skateboards are not allowed on any street or road in Wisconsin , Zwicky knows that many skateboarders and law enforcement have a dim view of each other . Their aim is to help break down those barriers , something they know wo n't happen overnight .
But by spending time with skateboarders , using donated skateboards to introduce youths to the sport and arranging for an event this fall to shut down a steep street for one day to allow people to travel on it safely , he 's hoping to spread the word that there 's no reason officers and skateboarders ca n't get along .
Now they have their own website — skateboardcop.com — and hopes the idea will catch on with other police departments once officers learn how skateboards can be an innovative device for community policing .
`` We patrol by Segway and bike , but you ca n't bring those in your squad car . With my board I can just bring it and go , '' Zwicky said as they traveled along the trail . `` Other than riding on grass ( which skateboards ca n't ) , I think it beats bikes every time . My hands are free . If I need to stop I can just pick it up and take it with me into my car or into a building . ''
Headline News
26 February 2019 Source Photonics opens new laser fab and transceiver assembly facility in China Expansion to meet growing demand in rapidly evolving data-center and 5G markets Expansion to meet growing demand in rapidly evolving data-center and 5G markets
25 February 2019 MACOM and ST expanding 150mm GaN-on-Si production capacity , and 200mm as demand requires Wafer supply expansion to enable cost , scale and industrialization of GaN-on-Si for global 5G network buildout Wafer supply expansion to enable cost , scale and industrialization of GaN-on-Si for global 5G network buildout
22 February 2019 AXT 's revenue falls 22.4 % in Q4/2018 , due partly to weak China LED market Full-year growth aided by InP sales as silicon photonics takes off Full-year growth aided by InP sales as silicon photonics takes off
21 February 2019 POET teams with MillView Photonics to establish collaborative design center in Ottawa POET named to 2019 TSX Venture 50 list of companies POET named to 2019 TSX Venture 50 list of companies
20 February 2019 StratEdge opens new global HQ New facility houses high-performance package manufacturing and Assembly Services Division New facility houses high-performance package manufacturing and Assembly Services Division
20 February 2019 5N Plus supplying substrates to SolAero for Airbus OneWeb Satellites Semiconductors subsidiary of chemicals producer partners with former Emcore Space Photovoltaics business Semiconductors subsidiary of chemicals producer partners with former Emcore Space Photovoltaics business
20 February 2019 Tyndall and Arralis sign €400,000 deal to develop high-volume manufacturing process for scaling mmWave integration and packaging technologies Enterprise Ireland 's Innovation Partnership program to support development of Ka- and W-band MMICs Enterprise Ireland 's Innovation Partnership program to support development of Ka- and W-band MMICs
19 February 2019 Monolithic indium arsenide antimonide on silicon mid-infrared photodetector Low-cost ultra-compact systems could find ready deployment in gas sensing , defense and medical diagnostics . Low-cost ultra-compact systems could find ready deployment in gas sensing , defense and medical diagnostics .
19 February 2019 Simgui enhances partnership with Soitec to double 200mm SOI wafer production capacity Manufacturing and licensing relationship redefined for RF-SOI and power-SOI products Manufacturing and licensing relationship redefined for RF-SOI and power-SOI products
15 February 2019 Selective-area emitter for gallium nitride bipolar transistors Ohmic base contact enables high current and power density and 90 current gain , believed to be highest among reported devices on sapphire . Ohmic base contact enables high current and power density and 90 current gain , believed to be highest among reported devices on sapphire .
15 February 2019 Osram 's quarterly revenue falls 15 % year-on-year Sales impacted by weak mobile , lighting and auto markets , especially in China , plus political uncertainties Sales impacted by weak mobile , lighting and auto markets , especially in China , plus political uncertainties
14 February 2019 Boosting switching frequency in gallium nitride vertical fin transistors New argon-implant edge termination process allows high 1.2kV breakdown and 5A drain current . New argon-implant edge termination process allows high 1.2kV breakdown and 5A drain current .
13 February 2019 Veeco 's revenue falls 22 % in Q4/2018 due to commoditization of China LED MOCVD market Focus on transition to Front-End Semiconductor and Compound Semiconductor markets such as MOCVD for 3D sensing VCSELs Focus on transition to Front-End Semiconductor and Compound Semiconductor markets such as MOCVD for 3D sensing VCSELs
12 February 2019 Qorvo 's 5G infrastructure revenue growth offsets weak mobile market in China Closure of Florida SAW fab and postponement of production at new BAW fab in Farmers Branch , Texas , to cut costs Closure of Florida SAW fab and postponement of production at new BAW fab in Farmers Branch , Texas , to cut costs
Mzansi 's Zodwa Wabantu , who stood firm on being true to their brand and living life on their own terms , has received a public apology from The Zimbabwe Tourism Authority ( ZTA ) after an 'underwear ' rule was imposed on them
Zodwa is billed to perform at the Harare International Carnival along with Brazilian and Cuban dancers on September 6 .
However , it was stipulated that they would only be booked if they performed with underwear .
Speaking to the state broadcaster ZBC , ZTA 's chief executive officer Karikoga Kaseke said Zodwa was free to bring their act to Harare , especially since they were `` well received in Bulawayo '' - a city largely viewed as conservative compared to the capital .
This comes just days after Karikoga told journalists at a press conference that Zodwa would have to compromise one of them `` principles '' .
`` I hope they will have their panties . If they can not perform in panties then we do n't want them because chiefs ( traditional leaders ) will not like it , '' they said .
Speaking to TshisaLIVE at the time Zodwa said they would not compromise their brand and would not be told how to live their life .
`` Look , people need to know that they can not tell us how to live our lives . I love the country and the reception I 've received , but I do n't want to be told how to do me . Why would I mess with that ? Maybe it 's all just for the hype , '' they said .
The Harare International Carnival is hosted by the ZTA for a week .
Affordable home cooking is the order of the day as we launch Cook , featuring new columnists , new ideas and readers ' recipes
On Saturday , your Guardian will include a brand spanking new weekly food section , Cook , focused on the kind of stuff we really eat at home ; everyday dishes from Sonya Kidney , step-by-step baking from Dan Lepard , drink recipes from Henry Dimbleby and Jane Baxter – and two pages of readers ' recipes every issue , curated and taste-tested by lucky old me .
Each week we 'll be asking readers to send in their recipes on a particular theme , such as `` orange '' , `` mash '' and `` roast '' . I 'll choose the most interesting to test before picking a winning recipe . Each of the dishes I cook will appear in the paper and online , and the winners will be entered into a contest to find the 2013 Guardian home cook of the year .
Frankly I 'm pretty damn excited about what 's in store : I love waking up on Thursdays and diving into the slew of comments underneath my `` How to cook the perfect … '' column , full of improvements , criticisms and your own recipes . I read them all , so I know you lot have all sorts of good stuff hidden up your sauce-splashed sleeves .
The first few themes we 're going to be covering in the recipe swap ( with a little advance help from Twitter and some kind food bloggers ) include `` on toast '' and `` remedies '' – and I 've been surprised and delighted with the variety and creativity of the submissions so far . Burmese-style beans on toast , smoky sausage horsebit , a masterpiece rejoicing in the name of the `` Elvis cheezy beano '' and a proper kosher chicken soup which promises to make anyone who cooks it `` a certified member of the Jewish Housewives ' League '' .
The first theme for the readers ' recipe swap ( to be published in Cook on Saturday 26 January ) will be crumbles . Please do n't confine yourself to the usual suspects – I 've always wanted to make a savoury crumble , and I 've got a whole lot of stilton that still needs eating , if that inspires anyone .
For the chance to feature in Cook , send your crumble recipes to recipes @ guardian.co.uk by noon on Wednesday 16 January . Entrants should include their name , address and phone number in the email .
Make my week by sending in your finest culinary creations : just think , your `` cheezy beano '' equivalent could see you crowned Guardian home cook of the year …
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Staff of the University of Lagos have lauded the work of one of their postgraduate students , Chibuihem Amalaha , for an experiment in which they claimed observations of magnets provided proof that homosexuality is unnatural .
Mr Amalaha claimed that as the poles of magnets repel those of the same type , this “ means that man can not attract another man because they are the same , and a woman should not attract a woman because they are the same . That is how I used physics to prove gay marriage wrong ” .
Nigerian news website This Day Live reported on the experiment :
“ A University of Lagos post graduate student , Chibuihem Amalaha , from Imo State has used science to prove that gay marriage is improper among other breakthroughs . ”
In an interview for This Day Live , Mr Amalaha explained the motivation for their experiments .
“ In recent time I found that gay marriage , which is homosexuality and lesbianism , is eating deep into the fabric of our human nature all over the world and this was why nations of Sodom and Gomora were destroyed by God because they were into gay practice , ” they said .
Mr Amalaha added that their tutors have praised their research : “ Recently my lecturer at the Department of Chemical Engineering , Profesor D S Aribuike , pointedly told me that I will win Nobel prize one day , because they found that my works are real and nobody has done it in any part of the world . ”
They said their next goal is to get their research published in international journals .
Luiz DeBarros of South African LGBT website Mambaonline said : “ It 's debatable as to whether the embarrassing article is more damming [ sic ] of the standard of education at the University of Lagos or of the standard of journalism at This Day .
“ The uncritical and uninformed article is likely to add to the ignorance and prejudice surrounding homosexuality in Nigeria . ”
Washington ( CNN ) About 40 contracted workers from the United States Senate walked off their jobs Wednesday morning and joined more than 1,000 labor activists at a rally calling on President Barack Obama and Congress to require federal contractors to pay their workers more .
The Senate workers -- employed at the upper chamber 's cafeteria , on janitorial duty and in other food service jobs -- along with other federal contracted employees , are calling on the President to sign a `` Model Employer Executive Order '' that would give federal contracting preferences to companies that can pay their workers $ 15 an hour .
The Senate cafeteria , which keeps busy serving dishes likes it famous U.S. Senate bean soup on the Hill , is one of many federally contracted institutions in Washington .
Paco Fabian , a spokesperson for Good Jobs Nation -- one of the groups organizing the event -- confirmed that 600 of the workers were federally contracted employees , and that the Senate workers were galvanized by workers from the Capitol Visitors Center , who participated in a similar strike last November .
In February , Obama issued an executive order requiring that federally contracted employees are paid at last $ 10.10 an hour , but workers at the Capital , the Pentagon , the Smithsonian and other federal institutions say they are focused on earning a wage that allows them to have financial security and provide for their families .
Bertrand Olotara -- a cook at the U.S. Senate cafeteria -- published an op-ed in the British newspaper The Guardian Wednesday , saying that they joined the rally to tell members of Congress , the President and 2016 presidential hopefuls to stand up for a living wage .
`` I am walking off my job because I want the presidential hopefuls to know that I live in poverty , '' they wrote .
The rally was joined by outspoken Sen. Bernie Sanders , a Vermont independent , and members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus , who joined in the call to increase wages for federally contracted workers .
`` What we are saying today is pretty simply , that the taxpayers of this country want to make sure that when government contracts are made , those employers who get those contracts pay workers a living wage , '' Sanders told the crowd . `` A great nation will not survive , in my view , when so few have so much and so many have so little . ''
Compass Group , a British-based catering company , confirmed that their subsidiary -- New York based Restaurant Associates -- contracts workers for the Senate cafeteria , but would not comment on the actions or demands of Olotara and other employees .
`` ( Restaurant Associates ) takes pride in paying above market competitive wages , and while we 're unable to comment on personal information for any one associate , RA can confirm that its contracts with the United States Senate and the Capitol Visitors Center is in full compliance with the ... wage and benefits provisions within the McNamara-O'Hara Service Contract Act ( SCA ) , '' said Cheryl Queen , vice president of Compass Groups USA , in a statement to CNN .
STANFORD , Calif. – Powered by its first-year student class , the No . 3 Stanford women 's soccer team beat Fresno State , 3-0 , in an exhibition Friday night at Laird Q. Cagan Stadium .
Tegan McGrady came off the bench to score one goal and assist on another , and fellow first-year student Michelle Xiao had an assist and may have been match 's top player .
Stanford 's first-year student class was judged the best in the nation by Top Drawer Soccer and played like it . Three freshmen started – Xiao at forward , Jordan DiBiasi in the midfield , and Alana Cook in central defense . At one point in the first half , six freshmen ( counting redshirt first-year student Kyra Carusa ) were in the match at the same time for Stanford .
A junior , Ryan Walker-Hartshorn , scored the first goal when they headed in a corner from fifth-year senior Haley Rosen in the sixth minute . Walker-Hartshorn is Stanford 's leading returning scorer , with eight last year . Overall , the Cardinal is returning only 15 of its 56 goals ( 27 percent ) from 2014 . That is one reason Stanford is counting so heavily on its freshmen .
They certainly took the first step into proving themselves . Xiao , in particular , played with the quickness , touch , and smarts that set them apart . They constantly created dangerous chances with their runs , artistry , and combination play . On one sequence , they brutally outsprinted a defender along the left sideline and set up a corner kick .
Them pass to McGrady set up an appropriate first-year student combination for the second goal , in the 69th minute . The ball was played up a seam and McGrady polished it off perfectly , sticking their shot inside the right post .
In the 82nd minute , McGrady set up sophomore Mariah Lee for a goal-scoring header with a long pass to the far post .
McGrady 's speed at outside back allowed them to cover a lot of ground and seemed to be in the mix throughout their 44 minutes of action . McGrady tied Rosen for the most shots , with four apiece .
Stanford dominated possession and outshot Fresno State ( 4-16 last season ) , 24-3 . The Bulldogs were held without a shot for the first 72 minutes .
Stanford opens the season in earnest with two matches at the Outrigger Resorts Soccer Classic in Honolulu . Hawaii is the opening opponent on Aug. 21 , followed by BYU on Aug. 24 . The Cardinal plays its official home opener against Boston College on Aug. 28 .
* * *
Exhibition
Stanford 3 , Fresno State 0
Fresno State 0 0 -- 0
Stanford 1 2 -- 3
Stanford : Ryan Walker-Hartshorn ( Haley Rosen ) , 5:54 ; Tegan McGrady ( Michelle Xiao ) , 68:08 ; Mariah Lee ( Tegan McGrady ) , 81:11 .
( CNN ) Miguel Cervantes and their wife , Kelly , welcomed daughter Adelaide in October 2015 . They sensed that something was amiss early on .
`` She was n't developing on a regular trajectory , '' said Cervantes , who stars as Alexander Hamilton in the hit musical theater production `` Hamilton '' in Chicago . Soon after , Adelaide had a seizure .
`` Then the terminology 'epilepsy ' starts coming into the conversation about what 's wrong with her , '' they said .
When they were just 7 months old , Adelaide started having multiples seizures every day . They were diagnosed with infantile spasms , a serious epilepsy syndrome in infants that is frequently associated with developmental delays , according to the national nonprofit Epilepsy Foundation .
`` The doctor said that 'we do n't have any real treatment for this . We have some treatments that may or may not work , but there is no cure , ' `` they recalled .
While Cervantes was struggling with Adelaide 's care , they landed the lead role in the play . `` It is the highest highs and the lowest lows all at the same time , '' they said .
Take the challenge
Epilepsy is a disorder in the brain that causes seizures . According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the cause is not always known but can be the result of a head injury , a brain tumor , a stroke or an infection in the central nervous system .
Motivated by their personal connection , Cervantes teamed up with Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy , commonly known as CURE , and the Epilepsy Foundation to raise awareness and funding for research during November 's Epilepsy Awareness Month .
Miguel Cervantes , star of the Chicago production of `` Hamilton , '' says they were inspired by the show to get involved in epilepsy awareness .
Cervantes created the Shot at Epilepsy Challenge , which urges people to take pictures in the `` Hamilton pose '' and donate to epilepsy research . They can share the pictures on social media , tagging friends using the hashtags # MyShotAtEpilepsy and # CUREepilepsy and challenging them to participate within 24 hours .
Their aim , they said , is to get epilepsy into the mainstream conversation alongside other severe neurological disorders like Parkinson 's , amyotropic lateral sclerosis and Alzheimer 's .
`` That is our goal and hope . We are here to help my daughter and to help other families that are also dealing with this kind of thing too , '' they said .
Adelaide is 2 years old , but they function much more like a newborn , Cervantes said . `` She does n't sit or stand or talk or babble . We are always watching them to see if there is a seizure . We are always looking at them to see if there is any sign of regression , '' they said .
`` We have our bars very low for progress right now . Our hope is that if we can keep all the seizures under control , then any progress their brain can make due to whatever it is will begin to see itself , '' they added .
Research gap
Epilepsy is the fourth most common neurological disease in the United States , according to the foundation . The CDC reports that in 2015 , 3.4 million people were receiving treatment for epilepsy or had had one or more seizures in the past year .
Susan Axelrod , along with other parents of children with epilepsy , founded the nonprofit CURE in 1998 to address a lack of advocacy toward scientific research for the disease . `` We looked to the National Institutes of Health and found that the budget there , was sadly , sort of reflected our lack of progress in the area , '' they said . `` We also looked to the private funders , and there was very little going on , very little interest amongst private donors . ''
Axelrod too has a personal connection . Them daughter , now 36 , started having seizures when they were 7 months old . `` We spent the first 18 years of their life fighting the lack of understanding about the epilepsy disease , the stigma associated with it and most importantly our inability to stop their seizures , even if we were willing to tolerate pretty atrocious side effects from the medications , '' they said .
Dr. Ajay Gupta , head of pediatric epilepsy at the Cleveland Clinic , said all epileptic medications have side effects and must be carefully monitored . `` That 's why it 's really important when you make a diagnosis to have a very good discussion with the family , '' they said . Side effects can include sleepiness , reduced muscle tone , tunnel vision and reduced sharpness of vision , they said adding that they can be irreversible .
Axelrod said that although their daughter has made tremendous strides , they will not be able to live independently and takes multiple medications every day .
Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter .
`` The diseases in which you see progress have strong strong advocacy groups behind them . Epilepsy did not , '' they said .
`` The awareness component is essential to making progress , to raising the dollars , building a community that will be great ambassadors , will be the people who participate in clinical trials when we get to that point , '' Axelrod added .
And Cervantes is trying to do just that . `` I can use Hamilton to get the message out that says this is something that needs to be more in the mainstream , more in the forefront and really talked about to see if we can get some better treatment so that people are n't constantly on guard for , you know , seizures to come back because that seems like a terrifying way to live , '' they said .
Man stops to help owl hit by car Copyright by WJTV - All rights reserved Video
Copyright by WJTV - All rights reserved
WJTV Staff -
JACKSON , MS - One man stopped to help a poor owl after the bird was hit by a car .
WJTV went and found the man who saw the owl , now known as `` Hootie '' , fly off of another car 's windshield and land in the middle of a street .
Steven Hall says they stopped and picked the owl up and took them to a few local veterinarians -- but no one could help -- because the owl is n't domesticated . They explain :
`` Everybody wants to help the animals . they ca n't help themselves . so any help they can get is better than none . Give them a safe haven to recooperate for a few days . Maybe he 'll be alright . ''
Hall says the owl has been moving around and flying a little bit but has trouble landing . They believe it 's because the owl 's eyes are swollen shut .
Limited Time : Target Cartwheel Disney Infinity Coupon Deal
If there is one thing we love here at DisneyInfinityCodes.com it 's good deals when it comes to Infinity figures and accessories .
Now through April 18th , Target 's special in store coupon app is featuring a Disney Infinity deal , 25 % off Infinity Figures . The Cartwheel app is an awesome little tool that allows you to scan through product offers and add coupons or deals for specific products as you shop .
Target.com features reduced pricing for a decent selection of Infinity Figures , and the Cartwheel deal can be stacked on top of the reduced online prices .
Here is a quick table of the figures currently on sale :
The Deal Details
To get this deal , grab the figures you want to purchase and take them to the register or special service desk and request a price adjustment for the figures based on the current Target.com prices .
Here is a quick PDF you can print , or have the website ( NOT THE TARGET APP ) handy on your smart phone . The website shows discounted figures but does n't credit any discount to Cartwheel , where there might be confusion with the associate working in the store .
Printable PDF -Ã‚Â Disney Infinity Price Screen GrabÃ‚Â ( As of 4/13/15 )
Download the Cartwheel app from the app store – available in iTunes App Store & Google Play
Add the Infinity Coupon to your offers . ( As seen below in the screen grab from my iPhone ) .
The store associate at the register or service desk will adjust the price first , then scan your cart wheel .
Enjoy your heavily discounted figures !
Note -Ã‚Â Toybox sets ( Aladdin/Jasmine ) Ã‚Â may be included in this deal , but I have not confirmed or tested if they register under the coupon , I will check tomorrow and return with an update !
More details on Price Matching tips and tricks coming soon ! ﻿
Want the latest Disney Infinity News ?
Check us out on Twitter , Youtube , Facebook , Pinterest , and Instagram !
Subscribe ! Like ! Love ! Favorite ! Retweet !
Have You Entered Our Weekly Giveaways Yet ? Click Here !
Check Out The Best Disney Infinity Deals This Week ! Click Here !
But that is nowhere near the total that officials worry could be in danger once the fighting moves to the most populated areas across the Tigris on the west side of Mosul , which is still believed to be home to at least one million people . Reports from inside the city indicate that the Islamic State has set up elaborate defenses on the banks of the Tigris , including artillery pieces .
The United Nations said that militants were reported to have shot six civilians on Oct. 20 for keeping hidden SIM cards in defiance of an order to surrender them . A week later , a 27-year-old man was killed for keeping a cellphone , they added .
Among the witnesses to the recent killings was the sole survivor from a group of 50 former members of Iraq 's security forces who was abducted by militants , taken to the Mosul airport and shot . Although wounded , “ he pretended to be dead , escaped , and we spoke to him , ” they said .
Meanwhile , a mass grave discovered on Monday by Iraqi troops near an agricultural college in the town of Hamam al-Alil was only one among numerous sites of large-scale killings , Ms. Shamdasani said . The grave contained at least 100 corpses , but Islamic State fighters were also reported to have dumped bodies down a well and at a cement factory yard in the same town , and at several other locations including the Mosul airport and in the Tigris .
On a lengthening list of atrocities reported from Mosul , militants had deployed “ sons of the Caliphate , ” believed to be teenagers or younger , around the old town armed with explosive belts . They had also brought abducted women , some of them members of Iraq 's Yazidi minority , into the city to distribute them as slaves for their fighters .
Interviews with residents inside Mosul in recent days indicate a pattern of brutality by the Islamic State much like what the United Nations has been reporting , including an increase in the number of boys on the streets carrying rifles and swords . One resident told The New York Times that the Islamic State in recent days had executed 18 former security force members and driven their bodies in the back of a pickup truck to a freshly dug mass grave .
In addition to the Islamic State 's forcibly moving civilians into Mosul for use as human shields to deter attack , the United Nations said it had credible reports of the group 's fighters ' using chemical weapons and chemical agents like chlorine gas against advancing Iraqi and Kurdish forces . Ms. Shamdasani said that Iraqi troops entering the city had found large quantities of sulfur and ammonia stockpiled in civilian areas of the city .
SURGERY POLICIES : Clients MUST schedule an appointment for all Spay/Neuter surgeries , your options are calling 713-433-6421 , emailing a request to our receptionist or by coming to the Shelter in person . Due to high call volume , our online appointment request is the preferred method to request an appointment . Before we can schedule your spay/neuter appointment , we must receive a non-refundable $ 30 pre-payment , either by credit/debit card over the phone , or by cash in person . This $ 30 fee will be credited toward the cost of your pet 's surgery , along with any other services performed on that day .
NOTE : All animals altered by the HHS receive a tattoo signifying the animal has been sterilized , thereby preventing unnecessary future surgery . Tattooed animals are generally held longer at shelters and animal controls and are more often put up for adoption
If it is necessary to reschedule your spay/neuter appointment , you must provide us with at least 3 days notice in order for us to transfer your $ 30 prepayment to a new appointment date . Failure to keep a scheduled appointment or failure to give at least 3 days ' notice for rescheduling an existing appointment will result in loss of your $ 30 prepayment . For animals over 5 years of age we require the general Total Health profile blood work for $ 80 and a heartworm test for $ 25 . Blood work is done the morning of surgery and must be prepaid at the same time that the appointment is scheduled along with the non-refundable $ 30 deposit that is required for surgery . The blood work checks on the organ 's functions in the body . This is done for the safety of the animal .
NOTE : The Houston Humane Society highly recommends that your dog ( s ) have a Bordetella ( kennel cough ) at least 2 weeks prior to surgery . Vaccination for Bordetella does not prevent from all upper respiratory diseases , but is highly recommended . The stress of being away from normal surroundings can lower the animal 's immune system , making them more susceptible to illness . Please help other pets by helping yours !
We do offer the intra-nasal Bordetella in our Wellness Center for $ 21 plus office visit fee .
Do n't mess with this guy
In their letter to James Comey accusing them of violating the Hatch Act , Harry Reid also accused Comey of being privy to “ explosive information ” regarding Trump 's ties to Russia . This is an act of terrible political genius bordering on savagery on the part of Harry Reid .
Of course the term “ explosive information ” means nothing at all , but we do know that there is evidence of ties between Trump and Russia because , if nothing else , Trump has sold property to Russian buyers .
This means that James Comey now has only two possible responses to this accusation if pressed about it by the press . They can either :
Confirm that the Senator is right that they are aware of connections between Mr. Trump and Russia
or
Say that as a federal agent , commenting on a presidential candidate 's affairs at this time would be a violation of the Hatch Act
In the first scenario , the media will naturally interpret it as proof that Trump is a Russian agent and run with it , likely dragging the Republican party down with him . In the second , Comey is admitting that they abused their position as head of the FBI for partisan purposes and casts doubt on any Republican 's good faith , probably dragging the party down with him . Either way , Democrats win , and therefore so does Senator Reid .
What a badass ! We 'll miss how you do things like this while Republicans think you 're just senile when you retire Senator .
American Horror Story
“ Madness Ends ”
January 23 , 2013
FOUR MONTHS AGO
Bloody Face Jr. decides to take the audio tour of Briarcliff , as narrated by their mother , when they are interrupted by those meddling kids , Adam Levine and Mrs. Adam Levine . Bloody Face Jr. hears the Levines joking about “ Bloody Face , ” and they retreat to the solitary confinement cell to pout slip on their Bloody Face mask and wait for dum-dum to stick their arm into the food slot so that they can chop it off . And that 's why Adam Levine lost their arm , because Mommy Issues .
TODAY
Lana Winters , No Not Barbara Walters ! prepares for an interview with Lisa Ling ; a look back on their illustrious career making politicians and actors decide what kind of tree they would be , cry . It seems Lana Winters , Respectable Journalist ! has had quite a life , complete with fancy house and fancy opera-singing girlfriend ( wife ? whichever ) , and is about to receive one of those fancy rainbow ribbons from the Kennedy Center . Lisa Ling wants to begin their interview with Bloody Face , which Lana Winters , That Old Thing Again ? refuses . Nope ! No need to give them any more attention than we already have . So , instead , they begin with Lana Winters , Social Agitator ! 's long overdue exposé of Briarcliff .
It seems that sometime after meeting with Kitt , Lana Winters , So I 've Got a Guilty Conscience After All ! led a camera crew through the forest zombie tunnels and into Braircliff , where they filmed the deplorable conditions inside with all the crazies wandering around naked , bumping into each other , rolling in their own filth , being forest zombies/possessed by the devil etc . ( And I 'd like to claim that Lisa Ling calling Lana Winters “ Lana Winters , Crusader ! ” was a little shout out , but who am I kidding ? )
Lana Winters , Crusader ! went into Briarcliff looking to rescue Just Betty Judy , and they trick us for a moment with a big reunion scene before Lana Winters , HA ! SUCKERS ! explains that this never happened , and that Just Betty Judy was long gone by the time they arrived .
Back in the present , Lana Winters , Parched ! asks for a water which is delivered to them by Bloody Face , Jr. LOOK OUT , LANA WINTERS , OBLIVIOUS ! THAT IS YOUR SON AND They Want TO SHOOT YOU IN THE FACE !
But back to the flashback . Lana Winters , FIND ME THAT NUN ! , with the help of a very obliging orderly , found Just Betty Judy 's file in a floor cabinet at Briarcliff , where it was noted that Kitt Walker released them into their custody , what ? Lana Winters , Filmmaker ! takes their crew to Kitt 's house where they frown angrily at the cameras and leads Lana Winters , Cameras ? What Cameras ? inside to deliver their flashback within a flashback .
It seems that after discovering them in Briarcliff , Kitt began to regularly visit Just Betty Judy , because what else did they have to do ( aside from taking care of two motherless toddlers I MEAN ) , until they decided to just adopt them like a kitten at the shelter take their home . You know , for the kids . ( ? ) There , Kitt and some lady , who even knows who they are , no one is going to bother telling us so just forget about it , and the alien bébés helped Just Betty Judy through their detox from the asylum drugs , and through their still-psychotic , chase the children around the house with a broom phases . One day the alien bébés led Just Betty Judy out into the woods where aliens happened , I guess , and after that , Just Betty Judy was healthy and happy and not crazy and they all danced around in the living room until Just Betty Judy got sick and crawled into bed where they told the one alien bébé to not let men define them and the other alien bébé to like their job or something and then the Angel of Death came and was like , U SHUR ? and Just Betty Judy was like YA I 'M SHUR . And then the Angel of Death kissed them and that 's how Just Betty Judy died happily .
Back in present time , Lisa Ling asks Lana Winters , American Treasure ! about their next great exposé : their takedown of Monsignor Cardinal Timothy . After exposing Briarcliff , they and their camera crew chased Monsignor Cardinal Timothy around a parking garage screaming questions about the institution and making thinly veiled threats about the statutes of limitations on murder ( none ) until Monsignor Cardinal Timothy went home and slit their wrists in their bathtub . And that 's how Monsignor Cardinal Timothy died unhappily .
Lana Winters , Let 's Come Clean ! decides then to come clean with Lisa Ling : that thing that they wrote in their book about how their rape baby died in childbirth ? Yeah , that was a lie . They actually survived . Not only that , sometime in the 70s Lana Winters , What Have I Done ? had a case of the guilts , and hunted them down on some playground somewhere , where they chased off some bullies that were picking on him . YOU GO AWAY , BULLIES .
Lisa Ling wonders if they ever regretted not having any other children , and Lana Winters , No Regrets ! is like , No ! And to illustrate this point , let 's talk some more about Kitt Walker . It seems Kitt made Lana Winters , Well , It 's Not Like She 's Going to Have Them Own ! their children 's godmother , and then they got married to some hippie lady and then the one alien bebé grew up to be a Harvard Law professor and the other alien bebé grew up to be a Johns Hopkins neurosurgeon and then Kitt Walker got the pancreatic cancer but it 's OK because the aliens came and took them away on their metal probe ship , and the alien bebés were totally cool with it . And that 's how Kitt Walker did n't die .
With that , the interview is over . Lisa Ling and their crew leave , and Lana Winters , Come Out , Come Out Wherever You Are ! pours two drinks , one for themselves and one for Bloody Face , Jr. who they know is lurking in the curtains . Let 's get this over with , they sigh . Lana Winters , Just Curious ! wonders how Bloody Face , Jr. managed to get on the television crew , and they explain that they killed the donut guy and took their place . So easy ! Bloody Face , Jr. marvels that they even recognize him , and Lana Winters , Acting for Them Life ! gently tells them that of course they recognized their baby boy . It also did n't hurt that they had recently been visited by some police detectives who , armed with their photograph , explained to them that they were under suspicion for 5 deaths , including those of the owners of Dr. Sylar 's former house .
But Bloody Face , Jr. does n't need to know that , so instead , Lana Winters , Fake it Til You Make it ! talks about feeling a connection to them that day on the playground , and that they hoped one day that they would come find them Bloody Face , Jr. , he 's not falling for it . They found Dr. Sylar 's flour confession tape on Ebay , because sure they did , and they heard them call them a monster and the part where they tried to abort them and long story short , he 's not convinced .
And so they put a gun to their head , but Lana Winters , Stay Cool ! stays cool , and tells them that Bloody Face , Sr. did n't believe in guns . Bloody Face , Jr . DOES NOT WANT Them TO TALK ABOUT Their FATHER , but then they get all emotional about how they want their father to be proud of him , & c. Lana Winters , Opportunity Knocks ! tells Bloody Face , Jr. that their father was a monster , but that they could never be like him ; he 's the sweet little boy they met on the playground that day . As they disarm them with their words , they literally disarm him , pushing the gun down away from their face , and slipping it into their own hand , all the while assuring them that it 's not their fault , baby . And it 's just like that Good Will Hunting “ It 's not your fault ” scene , with Lana Winters , Robin Williams ! playing the Robin Williams part , if Robin Williams then shot Matt Damon in the face .
And that 's how Bloody Face , Jr. ( finally ) died . LANA BANANA REMAINS TRIUMPHANT AND COVERED IN THE BLOOD OF Them ENEMIES ( SON ) .
EPILOGUE : Hey , remember when Lana Winters , Girl Reporter ! first visited Briarcliff , and Sister Jude was all BLAH BLAH YOU 'RE OUT OF YOUR DEPTH , DONNIE LADY . AMBITION WILL BE YOUR UNDOING ! ARE YOU READY TO LOOK INTO THE FACE OF EVIL AND HAVE ITS BRAINS SPLATTERED ALL OVER YOUR FACE ?
Yeah .
Alright , so season two : done . I have to admit , I did not care for this season . While the last two episodes were certainly stronger and tied into Ryan Murphy 's original intention to look into the horrors of the mental health system ( and I really dug Lana 's documentary , which seems to be at least partially inspired by Titicut Follies , an actual groundbreaking documentary about a nightmarish 1960s Massachusetts institution ) , the rest of the season was entirely too disjointed , too preachy and crammed with way too many unrelated ideas . Three entire seasons could have been created from the material in this one : 1. a serial killer , Lana Winters vs. Bloody Face season ; 2. a demonic possession/Catholic church season ( maybe even with Nazi undertones if that 's so important to Ryan Murphy , sure , why not ) ; and 3. an alien season .
Or maybe not . You know , let 's just scratch the aliens altogether . Because what even was that , other than a half-baked idea that went nowhere ? I get it , Kitt was supposed to be something of a spiritual figure , the gentle soul of forgiveness that is never broken even after all the horrific things that happen to him . But what do aliens have to do with it ? Besides serving as some sort of parallel to all the angelic shenanigans that were happening ? Next time , let 's leave E.T . out of it , Ryan Murphy .
I also should note that while I had many complaints about the plotting and the ham-fistedness of this season ( we get it , the Catholic church needs to tend to its own house before it goes around demonizing others ; homosexuals are people , too ) , the performances were great fun . Sarah Paulson really shone this season , particularly in the last three episodes when Lana Winters , Celebrity ! was finally able to do something other than be menaced by Bloody Face . Frances Conroy is impeccable ; Zachary Quinto , Lily Rabe , and Ian McShane are great fun to watch as they chew the scenery ; and Jessica Lange , they are Jessica Lange . What more could possibly be said ? ( Although , I will note that Jude was no Constance . Let 's give them a fun role next season , Ryan Murphy . )
Speaking of next season , Ryan Murphy has said that they hid some clues in the past few episodes , and added the following comments about what we can expect :
You said that next year will be lighter . Is that still the case ?
I mean , I do n't think anything could ever be as dark as the mental health care system in our country . I sorta feel like for the third version I want to do something that 's a little bit more “ evil glamour. ” Just something that 's a little bit more…one of the things that I missed this season was I really loved having that Romeo & Juliet youth story with Violet and Tate . I want something like that again and we 're doing something like that in the third season . And we 're contemplating shooting the show in a different place . We 're contemplating shooting it in a place in the country where true horror has been . We 've got lots of delicious plans .
You had said you wanted a younger romance in season 3 . Would Taissa Farmiga , who 's in talks to return , be part of that ?
Yes . There 's a romantic element . I think the whole season I want to be funnier , romantic . But make no mistake , just when I think it 's gon na be a little lighter , I find this great , true-life character that 's the most horrible woman ever created . Is that character the main villain ?
Um kind of . I think Jessica is going back to be in that Constance-vein . She 's gon na go back to their evil roots , Jessica Lange .
EW.com has summarized the hints thusly :
The Season 3 Game Plan . Murphy said they know the tale they want to tell and which horror pop touchstones they want to use . He 'll begin working with the writing staff next week to plot out the saga , then pitch the plan to FX for input and approval . Jessica Lange , Sarah Paulson , and Evan Peters will return next season , playing new characters per the show 's novel anthology format . Murphy also said cast members from season 1 who were n't in season 2 will return , and new faces will be joining the company . Murphy said that Lange has been offering suggestions , specifically actors she 's long wanted to work with . ( He offered no names , though hinted that Oscar winners might be in the mix . ) The third season will be set in multiple cities and in modern times , but will occasionally peek into the past , much like the first season . It will possess a lighter , more romantic and comedic tone , at least compared to season 2 decidedly dark bent , and it will also have a young star-crossed lovers element , similar to Violet & Tate in season 1 . Murphy said “ female power ” will be a major theme . And they have promised Lange a decidedly better wardrobe , so they say to look for the star to play a more “ glammed-out ” character . Finally , Murphy says season 3 will have a signature , iconic monster , a la Rubber Man of season 1 and Bloody Face of season 2 . And this time ? “ She 's a woman . ”
Because of a record label on one of the records in the jukebox that read “ CONGRESS , ” a lot of people seem to think it will have some sort of political bent and take place in Washington . Based on some pretty heavy-handed witch references in the past few episodes others have suggested that it might take place in Salem .
However , between noting that they want to do something with “ evil glamour , ” set someplace “ where true horror has been ” and the repeated possible clues towards witchcraft in the episodes ( “ I Put a Spell on You , ” the talk of paganism , Judy chasing the children around with a broom ) , my best guess is that it is going to take place in New Orleans , or , at the very least , someplace in the Deep South . After all , what is more horrific — and more American — than slavery ?
As for that iconic monster ? The true-life character who is the “ most horrible woman ever created ? ” Meet Delphine LaLaurie , 19th century New Orleans socialite , sociopath and contemporary ( neighbor , even ) of world-famous voodoo queen Marie Laveau . According to legend , Delphine abused their slaves hideously , literally running a torture chamber in their attic until a fire started one night , exposing their depravity to the world . Delphine fled the country before anyone could arrest her , and their house in the French Quarter is one of the most notoriously haunted locations in the city . Now , the whole “ set in modern times ” business throws me for a bit of a loop , but who knows ? Maybe this monster of Ryan Murphy 's will be loosely based on a historical figure from the past .
So tell me , 1. what did you think of this season , and the finale in particular , and 2. where do you think season three will take place ?
American Horror Story airs Wednesday nights at 9 p.m. on FX .
Therese is also watching The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills , The Bachelor , Saturday Night Live and Fringe .
In my previous few posts , I 've explored some of the root issues that stand in the way of well-considered critique habits . This post is focusing on the process of delivering design critique , and what specific areas we can improve .
The above chart describes the overall flow of high-level actions that comprise a successful critique situation . Let 's explore each of them in further detail .
Initiate : The designer initiates a critique session , either through actively requesting it or by attending a meeting that has been formally set up . Having a standing critique meeting encourages designers to work towards critique , rather than having it sprung upon them—though sometimes it 's best to put the designers in control of when critique occurs , so they do n't feel rushed .
I 've purposely not included the `` drive-by critique , '' where the boss happens to wander by the desk and ca n't help but comment . That should not happen without the permission of the designer . So ask before you open your mouth .
Reflect : Participants in the critique should actively solicit the intent of the designer if they are n't familiar with the project ( and its creative brief ) , explore the detail of the design , and gauge the level of fidelity based on where the designer is in the project flow . This all happens before verbalizing any immediate thoughts or impressions . Those participating in critique should also consider any previous experiences they 've had with similar material . As we 'll see later , this may not immediately impact the critique .
This phase can last anywhere from a few seconds to a dozen minutes , depending on how much design work is on the wall and the level of its fidelity .
Assess : There are three questions that I find critical to ask myself before offering comment . If I skip over any one of them , I almost always say something that really does n't contribute to the critique and causes problems both in the critique session and later on in the project .
`` How does the designer 's intent match the brief ? '' Knowing that a design is on strategy , or at least tracing the boundary of it , is a litmus test for measuring creative quality . This question may become less important if you 're working from an intentionally unbounded brief . ( Ulp . ) In those cases , a better question to answer may be , `` How does the designer 's intent shape the strategy ? ''
`` What tangible design decisions contribute to their intent ? '' If we start critiquing the aesthetic details too quickly , hammering on technical deficiencies such as poor kerning or lines that do n't meet up in an illustration , we may be missing opportunities to align around what specific art direction or interaction decisions may strengthen the work .
There 's always time to fix typos and adjust leading . There is rarely enough time to clarify an overall information architecture or art direction too late in the game . Besides , if you spend too much time hammering on the details—forcing designers to become better craftspeople , fostering a detail orientation , etc.—they may not have the space to be more aware of how those details fit into a coherent sequence of designed moments . Bouncing between the big picture and the details is one of the few ways to make sure you do n't slide into a habit of thinking small first .
`` What do they still need to solve for ? '' In critique , we 're often asked to verbalize or sketch out unexplored paths that a designer could follow from where their work currently stands . Providing effective design critique emerges from in measuring what ideas and specific notes will aid the designer in fulfilling their intent—and personal goals too ! From your own experience , and in observing others grappling with similar problems , you may know what is required to help them reach that intent .
Critique : Now that all of this information has worked its way through your brain , you can vocalize , sketch , and otherwise contribute as part of the critique . However , you have a range of actions at your disposal .
You can help to calibrate and otherwise re-align the designer 's intent , if you feel it is either off brief or requires a more articulate strategy . These kinds of conversations should be happening early in the process , but sometimes you do n't understand the implications of a design direction until it reaches high fidelity . So a designer should n't be fearful to scrap everything at the eleventh hour in critique—they should only be fearful that the conversation had n't been evolving that deep rework may be necessary late in the process .
You can provide notes on craft , either to bring the craft in line with their desired art direction or to help identify and improve any technical deficiencies . Clarifying art direction should always trump fixing tiny details—the latter can be worked out via notes written on paper rather than out-loud conversation .
You can praise what is working in the design , choosing to illuminate what intent- and craft-based decisions resonate most powerfully in the work at hand . This should really be happening first and foremost in the design process , and usually follows a formula known as the `` shit sandwich '' in writing workshop circles : identifying a powerful detail or feature and praising it , pointing out an area that may require more work regarding craft or intent , then closing with further praise . Even if you work in a corporate culture that offers criticism before praise , you should measure where praise fits into the process and be prepared to offer it in every critique .
You can choose to defer to comment , delaying critique until the work has had more time and energy invested in it . Designers should never interpret this option as potentially harming their work later down the road . Selecting this option should mean that those in the critique trust the designers to further their work , based on their vocalized current intent and art direction . This is any design manager 's secret weapon , and I know I do n't exercise it often enough . Providing no feedback , or solely positive feedback regarding what 's working best , will create the necessary space for creative leaps to happen .
Do n't allow delaying critique to turn into a passive-aggressive method of control . And keep in mind that you should also offer your designers the choice of what kind of critique they may want to receive . They may just want you to see where they 're at , but no detailed feedback whatsoever . Do n't feel like you 're required to lob a nuclear bomb at design work that often needs just a gentle nudge down an alternate path .
Again : Let the work be good !
What Good Design Critique Tastes Like
Unlike other types of wines and spirits , there is a unique method of properly discerning the many distinct notes in a glass of quality sake . Compare this to the tasting of red wine , where a person may hold the liquid on their tongue for fifteen to thirty seconds before the full complexity and body of a decanted wine yields full bloom .
When trying a new sake for the first time , take a drink from the glass , then hold the liquid on your tongue and soft palate . Breathe slowly inward and outward for one breath . The sake will open up , revealing secondary characteristics that would have remained otherwise unobserved . The drinker can then swallow the sake , discerning the difference between the first taste , the second taste upon the palate , and then the wine 's overall finish .
In a similar manner , reflection must precede analysis if you are n't going to solely `` shoot '' at creative work . When dealing with complex subject matter , the end product may feel simple , but there is always enough detail layered underneath that requires deep consideration to properly vocalize how it may be improved .
So in this New Year , consider how to create these moments where you can hold creative work on your tongue , savour it , and let it be good in its own right . It is these moments that we will enjoy most and will most nourish us as designers , as leaders , and as members of collaborative teams .
Otherwise , that bitter taste in your mouth at the end of every project wo n't be the bite of strong , celebratory champagne .
Many thanks to Mary Paynter Sherwin , who helped create the central theme of this series .
Copyright by WFLA - All rights reserved
KRQE - ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. ( KRQE ) – A typical sobriety test usually requires walking in a straight line , but one Albuquerque woman took the test in a different direction , displaying their acrobatic skills instead .
`` Where 's this direction ? Face that direction for me , with your whole body . We 're not doing yoga . I do n't know what you 're doing , put your hands down , '' an officer said .
Police say Bryelle Marshall was seen sleeping in their car near Zuni and Pennsylvania Friday night . According to a criminal complaint , police say they reeked of alcohol , but they told the officer otherwise .
`` Have you consumed any alcoholic beverages today ? '' the Albuquerque Police officer asked .
`` No , I 'm fine , '' Marshall replied .
After having a hard time standing up straight , the video shows the officer trying to have Marshall walk in a straight line . That proves to be a challenge as well .
`` Turn around and face me . Your whole body , face me . With your hands down…I do n't know what you 're doing , '' the officer said .
What they end up doing is a cartwheel , followed by another after the officer tries to show them what to do .
`` Okay well , I 'll demonstrate it for you . Right foot in front of your left , hands down at your side , not doing somersaults , '' the officer said .
The officer gives them one more chance to walk in a straight line , also warning them to not do another cartwheel .
`` Do n't do it , because you 're going to hit me and I 'm going to charge you with a battery , '' the officer said .
They show them one last time what they need to do , but once again , comes out unsuccessful .
`` When you get to that ninth step you 're going to take your rear foot out…OK , we 're done , '' the officer said .
The video shows Marshall was then placed under arrest .
Police say when they got their downtown to do a breathalyzer , they ended up kicking the officer in the back of the leg .
Marshall was charged with battery and aggravated DWI for refusing the breathalyzer .
http : //wx.wfla.com/oembed/app_promo/app_dl.html
Google 's Nexus 5 is not a real thing yet , but at this point it 's a foregone conclusion ; Google will update its Android reference smartphone , which comes with the clean stock version of its mobile operating system , and it 'll probably do it today . Which is why it makes perfect sense that the leaks are now flying fast and furious .
The Nexus 5 will reportedly be unveiled later today , sometime around 8 AM PST according to a report from GottaBeMobile , and it 'll begin shipping tomorrow , November 1 with orders starting immediately . Whether or not it happens right at that time , the case remains that we 're probably going to see the phone today at some point , since a number of earlier reports also indicated Oct. 31 as the time for its official debut .
Google 's Nexus 5 is likely sourced from hardware partner LG , just like the Nexus 4 , and it is said to have a 4.95-inch , 1080p display , with a Snapdragon 800 processor running at 2.3GHz , 2GB of RAM , 16 or 32 GB of storage , an 8 megapixel rear camera/1.3 megapixel front , and Android 4.4 KitKat . It 'll likely be the first KitKat device , which is a software update that brings a lot of refinements , along with replacing the stock SMS app with Google Hangouts now that it has SMS integration , we 're hearing .
According to one T-Mobile employee , the Nexus 5 will be available at that carrier the same day it 's announced , and will cost roughly the same as the Nexus 4 did on T-Mo last year ( which is to say , at a considerable markup ) . Google has also updated the look and design of the Play Devices web store , prompting some to note that this could be in preparation for a Nexus 5 listing .
Google 's Nexus 5 seems like it 'll be a match for the current crop of top Android smartphones , at least on paper , and it 's a handsome device if early render and photo leaks are to be believed . Price and international availability remain the biggest question marks at this point , as well as the exact timing of availability , but we 'll be sure to bring you more as soon as we get any official info from Google .
Story highlights Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison , mounting a bid to become DNC chair , criticized President-elect Donald Trump on Monday , expressing disapproval of their appointments
Ellison said he 's `` concerned '' about Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions nomination for attorney general , and slammed the appointment of Stephen Bannon as a chief White House aide
( CNN ) Rep. Keith Ellison sounded a defiant tone Monday when asked about giving President-elect Donald Trump a chance to succeed , saying that Trump `` has already made it pretty clear where he 's going with this thing '' with their appointments so far .
`` I am giving them a chance . They have selected [ Stephen ] Bannon , he 's not talking about reform , he 's bringing lobbyists in already , '' Ellison -- an emerging leader in the Democratic Party who is mounting a bid for Democratic National Committee chair -- said in an interview on `` New Day . ''
`` My thing is , yeah , we gave them a chance already . And they put in Bannon , they put in [ ret . Lt. Gen. Michael ] Flynn , and they put in Jeff Sessions , '' the Minnesota lawmaker continued , rattling off a list of hardliners and loyalists whom Trump has named to high-profile administration posts . `` To me , he 's already made it pretty clear where he 's going with this thing . ''
Ellison zeroed in on the selection of Sessions for attorney general , saying that Sessions ' failed confirmation as a federal judge under President Ronald Reagan is `` really a problem . ''
`` Let me just tell you , man , anybody who is rejected from a judgeship because of their record of racism , I just think you know you really got to be concerned about that , '' they said .
Read More
WHEN not organising protests at the gates of Basra 's giant oilfields , jobless graduates spend their days playing dominoes on the banks of the Shatt al-Arab river . By night , giant gas flares light the sky and their game , partly compensating for the blackouts . “ We provide the oil that powers the world , but live in darkness , ” says a sometime protester .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
The authorities dispersed the demonstrators , violently , after Lukoil , a Russian oil firm , threatened to halt production . But few predict quiet . Bereft of hope , the players debate abandoning peaceful protest and summoning the Hashad al-Shabi , the Iranian-backed militias the ayatollahs raised to beat back Islamic State ( IS ) , to intervene on their behalf . While the world has looked north to the war on IS , local politicians argue that the south poses no less a threat . “ Basra is financing Iraq , ” says Ali Shaddad al-Fares , who heads the local council 's oil committee . “ Iraq 's stability depends on Basra 's stability . ”
Basra should be Iraq 's most successful province . It lies furthest from IS 's front lines and has a tradition as the country 's most cosmopolitan city . It remains the country 's dynamo . It has Iraq 's only ports , and oil production that generates around 95 % of the government 's oil revenues . But four decades of war , sanctions , occupation , neglect and Shia infighting have rendered it decrepit and dysfunctional . Its utilities are worse than those of Mosul , Iraq 's second city , which is controlled by IS . Power cuts last most of the day . The water is stickily saline . The air is acrid from oil plumes and from sewage that dribbles into collapsed canals which once saw Basra called “ the Venice of the East ” . Cholera is back . “ Our health was better under sanctions and Saddam Hussein , ” says a local councillor .
With nothing to do , the city 's youth turn to militias for jobs . They are probably the province 's largest employer . 70 % of the Hashad come from Basra , its commanders say . International oil companies might have kick-started the economy , but chose to locate all but essential operations abroad . Though local hire is cheaper , under their oil contracts , whoever they hire the Iraqi government pays . Such are the inflated costs that producing a barrel of Iraqi oil costs twice as much as in Saudi Arabia .
The oil companies argue that foreign labour is more reliable . But had the security environment been better and had Iraq paid its dues , they might have established training centres and universities in Iraq just as they did in Saudi Arabia . By sealing themselves off from Iraq , they are creating a vicious circle . As the gap between them and the locals widen , grievances mount . Worried about the prospects , Occidental Petroleum Corp , America 's fourth-largest producer , asked the government to buy back its stake in Zubair , a large southern oilfield , last month .
Iraqi politics compounds the lack of opportunity . The ruling parties in Baghdad divvy up the oil revenues before they trickle south . Their local representatives immobilise the rest . Basra 's governor , council head and mayor all belong to rival religious Shia parties . Each vetoes the others ' decisions and projects . Their militiamen jostle for control on the streets . In October 2014 Badr , the most powerful militia group , took over Saddam 's palace , from where the British ran their occupation in 2003 , and pinned portraits of Iran 's supreme leader , Ali Khamenei , and Shia Iraq 's own religious leader , Ali al-Sistani , on its walls . Posters of their martyrs line Basra 's highways . The limited political freedoms gained since Saddam 's fall are receding .
“ We 're fooling them that they 'll have prospects , ” says Rashwan Sharif , a speaker at a recent gathering of 50 computer programmers spending the weekend under the banner “ No talk , all action , launch a startup in 54 hours ” . “ Basra is like the Titanic . It 's very rich , but on course for an iceberg. ” The oil companies invited all cried off , citing prohibitive security costs . “ The middle class are selling what assets they still have and are fleeing the country , ” says a local journalist , who is toying with following them . Flights bound for Istanbul leave full and return half empty . But the numbers in Basra are quickly replenished . Land clearance for oilfields has triggered a rural flight , ringing the city in shantytowns . More arrive from poorer neighbouring provinces with no oil . As an urban middle class is replaced by more conservative , poorer people from the countryside , Basra 's character is changing .
“ We never had tribal feuds , ” says a rare local female film-maker , Kholoud Jabbar . “ We were a port city . We were open to outside cultures. ” Sheikh Zayed bin Nahyan , the first emir of the Emirates , is said to have so enjoyed Basra 's bars and restaurants that they used it as their model for Dubai . Its art scene was the region 's liveliest . But its open-air cinemas have long since closed under a religious ban . Basra 's old lattice balconies droop into the canals . Carved Ottoman doors fall from their hinges and clog the alleys . Restoration of the city 's grand old Jewish and Greek palaces stopped when Saddam was overthrown .
An hour 's drive north of Basra , the city of Amara shows what could be possible . There , the Shia religious parties co-operate , holding each other to account rather than blocking each other 's projects . The province has revamped its roads and sewage system and sports flashy government buildings . Chinese contractors shop in the markets without their security escorts . Two new gas-powered plants are set to fire up next year . But much worse can happen , too . In 2013 Iraqis in the disenfranchised north-west staged months of protests , which the authorities ignored and then fiercely repressed . Islamic State took their place , offering another way .
Gabi Garcia , who is scheduled to compete at Rizin 's two-day New Year 's Eve special , is in the middle of another controversy , this time stemming from their weigh in .
Thursday in Japan , Garcia severely missed weight and tipped the scales at 107.7 kg ( 236.94 lbs ) . Even with the half kilo allowance , that still makes them 12.2 kg ( 26.84 lbs ) over the contracted limit of 95 kg ( 209 lbs ) . Them opponent , 53-year-old Shinobu Kandori , weighed in well below that , at just 73.75 kg ( 162.25 lbs ) .
Officially , they are almost 75 lbs apart in weight , but Garcia was cutting water weight the night before , so that gap could be much bigger .
After hearing about the discrepancy in weight , Kandori screamed at Garcia before storming off the stage . Rizin head Nobuyuki Sakakibara spoke about possibly cancelling the contest , but no official announcement has been made as of this writing .
Garcia , 4-0-1 , is still technically undefeated in their foray into MMA , but it has n't been smooth sailing for the decorated BJJ champion 's career .
Them last bout was an instant no-contest after they poked Oksana Gagloeva in the eyes in just 16 seconds . In the same month , the heavyweight destroyed a 45-year-old flyweight by landing multiple illegal soccer kicks at their smaller foe . They were given a red card , but was surprisingly deemed as a no-contest instead of a disqualification . Since it was a shoot-boxing bout , it did n't count on their MMA record .
Before that , Garcia notched their fourth official win in MMA , knocking out a then 49-year-old Yumiko Hotta in just 41 seconds . Garcia 's NYE opponent in Kandori is Hotta 's older teammate and training partner .
Garcia took to social media about the weigh-in mishap , saying they wo n't be getting a replacement opponent , and that they will eventually give their side to explain .
Former CAG Vinod Rai 's criticism of ex-PM Manmohan Singh 's handling of the various scams that hit the UPA government may not have gone down too well with many of their own colleagues and some of them have taken to social media to voice their criticism of their new book .
According to an Economic Times report , among the reasons that officials , many of whom are at a senior position , are upset supposedly with Rai 's 'revelations ' in their new book , 'The Diary of the Nation 's Conscience Keeper — Not Just An Accountant ' are the fact that they are an IAS officer and is not qualified as an auditor , and acts of impropriety disclosed by Rai in their book .
The business daily report quotes a Facebook post of a serving principal accountant general questioning Rai 's right to go ahead with publishing the work of CAG officials without seeking their permission .
The post , according to ET , saw several officials 'like ' it while others were forthcoming and question Rai 's right to write the book .
`` Somebody takes material produced by the labour of a large number of people in the department and fashions it in such a way that it will earn them lakhs of rupees . What right do they have to do this ? And we in the department still insist on supporting him . God help us ! If they had the courage of their conviction , they should have put all these facts in the public domain when they were happening and faced the consequences . I would then have saluted him . ''
While refusing to comment on the book , former PM Singh said `` I , indeed , did my duty . Well , I do not want to comment on other people ( and ) what they have written . ''
Rai , who had demitted office last year after several run-ins with the UPA government and had estimated a `` notional '' loss of Rs . 1.76 lakh crore in the 2G spectrum allocation and Rs 1.86 lakh crore in coal block allocations , was severe in their comments on Singh .
`` See the prime minister is the first among equals . They have to take the last call which sometimes they did , sometimes they did n't . Everything can not be sacrificed only to remain in power . Governance can not be sacrificed at the altar of compulsion of coalition politics . I have said it in the book , '' Rai said in comments to The Times of India .
The former CAG , in an interview to Times Now said that if Singh had wanted , they could have prevented the 2G scam , as they had ample opportunities to do so .
`` All matters of importance goes to the PM . All the bucks stop on the desk of the PM . In fact , then commerce minister Kamal Nath wrote to the PM expressing concern on the developments on the 2G front . Even the finance and law ministries had expressed their reservations in their respective communication to the PM , '' Rai said .
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp . For the latest analysis , commentary and news updates , sign up for our WhatsApp services . Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button .
Hillary Clinton 's ties to satanic rituals and the occult have been well-documented for decades .
Clinton insider Larry Nichols told Infowars that Hillary Clinton used to attend a “ witch 's church ” in Los Angeles during Bill 's presidency .
And a source claimed many FBI agents consider Clinton to be “ the Antichrist personified . ”
Also , DC insider Doug Hagmann broke the news that the NYPD found a blackmail sex network on Anthony Weiner 's computer .
Furthermore , the latest bombshell to come from WikiLeaks connects Clinton campaign head John Podesta to top occultist Marina Abramovic .
Infowars reporter Paul Joseph Watson breaks down the “ spirit cooking ” ritual :
The Clinton Satanic network has now been exposed on a national level thanks to WikiLeaks .
Abramovic in particular invited Podesta to a “ spirit cooking ” dinner , an occult ritual started by infamous Satanist Aleister Crowley , which involves eating semen , blood and breast milk .
Here are some examples of what a “ spirit cooking ” dinner with Marina Abramovic looks like :
Another email from WikiLeaks even shows Abramovic being invited to Hillary Clinton 's campaign launch party .
The Drudge Report linked this article at the top of the site propelling the hashtag # SpiritCooking to the top of Twitter 's trending hashtag section .
The internet exploded this morning after the news broke .
When you click on the top trending hashtag # SpiritCooking on Twitter , Hillary Clinton 's page comes up :
Here 's Abramovic pictured hanging out with top musicians Jay-Z and Lady Gaga .
The Elites are Satanists . Ppl have been called conspiracy theorists for DECADES & it 's true . Jay-Z w/ Maria Abramovic themselves # SpiritCooking pic.twitter.com/Dn70eD5daS — ALWAYS TRUMP ! ( @ Always_Trump ) November 4 , 2016
It 's perfectly normal that this woman is close friends with Hillary campaign leaders . # SpiritCooking pic.twitter.com/uC4agv7kz1 — Paul Joseph Watson ( @ PrisonPlanet ) November 4 , 2016
# SpiritCooking More pictures w/ Marina Abramovic & Lady Gaga ; nude African man humiliated by a tree via @ RealityCallsV pic.twitter.com/aWnVF17yA3 — MicroTurkeyLeaks™ ( @ WDFx2EU7 ) November 4 , 2016
Alex Jones has been proven right about the Clinton 's connections to Satanism :
Also , Infowars reporter David Knight investigates Marina Abramovic and their ties to the Clinton campaign :
And Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta is involved in satanic rituals :
Learn more about Clinton 's demonic fetish below :
During the RNC in Cleveland , Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson called out Clinton on their luciferian ties .
Similarly , an article from CNN in 1996 discusses Hillary 's affiliation with dark magic .
More information on that article can be found here .
Bill Clinton 's book My Life : The Early Years describes their trips to Haiti where they participated in “ voodoo rituals . ”
So far , all these revelations has hurt the Clinton campaign and Hillary is already losing voters .
I 'm seriously am about to call the board of elections and see if I can change my vote # SpiritCooking — Aniyah ✨ ( @ aniyah_vernisha ) November 4 , 2016
I just recently switched to Trump , & glad I did
Wo n't have none of that devil worship in my white house # SpiritCooking pic.twitter.com/SXOGjA7fUy — Erma Jackson ( @ ErmaJackson20 ) November 4 , 2016
Ironically , the media attacked Alex Jones for calling Hillary a demon :
Also , check out occult expert Mark Dice 's latest videos on the subject since the news broke :
“ There are going to be losers ”
Students Voted Off Board at Governors ' Meeting
Follow @ laurabeeston
Photo Julia Wolfe
Student representation is set to be slashed on the Board of Governors , the highest decision-making body at Concordia University , after a vote was passed to amend the membership makeup .
Immediately following the vote , the four undergraduate and one graduate student representatives walked out of the meeting in protest .
“ The same people who have the ability to say how the University functions [ … ] and make decisions that directly impact the lives of students are the same people who have explicitly stated and formed a motion saying they do n't want students at the table , ” said Concordia Student Union President Lex Gill following the meeting .
By the end of this academic year , undergraduate students will have only one seat on the Board—going from 10 per cent voting power down to four per cent .
“ It 's about students having a massive stake in the university , and the university closing them out of the decision-making process , ” Gill continued .
Throughout the meeting , the student reps put forward various motions to change or delay the passage of Article 23 in the Bylaws , which effectively breaks down the Board of Governors ' composition and limits student representation . They were voted down .
Article 23 had been an unresolved issue on various Board and Senate committees over the last month , and student reps called for it to be debated further .
“ Postponing is not a solution , ” said Board member , and member of the Ad Hoc Governance Review Committee , Rita de Santis . “ We need to forge ahead to put these policies in place [ … ] to immediately bring our governance [ structure ] into the 21st century . ”
De Santis went on to explain that students should be thankful to have the proposed “ alternate governor ” because other universities offer their undergrads even less power . The alternate will not have voting rights on the Board , but can participate fully on committees .
“ Your voice is n't going down too much , ” they told the student reps , “ [ but ] there are going to be losers . ”
Throughout the meeting , tensions grew between the Board executive , student reps and audience members . Immediately before the vote , undergraduate student Alex Matak—who ran as an independent candidate in last April 's CSU election—was vocal in their dissent .
“ The fact of the matter is , [ the Board ] has sat here and said very eloquently that [ they ] care about students and care about the Concordia community and that [ they ] want to keep in mind the bigger picture , ” they said . “ But Peter Kruyt has , throughout this entire meeting , policed student speech more than anyone else , he 's stopped them from talking and he 's been condescending to them .
“ This whole morning has been [ about debating ] Article 23 . Perhaps that 's an indication that there is something wrong with what you 're about to vote on . I 'd like to let you know that as a student at Concordia , if you vote this through , I 'm going to be very ashamed , and I think a lot of other people are too . ”
Kruyt responded to Matak , saying , “ What you are doing is a disservice to the students. ” They then suggested , “ Perhaps we should n't have an audience [ in the meetings ] at all . ”
The Amendments were then passed through secret ballot , though Gill challenged the Chair as to why the vote—which they called the most important in Concordia 's governance history—was n't more transparent .
Stay tuned for more coverage .
By commenting on this page you agree to the terms of our Comments Policy .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
During dormancy , purple pitcher plants and their hybrids certainly live up to their name ! I am always fascinated by how deep and dark their color gets in the winter . Check out the photos below !
The dark purple color also contrasts a lot with the slippery hairs on their hoods . They look so old and grizzled ! Which makes sense , since they are the oldest pitchers .
I 've said several times that I feel dormancy has its own special beauty to it , and these dark purple pitchers are certainly part of that !
It has been a brief , warm dormancy here in California , though . The dark purple , grizzled pitchers have n't even started turning brown and dead yet , and I 'm already seeing new signs of life ! Check out this flower bud already emerging from my S. flava “ Cuprea ” ! This is the first flower bud I 've seen on it ! I 'M EXCITED IN CASE YOU COULD N'T TELL .
I 'm certainly not complaining about the mild dormancy ! I 'm ready to say goodbye to winter and excited to start tackling some of my goals for this year ! We 're expecting temperatures in the 70s F ! Man , I love living in California .
I 'll show more signs of life later this week ! To celebrate the new growing season , I 'll be doing a series of giveaways soon ! I 'll be giving away plants AND items from my store ! Enter your email below to get first dibs !
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israeli satellite operator Space Communications said on Wednesday it would launch a new telecommunications satellite in 2019 after losing a prior one in an explosion .
Spacecom said it was buying a satellite from Boeing Satellite Systems International for $ 161 million .
The new satellite , Amos-17 , is aimed at expanding and strengthening Spacecom 's coverage of growing satellite service markets in Africa , the Middle East and Europe , it said .
Amos-17 is designed to operate for more than 15 years .
“ It will be a catalyst for Spacecom 's growth plans over the next decade , ” the company said in a statement .
Spacecom last year lost contact with its Amos-5 satellite , which was launched in 2011 and provided coverage to clients in Africa .
It had planned to launch Amos-6 on Sept. 3 but two days before the scheduled launch an explosion destroyed both the satellite and a Falcon 9 rocket belonging to Elon Musk 's SpaceX during preparations for a routine test firing at Cape Canaveral in Florida .
Amos-6 was going to be used by Facebook to expand Internet access in Africa .
Spacecom is in negotiations to be sold to Beijing Xinwei Technology Group , which in August said its planned $ 285 million bid was conditional on the successful launch of Amos-6 .
Beijing Xinwei said last month the purchase price had been lowered to about $ 190 million .
Israel 's Eurocom Holdings owns 64 percent of Spacecom , whose shares were up 3.6 percent in afternoon trading in Tel Aviv but are down some 70 percent since Amos-6 was destroyed .
Jack Kelly ( also known as Uncle Jack ) is Charlie Kelly 's uncle . They have small hands and likes taking pictures on a disposable camera for their website . It is strongly implied that they molested Charlie .
In Season Five they rented a room from their sister Bonnie Kelly but by Season Six they had moved out .
Contents show ]
Early life Edit
At some point during Charlies 's childhood they lived with Bonnie and they shared a room with Charlie .
Jack watched Charlie 's intervention when Bonnie was convinced by Dennis and Dee that Charlie was molested as a child . Jack took great pleasure in watching Charlie point where they were molested on a doll . ( `` Charlie Got Molested '' )
Jack is a lawyer who helped Dennis get a divorce from Maureen Ponderosa . ( `` Dennis Gets Divorced '' ) They acted as a representative of Frank 's as Frank crusaded for gun ownership , but kept changing the subject to `` tasteful photography '' , an example of which was a picture of a boy in shorts sitting on a couch they showed on a live TV broadcast . ( `` Gun Fever Too : Still Hot '' )
Character history Edit
Season 1 Edit
Jack is at the intervention that Charlie 's family holds for them when they believe that they were molested as a child . They take quite an intense interest in watching Charlie point out where they were touched on a doll . ( `` Charlie Got Molested '' )
Season 4 Edit
Given the clues and hints at Season 1 and Season 5 regarding Jack 's relationship with Charlie , it is most likely that the `` Nightman '' that is portrayed on the episode `` The Nightman Cometh '' is Jack Kelly .
Season 5 Edit
After Frank sublets their apartment , forcing Charlie out , they approach their mother about letting them move in . Bonnie tells them that they have rented their old room to Uncle Jack . Uncle Jack is more than willing to share the room with Charlie , saying that they can `` pal around '' and `` get nuts '' . Charlie refuses , however , mentioning how Jack `` tried to share my room with me when I was a kid '' . ( `` The Great Recession '' )
Season 6 Edit
Jack acts as the lawyer for both Dennis ' divorce and the annulment of Frank and Charlie 's marriage . They also advise Dee on what to do when they discover they have unwittingly helped Bill Ponderosa kidnap their kids , though they do n't quite appreciate their advice . In the end , when it 's time for them to negotiate with The Lawyer , who is representing Maureen Ponderosa , they `` freezes up '' and gets far-less-than-favorable terms for Dennis in the divorce settlement . They compliment The Lawyer 's hands quite a few times before and after their negotiations , and asks The Lawyer to put their hands over their own when they have a picture of them taken `` for the website . '' ( `` Dennis Gets Divorced '' )
Season 9 Edit
Jack accompanies Frank on some of their media appearances to advocate for gun ownership . On one appearance , Jack worries that their hands will look too small on TV . Though Frank and Jack are on TV to argue for Second Amendment rights , Jack starts talking about the government infringing on our rights to have tasteful artistic art , holding up a picture of a boy in shorts sitting on a couch as an example . Later , when Frank announces a rally in support of gun rights , Jack is sure to remind everyone to bring their kids . ( `` Gun Fever Too : Still Hot '' )
Season 11 Edit
Jack is seen alongside Charlie and Bill Ponderosa in a courtroom as Bill 's lawyer . Jack is seen wearing giant hand gloves over their real hands which is referencing to the fact that Jack loves big , masculine hands ( especially The Lawyer 's hands in ( `` Dennis Gets Divorced '' ) ) . Jack at one point flings their hands in a particular direction and one of their gloves fly off . They screech , running over to pick it up , `` Nobody look ! '' . In the next scene , we can see the gloves duct-taped onto himself , so that the same problem would n't occur . Jack crumbles under pressure however , leaving Charlie to try and win the case . ( `` McPoyle vs. Ponderosa : The Trial of the Century '' )
Season 12 Edit
Uncle Jack is seen in Bonnie 's house going to get their hard drive under the floorboards in `` Old Lady House : A Situation Comedy '' . They constantly touch Charlie even after Charlie warns them to stop .
Season 13 Edit
Uncle Jack joins the gang on their trip to the Super Bowl . ( `` Charlie 's Home Alone '' ) ( `` The Gang Wins the Big Game '' )
Appearances Edit
Quotes Edit
Uncle Jack : It 'll be fun , you know , you and me ... pallin ' around ... gettin nuts ! Goin ' crazy .... Charlie : I 'm not doin ' any kinda ... crazy things you want me to do with you Uncle Jack ... Uncle Jack : It 's stuff that relatives do , we 'll share the room Charlie ... Charlie : I do n't wan na share the room with you dude , because I will spend the whole night wide awake just like when I was a kid and you tried to share my room . Uncle Jack : You have ever seen wrestlin ' on television ? Charlie : I am well aware of what wrestling is , it 's just not what uncles do to their nephews ! I 'm outta here ! Uncle Jack : Hey I 'll call you later . Charlie : I know you will ! Uncle Jack : Hold on , fellas . I 'm Jack Kelly . I 'm a lawyer . The Lawyer : Hello Jack Kelly . The pleasure is all mine . Uncle Jack : It 's a pleasure to meet you . The Lawyer : Pleasure 's ... still ... Why do n't we just get started ? Uncle Jack : Why do n't we just get started ?
Uncle Jack : For the website !
You have perhaps already managed to tap into the new force that sits ready and waiting for you dear ones , the force that will bring you all the way across that threshold you seem to have been hovering before for such a long time now . You see , this is indeed an exciting time for you all , as you have all been readied for this final stage of this enormous salvage operation , if we may use such a word , but now , things will start to get into the swing as it were . You see , these times will not go unnoticed by anyone , as the heightened levels of energetic emissions that will hit your own personal atmosphere have never been higher , and as such , they will have a deep impact on you all . We are well aware that for most of you , the impact you have registered so far can perhaps not be described as entirely positive , if positive at all , for they can mainly be described as deep and throbbing pain within your physical tissues and as anxiety , unease and perhaps even anger on your mental level . But now , the veil will start to lift in a way that will help you all to see beyond this energetic unpleasantness and give you that first glimpse of the freedom that lies beyond this veil of forgetfulness , toil and travail that has been suspended between you and the world of your dreams .
We know these words may seem to be overly lofty to some , as you have perhaps already gotten ready to toss that word “ dream ” on the scrapheap , for to you , there seem to be nothing more to dream about , as what you have wanted for so long seem to have reverted further and further into the distance , while your physical body has been reduced more and more to a heap of listless , exhausted remains . But hear us out when we say that your dream has not been torn to tatters , it is simply your human residue that is still overpowering you with is need to state its displeasure with all of these changes . For remember , beneath this layer of utter exhaustion , pain and displeasure lies not only a totally renewed physical body , therein lies also the brand new you , the that will soon be allowed to come out and shine its true light for the very first time .
We are aware that our words will be insufficient comfort to those of you carrying the heaviest burden of these symptoms , but we also know that none of you have lost the dream that you came here to realise . For that dream is still very much present within you , and not only as a mere figment of your imagination . No , it is there as a seed , ready to come in to full bloom at the earliest opportunity . For what you describe as your dream , is simply your part of the asupervisorstioned blueprint that you all came carrying with you as you incarnated on this planet . And as such , it is not just a wild and improbable part of your imagination , it is simply an apt description of what you came here to manifest .
So as you face those last few hours of the year that you have designated as 2013 , know that your dream is already starting to send out those first tender tendrils of its roots , and it is getting ready to germinate in a way that will take your breath away once you see the first little shoots emerge from that dormant seed of your dream . For it is not only you who have come here to blossom , it is that dream of yours , the dream that you share with millions of other enlightened beings present on this planet at this very time . And do not think that you are here by accident , and that what you have done so far has not bored any fruits . No , your labour has been fruitful in so many ways , as you have used the time well . For you have managed to make yourself start to blossom in a way that was not possible before , and as you all start to stretch to your full height towards the light , that dormant seed of your dream within each and every one of you is also starting to sprout . So as you look back on this industrious year , know that the year you see ahead , the year that is about to begin , will be known as the prosperous one , the fruitful one , the one that will make millions of seeds grow . And what they will grow into , can simply be described like this : the garden of Eden .
Advertisements
The Denver Nuggets front office hopes to sign their 2014 first-round pick Gary Harris to a rookie scale extension , according to reports .
In their article about the team re-signing Mason Plumlee , ESPN 's Adrian Wojnarowski mentioned that Denver will next work to sign the 23-year-old guard to a rookie contract extension .
Kevin O'Connor wrote about why the Nuggets will want to sign Harris to a rookie scale extension before the deadline on October 16 ( via The Ringer ) :
“ Harris is imperfect , but they have foundational skills that 'll lead to a long career . That is precisely why I 'd be pushing for a deal now if I were Denver . If Harris builds on their progress from last season , in the form of an improved handle or a sustained shooting percentage , then it 's conceivable that a team could throw a max offer sheet their way . ”
While it would be surprising to see them sign a max deal before they have made an All-Star team , it 's happened before . In this case , it does not seem possible after signing Plumlee – considering they 'll need to re-sign Nikola Jokic as well as Jamal Murray .
Harris , however , is a two-way player who has improved each season of their career thus far . Even if it does n't take a max contract to retain him , it wo n't be cheap .
They are projected to earn north of $ 20 million per season if they become a restricted free agent . The team could have around $ 1.6 million in cap next offseason . If both Wilson Chandler and Darrell Arthur decline their player options , the team would have the money to afford a big payday for Harris .
It would not be surprising if they sign a deal in the next week before camp begins , considering they have shown an extreme interest in continuity as an organization .
You may have wondered in the past what the funniest video to appear on YouTube is . I bet , whatever criteria you used , you would n't choose this one . Which is odd , because according to Google 's comedy algorithm , it should have us all in stitches .
As part of a research project , Google set out to find a way in which they could calculate how funny YouTube videos are . Huh , right . Because everybody knows that computers and algorithms have a great sense of humor , right ?
Advertisement
That was n't enough to put Google off , though . A team of researchers developed software that looks for sounds associated with laughter , internet acronyms and emoticons to rate humor . How ... advanced . It gets better : It then ranks them according to those same features . As in , their algorithm ranks LMAO above lmao , and LOOOOOOOL over plain old LOL . Throw some exclamation points in and , wow , the commenter must think it 's funny .
Roll all that together , and the highest ranking videos were then spat out into a public vote . The winner was `` Ceiling Fan Trick Knockdown '' . Seriously , Google ? [ Google ]
President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE claims they could have defeated President Obama in a head-to-head matchup .
“ President Obama said that they think they would have won against me . They should say that but I say NO WAY ! — jobs leaving , ISIS , [ ObamaCare ] , etc. ” Trump tweeted on Monday afternoon .
President Obama said that they think they would have won against me . They should say that but I say NO WAY ! - jobs leaving , ISIS , OCare , etc . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) December 26 , 2016
ADVERTISEMENT
In a CNN podcast hosted by David Axelrod on Monday , Obama said a message of optimism , like theirs in 2008 , could have defeated Trump 's more divisive brand of populism .
Axelrod , who served as chief strategist for Obama 's presidential campaigns and as a senior adviser in Obama 's first administration , tweeted about the president-elect 's response on Monday evening .
Did n't take long for @ realDonaldTrump to react . It would be fun to see THAT race ! To hear full @ POTUS podcast : https : //t.co/khM253oHKc https : //t.co/XxFE0B0D1E — David Axelrod ( @ davidaxelrod ) December 26 , 2016
Recent approval polls by Rasmussen and Gallup both pin Obama 's approval rating at 56 percent . A Dec. 21 poll from USA Today has Trump at 41 percent — 15 points lower than the outgoing president .
We have all been annoyed by them - advertisements , pop-ups , spam letters , 'you-won ' windows and the list goes on . And many ask : why are spam emails being spent at all ? The answer would seem obvious : because they are ( at least somewhat ) effective as a method of marketing . But is that assumption testable , and the profits measurable ? It would appear that they are - and seven computer scientists at the UCLA , Los Angeles did just that .
Source : Washington Post
What is a spam ?
high conversion rate - that is , the number of people buying the product divided by the total amount of advertisement viewers . Spam - the term comes from a Monty Python sketch - is a collective term for all forms of unwanted online advertising . In it 's the most basic form , hundreds of thousands of e-mails are being sent from computers infected by malware , with the advertisers hoping that their links will have a- that is , the number of people buying the product divided by the total amount of advertisement viewers .
Organising the distribution of these spam e-mails is once again hard work - a common method is the usage of a Storm Botnet , a centralised network of infected computers , headed by the bot master and the master servers . These provide commands for the proxy bots , which act as 'leaders ' of their own respective groups of infected computers . Due to the multiple layers of organisation , the culprits remain untraceable , and the entire activity falls into the so-called informal economy .
Business model
Spammers set up the bot networks and send out the e-mails , but they are n't the ones whose products are needed to be sold . How does the business network of the spam industry look like , then ? Thanks to a former spammer ( whose experiences have been referenced to in the study above ) , we can provide a near-complete picture - even though it has to be noted that the model varies case by case .
The complete chain involves merchants , e-mail list traders , spammers , botnet managers , and the target audience .
Merchants are the companies and entrepreneurs who would like to sell their goods online , using spam marketing . They are the 'bad guys ' - their goods , which include so-called 'male enhancement products ' , prescription drugs and online are the companies and entrepreneurs who would like to sell their goods online , using spam marketing . They are the 'bad guys ' - their goods , which include so-called 'male enhancement products ' , prescription drugs and online gambling subscriptions , are often of low quality or even worse , fake .
E-mail list traders are programmer specialists responsible for the creation of target lists , writing malicious software themselves which helps them collect a list of addresses , often tematically . Traders sell their lists to spammers , who can utilise these with regard to the actual advertisement scenario .
Spammers are the 'organisers ' , who buy lists from traders , rent time from botnet managers and combine these resources to spread the messages of the merchants . Their profit is conversion rate-based ; hence the more buyers they are able to attract , the more income will they generate .
Botnet managers are the technicians responsible for creating spam-delivering networks like the Storm Botnet listed above . They get their share through lending computer time to the spammers .
Target audience is finally the proportion of Internet users who are brave , naive or inattentive enough to buy products from such obscure sources . While their numbers are small , they form a devoted community ( usually due to gambling or prescription drug addictions ) . And just how big and devoted ? See the results of the paper below .
Research method
So how do we assess the profitability of the business model described above , and measure conversion rates ? Due to the reasons mentioned above ( the illegality of the scheme ) , there is a huge range of uncertainty for any empirical assessment - the best shot of anyone trying to investigate the field is to become part of the chain themselves , and that is what the researchers did .
The scientists have focused solely on e-mail spams , distributed by Storm bot networks . They created a set of fake e-mail addresses ( with different amounts of spam filtering at service providers ) . Exact methodology of the process can be found here , but when they were done , they created two fake websites , one pharmaceutical and one selling post-cards , which have guided purchasers checking-out to an Error 404 site , counting in the process .
Results
After a measurement period of 26 days and some 350 million spam e-mails , the number of resulting sales was a mere 28 . Conversion rate was hence well under 0.00001 % . Considering this , spamming does n't seem like a particularly profitable business - but then we have underestimated the number of spam emails spent during campaigns . To quote the researchers ,
Of these [ 28 purchases ] , all but one were for male-enhancement products and the average purchase price was close to $ 100 . Taken together , these conversions would have resulted in revenues of $ 2,731.88—a bit over $ 100 a day for the measurement period or $ 140 per day for periods when the campaign was active . However , our study interposed on only a small fraction of the overall Storm network — we estimate roughly 1.5 percent based on the fraction of worker bots we proxy . Thus , the total daily revenue attributable to Storm 's pharmacy campaign is likely closer to $ 7000 ( or $ 9500 during periods of campaign activity ) . [ ... ] Under the assumption that our measurements are representative over time ( an admittedly dangerous assumption when dealing with such small samples ) , we can extrapolate that , were it sent continuously at the same rate , Storm-generated pharmaceutical spam would produce roughly 3.5 million dollars of revenue in a year .
Not so small anymore , right ? Hence we have proven the profitability of spam marketing - when the costs of advertising are virtually zero for the advertiser , unscrupulous manufacturers will naturally hire spammers who will send hundreds of millions of e-mails to their victims . According to the Message Anti-Abuse Working Group , around 89 % of all sent e-mails in 2011 were abusive . Welcome to the brave new world of spam .
Gordon Campbell on the smelter fiasco , and its impact on the asset sales programme
April 3rd , 2013
Mum and Dad investors were supposed to be plain ordinary folks that the government was rewarding with the option of buying .. er , of re-buying a stake in the energy companies they already own . Not any more . Clearly , those ordinary Mums and Dads will now need the investment savvy of Warren Buffett and the predictive power of Nostradamus if they are to make any kind of rational judgment about what 's likely to happen to electricity demand , to electricity prices and to the subsequent profitability of state energy companies over the next five , ten or twenty years . At their press conference yesterday , even Prime Minister John Key confessed that they did n't know how the possible closure of the Tiwai Point aluminium smelter might affect the value of the state 's three other energy companies , besides Meridian . If Key does n't know , how are Mum and Dads – or institutional investors – supposed to make a rational decision about whether to invest their money ?
Obviously , the closure of the Tiwai Point aluminium smelter would have major implications for Meridian , the energy company that supplies its electricity . Meridian could well end up being better off if it can shed this giant customer that has been getting its power at an estimated one third of the cost faced by other potential business users , and at a price estimated last year to be one fourth the price paid by ordinary householders .
Yep , that 's right – Rio Tinto with its $ 16 billion profits last year has hitherto been paying a fraction of the price paid by actual Mums and Dads trying to heat their homes . Think about that this winter . In 2007 , Meridian signed a contract with Pacific Aluminium ( the Rio Tinto subsidiary that owns the smelter ) that runs all the way through until 2030 .
While the deal 's details remain confidential , the contract is believed to contain a pricing formula based on a basket of factors and an agreement that the electricity prices paid by Rio Tinto would rise significantly on January 1st this year – which unfortunately happens to have coincided with something of a trough in the global price of aluminium . To compensate , Rio Tinto has been pressing for a new , cheaper electricity deal but Meridian has baulked at coming to the party – saying that it has done all it can to save the smelter , and it is now up to Pacific Aluminium to make concessions . Also , to “ smooth ” the short term costs – and to artificially stabilise the electricity market and calm skittish investors until it can get its asset sales programme out of the way – the government has offered Rio Tinto a short term subsidy . Since the government 's offer deliberately did n't address the underlying , long term problem of electricity pricing , one has to suspect the subsidy offer was mainly made for political reasons , to make it appear as if the government was doing something to try and save smelter jobs in Southland . In any case , Rio Tinto treated the subsidy offer as tokenism , and turned it down flat .
What happens next ? Well , Meridian 's CEO Mark Binns made it clear on RNZ this morning that they believe the ball is now firmly back in Pacific Aluminium/Rio Tinto 's court . Since the smelter eats up nearly 15 % of NZ 's entire electricity generation , its closure would reverberate throughout the electricity market . The perceived value of all four energy companies would take a hit , long before the excess electricity flooded onto the grid . Inevitably , any excess would drive down electricity prices and take down with them the expected profits basic to making the asset sales programme seem attractive to some investors .
The same excess capacity would also be likely to make some existing coal and coal/gas fired operations ( such as the coal fired Huntly station operated by Genesis ) no longer profitable . For a number of reasons , Genesis – and not Meridian – is the more likely downstream casualty of any Tiwai Point closure . Arguably , Meridian could even thrive if it shed Tiwai Point and sold its power to the more profitable clients now in the offing . At the press conference yesterday , Key cited by way of example , a new infant formula factory at Pokeno . Yet would there be a short term impact on Meridian , as it stitched up new deals ? Probably , but to what extent ? No one really knows .
As Binns said on RNZ this morning , each of the state electricity companies have modelled the likely impact on their operations of the smelter closure and the flood of Meridian 's excess capacity onto the market . Presumably , some of that data will be released this Friday , when Finance Minister Bill English and SOEs Minister Tony Ryall are scheduled to provide further information relevant to the Mighty River Power share offer . Smelter shut , with what repercussions ? Smelter kept open , at what actual cost ( and opportunity cost ) to Meridian ? And with what ripple effects on the plans and market share of all the other companies ? For the public , such matters remain deeply opaque , even though we 're now right on the eve of the Mighty River Power prospectus going out . As NZ Herald columnist Brian Fallow pointed out in January , it was folly for the government to proceed with the asset sales before locking down the future of the smelter .
It would be easier to make decisions on the smelter 's future if the current decline in the global price of aluminium was merely a temporary hiccup . However , all signs are that the decline will be chronic , and 40 year old smelters such as Tiwai Point are not top priorities for saving . Global aluminium prices tend to be a direct response to demand from China , the metal 's biggest global user . Yet not only is the Chinese economy remaining in a relatively weak state – as its manufacturing exports continue to be hit by the turmoil in the Eurozone – but the Chinese themselves are building high quality smelters at home at an increasing rate , in order to exploit their massive bauxite deposits . To cap things off , the future of aluminium is one where it will face increasing competition from other materials :
The materials being used to make things are changing as well….For example , carbon fibre composites are replacing steel and aluminium .
While the government is under the gun as these uncertainties endanger its asset sales programme , Rio Tinto is also caught somewhere between a rock and a hard place . With each passing day , Rio Tinto has to pay prices for its electricity that the smelter arguably can not sustain – and this is happening while its head office continues to struggle to get its aluminium operations back in the black after Rio Tinto 's foolhardy decision to pay a hugely inflated $ US38 billion to buy the Canadian aluminium giant Alcan back in 2007 . Yet even if Rio Tinto gave notice tomorrow that it aimed to close the smelter , the gradual shutdown and remediation of the site over the next five years – as per the contract conditions – would still be an extremely expensive exercise .
Of all the players , Meridian seems to have the strongest hand provided it can resist government pressure to settle . That pressure seems unlikely . One can read recent developments as being entirely consistent with the government regarding the smelter closure as being a fait accompli – unless of course , Key and Minister-of -Everything Steven Joyce can scrape together a deal during their visit to China next week for a Chinese buyer to ride to the rescue . For the thousands of people in Southland who are directly or indirectly dependent on the smelter for their jobs , the outlook is bleak – and that 's despite the grounds for cautious optimism about the jobs potential of the Southland economy cited by business commentator Rod Oram on RNZ 's Nine to Noon programme yesterday .
Once again – as with the Solid Energy debacle a few weeks ago – the lack of political management in this episode has been stunning to behold . Even if all had gone swimmingly from the outset , the asset sales programme never did make economic sense . And in recent months , the additional actual costs ( and opportunity costs ) as time and resources at each of the state energy companies have been diverted into keeping the asset sales programme on the rails must be horrendous .
It wo n't get any better . Any gains for Meridian from shedding the smelter albatross around its neck will almost certainly be offset by the uncertainty created about its future prospects and about the ripple effects on Genesis , Solid Energy and Mighty River Power . The market will be factoring those risks and uncertainties – as best it can – into the sale price of the assets , and this can only be serving to drive down their value . The real Mums and Dads , and their sons and daughters – should be feeling enraged at this wanton wreckage of their assets .
ENDS
21-man squad to make the trip to Aldiss Park
NORWICH City will make the short trip to Dereham this Saturday to play the Magpies in the opening game of their pre-season schedule ( 3pm ) .After a fortnight 's training at St George 's Park and Colney , Neil Adams will take a 21-man squad to Aldiss Park as focus shifts to getting their players match practice ahead of the Canaries ' Sky Bet Championship curtain-raiser against Wolverhampton Wanderers on August 10.Adams said : “ Most of the players will play 45 minutes at Dereham ; we 'll take a large group of players , and then it 's a case of getting the first minutes under their belts. “ I think it 's good to have these games . It helps support these local clubs , because they 'll be a good few people there to watch it who will want to have their first look at the new Norwich City squad. “ Of course it 's about getting fitness , but you want to win every game. ” City last played Town at Aldiss Park as part of their pre-season preparations in July 2010 , with goals from Michael Nelson and Cody McDonald ( 2 ) ensuring a 3-0 win . : John Ruddy ( GK ) , Steven Whittaker , Bradley Johnson , Russell Martin , Michael Turner , Lewis Grabban , Jonny Howson , Kyle Lafferty , Gary Hooper , Jamar Loza , Elliott Bennett , Javier Garrido , Luciano Becchio , Josh Murphy , Nathan Redmond , Ryan Bennett , Jacob Murphy , Declan Rudd ( GK ) , Alexander Tettey , Andrew Surman , Adel Gafaiti.Tickets are now on general sale , with Dereham advising supporters to book in advance by calling the club on 01362 690460 . They are priced at £10 for adults , and just £1 for Under-16s , while car-park passes will cost an additional £2.Supporters can also purchase tickets on the day , with turnstiles opening from 1pm .
Splitting all your JavaScript code into modules and loading them with RequireJS makes for a warm and fuzzy development experience . At some point though , I 'd like to deliver a single file with all the dependencies included . The biggest reason being that HTTP requests are expensive and by lazy-loading all your tiny modules , RequireJS makes a lot of them .
There 's an optimizing tool for RequireJS called r.js . You can use it to minimize and concatenate your code . The documentation is in a few places and I had a bit of trouble getting it to do what I want . IMHO the best source of info after the basic stuff is the example build file with all the options explained . For installation instructions just check out the documentation .
In this tutorial I 'm going to walk you through my build file with a few added comments . Except for a few dirs omitted for brevity , my project structure looks like this :
├── README.md ├── app │ ├── libs │ ├── main.js │ ├── models │ ├── require.js │ ├── templates │ └── views ├── build.js └── package.json
All the code is in app and external dependencies are in app/libs . The build.js file looks like this .
( { baseUrl : 'app ' , out : 'build/main.js ' ,
Your paths will be relative to the baseUrl so it makes sense to make this the app folder as all the files there . Specifying the out parameter tells r.js that you want everything in one file . The alternative is specifying dir in which case the contents of your app folder are copied into that dir .
A few options like appDir , dir and modules are incompatible with out aka compiling to a single file so do n't use those .
include : [ 'libs/almond ' , 'main ' ] , wrap : true ,
Usually , you would use the name parameter to specify your main module but we 're using include here because we 're bundling the almond loader as well . Almond is a much smaller and simpler AMD loader that makes sense in our case because we 're not loading modules dynamically .
The include parameter is an array specifying which other modules to include in the build . When we specify the “ main ” one , r.js traces all other modules that main depends on and includes them .
Wrap , unsurprisingly wraps module requires into a closure so that only what you export gets into the global environment . To be honest , I do n't really need this but if you 're bundling a widget or something someone will use with a lot of other stuff I guess it 's a good idea .
exclude : [ 'coffee-script ' ] , stubModules : [ 'cs ' ] ,
I use CoffeScript for development and compile files in the browser . This is obviously slower than it needs to be for production so we exclude the compiler module and “ stub out ” the cs loader plugin . This results in all coffee files being compiled to JavaScript and inlined .
paths : { backbone : 'libs/backbone-amd ' , underscore : 'libs/underscore-amd ' , jquery : 'libs/jquery ' , cs : 'libs/cs ' , 'coffee-script ' : 'libs/coffee-script ' , text : 'libs/text ' } } )
The rest of the file is a standard paths configuration .
Finally to compile , run :
r.js -o build.js
And your compiled project should be in build/main.js .
A sincere thank you to James Burke for reviewing this post .
March 16 , 2016 Syrian Kurds Risk Their Gains With New Federalization Demands Everyone seems to agree that the recent Russian surprise move in Syria is to its advantage . The Russian government declared that it had achieved most of its aims in Syria and decided to continue its operations there with a smaller force . As the current ceasefire seem to hold the necessity of further air attacks is much diminished . About half of its planes in Syria were ordered to fly back home . Significant forces will stay deployed and the planes could be back within 24 hours should the need arise . A Russian source on the ground explains how this fits into a larger plan : Russia has managed to turn the balance of power upside down in six months of its intervention in Syria . Regardless the control of a vast strategic land to the regime in Damascus , the Kremlin forces all parties to sit with Assad representative around the Geneva table when these were rejecting the idea for the last four years of war . Russia is pushing for a free election , within the area under the regime and the rebels ' control , under the supervision of the United Nations .
...
Russia , according to high-ranking sources , informed Washington , Damascus and Tehran of its step of reducing forces in Syria . The Kremlin expects from the United States to exert its promises to impose on regional parties , i.e . Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Turkey , to stop all sorts of weapons and financial supply to all rebels without exception . The USA is confident to obtain from its regional allies in the Middle East this commitment at the cost of joining the bombing , with Russia , of all those willing to continue fighting and violate the open-date Cease-fire in Syria . Saudi Arabia and Turkey see no longer Syria as a possibility to implement their old plans and agreed to act accordingly . We will see if the U.S. is really committed to this plan . Will it stop arming al-Qaeda or will it launch another crazy attempt to achieve `` regime change '' in Syria . It would be out of character for Washington to just let go and to let Russia win the cause . That is why I suspect that the U.S. somehow arranged the following scheme . The Syrian Kurds have no place at the table in Geneva . Russia has pushed for their inclusion but failed . Still the Kurds are in a decent position . They have military support from the U.S. as well as Russia and the Syrian government has agreed to give them some form of autonomy . It would have been smart of the Kurds , led by the Syrian Kurdish Democratic Union Party ( PYD ) , to bag these achievements and to stay out of the way of the further process . The Russians can be trusted to take care of the Kurdish interests in Geneva . But in typical Kurdish fashion they try to go for more and overreach : A powerful Syrian Kurdish political party announced plans Wednesday to declare a federal region in northern Syria , a model it hopes can be applied to the entire country . The idea was promptly dismissed by Turkey and also the Syrian government team at U.N.-brokered peace talks underway in Geneva . The declaration was expected to be made at the end of a Kurdish conference that began Wednesday in the town of Rmeilan in Syria 's northern Hassakeh province . The Kurds already have autonomy and there were only few , if any , clashes with the Syrian government . There is no need for them to unilaterally federalize some parts of Syria . There is nothing to win with a federalization that no one else will recognize . To demand federalization now is like opening a can of nasty worms just the moment everyone set down to have a nice meal . Even worse : Tensions are high in the Al-Qamishli District today , as the Kurdish “ Assayish ” forces surround the National Defense Forces ( NDF ) at the Al-Qamishli security box . Reports from the Al-Qamishli District claim that the Assayish forces have arrested several NDF fighters in what is expected to be their expulsion from northern Syria .
...
The Al-Qamishli District is ethnically diverse , with Kurds , Assyrians , Armenians , and Arabs all living in this densely populated region . The Assayish Forces will have their hands full if they attempt to seize all of the government-controlled area because the Assyrian “ Gozarto Protection Forces ” ( GPF ) are heavily armed and make-up one of the largest militias in the Al-Hasakah Governorate . So just as everyone is calming down and working on a political solution the Kurds throw a wrench in the works and start a new fight with Syrian government forces . I do not understand such thinking . Whatever the future political situation in Syria will be , the Kurds will not gain a viable independent state . The Turks hate them and are instigating new schemes against them by supporting their own splinter Kurdish proxy group . The Barzani mafia in north Iraq does not like the PKK/YPK Kurds at all . Neither Russia nor the U.S. will promise them any long term ( financial ) support . Whatever they try , the Kurds will continue to depend on the capabilities and monies of a Syrian nation state with the capitol in Damascus . They do not have any income source . Attempts to export oil would be blocked by its neighbors and their borders can not be secured without heavy weapons . Why upset the Syrian government and its armed forces when the gains made so far are still reversible ? I can think of no sound reason for the Syrian YPG Kurds to do this now . But it may well be that someone in Washington ( or elsewhere ? ) thought that it would be funny to upset the playing board by pushing the Kurds to take these self-defeating steps . But why would the Kurds agree to do this ? UPDATE : As speculated above the PYD Kurds where told by Washington to do this . See the NYT report quoted : As speculated above the PYD Kurds where told by Washington to do this . See the NYT report quoted here Posted by b on March 16 , 2016 at 10:45 AM | Permalink Comments
This article is about a type of organization . For the former organization that followed this approach , see The DAO ( organization )
A decentralized autonomous organization ( DAO ) , sometimes labeled a decentralized autonomous corporation ( DAC ) , is an organization represented by rules encoded as a computer program that is transparent , controlled by shareholders and not influenced by a central government . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] A DAO 's financial transaction record and program rules are maintained on a blockchain . [ 3 ] :229 [ 4 ] [ 5 ] The precise legal status of this type of business organization is unclear . [ 6 ]
A well-known example , intended for venture capital funding , was The DAO , which launched with $ 150 million in crowdfunding in June 2016 , and was immediately hacked and drained of US $ 50 million in cryptocurrency . [ 7 ] This hack was reversed in the following weeks , and the money restored , via a hard fork of the Ethereum blockchain . This bailout was made possible by the Ethereum miners and clients switching to the new fork . [ 8 ]
Background [ edit ]
Decentralized autonomous organizations are typified by the use of blockchain technology to provide a secure digital ledger to track financial interactions across the internet , hardened against forgery by trusted timestamping and dissemination of a distributed database . [ 3 ] :229 [ 4 ] [ 9 ] This approach eliminates the need to involve a mutually acceptable trusted third party in a financial transaction , thus simplifying the transaction . [ 4 ] The costs of a blockchain-enabled transaction and of the associated data reporting may be substantially offset by the elimination of both the trusted third party and of the need for repetitive recording of contract exchanges in different records . For example , the blockchain data could , in principle and if regulatory structures permit it , replace public documents such as deeds and titles . [ 3 ] :42 [ 4 ] In theory , a blockchain approach allows multiple cloud computing users to enter a loosely coupled peer-to-peer smart contract collaboration . [ 3 ] :42 [ 10 ]
Daniel Larimer first proposed the concept of a `` Decentralized Organized Company '' in an article published on September 7 , 2013 [ 11 ] and implemented in Bitshares in 2014 , EOS in 2018 . [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ]
Vitalik Buterin proposed that after a DAO was launched , it might be organized to run without human managerial interactivity , provided the smart contracts were supported by a Turing complete platform . [ 17 ] Ethereum , built on a blockchain and launched in 2015 , has been described as meeting that Turing threshold , thus enabling such DAOs . [ 3 ] :229 [ 18 ] [ 19 ] Decentralized autonomous organizations aim to be open platforms where individuals control their identities and their personal data . [ 20 ]
Examples [ edit ]
DAOs lead to decentralized economy . Tokens allow contribution to collective works , micropayments , and tracking metrics to allow algorithmic measures of contribution utility .
The first DAO 's were Dash [ 21 ] [ 22 ] and Bitshares . [ 23 ] [ 12 ] [ 24 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 25 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] Others are The DAO and Digix . [ 26 ]
Issues [ edit ]
It can be difficult for a DAO to retain an attorney , or enter any kind of written contract because nobody in the company is interested in putting their personal name on agreements . [ citation needed ]
Social [ edit ]
Shareholder participation in DAOs can be problematic . For example , BitShares has seen a lack of voting participation , because it takes time and energy to consider proposals . [ 5 ]
Legal liability [ edit ]
The precise legal status of this type of business organization is unclear ; [ 9 ] some similar approaches have been regarded by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as illegal offers of unregistered securities . [ 6 ] [ 27 ] [ 28 ] Although unclear , a DAO may functionally be a corporation without legal status as a corporation : a general partnership . [ 29 ] This means potentially unlimited legal liability for participants , even if the smart contract code or the DAO 's promoters say otherwise . [ 29 ] Known participants , or those at the interface between a DAO and regulated financial systems , may be targets for regulatory enforcement or civil actions . [ 29 ]
Security [ edit ]
The code of a given DAO will be difficult to alter once the system is up and running , including bug fixes that would be otherwise trivial in centralised code . Corrections for a DAO would require writing new code and agreement to migrate all the funds . Although the code is visible to all , it is hard to repair , thus leaving known security holes open to exploitation unless a moratorium is called to enable bug fixing . [ 30 ]
In 2016 , a specific DAO , `` The DAO '' , set a record for the largest crowdfunding campaign to date . [ 31 ] [ 32 ] [ 33 ] Researchers pointed out multiple issues in the code of The DAO . The operational procedure for The DAO allowed investors to withdraw at will any money that had not yet been committed to a project ; the funds could thus deplete quickly . [ 5 ] Although safeguards aimed to prevent gaming the voting of shareholders to win investments , [ 6 ] there were a `` number of security vulnerabilities '' . [ 34 ] These enabled an attempted large withdrawal of funds from The DAO to be initiated in mid-June 2016 . [ 35 ] [ 36 ] [ 37 ] On the 20th of July 2016 , the Ethereum community arrived at a consensus decision to hard fork the Ethereum blockchain to bail out the original contract . [ 8 ]
Promise [ edit ]
Organizational Frameworks [ edit ]
There are several projects that pioneering further tooling and frameworks in this space , to eliminate problems thus far encountered . Examples are DaoStack , Aragon , Colony and the Economic Space Agency .
See also [ edit ]
New study finds that disabled people living in deprived areas are more likely to lose their benefits under the government 's controversial assessments system
“ Fit for work ” tests are “ significantly biased ” against claimants in poor areas of the country , new research seen exclusively by the Guardian shows .
Analysis of more than a million incapacity benefit claimants who have been re-assessed for employment and support allowance ( ESA ) , the benefit for people too disabled or ill to work , shows the controversial work capability assessment is disproportionately removing benefits from people in more deprived regions .
At the same time , it found claimants in wealthier areas are more likely not only to retain their sickness benefits – and avoid being declared fit for work – but to be placed in the support group of ESA , in which claimants are not required to undertake any form of work preparation and receive the highest benefit rate .
The new fit for work tests are not fit for purpose – and at double the cost | Frances Ryan Read more
The study analyses government data from over 300 local authorities between 2007 and 2015 and is published next week in the journal Radical Statistics . It further shows that , counterintuitively , healthier areas found claimants fit for work less often , and placed claimants into the support group more frequently , than areas with higher rates of disability and illness .
“ With an accurate test of disability , it would be expected that areas with lower disability and ill health would find more people fit for work , ” Jonathan Hume , the author of the research , says . “ As it stands , areas where people have the most need for ESA – so higher poverty , higher disability – are the ones removing it at a higher rate . ”
Such findings are consistent with the idea that , as part of wider reduction in support for disabled people , the “ fit for work ” test was designed to cut support rather than better target it to those who “ truly need it ” as the government has repeatedly claimed , Hume adds .
There have been widespread concerns about the validity of this test in recent years , with critics saying it is inaccurate , discriminates against mentally ill people and those with fluctuating illnesses , and causes widespread stress and even suicidal feelings among claimants .
Ministers pressed ahead with the rapid expansion of the test to reassess 1.5 million existing incapacity benefit claimants in May 2011 , despite warnings from their own adviser , Professor Malcolm Harrington , that the rollout should be delayed until the test could be improved .
The fact that this latest research analyses people previously on the benefit is significant because it shows that they were all assessed as meeting a minimum level of disability . As such , anyone subsequently found fit for work by a work capability assessment had been previously identified as having a significant health problem .
In order to determine the causes and extent of any bias in the test , it would be necessary to have access to data about individual claimants – for example , their disability , income and background – which is currently unfeasible due to confidentiality concerns . Still , the research has established a significant relationship between work capability assessment outcomes and local educational attainment . In areas where children finish school with more GCSEs , claimants were placed into the support group more frequently rather than being placed in the work-related activity group – the group in which disabled people must undertake preparation for a return for work or risk having their benefits sanctioned .
Hume says that a possible explanation of this is that people with more qualifications might be more able to complete the significant paperwork required to claim ESA , or are better at seeking appropriate evidence and assistance .
“ Ultimately the DWP [ Department for Work and Pensions ] is making decisions that seem to be influenced by factors other than the health of the claimant , ” they add .
-The DWP 's fit-for-work tests are a national catastrophe | Clare Allan Read more
A Department for Work and Pensions spokesperson criticised the report and said it makes a huge leap in attributing local variation in work capability assessment outcomes to “ bias ” . They said : “ The report is entirely misleading and we do n't recognise the findings . The fact is eligibility for employment and support allowance is not dependent on the area where a claimant lives , but rather on the effect a person 's health condition or disability has on their ability to work . ”
The Spartacus Network , a group of disabled campaigners who have previously undertaken influential research into ESA , says the study offers disturbing findings in an area that has so far been seriously overlooked . “ The lack of previous analysis in this area is indicative of successive governments ' disregard for the effectiveness of ESA and the work capability assessment , compounded by indifference to the rights and concerns of sick and disabled people , ” says the Spartacus researcher Caroline Richardson .
The findings are particularly relevant in light of the government 's impending cut of £30 a week for many new ESA claimants , due to take effect next year .
With the UN investigation into the UK 's alleged violations of disabled people 's rights due to be published in 2017 , all eyes are on whether fit for work tests – and the wider disability benefit system – are themselves fit for purpose .
New Orleans Circle for Mike Brown
Circle for Mike Brown solidarity rally in support of the Ferguson youth killed , hosted by the Black Youth Project 100 NOLA takes place on Sunday November 30 , 2014 . Carrying signs and placards bearing the message `` Black Lives Matter , '' protesters decrying police aggression staged a rally Sunday at Lee Circle and peacefully completed a 11/2-mile march to Congo Square .
( KATHLEEN FLYNN , NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune )
Nikki Haley , governor of South Carolina , reversed course Monday and said they think that the Confederate battle flag should be removed from its place of prominence on the grounds of the state capitol in Columbia . After Dylann Storm Roof , a 21-year-old white supremacist killed nine people in a Charleston church Wednesday , the pressure to take down the flag became too much for Haley to fight .
That flag , a symbol of hate and racism , does n't fly over any government offices in New Orleans . But we still have many monuments to the Confederacy .
The most prominent one is certainly the statue to Confederate General Robert E. Lee that towers over Lee Circle . Mayor Mitch Landrieu has been talking about whether the Lee monument ought to have a future as New Orleans approaches its 300th birthday .
Here 's what Landrieu 's office said Monday afternoon : `` Mayor Landrieu has discussed with 2018 Tricentennial Commission members how we can appropriately recognize our 300-year history as a city while also looking to the future and helping New Orleans become the city we always knew they could be . Part of this process should include a close examination of the historical symbols throughout our city and what changes could be made as we approach 2018 , including the Robert E. Lee statute in Lee Circle . These symbols say who we were in a particular time , but times change . Yet these symbols - statues , monuments , street names , and more - still influence who we are and how we are perceived by the world . Mayor Landrieu believes it is time to look at the symbols in this city to see if they still have relevance to our future . ''
It 's good to see the use of the word `` symbols '' in that statement because it would n't be right to say that Robert E. Lee 's statue is the only one monument in New Orleans that 's offensive .
I was not in New Orleans for the fight over the monument to the `` White League , '' a group that killed 11 members of the integrated Metropolitan New Orleans Police Force on Canal Street . I did n't know what that monument near my office at One Canal Place and Audubon Aquarium was even about until April . That 's when civil rights attorney Mary Howell said they think it 's the only monument in the country that celebrates the killing of police officers .
`` I think it 's shameful , '' they said Monday .
Shawn Anglim , pastor of First Grace United Methodist , a church at the intersection of Canal Street and Jefferson Davis Parkway , thinks it 's shameful that there 's a statue to Confederate President Jefferson Davis in what they call their front yard .
The killings in Charleston last week gave their opposition to the statue a new urgency , Anglim said from their office Monday . `` You get used to trying to tell your children why it 's not a big deal , but it is a big deal , '' they said . `` It 's a monument . ''
It 's time for Jefferson Davis to go , Anglim said . `` I 'm not looking for a drawn-out government discussion . I 'm looking for a welder . ''
Lt. Col. Rich Westmoreland , USMC Ret. , a new New Orleanian and a native Kentuckian , started a correspondence with me in May about the city 's many monuments to the Confederacy . `` I understand why the citizens of this city in the 1880s thought erecting a statue to General Lee was a good idea , '' they wrote , `` But for the life of me I do n't understand why it stands in the middle of any U.S. city in 2015 . ''
Westmoreland , who said he 's a descendant of Confederate officers , said Monday , `` We 're the U.S before we 're the South . ''
Well , we ought to be .
Last year Judge Calvin Johnson , retired from Criminal District Court in Orleans Parish , talked about their hope to see a New Orleans statue for Andre Callioux who was born in slavery , bought their freedom and led an all-black group of Union Soldiers at Port Hudson .
Not only is there no statue to Callioux in New Orleans . There is n't one for anybody who fought for the Union .
According to composer Hannibal Lokumbe , who has lived on and off in New Orleans , they and sculptor John Scott were once taking a walk when they came across the Jefferson Davis statue . Lokumbe says Scott , who died in 2007 , said , `` Every time I see this statue I get sick to my stomach ''
They came up with their own personal and pungent protest , Lokumbe said . At the first full moon of every month they would meet at the statue of Jefferson Davis and pee on it .
Jarvis DeBerry can be reached at jdeberry @ nola.com . Follow them at twitter.com/jarvisdeberry .
GIVEN THE perverse role of pay and bonus packages in incentivising the excessive risk- taking and inadequate risk management by senior bank and building society managers which contributed so significantly to bringing Ireland 's financial system to the verge of collapse in September 2008 , one might have assumed that those involved would have learned some lessons .
Extraordinarily , however , a Central Bank review of the remuneration of senior executives in those financial institutions suggests otherwise . Extraordinary because these are the institutions whose survival was secured only when the State guaranteed their liabilities of some €440 billion and , later , invested more than €50 billion to finance their recapitalisation . And extraordinary because they have inflicted a cost on the taxpayer that resulted in a sovereign debt crisis , intervention by the European Union and the International Monetary Fund , and provision of an €85 billion financial rescue package for the State .
In an examination of executive pay , the Central Bank sought to establish the pay policies of the banks at the height of the boom and how these had changed with a downturn which also saw the virtual wiping out of the wealth of the banks ' own shareholders . The results of its investigation are deeply disappointing – to put it at its mildest .
With one exception , the review found that “ inadequate progress ” had been made . And while there was evidence of a tightening of severance pay , with stricter conditions imposed on those availing of so-called “ golden parachutes ” , it emerged that some key executives in a number of banks had received signing on and retention bonuses during the review period .
In addition , the report found little indication that banks were moving towards a fuller disclosure of their pay policies , as required by European Union rules on bankers ' pay which come into effect next month . In most banks , it said , the procedures used to decide senior executive pay were “ not clear , well documented or internally transparent ” .
The Central Bank has warned that unless pay practices are changed and given a more definite form then “ banks risk repeating past errors ” . To ensure that does not happen , it wants non-executive members of bank boards to scrutinise the pay of senior executives more closely and to ensure that key personnel are paid in line with a bank 's “ willingness and capacity to take risk ” .
Much of Irish banking is either already in State ownership or increasingly under its control . And the Government has also appointed public interest directors to bank boards with the object of improving their corporate governance . In that context , it is remarkable – to put it mildly again – that the State , having invested so many billions to ensure the survival of the banking system at such detrimental cost to the taxpayer and to society at large , should not exercise more influence over how the banks operate a key aspect of their business – that of setting the pay of senior bankers in a clear and transparent manner .
Joyce Carol Oates once said `` Boxing is about being hit rather more than it is about hitting , just as it is about feeling pain , if not devastating psychological paralysis , more than it is about winning . ''
Transferred to MMA , there may be no quote that better describes the career of UFC on Fuel TV 5 main eventer Stefan Struve .
A towering human being , after a few years of constantly changing listings 6'11 '' seems to be their `` official '' height , they possess physical tools other fighters would kill for . To go along with their long frame , Struve has put on considerable muscle during their time in the UFC , something expected considering they entered the world 's biggest fighting promotion at the young age of 21 .
But Struve tends to get drawn into brawls , not content ( nor , honestly , fully possessing the skills ) to stand outside and keep the other man at the end of a jab or front kick . They do use their reach , but it 's difficult to maintain and keep distance in a sport like MMA where the clinch is n't broken by the referee unless it 's a complete stalemate . While MMA fans act as though fighting tall is easy , watching their fights shows that they do try to stay on the outside and use length before opponents bullrush them to get inside . On the ground , they use their length very well in theirs grappling .
They are , ultimately , a finish or be finished fighter , having only seen the scorecards one time in their 29 career fights , using the asupervisorstioned grappling attack to capture 16 submission wins to go along with 6 KO/TKO wins . But it seems like no fight is easy and the allure of the brawl is too strong for the young Dutch fighter .
Wars seem to be central to Struve 's career as he 's battled through incredible moments of adversity like in their fights with Denis Stojnic and Christian Moorecraft . Both fights saw Struve battered , badly bloodied and near defeat before they seemed to flip a switch and finished both in the second round .
The Moorecraft fight serves as a very interesting example of Struve 's recklessness paying off . After being dominated in the first round and left with a massive swollen and bloody lip that had the ref and doctors ready to stop the fight , Struve came out of the corner clearly ready to go out on their shield . They started throwing strikes with urgency , then got into an exchange with their back to the cage and both men throwing serious heat before they rocked and then dropped and finished their previously undefeated foe . It was n't the smartest way to protect a damaged face or keep the ref from jumping in , but it 's simply how Struve fights .
Struve spoke to their love of delivering excitement when interviewed about this fight by Bloody Elbow `` You know , one of the most important things for me , is when I fight , I want to have an exciting fight . I want to have the fans talk about it . I want them to go home and still be talking about that fight . ''
One of the more fascinating aspects of Struve 's career is their resiliency not only mid-fight but following devastating losses .
In their UFC debut , Struve was handed a beating by Junior dos Santos . Their next fight was the scare against Stojnic . And yet , despite almost every point of their UFC having gone horribly wrong to that point , Struve roared back . He 'd go on to win the two following fights before being quickly stopped by Roy Nelson . And , again , they were forced through hell in their next fight before beating Moorecraft via second round rally .
Two fights later it was another crushing KO , this time after a superman punch from Travis Browne .
And yet , once again , Struve bounced back . Coming in as an underdog against heavy hitting Pat Barry . Struve had been stopped on strikes three times and their fight IQ was n't blowing anyone away , so many thought Barry would catch them early and finish them off . Instead , Struve actually `` fought tall '' and avoided all but a few of Barry 's shots before getting the takedown and hanging on to a triangle choke as Barry tried to slam their way out .
Stefan won two more fights to bring them to this weekend 's main event against Stipe Miocic , a fight that Dana White says will place the winner as the number five or six heavyweight in the world . While that may not seem to be the case to many observers , Dana 's opinion of a fighter is much more important than yours .
So Struve , in a career as much about being hit as hitting , has felt the pain and bounced back every time , now finding themselves on the cusp of their boss , the most influential man in MMA , placing them in the top five of the world .
Not bad for a guy tagged as having a low fight IQ and questionable chin .
On Saturday , December 2nd , Times Colonist posted an editorial examining the reasons behind the shortage of general physicians in B.C .
The article primarily referenced a study on the subject conducted by researchers at the University of British Columbia .
According to the editorial , the results of the research state that the number of general physicians has increased by thirteen percent between 2005-2012 .
Over the same time period , the number of patient visits declined by fourteen per cent , and the number of patients in each practice fell ten per cent .
The contents of the report
The TC report then goes on to talk about how because of increases in Physician remuneration , GPs can afford to work fewer hours and earn the same paycheck .
It focuses specifically on female physicians who see approximately 40 per cent fewer patients than their male counterparts . The article cites child-bearing as one of the factors that contributes to this imbalance .
It concludes with suggestions to improve the system by introducing measures like :
group practices with specialists such as dermatologists and mental-health practitioners ,
encouraging doctors to renew routine prescriptions online , and
employing more social workers and nurse practitioners to share the workload .
The author 's argument ends with the thought that “ While there are two sides to this issue , we must ask physicians to bear more of the burden . ”
A physician 's response
There have been several responses to this argument . One of the most significant ones was written by Dr. Jenn Tranmer of Grow Health Clinic .
Them counter-argument was posted to the clinic 's Facebook page and expresses their disapproval of the “ disrespectful ” tone taken in the TC article .
In the post – which garnered several comments of approval and support from the followers of the page – Dr. Tranmer points out that as a GP and mother , they work about 50-60 hours per week , of which 12-36 hours are overnight or on the weekend .
They also point out that their income as stated in the MSC Financial Statement is about 56 % higher than what they take home after paying for the costs of running a family medicine operation out of their own community office .
The response takes particular issue with the article 's comment on female GPs : “ Should I encourage my two girls to avoid medicine as a career as their breasts and uteruses will prevent them from serving society as it is adequate ? ”
Read Dr. Tranmer 's full review of the report below :
To the editorial board of the Times Colonist.I have struggled with an article you posted : “ New light on doctor… Posted by GROW Health on Monday , December 4 , 2017
Facebook Conversations
Essential Phone Delays are Pushing it Dangerously Close to 2017 's Fiercest Competition
Anyone who knows the smartphone market knows that there are two essential release cycles , with one lesser cycle during the course of the year . The first cycle is typically late February until May with the second falling in place in late August through October .
Samsung , LG , and HTC typically launch their first flagships in that initial window and Apple and Google in the second , with Samsung and LG 's alternative ( and sometimes most anticipated ) flagships launching in this period as well .
For a smaller manufacturer , or a new one , these are months to avoid at nearly all costs . The news cycles immediately before these periods are marked by a season of leaks and the cycles themselves are ridden with speculation , events , first looks , reviews , damage control , and opinion pieces of all flavors . This deluge of news is why some devices can literally get drowned out entirely , only to reappear a few months later in articles or videos reminiscing “ hey , this phone was actually pretty good ” . Motorola knows this well , and as of late they 've adjusted their launch events for their major flagships to fall just between of these windows in the early summer – usually June , July , or early August – thus giving them a wide open slot to get good coverage without competing directly against the biggest brands . HTC has launched their flagship in May or later each year likely due to this as well , a strategy seemingly adopted after the colossal defeat the M9 suffered at the hands of the S6 .
OnePlus has mastered their timing and benefited from it as their middle-of-the-year launches are typically uncontested by other major players , since the early year flagships are getting stale , yet waiting another two or more months for the next wave can be too much to bear . Andy Rubin 's Essential looked to target this window as well , waiting until the end of May ( 4 weeks outside of the first window ) to announce their new device and had it pegged to ship by the end of June , perfect timing for competing only with OnePlus as a marketable player , and going head to head against a neutered Sony Xperia device in the ultra-premium segment ; the game was theirs to lose , and boy did they fumble at the 1-yard line .
When Essential first announced they were going to be launching the phone within 30 days , I was personally highly skeptical . Not only is a 30 day ( post unveiling ) launch for a brand-new company difficult , they also did not have any firm carrier or launch partners which means the supply chain still needed to be established ; something they did manage to do about 2 weeks later with Sprint in the US . It took nearly 45 days for confirmation outside of the US when they announced UK launch , but it is important to note they are only in talks with the carrier EE and other partners and nothing is finalized , thus going back to the supply chain issues . Going from zero to a hundred in 30 days flat was a grand promise and one that many in the industry likely took with a grain of salt . However , Andy Rubin 's excellent sales pitch , or maybe their revered history and namesake , was more than enough for many , as there was a sizable outcry when the device missed its 30 day launch window .
So that brings us to today , over 50 days post announcement and we still have no device , no reviews , no tangible timeline . In fact , up until a week ago there was no news at all coming from Essential , and the news that we did receive were confusing , and likely over reaching . The first tidbit came from Essentials COO Niccolo de Masi , in an interview with Financial Times where they stated the launch was “ imminent ” . Great ! But not so fast . In an email that went out shortly after the COO 's comments , Andy Rubin stated that the Essential Phone would launch in a few weeks — hardly “ imminent ” . To make matters worse they said that the device “ is going through testing and certification with multiple US and international carriers ” , and we 've come to know , this can take more time than expected .
As the Essential phone spends more time packaged in warehouses , the fiercest competitors are preparing to bring out their best products
Since the Essential announcement – and subsequent delays – we have seen Google Pixel 2 XL leaks along with a highly-detailed and supposedly-accurate renders of the highly anticipated device which is looking to improve upon the previous Pixel XL ( at least in terms of design ) . Furthermore , we have had more firm rumors of the Galaxy Note 8 as well as the LG V30 ; both of which are shaping up to be just as good , if not better versions of their prior devices . Samsung has even already sent out invitations for their event at the end of August which will fall very closely in line with when Essential looks to push their phone out . Even though these phones highlight two ends of the spectrum , a large Note 8 vs the smaller Essential , they occupy the same uber-premium device market and today , when the actual size of the device matters less and less , the Note 8 and Essential will likely be two phones vying for many of the same shoppers . If the Note 8 does n't do the trick , the Pixel 2 and the much-awaited iPhone 10th Anniversary ( or iPhone Pro ) will only be another 45 days or less away based on prior history .
This does not bode well for Essential . There 's no doubt that Andy Rubin and their team are doing everything they can to beat the clock , but the clock has already struck 11:55 and 12:00 is nigh . Buyers are already beginning to look ahead to what is on the horizon , a horizon that was not in sight two months back or even just thirty days ago when the device was already supposed to have shipped . Only time will tell if the Essential PH-1 will be a success , but the mountain they need to climb is only getting taller each and every day as they inch closer to mighty competitors . They need to have a totally flawless launch and bring an absolutely stunning device – in both software and hardware – to the table in order to even have the smallest semblance of success , should they get too close .
Are you looking forward to more details or reviews of the Essential phone ? Sounds off in the comments !
CALGARY SHOW UPDATE
RED DEER — ENMAX CENTRIUM
WEDNESDAY , JULY 24 , 2013
Doors : 7:00PM Show : 8:00PM
Due to recent flooding and water damage at the Scotiabank Saddledome , the RUSH concert originally scheduled for Wednesday July 24 had to be cancelled .
Rush has been moved by the situation in Alberta and have decided to perform their Clockwork Angels show at the closest location possible on the same date — Wednesday , July 24 in Red Deer , Alberta at the Enmax Centrium – and have ALL PROCEEDS to go Alberta Flood Relief .
Rush will be donating their fee , and paying for all their expenses . Their promoter partner Live Nation will also be donating their time and fees towards this cause . The venue , Enmax Centrium , will be donating goods and services to the event as well . It 's an all —hands-on-deck situation to donate time in order to raise as much money possible for our Alberta friends and fellow Canadians in need .
Lead vocalist and bassist for Rush , Geddy Lee , has made the following statement : “ After seeing the devastation from the recent floods , we felt compelled to do what we could . While we had hoped to avoid cancelling the Calgary show , venue safety concerns have closed the venue . Our apologies to all of the fans that bought tickets to the Calgary show for any inconvenience . We 're hoping they — along with the great people of Red Deer – can come to the Enmax Centrium for what has now become a benefit concert . We 'd like to thank everyone helping to put on this show for joining us in donating their time & services so we can raise as much money as possible to help those in need. ” 
Calgary ticket holders will have a chance to access a pre-sale to purchase tickets to the new Red Deer show starting Friday July 12th 10AM , until Sunday July 14 at 10PM ( or while quantities last ) , before tickets go on sale to the general public on Monday , July 15 at 10AM . Presale information will be sent directly to those who had purchased tickets to the Calgary show . For further inquiries , fans can visit the Live Nation Alberta page on Facebook : www.facebook.com/livenationalberta
All tickets purchased online or via telephone will be automatically refunded starting on July 12th . Tickets purchased in person from a Ticketmaster outlet can be refunded at the original point of purchase outlet , starting July 16th . Tickets purchased in person at the Scotiabank Saddledome Box Office can be refunded at the Box Office , which is now reopened .
ALL PROCEEDS FROM THE RED DEER RUSH BENEFIT CONCERT WILL GO TO THE CANADIAN RED CROSS TO SUPPORT THE ALBERTA FLOOD RELIEF .
BUY TICKETS AT : LIVENATION.COM
Charge by Phone 1-855-985-5000
Tickets also available at Ticketmaster Outlets
Tickets on sale Monday , July 15th at 10am
Tickets ( incl . GST ) $ 60.00 , $ 86.00 , $ 116.00
( Plus Service charges )
* * RESERVED SEATING / ALL AGES * *
Darth Vader was one of the biggest and scariest bad guys of my young childhood . They were the ultimate villain in fact , until I saw what the Emperor could do to Luke in Return of the Jedi . Even then , there has always been something about not seeing Vader 's face and their ability to choke someone by squeezing their fingers from across the room that I always found delightfully terrifying .
Now members of the Japanese military have made Darth Vader bigger than ever…with snow ! As part of the Sapporo Snow Festival , over 200 snow and ice sculptures were created . One of these sculptures was created by Hokkaido-based 11th Brigade of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force and is called Snow Star Wars . The sculpture 's design was approved by Lucasfilm ahead of the Star Wars : The Force Awakens re-starting the Star Wars franchise later this year .
The whole process took about a month and utilized heavy machinery to get enough snow and ice in place to create this behemoth of a snow sculpture . The Japanese military has been a part of this festival since 1995 and considers the experience a good training exercise .
Snow Star Wars Snow Star Wars
The Sapporow Snow Festival runs until February 11th and is expected to draw around 2 million visitors .
I like much of Peter Baker 's reporting . I liked their book about the George W. Bush administration . I do n't like this article by Baker called “ Rise of Donald Trump Tracks Growing Debate Over Global Fascism . ”
It 's a slippery piece . Baker does n't argue that Trump is a fascist — it 's more along the lines of “ some people say Trump is a fascist. ” But by choosing to repeat the charge , and writing a long article about it , Baker lends respectability to the claim .
People have said all sorts of very bad things about President Obama . I do n't see the mainstream media converting these claims into news stories , except maybe for ones that attempt to paint Obama 's critics as deranged .
I discussed the matter of Trump and fascism here , borrowing extensively from Michael Ledeen , an expert on fascism . To summarize , there is no viable case that Trump is a fascist . Robert Kagan embarrassed themselves when they tried to make one .
Speaking of experts on fascism , it is not until deep in Baker 's article that we encounter any ( before then , we hear instead from William Weld and the Mexican president — why Baker gives them the floor on a matter of political theory is anyone 's guess ) . The experts Baker finally quotes do n't think Trump fits the fascist label .
Robert O. Paxton , a Columbia professor whom Baker identifies as one of the most prominent scholars of fascism , points out that fascists believe in strong state control , not get-government-off-your-back individualism and deregulation ( as Trump does , at least to some extent ) .
Volker Perthes , the director of the German Institute for International and Security Affairs in Berlin , rejects the Trump-as-fascist claim :
All the phenomena they describe are raising concerns , but I would still not call Trump or their campaign fascist . Maybe with German and European history in mind , we are a bit more cautious than others in using the label ‘ fascism . ' Mr. Perthes said real fascism requires two more elements — an outright rejection of democracy and a harsher definition of order .
Charles Grant , the director of the Center for European Reform in London , explains the distinction between hard-line nationalism and actual fascism :
Historically , [ fascism ] means the demonization of minorities within a society to the extent that they feel insecure . It means encouraging the use of violence against critics . It means a bellicose foreign policy that may lead to war , to excite a nationalist feeling . It takes xenophobia to extremes . And it is contemptuous of a rules-based liberal order .
Grant argues that even Marine Le Pen 's “ far right ” party in France is n't fascist . Yet , their National Front is much more stridently anti-immigrant than Trump . For example , Le Pen does n't favor bringing illegal immigrants back into France once they have been expelled and vetted .
Other scholars suggest that Trump may represent a wave of “ right-wing populist nationalism ” or “ illiberal democracy. ” I 'm not sure that either label quite applies to Trump ( the latter is n't a bad fit for Obama ) . In any event , this is n't fascism .
The title of Baker 's article should be “ Experts Reject Claim That Trump Is Fascist. ” Better yet , the article should n't have been written .
In 2014 , the United States Justice Department reached a settlement of its civil forfeiture cases against Mr. Obiang and forced them to relinquish assets worth $ 30 million . “ After raking in millions in bribes and kickbacks , Nguema Obiang embarked on a corruption-fueled spree in the United States , ” the Justice Department said in a statement . Court documents revealed that Mr. Obiang , who received a government salary of less than $ 100,000 , had amassed assets worth more than $ 300 million through corruption and money laundering .
But Mr. Obiang , who has a fetish for Michael Jackson memorabilia , managed to spirit away their collection in a private jet . Both the jet and the memorabilia are now “ subject to seizure and forfeiture ” if ever brought back to the United States .
Transparency International France and the judge are arguing that the confiscated assets should not revert to the French treasury as the French laws require but instead used for truly independent civil society organizations or institutions that support development and strengthen good governance in Equatorial Guinea , such as an independent electoral body .
It is too early to assess if the 2014 settlement with the United States has set a positive precedent , but it mandated that the assets Mr. Obiang relinquished in America benefit the people of Equatorial Guinea through a charity , which would be forbidden to make any payments to Mr. Obiang 's government and their associates .
While Mr. Obiang enjoys their wealth , a majority of the 1.2 million people in Equatorial Guinea live on less than $ 2 a day . They lack safe drinking water , and electricity failures are consistent and common , even in the capital .
When I was growing up in Equatorial Guinea in the 1980s , we had no running water or electricity most of the year . We would study by kerosene lamp . Streetlights barely worked in Bata , my hometown , but Mr. Obiang drove around in luxury cars .
On a visit last year I admired the skyscrapers in Bata city center but — as in my childhood — there was no electricity in the rest of the city . A month ago , I heard that an acquaintance had died in childbirth because of poor facilities . Infant mortality at 68 deaths per 1,000 live births was among the 10 highest in the world , according to the World Bank .
First let me begin saying Lego has come out with other similar City sets like this one , but they have changed it for better and worse ( sometimes ) after they discontinue it . Lego has gotten id say a little worse over the past 10 years I 've played with them . However i only Play with City themed Legos .... For example Their buildings have gotten worse because the interior is often very plain and bair , This set is one of the better new Lego City sets I 've built for a wile , cars and trains are included , Multiple Builds you can put in your city , and just the right amount of minifigures . The only thing that really bugs me is the little car dealership and repair center . Its a great idea , but the front sliding door wo n't open most of the time without a struggle , when it does it literally goes through the main office ( it like blocks the doorway to the office and nocks over anything in its way ) It 's kinda hard to explain . This set has a good number of buildings and cars for its price but then again the buildings are fairly bair inside . that seems to be the case these days with almost all Lego Sets . To be honest with you , id rather pay a little more for a set and have better interiors , then pay a little less and have bad interiors . This is good for most Lego Builders id say 7+ or 8+ . P.S . - The older Version of this set `` Town Square '' is better , however its is discontinued . * * * * The sets i recommended below all have good interiors all around ! * * * *
Billionaire Tesla founder Elon Musk says that they believe they can rebuild Puerto Rico 's power grid with batteries and solar power .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The Tesla team has [ built solar grids ] for many smaller islands around the world , but there is no scalability limit , so it can be done for Puerto Rico too , ”
Musk tweeted
on Thursday . “ Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt , PUC , any commercial stakeholders and , most importantly , the people of PR . ”
Tesla has already done similar battery and solar power projects with the Kauaʻi Island Utility Cooperative in Hawaii and in American Samoa .
Both projects were designed to supply power for much smaller populations than Puerto Rico , however . Still , the Tesla CEO is confident that their company 's existing operations can be scaled up to meet larger demand .
Currently , under 10 percent of the island has power . Puerto Rico Gov . Ricardo Rosselló said on Monday that it could take one month to restore power to only a quarter of households in the territory .
The Puerto Rico state owned electric company says that some households be without power for four to six months . Any Tesla solution would likely be aimed more toward the long-term , rather than the immediate restoration of power that 's required .
Tesla , however , has sent hundreds of its Powerwall batteries , which collect and store solar energy , to help provide power more immediately to Puerto Ricans .
Edward Frederick Benson , it 's usually stated in mini-biographies that E. F. Benson is best known for their satirical comedies of manners , the Mapp and Lucia novels . But , of course , to the likes of you and I Benson is best known as that much anthologised author of weird fiction , a name mentioned in the same breath as contemporaries James , Machen , Blackwood , etc . etc .
Published by Panther in 1974 , ‘ The Horror Horn ' was the first time Benson 's tales had been printed in a collection in over 40 years and we have the poet and novelist Alexis Lykiard to thank for bringing these stories together . I believe Lykiard was in the Panther stable themselves at the time , having had a couple of novels published by them and , being a fan of Benson , they approached Panther with the idea of bringing a selection of Benson 's tales together . Happily for us , and as we know , Panther were already publishing many collections of early 20th Century horror authors at the time , so they agreed . And The Horror Horn was born , a fine selection of thirteen E. F. Benson tales spanning thirty years or so of their career , selected and introduced by Alexis Lykiard and , to top it all off , cover art by the wonderful Bruce Pennington ( who else ? It is Panther and it is the early ‘ 70s )
It 's always a pleasure to find a Benson short story in an anthology but , as with most authors , you can never really immerse yourself in the mind-set of the author in a single story ; for that you need a collection . And what a mind-set we 're immersed in when we read a Benson collection !
Shall we take a minute to talk about their background first of all ? Perhaps it may put their themes into some sort of perspective .
T h e F a t h e r
Benson 's father was Edward White Benson . Rather a brilliant man by all accounts , they started their career as a schoolmaster at Rugby , became principal at the newly established Wellington College , and ended up as the Archbishop of Canterbury . Quite a career path . He 's also credited with planting the seed of a ghost story into the head of family friend Henry James which went on to become The Turn of the Screw . However , their home life was quite a different story . Their wife and children considered them a depressive , stern , intolerant bully . The 21 year old Edward White Benson hints in their diary that they may have homosexual tendencies but supposes that they must marry at some point so , as they get on well with her , they decide to marry their 2nd cousin , the 11 year old Mary “ Minnie ” Sidgwick . They become engaged to them the following year , when they are 12 , and marries them a few years later when they are 18 years of age .
T h e M o t h e r
Let 's move on to “ Minnie ” now . A young girl with their life mapped out for them with a marriage to their respectable older cousin . But this is a woman who Gladstone was to call “ The cleverest woman in Europe ” , they were certainly not going to be the type to perform the act of the dutiful and loyal Victorian wife . Throughout their married life , and after their husband died , Minnie had many , many affairs with other women . Some of these ‘ Schwarmerei ' , as they called them , were long term , including the ones with a thoroughly modern young composer by the name of Ethel Smyth ; and Lucy Tait , the daughter of a previous Archbishop of Canterbury . Mary Benson was a complex and fascinating character and the centre of Rodney Bolt 's noted biography with the wonderful title of ‘ As Good as God , as Clever as the Devil ' .
Although the married life of Edward White Benson and Mary Sidgwick was obviously a troubled one , they did manage to create six children , five of which survived into adulthood . Here they are :
C h i l d 1 :
Arthur Christopher Benson , schoolmaster at Eton , lecturer at Cambridge , respected poet , essayist and short story writer ( along with their brother E. F. , they penned a decent ghost story ) . Most famously , they wrote the lyrics to Land of Hope and Glory . A troubled man who is thought to have inherited bipolar disorder from their father , they remained unmarried and child-free .
C h i l d 2 :
Mary Eleanor “ Nellie ” Benson , devoted their short life to helping to educate young , poverty stricken girls in London . Remember the young composer Nellie 's mother was in love with , Ethel Smyth ? Nellie seems to have shared their mother 's love for Ms. Smyth , leading to a complicated love triangle . Nellie died of diphtheria aged 27 , they remained unmarried and child-free .
C h i l d 3 :
Margaret “ Maggie ” Benson , author , archaeologist ( along with their lifelong companion , Janet Gourlay ) and one of the first women admitted to Oxford University . Also thought to have inherited bipolar disorder from their father . During a particularly troubled period , Maggie fell in love with their mother 's lover , Lucy Tait , and in a single night tried and failed to commit suicide and then attempted to murder their mother . They were then taken to the psychiatric hospital The Priory , where they spent the rest of their days . They remained unmarried and child-free .
C h i l d 4 :
Edward Frederick Benson . At last we arrive at E.F. himself , famed and prolific author and notable figure skater . They seem to be the most stable of the Benson clan and lived to a ripe old age before dying of throat cancer in 1940 . They remained unmarried and child-free .
C h i l d 5 :
Robert Hugh Benson , another very well respected author of their day . They followed their father 's footsteps into the church to become an Anglican priest but later converted to Catholicism . Obviously , being a good Catholic priest , they remained unmarried and child-free .
And there we have the Benson family . Quite a bunch . Highly educated and prolific authors , every man jack of them . What would you expect from being brought up in an environment where you were n't allowed breakfast until you 'd asked for it in rhyming couplets ?
So , back to the book in question then . Here 's the :
C O N T E N T S
Introduction by Alexis Lykiard
The Room in the Tower
Gavon 's Eve
Caterpillars
The Thing in the Hall
The House with the Brick-Kiln
The Horror Horn
Negotium Perambulans
Mrs. Amworth
The Face
‘ And no bird sings '
The Bed by the Window
Monkeys
The Sanctuary
Lykiard offers us a selection which spans Benson 's writing career . The first five stories are from their 1912 collection ‘ The Room in the Tower ' , the following three are from 1923 's ‘ Visible and Invisible ' , the next two are from 1928 's ‘ Spook Stories ' , and the final three from their 1934 collection ‘ More Spook Stories ' .
It 's interesting to see how Benson 's writing style changed over the years . The early tales are written very much in the Victorian style , all long sentences with a very liberal use of the comma . Nothing wrong with that of course , in a skilled hand it can create a very elegant and stately feel . Reading these though , they do seem a tad on the clumsy side with the comma usage sending the prose off on tangential rambles . However , by the time we reach the later stories towards the end of the collection he 's writing with a far more assured pen and we 're treated to some finely crafted short stories .
So , what of the nightmares of Benson ? What are the horrors that pervade their pages ? Their favoured format is a 1st person narrative and the narrator is , more often than not , a thoroughly decent , well-to-do , bachelor , sort of chap . The horrors come from outside in an attempt to harm the ordered society of the well-mannered . Whether this is a matter of fear on Benson 's part or of wish-fulfilment I do n't know , but they did like to satirise upper-middle class society in their Mapp and Lucia novels so perhaps it 's a little of both . This encroachment does n't just come from their horrors , it can be found all through their work , such as the introduction to Mrs. Amworth where the setting is the idyllically quaint village of Maxley , where the heather-clad downs carry warm , scented breezes to the tranquil innocence of the village . However :
The general peace is sadly broken on Saturdays and Sundays , for we lie on one of the main roads between London and Brighton and our quiet street becomes a race-course for flying motor-cars and bicycles . A notice just outside the village begging them to go slowly only seems to encourage them to accelerate their speed , for the road lies open and straight , and there is really no reason why they should do otherwise . By way of protest , therefore , the ladies of Maxley cover their noses and mouths with their handkerchiefs as they see a motor-car approaching , though , as the street is asphalted , they need not really take these precautions against dust . But late on Sunday night the horde of scorchers has passed , and we settle down again to five days of cheerful and leisurely seclusion .
This was first published in 1923 , a world still in the shadow of the very real horrors of The Great War and the Spanish Flu pandemic . Everyone was recoiling from the previous few years , there were those who tried to cling to traditionalism and there were those who embraced modernism , both sides of the coin wrapped up in a neat paragraph .
In the aftermath of The Great War there was also a marked rise in the popularity of spiritualism and psychical research , contemporary mores which Benson regularly addresses with both suspicion and admiration . Benson 's maternal Uncle , the philosopher Henry Sidgwick , was one of the founders and first president of the Society for Psychical Research and their maternal Aunt , Eleanor Sidgwick , became president in 1908 . So , Benson had strong links with the SPR and mentions them often in their stories , if a character is not an active member of the society then they invariably have an interest in the spiritual realms . As opposed to an average M. R. James tale , where the central character begins as a cynic and undergoes a conversion ( such as ‘ Oh , Whistle… ' ) , an E. F. Benson character will be more likely to begin the story as a believer ( or at least be open-minded ) and have those beliefs confirmed .
The branch of psychic ability which Benson seems to have the most interest in is that of the prophetic dream . Dreams appear , in one way or another , in seven of the thirteen tales in this collection . This tone is set from the very beginning as the opening story , The Room in the Tower , famously introduces itself with a five hundred word discourse on the nature of dreams . Of course , a cynic may suggest that the device is used a little too often by Benson ; ensuring the plotline is developed by giving the protagonist a ‘ forewarned is forearmed ' status with such a simple construct as a prophetic dream could conceivably be considered as a little lazy . But , I would never say such a thing , it 's obviously a subject close to the author 's heart .
And talking of subjects close to the author 's heart , let 's move on to the horrors which Benson has these brave chaps defending the ordered world against .
In two of the stories we have female vampires , both mature women who invariably suck the life from young men .
We have a lost tribe of savage , mountain-dwelling primitives who rape both their male and female victims .
Most peculiar of all is Benson 's seeming obsession with oversized worm-like creatures . We have them writhing on a four-poster bed :
…covered with great caterpillars , a foot or more in length , which crawled over it . They were faintly luminous , and it was the light from them that showed me the room . Instead of the sucker-feet of ordinary caterpillars they had rows of pincers like crabs , and they moved by grasping what they lay on with their pincers , and then sliding their bodies forward . In colour these dreadful insects were yellowish-grey , and they were covered with irregular lumps and swellings . There must have been hundreds of them , for they formed a sort of writhing , crawling pyramid on the bed . Occasionally one fell off on to the floor , with a soft fleshy thud…
We also have an instance of a grey worm falling onto someone 's shirt-front , seemingly from nowhere and with very little relevance to the story .
But strangest of all is the recurring creature which appears in several of Benson 's tales . It 's usually described as an elemental and it 's rather a Lovecraftian beast ; in fact , Benson gets a mention in Lovecraft 's essay ‘ Supernatural Horror in Literature ' which gives particular mention to one of the finest in this collection , ‘ Negotium Perambulans ' . This ‘ elemental ' is large and slug-like ; it is sparsely haired and rears up when aroused ; it is foul smelling and mostly comes out in the dark ; it is as thick as a man 's thigh and has a bluntly pointed end with a single orifice ; and instead of blood it contains a pale , viscous fluid . Although we do not know where this creature comes from it appears to act as servant to a greater intelligence and has the ability to turn a chap 's mind to brutal and nefarious thoughts ; eventually , it will suck the life from whoever it haunts , draining them of bodily fluids and leaving only a limp and flaccid skin behind .
Add to this the final story about a distant family member and their clan indulging in some strange religious practices and we have enough to make any Freudian psychoanalyst think they 've hit the mother-lode with Benson .
And on that note I 'll leave you with a quote from Benson 's tale ‘ The Face ' :
Psychologists taught that these early impressions fester or poison the mind like some hidden abscess .
Ben Higgins is picking up the pieces after their engagement to Lauren Bushnell did n't work out .
For starters , the Colorado-native is gearing up to release a podcast with fellow Bachelor Nation star Ashley Iaconetti , and E ! News has an exclusive look at the duo 's first episode . Ben addresses the surprise split , speaking for one of the first times about how he 's coping with life as a bachelor once more .
`` Just to be as politically correct as possible and to also be as truthful as possible , Lauren will always be one of my best friends , '' Ben shared . `` It 's [ a relationship ] where I learned a lot about myself ; I think they learned a lot about herself . Obviously , they know me better than anybody else that has gone through this experience , and really probably anybody else in the world . It 's tough . ''
Higgins described the heartache as `` very fresh , '' because in their words , `` It 's hard to say goodbye to somebody that you spent so much time with and it 's hard to say goodbye to somebody that you really did believe was the one for you . ''
American lawyer and whistleblower
John Napier Tye ( born c. 1976 ) is a former official of the U.S. State Department who came forward in 2014 as a whistleblower seeking to publicize certain electronic surveillance practices of the U.S. government under Executive Order 12333 . They later co-founded a non-profit law firm , Whistleblower Aid , intended to help federal government whistleblowers forward their concerns without incurring legal liability .
Biography [ edit ]
John Tye was born in a suburb of Boston . [ 1 ] They attended Duke University , where they earned a B.S . in Adaptive and Intelligent Systems , a major of their own creation . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] Said Tye of their undergraduate career , `` I thought I was going to be a scientist . But when I was graduating , I decided I wanted to do things that have more of an impact on real people . `` [ 1 ]
Tye then attended Lincoln College at the University of Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar . There , they studied philosophy , politics , and economics . [ 2 ] After studying at Oxford , they did research on hate groups for the Southern Poverty Law Center . [ 1 ] They then earned a J.D . at Yale Law , where they joined a civil liberties litigation clinic . After graduating from Yale in 2006 , Tye moved to New Orleans , where they worked on housing issues for low-income families . [ 2 ] [ 3 ] They co-authored a May 2010 study on reform of the U.S. housing finance system , described as `` essential reading '' by real estate blogger Jonathan Miller , and co-authored the introductory chapter of the 2011 book The American Mortgage System : Crisis and Reform . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
In January 2011 , Tye was recruited to the State Department by their former Yale instructor Michael Posner , then Assistant Secretary of State . [ 7 ] They served in the State Department until April 2014 , as section chief for Internet freedom in the State Department 's Bureau of Democracy , Human Rights , and Labor , where they were cleared to access Top Secret and Sensitive Compartmented Information . [ 8 ] In their official role , Tye sometimes traveled abroad and advocated for an open Internet , free of government surveillance . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
From 2014 to 2015 , Tye was a legal director and campaign director of Avaaz , a global civic activist organization . [ 11 ] [ 12 ]
Whistleblowing [ edit ]
Internal channels [ edit ]
In Fall 2013 and February 2014 , Tye attended two classified National Security Agency briefings on Executive Order 12333 , which was signed by President Ronald Reagan and amended by President George W . Bush . [ 1 ] [ 7 ] Tye attended these briefings so that they could help prepare the State Department 's response to the high-profile leaks disclosed by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden . [ 11 ] Following a January 17 , 2014 speech by President Barack Obama on NSA surveillance reforms that failed to mention changes to activities under E.O . 12333 , Tye began to use internal channels at the State Department to press their concerns over the order . [ 9 ] Prior to leaving the State Department in April 2014 , Tye filed a complaint with the Department 's inspector general , asserting that the intelligence collection and retention policies being carried out under E.O . 12333 violated the Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution .
Tye also met with staffers of the House and Senate Intelligence committees , and communicated their complaint to the inspector general of the NSA . [ 8 ] [ 10 ] The House Intelligence committee responded in a letter to Tye that it `` reviewed your allegations and has taken the action it deems appropriate in this matter . `` [ 1 ]
Public disclosure [ edit ]
On July 18 , 2014 , The Washington Post published an editorial written by Tye highlighting their concerns over U.S. signals intelligence activities performed under E.O . 12333 . Comparing this executive order to the much-discussed Section 215 of the Patriot Act , Tye wrote , `` I believe that Americans should be even more concerned about the collection and storage of their communications under Executive Order 12333 than under Section 215 . `` [ 8 ] E.O . 12333 , Tye wrote , allows for the collection of both metadata and communication contents of U.S. persons , so long as the collection takes place outside the U.S. [ 1 ] [ 8 ] However , Tye argued , many communications between U.S. persons may transit or be stored on servers outside the U.S. , making them vulnerable to collection under E.O . 12333 . [ 8 ] Although U.S. persons can not be directly `` targeted '' under the order , their communications can be gathered `` incidentally '' in the course of investigating a foreign target . [ 8 ] Tye argued that under the government 's interpretation of Order 12333 , `` incidental collection '' could include the data of every person using popular internet services—including Gmail , Yahoo , and Dropbox—amounting to , in theory , `` billions of people '' . [ 11 ]
As an executive order rather than a statute , Tye noted , E.O . 12333 had never been subject to congressional or judicial oversight . Collection under the order does not require a warrant and need not be reported to Congress . The president 's Review Group on Intelligence and Communication Technologies had recommended reform to collection policies under Order 12333 , yet the White House had indicated it would not enact this recommendation . [ 1 ] [ 8 ]
On July 23 , 2014 , Tye spoke at a public meeting of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board , an independent agency within the executive branch tasked with advising the president on matters of privacy and civil liberties . [ 10 ]
In November 2014 , Tye spoke about their experience at the TEDx Charlottesville conference . [ 13 ]
Tye maintains that they have not , and will not , release any classified information . Prior to publication , they submitted their Post editorial for approval by the State Department and the NSA , which both deemed that no changes were necessary . [ 1 ] [ 8 ] [ 11 ] In addition , Tye has insisted on having a third party present when speaking to reporters to counter any later claim that they revealed classified information . [ 9 ]
Reactions [ edit ]
On August 19 , Alexander Joel , Civil Liberties Protection Officer of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence , responded directly to Tye 's Post editorial . [ 14 ] Joel emphasized that Americans can not be directly targeted under Executive Order 12333 , and that use and retention of the collected data is limited by policies approved by the U.S. Attorney General . Notably , under these policies , data can not be retained for more than five years . [ 11 ] Tye responded that arguments about targeting and limits on use ignored more important questions of whose data is actually collected , and how that data is retained .
In responding to Tye 's allegations , NSA spokesperson Vanee Vines said , `` Whether NSA 's activities are conducted under EO 12333 or the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , NSA applies Attorney General-approved processes to protect the privacy of U.S. persons in the collection , retention , and use of foreign intelligence . `` [ 9 ]
Ben Wizner , lead attorney for NSA leaker Edward Snowden , called Tye 's actions `` entirely admirable , '' noting that not every whistleblower could be expected to take on the personal risks that Snowden did by revealing classified information . [ 11 ] [ 15 ] Tye 's own attorney , Mark Zaid , a critic of Snowden , acknowledged that Snowden 's disclosures had likely made it easier for Tye to come forward with their own revelation . [ 9 ]
Legal experts debated the potential impact of Tye 's disclosure on the possibility of reform of practices under E.O . 12333 , with Indiana University law professor Fred Cate arguing that such a disclosure within the rules of the government 's classification system may not have the impact of a leak of classified documents . Mark Jaycox of the Electronic Frontier Foundation argued that Tye 's disclosure would help to push forward the reform process . [ 11 ]
Tye was named one of 2014 's `` National Security Law Heroes '' by Steve Vladeck of the blog Just Security . [ 16 ]
Whistleblower Aid [ edit ]
In September 2017 , Tye and lawyer Mark Zaid cofounded Whistleblower Aid , a nonprofit law firm . Initially focused on employees and contractors of the U.S. federal government , Whistleblower Aid emphasizes it is different from WikiLeaks : `` No one should ever send classified information to Whistleblower Aid , '' the firm states . `` Whistleblower Aid will never assist clients or prospective clients with leaking classified information . '' Instead , would-be whistleblowers with classified information will be directed to investigators with security clearances to help expose wrongdoing without breaking the law or incurring criminal liability . [ 17 ] [ 18 ] `` We are trying to hold the U.S. government accountable , '' Zaid explained , `` and provide free legal services to whistleblowers so they do n't ruin their careers in the process or be prosecuted . `` [ 19 ] Clients will not be charged . To cover expenses , the firm solicits donations from foundations and crowdsourced funding . [ 17 ]
See also [ edit ]
A WEEKLY e-waste garbage collection and an opt-in trial for collection of food waste , are part of a ­radical plan to overhaul ­garbage collection in the city .
The City of Sydney has unveiled an Australian-first and world-leading plan to drastically reduce the amount of household waste going to landfill .
“ Not so long ago , residents could throw all their rubbish into one bin , with City rubbish trucks transporting the contents of those bins to one big landfill site , ” said Lord Mayor Clover Moore .
“ Thankfully , those days are over and we 're now much closer to a time where not a single item collected by City waste services ends up in landfill . ”
A weekly garbage collection of e-waste would allow residents to keep harmful substances — ­aluminium , copper and more — out of landfill .
The council also proposed a community drop-off centre for clothing and ­textiles and would investigate how to make textiles collection a common feature of bin rooms in ­apartment buildings .
media_camera A snapshot of the City of Sydney e-waste collection .
Cr Moore said the City would also work alongside the waste industry to ­investigate the feasibility of whether an energy-from-waste facility could be introduced to deal with items that could not be recycled .
Finer details of the policy were still being worked out , ­including whether new bins would be required .
To be introduced in 2019 , the Leave Nothing to Waste policy also focuses on encouraging recycling from buildings , public spaces and businesses .
“ Businesses generate more than 90 per cent of all waste produced in the city area and we need their commitment to seriously change the way we deal with waste in Sydney , ” Cr Moore said .
At the moment , 65,000 tonnes of waste is collected from residents each year , set to rise to 87,000 tonnes in 2030 .
WHAT IS A SILENT RETREAT
What is a Silent Retreat ? 1:32 In a world of constant distractions and buzzing notifications , sometimes a technology filled lifestyle needs to be put on snooze . That 's exactly what a silent retreat is for , all you have to do is show up - and shut up ... What is a Silent Retreat ?
The city 's revised goals would mean a reduction from the 20,150 tonnes which currently makes its way to landfill to just 8700 tonnes annually .
The City will also seek to upgrade its own depots to separate and sort waste .
Residents are encouraged to provide feedback at ­sydneyyoursay.com.au
We are facing a massive mental health problem as a result of our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . As a country we have not responded adequately to the problem . Unless we act urgently and wisely , we will be dealing with an epidemic of service related psychological wounds for years to come .
— Bobby Muller , President Veterans for America The multiple nature of it [ multiple tours and longer deployments ] is unprecedented . People just get blasted and blasted and blasted .
— Maj. Connie Johnmeyer , 332nd Medical Group
According to official Defense Department ( DOD ) figures , 332,000 soldiers have suffered brain injuries since 2000 , although most independent experts estimate that the number is over 400,000 . Many of these are mild traumatic brain injuries ( mTBI ) , a term that is profoundly misleading .
As David Hovda , director of the Brain Injury Research Center at the University of California at Los Angeles , points out , “ I do n't know what makes it ‘ mild , ' because it can evolve into anxiety disorders , personality changes , and depression. ” It can also set off a constellation of physical disabilities from chronic pain to sexual dysfunction and insomnia .
MTBI is defined as any incident that produces unconsciousness lasting for up to a half hour or creates an altered state consciousness . It is the signature wound for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , where roadside bombs are the principal weapon for insurgents .
Most soldiers recover from mTBI , but between five and 15 percent do not . According to Dr. Elaine Peskind of the University of Washington Medical School , “ The estimate of the number who returned with symptomatic mild traumatic brain injury due to blast exposure has varied from the official VA [ Veterans Administration ] number of 9 percent officially diagnosed with mTBI to over 20 percent , and , I think , ultimately it will be higher than that . ”
Serious consequences from mTBI are increased when troops are subjected to multiple explosions and “ just get blasted and blasted and blasted , ” in the words of Maj. Connie Johnmeyer . Out of two million troops who have served in Iraq and Afghanistan , over 800,000 have had multiple deployments , many up to five times or more .
But mTBI is difficult to diagnose because it does not show up on standard CAT scans and MRIs . “ Our scans show nothing , ” says Dr. Michael Weiner , professor of radiology , psychiatry and neurology at the University of California at San Francisco and director of the Center for Imaging Neurodegenerative Disease at the Veteran 's Administration Medical Center .
They do now .
An MRI set to track the flow of water through the brain 's neurons has turned up anomalies that indicate the presence of mTBI . However , the military has blocked informing patients of results of the research , and if history is any guide , the Pentagon will do its best to shelve or ignore the results .
The DOD has long resisted the diagnosis of mTBI , as it has avoided paying for a successful—but expensive—way to treat it . The price of that resistance is escalating suicide rates and domestic violence incidents among returning soldiers . In 2010 , almost as many soldiers committed suicide as fell in battle .
MTBI is hardly new . Some 5.3 million people in the U.S. are currently hospitalized or in residential facilities because of it , and its social consequences are severe .
A Mt . Sinai Hospital study of 100 homeless men in New York found that 80 percent of them had suffered brain trauma , much of it from child abuse . A study of 5,000 homeless people in New Haven discovered that those who had suffered a blow that knocked them unconscious or into an altered state were twice as likely to have alcohol and drug problems and to be depressed . It also found mTBI injuries were correlated with suicide attempts , panic attacks , and obsessive-compulsive disorders . And a recent study by Dr. Elaine Peskind of the University of Washington School of Medicine found that mTBI is a risk factor for developing Alzheimer 's disease .
In spite of the documented consequences of mTBI , the military has been extremely tardy in dealing with it . Part of the problem is military culture itself . The Pentagon found that 60 percent of the soldiers who suffered from the symptoms of mTBI refused help because they feared their unit leaders would treat them differently . Many were also afraid that if they reported their condition it would prevent them from getting jobs as police and firefighters after they got out of the service .
Even if soldiers wanted treatment , there are few resources available to them . “ There are two things going on regarding vets , ” says Col. ( ret ) Will Wilson , chair of the American Psychological Association 's Division 19 ( Military Psychology ) . “ One , there are not enough care providers available , and , two , there are not enough people focusing on the problem outside the military . ”
Indeed , there are not enough military psychologists to treat the problem , and since the military pays below-market rates for civilian psychologists , up to 30 percent of private psychologists are unwilling to take on soldiers as patients . The cheapest and easiest solution is to shoot up the vets with drugs . A study by Veterans for America found that some soldiers were taking up to 20 different medications , many of which canceled out the effect of others .
The situation appears to be even worse for National Guard and Reserve units , who make up almost 50 percent of the troops deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan . The Veterans for America found that such troops “ are experiencing rates of mental health problems 44 percent higher than their active duty counterparts ” and that their health care is generally inferior .
A Harvard study found that 1.8 million vets under 65 have no health care or access to the Veterans Administration . “ Most uninsured veterans are low-to-middle income workers who are too poor to afford private coverage but are not poor enough to qualify for Medicaid or free VA care , ” the study found .
Treating mTBI injuries is difficult , but by no means impossible . Dr. Alisa Gean , chief of Neuroradiology at San Francisco General Hospital , who has worked with wounded soldiers at U.S. Army 's Regional Medical Center at Landstuhl , Germany says the old conventional wisdom that brain damage was untreatable is wrong . “ We now know that the brain can heal . It has an intrinsic plasticity that allows it to recover , and this is particularly true for the young brain . ”
A recent study by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology found that “ neurons in the adult brain can remodel their connections , ” thus “ overturning a century of prevailing thought . ”
One method that has worked effectively is cognitive rehabilitation therapy ( CRT ) that retrains patients for tasks like counting , cooking , and memory . But CRT takes time and it can be expensive , ranging from $ 15,000 to $ 50,000 per patient . However , the DOD 's health program—Tricare—refuses to endorse CRT , because it says there is no scientific evidence that justifies the expense involved .
However , an investigation by T. Christian Miller of ProPublica and Daniel Zwerdling of National Public Radio found that the vast majority of researchers , even those associated with the DOD , sharply disagreed with Tricare 's evaluation of CRT . According to the two reporters , “ A panel of 50 civilian and military brain specialists convened by the Pentagon unanimously concluded that cognitive therapy was an effective treatment and would help many brain damaged troops . ”
The therapy is also endorsed by the National Institutes of Health , the National Academy of Neurophysiology and the British Society of Rehabilitative Medicine .
Instead of accepting the advice of its own researchers , however , Tricare hired ECRI—a company which had already done a study concluding that CRT was ineffective—to examine the therapy . But critics charge that the study was so narrow , and the assumptions behind it so loaded , that it was almost a given that the study would conclude the benefits of cognitive therapy were “ inconclusive. ” Outside researchers blasted the ECRI study , one of them describing it as “ hooey ” and “ baloney . ”
In spite of the criticism , then Deputy Secretary of Defense Gordon England concluded , “ The rigor of the research…has not met the required standard . ”
However , Miller and Zwerdling concluded that Tricare 's resistance to CRT was not about science , but the bottom dollar . According to the reporters , a Tricare-sponsored study found “ that comprehensive rehabilitative therapy could cost as much as $ 51,480 per patient . By contrast , sending patients home from the hospital to get a weekly phone call from a therapist amounted to only $ 504 a patient . ”
Defense Secretary Robert Gates has already made it clear that they intend to cut the military 's $ 50 billion annual health budget . No matter how effective CRT is , it 's not likely to get past the brass , who would rather spend the money on weapon systems than on healing the men and women who they so casually put in harm 's way .
So far , the military has put the clamps on the new MRI technique . Dr. David L. Brody , an author of the study , told the New York Times that researchers were blocked from giving the MRI results to patients . “ We were specifically directed by the Department of Defense not to so , ” adding , “ It was anguishing for us , because as a doctor I would like to be able to help them in any way . But that was not the protocol we agreed to . ”
Given that mTBI is so difficult to diagnose , and sufferers are many times told there is nothing wrong with them , that seems an especially cruel protocol . “ Many of them [ the doctors ] were hoping we could give results to their care providers to document or validate their concerns . ”
In the end it will come down to treatment , and whether the wounded vets will get the care they need , or sit by a phone and wait for their once a week call from a therapist .
More of Conn Hallinan 's work can be found at Dispatches From the Edge .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A Russian Senator has called for one of the country 's most notoriously homophobic politicians to face criminal charges for theirs extremism .
Vitaly Milonov , the politician who instigated the country 's so called ‘ gay propaganda ' law , has repeatedly faced allegations that they are involved in violent anti-gay groups .
According to RT , Senator Konstantin Dobryni has called for Milonov to face a probe and potential criminal charges , citing their extremist views .
In addition to their anti-gay activism , Milonov has repeatedly made racist comments about Ukrainians and Crimean Tatars , describing them as “ pigs ” and “ fascist Turkish mugs ” .
According to Mr Dobryni , Milonov would qualify for up to 11 separate criminal charges – with a potential jail sentence of up to 20 years .
Milonov dismissed the comments , telling RSN radio : “ For him , everything in Orthodox Christianity is extremism .
“ I do n't want to notice this man .
“ I can not take this seriously . I have issued a personal spiritual ban for this man . They have probably written more reports on me than Judas had on Christ . ”
Milonov is currently bringing forward legislation that would close a ‘ loophole ' in the country 's laws which allowed a lesbian couple to marry .
Irina Shumilova and Alyona Fursova married in a St Petersburg registry office earlier this month , both turning up in wedding dresses and holding bouquets of flowers .
Same-sex marriage remains banned in Russia , but the registrars found themselves with an unexpected legal dilemma – as Ms Shumilova is transsexual , they are legally treated as male .
The registrars had to either recognise their gender in order to halt the marriage , or allow it to go ahead – and opted to do the latter .
R-INFINITY has announced an upcoming dating sim for smartphones that purports to be the first yuri game aimed at women . Details are limited — even a title has n't been announced — but artwork and a tagline are available . The tagline translates to `` I wonder what sort of goodbye we 'll have . ''
R-INFINITY is seeking four scenario writers and has a job posting linked to the game 's webpage . It seeks writers interested in utsuge ( depressing games ) with a `` dignified '' writing style and adept at portraying complicated emotions and appealing to the hearts of women in their late 20s to 40s . It also welcomes applicants who love big breasts . According to the company 's official Twitter feed , it has already received numerous applications .
The game will charge fees for item downloads and be available for the iOS and Android in the fall . R-INFINITY has mostly developed games for male audiences previously , although its fairy tale-themed game Saiai Märchen : Lotte Forest no Dōwa is aimed at a female audience .
[ Via R-INFINITY official site and Netlab ]
- Advertisement -
Just how evil have the CIA , NSA , the FBI , military intelligence and other agencies become ? Let 's start with the fact that their heads , Clapper and Alexander , have lied to congress , with the protection of the President and the heads of the intelligence committees .
As the anniversary of the JFK assassination approaches , more information is coming out . We have two great articles in Opednews.com today .
- Advertisement -
- Advertisement -
( Image by rob kall ) Details DMCA
I 've gotten to know a number of JFK assassination researchers and experts . The gist of the message is that the CIA was involved in the killing . That should n't be surprising . The CIA has been involved in killing other presidents and other governments in other lands . It 's not that big a stretch to imagine the CIA killing a president . .
We know that the CIA collaborated with war criminal Dick Cheney to persuade Colin Powell to give their famous WMD speech to the United Nations in 2003 . We know they have repeatedly helped dictators to take power by undermining democratically elected regimes throughout the world . Maybe we should call the CIA the Corporate Intelligence Agency .
- Advertisement -
We 've learned from disclosures by whistleblowers -- American Hero whistleblowers -- that the intelligence community is out of control , violating our constitutional rights . Let me be clear . Violating our constitutional rights means they are breaking the law . The CIA , NSA and the rest of the intelligence orgs have their backs covered by people like senator Dianne Feinstein and president Obama -- people who have basically made these agencies unaccountable to the American people .
The criminality and the abuses of the CIA and NSA should be investigated , as they were by the Church committee , decades ago . This should be a bi-partisan issue . It wo n't be surprising to see the Democrats who enable Obama 's abuses , their maintenance and expansion of Executive Powers expanded by Bush and Cheney , covering Obama 's butt . But there will be enough legislators , soon , so we should start seeing legislation .
What kinds of legislation can we expect to see soon ?
-restraining the NSA , putting tighter limits on their spying on the American public and the world , and on widely used websites like facebook , google and Twitter . This should be a bi-partisan issue .
-Legislation further expanding the rights associated with FOIA requests -- rights by the people asking the questions . This should be a bi-partisan issue .
-Open Government and transparency expansion -- this should be a bi-partisan issue .
What Kinds of Government Responses can we expect to see soon ?
-Obama is expanding the classification of government workers involved in security work -- so they are not allowed to engage in whistleblowing . Pretty soon , postal delivery workers will be given security classifications .
-protection of the spy agencies by heads of congressional intelligence committees . These elected officials are profoundly , pathologically misguided in their defending NSA , CIA , etcetera , and literally misleading the public , telling us that they really know what these agencies are up to . They should be charging Clapper and Alexander with lying to congress , and prosecuting them .
What can WE do ?
I 'm not a big believer in the potential for electoral politics to make a difference . But this is one issue that I think legislators could get on board with . So , let your congressperson and senator know you want them to
-demand that the heads of the committees , who have allowed their committees to be lied to , be removed as committee heads and replaced with people committed to getting to the truth , and to charging and prosecuting people who lie to congress .
-pass legislation restricting spying on Americans , restricting collecting massive amounts of data with a `` collect it all '' attitude .
-pass legislation requiring government agencies to post all their data and numbers and interactions with individuals and corporations on-line in uniformly accessible ways , to increase government openness and transparency
-pass legislation making it easier to get faster , less redacted , more complete Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) requests , so agencies MUST respond and provide requested materials , and lower the number of years when classified materials have their secrecy expire .
-pass legislation restricting use of secrecy classification , because abuse of classification is being abused and out of control
-Support for development of digital technologies that make access to open government better , easier , deeper .
-pass legislation honoring Edward Snowden and Bradley Manning as heroes who have served America nobly
There 's no question that every nation needs intelligence agencies . But the USA 's agencies have gone out of control . We need intel , but we need to be able to trust the agencies that dig it up . We do n't have that now . Serious changes must be made .
VISAKHAPATNAM : Shikhar Dhawan struck a sublime hundred in the nick of time as India delivered yet again in a series decider to beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in the third ODI and record their eighth successive win in a bilateral contest.India raced to the 216-run target in 32.1 overs with Dhawan ( 100 n.o . off 85 ) completing their 12th ODI ton in what turned out to be the penultimate over of the match.Shreyas Iyer made a significant 65 off 63 balls , their second successive half century , but missed on the opportunity of scoring a hundred in a winning cause . Dinesh Karthik remained unbeaten on 26 alongside Dhawan and hit the winning runs.The quick run chase came after a Sri Lankan collapse that saw them getting all out for 215 from a promising 160 for two.The visitors failed to apply themselves on a pitch that offered decent turn as Indian spinners Yuzvendra Chahal and Kuldeep Yadav picked up three wickets apiece.With the professional performance on Sunday , India won their sixth ODI series of the year and eighth in a row since July 2016.Sri Lanka , on the other hand , were consigned to yet another defeat in a rather miserable year in which they have won only five matches.The hundred was there for the taking and Dhawan grabbed the opportunity with both hands.During the course of their match-winning knock , Dhawan crossed the 4,000-run barrier in their 96th ODI . They hit 13 boundaries and two sixes overall as they toyed with the Sri Lankan attack.Iyer reached their second ODI fifty in 44 balls before throwing their wicket away by attempting a big shot off Thisara Perara only to sky a catch to Suranga Lakmal at mid-on.The Mumbai batsman survived two dropped chances , when on 25 and 38 . In the first instance , Angelo Matthews grassed a catch at slip off Sachith Pathirana 's first delivery and the second life came when Akila Dhananjaya could n't hold on to a tough chance at the deep third-man.India skipper Rohit Sharma was not able to reproduce their Mohali magic here as they fell in the fourth over after hitting a big six off Akila Dhananjaya.The leggie got their googly to come in sharply and deceive Sharma much to the disappointment of the crowd . The captain made just seven after having decimated the Lanka attack in Mohali with a brilliant double ton.Dhawan and Iyer made light of the early departure of their skipper and put on 135 runs in 19 overs to put India on the road to victory.Iyer , who scored their maiden ODI fifty at Mohali , hit a flurry of boundaries after a cautious start and hoisted Pathirana for six over long-on.Earlier , Sri Lanka suffered a dramatic collapse undoing the good work done by opener Upul Tharanga.Spinners Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal shared three wickets each for India as Sri Lanka squandered a blistering start provided by Tharanga ( 95 off 82 ) .The wicket offered decent turn for the spinners but the visitors failed to apply themselves , losing the last five wickets in the space of 18 runs and the last eight for 55 runs.Put in to bat by India captain Rohit Sharma , Sri Lanka were cruising with Tharanga and Sadeera Samarawickrama ( 42 ) sharing a 121-run stand for the second wicket after Danushka Gunathilaka ( 13 ) fell in the fourth over.Tharanga played some superb shots and was not afraid to hit aerial . The southpaw hit all their three sixes off Chahal , who otherwise was the best bowler on show with their drift and turn troubling the batsmen.Hardik Pandya came in as the first change bowler in the seventh over , replacing Bhuvneshwar Kumar . They were taken for 20 runs in their second over by Tharanga , who looked increasingly confident but got lucky on a few occasions.The seasoned Angelo Matthews , who walked in following Samarawickrama exit , put on 24 runs with Tharanga , before the left-hander was stumped by MS Dhoni off Kuldeep 's bowling for 95.The opener , who missed out on a well-deserved ton , completed 1,000 runs for the calendar year during the course of the knock . Thereafter , it all went downhill for Sri Lanka.Both sides made one change each to their playing eleven with India bringing in Kuldeep in place of an ill Washington Sundar and Lanka replacing the misfiring Lahiru Thirimanne with Samarawickrama .
Hundreds of people gathered on the steps of the Victorian Parliament House in Melbourne yesterday to stand in protest against the proposed “ ag-gag ” laws .
For the third consecutive year these proposed laws have been tabled and once again , people are out in force voicing their opposition .
Guest speaker at the rally , Daniel Beecher from Phoenix Legal Solutions , said :
“ The current system of enforcing animal welfare protection laws is completely broken and what 's currently proposed by this ag-gag law is not going to help but hinder any progress towards fixing the system . It creates an environment where a task that should be performed by government is being performed instead by community minded citizens . ''
And it is because of these “ community minded citizens ” – or “ animal activists ” , if you like – that the public is aware of puppy farms , caged hens , live export atrocities , the horrors of factory farming and , most recently , Animals Australia 's exposé on the greyhound racing industry 's systematically cruel practices . Without the brave work of these people , the Australian public would be ignorant of many animal abuses — many of which only continue because the public demand the product . If the truths continue to be revealed , then its dangerous times for agribusiness .
West Australian Liberal Senator Dr Chris Back , who is supported by the agricultural industry and much of the country media , wants the laws to be passed in the Senate as quickly as possible . They want to convince the public they are acting the best interests of the animal .
According to Senator Back ( reported in the Weekly Times , June 17 ) :
“ From a veterinarian 's point of view , the sooner an animal is attended after someone has observed cruelty , the more likely it is that the animal is going to recover , and the more quickly a perpetrator can be brought to account , the more quickly you can stop it happening to other animals . ”
However , the reality is that , if passed , these laws would prohibit much of the footage taken in the first place to expose the perpetrators . There would be no chance for someone to `` observe the cruelty '' because they would risk hefty fines and jail time .
Animal Liberation Victoria founder Patty Mark also addressed the crowd yesterday . They said that , upon entering these facilities , “ straight away we find severely sickened and dying animals ” .
So disturbed is Ms Mark by what they have seen as an investigator throughout their years that they believe that
“ ... improving conditions is not the answer . We need to shut these places down . ''
The laws purpose is , in effect , to silence would be whistle-blowers and severely stifle the debate surrounding animal welfare . The perpetrators who carry out the cruelty are protected whilst those trying to expose it are persecuted .
The United States has already passed the laws in many states , with four Californian activists charged in January under Utah 's ag-gag law for standing on the roadside and taking pictures of a pig farm .
Similarly , if the laws were to be passed here in Australia , taking a photo or filming abuse would be a punishable crime , but the abuse itself would remain ignored .
The industry will continue to fight to keep the public in the dark and , should these dangerous laws be introduced , they will have won an enormous victory .
If they have nothing to hide and are in support of protecting animal welfare then why not open the gates and let the people in ?
You can follow Sarah Mclellan on Twitter @ sarahmclellan7 .
Stop AgGag laws . People should be free to report animal cruelty . RT , Sign http : //t.co/LxUpKjSZzo # DolphinAngels # イルカ天使 — Sue B ( @ B4Sue ) June 28 , 2015
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Australia License
Monthly Donation Frequency Monthly Annually Amount $ Single Donation Amount $
News with a conscience . Subscribe to IA for just $ 5 .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OCONOMOWOC ( WITI ) -- A transgender elementary student in Oconomowoc has sparked a change in school policy regarding using the bathroom . It 's an issue the district is dealing with for the first time .
Concerns were brought to the attention of faculty and staff on Friday , September 6th after a transgender student at Summit Elementary School used the female bathroom while another student was inside .
`` I think this is a difficult conversation because it involves children , '' said Superintendent Roger Rindo . `` Student confidentiality is our primary concern . ''
After complaints from parents , the Oconomowoc School District has made a decision to provide a unisex bathroom at each school in the district .
`` What 's really important is that we 're not singling anyone out -- that anybody can use that bathroom , '' said Rindo .
One faculty bathroom at all the schools will be re-purposed or relabeled as unisex .
Dr. Maureen White of the Milwaukee LGBT Community Center says they applaud the school district for standing up for diversity .
`` I think it 's really important for the young person to have facilities that they feel comfortable in , '' said Dr. White . `` The truth is , there have been gender neutral bathrooms at the malls , at universities , and at the center for the last 10 years . ''
Dr. White also hopes the new policy can be turned into a learning experience about equality .
`` Youth were often bullied in schools before because of diversity concerns and I think this is groundbreaking in the sense that , hopefully , more schools will follow , '' said White .
FOX6 spoke with some parents off-camera who say they feel their children are not ready to learn about issues that some may consider `` sensitive . ''
A Riverside County baby has died of highly contagious whooping cough , the first such death in California since 2010 , state health officials announced Friday .
The child was 2 months old and had been “ sick for some time , ” according to Barbara Cole , director of disease control at the Riverside County Department of Public Health .
The death was first announced by the California Department of Public Health , which warned that whooping cough epidemics peak every three to five years .
Young infants are at greatest risk for the highly contagious bacterial disease , also called pertussis , which is spread by coughing , state health officials said .
Deaths of young infants from pertussis can be prevented by pregnant women getting vaccinated during the third trimester of every pregnancy , according to the director of the California Department of Public Health , Dr. Ron Chapman .
“ This baby 's death is a tragedy for the family , and for California as a community , and this is a preventable disease , ” Chapman said in a news release . “ When pregnant women are vaccinated , the immunity they develop against pertussis is passed to their infants and helps protect infants until they are old enough to be vaccinated themselves . ”
The mother of the Riverside County infant had not been vaccinated during pregnancy , according to Cole .
During a pertussis epidemic in the state in 2010 , more than 9,100 cases and 10 deaths were reported . After dropping since then , case reports began increasing again in the middle of 2013 , the department stated .
Infant vaccinations start at 2 months of age but do n't adequately protect babies until they are about 6 months old , according to the department .
Whooping cough symptoms in children typically include a cough and runny nose for one to two weeks , with the cough worsening and sometimes ending in a “ whooping sound , ” the department stated . Younger infants may not have a cough but parents may notice their baby 's face turning red or purple .
More information about pertussis is at the CDPH website .
KTLA 's Jim Nash contributed to this article .
( Of course this is yet another one of those visual rhetoric posts . Can you not see all the pictures ? )
The title of the episode , “ The Collaborators , ” is so obviously meant to be evocative that it almost sinks beneath its own freight . The episode 's foremost “ collaboration ” occurs between Don Draper and their upstairs neighbor , Sylvia Rosen , who are acting out the transparent stratagems of Updike 's titular Couples ( 1968 ) . Though Updike 's novel covers the time addressed in earlier seasons , its particular combination of adultery and war is relevant here :
This pattern , of quarrel and reunion , of revulsion and surrender , was repeated three or four times that winter , while airplanes collided over Turkey , and coups transpired in Iraq and Togo [ . ] ( 161 )
Simply put , there 's something about having sex while the radio describes some new front in the Tet Offensive makes The Man in the Grey Flannel Suit feel more like The Spy Who Came in from the Cold . ( And we well know how accurate that novel is . ) Consider the first time Don and Sylvia play “ collaborators. ” The scene begins with a point-of-view shot from Don 's perspective as the elevator door opens on Sylvia and their husband , Dr. Arnold Rosen , arguing over money :
It 's significant that even though she 's shot in profile here , Don 's able to see their entire face . They can see more of them than they can of him ; they exist only in their peripheral vision , if at all , whereas they can observe them from two angles . He 's not spying on her , but they are paying attention to their private matter . When Dr. Rosen enters the elevator , they throw Don the most meaningful glance they can in the half-second that they have :
The director of this episode , some clown by the name of Jon Hamm , uses this medium close-up to great effect . Remember that close-ups are meant to suggest intimacy , whereas medium shots are designed to give some sense of body language . In terms of scale , this medium close-up provides intimate access to their face as they shoot Don a plea , while simultaneously allowing enough frame to depict the familiarity of Dr. Rosen 's body language . He 's distant from their ( emotionally ) but does n't know it ( physically ) ; she 's distant from Don ( physically ) but acutely feels it ( emotionally ) ; and Don 's somewhere back there on the elevator , but the camera 's not aligned with their perspective anymore so their feelings are absent from this shot . ( If it were their perspective , the eyeline match would n't be slightly frame-left . )
But not from the scene . This is the first example of the “ collaboration ” between the two , so it should come as no surprise that after Dr. Rosen enters the elevator , Don remembers he 's forgotten their cigarette :
The medium shot is perfunctory , because its main purpose is to capture Don 's exaggerated gesture . The fact that the gesture 's exaggerated is important , or would be if Dr. Rosen were paying attention . ( Which they seem not to be . ) But Don puts on a show just in case and zips back up the elevator :
To Dr. Rosen 's apartment , where Sylvia awaits . Whether they knew they were also playing this game at this point is unclear . That they wanted it to be one of the days they did goes without saying , but their attractiveness here is n't a function of being “ made up ” so much as being natural . Which reminds Don of something :
If you click you can see the subtle hint of a thinking zoom that makes the reverse from the shot above more significant . Instead of reversing back to the door as Don enters it , the audience is presented with another point-of-view shot from Don 's perspective :
Instead of entering Sylvia Rosen 's apartment to continue playing “ collaborations , ” the camera reverses into Don 's memory . Note how the same subtle zoom works in two different ways here : the first begins with a close-up and moves into a closer-up , and because the perspective belongs to the audience , it believes that it is “ getting inside Don 's head. ” And it is , as evidenced by the second zoom , which moves from a medium into a closer medium and is clearly from a perspective within the diegetic space :
Young Don 's . The subtle zoom here is a young boy staring at a prostitute into whose house their pregnant stepmother has brought him . There is a lot to untangle here , but the main point is the very subtle way in which the memory of young Don 's time in the bordello is coloring what 's about to happen between elder Don and Sylvia Rosen . Because remember what Sylvia and their husband were arguing about earlier ? In case you forgot , here 's how their encounter with elder Don ends :
They 're not playing “ collaborators ” anymore : the movement between their memory and the present moment makes it clear that , in Don 's mind , they 're playing “ prostitute. ” And they 're doing so while being informed of yet another U.S. setback in Vietnam because of the Tet Offensive , which itself followed on the heels of the Koreans taking the USS Pueblo . Death and violence are not visible on screen , but their presence is pervasive . As , for example , is the case with Peter and their game of “ collaboration , ” which begins innocently enough :
Combined , these two images strongly suggest that wives are about to swapped , but 1968 is not yet the 1970s in suburbia , so this should be nothing more than a dinner party . Which it seems to be until one of the wives stops by Pete Campbell 's apartment in the city :
Yet again , the woman is playing “ collaborator , ” and clearly enjoying their role in what they believe to be their affair . However , after sex , they try to talk to Pete about the covert operations they will undertake : cars parked near rather than next to mailboxes or on the street rather than in the driveway—the secret , sacred curb dances of suburban love . The reclining long shot of them as they snap on their special lingerie seems to indicate attraction , as this is a clearly attractive , nearly naked woman offering to play them part :
Pete looks at them and wishes they were a prostitute . So they just starts playing “ prostitute ” anyway . They walk up to them and invades their space , but instead of an intimate close-up of the sort that would be appropriate , given they 've just been intimate , Pete looks at her , gently touches their hair and says
That we ca n't see their face as they deliver this blow is n't a surprise . After all , only one person can play “ prostitute ” at a time . Sylvia and this woman are both forced into the role of playing prostitute by someone they considered their collaborator , but while the outcome of Don 's mid-course game-change is merely violence on the radio , the off-screen violence this woman suffers is more personal :
In terms of scale and angle , this shot nearly mirrors the one above it , in that both register the prolongation of a moment of pain in a medium close-up . The first pain , in the panel above this one , is psychological , in that she 's merely be made to feel like a whore ; the second pain is also psychological , in that they have lost both their first collaborator , their husband , and must run to their second lost collaborator , Pete . But the second pain is also physical , because their first collaborator beat the shit out of them But they did so off-screen , leaving Pete and Trudie to deal with the repercussions of violence .
And this is the key to the episode : the deaths and violence that happen off-screen are beginning to intrude into the lives of these characters . Such things have happened before on Mad Men , but they seem to be coming at an accelerated pace . Why ? Because the game is changing , as are the players , but the game 's not merely evolving from one into another , as it seemed previously ; now the rules of the game are being changed such that it 's the bottom of the third inning , the batter asks the umpire if they can take two free throws instead trying to hit that wicked curve again and is being given the go-ahead .
EPA message to the little people : If you like your river , you ca n't keep your river .
As President Obama spends the remainder of their presidency pardoning trangenders who disclosed vital security information , appointing fabulists to key positions , and releasing dangerous Gitmo detainees , people are beginning to mull over what we will remember most about this era .
I assert that the damage caused by the rogue bureaucracy within the Environmental Protection Agency will float to the top of legacy cesspool . So , while Democratic politicos grill Scott Pruitt , the candidate likely to head the EPA in the Trump administration , the agency has finished its misrule under Obama appropriately enough .
The EPA has pardoned itself from paying claims totaling more than $ 1.2 billion for economic damages from a mine waste spill the agency accidentally triggered in Colorado the summer of 2015 .
The EPA said the claims could be refiled in federal court , or Congress could authorize payments . But attorneys for the EPA and the Justice Department concluded the EPA is barred from paying the claims because of sovereign immunity , which prohibits most lawsuits against the government . “ The agency worked hard to find a way in which it could pay individuals for damages due to the incident , but unfortunately , our hands are tied , ” EPA spokesperson Nancy Grantham said .
The EPA is hiding behind the Federal Tort Claims Act , indicating that it prevents the agency from paying claims the result from “ discretionary ” government actions . Congress passed the law to allow government agencies to act “ without the fear of paying damages in the event something went wrong while taking the action , ” according to its press release .
However , many people are not buying into that reasoning . To begin with , representatives from the region impacted by the toxic wastewater release will pursue restitution .
Sens . Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich , New Mexico Democrats , and Rep. Ben Ray Luján ( D-N.M. ) issued a joint statement saying they would continue pushing for legislation to hold the EPA accountable . They also said it would be up to the courts to determine whether the EPA 's defense is legitimate . “ We are outraged at this last-ditch move by the federal government 's lawyers to go back on the EPA 's promise to the people of the state of New Mexico — and especially the Navajo Nation — that it would fully address this environmental disaster that still plagues the people of the Four Corners region , ” the statement reads .
The Colorado governor will not roll over , either .
Gov . John Hickenlooper released a statement , saying the state would continue to fight for residents . “ We are disappointed in the EPA 's decision . We expected the EPA to make good on its promise to reimburse any Colorado resident or business that suffered a legitimate loss as a result of the spill , ” they said in the statement . “ The Attorney General has agreed to help us find ways we can make sure our residents receive just compensation . ”
The Navajo Nation vows to continue its fight for compensation .
Navajo Nation officials say they are outraged the Environmental Protection Agency is refusing to pay millions of dollars in claims filed against it following the devastating Colorado Gold Mine spill . … “ The Navajo Nation call upon our Congressional leaders from the states of Utah , New Mexico , and Arizona to do what is right for our people by demanding that the U.S. EPA reconsider its decision and that the U.S. EPA provide full compensation to the many Navajo people who sustained extensive losses due to the spill that was caused by the agency , ” Navajo Nation speaker Lorenzo Bates said last Saturday .
I sure hope Pruitt brings up this debacle during their grilling hearing , as I would like the Democrats on the committee to understand prevention pollution is the mission of the EPA ( and not imposing global warming theology ) .
I would like to humbly offer this piece of advice to President-Elect Donald Trump : Direct Pruitt to go on an apology tour of the region , and personally hand out checks to the people of New Mexico and Colorado hurt by the EPA 's shenanigans . Then tweet about it . This will surely help ensure Trump 's victory next time in these two states , which went for Hillary Clinton last November .
I offer this as the perfect slogan for this area in 2020 : If you like your river , you can keep your river .
I would always recommend traveling with some kind of device onto which you can download or stream new music . The sheer number of new people you meet in a day when backpacking means you are bound to find someone with similar taste as you , and a whole new library of tunes . When you are on one of those seven hour bus or train rides , make sure you are familiarizing yourself with the bands you are going to see , so that you can get the most out of their set ( singalong , anyone ? ) . Remember to do some research into the unknown bands who will be there as well , and listen to some of their latest stuff to get an idea of whether you want to catch their set . Some festivals will have their own Spotify playlist that you can stream or download - this is a great way to get into the mood of the festival .
Step 5 : make a schedule .
Compare notes with the people you are traveling with , or meeting there , and decide on which acts you want to see together , and which acts you might check out on your own . Download the lineup when it comes out , and the official timetable a few days before , and get an idea of where you want to be for each day . Remember , you will stumble upon some unbelievably cool acts out of the blue , and end up staying for their whole set , and alternatively , you might only stay for one song by your favorite band . It 's also possible that you will get so excited about the festival that you pre-game a little too enthusiastically , and miss an entire day of music ( this totally did n't happen to me by the way ) . Be informed , but be flexible .
If all this sounds too complicated ....
We totally understand that when you are traveling , there are sometimes more moving parts than you can keep track of whilst retaining your sanity , and its easier just to stick to hostels and pub crawls where you do n't actually have to organize anything ( been there , it 's much less stressful ) . Luckily , there are people who are willing to drag your happy ass out of the dorm room and onto the road , and make sure you get the most out of your festival season . The folks at Stoke Travel , a Barcelona based company run by Australians , offer personalized , flexible festival and surfing tours , with as many stops as you can handle , cheap and free booze , transport , food , walking tours , tents , and a great party attitude ! Check out their promo video from last year 's festival season in Europe :
Baywatch Movie Back On Track With Script From Rescue Me Creator ? By Sean O'Connell Random Article Blend Baywatch movie , if a Baywatch movie absolutely had to be done , was probably 1989-91 , when the red-suited lifeguards were in their prime and audiences camped out in front of television sets to see Pamela Anderson , David Hasselhoff and Yasmine Bleeth running . In slow motion . For hours .
Twenty years later , Hollywood is still trying to mount a proper Baywatch feature , and writer Peter Tolan may be the one riding to the franchise 's rescue . Now that their time on Denis Leary 's firefighter drama Rescue Me has drawn to a close ( the show had its series finale earlier this month ) , Tolan tells the Baywatch script in to Paramount .
Oddly enough , Tolan says their script has very little to do with the original TV show , which they did not watch in preparation for writing the treatment . They said the tone of the script they wrote is closest to Ivan Reitman 's Stripes , and that there are parts written into the screenplay for Hasselhoff and Anderson , though they would not be playing the characters they played in the show .
That 's a headscratcher . With so many changes , why call it Baywatch at all ? Is the brand recognition that strong that you would n't just launch another lifeguard-themed project and hope it could stand on its own ? Then again , reboots of TV shows have fared well , but primarily when they 've held at least a tiny connection to the source material . As for Anderson , they have said repeatedly that she 's The time to do amovie , if amovie absolutely had to be done , was probably 1989-91 , when the red-suited lifeguards were in their prime and audiences camped out in front of television sets to see Pamela Anderson , David Hasselhoff and Yasmine Bleeth running . In slow motion . For hours.Twenty years later , Hollywood is still trying to mount a properfeature , and writer Peter Tolan may be the one riding to the franchise 's rescue . Now that their time on Denis Leary 's firefighter dramahas drawn to a close ( the show had its series finale earlier this month ) , Tolan tells the Matthew Aaron Show podcast ( via JoBlo ) that they recently turned ascript in to Paramount.Oddly enough , Tolan says their script has very little to do with the original TV show , which they did not watch in preparation for writing the treatment . They said the tone of the script they wrote is closest to Ivan Reitman 's , and that there are parts written into the screenplay for Hasselhoff and Anderson , though they would not be playing the characters they played in the show.That 's a headscratcher . With so many changes , why call itat all ? Is the brand recognition that strong that you would n't just launch another lifeguard-themed project and hope it could stand on its own ? Then again , reboots of TV shows have fared well , but primarily when they 've held at least a tiny connection to the source material . As for Anderson , they have said repeatedly that she 's against a Baywatch movie . But if you promise Hasselhoff a hamburger , some camera time , and the chance to record the film 's theme song , I 'm sure he 's in . Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
SIMI VALLEY , Calif. — Sen. Rand Paul introduced themselves to Silicon Valley 's richest technology giants , met with top-tier members of the Republican intellectual establishment , addressed 1,000 invited guests at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library and Sunday wound up a seven-day trip to California by winning warm reviews for their sermons at three evangelical church services .
Judging by comments from the people they met here , the first-year student senator from Kentucky accomplished their goals of reassuring the skeptical and the curious but uncommitted that they would make an acceptable — some said “ ideal ” — presidential standard-bearer for the GOP in 2016 .
Many had known Mr. Paul only as what the press called a “ darling of the tea party ” and a rigid libertarian like their father , former Rep. Ron Paul , Texas Republican .
After meeting the senator , however , they generally pronounced them to be a man of religious faith , constitutional commitment , traditional social views and practical foreign policy prescriptions — in effect , their kind of guy , many said afterward .
“ All they had to do was show these folks they do n't have two heads and to let their brilliance come through , ” said Hoover Institution resident scholar Jeremy Carl . “ He did that . ”
Among their primary themes in California was their argument that the U.S. getting involved in Syria 's conflict would be as foolhardy as the country 's recent experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan . Mr. Paul said they were for a strong military for national defense , and noted that President Reagan had preached “ peace through strength , not war through strength . ”
Repeatedly defining themselves as a “ conservative libertarian , ” the senator said that the American republic could not survive unless its citizens and the culture in general were guided by a moral compass .
Varied agenda
With their wife , Kelley , a deacon in the family 's Presbyterian church in Bowling Green , Ky. , and one of their three sons accompanying him , Mr. Paul started out last week in Northern California , where they sat down with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , visited the executives at Google and eBay , attended a few $ 1,000-a-plate Silicon Valley fundraisers , and talked privately with 20 scholars at the Hoover Institute on the campus of Stanford University .
Next they headed to Southern California , where they addressed the large gathering at the Reagan Library , attended a dinner with major donors and received a warm welcome from born-again Christians at three services at the Godspeak Calvary Chapel on Sunday .
“ He struck me as mindful of their faith — at times sounded like a born-again , ” said Aaron White , 31 , an attorney who heard Mr. Paul speak at the 8 a.m. service .
Sam Sorbo , a radio talk-show host , said they found no surprises in Mr. Paul 's talk at the 9:30 a.m. service .
“ After I saw them on television doing that filibuster against our government 's drone killing of American citizens , I expected to see and hear a man of undying convictions and that 's what I got , ” they said . “ I had heard they are a faithful Christian , and that 's what I saw . ”
Mr. White said they saw no conflict between their own evangelical faith and Mr. Paul 's socially conservative brand of Republican libertarianism .
“ I like that they talked about countries that persecute Christians and how we should stop giving those countries foreign aid , ” said Mr. White , a Pepperdine University law graduate who earlier had attended Hillsdale College , a conservative school they said had many libertarians , “ many of them very religious , others ambivalent about religion . ”
Winning the West
Mr. Paul , like Godspeak Calvary Chapel senior pastor Rob McCoy , who introduced them to the members , was gently humorous in making their points about the importance of Christian values in a free society .
In the biggest , bluest state of all — California has n't bestowed its 55 Electoral College votes on a Republican in 25 years , and Democrats dominate every branch of the state government — Mr. Paul called the state winnable in 2016 only if Republicans get serious about welcoming new members into their ranks .
“ The Republican Party is losing the West Coast — all of it , completely , every time now . We 're losing all of New England , every time . We ca n't win Illinois , so I think we do need people talking about how the party has to change to become a bigger , more inclusive party , ” the senator said .
They added that some Californians might be drawn to their brand of libertarian politics even though they may be more conservative than they are on social issues .
“ I think the party can be big enough to allow people who do n't all agree on every issue , ” they told the Reagan Library audience .
They talked often in California about “ politics being downstream from culture . ”
Mr. Paul said people often think “ Democrats are cooler than Republicans , who need to do better with the taste-maker class — to begin to change the broader culture . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
The James Beard Foundation announced the semifinalists for the 2016 James Beard Awards — think the Oscars of the food world — Wednesday morning , chosen from a list of more than 20,000 online entries .
The number of semifinalists from Chicago is robust , including a contender for a newer category ( introduced in 2015 ) , Outstanding Baker .
See who made it below . Finalists will be announced March 15 and the awards gala will be May 2 — in Chicago for the second year in a row .
Best New Restaurant
The Blanchard
Intro
Outstanding Baker
Dave and Megan Miller ( Baker Miller )
Outstanding Bar Program
Lost Lake
Outstanding Chef
Tony Mantuano ( Spiaggia )
Carrie Nahabedian ( Naha )
Outstanding Pastry Chef
Meg Galus ( Boka )
Outstanding Restaurant
Alinea
Outstanding Restaurateur
Kevin Boehm and Rob Katz ( Boka Group )
Outstanding Service
North Pond
Topolobampo
Outstanding Wine Program
Sepia
Outstanding Wine , Spirits or Beer Professional
Charles Joly ( Crafthouse )
Rising Star Chef of the Year
Tanya Baker ( Boarding House )
Edward Sura ( Perennial Virant )
Jenner Tomaska ( Next )
Best Chef ( Great Lakes )
Jake Bickelhaupt ( 42 Grams )
Abraham Conlon ( Fat Rice )
Curtis Duffy ( Grace )
Paul Fehribach ( Big Jones )
Phillip Foss ( EL Ideas )
Beverly Kim and Johnny Clark ( Parachute )
Ryan McCaskey ( Acadia )
Iliana Regan ( Elizabeth )
Lee Wolen ( Boka )
Erling Wu-Bower ( Nico Osteria )
Andrew Zimmerman ( Sepia )
For the complete list of semifinalists , visit www.jamesbeard.org/awards
mconrad @ tribpub.com
Twitter @ marissa_conrad
While the rest of the world prepares to implement the Paris Agreement , the shipping industry puts off climate action plans for another seven years — and begins to collect emissions data .
By Kate Wheeling
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
The world 's biggest container ship , the Maersk MC-Kinney Moller , arrives at the port of Rotterdam in the Netherlands . ( Photo : Jerry Lampen/AFP/Getty Images )
The environmental committee of the United Nation 's International Maritime Organization met in London last week to discuss how to ensure that the industry is taking on its fair share of climate change action . The IMO called the agreement that came out of the meeting an “ important milestone on the road to controlling greenhouse gas emissions , ” while critics called it a “ lackluster outcome ” and even an “ abject failure. ” Any agreement between the IMO 's 170 member states is a political achievement worth celebrating , but it 's also a reminder that , in order to get everyone to sign , you sometimes have to settle for painfully slow progress .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
The IMO 's plans to reduce the sulfur content of ship fuels to 0.5 percent or less on the global oceans will go into effect in 2020 as expected . But when it comes to reducing other , more direct greenhouse gases , what the IMO agreed to last Friday is merely a “ roadmap , ” to use the organization 's phrase — a plantodevelopastrategy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from ships , to be adopted in 2023 , but no actual targets yet .
In the meantime , large ships will begin collecting data on fuel use , which the IMO says will provide a quantitative basis for any future policies . The earliest an initial strategy could be adopted would be 2018 .
The IMO knows that emissions regulations are necessary , but the agency claims that more data is necessary to determine just how strict those regulations need to be .
Environmental non-governmental organizations such as Transport & Environment have urged the European Union to include emissions cuts from the shipping sector into its own emissions-reduction targets by setting up an emissions trading system . But , according to Simon Bennett , the director of policy at the International Chamber of Shipping , regional actions will only complicate efforts to regulate carbon dioxide on a global scale — a problem the ICS has called “ a global challenge which can only be solved meaningfully by global agreement . ”
But it 's not as though the industry will be doing business as usual over the next seven years . Despite the lack of an official IMO policy for greenhouse gas emissions , the industry has been trying to use less fuel , and thus creating less carbon dioxide emissions , for several years — even as the price of oil , and thus marine fuels , has dropped .
The reason falling fuel prices have had so little impact on shipping behavior is because the cost of fuel is still incredibly high — roughly three times what it was back in 2000 , according to Bennett . Reducing fuel consumption is a matter of self-interest . “ Shipping is a very competitive market , ” Bennett says . “ Profitability is determined more by your ability to minimize costs… . If the main thing you 're able to make a profit from is the ability to reduce your costs , the priority of every shipping company is to get those fuel costs down . ”
For the last several years , shipping companies have mainly used operational measures — like sailing slower , also known as slow steaming — to reduce fuel consumption by 10 percent between 2007 and 2012 , even as the number of ships on the ocean grew .
When ships are forced to switch to low sulfur fuels in 2020 , the cost of fuel could double overnight , according to Bennett . The good news is those price hikes are unlikely to be passed down to consumers ; given the overcapacity of the industry , freight rates are likely to remain low . ( And even when they are high it costs less than a dollar to ship a television from China to the United States . )
How the industry will meet this new regulation , without breaking the bank , is still being sorted out . Ships can be outfitted with scrubbers , which strip exhaust of sulfur but create a pollutant residue that has to be disposed of . “ It 's an environmental impact conundrum , ” Bennett explains . “ You 're trying to improve the environment by reducing emissions in the air , and then you 've got to balance that between the emissions that are caused somewhere else. ” Such trade-offs are not unusual . The refining process to create low-sulfur fuels , for example , produces more carbon dioxide .
Liquid natural gas ( LNG ) , which emits less carbon dioxide when it burns and virtually no sulfur , is another promising option to meet the new regulation — depending on how much it costs and how many tanks of LNG cut into a ship 's storage capacity .
Policymakers must keep all of these tradeoffs in mind as they determine the best strategies for the industry , economies , and the environment . The IMO knows that emissions regulations are necessary , but the agency claims that more data is necessary to determine just how strict those regulations need to be .
“ There are so many moving parts , ” Bennett says , “ no one knows exactly where we 're going , but we 're definitely going toward cleaner fuels . ”
What is Catalyst ?
Catalyst is an open-source Perl MVC web framework that encourages rapid development and clean design without getting in your way by forcing rules .
We tend to keep things small and simple . This gives us robustness and scalability - your Catalyst-based app also inherits those . No complicated object hierarchies .
Why reinvent the wheel ? When you write your app with Catalyst , you do n't have to care much about session handling or authorization . You just use it . CPAN has a vast amount of power , which we bring to you . If you do n't like something in default setup , why not replace it ? There Is More Than One Way To Do It . You can choose from a wealth of available models and views , drop in a bunch of plugins and create the setup that fits you best .
Many high-profile sites like the BBC iPlayer , 123people , magazines.com and urbia.de are already using Catalyst . Check out some other sites which are using Catalyst .
FORT McMURRAY , Alberta — At a camp for oil workers here , a collection of 16 three-story buildings that once housed 2,000 workers sits empty . A parking lot at a neighboring camp is now dotted with abandoned cars . With oil prices falling precipitously , capital-intensive projects rooted in the heavy crude mined from Alberta 's oil sands are losing money , contributing to the loss of about 35,000 energy industry jobs across the province .
Yet Alberta Highway 63 , the major artery connecting Northern Alberta 's oil sands with the rest of the country , still buzzes with traffic . Tractor-trailers hauling loads that resemble rolling petrochemical plants parade past fleets of buses used to shuttle workers . Most vehicles carry “ buggy whips ” — bright orange pennants attached to tall spring-loaded wands — to help prevent them from being run over by the 1.6-million-pound dump trucks used in the oil sands mines .
Despite a severe economic downturn in a region whose growth once seemed limitless , many energy companies have too much invested in the oil sands to slow down or turn off the taps . In addition to the continued operation of existing plants , construction persists on projects that began before the price fell , largely because billions of dollars have already been spent on them . Oil sands projects are based on 40-year investment time frames , so their owners are being forced to wait out slumps .
“ It really is tough right now , ” said Greg Stringham , the vice president for markets and oil sands at the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers , a trade group that generally speaks for the industry in Alberta . “ We see kind of a lot of volatility over the next four or five years . ”
Tory Lanez has a knack for reviving classics from the past . After flipping Brownstone 's “ If You Love Me ” for their own “ Say It ” and updating Tanto Metro & Devonte 's “ Everyone Falls in Love ” for “ Luv , ” he 's moved onto to mining throwback cartoons for inspiration .
The Toronto rapper/singer sampled the theme song from Disney 's early 2000s cartoon series The Proud Family for their new Chixtape 4 track “ Proud Family. ” They lift the opening verse of the original track—a Destiny 's Child and Solange collaboration—for the intro , and interpolates those same Solange lyrics on the hook :
You and me , we 'll always be tight
Family every single day and
And even when I start acting like a fool
Somehow I always could fall back on you
While Solange and Destiny 's Child sing about a 14-year-old fictional character Penny Proud and their family , Tory 's latest focuses on how pride can interfere with a romantic relationship .
Back in 2001 , Solange and Destiny 's Child released a video of themselves singing The Proud Family 's theme song .
Tory Lanez rang in 2017 with two new projects : Chixtape 4 and The New Toronto 2 . The former features guest appearances by Jacquees and Nyce , while the latter hosts A $ AP Ferg and Rick Ross .
You can read all of the lyrics to “ Proud Family ” right here on Genius .
A group of people who live near a Penticton beach that is popular with naturists have started a petition asking the city and police to ban nudity on the beach .
“ We feel if we do n't do something about it now it 's only going to get worse , ” said one Three Mile Beach neighbour , who did not wish to be named .
The petition was crafted by a small group of neighbours and began circulating this week . It calls for “ immediate action ” and a sign that reads “ No nudity allowed on 3 Mile Beach . ”
Families and the public are no longer able to enjoy the place
The neighbour said everyone living on Three Mile Road signed the petition , except for one man who is a nudist .
“ It 's a really huge concern in the community , ” the neighbour said . “ Families and the public are no longer able to enjoy the place because there 's a bunch of people sitting there with their pants off . ”
The fight for space on the beach began at the end of May , when the owners of a piece of property where nudists had been swimming and sunbathing for decades blocked off the area , saying the nudists were trespassing and scaring off prospective buyers .
Since then , the nudists have occupied an area of the public beach adjacent to the property , drawing the ire of some people who live nearby .
Dennis Roszell , who currently lives in Alberta but owns a home across from the beach , claimed the nudists are deliberately intimidating the public with their actions .
“ The nudists have actually perpetuated their blatant crimes to a point of terrorist activity and should be convicted of terrorism , ” they said in an email .
They said the beach has also become a meeting place for people seeking sexual encounters and there are ads posted online by people looking to hook up .
The petition states that clothed beach users have been forced to move to the dog beach and it 's “ highly offensive ” that people are exposing themselves to children and families .
“ Penticton and Naramata takes pride in its strong family values , ” the petition states .
Nude users of Three Mile Beach have had a petition running online since they were ejected from the private beach .
We 're about peace and relaxation and being with the environment
It asks the city and property owner to “ save and protect ” the clothing-optional beach area .
Almost 300 people have signed to date .
Dustin Wolchina , in an interview with The Province last month , said nudists have been harassed while using the beach . They said they simply want a place to be themselves .
“ We 're about peace and relaxation and being with the environment , and being part of the environment and community , ” they said .
The Honest Weight Food Co-Op is trying to discourage its employees from forming a union , using terms more commonly associated with corporate campaigns .
As some workers have begun circulating a petition to affiliate with the United Food and Commercial Workers union , the co-op 's board has sent employees multiple letters telling employees it 's not necessary . The letter repeats typical arguments against a union : that workers would surrender their right to represent themselves , that the union ca n't guarantee improvements and that a union would be “ an external third party ” who would take their money without being able to guarantee benefits .
Dan Morrissey , an employee in the produce department , said they are concerned to see the co-op using antiunion language usually reserved to corporations . The employees were sent two different letters opposing the effort .
“ We want to be able to talk freely about this in the workplace without retribution and without any kind of intimidation , ” they said . “ Both letters were very paternalistic . The message was ‘ We are so hurt . ' I do n't think staff appreciated that . A lot of people viewed it as anti-union propaganda , and that 's not very cooperative .
In a March 6 letter obtained by the Times Union , co-op leaders Lily Bartels , Duke Bouchard and Lexa Juhre wrote to workers to say they had a right to form a union but should n't . Reached at the store , Bartels said Monday they were going into a meeting . They asked for any questions to be emailed to them
In the letter , the three leaders said employees had a right to join a union but offered arguments against doing so .
“ Honest Weight will not coerce or retaliate against employees who sign a card , or join or assist a union , nor will it ‘ reward employees who oppose unionization , ” the leaders wrote . “ But we reserve our right to tell you some FACTS concerning unionization . ”
The letter goes on to say employees do n't have to sign a card authorizing the union .
“ If a union obtains a sufficient number of these cards , it is possible under present labor board rulings for the union to become your representative without giving you the opportunity to vote in a confidential election , ” the letter says , adding in boldfaced type : “ Your decision to sign or not sign a card may be your last opportunity to express your choice . ”
The letter says that Honest Weight is committed to treating employees with respect and offers pay and benefits equal to or better than competitors .
“ Regular employees enjoy all these benefits without having to engage an external third party , ” the letter says . “ Be aware that if the co-op becomes unionized , bargaining on your behalf will be conducted by a representative picked for you by the union , you will have forfeited the opportunity to represent yourself , and you will be bound by whatever terms have been negotiated . ”
The letter also argues that an employer is only required to bargain in good faith with a union , not agree to any of its “ demands . ”
The letter concludes : “ As much as you expect us to be fair with you , we hope that you will be fair with us . Before you make a decision , before you sign an authorization card , ask the union what it can do for you , what it will cost you in dues to have a union , and what they can guarantee will change for the better . ”
Morrissey said they like their job but believes a union would help .
“ I love the co-op , ” they said . “ I do n't want to see management spend the time and money to hurt something that will benefit the workers . ”
Read the letter here :
When Calgary city council decided to end water fluoridation in 2011 , one outcome was clear : The number of cavities in children was going to go up .
Five years later , we have the hard evidence that the perfectly predictable has indeed come to pass .
A study published in the journal Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology shows that Grade 2 students in Calgary had an average of 3.8 more cavities in 2013-14 than they did in 2004-05 . In Edmonton ( which continued to fluoridate its water ) , during the same time period , the number of dental caries ( or cavities ) increased by 2.1 , on average .
Story continues below advertisement
In other words , ending fluoridation is not the sole reason oral health has deteriorated , but it is a significant factor .
So , why did Calgary city councilors make a decision that has caused a lot of children unnecessary pain and that will cost their parents a good chunk of change in dental bills ?
They essentially bought into the unscientific rantings and overblown fears of a small but loud minority of self-centered chemophobes .
There are four principal arguments raised by opponents of fluoridation :
– Fluoride is a `` chemical '' that is poisoning people ;
– By putting fluoride in municipal water , people are being treated against their will ;
– Adding fluoride is a waste of tax dollars because you can get fluoride elsewhere ;
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
– There is a growing scientific `` controversy '' about the safety of fluoride .
None of these arguments hold any water ( fluoridated or otherwise ) , but let 's examine them anyhow .
Yes , fluoride is a poison – in the same way that salt is a poison . If you ingest too much of it , you can get sick and even die .
Toxicity depends on dose , and fluoride is added to water in minute quantities – about 0.7 parts per million . By comparison , toothpaste contains up to 1,500 parts per million of fluoride .
To get fluoride poisoning from tap water , you would have to drink a couple thousand litres of water without peeing – and if you did that , fluoride would be the least of your problems .
Adding fluoride to water is a cost-effective way of preventing one of the most common diseases on Earth – dental caries . People are being `` forced '' to ingest fluoride in the same way emission controls `` force '' them to breathe clean air .
Story continues below advertisement
The American Dental Association estimates that every $ 1 spent on fluoridation saves about $ 50 in the cost of dental treatment – a good return on investment .
It costs a little less than $ 1 a person to fluoridate municipal drinking water – about $ 750,000 in Calgary . Without question , the greatest beneficiaries are low-income children . Research shows that , for a variety of reasons – chief among them poor access to dental care and poor diets – these kids tend to have dismal oral health , including more cavities , that has life-long repercussions .
When it cut the fluoridation program , Calgary city council allocated the savings to an `` anti-cavity program '' aimed at poor children . About 3,000 kids were treated – an average cost of $ 250 per child – and only after they had cavities and were in pain .
The reason cavities are on the rise even in cities that do fluoridate water , like Edmonton , is that the number of families with dental insurance is falling , there are many new immigrants who have never had access to dental care or fluoridated water , and more people are drinking ( non-fluoridated ) bottled water .
The biggest myth is that there is growing `` controversy '' about fluoride . There is not . What there is is a trend by municipalities to reject fluoridation for non-scientific and conspiracy-driven reasons .
Today , fewer than 45 per cent of Canadians drink fluoridated water . In some provinces , like Quebec , fewer than 3 per cent of citizens has the benefits of fluoridation . ( And it 's not a coincidence that Quebec has the highest rate of dental caries . )
Story continues below advertisement
Alberta was once a leader , with 75 per cent of homes having access to fluoridated water but , in recent years , that number has plummeted by half .
When fluoridation was first introduced – about 60 years ago – the impact was immediate and dramatic . The public health measure reduced cavities by about 50 per cent . Today , the gap in dental caries between fluoridating and non-fluoridating communities is much less because of better access to dentists and the promotion of preventive measures such as brushing and flossing .
But the benefits of fluoridation still far outweigh the risks . Politicians – in Calgary and elsewhere – should grit their teeth and fluoridate , in the name of science and child health .
Tactical RPGs for Nintendo handhelds tend to be big winners for me . Final Fantasy Tactics , Advance Wars , Fire Emblem : Awakening — I do n't know what it is , but that genre in portable form just does it for me . So , when I saw Project X Zone , I figured I would have another fun time on my hands . Sadly , I was mistaken . It 's nice to look at , but the embarrassingly bad story/dialogue and complete lack of strategy could n't keep me playing for long .
TL ; DR : Annoyingly bad story , repetitive missions , and nearly zero strategy/skill required
Platform : 3DS
Score : 5.5/10
Hours Played : 8
What I Played : Through story mission 10
Recommended : If you know 75 % of the roster then maybe , but even then , probably not
In Project X Zone , characters from many different games are brought together to foil … some evil group . Honestly , the story line is so convoluted and full of backstabbings and ulterior motives that it 's hard to keep track of . A group of evil-doers has a plan that the good guys must solve . It 's supposed to be a tactical RPG , so the story does n't need to go much deeper than that .
One of the big draws in Project X Zone is the roster , which is huge . Characters come from games like Street Fighter ( Ryu/Ken/Chun Li ) , God Eater ( Soma/Alisa ) , Resident Evil ( Chris/Jill ) , .hack ( Kite/BlackRose ) , and Tekken ( Jin/Ling/Heihachi ) , just to name a few . The full roster can be found here , but suffice it to say that if you 've got a favorite character in a game by Namco Bandai , Capcom , or Sega , they probably found their way into PXZ . I did n't know most of the roster , but the in-game CrossPedia gives short bios on each character to try and get you up to speed .
PXZ plays out like many of the games I mentioned in my opening . Movement is tile based . Characters are paired up , usually by the game they come from , and attack as a team using their own signature moves , like Ryu 's Hadoken or Dante 's Million Stabs . Attacking builds cross points , or XP ( not to be confused with experience , or EXP , which you also gain ) . Once at 100 % , your XP bar can be spent on a special attack that shows a cut scene and deals heavy damage . Offense goes even further , though , with solo and support units . Some characters , like Tron Bonne and Arthur , are on their own instead of part of a pair unit . Solo units can be added to pairs and brought in to attack once per fight . If you initiate a fight within range of an ally , that pair of units can also be called in to support once per fight . Hitting with your initial unit and a solo/support unit will result in a Cross Hit , which can overdrive the XP bar to 150 % . With so many characters attacking and so many numbers flying around , fights begin to look like Marvel vs Capcom 2 .
The XP bar can also be used on defense and skills . When attacked , a unit can spend XP to either counter , reduce , or completely ignore all incoming damage . Each unit has various skills , like healing , increasing range/damage , or reducing the XP cost of defensive abilities . The only skills I ever needed to use in my ~8 hours of play were healing skills .
So , with such hectic action and a huge roster , why does Project X Zone fall short ? While games like Fire Emblem and Advance Wars bring strengths and weaknesses into the equation , PXZ only requires a minimal amount of skill or thought before attacking . There are no strengths or weaknesses , no certain characters who do more/less damage against others . Attacking is based on input combos that range from A , Left+A , Right+A , Up+A , and , you guessed it , Down+A . That 's the full range of possibilities . Timing an attack right before an enemy hits the ground will result in a critical for extra damage , but it 's far from necessary .
Most enemy units can be brought down with one or two attacks . Since there is no concept of strength/weakness , the only way to make stages harder are to throw progressively more and more enemies at you . I 'm only through mission 10 of 40 , but each one is already taking upwards of 30 minutes just to get through all the song-and-dance of mashing A and watching units attack each other . Boss units are more of an annoyance than anything else , often having 10x the HP of standard units , if not more , taking forever to whittle down .
Graphically , I have nothing bad to say about Project X Zone . I 've mentioned before how I think crisp 2D sprites work better than low-level 3D on handheld systems , and PXZ executes that to a T. Characters have that look of standing around and breathing while standing on the map , a nostalgic callback to the time many of these characters became famous . Attacks , while simple , are beautiful , flashy , and bright . Even when five fighters are attacking one enemy , there is absolutely no lag .
Stages are brutally repetitive . Every single one I 've played follows the exact same formula . The group fights some enemies for two to three turns before some new allies-to-be show up . The new allies are apprehensive at first , telling the current group to stand back and let them handle it . Someone will ask a question , “ oh my God is that [ INSERT NAME ] ? The famous [ INSERT DESCRIPTION ] ? ” , to which someone will say , “ it is ! From [ INSERT WORLD ] ! ” Eventually , they decide to worry about their possible differences later and join forces for now . Every . Single . Time . The poor story linking all these characters/worlds together leads to some truly eyebrow-raising dialogue , and a lot of it .
Project X Zone brings together some of the biggest names in famous franchises from Namco Bandai , Capcom , and Sega . Unfortunately , the game created by the sum of those characters is far less than it 's parts . Fighting boils down to button mashing , although it is definitely a pretty sight . If you truly enjoy a huge portion of the roster , Project X Zone may be for you . If you 're looking for a tactical RPG with , you know , tactical gameplay , then stay away .
Michael Flynn talked to Ambassador Kislyak during the transition period , and after insisting that U.S. sanctions against Russia did n't come up during their conversations , Flynn later said they
Maybe memory loss is contagious ? CNN had an interesting During their Senate confirmation hearing , Attorney General Jeff Sessions said they did not meet with any Russian officials during the 2016 campaign , despite two meetings they had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak . Asked about the purpose of the meetings , Sessions said last week they did n't fully remember Michael Flynn talked to Ambassador Kislyak during the transition period , and after insisting that U.S. sanctions against Russia did n't come up during their conversations , Flynn later said they did n't remember whether sanctions were part of the discussions or not.Maybe memory loss is contagious ? CNN had an interesting report late yesterday :
In an October speech to the Detroit Economic Club , Sergey Kislyak , the Russian ambassador to the United States , denied meeting with Donald Trump or campaign officials during the course of 2016 presidential election , but acknowledged that they met with members of Congress and others who approached them at events .
Kislyak spoke to the Detroit Economic Club on Oct. 27th of last year .
WATERLOO REGION — Take your pick for March weather in Waterloo Region and southern Ontario .
Cold weather is going to stick around in a stormy March until the ice clears from the Great Lakes and temperatures start climbing slowly toward normal later in April , according to the Weather Network .
Or , according to Environment Canada , expect normal temperatures by this weekend after one last punch of Arctic cold , then warmth taking root to welcome a springlike April and May .
`` It does look like March is going to continue a below-normal trend for temperatures , '' said meteorologist Dayna Vettese at the private weather service .
`` Basically , in Manitoba , into Ontario and Quebec and the Maritimes , everyone is in the same below-normal boat into March , then rebounding into April and May . ''
Tuesday 's blowing snow , sleet-turned freezing rain and occasional hail pellets did much to prop up the pessimists ' camp . Treacherous road conditions led to numerous fender-benders and other collisions throughout the region starting in the afternoon .
Blowing snow , freezing rain and hail forced several public organizations to scale back their evening operations Tuesday .
The Waterloo Region Catholic District School Board decided to halt all evening classes at its locations , including correspondence classes , English as a second language and personal support worker courses .
Youth events and classes at Wilmot Recreation Complex outside Baden were also cancelled due to inclement weather .
After the coldest February on record in Waterloo Region , it 's likely government meteorologist Peter Kimbell 's long-range forecast will be the more popular one .
NIH-Led Scientists Find Antibodies that Prevent Most HIV Strains from Infecting Human Cells
Discovery to Advance HIV Vaccine Design , Antibody Therapy for Other Diseases .
NIAID VRC
Scientists have discovered two potent human antibodies that can stop more than 90 percent of known global HIV strains from infecting human cells in the laboratory , and have demonstrated how one of these disease-fighting proteins accomplishes this feat . According to the scientists , these antibodies could be used to design improved HIV vaccines , or could be further developed to prevent or treat HIV infection . Moreover , the method used to find these antibodies could be applied to isolate therapeutic antibodies for other infectious diseases as well .
“ The discovery of these exceptionally broadly neutralizing antibodies to HIV and the structural analysis that explains how they work are exciting advances that will accelerate our efforts to find a preventive HIV vaccine for global use , ” says Anthony S. Fauci , M.D. , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID ) , National Institutes of Health . “ In addition , the technique the teams used to find the new antibodies represents a novel strategy that could be applied to vaccine design for many other infectious diseases . ”
Led by a team from the NIAID Vaccine Research Center ( VRC ) , the scientists found two naturally occurring , powerful antibodies called VRC01 and VRC02 in an HIV-infected individual 's blood . They found the antibodies using a novel molecular device they developed that homes in on the specific cells that make antibodies against HIV . The device is an HIV protein that the scientists modified so it would react only with antibodies specific to the site where the virus binds to cells it infects .
The scientists found that VRC01 and VRC02 neutralize more HIV strains with greater overall strength than previously known antibodies to the virus .
The researchers also determined the atomic-level structure of VRC01 when it is attaching to HIV . This has enabled the team to define how the antibody works and to precisely locate where it attaches to the virus . With this knowledge , they have begun to design components of a candidate vaccine that could teach the human immune system to make antibodies similar to VRC01 that might prevent infection by the vast majority of HIV strains worldwide .
NIAID scientists Peter D. Kwong , Ph.D. , John R. Mascola , M.D. , and Gary J. Nabel , M.D. , Ph.D. , led the two research teams . A pair of articles about these findings appears today in the online edition of Science .
`` We have used our knowledge of the structure of a virus — in this case , the outer surface of HIV — to refine molecular tools that pinpoint the vulnerable spot on the virus and guide us to antibodies that attach to this spot , blocking the virus from infecting cells , '' explains Dr. Nabel , the VRC director .
Finding individual antibodies that can neutralize HIV strains anywhere in the world has been difficult because the virus continuously changes its surface proteins to evade recognition by the immune system . As a consequence of these changes , an enormous number of HIV variants exist worldwide . Even so , scientists have identified a few areas on HIV 's surface that remain nearly constant across all variants . One such area , located on the surface spikes used by HIV to attach to immune system cells and infect them , is called the CD4 binding site . VRC01 and VRC02 block HIV infection by attaching to the CD4 binding site , preventing the virus from latching onto immune cells .
`` The antibodies attach to a virtually unchanging part of the virus , and this explains why they can neutralize such an extraordinary range of HIV strains , '' says Dr. Mascola , the deputy director of the VRC .
With these antibodies in hand , a team led by Dr. Kwong , chief of the structural biology section at the VRC , determined the atomic-level molecular structure of VRC01 when attached to the CD4 binding site . They then examined this structure in light of natural antibody development to ascertain the steps that would be needed to elicit a VRC01-like antibody through vaccination .
Antibody development begins with the mixing of genes into new combinations within the immune cells that make antibodies . Examination of the structure of VRC01 attached to HIV suggested that , from a genetic standpoint , the immune system likely could produce VRC01 precursors readily . The researchers also confirmed that VRC01 does not bind to human cells — a characteristic that might otherwise lead to its elimination during immune development , a natural mechanism the body employs to prevent autoimmune disease .
In the final stage of antibody development , antibody-producing B cells recognize specific parts of a pathogen and then mutate , or mature , so the antibody can bind to the pathogen more firmly . VRC01 precursors do not bind tightly to HIV , but rather mature extensively into more powerfully neutralizing forms . This extensive antibody maturation presents a challenge for vaccine design . In their paper , Dr. Kwong and colleagues explore how this challenge might be addressed by designing vaccine components that could guide the immune system through this stepwise maturation process and facilitate the generation of a VRC01-like antibody from its precursors . The scientists currently are performing research to identify these components .
`` The discoveries we have made may overcome the limitations that have long stymied antibody-based HIV vaccine design , '' says Dr. Kwong .
The two research teams included NIAID scientists from the VRC , the Laboratory of Immunoregulation , and the Division of Clinical Research , all in Bethesda , Md . ; as well as researchers from Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston ; Columbia University in New York ; Harvard Medical School and Harvard School of Public Health in Boston ; The Rockefeller University in New York City ; and University of Washington in Seattle .
NIAID conducts and supports research — at NIH , throughout the United States , and worldwide — to study the causes of infectious and immune-mediated diseases , and to develop better means of preventing , diagnosing and treating these illnesses . News releases , fact sheets and other NIAID-related materials are available on the NIAID Web site at http : //www.niaid.nih.gov .
About the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) : NIH , the nation 's medical research agency , includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic , clinical , and translational medical research , and is investigating the causes , treatments , and cures for both common and rare diseases . For more information about NIH and its programs , visit www.nih.gov .
NIH…Turning Discovery Into Health®
Pope Francis , greeting pilgrims gathered March 19 for their first Mass in St. Peter 's Square , kisses a disabled man on the forehead . ( Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images )
Pope Francis and the Reform of the Priesthood
COMMENTARY
FATHER ROGER LANDRY
If there were any doubt that Pope Francis was elected by the cardinals to lead the reform of the Vatican , they themselves implied as much when they joked with journalists on March 16 that various cardinals had suggested they take the name “ Adrian ” after Adrian VI , a Pope who aggressively reformed the Church 's central administration after the beginning of the Protestant Reformation .
But the reform that man proposes is often just a small part of the renewal God disposes .
When St. Francis of Assisi , for example , heard Jesus say to them from the St. Damian Crucifix , “ Rebuild my Church , ” they thought that the Lord was asking them to rehabilitate that tiny dilapidated Church , but God actually had a much larger reconstruction project in mind : reshaping the living stones of the Church as a whole .
Likewise , even though the cardinals seem to have elected Pope Francis to address much-discussed issues within the Vatican Curia , he , like their papal patron saint , may be God 's instrument to bring something much larger back into shape .
One of the most urgent reforms facing them is the restoration of the moral credibility of the hierarchy , and especially of the priesthood . The scandals of clerical sex abuse and tales of Vatican corruption have not only severely undermined the Church 's moral authority , but given the impression that living by the Church 's teachings forms freaks and moral monsters rather than saints .
In their first couple of weeks as Pope , as well as their 14 years in Buenos Aires , Francis has been charting out the trajectory of priestly reshaping . We can focus on seven aspects of this needed renewal .
The first is with regard to priestly simplicity .
Diocesan priests do not take a vow of poverty , but commit themselves to a simple lifestyle . In many places , this principle is given lip service , as members of the clergy drive fancy cars , frequent the finest restaurants and live in exquisite digs . Cardinal Bergoglio 's example of living in a small apartment rather than an episcopal palace , taking public transportation rather than a car with a driver and cooking for themselves can not help but lead priests to a sincere examination about the sincerity of their own spiritual poverty .
Second , throughout their time as archbishop , the future Pope spoke out forcefully against priests ' living a “ double-life. ” When they were asked in a 2010 book-length interview , El Jesuita , about the common saying in Argentina , “ I believe in God , but I do n't believe in priests , ” they replied , “ Many of us priests do not deserve to have them believe in us . ”
They want to change that , by calling , helping and requiring priests to live with genuine priestly integrity .
In Buenos Aires , if the priests found themselves in difficult circumstances , they would help them address their situation , even if it meant their deciding to leave the priesthood . What they absolutely would n't tolerate , however , was priests ' living incoherent lives , because they knew how much that harms and scandalizes God 's people .
This leads to the third aspect of their reform of the priesthood : bringing about priestly accountability .
Paying their pre-conclave bill at the priests ' residence personally immediately after their election was not just a nice gesture indicating a total absence of a sense of privilege , but it was a real sign that not even popes should consider themselves exempt from the demands of ordinary justice .
Fourth , they are likewise sketching out an authentic revision of the use of clerical power .
As they emphasized in the homily of their inaugural Mass , a priest 's authority must be linked to service , to the tender affection and protection given especially to the poorest , weakest , the least important and most easily forgotten . Like the Good Shepherd , the priest must seek to be the servant , not the lord , of the rest . This is the exact opposite of the haughty clericalism that in many places has hurt many and wounded the Church .
Fifth , they are calling priests to be men of profound mercy .
Whenever priests ask them for advice , they noted in El Jesuita , their answer is always , “ Be merciful. ” Their motto Miserando Atque Eligendo ( “ Chosen Through the Eyes of Mercy ” ) highlights that their own vocation was born in an experience of God 's mercy , when as a 16-year-old boy they went to confession on the feast of the St. Matthew , the great convert . Pope Francis ' reminder in their first Angelus address that God never tires of forgiving us is a clear call to priests never to tire in faithfully dispensing that mercy , sacramentally and extra-sacramentally .
Sixth , they are calling all priests to live out the real spirit of the liturgy .
After decades of enduring liturgical craziness , many Catholic priests were grateful for Pope Benedict 's leadership in the liturgical reform of the reform . Many focused , however , on the external reverential markers Benedict and their liturgical team established : Communion on the tongue to those kneeling , the crucifix and candles on the altar , the use of chant and the beautiful vestments .
Pope Francis will continue the reform , but will focus much more on the interior markers . They share with Pope Benedict a clear recognition that Jesus , not the priest , is the center of the liturgy and truly prays the Mass . They also share with Benedict a profound love for the thought of the great liturgist Romano Guardini , on whom Pope Francis wrote their dissertation .
Finally , Pope Francis wants to form priests to be real agents of the New Evangelization .
A perennial temptation for the clergy , they stressed in El Jesuita , is to be administrators rather than pastors . Priests need to “ go out to meet the people , ” especially the lost sheep ; the pastor who stays in their rectory , they declared , is not an “ authentic pastor . ”
They praised one priest for knowing their parishioners so well that they knew not only their names , but also their pets ' names . In an age in which so many priests , bishops and curial officials are enslaved by administrative tasks , Pope Francis is summoning them to reprioritize toward the Church 's evangelical mission .
Pope Francis knows that every true reform in Church history has begun with a reform of the clergy . And he 's already hard at work in seeking to bring it about .
Father Roger Landry is pastor of St. Bernadette Parish in Fall River , Massachusetts
and is national chaplain of Catholic Voices USA .
They provided commentary for EWTN during
the recent conclave that elected Pope Francis .
Members of Metro 's largest union made another statement Friday in opposition to the transit agency 's stance on sick leave , but this time had a doctor to help make its case .
Richard Binder , professor at the school medicine for Virginia Commonwealth University at the INOVA campus in Fairfax and Georgetown University , stood during a news conference outside the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 689 shop in northwest D.C. to represent the medical community .
They called Metro 's policy for workers to give advanced notification on being sick “ ludicrous . ”
“ If everybody knew they were going to be sick 72 hours before they got sick , then we could close all the emergency rooms around the country , ” they said . “ We 're threatening both the health of the membership of the union and the health of the riding population . ”
Metro workers in attendance , including Jerr Dantzler of Silver Spring , covered their faces with hospital masks , which they said they would need to wear to protect themselves and riders .
“ You never know when you are going to be sick , ” said Dantzler of Silver Spring . “ You have to make allowances for these types of things . That 's why it 's called sick leave . ”
Metro officials have a different view .
The agency implemented a revised absenteeism policy March 1 to reduce the number of employees taking off .
In February , an internal review showed more than 100 employees had extended leave beyond the time limits and another 100 employees were reviewed to determine proper disposition of their employee status .
One of the union 's main contentions with the policy is that employees are now required to provide a 72-hour notice to receive “ pre-approved sick leave . ”
Metro General Manager Paul Wiedefeld said Thursday workers can still call on the same day to inform a supervisor if they become ill . The policy states a person must report an absence “ no later than one hour before their scheduled report time . ”
Wiedefeld said the agency has a right to implement the policy , based on cost savings and attendance history .
The union contends it should 've been negotiated with the union , just like the previous policy .
Meanwhile , workers handed out small pieces of paper to passersby at the Friendship Heights Metro stations with a message reading , in part : “ My boss wants me to get my passengers sick . Tell [ Wiedefeld ] it is asinine to expect 72-hour notice for acute illness . ”
Late Thursday , federal regulators released a redacted 121-page inspection report of a Newark , California Theranos facility , which revealed that the company 's high-profile finger-prick blood tests failed quality control checks nearly 30 percent of the time .
Theranos and its CEO , Elizabeth Holmes , made waves last year with claims that they could carry out more than 200 medical tests with their Edison devices using just a few drops of blood from a finger prick—rather than a full vein draw taken by a needle . With promises that the cheap and easy finger-prick tests could revolutionize medical diagnostics , the company was valued at $ 9 billion .
However , since the initial buzz , the company has been hit with a series of questions , criticisms , and federal regulatory snags surrounding the accuracy and validity of its tests . In the latest setback , the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) released a redacted inspection report that seems to substantiate concerns and whistleblower reports of the Edison 's failings .
The report , reviewed in full by the Wall Street Journal , revealed that in early 2015 , Edison-based tests for a hormone related to testosterone levels failed quality-control checks 87 percent of the time . A test to help detect prostate cancer ( measuring prostate-specific antigen , PSA ) failed 22 percent of the time . In October 2014 , Edison-run tests for the hormone Prolactin failed 47 percent of the time .
Inspectors also noted that the quality control results were often erratic , test results were sometimes wildly different from results produced by standard lab devices , unqualified employees ran some tests , and the company failed to update doctors about quality control issues in a timely manner—in some cases taking seven weeks .
The performance of the Edison devices even failed internal standards set by the company . For instance , Theranos procedures state that the difference between an Edison 's measurement of vitamin D in a blood sample should be equal to or less than 20 percent different from the same blood sample 's vitamin D level measured by a traditional machine . But in the inspection , differences on nine randomly selected blood samples ranged from 21 percent to 130 percent .
“ This is the first time that we 've actually seen data from the Theranos instrument , and it 's as bad as one would have worried it would be , ” Stephen Master , a pathology professor at Weill Cornell Medical College told the WSJ . “ Based on this data , it 's hard for me to believe that they went live with this instrument and tested patient specimens on it . ”
In a statement on its website , Theranos spokesperson Brooke Buchanan wrote that the company has “ proactively ” suspended some testing and is working with the CMS to address all of the problems . “ We 've made mistakes in the past in the Newark , CA lab , but when the company was made aware of the deficiencies , we have dedicated every resource to remedy those failures , ” Buchanan wrote .
But the WSJ reports that the CMS is unsatisfied with the company 's plan and intends to impose sanctions that could range from fines to a retraction of the company 's approval to test human samples .
Ivanka Trump has n't ruled out running for office just yet .
During an interview for Cosmopolitan 's April issue , the 34-year-old said they are n't sure if politics are in their future though . ( RELATED : Ivanka Trump Opens Up About Donald : ‘ He 's A Formidable Negotiator ' )
“ I do not think so , but I have learned in life to never say never ! ” Trump said . “ It is too limiting ! ”
“ That said , I am wholly focused on the growth of my own company—my lifestyle brand and IvankaTrump.com , a digital destination for women who work—as well as working alongside my brothers to expand the global footprint of The Trump Organization . ”
Donald Trump has called their daughter a “ natural ” deal maker .
“ When you 're negotiating , think about the situation , the person , and yourself , ” Ivanka continued .
“ The best negotiators are secure with themselves . And never negotiate on e-mail . You need to hear the other person react in real time . The path of the least resistance is to shoot an e-mail. ” ( RELATED : Ivanka Trump : ‘ My Dad Is A Feminist ' )
WASHINGTON — For the first month in nearly two decades , the U.S. in October extracted more oil from the ground than it imported from abroad , marking an important milestone for a nation seeking to wean itself off foreign oil .
A promising sign for a still-slugging economy , the shift could foreshadow future opportunities to boost jobs in the U.S. , lower the trade deficit and insulate the economy from foreign crises that can send oil prices rising . But it also speaks to deeper , underlying changes in the way Americans use oil , as price-conscious consumers seek to limit what they pay at the pump .
Not since 1995 has the U.S produced more crude oil than it imported . For several years now , domestic production has been on the rise while net imports have been declining . But data released Wednesday by the Energy Information Administration , the statistical wing of the Energy Department , show the trend lines have finally crossed , with crude oil production topping 7.7 million barrels per day .
Obama administration officials said President Barack Obama 's efforts to boost fuel efficiency for cars have been a driving factor , helping to reduce U.S. demand for gas and , in turn , lessening the need to import foreign oil . Officials said requiring auto companies to make cars that run on less gas has gone a long way toward realizing Obama 's goal of curbing global warming . They also credited the president with promoting drilling on federal lands and offshore as part of their strategy to encourage more U.S. energy production .
“ Taken together , these factors not only reduce our dependence on foreign oil , but work to reduce overall carbon pollution in our communities , ” said White House spokesperson Jay Carney .
But on the production side , energy experts and the oil industry say the higher volumes of oil coming out of the ground come despite Obama 's policies , not because of them . They say Obama has made it harder , not easier , to produce oil on government land . After all , the U.S. still exports far less oil to other countries than it imports .
“ It 's a very positive sign — enormously positive , ” said Philip Verleger , an independent U.S. energy analyst . “ But energy policy has not been a help , it 's been a hindrance . ”
Although domestic oil production has been growing since Obama took office , most of the expanded production has been on private and state lands that the federal government does n't control . Oil analysts said high oil prices have made it lucrative for oil companies to invest in new wells , even as easy-to-drill areas become scarce and companies must resort to more expensive technologies to unearth oil in North Dakota and in deep-water wells in the Gulf of Mexico .
At the same time , the after-effects of the recession and high gas prices have left Americans looking for ways to cut costs — including by driving less and buying smaller cars . The resulting decline in consumption has meant the U.S. must buy less oil from the Middle East and elsewhere to meet its needs .
In the first month of their presidency , Obama started putting into effect fuel efficiency standards that their predecessor , President George W. Bush , had signed but declined to implement .
For other people named Friedrich Adler , see Friedrich Adler ( disambiguation )
Friedrich Adler , about 1917
Friedrich Wolfgang `` Fritz '' Adler ( 9 July 1879 – 2 January 1960 ) was an Austrian socialist politician and revolutionary . They are perhaps best known for their assassination of Minister-President Karl von Stürgkh in 1916 .
Biography [ edit ]
Early years [ edit ]
Friedrich Wolfgang Adler was born in Vienna , the son of politician Victor Adler ( 1852–1918 ) , founder of the Austrian Social Democratic Workers ' Party ( SDAP ) , and their wife Emma , née Braun ( 1858–1935 ) , sister of the German publisher Heinrich Braun . Following their father 's wishes , they studied chemistry , physics and mathematics at the ETH Zurich , where they became a close friend of Albert Einstein . [ 1 ]
Political career [ edit ]
They committed themselves to the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland and in 1897 joined the association of Austrian Social Democrats , working as a journalist . In 1910 , Adler became editor of the newspaper Volksrecht in Zurich . [ 2 ]
While still established at the ETH , Adler participated in the philosophical discussion about Ernst Mach , publishing Die Entdeckung der Weltelemente ( zu E. Machs 70 . Geburtstag ) - The Discovery of the World-Elements ( On the Occasion of E. Mach 's 70th Birthday ) published in Der Kampf in 1908 . [ 3 ] This was hostilely cited by Vladimir Lenin in Materialism and Empirio-criticism , who called Adler a `` naïve university lecturer '' . This was part of Lenin 's attack on the Russian Machists . [ 4 ] In 1909/10 they were being considered to chair the physics department , but deferred to Einstein 's superior expertise and lobbied for Einstein 's appointment instead . [ 1 ] [ 5 ]
Adler was engaged in the international trade union movement and in 1911 they finally gave up their scientific activities to become the secretary-general of the SDAP in Vienna , an office they held until 1914 . Together with the Austromarxist proponent Otto Bauer , they were editor of the magazine Der Kampf and became a spokesperson of the left wing of the party according to the ideas of the Second International . After the outbreak of World War I in 1914 , they agitated particularly against the SDAP 's policy of supporting the war .
Assassination of Stürgkh [ edit ]
In their fight against the war policy of Austria-Hungary , Adler resorted to drastic measures . On 21 October 1916 , in the dining room of the Viennese hotel Meissl & Schadn , they shot the Austrian minister-president Count Karl von Stürgkh three times with a pistol , killing him . The Social Democratic party organ Arbeiter-Zeitung called the assassination a `` strange and incomprehensible '' act , whereas left leaning German-language-newspapers outside the censorship of Germany and Austria , in neutral Switzerland , attributed their deed to an understandable matter of last resort against an anti-democratic tyrant , who had blocked successfully the Austrian parliament to convene since 1913 . [ 6 ] After a period when attempts were made to avoid a trial by declaring Adler insane , they were brought to court in May 1917 where they were able to publicly present the killing as a revolutionary action in the context of the case against the war [ 7 ] as well as against 'reformist ' Social Democrats like Karl Renner . Adler was sentenced to death , a sentence which was commuted by Emperor Charles I to 18 years imprisonment .
During the last days of the war , Emperor Charles had them released from custody . In the following dissolution of the Monarchy , Adler played a significant role as the leader of the Arbeiterräte ( workers ' councils ) and as a member of the National Council of Austria . Though courted by the Communist Party , Adler stayed loyal to the Social Democrats and disclosed revolutionary attempts by the Communist International . Upon the death of their father on 11 November 1918 , Friedrich Adler , together with their party fellows Otto Bauer and Julius Deutsch , paved the way for Karl Renner 's German-Austrian government .
Interwar period [ edit ]
While the SDAP presidency passed to pragmatic Karl Seitz , who led the party into a coalition government with the Christian Social Party , Adler served as secretary of the International Working Union of Socialist Parties in 1921 . They were subsequently active in the formation of the Labour and Socialist International , serving as secretary-general firstly jointly with Tom Shaw then on their own until 1940 , [ 8 ] witnessing the rise of Nazism .
The SDAP was already banned by the Dollfuss government upon the Austrian Civil War in 1934 . After the Austrian Anschluss to Nazi Germany in March 1938 , the functionaries around Otto Bauer and Joseph Buttinger moved to Brussels and later to Paris .
World War II [ edit ]
Upon the 1940 Battle of France , the party leadership fled to London , while Adler together with Buttinger emigrated to New York , US , where they established the Austrian Labor Committee in 1942 .
In the 1943 Moscow Declarations , the Allied called for the re-establishment of a free Austria after the victory over Nazi Germany . Adler , who rejected the `` reactionary '' ideas of an Austrian nation , gradually retired from politics .
Back in Europe from 1946 , Adler moved to Switzerland , where they edited their father Victor 's exchange of letters with August Bebel and Karl Kautsky . They returned to Vienna once , to celebrate their father 's centennial anniversary in 1952 and was received with full honours .
Death and legacy [ edit ]
On 2 January 1960 , Adler died in their home in Zurich , at the age of 80 .
Rachel Dolezal , former president of the Spokane , Wash. , chapter of the NAACP , rose to infamy in 2015 when it was discovered that they had been misrepresenting themselves as black even though they are , in fact , born to two white parents .
Dolezal as a youth and an adult . ( Photo credit : Family photo/Eastern Washington University ) More
The controversial figure went on Today to talk to host Savannah Guthrie about their new book , In Full Color : Finding My Place in a Black and White World , and to , surprisingly , double down on the statement that they identify as black . Despite facing backlash after the truth came out , Dolezal has consistently refused to apologize or back down from the assertion that black is the race they feel most closely represents them
Although Dolezal still seems to be going by their given name in public appearances for the time being , they recently had their name legally changed to Nkechi Amare Diallo .
Watch : Rachel Dolezal 's Full Interview on Today on Yahoo View
Read more on Yahoo TV :
Tell us what you think ! Hit us up on Twitter , Facebook , or Instagram , or leave your comments below .
More options : Share , Mark as favorite
Reuters
I borrowed that headline from the Huffington Post :
The Freedom Socialist Party has right-wing bloggers seeing red over a job listing that paid less than the group advocates for a minimum wage . Earlier this month , the nonprofit posted listings on Craigslist and Indeed to advertise an opening for a part-time web designer . It offered to pay $ 13 an hour or more , depending on the designer 's experience . That 's well below the $ 20 minimum wage the party pushes for in its platform , and lower than the $ 15 wage it helped pass this year in Seattle . Right-leaning sites promptly seized on what they saw as hypocrisy . But Doug Barnes , the party 's national secretary , told The Huffington Post on Saturday that the group relies heavily on donations from low-wage workers and could not afford to pay much to an inexperienced designer .
Now , I do n't think anyone — even socialists — is obligated to pay above the legal minimum . But the irony here is still delicious .
I wrote a column about Seattle 's decision back in June .
The Seattle City Council is very pleased with itself . Answering President Obama 's call to address what they have decided is “ the defining issue of our time ” – income inequality – the Council voted unanimously last week to raise Seattle 's minimum wage to $ 15 per hour . “ This is a victory for our movement , ” said council member Kshama Sawant , a socialist . “ Fifteen in Seattle is just the beginning . ”
For the sake of low-wage workers , I hope not .
I invoked Dr. Piketty :
The Council summoned the left 's hero du jour in its ordinance : “ Whereas , the noted economist Thomas Piketty wrote in their landmark book Capital in the 21st Century , the need to act on income inequality is profound. ” Like many who call upon Dr. Piketty , the council seems not to have read their book . Here is what Piketty says about the minimum wage : “ It seems likely that the increase in the minimum wage of nearly 25 percent ( from $ 7.25 to $ 9 an hour ) currently envisaged by the Obama administration will have little or no effect on the number of jobs . Obviously , raising the minimum wage can not continue indefinitely : as the minimum wage increases , the negative effects on the level of employment eventually win out . If the minimum wage were doubled or tripled , it would be surprising if the negative impact were not dominant . ”
You can read the whole column here .
Michael R. Strain is a resident scholar and economist at the American Enterprise Institute . You can follow them on Twitter at twitter.com/MichaelRStrain .
Is being feminine if you were born with a vagina inherently bad ? I 'm genderfreaky AND femme but I 'm not a `` woman '' and my femininity to me is really subversive . This blog is cool as I consider myself a radical feminist but I do n't know why femininity is seen in a negative light , it 's a huge part of life for a lot of people like me regardless of our genitalia .
If you call yourself “ genderfreaky ” and do n't understand why femininity is oppressive , then you are NOT a radical feminist . Please do n't call yourself one , as it is spreading misinformation to others about what radical feminism is . Radical feminists are gender abolitionists , anti-porn , anti-prostitution , kink-critical and trans-critical . I took a look at your blog , and you do n't seem to agree with any radical feminist opinions . “ Radical ” does n't mean “ extra super cool ” , it means getting to the root of the oppression against women , and we find that root in patriarchy . And do n't call yourself femme unless you 're a lesbian , it 's a lesbian term and not just short for “ feminine ” . Calling yourself femme when you 're not a lesbian is offensive .
Think of it like this : patriarchy is the metal ball , femininity is the chain , and it 's tied to a female woman . That 's how radical feminists view femininity . It 's not subversive , it 's designed solely to subjugate and oppress women . Femininity is n't just lipstick and frilly dresses , it is also female genital mutilation , being the target of male violations and violence and being seen as subhuman . It 's not a fun game you can play , it is forced on us since the day we were born and the only thing it does is keeping us in line so that men can keep on being the ruling class .
What makes you think you 're not a woman ? “ Woman ” means “ adult human female ” , so if you were born with XX chromosomes , have uteri and sex characteristics of an adult human female , you are a woman . That is what being a woman means .
- Pi
Uhm , gender is not compatible with radical feminism , we are against gender . Gender is a hierarchy/caste system used to subjugate women .
And what do you mean you are not a woman ? You are adult and female , that 's what it means to be a woman , it 's literally the definition .
Femme is a lesbian identity , please do n't use it unless you are lesbian .
I think you have misunderstood a huuuge part of radical feminism , sorry .
- Vixen
Before explaining I must state this is written with a servant 's heart . It is not my intention to debate the arguments or merit of legislation , only to point out the logical pathway if people hang tough , support President Trump and stay out of the traps laid by special interests ( and their special-interest paid troll army ) .
There 's a parallel , comparative and representative example of what President Trump 's smart policy team is trying to do with healthcare ; it lies within another set of economic policy objectives . However , it takes elevation in thinking to understand the approach .
The comparative example is within the banking and finance industry .
For those who have read all the statements , watched the hearings , listened intently to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross , you might have already noted their approach to working around the ridiculously burdensome Dodd Frank regulations within the banking and finance sector . – OUTLINED HERE –
Essentially , instead of trying to untangle all the complexities of decades long DC constructs enmeshing and enlarging the bureaucracy around banking , Trump 's team is constructing a parallel system . Cliff Noted for Brevity :
[ … ] The goal of a 21st Century “ Glass Steagall ” , ie . Commercial division -vs- Investment division , is created by generating an entirely new system of banks under different regulation . The currently remaining ten U.S. “ big banks ” operate as “ investment division banks ” per se ' , and the lesser regulated community banks/credit unions ( new ) , with under $ 10 billion in assets , operate as would be the “ Commercial Side ” . Instead of firewalling an individual bank internally within its organization , the Trump/Mnuchin plan looks to be firewalling the banking ‘ system ' within the U.S. internally . Hope that makes sense . ( read full outline )
Instead of trying to fix a mess of institutional bureaucracy , and nightmarish legislative complexity that might take years , Trump 's “ America-First ” economic empowerment financial mechanism works around the existing programs by leaving the existing burden of compliance upon the banking and financial entities that created the need for the bureaucracy in the first place ; and simultaneously eliminates smaller financial enterprises from those regulations .
As a consequence the lower tier , middle-class financial system , is unleashed and free to operate . This parallel , and much more efficient pathway , is the same approach Trump 's Healthcare Policy initiatives are taking toward the health insurance marketplace .
Stay with me… .
Like the financial system , there are too many complex special interests enmeshed within the construct of ObamaCare to generate any reasonable consensus on a one-size-fits-all rebuild . Right now there are legions of paid actors , paid interests , all trying to secure their own individual stake within the aggregate healthcare market .
Big Pharma , Big Labor ( unions ) , Big Corporations ( U.S. CoC ) and Big Ed ( finance and delivery ) all have stakes in ObamaCare . That 's a bazillion lobbying interests , representing massive institutional systems , containing trillions of dollars , all simultaneously dispatching their Big Gun Lawyer/Lobbyists to protect their financial position .
♦Unions do n't want health insurance back in/on their liabilities . ♦U.S . CoC Multinational Corporations ( Wall Street ) do n't want the liability of worker health insurance back on their ledgers . ♦Big Pharma does not want limits to how much they can charge ( profits ) and they want a small group of decision-makers they can purchase and influence . ♦Big Ed does n't want government to lose control over college education subsidies . etc . etc .
{ { { Yikes – Piranhas } } }
The initial goal of ObamaCare was manipulatively sold by controlling interests as a program to insure the uninsured , approximately 30 million people ( 2009 ) . However , that was a farce clearly visible in hindsight . The actual goal ( s ) were established by all of the asupervisorstioned interests .
Unfortunately , the ObamaCare scheme enmeshed , became self-actual , and weaponized itself -as predicted- against the ordinary middle class American . 150+ million people punished . Essentially , if you are not on medicare/medicaid , or eligible therein , you got screwed on the individual market scheme .
But that 's hindsight . Done is done . That horse has left the barn , rode out of town , and is long gone… . Previous healthcare insurance toothpaste is not only out of tube , but dried , encrusted and licked away by the horse that galloped by… Done is done .
So… understanding the system has self-actuated , Trump 's team has a new approach to reversing the damage to the individual healthcare market similar to the parallel track approach of the economic financial and banking market .
The medicare ( federal health insurance ) and medicaid ( state health insurance ) systems will remain the government safety nets for older and lower income populations . [ Medicaid income eligibility qualifications in a 0 to 30-50k range depending on dependents . ] This should have been the original approach all along ; to cover the uninsured by giving them access to medicaid and the entire mess could have been avoided . Alas , that was n't the intent of the takeover for all of the asupervisorstioned reasons .
Under Trump 's long-term ( 3 step ) approach – the non-government healthcare market , the majority of the population , will break free from almost all of the ObamaCare government regulations ; and the insurance market will be empowered to provide an insurance product that fits the individual needs of the person purchasing the insurance .
♦Dual System Approaches – Much like Secretary Mnuchin is proposing leaving government ( via Dodd-Frank ) attached to the “ too-big-to-fail ” group of banks and cutting all else loose from the regulations , so too is Secretary Price proposing to leave government attached to the “ at risk population ” ( Medicare and Medicaid ) , the group 99 % of all political talking points are structured around , and cut everyone else loose from the regulations .
•Step # 1 establishes the ability ( decouples ObamaCare ) . •Step # 2 allows HHS to frame the parallel system ( deregulation ) . •Step # 3 establishes the broader parameters for the non-government health insurance market .
The House passed their Step 1 version . The current Senate bill is their side of Step 1 .
It 's challenging to see the sunlight at the end of this complex tunnel , but it 's there .
Advertisements
This chapter describes the JavaServer Faces lifecycle in detail , including discussions of partial processing and partial rendering , the lifecycle of a Facelets application , and the user interface component model .

The Java EE 6 Tutorial : Basic Concepts introduces JavaServer Faces technology and Facelets , the preferred presentation layer for the Java EE platform . This chapter and the following chapters introduce advanced concepts in this area .
This chapter describes the JavaServer Faces lifecycle in detail . Some of the complex JavaServer Faces applications use the well-defined lifecycle phases to customize application behavior .
Chapter 4 , “ Using Ajax with JavaServer Faces Technology , ” introduces Ajax concepts and the use of Ajax in JavaServer Faces applications .
Chapter 5 , “ Composite Components : Advanced Topics and Example , ” introduces advanced features of composite components .
Chapter 6 , “ Creating Custom UI Components and Other Custom Objects , ” describes the process of creating new components , renderers , converters , listeners , and validators from scratch .
Chapter 7 , “ Configuring JavaServer Faces Applications , ” introduces the process of creating and deploying JavaServer Faces applications , the use of various configuration files , and the deployment structure .
The following topics are addressed here :
“ The Lifecycle of a JavaServer Faces Application ” on page 50
“ Partial Processing and Partial Rendering ” on page 56
“ The Lifecycle of a Facelets Application ” on page 56
“ User Interface Component Model ” on page 57
The Lifecycle of a JavaServer Faces Application
The lifecycle of an application refers to the various stages of processing of that application , from its initiation to its conclusion . All applications have lifecycles . During a web application lifecycle , common tasks such as the following are performed :
Handling incoming requests
Decoding parameters
Modifying and saving state
Rendering web pages to the browser
The JavaServer Faces web application framework manages lifecycle phases automatically for simple applications or allows you to manage them manually for more complex applications as required .
JavaServer Faces applications that use advanced features may require interaction with the lifecycle at certain phases . For example , Ajax applications use partial processing features of the lifecycle . A clearer understanding of the lifecycle phases is key to creating well-designed components .
A simplified view of the JavaServer faces lifecycle , consisting of the two main phases of a JavaServer Faces web application , is introduced in “ The Lifecycle of the hello Application ” in The Java EE 6 Tutorial : Basic Concepts . This section examines the JavaServer Faces lifecycle in more detail .
Overview of the JavaServer Faces Lifecycle
The lifecycle of a JavaServer Faces application begins when the client makes an HTTP request for a page and ends when the server responds with the page , translated to HTML .
The lifecycle can be divided into two main phases , execute and render . To execute phase is further divided into subphases to support the sophisticated component tree . This structure requires that component data be converted and validated , component events be handled , and component data be propagated to beans in an orderly fashion .
A JavaServer Faces page is represented by a tree of components , called a view . During the lifecycle , the JavaServer Faces implementation must build the view while considering the state saved from a previous submission of the page . When the client requests a page , the JavaServer Faces implementation performs several tasks , such as validating the data input of components in the view and converting input data to types specified on the server side .
The JavaServer Faces implementation performs all these tasks as a series of steps in the JavaServer Faces request-response lifecycle . Figure 3–1 illustrates these steps .
Figure 3-1 . JavaServer Faces Standard Request-Response Lifecycle
The request-response lifecycle handles two kinds of requests : initial requests and postbacks . An initial request occurs when a user makes a request for a page for the first time . A postback request occurs when a user submits the form contained on a page that was previously loaded into the browser as a result of executing an initial request .
When the lifecycle handles an initial request , it executes only the Restore View and Render Response phases , because there is no user input or action to process . Conversely , when the lifecycle handles a postback , it executes all of the phases .
Usually , the first request for a JavaServer Faces page comes in from a client , as a result of clicking a link or button component on a JavaServer Faces page . To render a response that is another JavaServer Faces page , the application creates a new view and stores it in the javax.faces.context.FacesContext instance , which represents all of the information associated with processing an incoming request and creating a response . The application then acquires object references needed by the view and calls the FacesContext.renderResponse method , which forces immediate rendering of the view by skipping to the Render Response phase of the lifecycle , as is shown by the arrows labelled Render Response in the diagram .
Sometimes , an application might need to redirect to a different web application resource , such as a web service , or generate a response that does not contain JavaServer Faces components . In these situations , the developer must skip the Render Response phase by calling the FacesContext.responseComplete method . This situation is also shown in the diagram , with the arrows labelled Response Complete .
The most common situation is that a JavaServer Faces component submits a request for another JavaServer Faces page . In this case , the JavaServer Faces implementation handles the request and automatically goes through the phases in the lifecycle to perform any necessary conversions , validations , and model updates , and to generate the response .
There is one exception to the lifecycle described in this section . When a component 's immediate attribute is set to true , the validation , conversion , and events associated with these components are processed during the Apply Request Values phase rather than in a later phase .
The details of the lifecycle explained in the following sections are primarily intended for developers who need to know information such as when validations , conversions , and events are usually handled and ways to change how and when they are handled . For more information on each of the lifecycle phases , download the latest JavaServer Faces Specification documentation from http : //jcp.org/en/jsr/detail ? id=314 .
The JavaServer Faces application lifecycle execute phase contains the following subphases :
“ Restore View Phase ” on page 53
“ Apply Request Values Phase ” on page 53
“ Process Validations Phase ” on page 54
“ Update Model Values Phase ” on page 55
“ Invoke Application Phase ” on page 55
“ Render Response Phase ” on page 55
Restore View Phase
When a request for a JavaServer Faces page is made , usually by an action such as when a link or a button component is clicked , the JavaServer Faces implementation begins the Restore View phase .
During this phase , the JavaServer Faces implementation builds the view of the page , wires event handlers and validators to components in the view , and saves the view in the FacesContext instance , which contains all the information needed to process a single request . All the application 's components , event handlers , converters , and validators have access to the FacesContext instance .
If the request for the page is an initial request , the JavaServer Faces implementation creates an empty view during this phase and the lifecycle advances to the Render Response phase , during which the empty view is populated with the components referenced by the tags in the page .
If the request for the page is a postback , a view corresponding to this page already exists in the FacesContext instance . During this phase , the JavaServer Faces implementation restores the view by using the state information saved on the client or the server .
Apply Request Values Phase
After the component tree is restored during a postback request , each component in the tree extracts its new value from the request parameters by using its decode ( processDecodes ( ) ) method . The value is then stored locally on each component .
If any decode methods or event listeners have called the renderResponse method on the current FacesContext instance , the JavaServer Faces implementation skips to the Render Response phase .
If any events have been queued during this phase , the JavaServer Faces implementation broadcasts the events to interested listeners .
If some components on the page have their immediate attributes ( see “ The immediate Attribute ” in The Java EE 6 Tutorial : Basic Concepts ) set to true , then the validations , conversions , and events associated with these components will be processed during this phase . If any conversion fails , an error message associated with the component is generated and queued on FacesContext . This message will be displayed during the Render Response phase , along with any validation errors resulting from the Process Validations phase .
At this point , if the application needs to redirect to a different web application resource or generate a response that does not contain any JavaServer Faces components , it can call the FacesContext.responseComplete method .
At the end of this phase , the components are set to their new values , and messages and events have been queued .
If the current request is identified as a partial request , the partial context is retrieved from the FacesContext , and the partial processing method is applied .
Process Validations Phase
During this phase , the JavaServer Faces implementation processes all validators registered on the components in the tree , by using its validate ( processValidators ) method . It examines the component attributes that specify the rules for the validation and compares these rules to the local value stored for the component . The JavaServer Faces implementation also completes conversions for input components that do not have the immediate attribute set to true .
If the local value is invalid , or if any conversion fails , the JavaServer Faces implementation adds an error message to the FacesContext instance , and the lifecycle advances directly to the Render Response phase so that the page is rendered again with the error messages displayed . If there were conversion errors from the Apply Request Values phase , the messages for these errors are also displayed .
If any validate methods or event listeners have called the renderResponse method on the current FacesContext , the JavaServer Faces implementation skips to the Render Response phase .
At this point , if the application needs to redirect to a different web application resource or generate a response that does not contain any JavaServer Faces components , it can call the FacesContext.responseComplete method .
If events have been queued during this phase , the JavaServer Faces implementation broadcasts them to interested listeners .
If the current request is identified as a partial request , the partial context is retrieved from the Faces Context , and the partial processing method is applied .
Update Model Values Phase
After the JavaServer Faces implementation determines that the data is valid , it traverses the component tree and sets the corresponding server-side object properties to the components ' local values . The JavaServer Faces implementation updates only the bean properties pointed at by an input component 's value attribute . If the local data can not be converted to the types specified by the bean properties , the lifecycle advances directly to the Render Response phase so that the page is re-rendered with errors displayed . This is similar to what happens with validation errors .
If any updateModels methods or any listeners have called the renderResponse method on the current FacesContext instance , the JavaServer Faces implementation skips to the Render Response phase .
At this point , if the application needs to redirect to a different web application resource or generate a response that does not contain any JavaServer Faces components , it can call the FacesContext.responseComplete method .
If any events have been queued during this phase , the JavaServer Faces implementation broadcasts them to interested listeners .
If the current request is identified as a partial request , the partial context is retrieved from the FacesContext , and the partial processing method is applied .
Invoke Application Phase
During this phase , the JavaServer Faces implementation handles any application-level events , such as submitting a form or linking to another page .
At this point , if the application needs to redirect to a different web application resource or generate a response that does not contain any JavaServer Faces components , it can call the FacesContext.responseComplete method .
If the view being processed was reconstructed from state information from a previous request and if a component has fired an event , these events are broadcast to interested listeners .
Finally , the JavaServer Faces implementation transfers control to the Render Response phase .
Render Response Phase
During this phase , JavaServer Faces builds the view and delegates authority to the appropriate resource for rendering the pages .
If this is an initial request , the components that are represented on the page will be added to the component tree . If this is not an initial request , the components are already added to the tree , so they need not be added again .
If the request is a postback and errors were encountered during the Apply Request Values phase , Process Validations phase , or Update Model Values phase , the original page is rendered again during this phase . If the pages contain h : message or h : messages tags , any queued error messages are displayed on the page .
After the content of the view is rendered , the state of the response is saved so that subsequent requests can access it . The saved state is available to the Restore View phase .
In this photo taken April 6 , 2016 , a sign at the federal courthouse in Tacoma , Wash. , is shown to inform visitors of the federal government 's REAL ID act , which requires state driver 's licenses and ID cards to have security enhancements and be issued to people who can prove they 're legally in the United States . Lawmakers in Washington state are now trying to bring the state in compliance with the law , and if state-issued identification cards and licenses are not changed , residents may have to produce additional forms of ID when boarding domestic flights at U.S. airports beginning in January , 2018 . ( AP Photo/Ted S. Warren )
Last week , 116 lawmakers in Pennsylvania penned a letter to President Donald Trump , asking them to protect their residents by reexamining REAL ID , a 2005 act that will affect Americans ' drivers licenses and is a harmful government intrusion and violates their privacy .
Citizens ' Council for Health Freedom ( CCHF ) , a national health freedom and patient advocacy organization , has staunchly opposed the push to implement a national ID card and has been educating Americans and lawmakers about the dangers of this initiative , including the half-truths proponents are telling to advance their agenda .
According to ABC News in Pennsylvania , the letter from the Keystone State lawmakers asks President Trump to resolve the constitutional issues the REAL ID Act has raised and to relieve states of the massive cost associated with the law .
Pennsylvania legislators understand state and individual rights under the 10th Amendment . As the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in the 1997 Printz v. United States case , the federal government does n't get a say when it comes to state issues . The Court said the federal government may not issue directives requiring the states to address particular problems , and may not command a state to administer or enforce a federal regulatory program . Thus , the Court recognizes states ' rights under the 10th Amendment .
That 's why five REAL ID enforcement deadlines have come and gone since 2008 . The states that refuse to conform to REAL ID are not only well aware of the dangers of the law , but also of the serious violation REAL ID is of states ' rights and the 10th Amendment . REAL ID is a direct attack on state sovereignty . It is not innocuous , it is not just another type of state driver 's license , and even Homeland Security admits in official documents that it is not required to fly , despite what the media reports . REAL ID is a federally controlled ID card , and federal officials can dictate an expanding list of what “ official purposes ” it must be used for if states acquiesce—and that 's the truth lawmakers and the American public must be told .
ABC in Pennsylvania further reported :
“ The lawmakers say Real ID imposes a significant unfunded mandate and usurps the states ' power to institute their own driver license regulations . The legislators add that because the law requires a registry with personal data , it increases the potential for fraud and identity theft . ”
Besides the letter from Pennsylvania , another letter is in the works in South Carolina , and U.S . Senators from Montana have a bill to repeal REAL ID . Five states have not conformed to REAL ID—Maine , Minnesota , Missouri , Montana and Washington—and many non-conforming states have been granted an extension to the conformance deadline , including Pennsylvania . Read more here from the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) .
In CCHF 's home state of Minnesota , freedom from REAL ID , however , is in jeopardy , as lawmakers continue to push bills to conform to REAL ID . CCHF has been instrumental in the fight to keep the state 's 2009 bipartisan , near-unanimous REAL ID prohibition intact .
Demonstrating the law 's unconstitutionality , there are no penalties or enforcement procedures to secure REAL ID compliance . But , as with earlier deadlines , in 2015 , DHS issued a warning stating that non-compliant drivers ' licenses would no longer be accepted for domestic air travel starting in January 2016 . The intent was to scare the public , according to CCHF , but when state legislators did n't jump into conforming activities , DHS extended the deadline to Jan. 22 , 2018 , with a stated prohibition on flying in 2020 .
Twila Brase is president and co-founder of Citizens ' Council for Health Freedom ( CCHF , www.cchfreedom.org ) , a Minnesota-based national organization dedicated to preserving patient-centered health care and protecting patient and privacy rights .
DONATE
Article Number 21200
FC Bayern Shirt Home 17/18
This product is not available in your country
This article is not available due to age restrictions
Red and white forever . The official FC Bayern München home shirt for the 2017/18 season pays homage to the glorious 1973/74 campaign and is a must-have for any FC Bayern München fan .
Size Chart Size S
M
L
XL
XXL
3XL Size Chart Size Select size S ( Sold out ) M ( Sold out ) L ( Sold out ) XL ( Sold out ) XXL ( Sold out ) 3XL ( Sold out ) Flocking WITHOUT
PLAYER
12th MAN
CUSTOMIZED WITHOUT PLAYER 12th MAN CUSTOMIZED Sorry this character is not available ! Printing is limited to a maximum of { 0 } characters ! Select Player 4 Süle 5 Hummels 6 Thiago 7 Ribéry 8 Martinez 9 Lewandowski 10 Robben 11 James 13 Rafinha 17 Boateng 24 Tolisso 25 Müller 27 Alaba 29 Coman 32 Kimmich Please enter a valid flock name Please enter a valid flock number Please enter a valid flock name Display Preview Logo ohne Badge BL/Meister Logo Ärmel-Sponsor BL/Meister Logo+Ärmel-Sponsor
from i plus shipping costs
This product is unfortunately no longer available .
Today , let 's look at how we can easily make a simple animated radial menu with CSS3 and JavaScript .
Have a look at the demo below and click the button for the radial menu to pop out .
The code is readily available in the codepen demo above , so let 's go over some of the specifics .
The HTML
Let 's look at the HTML . We will be using the HTML5 nav element with some links inside of it and the button to activate the radial menu .
< nav class= '' circular-menu '' > < div class= '' circle '' > < a href= '' '' class= '' fa fa-home fa-2x '' > < /a > < a href= '' '' class= '' fa fa-facebook fa-2x '' > < /a > < a href= '' '' class= '' fa fa-twitter fa-2x '' > < /a > < a href= '' '' class= '' fa fa-linkedin fa-2x '' > < /a > < a href= '' '' class= '' fa fa-github fa-2x '' > < /a > < a href= '' '' class= '' fa fa-rss fa-2x '' > < /a > < a href= '' '' class= '' fa fa-pinterest fa-2x '' > < /a > < a href= '' '' class= '' fa fa-asterisk fa-2x '' > < /a > < /div > < a href= '' '' class= '' menu-button fa fa-bars fa-2x '' > < /a > < /nav >
I have also used Font Awesome icons and added the necessary classes to the a-tag to get some nice icons for the menu items in the radial menu .
The CSS
So let 's look at some of the CSS here . First we define a width and height for our radial menu 's root container ( in this case the nav element with the circular-menu class . We also define the position property as relative so that we can position other items relatively .
.circular-menu { width : 250px ; height : 250px ; margin : 50px auto 0 ; position : relative ; }
By default the menu items will be hidden . We want a nice fade + zoom effect so we will start the menu items out at 0 opacity and also set the scale to 0 with the transform property .
.circle { width : 250px ; height : 250px ; opacity : 0 ; -webkit-transform : scale ( 0 ) ; -moz-transform : scale ( 0 ) ; -transform : scale ( 0 ) ; -webkit-transition : all 0.4s ease-out ; -moz-transition : all 0.4s ease-out ; transition : all 0.4s ease-out ; }
You can also see that we have defined the animation with the transition property .
To make the menu items zoom and fade in , we want to toggle it between classes . So let 's define an open class for the radial menu .
.open.circle { opacity : 1 ; -webkit-transform : scale ( 1 ) ; -moz-transform : scale ( 1 ) ; -transform : scale ( 1 ) ; }
So , once the open class is put on the same element as the circle class , it will apply the new properties according to the animation length and type defined by the transition property .
The elements within the circle class still need to be styled of course . Alongside some general styling for the size it is important that we set the position to absolute for the JavaScript to be able to position the menu items in the radial menu .
.circle a { text-decoration : none ; color : white ; display : block ; height : 40px ; width : 40px ; line-height : 40px ; margin-left : -20px ; margin-top : -20px ; position : absolute ; text-align : center ; } .circle a : hover { color : # eef ; }
And of course we need to position and style our menu toggle button .
.menu-button { position : absolute ; top : calc ( 50 % - 30px ) ; left : calc ( 50 % - 30px ) ; text-decoration : none ; text-align : center ; color : # 444 ; border-radius : 50 % ; display : block ; height : 40px ; width : 40px ; line-height : 40px ; padding : 10px ; background : # dde ; } .menu-button : hover { background-color : # eef ; }
Now let 's move on to the final part , the part which makes our menu a real radial menu !
The JavaScript
First , let 's make our menu toggle button show and hide our menu items .
document.querySelector ( '.menu-button ' ) .onclick = function ( e ) { e.preventDefault ( ) ; document.querySelector ( '.circle ' ) .classList.toggle ( 'open ' ) ; }
This will select the element with menu-button for class and listen for a click event . Once you click it is will take the element with the circle class and add the open class to it .
Now the last thing on the list is the positioning .
var items = document.querySelectorAll ( '.circle a ' ) ; for ( var i = 0 , l = items.length ; i < l ; i++ ) { items [ i ] .style.left = ( 50 - 35 * Math.cos ( -0.5 * Math.PI - 2 * ( 1/l ) * i * Math.PI ) ) .toFixed ( 4 ) + `` % '' ; items [ i ] .style.top = ( 50 + 35 * Math.sin ( -0.5 * Math.PI - 2 * ( 1/l ) * i * Math.PI ) ) .toFixed ( 4 ) + `` % '' ; }
What this code does is select all the links within the element with the circle class . You can then loop through these items .
We then use the iterator ( i ) to calculate the CSS top and left property with some basic geometry , using the sine and the cosine .
Using JavaScript to position the elements allows you to use any number of child a element in your menu and the JavaScript math magic will do the rest !
That 's it !
I hope this will help you make a cool radial menu . If you made something awesome , feel free to share it in the comments ! If you liked this tutorial be sure to like it and share it on your favorite social media !
Global gold demand slumped to a six-year low in the second quarter as consumers in China and India continued to pull back on purchases of gold jewelry , coins and bars despite bullion 's multi-year low prices .
Overall demand totaled 915 tonnes , a 12 percent decline from the same period last year , according to the World Gold Council 's ( WGC ) the latest demand trends report , published on Thursday .
`` It 's been a challenging market for gold this quarter , particularly in Asia , on the back of falls in India and China , '' said Alistair Hewitt , head of market intelligence at the WGC – a marketing body for the gold industry .
In China , slowing economic growth and severe fluctuations in the domestic stock market soured appetite .
`` On the one hand , rallying equities drew attention away from discretionary purchases of items such as gold jewelry as consumers poured disposable income into chasing stocks higher , '' WGC said .
`` On the other hand , the sharp reversal in stock markets in late June damaged sentiment , wiping out the capital gains made by late joiners to the rally and leaving consumers less inclined to spend their disposable income on jewelry , among other things . ''
Read MoreGold could plunge to $ 1000 quicker than you think
Meanwhile , in India demand was impeded by unfavorable weather conditions – which hit rural incomes – as well as a dearth of auspicious days for marriages in the third quarter .
These two markets accounted for almost half the fall in global demand , WGC said .
Global demand for gold jewelry was down 14 percent on year to 513 tonnes . India 's jewelry demand plummeted 23 percent to 118 tonnes , while China 's fell 5 percent to 174 tonnes . Jewlery is the biggest source of demand for gold .
Painter Michael Israel , left , poses with Donald and Melania Trump in 2007 at Trump 's Mar-a-Lago Club . Trump spent $ 20,000 that belonged to the Donald J. Trump Foundation to buy a six-foot-tall portrait of themselves painted by Israel . ( Michael Israel )
President-elect Donald Trump 's charitable foundation has admitted to the Internal Revenue Service that it violated a legal prohibition against “ self-dealing , ” which bars nonprofit leaders from using their charity 's money to help themselves , their businesses or their families .
The admission was contained in the Donald J. Trump Foundation 's IRS tax filings for 2015 , which were recently posted online at the nonprofit-tracking site GuideStar . A GuideStar spokesperson said the forms were uploaded by the Trump Foundation 's law firm , Morgan , Lewis & Bockius .
The Washington Post could not immediately confirm if the same forms had actually been sent to the IRS .
In one section of the form , the IRS asked whether the Trump Foundation had transferred “ income or assets to a disqualified person. ” A disqualified person , in this context , might be Trump — the foundation 's president — or a member of their family or a Trump-owned business .
The foundation checked yes .
For 2015 , the Trump Foundation checked “ yes ” when asked whether it had transferred “ income or assets to a disqualified person ” — which in this context might be Trump , a member of their family or a Trump-owned business — and checked “ yes ” again when asked if it had engaged in any acts of self-dealing in prior years . For 2014 , The foundation answered “ no ” to these questions .
Another line on the form asked whether the Trump Foundation had engaged in any acts of self-dealing in prior years . The Trump Foundation checked yes again .
Such violations can carry penalties including excise taxes , and the charity leaders can be required to repay money that the charity spent on their behalf .
During the presidential campaign , The Post reported on several instances in which Trump appeared to use the Trump Foundation 's money to buy items for themselves or to help one of their for-profit businesses .
But the new Trump Foundation tax filings provided little detail , so it was unclear if these admissions were connected to the instances reported in The Post .
[ Trump boasts about their philanthropy . But their giving falls short of their words . ]
The Trump Foundation tax forms did not , for instance , describe any specific acts of self-dealing . They also did not say whether Trump had paid any penalties already . That kind of detail would be submitted on a separate IRS form , which was not included in the information posted online by GuideStar .
Trump 's team did not respond to a request for comment Tuesday .
Washington Post reporter David A. Fahrenthold has been searching for evidence of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump 's charitable giving for months . ( Peter Stevenson , Julio Negron/The Washington Post )
The New York attorney general 's office is investigating Trump 's charity , following up on reports in The Post that described apparent instances of self-dealing going back to 2007 . A spokesperson for Attorney General Eric Schneiderman declined to comment , other than to say “ our investigation is ongoing . ”
The IRS also did not immediately respond . That agency has not said if it is investigating the president-elect 's charity .
The Trump Foundation has existed since 1987 . This appeared to be the first time that it had admitted committing such a violation .
Philip Hackney , who formerly worked in the IRS chief counsel 's office and now teaches at Louisiana State University , said they wanted to know why the Trump Foundation was now admitting to self-dealing in prior years — when , in all prior years , it had told the IRS it had done nothing of the kind .
“ What transactions led to the self-dealing that they 're admitting to ? Why were n't they able to recognize them in prior years , ” Hackney said . They said that , since the prior years ' returns were signed by Trump , that opened the president-elect to questions about what they had missed and how .
Trump Foundation 2015 tax filing
During the presidential campaign , The Post revealed several instances — worth about $ 300,000 — where Trump seemed to have used the Trump Foundation to help himself . From 2009 until this year , the charity was funded exclusively with other people 's money , an arrangement that experts say is almost unheard of for a family foundation .
In two cases , The Post reported , the Trump Foundation appeared to pay legal settlements to end lawsuits that involved their for-profit businesses .
In one case , Trump settled a dispute with the town of Palm Beach , Fla. , over a large flagpole they erected at their Mar-a-Lago Club . The town agreed to waive $ 120,000 in unpaid fines if Trump 's club donated $ 100,000 to Fisher House , a charity helping wounded veterans and military personnel . The Trump Foundation paid that donation instead — effectively saving their business $ 100,000 .
In another , Trump 's golf course in New York 's Westchester County was sued by a man who had won a $ 1 million hole-in-one prize during a tournament at the course . The man was later denied the money because Trump 's course had allegedly made the hole too short for the prize to be valid .
The lawsuit was settled , and details on that final settlement have not been made public . But on the day that the parties told the court that their lawsuit had been settled , the Trump Foundation donated $ 158,000 to the unhappy golfer 's charity . Trump 's golf course donated nothing .
In three other cases , Trump 's foundation paid for items that Trump or their wife purchased at charity auctions . In 2012 , Trump bid $ 12,000 for a football helmet signed by then-Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow . In another case from 2007 , Trump 's wife , Melania , bid $ 20,000 on a six-foot-tall portrait of Trump painted by “ speed painter ” Michael Israel during a gala at Mar-a-Lago . And in 2014 , Trump bid $ 10,000 to buy a four-foot painting of themselves by artist Havi Schanz at another charity gala .
[ How a Univision anchor found the missing $ 10,000 portrait that Trump bought with their charity 's money ]
In all three cases , the Trump Foundation paid the bill . Tax experts said that , by law , the items had to be put to charitable use . Trump 's representatives have not said what became of the helmet or the $ 20,000 portrait .
The $ 10,000 portrait was , however , located by Post readers , following coverage of the Trump Foundation . It was hanging on the wall of the sports bar at Trump 's Doral golf resort , outside Miami .
In September , a Trump campaign spokesperson rejected the idea that Trump had done anything wrong , by using their charity 's money to buy art for their bar . Instead , spokesperson Boris Epshteyn said , the sports bar was doing the charity a favor by “ storing ” its art free of charge .
Tax experts said that this argument was unlikely to hold water .
“ It 's hard to make an IRS auditor laugh , ” Brett Kappel , a lawyer who advises nonprofit groups at the Akerman firm , told The Post then . “ But this would do it . ”
In the new 2015 tax filing , the Trump Foundation acknowledged for the first time that it owned these items . But it listed market values far below what the foundation had paid : The helmet was valued at $ 475 , the portrait purchased for $ 20,000 was valued at $ 700 , and the portrait purchased for $ 10,000 was valued at $ 500 .
The tax filing did not give any details about where these items are or what charitable use Trump has in mind for them .
The Trump Foundation 's tax filing also shows that — for the first time in six years — the foundation received a donation from an entity controlled by Trump himself .
It lists a donation of $ 566,370 from the Trump Corporation , an entity 100 percent owned by Trump himself . It also lists a $ 50,000 gift from Trump Productions , a Trump-owned business that produced “ The Apprentice . ”
Previously , the last donation to the foundation from Trump or one of their businesses had come in 2008 . Trump 's spokespersons did not respond to a question about the reason for these new gifts .
In addition , the Trump Foundation reported a $ 150,000 gift from the foundation of Viktor Pinchuk , a powerful Ukrainian steel magnate . That was the first such gift from him .
Pinchuk , who supports closer ties between Ukraine and Western nations , had also pledged large donations to the foundation of Trump 's presidential opponent , Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton . Those donations , pledged to the Clinton Foundation while Clinton was secretary of state , raised questions about whether they had conflicts of interest when they met with their family foundation 's donors .
A spokesperson for Pinchuk 's foundation said that the gift was made as part of an agreement for Trump to speak — via video link — to a conference Pinchuk organized in September 2015 . The conference , called the Yalta European Strategy annual meeting , was held in Kiev . At the time of their 20-minute speech , titled “ How New Ukraine 's Fate Affects Europe and the World , ” Trump was already a presidential candidate .
Trump 's spokespersons did not respond to a question about Pinchuk 's gift .
[ How Donald Trump retooled their charity to spend other people 's money ]
Marc S. Owens , the former head of the IRS nonprofit division , noted that this was a rare contribution to the Trump Foundation from overseas . The only other foreign gifts were small ones from New Zealand and Canada in 2006 and 2008 . And it was certainly the first from a foreigner who could seek to influence the foreign policy agenda of a President Trump .
“ The contribution points out a potential way for foreign donors to align themselves with [ Trump ] , ” Owens said .
So far , Trump has said nothing about how they will run their foundation when they take office — or what they will do to avoid potential conflicts of interest involving Trump Foundation donors .
In contrast , when they were preparing to take office as secretary of state in 2009 , Clinton was closely questioned about the operations of the global charity founded by their husband . As a result , the president of the Clinton Foundation signed a memorandum of understanding with the Obama administration that placed certain restrictions on its activities , notably limiting some donations from foreign governments .
The agreement was criticized by Republicans during the campaign for loopholes , and the Clinton Foundation has also acknowledged at least one failure to fully uphold its terms . But the document showed an understanding that some additional transparency and regulations were needed while Clinton held public office .
“ I will certainly do everything in my power to make sure that the good work of the foundation continues without there being any untoward effects on me and my service and be very conscious of any questions that are raised , ” Clinton said during their 2009 confirmation hearing . “ But I think that the way that this has been hammered out is as close as we can get to doing something that is so unprecedented that there is no formula for it , and we 've tried to do the very best we could . ”
The Post was first alerted to the 2015 tax filing by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a liberal watchdog group . In a written statement , CREW spokesperson Jordan Libowitz said many questions remained to be answered .
“ Why were the Trumps unable to provide locations of the Foundation 's assets like paintings and football helmets . . . when they clearly remain in the possession of the Foundation ? What assets do [ they ] admit to transferring to a ‘ disqualified person ? ' ” Libowitz wrote . “ It 's pretty clear at this point that the IRS needs to investigate . ”
In all , the 2015 tax filing shows that the Trump Foundation took in $ 781,000 and gave away $ 896,000 in grants during 2015 . That left it with $ 1.1 million at year 's end , slightly down from the year before .
An early look at its outgoing grants showed a familiar pattern : Trump gave to a smattering of New York and Florida charities , plus a few connected to friends and business partners . Also , as they entered the presidential race , they gave to several nonprofit organizations connected with conservative causes .
One of them was Project Veritas , the group run by conservative provocateur James O'Keefe , which has used hidden-camera stings to target liberal groups . Stephen Gordon , of Project Veritas , said that its point of contact had been Corey Lewandowski , Trump 's one-time campaign manager .
They said they had a brief meeting with Trump in 2015 at Trump Tower . Trump gave $ 10,000 from their foundation to the group , which is an IRS-certified nonprofit organization .
“ We showed them a couple of videos . They thought that was really cool . And we walked out with a check . It was a typical donor meeting , ” Gordon recalled .
Rosalind S. Helderman contributed to this report .
Cap on salary increases will see some staffs earn just £5 extra a week while facing soaring costs and greater workload
About 1.3 million NHS staff are to receive a 1 % pay rise that will see nurses , midwives and radiographers earn barely £5 a week more next year , in a move that prompted a furious reaction from health unions .
The government 's decision to limit NHS wage increases to 1 % a year or freeze them for the seventh successive year led its own advisors to warn that the policy must end . Salary caps could exacerbate already serious understaffing in the NHS by making it less attractive to work for , especially as workloads are growing , the NHS pay review body ( PRB ) concluded .
Christine McAnea , the head of health at Unison said : “ This deal amounts to less than five pounds a week for most midwives , nurses , cleaners , paramedics , radiographers and other healthcare staff .
Tax changes could cost UK public sector workers 30 % of salary Read more
“ It 's a derisory amount in the face of soaring fuel bills , rising food prices and increasing transport costs .
“ The government 's insistence on the 1 % cap has tied the PRB 's hands . As the PRB itself admits , it can no longer prevent health employees ' pay falling way behind wages in almost every part of the economy .
“ Without the cash to hold on to experienced employees , the NHS staffing crisis will worsen as people leave for less stressful , better rewarded jobs elsewhere . This can only be bad news for patients . ”
The 1 % pay cap is due to stay in place until the current parliament ends in 2020 . Next year 's 1 % limit will also apply to doctors and dentists in the NHS .
The settlement for 2017-18 is the sixth year in a row in which NHS staff 's annual pay rise has been lower than the cost of living . Inflation , as measured by the Retail Prices Index , is running at 3.2 %
In its latest annual report to ministers , the PRB , an independent body , said : “ It is clear that current public sector pay policy is coming under stress . There are significant supply shortages in a number of staff groups and geographical areas . There are widespread concerns about recruitment , retention and motivation that are shared by employers and staff side alike . ”
The report said that NHS staff pay will also be eroded even more than was expected during the coming year because “ inflation is set to increase during 2017 compared to what was forecast , leading to bigger cuts in real pay for staff than were anticipated in 2015 , when current public sector pay policy was announced by the new UK government ” .
Warning that action was needed to tackle severe staff shortages , the PRB added that “ local pay flexibilities to address recruitment and retention issues are not being used to alleviate the very shortages they were designed to address . Our judgment is that we are approaching the point when the current pay policy will require some modification , and greater flexibility , within the NHS . ”
The case for change was even stronger because “ pay matters for the attractiveness of the service ” , so giving staff too little could deter potential future staff from joining the NHS , and also because the impact of axing bursaries for student nurses “ is still uncertain ” , it said . “ Take-home pay is important for existing NHS staff and many saw a cut in their take-home pay in cash terms in 2016-17 , whilst at the same time their workloads were increasing . ”
The 138,930 members of the armed forces will also have their pay rise pegged at 1 % , despite their pay review body cautioning that doing so risks causing recruitment problems , damaging morale and even the services ' future capacity .
The armed forces pay review body ( AFPRB ) noted in its report that service personnel were concerned about a “ perfect storm ” of increasing national insurance , changes in tax credits and higher rental charges for military housing .
It said : “ If the private sector continues to recover and if inflation continues its upward trajectory , we could foresee recruitment becoming more challenging and morale being adversely impacted . ”
Janet Davies , chief executive and general secretary of the Royal College of Nursing , condemned the 1 % rise as “ a bitter blow ” that “ will deter new people from joining the nursing profession at the very moment it is failing to retain staff and European colleagues in particular head for the door . ”
Justin Madders , the shadow health minister , said extending the cap by another year was “ totally self-defeating and unsustainable ” and could force hospitals to spend even more on agency staff . Tim Farron , the Liberal Democrat leader , said ministers were treating the NHS and armed forces personnel “ like dirt ” . Public sector staff had done enough in recent years to help get the UK back on track , they said .
The Department of Health said : “ The dedication and sheer hard work of our NHS staff is absolutely crucial to delivering world-class care for patients . We are pleased to announce that all NHS staff will receive a 1 % pay increase . ”
The Phil Kessel era in Toronto officially ended with the winger 's trade to the Pittsburgh Penguins on Wednesday .
Kessel 's time with the Maple Leafs was marked by many highs and lows , but it was certainly never boring .
As Leafs fans say goodbye to the polarizing sniper , here are five memorable moments from their time in Toronto :
5 . 'Battle of Ontario ' hat trick
Kessel reached the 30-goal plateau for the fifth time in their career in style with a hat trick against Ontario-rival Ottawa on February 1 , 2014 in a 6-3 Toronto victory .
This was Kessel 's fourth ( and most recent ) three-goal game , and third with the Maple Leafs .
4 . Off-season fishing tweet
Kessel took some heat during Toronto 's 2014 off-season for this seemingly innocent tweet , which they later deleted :
Toronto fans made sure to point out to Phil that participating in the Stanley Cup playoffs would certainly trump fishing , at night or otherwise .
3 . All-Star draft
Who can forget Alex Ovechkin 's wry smile as they snapped photos of an embarrassed Kessel , who got selected last in the 2011 All-Star draft ?
At least Kessel got a car for their troubles .
2 . Playoffs against Boston
Even when Kessel was at their best for Toronto during the 2013 playoffs against Boston ( four goals , two assists in seven games ) , things still did n't work out favourably for the Leafs .
Although they had a strong series against their former club , it was not enough , as Toronto collapsed in epic fashion in Game 7 and was eliminated from the playoffs .
That was Kessel 's first ( and only ) playoff appearance in a Maple Leafs jersey .
1 . Media blowups
The most infamous Kessel moment has to be their tirade on reporter Dave Feschuk last season .
But Kessel 's run-in with Feschuk was hardly the winger 's first with the Toronto media .
Kessel 's time in Toronto may have come and gone , but it surely wo n't be forgotten any time soon .
Story highlights Walter Olson : Those upset with verdict call for giving new powers to prosecutors
Olson : The unintended effect of this would be that more black men would end up in prisons
They say what really went wrong in the Zimmerman case is the prosecution 's misdeeds
Olson : To help minorities in the justice system , do n't look to taking away defendants ' rights
People upset at George Zimmerman 's acquittal are calling for awarding various new powers to prosecutors at the expense of protections for criminal defendants .
Maybe this would make it easier to hang a rap on some future Zimmerman . But it also would have an effect that its backers probably do n't intend : increasing the number of persons convicted and sent to prison . As part of that effect , more young black men -- as well as more members of other groups -- will end up behind bars .
On Twitter and Facebook , many people have expressed frustration with the conviction standard of `` beyond a reasonable doubt , '' which the state of Florida was unable to overcome . Could n't we lower it ? Others hoped prosecutors could appeal the verdict ( right now , they ca n't ; an acquittal is final ) .
To change either of these basic features of our judicial system , we 'd have to overturn the Supreme Court 's settled view of the Bill of Rights or amend the U.S. Constitution itself . And what would happen if we did ? Convictions would rise , and the nation 's outlandishly large and disproportionately black prison rolls would swell yet further .
Walter Olson
Or consider the popular notion of retrying Zimmerman on federal charges .
Under our Constitution , even serious crimes such as murder are traditionally offenses under state law only .
In a controversial 1959 opinion , Bartkus v. Illinois , the Supreme Court ruled that consecutive prosecutions under state and federal law do not violate the Constitution 's ban on double jeopardy . Interestingly , that was the view of the court 's five more conservative justices . The dissenters , who warned eloquently of the dangers of letting government try people twice for the same conduct , were the four liberals : Earl Warren , William Douglas , Hugo Black and William Brennan .
For many years thereafter , such prosecutions were a rare exception . Occasionally they were of national note , as when a Jim Crow authority would refuse to prosecute a white-on-black crime . Only with the Rodney King case in California in 1993 did anyone seriously propose giving prosecutors a second bite at the apple after a state prosecution pursued in good faith before an ordinary jury ended in an unpopular acquittal . If the floodgates now open , how long before we see federal enforcers begin to second-guess state-court acquittals in , say , drug cases ?
JUST WATCHED Trayvon Martin 's parents talk verdict Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trayvon Martin 's parents talk verdict 03:18
JUST WATCHED Trayvon 's mom : Verdict was total shock Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Trayvon 's mom : Verdict was total shock 01:37
Others call for narrowing self-defense rights , though the Zimmerman case wound up being tried under pretty much the same self-defense standard that prevails in the great majority of states . Florida 's so-called `` stand your ground '' law , which did away with the `` duty to retreat , '' was ignored by both prosecution and defense , and the jury appeared to accept Zimmerman 's contention that retreat was not an option for them once the altercation began .
A key constituency seeking to roll back stand your ground in the Florida legislature is prosecutors , whose interests just might not be fully congruent with those of the people they prosecute .
Although critics insist that stand your ground leads to racially disparate effects , the Tampa Bay Times , a paper that has been highly critical of the law , concedes its in-depth investigation `` found no obvious bias in how black defendants have been treated '' under the law .
It also quoted Alfreda Coward , a black Fort Lauderdale lawyer `` whose clients are mostly black men , '' as saying it had sometimes worked to the advantage of their clients facing charges over altercations . `` Let 's be clear , '' Coward told the paper , `` this law was not designed for the protection of young black males , but it 's benefiting them in certain cases . ''
If you 're looking for things that really went wrong in the Zimmerman case and are part of wider patterns unfavorable toward minorities , try looking at the prosecution 's misdeeds .
In particular , Florida State Attorney Angela Corey overcharged , going for second-degree murder when even manslaughter was shaky . That did n't cow Zimmerman , who had a sizable legal defense fund , but such tactics work every day in extracting plea-bargain surrenders from ordinary-Joe defendants who fear a worse verdict .
Corey 's team also tried the case in the news media , made jury-inflaming assertions it could n't back up with proof , and ( according to a whistle-blowing employee , soon fired by Corey ) even withheld evidence from the defense side , an ethical breach should it be proven .
A public stirred up to outrage over sins like those might come to realize that they 're not a fluke of the Zimmerman case , but crop up regularly in the everyday criminal justice system , to the disfavor of minority ( and nonminority ) defendants .
When the emotional grip of the moment has relaxed , we may wonder how we ever imagined that the way to help minorities in the justice system was to take away criminal defendants ' rights .
METRO VANCOUVER - A Burnaby mayoral candidate says if they are voted into office in the Nov. 15 municipal elections they will ban acts that harm public decorum — unsavoury stuff like wedding kisses and hand holding .
Sylvia Gung is one of five people running against incumbent mayor Derek Corrigan , but their campaign to establish a “ wholesome society ” free of behaviour that hints at sex or sexuality is decidedly unique .
“ People are turning the streets into ( their ) bedroom , ” said Gung in an interview , adding that residents are overdoing their public displays of affection and in turn , spurring acts of violence .
Meanwhile , Corrigan is running for re-election on a four-term track record as mayor and a focus on regional planning and advocacy for an environmentally sustainable future .
Among their challengers is Helen Hee Soon Chang , a distinguished volunteer with a desire to “ make Burnaby inclusive and safe . ”
Raj Gupta , a realtor and one-time political candidate for the B.C . Conservative Party , promises that if they are elected they will cut property taxes and push for more affordable housing and community services .
Fellow candidate Daren Hancott is running on the merits of their experience as a manager and international business person , and longtime volunteer Allen Hutton is pushing for openness and accountability in government as well as fiscal responsibility .
In addition to ridding Burnaby of public displays of affection , Gung says they will ban election campaigns , get rid of the school board and freeze taxes indefinitely .
For the full list of Burnaby candidate profiles , click here .
mrobinson @ vancouversun.com
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo .
Watch the famous Vancouver riot kiss video below
Two bombs exploded in a terrorist attack claimed by PKK/YPG suicide team , the Kurdistan Freedom Hawks ( TAK ) , in Istanbul 's Maçka Park on Saturday night , killing 44 people and wounding 155 .
Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmuş said two bombs blasted ; one suicide bomber self-detonated in the Maçka Park , and a car bomb was blown up on a nearby street . Kurtulmuş also noted that both blasts took place at an interval of 45 seconds .
Interior Minister Süleyman Soylu said the twin bombings killed 44 people and injured 155 people , including 14 people in intensive care unit .
Soylu noted that the identity of one victim is still being investigated .
`` Such cruel acts do not discourage us , but rather bring us together as a nation '' Soylu told reporters , and added that Turkey will continue to take measures to fight terrorists .
The Interior Ministry also announced that 12 suspects were detained in relation to the terrorist attack .
A number of ambulances and fire squads were dispatched to the scene after the blast , which was heard from many places across the city .
The statement released by the terror group TAK said that nobody in Turkey should expect to lead a peaceful life as long as these situations persist and Abdullah Öcalan , the imprisoned PKK leader , remains behind bars .
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan issued a statement following the attack , saying that people have been killed in the explosion . They stressed that PKK , Daesh and the Gülenist Terror Group ( FETÖ ) terrorists all target Turkey for the same purpose .
Erdoğan said the attack targeted police and civilians , and aimed to cause as many casualties as possible . The President also said that Turkey is alone in its fight against terror , but will not give up and will recover as soon as possible .
They postponed a planned visit to Kazakhstan -which was scheduled to take place on Sunday- following the terror attack , presidency sources said .
Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım issued a statement saying that this vile terrorist attack , where suicide bombers were used will be dealt with and will not go unpunished , and this attack will not manage to break the unity of the nation .
Yıldırım also signed a decree sent to all government departments announcing one day of national mourning across Turkey , asking to lower flags at half-mast .
Istanbul 's Chief Prosecutor 's Office charged six prosecutors , including İsmail Uçar , who is a specialist in tracking terror cases , to investigate the blasts and to ensure the judicial follow-up .
Photos and videos taken at the scene showed smoke rising from behind a newly built stadium .
Witnesses at the scene said gunfire could be heard in what appeared to have been an armed attack on police , but these reports have not been confirmed .
Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım and Istanbul Governor Vasip Şahin were briefed about the attack .
The explosion has also been caught live on the cameras of BJK TV .
By Phillip S. Smith , Drug War Chronicle
Alternet – April 6 , 2010
There is a chance , albeit an outside one , that the entire West Coast could go green in November . Last week we noted that the California tax and regulate initiative had made the ballot , and reported on the Oregon Cannabis Tax Act initiative 's ongoing effort to make the ballot . This week , we turn our attention to Washington state , where yet another marijuana legalization initiative campaign is underway .
Sponsored by Seattle Hempfest head Vivian McPeak , marijuana defense attorneys Douglass Hiatt and Jeffrey Steinborn , and journalist-turned-activist Philip Dawdy and organized under the rubric of Sensible Washington , initiative I-1068 would legalize marijuana by removing marijuana offenses from the state 's controlled substances act .
As the official ballot summary puts it :
“ This measure would remove state civil and criminal penalties for persons eighteen years or older who cultivate , possess , transport , sell , or use marijuana . Marijuana would no longer be defined as a ‘ controlled substance . ' Civil and criminal penalties relating to drug paraphernalia and provisions authorizing seizure or forfeiture of property would not apply to marijuana-related offenses committed by persons eighteen years or older . The measure would retain current restrictions and penalties applicable to persons under eighteen . ”
“ We 've had to go this route because the legislature is n't getting the job done , ” said Dawdy . “ We had a decriminalization bill and a tax and regulate bill , and neither one could even get through committee . We 've basically hit a brick wall in Olympia , and as activists , we 're tired of waiting . The state is spending way too much on arresting , prosecuting , and sometimes jailing people for marijuana crimes . We have 12,000 people arrested for marijuana offenses every year . It 's got to stop . If the legislature ca n't get it done , we have the initiative process . ”
The initiative campaign needs to gather 241,000 valid signatures by July 2 . According to the campaign , they are shooting for 350,000 signatures and are about 20 % of the way toward their goal . So far , it 's an all-volunteer effort .
“ We 've been battling the weather , which has been horrible , and that makes it really difficult to work outdoor events , ” said Dawdy . “ You ca n't gather very many signatures when it 's raining . But we are starting to get inundated with signature petitions , and we remain confident we can get enough to make the ballot . ”
The campaign is finding support in some unusual places , Dawdy said . “ The issue is really popular here , and one of our best hits was at a gun show . Libertarians and conservative Democrats go to those things . We 're probably going to have a gun show coordinator for western Washington , and try to target those events . And we can use retired police officers instead of stinky hippies . ”
There are no signs yet of any organized opposition , but Dawdy said that was no surprise . “ I would have been surprised if any popped up this early . I would n't expect it until we make the ballot , and then there will probably be some law enforcement group showing up to float the gateway theory and all that stuff . ”
“ We 're doing this on a shoestring , ” Dawdy explained . “ We 're getting online donations , a few in-kind donations , a few thousand-dollar checks , but funding from the national organizations has n't really gelled yet . But the medical marijuana campaign in 1998 did n't get any big money until May , and they got on the ballot and one . I think we can do the same thing . ”
Unlike California and , to a lesser degree , Oregon , there is little money to be had from the Washington medical marijuana community , Dawdy said . “ It is n't like California here , ” they said . “ There are no $ 70 eighths , it 's very much a nonprofit kind of system . What profits there are are small and underground , and they 're underground for a reason . ”
National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) executive director Allen St. Pierre said that the national NORML board of directors had endorsed the initiative and that local chapters were involved in the effort , but that NORML would n't do much more than that until — and unless — the initiative makes the ballot , something St. Pierre suggested they doubted would happen .
“ I 'm very skeptical about their prospects , ” they said . “ These guys said from the beginning they did n't have any money , and no initiatives not funded by billionaires have actually made it , yet they still decided to move forward . I told them NORML ca n't do much until they get on the ballot — it 's not worth the time and effort to point people towards initiatives that have n't made the ballot . ”
“ We 're getting sick and tired of being written off by people 3,000 miles away , ” retorted Dawdy . “ That 's just not fair , and it suggests that they do n't really know Washington state despite coming out for three days each summer for Hempfest . People here are sick and tired of the situation , and legalization and reform are issues that poll strongly . People back East do n't appreciate this and they do n't understand this is one of the few issues where you can actually make the ballot with an all-volunteer effort . ”
That 's not the only flak the initiative campaign is getting . One of the leading drug reform groups in the state , the ACLU of Washington has refused to endorse the initiative on the grounds that it does not include a regulatory system for marijuana . In a February statement , the Washington ACLU 's lead person on drug policy , Allison Holcomb , laid out its arguments :
“ The ACLU supports marijuana legalization and will continue to work toward that goal . However , we will not be supporting I-1068 because it does not provide a responsible regulatory system. ” “ We believe that full marijuana legalization will be accomplished only through implementation of a controlled regulatory system . Marijuana should be placed under controls that not only remove criminal penalties for adult marijuana use but also address the public 's concerns about health and safety . It is unrealistic to regulate it less than tobacco or alcohol. ” “ We 're aware that some believe that I-1068 's passage would force the legislature to adopt such regulations in 2011. ” “ However , the ACLU is n't willing to support an incomplete initiative in hopes that the Legislature will fix it . We believe that when seeking support of such an important and complicated issue , the public should be presented with a carefully considered and well-vetted proposal . ”
But the initiative campaign argues that Washington 's stringent single-issue rule for initiatives blocks it from concocting an elaborate regulatory scheme . Passage of the initiative would force the legislature to then enact regulations , they said .
“ All our initiative does is remove criminal penalties for adult use , possession , and cultivation , ” Dawdy explained . “ That will put it back in the hands of the legislature to come up with sensible civil regulations . We would have loved to do regulations in the initiative , but the single issue rule on initiatives in our state is very strict . ”
The Washington ACLU also argued that support for legalization is less than solid and that a defeat at the polls would be “ a significant setback ” for the drug reform movement .
And so things stand as April begins . Initiative campaigners have about 90 days to gather the requisite signatures and make the ballot . Maybe then they 'll begin to get some respect . And maybe then they can join California , and hopefully , Oregon , in turning the West Coast green .
Read more of Phillip S. Smith 's work at the Drug War Chronicle .
Advertisements
Square Enix has revealed two new costumes for Lightning in the next instalment of the Final Fantasy XIII series , Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII . As always , both costumes come as a pre-order bonus .
The Vajra Bodhisattva costume is only available via pre-order from HMV and Lawson , and comes with a costume , a weapon ( Treasury ) , and a shield ( Warrior 's Return )
Vajra Bodhisattva ( Costume ) – The armor of a wise ruler who honored the heavens and loved their nation , and stuck to the ways of benevolence in a world of wars .
Treasury Palace ( Weapon ) – Forged as a prayer to the Gods , it was once the cross-shaped lance of a ferocious monk unparalleled in spearmanship .
Warrior 's Return ( Shield ) – A robust shield covered with a rivet of steel , it is said that it could deflect even a knight 's assault .
The Fushikaden , also comes with a costume , weapon ( Direct Heart Shadow ) , shield ( Charming Folding Screen ) bundle , and is only available with all first-run copies of the official soundtrack .
Fushikaden ( Costume ) – Fighting as though in a graceful dance , the flowers of a turbulent time fly as you battle in a noble woman 's armor .
Direct Heart Shadow ( Weapon ) – Standing to face the invaders , protect the nation to the end with the sword of a noble woman .
Charming Folding Screen ( Shield ) – Like an ancient song composed of a dream-like spectacle , this is a brilliant shield .
Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII is set for release on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on November 21 in Japan , February 11 in North America , and February 14 in Europe .
Related
No related content found .
Tags : Final Fantasy XIII
In 2002 , the astronaut was accused of being part of a conspiracy that supposedly faked the Moon landing .
In response , Aldrin , then aged 72 , punched the conspiracy theorist .
The theorist is question is Bart Sibrel , and they do not believe that Neil Armstong , Buzz Aldrin of the United States landed on the moon in 1969 .
A video of the incident has since resurfaced online , with many revelling in the assault .
During the exchange outside a hotel in Beverly Hills , Los Angeles , Sibrel can be heard saying :
You 're the one who said you walked on the moon when you did n't . Calling the kettle black if I ever thought it . Saying that I misrepresented myself ?
In reports from the area 's deputy District Attorney at the time Elizabeth Ratinoff , Sibrel had allegedly lured Aldrin there under the pretence of interviewing him .
As the pair shouted over one another – Aldrin can be heard saying ‘ can you get away from me ' with Sibrel responding ‘ You 're a coward and a liar ' .
The latest revelation from Edward Snowden 's haul of documents from their time at the US National Security Agency is a surprisingly varied list of targets that the NSA and its UK counterpart , GCHQ , spied on from 2008 to 2011 . The Guardian , the New York Times and Der Spiegel all ran their own articles on the data contained in the documents , so we thought we 'd just put all the targets they mention in a list .
These targets do not appear to have simply been caught up in a broad dragnet , the Guardian says . Rather , each was specifically targeted , and given a unique identifier in the agency 's “ target knowledge database. ” In some cases , entire transcripts of communications were logged , including text message conversations .
This list is far from complete , and some of the elements are vague ; the three publications name only a selection of the more than 1,000 targets that , according to the Times , are mentioned in the documents , whether for reasons of space or to avoid exposing certain sensitive information .
Overview
The targets , say the reports , are spread across 60 countries . They include some potential jihadists , extremists and militants , but are mostly just American and British allies , European corporations , UN bodies and non-profit aid organizations . The tapped communications came primarily from satellite transmissions but also apparently came from sources that may have included undersea fiber optic cables . Der Spiegel reports that these documents “ appear to represent only a small cross-section ” of a much larger pool of records .
The reports follow an earlier revelation from Snowden that the NSA had tapped the phones of 35 world leaders .
Businesses and their regulators
Joaquín Almunia , vice president of the European Commission , responsible for oversight of antitrust issues in Europe . They have fined US companies like Intel and Microsoft in the past and is in the midst of a three-year investigation of Google .
Total , the French oil and gas giant
Thales Group , a defense and logistics conglomerate part-owned by the French government
Israel
Public email address of the Israeli prime minister in 2009 , at the time Ehud Olmert
An email account used to pass messages between Israeli defense minister Ehud Barak and chief of staff Yoni Koren
Two Israeli embassies
The Institute of Physics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Germany
The German embassy in Rwanda
Country-wide communications links between Germany and Georgia as well as Germany and Turkey
“ German government networks in Berlin ”
Previously it was revealed that the NSA was tapping Angela Merkel 's cell phone calls , and the US has refused to guarantee to Germany it wo n't spy on anyone but the prime minister .
Africa
Dr Mohamed Ibn Chambas , the UN and African Union special representative for Darfur
Solomon Asamoah , deputy head of the Africa Finance Corporation
Aid groups
The World Health Organization ( WHO )
Nicolas Imboden , executive director of the non-profit IDEAS centre in Geneva , which is “ dedicated to help low-income countries integrating into the world trading system ”
“ Taleban ministry of refugee affairs ”
UNICEF ( United Nations Children 's Fund )
Médecins du Monde , a medical relief organization that offers aid in war-torn regions
UN Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO )
UN Institute for Disarmament Research ( UNIDIR )
Miscellaneous and notable
An “ Estonian Skype security team ”
“ Israeli grey arms dealer ”
A French ambassador
“ Various entities in Beijing ”
The Unlikely Story of How Porsche DNA Probably Ended Up On Your Car
Porsche and the rear window wiper are inexorably linked in the annals of automotive history . And for good reason .
While rear wipers were around as an accessory as far back as the 1940s , they never became commonplace . In the mid-fifties , interest picked up a bit in Italy . In 1955 , Ferrari installed a pair on a 250 GT Europa by Pinin Farina .
Two years hence , rear wipers made their next appearance at the 1957 Salon de Genève on the new Lancia Flaminia Berlina , also by Pinin Farina . While much praised for their functionality , they once again failed to catch on . This was not surprising : outside mirrors , another aid to rear vision , were still widely ( particularly in Italy ) considered superfluous .
Nearly a decade later , a wealthy German industrialist contacted the Porsche factory in 1965 about ordering a new 911 with a special request : they wanted a wiper installed on the rear window . Porsche dutifully set about developing a suitable wiper assembly .
When other Porsche enthusiasts saw this gentleman cruising the country 's Autobahnen and parked along the strasse with their custom rear wiper , the factory began receiving an increasing number of requests for similar installations . As a result , Porsche developed a retrofit kit and simultaneously began offering the rear wiper as a standard production option on 1966 models .
The early wiper arm pivot shafts were fitted with inner and outer angled bushings that enabled it to be mounted on the edge of the air intake recess of the existing engine lid . A year later , as the wiper option gained popularity , engine lid pressing dies were modified to incorporate integral mounting bosses for rear wiper installation , eliminating the need for the angled adapter bushings . These were included on each side of the lid to accommodate both left and right-hand drive configurations .
Other manufacturers began to take note of Porsche 's rear wiper and in 1969 , Volvo added one to the 145 . At long last , the time for rear wipers had arrived .
By the mid-'70s , rear wipers had become ubiquitous on hatchbacks , estates and station wagons . Such body styles were particularly good candidates for them : with a lack of a rear deck ( trunk ) , hatchback rear windows invariably collect more road spray .
Porsche has remained a steadfast devotee of the rear wiper , offering the option on every fixed-roof production model subsequent to the 911 with the exception of the 914 , whose long rear deck and recessed vertical rear window obviated the need for one .
The rear wiper is a highly desirable option on any Porsche , new or old . Beyond its functionality , it is a perfect visual metaphor of classic Porsche essence and character . The 356 and early 911 , with their air-cooled reliability , rear engine traction , long-travel independent suspension , and generous ground clearance were not just smooth-road sporting machines—they were tough , all-weather , go-anywhere-on-any-road vehicles . This separated them from other sporting cars of the time , which generally suffered from restricted ground clearance , limited traction , often borderline weather sealing , and sometimes-marginal cooling systems .
Indeed , Porsches were even better than most standard sedans when the going got rough or the weather inclement . No matter the meteorological conditions or terrain , a Porsche was expected to get the driver to their destination . The stark functionality of a rear wiper is the literal expression of this .
Early 911 rally cars ( including the 1968 Rallye Monte Carlo-winning 911 T ) were routinely equipped with rear wipers until high-speed stage rallying made weight reduction paramount . Any rallyist who has ever ‘ wrong-slotted ' can appreciate the potential value of a rear wiper .
While Ferraris , Jaguar E-Types , and other sporting machines were all too often only trotted out on clear , sunny days , Porsche owners routinely took their cars wherever they had to go , day in and day out . A rear wiper , in addition to its obvious utility , telegraphed to the casual observer that they were gazing upon a fine and functional automobile , not likely a dilettante or garage queen .
Wherever one needed to go , this car would get them there , efficiently as possible . If you spot a vintage or contemporary Porsche with the optional rear wiper , it is a safe bet that it is most likely driven by a true Porsche connoisseur .
Uninitiated enthusiasts , unencumbered by intimate familiarity of Porsche tradition , sometimes protest that the iconic rear wiper is stylistically unbecoming . On the contrary , a Porsche sporting a rear wiper is analogous to Sean Connery as James Bond in black tie donning a steel Rolex Submariner : a seemingly incongruous functional instrument ; seemingly out of place , but discreetly hinting at ancillary capabilities on call .
What would you prefer driving : an automobile displaying tangible and functional evidence of its robust heritage , or a mechanical fair-weather pretty boy ?
This article originally appeared on Auto Universum – Jet Age Motoring and has been adapted for Petrolicious . If you enjoyed it , there are many more interesting features there by J Kraus .
Image Sources : stuttcars.info , stuttcars.info , imcdb.org , classicdriver.com , classicdriver.com , porsche.com , volvocars.com
Join the Conversation
There 's a hidden reason so many Stockholm renters go for Nordic minimalist interiors . In a capital gripped by an acute housing shortage , it 's no fun constantly lugging all your worldly goods from apartment to apartment .
The Swedish capital may be one of the most desirable locations on the planet to be an expat , but once you 've bagged the dream job , finding somewhere to live brings a whole new set of problems .
The city 's queue for rent-controlled housing is so long that it 's being considered by the Guinness Book of World Records
The city 's queue for rent-controlled housing is so long that it 's being considered by the Guinness Book of World Records . On average , it takes nine years to be granted a rent-controlled property – and that jumps to two decades in some of the most popular neighbourhoods .
Rooms in existing flat-shares are also incredibly hard to come by , since Sweden has a higher proportion of single-person properties than almost anywhere else in the EU .
“ It 's a frustrating market that is tainting my experience of living in a city that I love , ” said 27-year-old engineer Maeva Schaller , who moved to Stockholm from Grenoble , France , in 2010 .
Stockholm is Europe 's fastest-growing capital , thanks to record immigration , a thriving start-up scene plus one of the continent 's highest birth rates . All of these factors have seen the wider region 's population grow by almost a quarter of a million in just seven years .
Successive governments have failed to build enough homes for its long-term residents , let alone the latest arrivals
But amid strict building regulations and a lack of investment over a number of decades , successive governments have failed to build enough homes for its long-term residents , let alone the latest arrivals .
Music streaming company Spotify , which launched in the tech-friendly city and still has its headquarters in Stockholm , recently wrote an open letter to policymakers warning it could expand its business elsewhere if the government does n't take action quickly . Start-up workers organised a follow-up protest outside the national parliament calling on politicians to focus on the impact the squeeze is having on retaining global talent .
In the past six years , Schaller has lived in a total of nine properties in seven different neighbourhoods , mostly subletting from Swedes with long rental leases .
Like many foreigners , she 's reluctant to buy , following a price rise of 14 % in the city in last year alone , as well as a desire to have a flexible base as they progress in their career .
Expats in Stockholm can also rarely expect to live in properties owned by their employers . Businesses are hindered by strict housing association rules designed to stop private individuals or firms snapping up apartments en masse in the same block , and few choose to get round the problem by buying their own land instead .
“ There are a lot of people coming to this city and participating in the life here , working in big companies , ” said Schaller . “ Why does it have to be so hard to feel safe here for a year or two ? ”
In theory , Sweden 's rental market is designed to ensure that anyone who does n't own their own property has access to an affordable home with rent that 's capped , provided by either a local council or a state-approved private company . Once you get one of these so-called “ first-hand ” contracts , is usually yours for life .
But in Stockholm , while newcomers of all backgrounds are welcome to join the queue for this kind of accommodation , they will find around half a million locals waiting in front of them , a figure which doubled from 2007 to 2014 .
“ I know I am one of the lucky ones , ” says Jose Lagos , a substitute teacher and lifetime Stockholmer who 's had their lease on a one-room apartment in the city centre since 2003 .
“ It 's nice , it 's close to the Old Town , close to green areas and lots of pubs . But it is a small apartment , just one room and a small kitchen . One day I would like to have a bigger place with a balcony , ” added the 34-year-old .
In Stockholm you 're often in someone 's flat just for the time that they are away
Would-be renters without a first-hand contract have the option of either subletting from someone with a long lease or renting from a private landlord . But contracts are often for a year or less , since individuals who choose to let out their homes are usually limited to a fixed period agreed by the building 's housing association and only for a valid reason such as travelling abroad or moving in with a partner .
“ It 's not like other cities where the people who own apartments never live in them themselves . In Stockholm you 're often in someone 's flat just for the time that they are away , ” explains Schaller .
According to Statistics Sweden , the average cost of renting an apartment first-hand in Stockholm is around 6,518 Swedish kronor ( $ 783 ) per month , with 66 sq m listed as the mean sized property .
By contrast , second-hand contracts can change hands for double that price on the black economy , despite regulations designed to ensure tenants do n't pay much more than the market rate . Prices have also been pushed up since a law change in 2013 , allowing private individuals to charge tenants based on their mortgage costs rather than comparable rent prices in the neighbourhood .
Schaller has typically paid 8500 kronor ( $ 1032 ) for a studio flat or 6000 kronor ( $ 728 ) for a single room in a shared apartment and knows “ plenty of people paying a lot extra ” .
Meanwhile , employers from a range of industries are also struggling . According to the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise ( Svenskt Näringsliv ) , 61 % of Swedish companies have experienced recruitment problems over the last year , with firms citing the housing shortage in 31 % of cases .
While global names such as H & M , Ericsson and Spotify , and larger start-ups such as online-payment services firm Klarna often use relocation agencies to help new staff secure short-term leases while they get settled , plenty of smaller firms lack either the time or resources .
“ Diversity is a very important for us and we 're trying to find people from many different countries to support our company , ” said Elise Lilliehöök , head of recruitment and marketing at One Agency , an IT firm in Stockholm .
“ But to be able to keep innovation and entrepreneurship in Sweden I think it 's really important that we have a [ housing ] system that supports that . Making it easier to get first-hand rental contracts could be one solution , but really it 's up to the city to really look into this . ”
I have many , many friends in Stockholm who are living in some of the nicest parts of town paying around $ 900 a month
Others argue that deregulation might offer a solution , by bringing first-hand rents in the capital 's most exclusive areas in line with similar spots in other major urban centres , which in turn could slash prices elsewhere in the city .
“ I have many , many friends in Stockholm who are living in some of the nicest parts of town paying around $ 900 a month , that in London or in California would be double or triple the price , ” said US entrepreneur Tyler Crowley , who organised the recent protest by start-up workers .
“ But it 's hard to impose this kind of American capitalist mentality on a Swedish system , ” they added , referring to the Nordic country 's long legacy of social democracy and collective risk sharing .
Part of business leaders ' frustration comes from the lack of national political consensus over how to tackle Sweden 's housing jam . But on a local level Stockholm is investing heavily in both building programmes and administrative support for newcomers amid fears that the crisis could have an impact on business .
“ We want to improve the housing situation so that we can sustain the population growth that we are seeing – that 's what it 's about , ” said Joseph Michael , who works for Stockholm Business Region , the city council 's publicly-funded business development arm .
They are adamant the crisis will be temporary , citing council-backed plans to build 40,000 new permanent homes by 2020 , rising to a total of 140,000 by 2030 , as well as a number of creative public and private projects , from movable modular homes , to Sweden 's first large-scale co-living space for global entrepreneurs .
As the political wrangling between stakeholders continues , others in the business community conclude that however the housing market develops , Stockholm must n't take its eye off what 's already made the city so attractive to global talent .
“ Everything about Stockholm is linked to work-life balance , the parks , the water , being outdoors , that 's the red thread through all of this , ” said content designer 40-year old Jane Ruffino , who relocated to Sweden from Dublin three years ago .
“ For me personally , I 'm watching to see how the city can develop in a way that helps everyone . I want to live in a place where there 's diversity , not somewhere where start-ups get special treatment just because they think they 're cool . ”
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital , please head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Guns kept in the home are more likely to be involved in a fatal or nonfatal unintentional shooting , criminal assault or suicide attempt than to be used to injure or kill in self-defense . That is , a gun is more likely to be used to kill or injure an innocent person in the home than a threatening intruder .
Though guns may be successfully used in self-defense even when they are not fired , the evidence shows that their presence in the home makes a person more vulnerable , not less . Instead of keeping owners safer from harm , objective studies confirm that firearms in the home place owners and their families at greater risk . Research published in the New England Journal of Medicine found that living in a home where guns are kept increased an individual 's risk of death by homicide by between 40 and 170 % . Another study published in the American Journal of Epidemiology similarly found that “ persons with guns in the home were at greater risk of dying from a homicide in the home than those without guns in the home. ” This study determined that the presence of guns in the home increased an individual 's risk of death by homicide by 90 % .
Claims that guns are used defensively millions times every year have been widely discredited . Using a gun in self-defense is no more likely to reduce the chance of being injured during a crime than various other forms of protective action . At least one study has found that carrying a firearm significantly increases a person 's risk of being shot in an assault ; research published in the American Journal of Public Health reported that , even after adjusting for confounding factors , individuals who were in possession of a gun were about 4.5 times more likely to be shot in an assault than those not in possession .
The gun lobby has often cited to a thoroughly debunked statistic that guns are used defensively 2.5 million times per year in the United States . That discredited estimate came from a 1995 study that suffered from several fatal methodological flaws , including its reliance on only 66 responses in a telephone survey of 5,000 people , multiplied out to purportedly represent over 200 million American adults . The authors of that discredited study themselves stated that in up to 64 % of their reported defensive gun use cases , the guns were carried or used illegally , including cases where the victim was actually the aggressor .
A study published in 2013 by the Violence Policy Center , using five years of nationwide statistics ( 2007-2011 ) compiled by the federal Bureau of Justice found that defensive gun use occurs at a dramatically lower rate , about 98.5 % lower than the gun lobby has claimed . The V.P.C . also found that for every one justifiable homicide in the United States involving a gun , guns were used in 44 criminal homicides . This ratio does not take into account the tens of thousands of lives lost in gun suicides or accidental shootings every year .
Another study reviewing surveys of gun use in the U.S. determined that a majority of self-reported defensive gun uses may also have been illegal and against the interests of society .
TO end the war with Japan in 1945 , the US and its European allies introduced a type of weapon never seen before , a weapon that would confirm the US as the dominant force on the world scene ; the atomic bomb .
The development of the bomb was done in the US as the Manhattan Project .
It involved white Jewish freemasons , including the renowned scientist , Albert Einstein .
In 1945 CE , two nuclear bombs were detonated by the US on the Japanese islands of Nagasaki and Hiroshima .
The number of people that died as a result of the bombs was incalculable and the radioactive nature of the explosions has since led to some health problem with the people that survived .
After Japan 's defeat , the East Asians found themselves with a new enemy — the US .
The US was just as hostile to the South East Asians as were the Japanese until they , too , were defeated in places like Vietnam .
The US dislodged Japan not as liberators of the East Asians , but eliminators of competition in their quest for world dominance .
Until the defeat of Japan by the US , European nations like Britain were the biggest imperial powers of the modern era .
But after defeating Japan , the US overtook Europe as the biggest imperial power on earth .
On the other hand was the Soviet Union which was busy exporting the Communist ideology to nations in Eastern Europe , China and North Korea .
Japan today is a clear puppet of the Western nations , particularly the US .
The US troops have been present in their land in great numbers since Japan 's defeat and places like Okinawa are full of mixed race children as a result of miscegenation between the Japanese women and the white men that are all over the country .
The culture that the Japanese used to possess has been diluted and replaced with a loose Western lifestyle .
Japanese TV , uncharacteristically , now shows pictures of nudity and sexual acts — a direct result of the Westernisation of their people , which has undermined indigenous culture and beliefs .
When the Japanese Prime Minister Yakio Hatoyama tried and failed to close down the notorious US military base in Okinawa which accommodates over 47 000 foreign troops , they were forced to resign almost overnight for challenging US presence in Japan .
The current Prime Minister of Japan , Shinzo Abe , is clearly a puppet of the West who upholds US 's interests above Japan 's relation with neighbouring countries such as China .
China , North Korea and South Korea have all raised alarm at Japan 's numerous joint military operations with the US .
All of Japan 's technical knowhow is now serving the interests of the West , including US nuclear projects .
The Japanese , as the losers of the Second World War , have been subdued by their victors into this predicament and many Japanese people are against their subtle colonisation by the US , but are fearful to speak out .
By way of tying up issues raised in this series it is necessary to go back to China to highlight some of the important developments during and after the period of Japanese occupation .
In October of 1917 CE , Russia went through a socialist revolution .
From that period onwards , communist and socialist schools of thought , such as Marxism began to attract Chinese intellectuals .
Marxism was studied and seen as a better option as opposed to capitalism which had plagued the nation .
China rejected an order by the Western nations to hand over Taiwan to Japan .
This was in 1919 CE after the so-called First World War , when the victor nations of the West met in France to eventually establish the League of Nations .
Germany had laid claim to Taiwan after the Opium wars and since Germany was among the losers of the First World War , the Western nations chose to give it to Japan instead of returning it to China .
Such sentiment from the West led to China being bullied by Japan .
On May 4 of that year , the Chinese started a resistance movement against the Western order and the scholars behind the movement followed communist ideology .
When the West insisted on handing Taiwan to Japan , the Chinese nationals that were in France surrounded the residence of the Chinese delegation , urging them to not accept the deal .
At home in China , universities protested against the deal and the northern warlord government killed and arrested many of them .
China did not agree to the deal and this was the one of the first bald acts by China against the West .
The Chinese stance was largely inspired by the socialist , communist and Marxist ideology .
The aftermath of this diplomatic victory was the founding of numerous communist parties in and outside China .
On August 20 of that year , the first communist group was established in Shanghai by Chen Du Xiu , Li Da and Hanjun .
Another communist group followed in October of that year in Beijing and was established by Li Da Zhao , Zhang Guotao and Deng Zhong Xia .
More and more communist groups emerged in the major provinces of China .
It is interesting to note that most of the liberation movements that later emerged in Africa and other developing countries adopted the Socialist/Marxist ideology that spurred them to victory against the colonial occupation forces .
On July of 1923 CE , 13 representatives from the different communist groups of China , including the legendary Mao Zedong , met secretly in Shanghai and founded the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) .
At the time China was led by Dr San Yat Sen and their party was called KMT and was not communist .
They were struggling to control the country because of pressure from the northern warlords .
The KMT was forced to accept and invite help from communists such as the CPC and Soviet Russia .
In June 1923 CE , a formal policy of cooperation between members of the KMT and CPC was agreed .
This led to the first KMT – CPC cooperation which strengthened San Yat Sen 's rule over China and weakened the Northern warlords .
Ruling out the possibility of any ordinance to permit the bull-taming sport of Jallikattu before Supreme Court announces its verdict on the issue , environment minister Anil Dave said on Tuesday that Centre 's hands are tied . The minister though , hinted that the Centre supported the sport as it viewed it as `` animal friendly '' and a part of `` Tamil Nadu 's traditions and culture . '' Dave spoke on the issue in the wake of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam 's recent letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeking an ordinance permitting the sport .
`` The Supreme Court decision is pending . It will be difficult to say what can be done right now . But , once the court 's decision is announced , we will examine the matter and take a stand , '' Dave told reporters on Tuesday .
While speaking on the issue , Dave pointed out that the controversy surrounding Jallikattu began when the United Progressive Alliance ( UPA ) government issued a notification prohibiting use of bulls as performing animals . `` The previous government brought out the notification in 2011 and that is where the problem arose . In 2016 , we made it clear before the Supreme Court that we want to remove bull from the ambit of performing animals . In a country like India , emotion and culture plays a huge part and these things are not profession drive . Therefore , we had said to Supreme Court in 2016 that we want to remove bulls from the list of performing animals , '' added Dave , illustrating the National Democratic Alliance 's stand on the issue .
In 2014 , Supreme Court banned Jallikattu along with other sports involving animals such as bull-races in Maharashtra and Karnataka , cockfights in Andhra Pradesh , Bulbul fights in Assam and dog-fights in Punjab . The SC 's ban has made the issue a political hot potato with all political parties from Tamil Nadu voicing their support , seeking to lift the ban .
Following SC 's ban , the environment ministry under Prakash Javadekar had issued a notification permitting bull-taming and bull-races . But , there was an immediate appeal filed against the notification . Interestingly , the Animal Welfare Board of India , an environment ministry body , was party to the appeal . The SC had reiterated that the ban on the sport will continue . Last month , detailed hearings on the matter ended and the SC bench has reserved its order .
Commenting on the issue , Gauri Maulekhi , trustee , People for Animals , one of the petitioners in the case , said , `` There is no provision in law that will allow Centre or State to subvert orders of Supreme Court . The issue has garnered a lot of controversy because politicians are using it as a tool to further their cause . ''
BOX
What is Jallikatu ?
A traditional and popular sport in rural Tamil Nadu , Jallikattu is staged as part of Pongal , a harvest festival . Bulls are released from enclosures and youths attempt to tame it by its horns , bare handed .
The Steve Miller Band is an American rock band formed in 1966 in San Francisco , California . [ 4 ] The band is led by Steve Miller on guitar and lead vocals . The group is best known for a string of ( mainly ) mid- to late-1970s hit singles that are staples of classic rock radio , as well as several earlier psychedelic rock albums . Miller left their first band to move to San Francisco and form the Steve Miller Blues Band . Shortly after Harvey Kornspan negotiated the band 's contract with Capitol Records in 1967 , the band shortened its name to the Steve Miller Band . In February 1968 , the band recorded its debut album , Children of the Future . It went on to produce the albums Sailor , Brave New World , Your Saving Grace , Number 5 , Rock Love and more . The band 's Greatest Hits 1974–78 , released in 1978 , sold over 13 million copies . In 2016 , Steve Miller was inducted as a solo artist in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
Steve Miller performing at Interlochen Fine Arts Camp on July 20 , 2009
In 1965 , after moving to Chicago to play the blues , Steve Miller and keyboardist Barry Goldberg founded the Goldberg-Miller Blues Band along with bassist Roy Ruby , rhythm guitarist Craymore Stevens , and drummer Maurice McKinley . The band contracted to Epic Records and recorded a single , `` The Mother Song '' , which they performed on Hullabaloo , before Miller left the group to go to San Francisco . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
Miller then formed the Steve Miller Blues Band . Harvey Kornspan , managing partner , wrote and negotiated the band 's contract ( $ 860,000 over five years as well as $ 25,000 of promotion money that was to be spent at the band 's discretion ) with Capitol/EMI Records then-president Alan Livingston in 1967 . Shortly after , the band 's name was shortened to the Steve Miller Band in order to broaden its appeal . The band , consisting of Miller , guitarist James Cooke , bassist Lonnie Turner , drummer Tim Davis ( who replaced the departing Lance Haas on drums ) and Jim Peterman on Hammond B3 organ , backed Chuck Berry at a gig at the Fillmore West that was released as the live album , Live at Fillmore Auditorium . [ 7 ] Guitarist Boz Scaggs joined the band soon after and the group performed at the Magic Mountain Festival ( festival was held June 10/11 , 1967 ) and the following week at the Monterey Pop Festival ( festival was held June 16/17/18 , 1967 ) .
In February 1968 , while in England , the band recorded their debut album , Children of the Future , at Olympic studios with Glyn Johns as engineer/producer . The album did not score among the Top 100 album chart . The second album Sailor appeared in October 1968 and climbed the Billboard chart to No . 24 . Successes included the single `` Living in the USA . '' Brave New World ( No . 22 , 1969 ) featured the songs `` Space Cowboy '' and `` My Dark Hour '' . Paul McCartney , credited as `` Paul Ramon '' , played drums , bass and sang backing vocals on `` My Dark Hour '' . This was followed by Your Saving Grace ( No . 38 , 1969 ) and Number 5 ( No . 23 , 1970 ) . In 1971 , Miller broke their neck in a car accident . Capitol Records released the album Rock Love , featuring unreleased live performances and studio material . This is one of two Steve Miller Band albums not to be released on CD , the other being Recall the Beginning ... A Journey from Eden . In 1972 , the double album compilation Anthology was released , containing 16 songs from the band 's first five albums .
The style and personnel of the band changed radically with The Joker ( No . 1 , 1973 ) , concentrating on straightforward rock and leaving the psychedelic blues side of the band behind . The title track , `` The Joker '' , became a No . 1 single and was certified platinum , reaching over one million sales . It was awarded a gold disc by the RIAA on January 11 , 1974 . [ 8 ]
Three years later , the band returned with the album Fly Like an Eagle , which charted at No . 3 . Three singles were released from the album : `` Take the Money and Run '' ( No . 11 ) , `` Fly Like an Eagle '' ( No . 2 ) and their second No . 1 success , `` Rock'n Me '' . Miller credits the guitar introduction to `` Rock'n Me '' as a tribute to the Free song , `` All Right Now '' . [ 9 ]
Book of Dreams ( No . 2 , 1977 ) also included three successes : `` Jet Airliner '' ( No . 8 ) , `` Jungle Love '' ( No . 23 ) ( later becoming the song played over the opening credits of the 8th season of the sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond ) , and `` Swingtown '' ( No . 17 ) . 1982 's Abracadabra album gave Steve Miller their third No . 1 success with the title track . Miller 's hit pushed Chicago 's `` Hard to Say I 'm Sorry '' out of the No . 1 spot , just as their `` Rock'n Me '' had knocked Chicago 's `` If You Leave Me Now '' out of the No . 1 spot in 1976 . [ 9 ]
Released in 1978 , The Steve Miller Band 's Greatest Hits 1974–78 has sold over 13 million copies , and Miller continues to perform sold-out concerts . [ 10 ]
Bingo ! , a new album of blues and R & B covers , was released on June 15 , 2010 . Let Your Hair Down , a companion release to Bingo ! , was released 10 months later , on April 18 , 2011 . [ 11 ]
Founding member Tim Davis died from complications due to diabetes on September 20 , 1988 , at the age of 44 . Long-time band member Norton Buffalo died from lung cancer on October 30 , 2009 . John King ( drummer during `` The Joker '' era ) died after a short bout with kidney cancer on October 26 , 2010 . James Cooke died from cancer on 16 May 2011 . [ 12 ] [ 13 ] Blues guitarist Jacob Peterson officially joined the band before the Spring 2011 tour . Following Petersen joining the band , longtime guitarist Kenny Lee Lewis switched instruments to become the band 's full-time bassist . In 2014 , Steve Miller Band toured with fellow San Francisco rock band Journey . [ 14 ]
How “ Your ” Government Works
The Obama administration has announced the formation of a panel of “ outside experts ” to review the NSA 's surveillance practices . And a wide-ranging , diverse collection of experts they are ; when it comes to institutional backgrounds and viewpoints , they span the entire spectrum from A to B . They remind me a bit of the space shuttle crew in an episode of The Simpsons : “ They 're a colorful bunch … There 's a mathematician , a different kind of mathematician , and a statistician . ”
Richard Clarke , who served on the National Security Council under two Bushes and a Clinton , was the counter-terrorism tsar for three administrations . Michael Morell is a former CIA director who was at Obama 's side during the kill of bin Laden and probably heavily involved in the whole “ wink , wink , nudge , nudge ” operation of “ unofficial ” leaks to the Zero Dark Thirty propaganda operation . Cass Sunstein , former White House information tsar under Obama , in 2010 authored a paper explicitly endorsing “ cognitive infiltration ” by the government — i.e. , government secretly enlisting the help of “ respected outside experts ” posing as independent commenters to debunk “ conspiracy theories ” critical of government policy on social media . You know , like those boiler rooms the Mossad runs full of people pretending to be independent college students defending the Israeli apartheid state against social media critics .
This bunch of clowns bears an amazing resemblance to the “ outside experts ” running other aspects of government policy . You know how the U.S. government brags about all the “ stakeholders seated around the table ” when it drafts new laws or treaties on “ intellectual property ? ” Oddly enough , there are n't many from the Electronic Frontier Foundation or Creative Commons . But you bet your booty the RIAA , MPAA and Microsoft will be represented extremely well .
Pretty much every pick for U.S. Treasurer is a former CEO of Goldman-Sachs or Citigroup . Obama 's favorite for Federal Reserve chairperson is Larry Summers , the ultimate insider 's insider from America 's quasi-public , quasi-private network of finance capitalist institutions .
Likewise , if you look through the assorted Assistant and Deputy and Assistant Deputy Secretaries at the USDA , you 'll find a gaggle of former Vice Presidents and Directors from Monsanto , Cargill and ADM . The second-tier political appointees at the FDA will generally be there as a change of pace between stints in the C-Suites of Merck and Pfizer . Basically the entire military procurement policy apparatus is an alliance of military ( ahem , “ Defense ” ) contractors and Pentagon procurement officers , rigging tests and getting their lies straight so Congress will rubber-stamp their new weapons systems .
If you think all this insider involvement in policy represents “ regulatory capture , ” or the corruption of an originally pristine system by campaign money and lobbyists , you 're missing the point . It 's their ability to use the state as a tool for extracting rents from society that makes these people insiders in the first place . Most of the profits they get in the “ marketplace ” [ sic , sic , SICK ] result either from rents on artificial scarcity enforced by the state , or from direct government subsidies to their operating costs . Protecting the profits of “ insiders ” is what governments do . If it were n't for state subsidies and state-enforced entry barriers , artificial property rights , artificial scarcities and regulatory cartels , there would n't be a Goldman Sachs or a Citigroup . There would n't be an ADM , Cargill or Monsanto . There would n't be a Merck or Pfizer , a Disney or Microsoft .
The government exists , since the beginning of the first states , to serve landlords , capitalists , usurers , bureaucrats and assorted other rentiers — not to serve us . The state , by its very nature , is executive committee of an economic ruling class . Trying to “ reform ” government through outsider review is like trying to reform the Mafia .
Citations to this article :
When Mohammed bin Salman was just 12 they began sitting in on meetings led by their father Salman , the then governor of Saudi Arabia 's Riyadh Province . Some 17 years later , at 29 and already the world 's youngest defence minister , they plunged their country into a brutal war in Yemen with no end in sight .
Now the kingdom of Saudi Arabia is jousting dangerously with its regional foe Iran , led by a man seemingly in a big hurry to become the Middle East 's most powerful leader .
Prince Mohammed was still in their early teens when they began trading in shares and property . And when they ran into a scrape or two , their father was able to take care of things . Unlike their older half-brothers , MbS , as they are known , did not go abroad to university , choosing to remain in Riyadh where they attended King Saud University , graduating in law . Associates considered them an earnest young man who neither smoked nor drank and had no interest in partying .
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles , events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $ 9.99 a month
In 2011 , their father became deputy Crown Prince and secured the prized Ministry of Defence , with its vast budget and lucrative weapons contracts . MbS , as a private adviser , ran the royal court with a decisive hand after their father was named Crown Prince in 2012 .
Every step of the way , Prince Mohammed has been with their father , who took their favoured son with them as they rose in the hierarchy of the House of Saud . Within the Saudi religious and business elite it was well understood that if you wanted to see the father you had to go through the son .
Critics claim they have amassed a vast fortune , but it is power , not money , that drives the prince . When Salman ascended the Saudi throne in January 2015 , they were already ailing and relying heavily on their son . Aged 79 , the King is reported to be suffering from dementia and able to concentrate for only a few hours in a day . As their father 's gatekeeper , MbS is the real power in the kingdom .
That power was dramatically increased in the first few months of Salman 's rule . Prince Mohammed was appointed Defence Minister ; put in charge of Aramco , the national energy company ; made the head of a powerful new body , the Council for Economic and Development Affairs with oversight over every ministry ; and put in charge of the kingdom 's public investment fund . They were named deputy Crown Prince but ensured ascendancy over their rival Mohammed bin Nayef , the Crown Prince and Interior Minister , by absorbing the latter 's royal court into that of the King 's .
Impatient with bureaucracy , MbS has been quick to make their mark by demanding that ministries define and deliver key performance indicators on a monthly basis , unheard of in a sclerotic economic system defined by patronage , crony capitalism and corruption . Their sudden early morning visits to ministries demanding to see the books is rapidly becoming the stuff of legend , startling sleepy Riyadh into action and capturing the admiration of young Saudis . “ He is very popular with the youth . They work hard , they have a plan for economic reform and they are open to them . They understand them , ” enthused one business person .
That counts , because 70 per cent of the Saudi population is under 30 and youth unemployment is running high , with some estimates putting it at between 20 and 25 per cent .
But the same zeal with which they are pursuing economic reforms has also led Saudi Arabia into a messy war in neighbouring Yemen . Last March , they launched an aerial campaign against rebel Houthi forces that had run the Saudi-installed President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi out of the country . Decades of Saudi caution were thrown to the wind as MbS presided over Operation Decisive Storm .
Shape Created with Sketch . 10 examples of Saudi Arabia 's human rights abuses Show all 10 left Created with Sketch . right Created with Sketch . Shape Created with Sketch . 10 examples of Saudi Arabia 's human rights abuses 1/10 In October 2014 , three lawyers , Dr Abdulrahman al-Subaihi , Bander al-Nogaithan and Abdulrahman al-Rumaih , were sentenced to up to eight years in prison for using Twitter to criticize the Ministry of Justice . AFP/Getty Images 2/10 In March 2015 , Yemen 's Sunni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi was forced into exile after a Shia-led insurgency . A Saudi Arabia-led coalition has responded with air strikes in order to reinstate Mr Hadi . It has since been accused of committing war crimes in the country . Getty Images 3/10 Women who supported the Women2Drive campaign , launched in 2011 to challenge the ban on women driving vehicles , faced harassment and intimidation by the authorities . The government warned that women drivers would face arrest . Getty Images 4/10 Members of the Kingdom 's Shia minority , most of whom live in the oil-rich Eastern Province , continue to face discrimination that limits their access to government services and employment . Activists have received death sentences or long prison terms for their alleged participation in protests in 2011 and 2012 . Getty Images 5/10 All public gatherings are prohibited under an order issued by the Interior Ministry in 2011 . Those defy the ban face arrest , prosecution and imprisonment on charges such as “ inciting people against the authorities ” . Getty Images 6/10 In March 2014 , the Interior Ministry stated that authorities had deported over 370,000 foreign migrants and that 18,000 others were in detention . Thousands of workers were returned to Somalia and other states where they were at risk of human rights abuses , with large numbers also returned to Yemen , in order to open more jobs to Saudi Arabians . Many migrants reported that prior to their deportation they had been packed into overcrowded makeshift detention facilities where they received little food and water and were abused by guards . Getty Images 7/10 The Saudi Arabian authorities continue to deny access to independent human rights organisations like Amnesty International , and they have been known to take punitive action , including through the courts , against activists and family members of victims who contact Amnesty . Getty Images 8/10 Raif Badawi was sentenced to 1000 lashes and 10 years in prison for using their liberal blog to criticise Saudi Arabia 's clerics . They have already received 50 lashes , which have reportedly left them in poor health . Carsten Koall/Getty Images 9/10 Dawood al-Marhoon was arrested aged 17 for participating in an anti-government protest . After refusing to spy on their fellow protestors , they were tortured and forced to sign a blank document that would later contain their ‘ confession ' . At Dawood 's trial , the prosecution requested death by crucifixion while refusing them a lawyer . Getty Images 10/10 Ali Mohammed al-Nimr was arrested in 2012 aged either 16 or 17 for participating in protests during the Arab spring . Their sentence includes beheading and crucifixion . The international community has spoken out against the punishment and has called on Saudi Arabia to stop . They are the nephew of a prominent government dissident . Getty 1/10 In October 2014 , three lawyers , Dr Abdulrahman al-Subaihi , Bander al-Nogaithan and Abdulrahman al-Rumaih , were sentenced to up to eight years in prison for using Twitter to criticize the Ministry of Justice . AFP/Getty Images 2/10 In March 2015 , Yemen 's Sunni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi was forced into exile after a Shia-led insurgency . A Saudi Arabia-led coalition has responded with air strikes in order to reinstate Mr Hadi . It has since been accused of committing war crimes in the country . Getty Images 3/10 Women who supported the Women2Drive campaign , launched in 2011 to challenge the ban on women driving vehicles , faced harassment and intimidation by the authorities . The government warned that women drivers would face arrest . Getty Images 4/10 Members of the Kingdom 's Shia minority , most of whom live in the oil-rich Eastern Province , continue to face discrimination that limits their access to government services and employment . Activists have received death sentences or long prison terms for their alleged participation in protests in 2011 and 2012 . Getty Images 5/10 All public gatherings are prohibited under an order issued by the Interior Ministry in 2011 . Those defy the ban face arrest , prosecution and imprisonment on charges such as “ inciting people against the authorities ” . Getty Images 6/10 In March 2014 , the Interior Ministry stated that authorities had deported over 370,000 foreign migrants and that 18,000 others were in detention . Thousands of workers were returned to Somalia and other states where they were at risk of human rights abuses , with large numbers also returned to Yemen , in order to open more jobs to Saudi Arabians . Many migrants reported that prior to their deportation they had been packed into overcrowded makeshift detention facilities where they received little food and water and were abused by guards . Getty Images 7/10 The Saudi Arabian authorities continue to deny access to independent human rights organisations like Amnesty International , and they have been known to take punitive action , including through the courts , against activists and family members of victims who contact Amnesty . Getty Images 8/10 Raif Badawi was sentenced to 1000 lashes and 10 years in prison for using their liberal blog to criticise Saudi Arabia 's clerics . They have already received 50 lashes , which have reportedly left them in poor health . Carsten Koall/Getty Images 9/10 Dawood al-Marhoon was arrested aged 17 for participating in an anti-government protest . After refusing to spy on their fellow protestors , they were tortured and forced to sign a blank document that would later contain their ‘ confession ' . At Dawood 's trial , the prosecution requested death by crucifixion while refusing them a lawyer . Getty Images 10/10 Ali Mohammed al-Nimr was arrested in 2012 aged either 16 or 17 for participating in protests during the Arab spring . Their sentence includes beheading and crucifixion . The international community has spoken out against the punishment and has called on Saudi Arabia to stop . They are the nephew of a prominent government dissident . Getty
It must have seemed a very good idea at the time : the young , ambitious son of an aged king leading a war against a rebellion in a troubled southern neighbour . That the rebellion was supported by Iran made the adventure even more attractive . The Saudi military was bristling with new weapons – billions of dollars ' worth . MbS had a powerful older rival in the Interior Minister and wanted to prove their mettle both to their rival and their own supporters . The plan was to win a quick , decisive victory to confirm their stature as a military leader , placing them in the same league as their grandfather Ibn Saud , the great warrior king and founder of modern Saudi Arabia .
MbS ignored the fact that the Houthis were a useful buffer against the real threat to the House of Saud , Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) . They seemed , too , to have overlooked that the tenacious Houthis had embarrassed the Saudis in a border war just a few years previously . That was in 2009 , when they seized the Saudi Red Sea port of Jizan and left only after a substantial payment of some $ 70m ( £48m ) .
Thus far Operation Decisive Storm has proved anything but . The war has dragged on for close to a year , causing infinite misery to the people of Yemen . In intense aerial bombardments , much of the country 's infrastructure has been destroyed while the Houthis remain defiantly in control of the capital Sanaa and most of the north . In the south , AQAP has had an open field . Undeterred , MbS has vowed to carry on , determined to bomb the Houthis to the negotiating table .
“ He is quite belligerent , ” says Jason Tuvey , a Middle East economist at Capital Economics . But Tuvey , like many other analysts , has been impressed by Prince Mohammed 's grasp of the often maddeningly complex problems that bedevil the kingdom 's economy . “ On the economic front they have done very well . They have shifted policy and they should be commended for that , ” Tuvey says .
Where the good in their impetuous nature may come undone is over the growing struggle with Iran for regional hegemony . When MbS announced the formation of a council of 34 Muslim nations in mid-December to combat terrorism , they clearly had Iran in mind . The Iranians have strongly backed the beleaguered Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , both directly and through Hezbollah , a militia trained and armed over the years by Iran . The Saudis are determined to see Assad defeated before any Syrian peace talks commence .
Now , with the Saudis executing the senior Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr , a tit-for-tat battle is escalating . The Iranians allowed the sacking of the Saudi embassy in Tehran , and the Saudis together with other Gulf Co-operation council ( GCC ) states withdrew their ambassadors in retaliation . The apparent bombing of the Iranian embassy in Sanaa has further ratcheted up tensions .
In a widely circulated letter last summer , enemies within the ruling family decried the arrogance of the young prince , even going so far as to call for their ousting along with their father and Mohammed bin Nayef . But those calls have led nowhere and MbS continues to ride a crest of popular support in Saudi Arabia . The question remains , though , how far their impetuous nature will take them in the conflict with Iran .
It is not outside the realm of possibility that this brilliant , brash young man casting themselves in their grandfather 's mould as a Sunni warrior may be weighing up the options , may be thinking of a military strike against Shia Iran – a frightening thought in a region already riven by sectarian war .
We 'll tell you what 's true . You can form your own view .
At The Independent , no one tells us what to write . That 's why , in an era of political lies and Brexit bias , more readers are turning to an independent source . Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives , events and ebooks – all with no ads .
Subscribe now
PITTSBURGH -- Roosevelt Nix is set to re-sign with the Pittsburgh Steelers , their agent , Bill Parise , told PennLive.com .
The fullback will sign a one-year , $ 615,000 contract Friday morning -- the minimum for a player with their two years of experience .
Nix has played in 25 games , not including the postseason , for the Steelers since the team signed them to a futures contact in January of 2015 . As an undrafted rookie free agent defensive end out of Kent State , Nix was released by the Atlanta Falcons early in training camp of the previous year .
When they joined the Steelers for organized team activities in 2015 head coach Mike Tomlin had Nix switch from linebacker to fullback , Nix said , where they ultimately made the team , featuring primarily on special teams . A standout on kickoff coverage , he 's recorded 11 total tackles in two years .
Nix has carried the ball four times for 21 yards in the same span , though they were the lead blocker for some of Le'Veon Bell 's best performances this season .
They missed the first five games of the 2016 campaign before playing out the remainder of the season .
Nix was an exclusive right `` free agent , '' meaning all the Steelers had to do to retain them was make an offer by March 9 .
Ten other Steelers who may not be for the 2017 season
Vanity Fair contributor and New York Times columnist Teddy Wayne has a new campus novel , Loner ( Simon & Schuster ) , out today , just in time for back-to-school season . Wayne 's third book follows David Federman , an alienated Harvard first-year student who soon becomes infatuated with Veronica , a glamorous , sophisticated Manhattanite in their dorm .
What begins as a wry coming-of-age story soon spirals into a dark , disturbing portrait of obsession and an examination of class and gender politics .
Loner has been named one of the fall 's most-anticipated books by a number of publications , and , in a starred review , Kirkus calls it “ a startlingly sharp study of not just collegiate culture , but of social forces at large ; a novel as absorbing as it is devastating . ”
Actor and New Yorker contributor Jesse Eisenberg , no stranger to depictions of disaffected Harvard freshmen , says it is “ as thrilling as it is cautionary . ”
I spoke recently with Wayne about the origin of the character of David , the alienation felt by some privileged young men , and what exactly makes a protagonist likeable .
Vanity Fair : How much of Loner is autobiographical ?
Teddy Wayne : Other than the fact that I went to Harvard ( though I transferred there as a sophomore , and this is set first-year student year ) , none of it . I did , however , write an unpublished novel when I was 24 , also set there , that was closer to my experience . For a number of reasons , including its semi-autobiographical elements , it was n't very good , and I knew that if I was going to return someday to a campus novel , I had to get further away from myself . My previous two novels , about a Middle Eastern computer programmer and an 11-year-old pop singer , have much more of myself in them than Loner does .
So what was the spark for this latest ? Was it the main character of David ?
At some point in 2013 , I watched video of the sentencing of T.J. Lane , a teenager who had shot and killed three classmates in their high-school cafeteria . The video is disturbing ; Lane is completely remorseless . It lingered in my mind for a while , and I was drawn to the idea of writing from the perspective of someone who displays a similar lack of empathy—but who is n't as cartoonishly monstrous as Lane appears in the video , and whose vulnerability may make the reader partially sympathetic to him .
I wrote a draft of the novel and sent it to my agent in May 2014 . That weekend , Elliot Rodger killed six people in Isla Vista , California . I read Rodger 's equally disturbing manifesto , which is marinated in toxic attitudes about gender . And yet some parts of their loneliness and despair are recognizably human . My subsequent drafts were informed by their struggles with their masculinity , their sexual frustrations , their alienated anger . The book had originally been more generally about obsession and class , but it became more focused on contemporary gender politics , as seen through the lens of a privileged young man at an elite college .
You use the word “ privilege. ” These young men whom you 're talking about , and the main character in your book , seem to blow through life pretty easily , except when it comes to dealing with the opposite sex . That privilege does n't extend into that area and they seem to lash out .
Yes , it 's entirely possible to be privileged in all conventional ways and to still have a miserable , or at least dissatisfied , emotional life . The profile of young American men who resort to some form of attention-getting violence is remarkably similar : they 're usually shunned , especially by girls . The combination of the invisibility they feel and the social rewards they think they 're entitled to is a potent , dangerous one . David , on the other hand , has a girlfriend and access to friends for most of the book—but they deem themselves worthy of a “ better ” girlfriend , “ better ” friends . The idea of a life that remains on the margins of the truly elite surrounding them is intolerable .
David is an interesting character to have as a protagonist . He 's not likeable in the traditional sense but a reader does feel for him , even if they are a bit creepy . Not an easy task for a writer to pull off . The margin of error is very thin .
Aside from being an unsatisfying reading experience to render a protagonist a completely irredeemable villain , it also removes any complicity for the reader , who does n't need to question whether they share any traits with the character because they have been depicted in such hideous terms , and it paints the world in a black-and-white , fairy-tale moral palette . But when I was writing Loner , I was n't trying that hard in my early drafts to make David all that sympathetic , in part because I worried it would come off as excusing their attitudes and actions .
As I was in the midst of debating my editor about this , I heard the TV writer and producer Norman Lear on Marc Maron 's WTF podcast , discussing the time in World War II when they and their fellow soldiers were going to see Frank Sinatra sing . They were resentful of Sinatra 's fame and wealth and theirs having gotten out of serving in the war . Before the performance , [ actor ] Phil Silvers came out to introduce Sinatra , but before they did so , they told a guy who was sweeping up nearby to come over , and picked on them and slapped them around . When the abused G.I . turned around , it was revealed that it was Sinatra himself . Lear pointed out that the skit had created so much empathy among the soldiers for Sinatra that they overturned their bias against him , and said they learned that “ if you 're going to fool with an Archie Bunker , put them in a position that creates some empathy . ”
So I added a few moments that create readerly empathy for David , more so at the beginning of the novel , when he 's unsure of themselves and trying to find their footing in a new environment , a situation anyone can identify with .
Would you say that David eventually gets theirs just due ?
Yes and no . Emotionally speaking , at least , they get what they deserve . Without giving the ending away , greed is behind most of David 's problems : if they would only be satisfied with everything they already have , much of which they did n't earn himself , he 'd be fine . Their punishments are entirely the product of their avarice .
Stranger Things season two wo n't arrive on Netflix for a few months but the show 's creators have already begun looking at its end game .
In a new interview , the Duffer Brothers confirmed a third season has been given the go ahead and they want to finish the show with season four .
Advertisement
“ We 're thinking it will be a four-season thing and then out , ” Ross Duffer told Vulture . They would n't get more detailed than that , of course , since audiences have n't even seen season two yet . But there was a hint that the show 's general structure—set in Hawkins , dealing with the Upside Down—would likely be changed .
“ I do n't know if we can justify something bad happening to them once a year , ” Duffer added . They also teased that the kids may even leave the town at some point .
Those are some very broad generalizations but that 's fine with season two still a mystery . The best news here is that Stranger Things will be back for another season , at least , after this one and that the Brothers are looking at the story as a connected whole . It 'll have a set , satisfying ending .
Advertisement
Netflix has yet to comment publicly on the Duffer 's statements . We 've reached out to them for comment and will update this story if that happens .
Stranger Things season two starts October 27 .
[ Vulture ]
The NRL has released the fixtures for the final six rounds of the 2015 NRL Telstra Premiership season , with a number of blockbuster clashes in the run to the finals .
With places in the top eight still very much up for grabs , rugby league fans will be treated to some spectacular matches as every club battles to stay in the hunt for the Provan-Summons trophy .
See the full 2015 NRL Telstra Premiership draw
Thursday night football to return
In Round 21 , premiership heavyweights the Roosters and Bulldogs will clash at Allianz Stadium in a Friday Night Footy blockbuster , while across town on the same night Wests Tigers host Melbourne Storm at Leichhardt Oval .
In Round 22 , the Sharks and Cowboys will resume hostilities at Remondis Stadium on Saturday evening after Cronulla ended North Queensland 's 11-game unbeaten run in Round 16 .
The Broncos will host the Bulldogs and the Dragons at Suncorp Stadium on consecutive Friday nights in Rounds 22 and 23 .
Thursday night football returns in Round 23 when the Cowboys put their premiership credentials to the test , hosting reigning premiers South Sydney in Townsville on August 13 . The following Thursday , August 20 , sees the Dragons take on the Panthers at WIN Stadium .
All eyes will be on ANZ Stadium on Friday , August 21 as the Rabbitohs and Bulldogs face each other for the first time since their Good Friday thriller .
The Broncos visit Allianz Stadium twice in two weeks , playing the Roosters in Round 24 on Saturday , August 22 at 7.30pm , and then the Rabbitohs in Round 25 on Thursday , August 27 . Also that weekend , the Storm and Cowboys meet at AAMI Park , with Origin teammates to turn opposition .
The Raiders and Panthers close Round 25 with a Monday Night Football clash in Canberra that could decide a top eight spot .
The regular season will come to a spectacular end , with a number of massive contests set to give fans an early glimpse of finals football .
The Broncos and Storm kick off Round 26 at Suncorp Stadium on Thursday night , while the Warriors will be out to ensure they return to the finals when they travel to ANZ Stadium to face the Bulldogs in the last game of the season on Sunday , September 6 at 6.30pm .
Traditional rivals the Roosters and Rabbitohs will finish their regular seasons at Allianz Stadium on Friday , September 4 in a contest sure to have finals implications , while the Sharks and Sea Eagles will be live on Channel Nine 's Sunday Football for the last live free-to-air game of the regular season .
Use the NRL.com Ladder Predictor to see who you think will make the 2015 NRL Finals
See the full 2015 NRL Telstra Premiership draw
AQHA Media
“ I remember in the good ol ' days , rodeo was an open-range competition . The eastern side of the Navajo Nation would put its best cowboy up against the best cowboy on the western side , and that is how the competition started . Today , rodeo is a professional sport and really a business for many Native Americans , ” LA Williams says .
LA was raised on a Navajo reservation near Holbrook , Arizona , and says during their childhood in the 1970s , rodeo , horses , cattle and sheep were how their family made their living .
“ We not only used horses for rodeo , but they were often our means of transportation , ” they say . “ Horses bring back memories of home for me , and I think the same is true for many other Native Americans . Regardless of their age , tribe or upbringing , horses are special to Native Americans . They are part of our heritage and not a new trend for our culture . ”
While LA was actively competing , they won their fair share in the rodeo arena barrel racing and was one of the first Native American women to compete in the roping events . Although they occasionally team ropes with their nephews for fun , these days they stay involved with the sport through their career as a bilingual sportscaster who brings the sport of rodeo to the Navajo Nation and beyond .
“ I have interviewed many of the Navajo rodeo athletes , and all of those athletes who are winning are living and breathing rodeo every single day , ” they say . “ You ca n't just pick up a rope and say , ‘ I think I might win today . ' Rodeo is much more intense than that . You have to have the best horses and you have to meet them more than halfway as far as your athletic training . The sport of rodeo is just going to continue to grow and improve , and we will see more and more Native American athletes competing at the national level . ”
To learn more about some of the rodeo competitors LA has interviewed , do n't miss the October issue of America 's Horse where freelance writer Lindsay Keller talks with Native American athletes Kassidy Denison , Aaron Tsinigine , Dustin Bird and Derrick Begay about horses , rodeo and their heritage .
America 's Horse is AQHA 's exclusive member magazine , delivered in print and digitally 10 times a year to keep members informed , entertained and in touch with their Association .
Other highlights from the October America 's Horse include :
• Celebrate the National Park Service 's 100th anniversary by planning a “ dream vacation ” trail ride .
• Meet Julie Chapman , the Steel Dust Award-winning artist featured in the America 's Horse in Art Show & Sale .
• Have you ever seen horses and riders going through a Dairy Queen drive-through ? It 's not an uncommon sight in Amarillo .
• Sage Remarks is a regular end-of-the-book feature with witty and wise quotations that are perfect for posting on the refrigerator or tack room door .
• Another regular staple , Hitching Posts , is a compilation of the best Quarter Horse-related posts on social media .
To learn more about America 's Horse or to join AQHA so you wo n't miss another issue , go to www.aqha.com/americashorse .
Rapper 50 Cent said Tuesday that they turned down a $ 500,000 offer from President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE to stump for them on the campaign trail .
The musician and TV producer , whose real name is Curtis Jackson , said during an interview on radio station Hot 97 that the president tried to recruit them to make an appearance and appeal to black voters .
`` Before they got elected , they were having issues with the African-American vote , '' Jackson said . `` They wanted to pay me $ 500,000 as part of the campaign just to make an appearance . I was like , 'Nah , that 's not good money . ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In the 2016 presidential election , Trump won only 8 percent of black voters , the lowest in decades . A new poll released Wednesday showed that 94 percent of African-Americans disapprove of Trump 's handling of race relations as president .
Jackson discussed Trump 's behavior with the show 's co-hosts , saying it will be difficult not to take shots at the president on their new Comedy Central show , “ 50 Central . ”
“ His presidency is an accident , ” Jackson said . “ If you were a president by accident , you might do some of the things Donald Trump is doing . ”
Image caption HIV still carries a stigma in South Africa 's townships
`` Today I will start with a three-part sermon on : Jesus was HIV-positive , '' South African Pastor Xola Skosana recently said in a Sunday church service .
The best gift we can give to people who are HIV-positive is to help de-stigmatise Aids Pastor Xola Skosana Zuma reveals they are HIV-negativeSA vows to treat babies with HIV
The words initially stunned their congregation in Cape Town 's Khayelitsha township into silence , and then set tongues wagging in churches across the country .
Some Christians have been outraged , saying they are portraying Jesus as sexually promiscuous .
HIV is mainly transmitted through sex , but can also be spread through needle-sharing , contaminated blood , pregnancy and breastfeeding .
However , as Pastor Skosana told those gathered in the modest Luhlaza High School hall for their weekly services , in many parts of the Bible Jesus put themselves in the position of the destitute , the sick and the marginalised .
`` Wherever you open the scriptures Jesus puts themselves in the shoes of people who experience brokenness . Isaiah 53 , for example , clearly paints a picture of Jesus who takes upon themselves the infirmities and the brokenness of humanity , '' they told the BBC .
They are also quick to emphasise that they are using the metaphor to highlight the danger of the HIV/Aids pandemic , which still carries a stigma in South Africa 's townships .
`` Of course , there 's no scientific evidence that Jesus had the HI virus in their bloodstream , '' says the pastor , whose non-denominational Hope for Life Ministry is part of a growing charismatic movement in South Africa .
`` The best gift we can give to people who are HIV-positive is to help de-stigmatise Aids and create an environment where they know God is not against them , he 's not ashamed of them . ''
'Mock Christ '
Image caption There is often reluctance to find out one 's HIV status
But Pastor Mike Bele , who officiates at the Nomzamo Baptist Church in nearby Gugulethu , said most clergy in Khayelitsha and other Cape Town townships are strongly opposed to associating Jesus with HIV .
`` The subject of my Jesus being HIV-positive is a scathing matter , '' they say .
`` I believe no anointed leader with a sound mind about the scriptures and the role of Christ in our lives would deliberately drag the name of Christ to the ground . ''
For Pastor Bele portraying Jesus as HIV-positive means they become part of the problem , not the solution .
`` The pastor needs to explain how it came about for them to bring Christ to our level , when Christ is supreme and is God , '' they say .
Pastor Skosana has fortunately got the country talking Siyabulela Gidi
`` There is a concern that non-believers would mock Christ and try to generalise Christ as opposed to the powerful force we believe them to be . ''
But Pastor Skosana , who has been in the ministry for 24 years and lost two sisters to Aids , argues that religious leaders have to play a much bigger role in combating the spread of the pandemic in South Africa where more than 5.7 million people live with the virus - more than in any other country .
And they concluded the last of their three-part sermon by taking an HIV test in front of the congregation - after which 100 churchgoers followed their example .
`` The message to the church is that it is not enough for us to give people food privately and give them groceries , we must create an environment that 's empowering because most people who are HIV-positive will not necessarily die of Aids-related sickness but more of a broken heart , out of rejection , '' they say .
'Fear and ignorance '
Amid the controversy , Reverend Siyabulela Gidi , the director of South African Council of Churches in the Western Cape , has come out in support of Pastor Skosana , saying their standpoint is theologically correct .
HIV in South Africa 5.7m carry Aids virus
18 % of those aged 15 to 49 HIV-positive
460,000 receiving ARVs ( estimated in 2008 )
350 000 deaths due to Aids ( estimated in 2007 )
1.4m Aids orphans Source : UNAids/WHO/Unicef epidemiological fact sheet , 2008
`` What Pastor Skosana is clearly saying is that Christ at this point in time would be on the side of the people who are HIV-positive - people who are being sidelined by the very church that is attacking him , '' the Anglican priest says .
`` Pastor Skosana has fortunately got the country talking , he 's got the world talking and that is what theology is all about . ''
Outside religious circles , Pastor Skosana has also received support from Aids activists .
`` The pastor 's sermon takes away the stigma that HIV is a sin and that it 's God 's punishment , '' says Vuyiseka Dubula , general secretary of the powerful Aids lobby group Treatment Action Campaign .
`` To associate Jesus with HIV is powerful , particularly for those who go to church . Now people are starting to think : 'If Jesus could be HIV-positive who am I not to have it even if I go to church ? ' ''
Jan Glazewski , a professor of marine and environmental law at the University of Cape Town who has been HIV-positive for 25 years , wrote in a letter to the Cape Times newspaper that they identified with the idea that God was on the side of the poor and marginalised .
Image caption South African townships have been the worst affected by the HIV pandemic
`` The pastor 's metaphor gives strength to us all , '' they said .
`` In aligning Jesus to HIV , their sermon has prompted an outcry as well as expressions of anger .
`` This is because of fear and ignorance . ''
It is this fight against fear and ignorance that Pastor Skosana is determined to continue .
`` The more we talk about it in our pulpits , the more we ask people to test voluntarily in the church the better .
`` One of the most powerful things we can do as a church right now is to say Jesus was and is HIV-positive . ''
BBC News website readers from around the world have been sending their reaction to this story . Here is a selection of their comments :
Jesus came to identify with people in their brokenness and need . It is a good thing to try and bring HIV/AIDS into the open and remove the stigma . Christians who are living with the virus need the support of their brothers and sisters in Christ . All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God - not just those with HIV/AIDS - and all need the grace of God which can transform their lives . Bev Bhaskare , Johannesburg , South Africa
This pastor has lost touch with moral goodness . Of all the very relevant and appealing examples , it remains incomprehensible to me why they chose to take this route . I do n't wish to judge a servant of God but this metaphor leaves a sour taste . Otsile Oscar Motswagole , Gaborone , Botswana
I wholly applaud what Pastor Skosana is trying to do . For those who like everything neat , literal and sanitised , then their message will be a problem . However the gospel is all about God coming down utterly to our level so that They may lift us up to His . Jesus would never disassociate themselves from anyone with HIV , just as They bodily embraced those with leprosy . However , those who are indignant should worry that Christ may disassociate themselves with them ! Peace on Pastor Skosana . Rev Richard Sherlock , Woking , UK
I do n't really feel that portraying Christ as HIV-positive is the right approach to de-stigmatising the virus . They are not just a person but a divine being . People should try and respect that fact and stop politicising religion . Jude Ejike , Port Harcourt , Nigeria
I quite agree with Pastor Skosana . Yes Jesus took all our sins on himself , for it is our wounds that they bore ( Isaiah ) . They became human to identify with sinners , the marginalised and the despised of the world in order to liberate us . This image of an HIV Jesus is most appropriate - we should all identify with our HIV sisters and brothers to help them lift up their heads and believe in love and life . Bernard Mallia , Rumbek , South Sudan
As a Christian living in America , I 'm reluctant to comment too much on what resonates with Christians in other cultures , but I 'm hesitant to affirm this pastor 's metaphor . Yes , Jesus ministered to the sick and cared for the downtrodden , but that was NOT their ministry , nor was they on the `` side '' of the HIV-positive , as if those who are HIV-negative are spurned by Jesus . Jesus ' point was to set an example for Christians living today . We are to reach out to the `` HIV-positive '' of the world , regardless of whether or not we actually have the virus . Lucas , Chicago , US
Exciting stuff - maybe this will help people at least to talk about it . I live in east Africa , and I can see that bringing the Church into the issue of AIDS has helped whole nations deal with HIV in an amazing way . If South African Christians will also embrace the HIV-reality as much as they embrace Jesus , then we will see those figures of how many are HIV-positive decline to a tenth of what they are now , just as they did in Uganda . Antony Elliott , Kigali , Rwanda
They were bruised for our transgressions . Jesus is portrayed as the bearer of man 's suffering , and this includes modern-day ills , such as HIV . The direct connection may rub some people the wrong way , but the message is that they care for us all . Eric , Nairobi , Kenya
Even though the technology is starting to look a little behind the times in these days of ProMotion screens and OLED smartwatches , I still really like E Ink . There 's nothing quite like it for outdoor visibility , and even away from sunlight there 's something to be said for a display that does n't suck much power or blast light in your face .
It would seem natural , then , to want a way of applying these benefits to smartphones . The YotaPhone , an Android phone with a secondary display on the back , is the most advanced example of this so far , and there have been a few efforts to develop iPhone cases with similar functionality — a company called Popslate recently shut down after hitting problems with its latest model .
This leaves Oaxis as the most prominent company iterating on the idea today , and I 've been testing its latest product , the InkCase i7 Plus . It 's an iPhone 7 Plus case with a 5.2-inch E Ink screen that can be used to display widgets , ebooks , photos , and so on . As far as I 'm aware , this is the largest E Ink screen in a product like this yet , so I was looking forward to testing it out . Would it stop me needing to take my Kindle to the beach ?
On the plus side , the screen looks great . It takes up most of the back panel , which means that the very least it can do for you is offer a completely customizable case that you can switch up every day . The picture you see on the case above is one I recently took in Taiwan , for example . Oaxis has also considerably shrunk the InkCase logo down from the oversized one seen on the regular iPhone 7 model , which goes a long way to making the case more palatable .
Unfortunately , the InkCase itself is still pretty bulky , and I do n't find it very comfortable to hold . The back panel 's sharp raised edges are presumably designed to protect the E Ink screen when resting on a surface , but the rubberized material just feels cheap . The case also makes it pretty much impossible to access the iPhone 's mute switch , and the power button is the worst button I 've used in a long time — it 's stiff , unresponsive , and super thin , so you have to press your fingernail in for a few seconds each time in the hope it 'll actually work .
You 'd have to really be okay with the tradeoffs
I should say right away that I usually do n't use cases on my phones at all , so the InkCase 's bulkiness will seem a little more pronounced to me . If you 're used to using cases that focus on protection , the InkCase probably wo n't seem that big at all , and you can of course get a lot of extra functionality out of it . But for me , something like this would need to go a little further to justify its extra size , weight , and inconvenience .
And there are lots of little inconveniences . The InkCase communicates with the iPhone over Bluetooth and charges using a fiddly proprietary magnetic connector , which is unfortunate ( though the battery is yet to run out after a week of use ) . You can sync ebooks , news articles , and items from your Pocket queue over to the case , but the iOS app is poorly designed and requires a lot of fiddling to get things to happen . And once you do get files onto the case , reading them is n't as comfortable as it ought to be — you have to use pokey capacitive buttons below the screen , which means you ca n't easily turn pages when holding the phone in one hand . The E Ink panel itself is n't touch-sensitive , making it extremely tedious to scroll through long lists with the buttons .
Still , if I were fine with the other compromises inherent to using a case of this size , I might use the reading functionality to save battery on a sunny day sometime . And as protective cases go , it 's pretty cool to have one that can change up its look every day . But at an early-bird Kickstarter price of $ 99 or $ 159 normally , you 'd have to really be okay with the tradeoffs to make the InkCase i7 Plus worth it .
Memo to Wall Street interns : go home and get some sleep . But , you know , not too much .
Goldman Sachs told its summer interns — all 2,900 of them — when they started their gigs this summer that they ca n't be in the office between midnight and 7 a.m. , Reuters first reported .
The 17-hour work day restriction is an attempt by the banking giants to curb some of their junior staffers ' long and grueling hours . One young banker told Atlantic writer Kevin Roose last year that the “ banker 9 to 5 ” is 9 a.m. until 5 a.m. the next day . And 22-year-old Sarvshreshth Gupta complained to their father about regular 100 hour work weeks before they died earlier this year .
The efforts to ease up conditions on its staffers began after Moritz Erhardt , a 21 year-old intern at Bank of America Merrill Lynch , died of an epileptic seizure in 2013 after working 72 hours .
Earlier this year , Bank of America told its staffers that they 'll be required to take a minimum of four weekends off per month . Goldman Sachs has also encouraged its staffers not to work on weekends , and began offering analysts full-time contracts instead of two-year contracts to relieve some of the pressure .
There were dozens of fascinating components to the Cotton Bowl between Baylor and Michigan State , not least of them the touchdown scored by LaQuan McGowan , an offensive guard billed as 6 ' 7 , 410 pounds .
via ESPN
McGowan , a massive human being , is not the kind of guy teams have traditionally used for running in space . But in the wake of their stunning receiving success , he 's officially listed as a tight end as of this spring .
Baylor was already making innovative use of big tight ends by moving another OL to TE in 2013 , the 6 ' 6 , 270-pound Tre'Von Armstead , now a co-starter with McGowan . As big as Armstead was , though , this represents an increase of 140 pounds .
Art Briles has benefitted from recruiting players to fit specific roles in their offensive machine , choosing players on the outside for their ability to blaze and players on the inside for their ability to maul .
With their huge frames , McGowan and Armstead had obvious promise for Baylor 's veer-inspired run game as OLs . Briles referred to McGowan as `` 2034 , '' believing that by that year it 'll be common for linemen to be this massive . But when the coaches observed McGowan playing catch with the QBs before practice , snagging bullets with a single paw , they realized that with some imagination they might be able to offer the offense something at a different position .
LaQuan McGowan showing off their receiving skills during warm ups # SpringBU A video posted by @ bufootball on Mar 24 , 2015 at 1:20pm PDT
So how can Baylor use this bear-sized Bear in Briles ' unique offense ?
As a run bludgeon
Part of the difficulty in defending Baylor is the way it isolates opponents both in space and in tight confines . The Bears are at the forefront of spread-I tactics that combine spread formations , two-back run plays , and vertical passing to create stress all over .
In the middle , you have six blockers packed in front of the QB and RB . But the receivers are all outside the hash marks . The amount of space between the receivers and the run game personnel is considerable .
And the receivers are track stars who look to run past the coverage on every snap , so you have vertical stress as well . Defenders have to worry about keeping receivers in front while also getting hats to the ball in that middle cluster .
The defense 's common response ? Spreading out its defensive backs and deploying linebackers fast enough to watch the pass while chasing the run .
In anticipation of smaller defenders , Briles can unleash McGowan at H-back .
It 's hard enough for spread teams to handle vertical routes from a three-receiver set in a spread-I formation , but when the mobile bludgeon is 410 pounds ? Game changer . Baylor has a variety of ways to use the TE/H-back in its run game . Here 's an example of Armstead ( right behind the Baylor OL ) using their 270 pounds to pancake a TCU defensive end on a zone slice :
The weak safety is in a hopeless situation . Get downhill to help to stop the run or help double the WR ? Since Bryce Petty also has the option to throw a fade route ( which they take ) , the safety is in no position to help . Six points .
Baylor does n't just pack that mega-back on the line or in the backfield . Baylor will also spread McGowan wide to have them hammer helpless defensive backs trying to make tackles on screen passes . Corners do n't enjoy blocks by 210-pound receivers , let alone someone almost twice that size .
As a mobile shield
McGowan brings a ton to Baylor 's pass protections .
For instance , in those spread-I sets , when Baylor wants to play max ( seven-man ) protection and send three receivers on vertical option routes :
Petty focuses on a high-low read to the field side ( the right , in this case ) .
With the offensive line sliding to the left tackle 's side and then filling in the right with McGowan plus an RB , there 's no soft spot for the defense to attack .
Vertical and option routes , which take time to develop , are important in Baylor 's offense . Having the ability to build an unscalable fence around the QB is a huge boon .
As a situational receiver
This is where fans and pundits get most excited . The vision of a 410-pound man running free and dragging would-be tacklers into the end zone is a fun one to picture , but not one Baylor fans are likely to see very often .
Generally what happens when a large person is running is that someone takes them out at the legs and those 400 pounds combine with gravity . And it 's not that difficult for a responsible defender to keep a former offensive lineman from getting open , no matter how quick the big man is for theirs size .
However , he 'll still gain yards . McGowan 's hands suggest they could be a valuable third down and red zone target . They could post up defenders like a basketball center and use their frame to bring in passes , then drag defenders past the sticks .
In Baylor 's red zone game , the TE play-option pass is already a devastating weapon . One of the Bears ' favorite tricks is to use a Patriots-type unbalanced line that makes it easy for the TE to become a forgotten receiver :
Even without the trickery , the defender in charge of covering the tight end on pop plays has little time to make a decision . With McGowan now on the field , that defender 's well-being might be on the line . If that defender wants to blow up the block , he 'd better come hard and low . But if it 's a pass ? Doing so will mean McGowan can slip by for an easy first down .
These moments might not be a regular feature , but when they happen , they should be enjoyable .
Once again , Briles ' ability to parse the game down to assignments and spot the players that have the best skills for those assignments is pushing the game forward . As we all know , anything that leads to more fat man touchdowns is progress .
SB Nation presents : The official way-too-early 2015 college football top 10
Introduction
Coming this summer , Windows 10 Anniversary Update will be more or less a Windows 10 v2.0 .
With it comes a lot of new things for the Windows app development , and a lot of new features and fixes for Compiled Binding .
Today we 'll see what those new features are and how to use them .
If you want to try them out yourself , you 'll need a Windows Insider build of Windows 10 with its Windows SDK and create a UWP project targeting a min version at least equals to Build 14383 . Do not install it on your main work station , it will break any non-Anniversary Update apps .
For this post , we 'll use Windows 10 Build 14383 ( available on Fast Ring ) with Visual Studio 2015 Update 3 .
The Windows SDK for Build 14383 can be found here : https : //insider.windows.com/
Function binding
Previously , it was possible to directly bind events to methods which followed specific rules regarding their parameters , but we were unable to bind the result of a method to a property without a converter which was calling the method for us .
Now , it 's possible to bind methods directly to properties without the need for a converter ! You can provide whatever method you like as long as it has a public accessor and you provide the parameters .
MainPage.xaml.cs
public sealed partial class MainPage : Page { public MainPage ( ) { this .InitializeComponent ( ) ; } public string GetHelloWorld ( ) { return `` Hello World '' ; } public Person Roberts = new Person ( ) { Firstname = `` Dread Pirate '' , Lastname = `` Roberts '' } ; }
Person.cs
public class Person { public string Firstname { get ; set ; } public string Lastname { get ; set ; } public string GetFullname ( ) { return $ `` { Firstname } { Lastname } '' ; } }
MainPage.xaml
< TextBlock Text = `` { x : Bind GetHelloWorld ( ) } '' / > < TextBlock Text = `` { x : Bind Roberts.GetFullname ( ) } '' / >
The method can have parameters .
You can provide them by setting constants in the XAML or by using data from your ViewModel .
MainPage.xaml.cs
public sealed partial class MainPage : Page { public MainPage ( ) { this .InitializeComponent ( ) ; } public DateTime Today = DateTime.Now ; public Person Someone = new Person ( ) { Firstname = `` Some '' , Lastname = `` One '' } ; public string GetPersonFullname ( Person person ) { return person.GetFullname ( ) ; } }
MainPage.xaml
< TextBlock Text = `` { x : Bind Today.ToString ( 'd ' , { x : Null } ) } '' / > < TextBlock Text = `` { x : Bind GetPersonFullname ( Someone ) } '' / >
Does the binding is automatically updated when the data is updated ?
Well , it is said to work if you set the Mode of the compiled binding to OneWay/TwoWay ( because x : Bind is OneTime by default ) but was n't able to compile it under VS2015 .
A few not really understandable compile errors appeared when used TwoWay binding .
Along that , you may notice some errors appearing in the Error list when using parameters inside your binded functions stating `` A value does not fall within the expected range '' . It 's a bug of VS2015 , but it compiles and runs fine anyway .
Dictionary indexers
As part of supporting most use cases without the need for a converter , x : Bind now supports access to a specific key in a dictionary .
MainPage.xaml.cs
public sealed partial class MainPage : Page { public MainPage ( ) { this .InitializeComponent ( ) ; } public Dictionary < string , string > Dictionary = new Dictionary < string , string > ( ) { { `` A '' , `` Alpha '' } , { `` B '' , `` Beta '' } , { `` C '' , `` Charlie '' } , } ; }
MainPage.xaml
< TextBlock Text = `` { x : Bind Dictionary [ ' A ' ] } '' / > < TextBlock Text = `` { x : Bind Dictionary [ ' B ' ] } '' / > < TextBlock Text = `` { x : Bind Dictionary [ ' C ' ] } '' / >
It works great but there is a big shortcoming : You can only use constant strings directly set in the XAML .
Using anything else than a string , like an integer , will result in a compile error .
Even string data from your ViewModel wo n't work .
Explicit value cast
Contrary to classic Databinding which uses duck typing to check if the binding is valid , compiled binding checks at compile time that the given data matches the property to which it is binded to .
In other words , if the value you 're trying to bind has no implicit cast to the type of the property , you ca n't bind it using x : Bind without a converter .
Even if the value 's type declares an explicit cast .
As of the Anniversary Update , you will be able to declare an explicit cast inside a compiled binding , C # -style .
MainPage.xaml.cs
public sealed partial class MainPage : Page { public MainPage ( ) { this .InitializeComponent ( ) ; } public bool ? IsThreeStateNull = null ; }
MainPage.xaml
< CheckBox Content = `` IsThreeState = False '' IsThreeState = `` { x : Bind ( x : Boolean ) IsThreeStateNull } '' / >
When casting explicitly , you 'll need to refer to the class type by its XAML namespace .
In this case , Boolean is part of the `` x : '' namespace declaration .
Implicit Visibility conversion
Who do n't know the legendary BooleanToVisibilityConverter ?
Everyone , since the first time WPF came around , implemented it over and over in every project .
x : Bind no longer requires that , it now converts booleans to Visibility by itself ! Hurray !
You just need to bind a boolean to a property like Visibility .
MainPage.xaml.cs
public sealed partial class MainPage : Page { public MainPage ( ) { this .InitializeComponent ( ) ; } public bool IsVisibleFalse = false ; public bool IsVisibleTrue = true ; }
MainPage.xaml
< TextBlock Text = `` I 'm not visible ! '' Visibility = `` { x : Bind IsVisibleFalse } '' / > < TextBlock Text = `` I 'm visible ! '' Visibility = `` { x : Bind IsVisibleTrue } '' / >
Credits
The original post can be found here .
Sample Project
You can find a sample project on GitHub regrouping all the examples we saw in this post : http : //github.com/TimLariviere/CompiledBinding-AnniversarySample
With guest host John Donvan .
P.W . Singer and August Cole imagine World War III in a new novel where the battlefront goes deeply cyber .
In this file photo , a South Korean student looks at a picture , which shows how the cyber warfare is going to be waged in the future in the Korean Peninsula if Korean War takes place , at Korea War Memorial Museum in Seoul , South Korea , Tuesday , Dec. 23 , 2014 . ( AP )
It 's the classic lament of military historians . That armies are always training to fight the last war , when they should be figuring out what war will look like next time . Well , if that 's the case , a book called called “ Ghost Fleet ” may be the remedy . So vividly does it depict the shape of World War III — and how technologies that are part of our world already from wearable technology to driverless cars to Walmart 's cutting distribution system -- may hold the keys to victory or defeat . It 's a novel by the way — fiction — but not really . That 's why it 's the novel everyone in the Pentagon is talking about . This hour On Point : “ Ghost Fleet ” and the face of warfare in the not so distant future .
-- John Donvan
Guests
Peter Singer , co-author , with August Cole , of `` Ghost Fleet : A Novel of the Next World War . '' Strategist and senior fellow at the New America Foundation . Also author of `` Cybersecurity and Cyberwar '' and `` Wired for War . '' ( @ peterwsinger )
August Cole , co-author , with Peter Singer , of `` Ghost Fleet : A Novel of the Next World War . '' Senior fellow at the Brent Snowcroft Center on International Security at the Atlantic Council , where they are also director of the Art of Future War project . ( @ august_cole )
Andy Greenberg , senior writer at WIRED and author of 'This Machine Kills Secrets . '' ( @ a_greenberg )
From The Reading List
The Atlantic : How to Write About World War III -- `` For all of the focus among today 's policymakers on terrorism and insurgencies in the Middle East—a focus that also dominates the fiction section of the thriller genre—we believe the geopolitics of the 21st century will be shaped by a brewing cold war between the United States and an ascendant China along with its junior partner ( who does n't yet realize it ) , Russia . ''
The Wall Street Journal : Author Warns U.S. Military to Focus on China -- `` Peter Singer , one of Washington 's pre-eminent futurists , is walking the Pentagon halls with an ominous warning for America 's military leaders : World War III with China is coming . In meeting after meeting with anyone who will listen , this modern-day soothsayer wearing a skinny tie says America 's most advanced fighter jets might be blown from the sky by their Chinese-made microchips and Chinese hackers easily could worm their way into the military 's secretive intelligence service , and the Chinese Army may one day occupy Hawaii . ''
WIRED : This Gadget Hacks GM Cars to Locate , Unlock , and Start Them — `` GM 's Onstar service offers some of the most futuristic features on any connected car , including the ability to locate the vehicle , unlock it , and even start its ignition—all from a smartphone app . But if a hacker like Samy Kamkar has hidden a small , $ 100 box anywhere on your Onstar-equipped car or truck , those same conveniences could fall into unintended hands . ''
Read An Excerpt Of `` Ghost Fleet '' By Peter Singer and August Cole
https : //www.scribd.com/doc/273166269/Excerpt-From-Ghost-Fleet-By-PW-Singer-and-August-Cole
Magic is a very complex and highly structured game . Playing exactly how the rules are laid out would be both extremely difficult and highly time consuming . If every game was played exactly as spelled out in the Comprehensive Rules , no tournament match would ever finish in time .
What is a Tournament Shortcut ?
A tournament shortcut is what players use to navigate the course of a game of Magic without having to play like robots . Shortcuts are a way to communicate a desired goal , then bypass all the superfluous actions leading to that goal . Shortcuts save time and allow people to play Magic organically .
Later , we 'll go over some of the types of tournament shortcuts and how to use them effectively . First , let 's see what the Magic Tournament Rules ( MTR ) has to say about them !
4.2 Tournament Shortcuts A tournament shortcut is an action taken by players to skip parts of the technical play sequence without explicitly announcing them . Tournament shortcuts are essential for the smooth play of a game , as they allow players to play in a clear fashion without getting bogged down in the minutia of the rules . Most tournament shortcuts involve skipping one or more priority passes to the mutual understanding of all players ; if a player wishes to demonstrate or use a new tournament shortcut entailing any number of priority passes , they or they must be clear where the game state will end up as part of the request . A player may interrupt a tournament shortcut by explaining how they or they are deviating from it or at which point in the middle they or they wish to take an action . A player may interrupt their or their own shortcut in this manner . A player is not allowed to use a previously undeclared tournament shortcut , or to modify an in-use tournament shortcut without announcing the modification , in order to create ambiguity in the game . A player may not request priority and take no action with it . If a player decides they or they do not wish to do anything , the request is nullified and priority is returned to the player that originally had it .
Shortcuts codify what a vast majority of players do on a routine basis .
They are meant to improve clarity within the game , not cause confusion or obfuscate play . If a player does n't understand the sequence of events leading to a desired end state , then a shortcut can not be used .
For example , a dredge player who is about to trade creatures in combat with a Bridge from Below in their graveyard will often say “ I get zombies , Bridge gets exiled ” which has been found to occasionally confuse players . When this happens we usually try to go back and explain what happens one step at a time so everyone understands , effectively nullifying the shortcut .
Players CAN create their own shortcuts ( more on this later ) .
Shortcuts CAN be changed over the course of the game , but require communication of intent by the players requesting the change .
Shortcuts CAN NOT be used to “ force ” a player to take an action they do n't want to take , or otherwise press the course of a game beyond a point where a player expects to be able to take action .
With this we can already establish a few guidelines about shortcuts :
How are tournament shortcuts used ?
MTR 4.2 has a list of conventional tournament shortcuts which are recognized as “ in use ” by default :
• The statement “ Go ” ( and equivalents such as “ Your turn ” and “ Done ” ) offers to keep passing priority until an opponent has priority in the end step . Opponents are assumed to be acting then unless they specify otherwise . • A statement such as “ I 'm ready for combat ” or “ Declare attackers ? ” offers to keep passing priority until an opponent has priority in the beginning of combat step . Opponents are assumed to be acting then unless they specify otherwise . • Whenever a player adds an object to the stack , they or they are assumed to be passing priority unless they or they explicitly announce that they or they intend to retain it . If they or they add a group of objects to the stack without explicitly retaining priority and a player wishes to take an action at a point in the middle , the actions should be reversed up to that point . • “ No attacks ” or similar statements by the active player during combat offers to pass priority until an opponent has priority in the end of combat step . • If a player casts a spell or activates an ability with X in its mana cost without specifying the value of X , it is assumed to be for all mana currently available in their or their pool . • If a player casts a spell or activates an ability and announces choices for it that are not normally made until resolution , the player must adhere to those choices unless an opponent responds to that spell or ability . If an opponent inquires about choices made during resolution , that player is assumed to be passing priority and allowing that spell or ability to resolve . • A player is assumed to have paid any cost of 0 unless they or they announce otherwise . • A player who casts a spell or activates an ability that targets an object on the stack is assumed to target the legal target closest to the top of the stack unless the player specifies otherwise . • A player is assumed to be attacking another player with their or their creatures and not any planeswalkers that player may control unless the attacking player specifies otherwise . • A player who chooses a planeswalker as the target of a spell or ability that would deal damage is assumed to be targeting the planeswalker 's controller and redirecting the damage on resolution . The player must adhere to that choice unless an opponent responds . • In the Two-Headed Giant format , attacking creatures are assumed to be assigning combat damage to the defending team 's primary head , unless the creature 's controller specifies otherwise .
Note some of these shortcuts seem to contradict the earlier statement that players have to be clear where the game will end up if they want to use a shortcut – this is because some shortcuts are already understood to communicate the necessary clarity through common use cases .
If players want to use a shortcut that is n't listed here , it 's easy – they can agree on one . They demonstrate what they want to do , and where the game will end up when it 's done . If both players agree with the outcome and accept a shortcut , they can skip right to the “ end state ” of the shortcut and carry on playing from that point .
This is commonly seen with “ loop ” effects – Temur Ascendancy Combo , for example , can work itself into a board state where it 's possible to generate large quantities of mana via repeating looped actions , and then use that mana to add a large number of permanents to the battlefield via Genesis Hydra . Rather than performing all the bounce/play/untap/tap actions to generate the mana , they simply demonstrate once they can repeat the process indefinitely , keeping at least one mana more than they spend – and then state how much mana they would like to end up with , or state , “ I 'm going to keep doing this until I 've put every creature from my library into play ” .
What if there are triggered abilities that would occur in the middle of a shortcut ?
Well , they 're probably going to happen , but it 's not guaranteed . The Infraction Procedure Guide ( IPG 2.1 ) specifically states triggers are to be assumed remembered until the controller of the trigger takes some action that would demonstrate they have been missed . For example , just because the statement “ Move to combat ” offers to pass priority until the opponent has it in the Beginning of Combat step , it does n't mean the player is n't going to be able to make a token with their Goblin Rabblemaster . As long as that player puts the token into play before declaring attackers , they 've demonstrated they know the trigger exists at an appropriate time . However , if the opponent wants to act to prevent such triggers from occurring , such as making sure that Goblin Rabblemaster receives a Murderous Cut and does n't produce a token , then they 'll need to speak up and be clear about when they 're acting ( namely , during the Precombat Main Phase ) . Otherwise , we assume they 've acted specifically at the “ last moment ” and so the Goblin Rabblemaster trigger is already assumed to be on the stack .
Is it okay to make shortcuts that do things sometimes in the “ wrong ” order ?
Yes , with some caveats . Out of Order Sequencing is the policy that applies here . It says players can take a series of actions in a not-technically-correct order as long as there is a legal way to take those actions and end up at the correct game state ( MTR 4.3 ) . So , a player could create a loop effect with their Temur Ascendancy Combo , state , “ I 'm going to generate enough mana to bounce and replay Polukranos , World Eater five times , and draw five cards from Temur Ascendancy ” – that 's usually acceptable . Even though the player could n't technically have played Polukranos , World Eater with the card drawing trigger on the stack , it 's simpler to demonstrate the action is repeatable and ultimately , what they want to do is draw five cards . An opponent does n't have to accept this shortcut of course , but declining a shortcut or interrupting it at a specific point requires reasoning . It does n't have to be as clear as , “ I 'm going to Disdainful Stroke your Polukranos ” – just state “ I have effects when you do X ” .
Keep in mind , Out of Order Sequencing can NEVER be used to see hidden information earlier than it would normally be allowed ( For example , one can not perform multiple Jeskai Ascendancy “ loot ” effects at once , drawing all of the cards before discarding any ; one has to perform them one at a time , because each effect only entitles access to a single new card . )
Why is communication important ?
Players need to talk it out . Communication is a big theme in Magic ! Make sure players are clear about their actions , and if one player wants to take actions in the middle of the shortcut , then both players need to “ play it out ” rather than skipping the actions in between . Even if it 's a shortcut established for one player 's benefit , they 're allowed to take a different line of play . The default shortcuts listed above can also be bypassed in this way . The key is always
Note earlier I said shortcuts can not “ force ” players to do something they do n't want to do – I should mention because these default shortcuts exist , players are sometimes held to a line of play that follows one of these shortcuts , but this is almost always because they did n't communicate their intent to their opponent beforehand . If communication of intent does n't occur , we fall back on the default assumptions the shortcuts create . Emphasize communication and players will have a much better game of Magic !
In Review
Shortcuts are used in every game of Magic ever played . Whether they be existing shortcuts or created by the players , they enable the game to flow naturally . The rules support shortcuts for a variety of purposes , and as long as the players are communicating , they 're a great tool to improve the Magic experience !
The Bubble : Trump 's Mika tweets are distracting from health care and Russia
CLOSE The White House continued its defense of President Trump following a pair of controversial tweets about Morning Joe co-hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski , which included a widely condemned comment about the latter 's appearance . Time
Each week , USA TODAY 's OnPolitics blog takes a look at how media from the left and the right reacted to one of the week 's top political news stories , giving liberals and conservatives a peek into the other 's media bubble .
This week , President Trump managed to unite many liberal and conservatives commentators in outrage with their tweets Thursday morning attacking Morning Joe hosts Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough . In one tweet , Trump bragged of refusing a request from `` low I.Q . Crazy Mika '' and `` Psycho Joe '' to spend New Year 's Eve at Mar-a-Lago , adding , `` She was bleeding badly from a face-lift . ''
Last week : Conservative and liberal spin on the Senate health care bill
From the left AND the right : Trump 's tweets 'unbecoming of the presidency '
The conservative Weekly Standard 's Andrew Egger halfheartedly made excuses for Trump , who is a Egger said had a `` stressful week '' with China and the Republican health care plan stalling in the Senate .
`` So it 's not surprising the president took some time Thursday morning to unwind the best way they know how : by taking gratuitous Twitter potshots against people they dislike , '' Egger wrote . `` The tweets come as a gloomy reminder that no mortal is safe from the wrath of Trump 's Twitter thumbs . ''
`` I mean , this is entirely inappropriate for anyone to tweet , never mind the sitting president of the United States , '' Townhall Managing Web Editor Christine Rousselle wrote . `` It 's not funny , it 's rude , and it 's completely unbecoming of the presidency . ''
From the left , a Huffington Post article on author J.K. Rowling 's response to Trump got a lot of traction on social media . The Harry Potter creator compared Trump 's words to a quote from Abraham Lincoln . ( There is debate about the source of the quote , the Huffington Post advises . )
'Nearly all men can stand adversity , but if you want to test a man 's character , give them power . ' Abraham Lincoln pic.twitter.com/vkJnlXbnXg — J.K. Rowling ( @ jk_rowling ) June 29 , 2017
The Huffington Post also tapped into a sentiment expressed by many on social media : `` Trump 's latest stunning Twitter diatribe prompted some to recall first lady Melania Trump 's pledge to combat cyberbullying , which they first proposed during their husband 's campaign . ''
Slate 's Michelle Goldberg said the tweets revealed Trump 's true , misogynistic nature , which they have managed to hide so far during their presidency . But Trump is feeling a lot of strain Goldberg writes , and when `` you 're under pressure , it can be harder to hide your true self . And Trump 's true self is a pig . ''
From others on the right : Media can dish it out , but ca n't take it
Not all conservatives were critical of the tweets . Infowars editor Paul Joseph Watson said the reaction to Trump 's tweets was proof that `` the mainstream media '' can `` dish it out , but they ca n't take it in . ''
There 's more outrage from the left over Trump 's Mika Brzezinski tweet than the attempted massacre of Republicans earlier this month . That 's not a cliché . There genuinely is . This is the same media that has relentlessly and viciously savaged Trump over their hair , their hands and other aspects of their personal appearance for the best part of the last two years .
Watson also derided what they see as feminist hypocrisy .
`` In this era of relentless , in-your-face feminism , I thought women were supposed to be strong ? '' Watson wrote . `` Are Trump 's critics saying Mika Brzezinski ca n't take an insult & give it back ? How sexist ! ''
Watson pointed to a Vanity Fair photoshoot in which Brzezinski showed off their legs while posing on top of a desk .
Trump objectified Mika Brzezinski !
Nah , they did that to themselves years ago . pic.twitter.com/TLgCEdd97P — Paul Joseph Watson ( @ PrisonPlanet ) June 29 , 2017
Fox News host Sean Hannity tore into Scarborough the night before Trump 's Twitter rant on their show , Hannity .
`` Each and every morning , liberal Joe Scarborough , they lob baseless insults at the president , the administration , Republicans , and , by the way , real conservatives in the media , '' Hannity said . Hannity said they believe Scarborough has been `` vicious , nasty , one-sided , petulant and arrogant '' in their coverage of Trump because they want to land a job at CNN .
It seems entirely possible Trump 's Thursday tweet storm was precipitated by Hannity 's `` mini-monologue '' since the president is known to be a regular viewer of the conservative host .
From the left : 'Is this a deliberate distraction ' from heath care ?
Trump 's tweets were controversial enough to grab the country 's attention away from the Republican effort to repeal and replace Obamacare . That prompted the New Republic 's Sarah Jones to wonder : `` Is this a deliberate distraction from the fact that people are getting pulled from their wheelchairs and arrested for protesting their party 's health care plan ? ''
`` The most obvious answer is that Trump is catastrophically stupid , and obsessed with himself , and does n't actually care about health care , '' Jones concluded . `` It 's not a ploy as much as it 's a tic . ''
From the right : Media 's Russia obsession is rating driven
Conservative commentators likely felt Trump 's tweets were stealing attention from what t hey see as mounting evidence of a media conspiracy against Trump . First , there was the story CNN had to retract . Then came a study from the Media Research Center showing the amount of network news airtime devoted to Russia coverage . And then an undercover video from James O'Keefe 's Project Veritas landed that purports to show a CNN producer saying the cable news network covers Russia because of ratings .
From the left : Trump collusion could be a crime
Mother Jones ' Dan Friedman took to task conservatives who argued that even if Trump colluded with Russia , they did n't commit a crime .
Ten lawyers queried , including academics , former prosecutors , and defense attorneys familiar with federal election and hacking laws , cite more than a dozen federal statutes that prosecutors could use to charge someone who collaborated with Russian intelligence to influence the 2016 election .
Read more :
Read or Share this story : https : //usat.ly/2u4eP93
Australian scientists first detected interference in 1998 , which they assumed was from lightning strikes , but earlier this year they finally found the real culprit
The mystery behind radio signals that have baffled scientists at Australia 's most famous radio telescope for 17 years has finally been solved .
The signals ' source ? A microwave oven in the kitchen at the Parkes observatory used by staff members to heat up their lunch .
Simon Johnston , head of astrophysics at the CSIRO , the national science agency , said astronomers first detected the signals , called perytons , in 1998 . The signals “ were reasonably local , say within 5km of the telescope ” .
Originally researchers assumed the signals – which appeared only once or twice a year – were coming from the atmosphere , possibly linked to lightning strikes .
Then on 1 January this year they installed a new receiver which monitored interference , and detected strong signals at 2.4 GHz , the signature of a microwave oven .
Immediate testing of the facility microwave oven did not show up with perytons . Until , that is , they opened the oven door before it had finished heating . “ If you set it to heat and pull it open to have a look , it generates interference , ” Johnston said .
Dying star could be behind immensely powerful radio bursts 'heard ' live Read more
Astronomers generally operate the telescope remotely and do not reside at Parkes . There were , however , a number of operational staff members who maintained the facility and used the microwave oven to heat their coffee or lunch .
Johnston said the “ suspicious perytons ” were only detected during the daytime and as they now knew , not during the evening when all the staff had finished their shift .
The signals were rare because the interference only occurred when the telescope was pointed in the direction of the microwave oven . And “ when you only find a few it 's hard to pin them down ” , Johnston said .
The findings have been reported in a scientific paper .
Human interference is a common frustration for astronomers . At the Siding Spring optical observatory in northwest New South Wales , astronomers recently voiced concerns over a proposal for a new coal seam gas project , fearing it could lead to increased light pollution in the area .
Johnston said there were many things that caused interference to the Parkes radio telescope – famous for its role in the moon landing , as portrayed in the movie The Dish – including FM radio , digital televisions , mobile phones and wireless internet . “ If we tried to have an observer in Sydney the radio noise would be so terrible you 'd never see our astronomy signal , ” they said .
Johnston added that in 1967 astronomers at the Haute-Provence observatory discovered what they thought were potassium flare stars . They eventually concluded the spectroscopic observations were probably caused by matches struck in the vicinity .
The telescope was established in Parkes 50 years ago in what was “ the middle of nowhere ” , Johnston said , far away from any radio noise . But in recent years digital interference from the town was getting worse and worse .
The telescope that beamed the moonwalk now faces a budget blackhole Read more
However a new telescope in Western Australia called Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder ( ASKAP ) was being built in what Johnston called “ the quietest site on earth to do astronomy ” .
“ There 's no mobile phone coverage , no radio station , no Wi-Fi – it 's pristine and quiet and we can look into the universe and see things that you ca n't in Parkes . ”
Johnston said the new telescope is placed in a protected “ radio quiet zone ” . “ People ca n't just go in there with wireless internet or radios – they have to tell us and be properly licensed . This is a big step for us . ”
The telescope will be completed in 2016 .
The grounds for war have been laid . You know it and I know it . The democrats have forced republicans into a small corner and have been scratching away at their fat faces since election night . For every action , there is is reaction — basic physics .
Rep. Gaetz and a few dozen other republicans are now calling for a special prosecutor to investigate the great and many crimes of the previous administration and Hillary Clinton .
Rep. Gaetz :
“ The American public has a right to know the facts – all of them – surrounding the election and its aftermath , ” they wrote . “ We urge you to appoint a second special counsel to ensure these troubling , unanswered questions are not relegated to the dustbin of history. ” ‘ I do n't think that the crimes of the prior administration , of Hillary Clinton , the collusion with James Comey and Loretta Lynch should be forgotten just because Hillary Clinton lost the election '
Here is their 14 point request .
Allegations that former Attorney General Loretta Lynch instructed then-FBI Director James Comey to downplay the nature of the Clinton email probe The FBI and DOJ 's decisions in the course of the email probe , including controversial immunity deals with Clinton aide Cheryl Mills and others The State Department 's involvement in deciding which Clinton emails to make public Disclosures in WikiLeaks-released emails regarding the Clinton Foundation and , according to the letter , “ It 's potentially unlawful international dealings ” Connections between Clinton officials and “ foreign entities ” including Russia and Ukraine Revelations in hacked Democratic National Committee emails about “ inappropriate ” coordination between the DNC and Clinton campaign against Bernie Sanders ' Democratic primary campaign The “ unmasking ” of Americans in intelligence documents and potentially related leaks of classified information
Comey 's admitted leak of details of their conversations with President Trump The FBI 's “ reliance ” on controversial firm Fusion GPS , which was involved in the questionable anti-Trump “ dossier ” “ Our call for a special counsel is not made lightly , ” the lawmakers wrote . “ We have no interest in engendering more bad feelings and less confidence in the process or governmental institutions by the American people . Rather , our call is made on their behalf . It is meant to determine whether the criminal prosecution of any individual is warranted based on the solemn obligation to follow the facts wherever they lead and applying the law to those facts . ”
Rep. Gaetz tears into Clinton , Rice , Obama and the whole cabal — calling for an investigation into these matters .
And here is the Chair of the House Judiciary Committee , Rep. Goodlatte , discussing the hypocrisy of the left , wanting a Russian investigation but not one that pursues the truth in the sundry of apparent crimes committed by the previous administration and Hillary .
With AG Sessions under pressure to deliver , I would not be surprised to see dueling Special Counsels investigating both matters at the same time .
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin , please follow us on Twitter
[ Hands-On ] PureNexus ROM Brings Marshmallow to ADT-1
Introduction
When you talk about Android TV , most people will talk about the NVIDIA Shield TV , the premium option , or the Nexus Player , the pure Google option . Although there are devices made by Sony , Phillips , and Razer , you will hear very little about the ADT-1 . The Android Developer TV ( Mark 1 ) was originally sent out to developers to build great TV apps and make sure their apps would be compatible .
After the Nexus Player was announced , the ADT-1 fell by the wayside . It was never updated beyond Lollipop 5.0.2 . The ADT-1 was never meant to become a consumer level device . Casting was barely supported beyond a couple of Google apps . Third party apps like PocketCasts would n't recognize it as an applicable device . The gamepad included with it , although becoming the Nexus Player gamepad , was never accompanied by a remote . The gamepad had to be the primary control mechanism , and there was no microphone .
That being said , the ADT-1 was not and still is n't a terrible device . It runs well , works with practically all Android TV apps , and the gamepad is of reasonable quality . The biggest issues : being stuck on Lollipop and no cast support , are software issues .
In the Android community , old devices often can be modernized through a ROM ( read-only memory ) containing the base Android operating system . The PureNexus ROM has been compiled for the ADT-1 , allowing enthusiastic users to get the latest version of Android on that device .
In addition to getting the latest version , it adds full support for casting . The code is on GitHub for those interested in contributing . You can learn more about the project at their website .
The guide is available on XDA Developers if you 're interested . You 'll need to flash a custom recovery first , then while in recovery install the OS image and the leanback versions of Google apps . Once you reboot you 'll be all set .
Hands-On
The guide is relatively straightforward . After a few minutes , I was installing the PureNexus ROM and Google apps through TWRP . After this was done , I rebooted the device and it went into the Marshmallow boot animation , telling me I had succeeded .
Casting
Finally , there is full support for casting . I 'm no longer restricted to YouTube and a handful of apps , but rather the dozens or hundreds of cast-enabled apps and games . I was overjoyed to be able to connect PocketCasts to my TV .
PureNexus
The ROM is based on stock Android , but the group does add a handful of features that they think will be useful . You can see the included apps in the PureNexus row on the launcher , as well as two new options in the bottom row . Superuser and Kodi are popular apps in the community . There is a web browser as well which felt mediocre . It works , but it did n't feel like a great experience . It was much like other attempts to put a web browser on a TV . It 's nice to see it included as a stock application .
App Drawer and cLock
The app drawer is a relatively simple activity that shows all the actionable apps you have , not just the leanback supported ones . This is something already present in other launchers such as the HALauncher , but built-in to the system .
cLock is an app that configures things that will show up on the launcher . Ordinarily it will display the time in the top-right corner . However , now you can configure it by adding in the date and the weather . I 'm not too happy with it , so I 'll probably turn some of that off . It does n't match the Roboto Light font and aesthetic of the time . While some will find that useful , future updates should focus on design .
Modular Permissions
Permissions were a big feature of Marshmallow , and that feature is present on the ADT-1 as well . Apps download without any secondary confirmation , but when I open them , like in this weather app , I am asked to give access to my location .
Sidenote : When this dialog came up , my device appeared to freeze and stop responding . After a reboot it started responding again . I was using Vysor to view my screen , so I ca n't pinpoint exactly where the issue was from ( ADT-1 , Vysor , or laptop being slow ) , but I thought I should mention it . When I tried it a second time the permissions model worked fine .
My Inputs
The Live Channels app does not appear as a normal app , but instead appears as “ Channels ” in the newly visible “ My Inputs ” row when you download an applicable app .
Live Channels does appear to work fine , although the apps Pluto TV and Cumulus TV do not seem to work with Live Channels at this moment . Cumulus TV , an app I developed , should be fixed shortly . Pluto TV plays fine in the app , but going to the setup in Live Channels causes setup to immediately close and say no channels were added .
Other Issues
As an aside , I have noticed that whenever I 'm uploading another build of an app to my ADT-1 , it takes longer now to install and run . I 'm using USB , so it should not take that long , but a lot of time is spent in the ‘ uploading ' stage .
One app I 'm working on displays a satellite map based on your location . I can get the location through Wi-Fi pretty well , but I ca n't seem to display it on my Marshmallow ADT-1 even though it was working fine before I flashed it . After looking through some of the debug logs , I came across this error :
12-28 01:10:18.439 24685-24685/com.felkertech.n.weatherdelta I/Google Maps Android API : Google Play services client version : 8298000 12-28 01:10:18.442 24685-24685/com.felkertech.n.weatherdelta I/Google Maps Android API : Google Play services package version : 8487836 12-28 01:10:18.527 24685-24685/com.felkertech.n.weatherdelta E/Google Maps Android API : Google Maps Android API v2 only supports devices with OpenGL ES 2.0 and above
The third line , the error saying Google Maps only works on devices with OpenGL ES 2.0 and above , seems to imply that this version of the ADT-1 does not support OpenGL 2.0 . The app does not crash , but the map does not load correctly . All the other widgets and functionality work as expected , so it 's not a significant bug . However , this could also cause some games not to work correctly or not even show up in the Play Store .
One final issue , which is slightly nitpicky , is the animation speed . It seems to be 0.5x the normal animation speed by default . Although the type of people who normally flash their devices are the same type who do n't like waiting for animations to complete , the UI seems jankier than normal .
Conclusion
The ADT-1 was originally made for developers , and I think most developers are eager to get the latest version of Android on all their devices . This ROM does n't appear initially to have any major flaws . I am impressed by the group 's work thus far and will continue to keep following updates . If you have an ADT-1 , or several , lying around the house , you might consider flashing Marshmallow on it . Full casting , modular permissions , and extendable storage are all features that you 'll get . Plus there 's continued stability of Android and of Android TV .
Nick Felker is a student Electrical & Computer Engineering student at Rowan University ( C/O 2017 ) and the student IEEE webmaster . When he 's not studying , they are a software developer for the web and Android ( Felker Tech ) . They have several open source projects on GitHub ( http : //github.com/fleker ) Devices : Moto G-2013 Moto G-2015 , Moto 360 , Google ADT-1 , Nexus 7-2013 ( x2 ) , Lenovo Laptop , Custom Desktop . Although they were an intern at Google , the content of this blog is entirely independent and their own thoughts . More Posts - Website Follow Me :
Today on Fox News , Karl Rove complained about Obama 's use of executive privilege over a set of Department of Justice internal documents , calling it an “ overreach ” and saying “ I 'm not certain that that 's what the Founders thought about when they talked about executive privilege . ”
Rove conveniently forgot that the very first time Bush invoked executive privilege , it was over a set of Department of Justice internal documents .
Not only that , but executive privilege is routinely used for “ documents generated anywhere in the executive branch ” , including the Department of Justice .
Oh , and during the same appearance , Rove suggested that Obama 's assertion of executive privilege indicates that they were involved in “ Fast and Furious ” . This is patently false , since the documents covered by Obama 's assertion of executive privilege were all created after the failed operation was ended .
© Adam Zyglis
The ex-boyfriend of Maple Batalia has pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in the 2011 shooting death of the 19-year-old SFU student .
Gursimar Bedi ( left ) Gurjinder 'Gary ' Dhaliwal ( right ) in court , Thursday , March 3 , 2016 . ( Felicity Don/CBC )
Gurjinder `` Gary '' Dhaliwal made the plea on the opening day of their trial in New Westminster Supreme Court .
In an agreed statement of facts , Dhaliwal admits to firing five shots at Batalia , hitting them three times the night of Sept. 28 , 2011 in the SFU Surrey parkade . They then slashed them with a knife and left .
An autopsy revealed Batalia was cut 11 times on their head .
In a joint submission Crown and defence have asked for a sentence of life in prison with no chance of parole for 21 years .
Dhaliwal 's lawyer asked to the court to sentence their client today but the Batalia family requested sentencing be delayed until Monday so Maple 's sister can travel to Vancouver from out of country .
Co-accused Gursimar Bedi is facing charges of accessory after the fact and manslaughter . Their trial is now scheduled to begin Monday .
Dhaliwal , 24 , was originally charged with first-degree murder . Crown portrayed them as a jealous ex-boyfriend who confronted Batalia on a number of occasions , and called and texted them hundreds of times after they had broken up .
The Obama Administration thinks it 's close to signing a deal with Iran—one that will only defer , not prevent , the theocracy from reaching nuclear capacity—later this week in Geneva . While Benjamin Netanyahu has been busy denouncing the proposed deal on the Sunday morning talk shows , the administration and its allies have outflanked both the Israeli prime minister and America 's pro-Israel lobby with a very nasty public campaign of its own—one that shows where the White House 's true appetite for confrontation and conflict lies .
During a Senate briefing last week , Sec . of State John Kerry effectively called the Israelis liars : After Illinois Republican Sen. Mark Kirk observed that Jerusalem had produced intelligence explaining that the proposed U.S.-Iran deal would set Tehran 's march toward a bomb back by only 24 days , Kerry advised them to “ disbelieve everything that the Israelis had just told [ us ] . ”
Not only has the White House defined Israeli concerns as manipulative and deceptive , but they have also gone a step further , by identifying the threat to global peace as Israel 's temerity in voicing such concerns , rather than Iran 's decadelong push for a bomb . AIPAC 's push for another round of sanctions , administration officials say , will limit President Barack Obama 's diplomatic flexibility with the Iranians and set the United States on “ a march to war. ” Further congressional pressure on the Iranians , the New York Times says , is “ urged on by Netanyahu . ”
In other words , from the point of view of the administration and its surrogates in the press , if you believe sanctions—rather than good will—is what got Iran to the table in the first place and further sanctions are likely to produce a better deal than relieving pressure on Iran , then you 're a warmonger . If you believe that sanctions should not be lifted until Iran complies with U.N. Security Council resolutions and ceases all activity on its nuclear weapons program , then you 're with Netanyahu and the rest of those Israeli liars . Al-Monitor 's Laura Rozen tweeted that Mark Dubowitz , an official at the Washington-based think tank Foundation for Defense of Democracies , who has been instrumental in building support for the Iran sanctions regime in Congress , was taking their “ talking points ” from Israel . If you 're not 100 percent behind Obama , you just want to send American boys off to die for Jewish causes .
American officials apparently feel that trafficking in stereotypes about Jewish deceptiveness and appetite for blood is fair play because of the size of the stakes involved—peace and a historical reconciliation with Iran , which has been one of the collective dreams of the U.S. foreign-policy establishment for 34 years . In part , the White House 's confrontation with the pro-Israel community is clearly intentional , and another part is simply structural , the result of a larger , more comprehensive effort to downsize American power generally by withdrawing from the Middle East . Either way , it 's crunch time , and both the government of Israel and AIPAC have taken the rather unusual step of taking their differences with a U.S. president to the American public . One thing is clear : Whether or not the Iranians are courteous enough to wait for Obama to leave office before announcing they have a bomb , Obama 's legacy will be to have broken the spine of America 's pro-Israel lobby .
* * *
In a sense , the struggle between the pro-Israel community and the White House is n't really about Israel . Whether or not AIPAC 's sanctions campaign succeeds—which is to say , whether or not it gets sufficient bipartisan support from Democrats reluctant to rebel against a commander in chief in the midst of a crisis moment of their presidency prompted by the introduction of the Affordable Care Act—and whether or not some combination of AIPAC , France , Saudi Arabia , and Israel manage to stop the Obama Administration from signing a bad deal with the Iranians in Geneva , Israel will be OK. Insofar as Jerusalem is coming to understand , along with the rest of America 's traditional regional allies , that Obama is leading the United States out of the Middle East , Israel , as analyst Martin Kramer , president of Shalem College , recently wrote , “ must be agile enough to survive a power outage of any ally , and to plug in elsewhere , ” and will—in Russia , or China , or somewhere else .
The situation is very different for America 's pro-Israel community , whose power is a function of the U.S.-Israel relationship . Because Israel is a real country in a strategically vital area of the world and not simply an ethnic community like American Jews , African-Americans , Latinos , or Arab-Americans , Israel 's American interlocutors wield real power . Indeed , Israel 's current de facto alliance with Saudi Arabia , home to the world 's largest known reserves of oil , makes Israel even more significant as a possible guarantor of Saudi security . But the power of American Jews does n't rest on their control of oilfields , advanced fighter planes , and other traditional sources of geopolitical power . It rests on their connection to Israel and Israel 's connection to them .
In retrospect , it 's clear that the administration saw J Street not as an alternative to AIPAC or even , in the words of J Street President Jeremy Ben-Ami , as Obama 's “ blocking back ” on Capitol Hill to push the now-moribund peace process . From the White House 's perspective , it was simply a test pilot , whose job was to push the domestic political limits of the administration 's Middle East policy . OK , it was n't a good idea to force the peace process as hard as J Street had argued . However , battering the Israelis over settlements showed there was no problem in shaming Israel publicly—especially when the country was led by a right-wing prime minister , a spectacle that some in the U.S. pro-Israel community actually relished .
Continue reading : Zeroing in on the pro-Israel community
It was n't until their second term , with their eyes on the prize of historical reconciliation with Iran , that Obama really zeroed in on the pro-Israel community . Appointing Chuck Hagel , who 'd made animus toward Israel 's supporters in Washington into a defining source of personal and political pride , as secretary of defense , was a way to move the yardsticks far downfield and pin AIPAC with its back to the goal line . Sure , the next few yards , getting a deal with Iran , would be a real pile-up , but it was doable .
Next , the White House got AIPAC to support the president 's decision to wage a short and limited campaign of air strikes against Bashar al-Assad to enforce Obama 's red line regarding the Syrian dictator 's use of chemical weapons . This not only exposed the organization to the typical anti-Semitic charges—Jewish war-mongering on behalf of Israel—but it did much worse , in helping to paint AIPAC as an over-eager lackey that jumped to do the White House 's bidding on an issue that arguably had nothing to do either way with Israel 's national interest or the concerns of its supporters . When Obama backed off the strikes and signed on to the Russian initiative to rid Assad of their unconventional arsenal , AIPAC was hung out to dry . To further rub their faces in it , the administration sent Vice President Joe Biden to deliver the keynote address at J Street , which had declined to support the president 's plan to strike Syria .
AIPAC has fought back and continues to do so . When the White House tried to sideline the pro-Israel community and Abe Foxman announced that Jewish organizations would take a “ time out ” in the Iran sanctions campaign , AIPAC immediately responded that there would be “ no pause , delay or moratorium ” in the outfit 's lobbying for more and stronger Iran sanctions . Even with the administration on the verge of a deal , AIPAC keeps pushing for further sanctions . However , the problem is that AIPAC has already been shown unable to shape policy from inside Obama 's White House , or to gather enough bipartisan support from within the president 's party to oppose it strongly enough on Capitol Hill .
AIPAC 's failure to project strong , clear opinions on some controversial issues—including the Hagel nomination—has contributed to the weakening of its influence . Yet to make the problem simply one of poor decision-making and leadership by AIPAC is to draw too narrow a circle around a much larger decline in influence , which includes everyone sitting at the pro-Israel family table . The United States is getting out of the Middle East , which means that Israeli interests—just like Saudi Arabian interests , or Egyptian interests , or Iraqi interests , or Palestinian interests—will simply not be as important to American policymakers anymore .
Israel will be fine on its own—even if some of the decisions it might make , like absorbing the West Bank , or refusing to recognize the legitimacy of American Jewish marriages , or cozying up to dictators like Vladimir Putin—will leave American Jews feeling alienated and bereft . The first and most noticeable impact will be on the institutions and all of the personages who have served as mediators and interlocutors on behalf of the relationship between Israel and the United States government . Someone else will fill the vacuum left by America 's exit from the Middle East , and that means that Israel 's significant foreign interlocutors—the ones who will get red-carpet treatment in Jerusalem and key interviews with sitting prime ministers—will no longer be found in the United States but elsewhere . Russian rabbis , like Berel Lazar , or French MPs , like Meyer Habib , will play the role that John Hagee or Chuck Schumer once did because of their access to key decision-makers in Moscow and Paris .
But the crucial point is that it 's not just the bigwigs in the U.S. pro-Israel community who will feel their significance to be radically diminished as the United States withdraws from the Middle East . Sure , they 'll feel the sting most acutely—at first . But in time , every American will come to feel the diminishment of American power that comes from forsaking a 60-year-old American patrimony , with the control over global resources and the geopolitical influence—and the opportunity to promote American values—it once made possible .
* * *
Like this article ? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine 's new content in your inbox each morning .
Lee Smith is the author of The Consequences of Syria .
National Football League star safety Tyrann Mathieu recently revealed that they are transitioning to a vegan diet . To their 354,000 followers , the Arizona Cardinal tweeted , “ I was tired of eating poison [ and ] was tired of supporting people that do n't support us in a healthy way. ” Mathieu 's fans responded with reassuring words to help with their transition such as , “ There are so many top athletes who are vegan . It 's myth you need meat to excel at sports. ” New Orleans radio personality Raashad Evans asked the athlete how the vegan life was , to which Mathieu responded with , “ Not there yet , it takes some time . But I 'm energized more than ever ! ” Athletes such as former Chicago Bears football player David Carter—also known as The 300 Pound Vegan—have proven that consuming animal products is not necessary to succeed in professional sports .
Want more of today 's best plant-based news , recipes , and lifestyle ?
Get our award-winning magazine ! Subscribe
Big changes are coming to the I-90 Bridge as they prepare to bring light rail from Seattle to the Eastside .
The Express Lanes will close permanently to make room for the trains and traffic is squeezing into the remaining lanes .
Some cyclists feel like the shifting lanes have made things a little too close for comfort . Nothing has changed about the bike lane , but there used to be a little more of a buffer between the fast moving traffic lanes and where bikes and pedestrians go .
Jackie Klackem said their group was warned that the lanes had been shifted closer to the barrier before they left on their ride Saturday morning .
“ Debris can fly in your face and you never know if a car 's going to crash and go over the guard rail , ” Klackem explained .
WSDOT is trying to accommodate an HOV lane and traffic lanes next to the existing bike lane . Some riders said they did n't notice that the lanes had been shifted closer and consider the ride always a little hectic .
Jim Burton says moving the traffic closer is going to make the ride less pleasant .
“ You 're going to get more wind from the trucks going by ” they explained . “ Bicyclists have to be more careful than ever . ''
It may be the price they pay for progress , squeezing in a little tighter to make way for those trains .
“ We need it . We 're way behind , years behind on transportation , ” Burton explained .
WSDOT says there will be several adjustments coming to the traffic patterns as the Express Lanes shut down this week . They are warning everyone who relies on I-90 to be extra patient as commuters get used to the new layout .
Copyright 2017 KING
Earth 's fever got worse last year , breaking dozens of climate records , scientists said in a massive report nicknamed the annual physical for the planet .
Soon after 2015 ended , it was proclaimed the hottest on record . The new report shows the broad extent of other records and near-records on the planet 's climatic health . Those include record heat energy absorbed by the oceans and lowest groundwater storage levels globally , according to Tuesday 's report from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
`` I think the time to call the doctor was years ago , '' NOAA climate monitoring chief Deke Arndt , co-editor of the report , said in an email . `` We are awash in multiple symptoms . ''
The 2015 State of the Climate report examined 50 different aspects of climate , including dramatic melting of Arctic sea ice and glaciers worldwide . A dozen different nations set the hottest year records , including Russia and China . South Africa had the hottest temperature ever recorded in the month of October : 119.1 degrees Fahrenheit ( 48.4 degrees Celsius ) .
`` There is really only one word for this parade of shattered climate records : grim , '' said Georgia Tech climate scientist Kim Cobb , who was n't part of the report , but called it `` exhaustive and thorough . ''
But it 's more than just numbers on a graph . Scientists said the turbo-charged climate affected walrus and penguin populations and played a role in dangerous algae blooms , such as one off the Pacific Northwest coast . And there were brutal heat waves all over the world , with ones in Indian and Pakistan killing thousands of people .
Much of the intense record-breaking and record-flirting weather was because of a combination of a natural El Nino — the periodic warming of parts of the Pacific that changes weather globally — and ever increasing human-made global warming .
`` This impacts people . This is real life , '' said NOAA climate scientist Jessica Blunden , co-editor of the report published Tuesday in the Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society .
Oklahoma University meteorology professor Jason Furtado said in an email that the report , which they are n't part of , illustrates the combined power of nature and humans on Earth 's climate : `` It was like injecting an already amped-up climate system with a dose of ( natural ) steroids . ''
About 450 scientists from around the world helped write the report and in it NOAA highlighted one of the lesser-known measurements , ocean heat content . About 93 percent of the heat energy trapped by greenhouse gases — such as carbon dioxide from the burning of coal , oil and gas — goes directly into the ocean , the report said . And ocean heat content hit record levels both near the surface and deep .
NOAA oceanographer Gregory C. Johnson , a study co-author , said the oceans are storing more heat energy because of human-made climate change with an extra El Nino spike .
Johnson summed up Earth 's climate in a haiku , published deep inside the report :
`` El Niño waxes ,
warm waters shoal , flow eastward ,
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
Earth 's fever rises . ''
Report highlights include these indications of a warming planet :
Police in Toronto are viewing surveillance footage from several nightclubs after a 19-year-old man said they were sexually assaulted by a gang of women .
The man `` befriended '' four women while out at a club late March 30 , and agreed to a ride home , Toronto police said .
But instead they drove them to a dark parking lot , where they sexually assaulted him , police said . The man `` did not consent to any of those activities , '' police spokesperson Constable Wendy Drummond said .
Cops would not discuss the details of the alleged attack , saying the assault could have included a range of `` unwanted sexual contact '' including `` kissing , touching and oral , [ up to ] to penetration . ''
Drummond said the sexual assault of a man is handled by police much the same way it would if the victim were a woman .
`` People seem to be surprised that this is male victim , '' they said . `` However , males or females can be victims of sexual assault . Every sexual assault leaves its own evidence and we collect that evidence . ''
ABC News does not identify the alleged victims of sexual assault .
All four women are described as being between 30 and 36 years old . They are all described as being 5-foot-4 and weighing between 190 and 200 pounds .
The women were driving a silver Honda SUV .
Although the exact mechanisms are still not completely understood , it has been known for some time that carbohydrate ingestion during exercise can increase exercise capacity and improve exercise performance ( for reviews see Jeukendrup [ 12 , 15 ] ) . In general , during exercise longer than 2 h , carbohydrate feeding will prevent hypoglycemia , will maintain high rates of carbohydrate oxidation , and increase endurance capacity compared with placebo ingestion . It was initially believed that the duration of exercise had to be at least 2 h for carbohydrates to have an effect .
However , more recently , it has become clear that carbohydrate ingestion during exercise can improve exercise performance even during shorter duration , higher intensity exercise ( for example , approximately 1 h at 75 % of maximal oxygen uptake ; V O 2max ) . The mechanism behind these performance improvements is completely different . In fact , it was demonstrated that when glucose was infused into the systemic circulation , this glucose was taken up at high rates but no performance effect was found [ 16 ] . This provides evidence that increasing glucose availability , as a substrate to the working muscle , has no effect during this type of activity . Interestingly , however , when individuals rinsed their mouths with a carbohydrate solution it resulted in performance improvements [ 11 ] that were very similar to the improvements seen with carbohydrate ingestion . There are now numerous studies that , on balance , demonstrate that this effect is real . Those studies are reviewed in several recent papers [ 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 ] . This would suggest that the beneficial effects of carbohydrate feeding during exercise are not confined to its conventional metabolic advantage , but may also contribute to a more positive afferent signal capable of modifying motor output [ 17 ] . These effects are specific to carbohydrates and are independent of taste [ 18 ] .
It is known that whenever food or drink is placed in the mouth , taste receptor cells are stimulated and provide the first analysis of potentially ingestible food [ 19 , 20 , 21 ] . Taste receptor cells exist in groups of 50–100 in the taste buds , which are distributed across different papillae of the tongue , soft palate , and epiglottis [ 22 ] . Electrical activity initiated by a taste cue is transmitted to gustatory neurons ( cranial nerves VII , IX , and X ) that innervate the taste buds [ 23 , 24 ] . This information converges on the nucleus of the solitary tract in the medulla , and is subsequently relayed by the ventral posterior medial nucleus of the thalamus to the primary taste cortex , located in the anterior insula and adjoining frontal operculum , and the putative secondary taste cortex located in the orbitofrontal cortex [ 19 ] . The primary taste cortex and orbitofrontal cortex have projections to regions of the brain , such as the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex , anterior cingulate cortex , and ventral striatum , which are thought to provide the link between gustatory pathways and the appropriate emotional , cognitive , and behavioral response [ 25 , 26 ] . The fact that many of these higher brain regions have been reported to be activated by oral carbohydrates and not non-nutritive sweeteners [ 18 , 27 , 28 ] may provide a mechanistic explanation for the positive effects of a carbohydrate mouth rinse on exercise performance .
However , the receptors in the oral cavity that mediate these effects relating to performance have not yet been identified , and the exact roles of the various brain areas are not clearly understood . The taste receptor cells that are involved are not actually detecting taste but rather carbohydrate or energy .
11 1 Open image in new window Further research is warranted to understand fully the separate taste transduction pathways for various types of carbohydrates and how these differ between mammalian species , particularly in humans . However , it has been convincingly demonstrated that carbohydrate is detected in the oral cavity by unidentified receptors , and that this can be linked to improvements in exercise performance ( for a review see Jeukendrup and Chambers [ ] ) . The new guidelines suggested here take these findings into account ( Fig . ) .
It did n't take a lot of persuading to get Robert Kelly to sign on for FX 's Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll .
`` I 'm the drummer in a rock band ? , '' says Kelly . `` Denis Leary is writing it ? It 's on FX ? I am f -- ing in . ''
S & D & R & R returns for its second season Thursday at 10 p.m . ET , and Kelly ( above ) sounds confident they made the right decision .
`` The show is a little different this year , '' they say . `` It 's more serialized . And this year Denis is n't writing all the episodes , so you also have other perspectives on the characters . ''
Kelly plays Bam Bam , the drummer for the Assassins , whose lead singer is Gigi ( Elizabeth Gillies ) ( above ) . Twenty-five years earlier the Assassins were the Heathens , whose lead singer was Gigi 's father , Johnny Rock ( Leary ) .
The Heathens broke up just as their first album was released , because Johnny was sleeping with the wife of the lead guitarist , Flash ( John Corbett ) . There was zero chance they 'd ever reunite until Gigi showed up , giving Johnny one last shot at musical success and giving Flash a new girlfriend .
Okay , it gets messy , even when you add two comparatively sane people with bass player Rehab ( John Ales ) and Johnny 's girlfriend Ava ( Elaine Hendrix ) .
`` It 's an awesome cast , '' says Kelly . `` I ca n't wait to get to make up every day because we have such a great time . And I 'll tell you , we hold nothing back with Liz and Elaine . They 're right in there . ''
Those two women ( above ) , Kelly adds , also have a secret thing for him .
`` Out of the whole cast , '' they say , `` they 'd bang me first . Before Denis Leary , before John Corbett , they 'd have sex with me . ''
That puts the 45-year-old Kelly in a different position from their character .
`` Bam Bam never gets any sex , '' says Kelly . `` That 's my goal for the second season . To get some for Bam Bam . ''
Bam Bam does have a role in this dysfunctional rock 'n ' roll family , and it 's an odd one .
`` He 's somehow become the voice of reason for Johnny Rock , '' says Kelly . `` Maybe it 's because I still love them when he 's driven everyone else away .
`` Bam Bam wants people to get along . He 's a lovable mush and he 's got a huge heart . They can also talk to you all day about the dangers of drug and alcohol addiction while he 's stuffing themselves with food . He 's like a 2-year-old . They will eat an entire box of doughnuts . ''
Not that Bam Bam is the only character with issues .
`` Everyone has moments of clarity in some area , '' says Kelly . `` And then they 're f-ed up in 10 other areas .
`` To me , that 's kind of what the show is about , how rockers go through the same s -- - as everyone else . ''
If everyone is screwed up , welcome to Denis Leary 's world .
`` I get along perfectly with Denis , '' says Kelly . `` His whole language is f-you . You say hello , they say , ' F-you . ' Since I 'm from Boston , this makes me feel right at home . They remind me of all my Irish uncles . ''
Kelly recalls one scene where `` I had to play a really difficult song , and I 'd only had two days to learn it . We started to play and the monitor was n't working , so I could n't hear it , and I messed up .
`` That was the one time I really got angry on the set . I stood up and started yelling . And Denis is there saying , 'Great , that 's great , just keep it up . ' ``
Truth is , getting worked up is what , as a comedian , they do .
`` Comedy happens when you overreact , '' they say . `` That 's what standup comedy is . I 'll get mad about something in the house and my wife will say , 'Calm down . ' And I say that if I calm down , the paychecks stop . ''
So comedians are a good fit for a rock 'n ' roll show .
`` Every comedian wants to be a rock star , '' they say . `` And every rock star wants to be a comedian . And the only one who does both is Dave Grohl . ''
Kelly does a little more on S & D & R & R than just overheat . For starters , they learned to really play the drums .
`` I had always wanted to be a drummer , '' they say . `` I used to dream of playing in front of 100,000 people . Then about 20 years ago Bill Burr , who 's an amazing drummer , gave me a pair of drumsticks and told me to practice for two hours a day .
`` I think I threw them away before I got home . But I so wish I 'd done it . For this show , I spent two years learning to play drums , because when we do live numbers , we do them in front of a real audience . ''
And they immediately realized , they said , why all comedians want to be rock stars .
`` After my comedy show , middle-aged couples will come up and say they liked it , '' they say . `` After rock shows , the people who come up are single chicks . ''
You see the appeal here .
But all they really needs , Kelly says , is the view they get on the stage .
`` I 'm so happy the Heathens became the Assassins , '' they say . `` I 'd so much rather be looking at Gigi than staring at Leary 's skinny ass . ''
Just in general , they say , the cast of S & D & R & R is good people .
`` If I were as good-looking as John Corbett , '' they say , `` I 'd be a complete dick . He 's not . He 's a great guy . ''
Pre-trial detainees/remand prisoners
The table below gives an indication of the recent trend in the pre-trial/remand prison population . The final row shows the latest figures available .
It consists of the number of pre-trial/remand prisoners in the prison population on a single date in the year ( or the annual average ) and the percentage of the total prison population that pre-trial/remand prisoners constituted on that day .
The final column shows the pre-trial/remand population rate per 100,000 of the national population .
SEYCHELLES
Year Number in
pre-trial/remand
imprisonment Percentage
of total
prison population Pre-trial/remand
population rate
( per 100,000 of
national population ) 2006
2010
2014 28
133
152 19.7 %
32.0 %
19.9 % 33
148
166 2018 71 16.8 % 73
It should be noted that the number of pre-trial/remand prisoners fluctuates from day to day , month to month and year to year . Consequently the above figures give an indication of the trend but the picture is inevitably incomplete .
The pre-trial/remand population rate is calculated on the basis of the national population total . All national population figures are inevitably estimates but the estimates used in the World Prison Brief are based on official national figures , United Nations figures or figures from other recognised international authorities .
Quait2019 Feb05 2019
„ PCLinuxOS is the best for me ! “ XFCE version . On 05.Feb.2019 by community member onkelho . Release of `` Quait2019 '' tested on PC and Laptop , fresh preleasing packages from git.xfce.org , many of the plugins listed on 4.14-roadmap . All additional drivers are installed as dkms and after successful installation unused ones should be uninstalled , this will shorten the following kernel updates . Many extra drivers , see : https : //qua-it.org/
Added On : 23/02/2019 Size : 1.87 GB Seeds 15 Leechers 0 Completed 45 -- - DeBaas N/A 100 %
-- -
community pclinuxos64 lxqt 2019 02
PCLinuxOS is a user-friendly Linux distribution with out-of-the-box support for many popular graphics and sound cards , as well as other peripheral devices . The bootable live DVD provides an easy-to-use graphical installer and the distribution sports a wide range of popular applications for the typical desktop user , including browser plugins and full multimedia playback . The intuitive system configuration tools include Synaptic for package management , Addlocale to add support to many languages an
Added On : 21/02/2019 Size : 1.11 GB Seeds 14 Leechers 1 Completed 39 -- - DEMONLORD N/A 100 %
-- -
debian live 9 8 0 i386 xfce ( Multi . )
The Debian Project is an association of individuals who have made common cause to create a free operating system . This operating system is called Debian . Debian systems currently use the Linux kernel . Linux is a completely free piece of software started by Linus Torvalds and supported by thousands of programmers worldwide . Of course , the thing that people want is application software : programs to help them get what they want to do do , from editing documents to running a business to playing gam
Added On : 20/02/2019 Size : 1.86 GB Seeds 80 Leechers 1 Completed 311 -- - DEMONLORD N/A N/A
-- -
debian live 9 8 0 amd64 xfce ( Multi . )
The Debian Project is an association of individuals who have made common cause to create a free operating system . This operating system is called Debian . Debian systems currently use the Linux kernel . Linux is a completely free piece of software started by Linus Torvalds and supported by thousands of programmers worldwide . Of course , the thing that people want is application software : programs to help them get what they want to do do , from editing documents to running a business to playing gam
Added On : 20/02/2019 Size : 1.82 GB Seeds 151 Leechers 2 Completed 926 -- - DEMONLORD N/A N/A
-- -
debian live 9 8 0 i386 mate ( Multi . )
The Debian Project is an association of individuals who have made common cause to create a free operating system . This operating system is called Debian . Debian systems currently use the Linux kernel . Linux is a completely free piece of software started by Linus Torvalds and supported by thousands of programmers worldwide . Of course , the thing that people want is application software : programs to help them get what they want to do do , from editing documents to running a business to playing gam
Added On : 20/02/2019 Size : 1.95 GB Seeds 70 Leechers 1 Completed 192 -- - DEMONLORD N/A N/A
-- -
This is the Summer of Fiscal Responsibility . Congress prompted a sovereign credit downgrade because of it , and at least two professional sports leagues ground to a halt in its name . Earlier this week , the geek community got official word that balancing the Almighty Dollar was the cause of death for a quality science fiction show , Eureka .
Syfy confirmed that the quirky show about lovable sheriff and a town filled with geniuses was going to complete its current 13-episode run and then call it quits in 2012 . The official statement called it a `` difficult business decision '' not to renew , but promised that the series arcs will be allowed to conclude . In addition to to a holiday episode in December , Eureka will close out their run with 12 final episodes in 2012 . Geek icon Wil Wheaton — who had a recurring role as a foil to fellow nerd Douglas Fargo — posted a quote from executive producer Amy Berg indicating that the creative interest in the show was overcome by the bottom line .
While most can appreciate or even laud the network 's , and its parent company NBCUniversal 's , grounded sense of accounting , the announcement just adds negativity to the new rebranding of the channel as a place where good shows go to get frakked .
Resisting Science Fiction ————————-
The parentage of the channel in the early 1990s include both horror and science fiction . Initially , Paramount and Universal used Sci-Fi as a conduit for classic series , like Night Gallery and Star Trek . These genres remain the roots of Syfy programming despite a decade of corporate baton passing that handed the channel to NBC Universal in 2004 . Executives have resisted this tradition almost from the beginning , and that is why professional wrestling and reality programming are fixtures in the regular schedule .
Cancelations are as much a part of the the SyFy identity as alien abductions and cylons . Since the Sci-Fi Channel rebranded two years ago , suits have kicked a number of quality science fiction shows to the curb . Fans of Caprica and Stargate Universe lamented the lack of support as Syfy strengthened their commitment to the WWE . Prior to that , the network shocked many fans and critics in 2002 by dumping Farscape , a move that some say will be forever associated with NBC 's premature plug-pulling of the original Star Trek series four decades earlier . Similarly , The Dresden Files , with a literary following and an appealing performance by lead Paul Blackthorne , bit the dust in 2007 after one season . The network eventually cited poor ratings despite evidence to the contrary . Losing Eureka just adds to this legacy .
As they told io9 in July 2009 , Syfy Creative Director ( now President ) of Original Programming Mark Stern — who says canceling the popular Farscape on their first day was n't their decision — claimed the rebranding was going to have a counter-intuitive effect of increasing the science fiction programming :
I think our big frustration with a show like Battlestar Galactica has been , it 's a great show . Because it 's on the science fiction channel it 's kept people away , that we felt like would come in and love that show . So it 's made us a little more hesitant about going too hard scifi . Because hard scifi on the scifi channel is almost like this double whammy . Now that we have a brand that is a little broader and we 're embracing a lot of things we 're already doing . I think it also gives us a lot of freedom to do more hard scifi .
At the time , Syfy execs were talking about reboots of classic shows like Alien Nation and Quantum Leap , and a search for the `` next great space opera . '' One possibility for the latter may be replacing Battlestar Galactica with ... Battlestar Galactica , albeit in a different time period .
Without Eureka , however , Syfy is down to just two original shows — Warehouse 13 and Alphas — that speak directly to what should be their core demographic .
Saving Eureka—————
It wo n't happen . The inevitable response by fans will follow a predictable pattern : Many lament , angry emails are written , people are called , and the execs weather the storm knowing there 's a market for the DVDs . Assuming Syfy lives up to their pledge to air the remaining episodes , the fate of the show is already better than most canceled projects since there will be some closure . Short of a government bailout for Global Dynamics , it is best to move quickly past anger , bargaining , and depression to acceptance .
However , since we 're talking science fiction , let 's imagine greater and pretend we live in an alternate universe where the input of viewers is heard . Here are five moves Syfy can make to improve their product :
1 . Schedule Consistency
Erratic scheduling has likely been a cause of ratings dips of some of the shows . Farscape had mid-season hiatuses that would last up to six months . Season Three took over a year to finish airing . Eureka has n't been erratic , just short . The series ' annual Q3 run is far shorter than traditional 20-24 episode blocks , making it difficult for fans to stick with the show from season to season . Tivo has helped mitigate the Joss Whedon-esque curse of changing time slots , but it ca n't do anything about lost interest in a show that does n't air new episodes .
2 . Give Colin Ferguson Work
The most painful aspect of losing Eureka is parting ways with Sheriff Jack Carter . When the writers shifted focus to the technology being produced by GD and away from their fish-out-of-water relationship with the town ( maybe dog-in-the-ocean is a better analogy ) , it was a disservice to the show . Sure , Carter does theirs Give Me the Quantum Physics For Dummies Version kind of comments during the tech exposition , but the show 's first-season premise seemed to take a backseat to nanobots and predictive contact lenses . Ferguson turns out to be a great comedic actor and someone deserving another gig . Immediately . If we must live in a world without Eureka , Oregon , at least appease fans by giving Ferguson another vehicle .
3 . Evolve the In-Plot Advertising
Speaking of vehicles ... Product placement has been a part of the entertainment industry for even longer thanx this Snickers I just ate will satisfy my hunger . Sometimes it is obvious : Jack Bauer drives a Ford ; the villains do not . Sometimes , it is really obvious , like when the cast of White Collar openly marvels at the hands-free dialing of a Taurus – recent cliffhanger aside , the main purpose of the Burke marriage seems to be testing standard features for the auto industry . Eureka 's Subaru episode ( `` If You Build It ... '' ) was one of the worst offenders , with Fargo spouting car statistics . We respect the need for the ad revenue and admire the innovation of including commercials in the plot , but viewers need an X-Men leap forward in the evolution of product placement . Give writers more incentive and leeway to shill for the commercial sugar daddies without sacrificing narrative . What you are doing now makes me hate Subaru , not buy one .
4 . Downgrade the FX
The reason cited for axing Eureka is that the show was too expensive to produce , due mainly to the town being a hub for technology we do n't have in the real world . Couple that with the writers ' focus on that tech , and it is easy to see why the show became unsustainable . Take a lesson from Star Trek : Deep Space Nine and show the cool-but-expensive morphing of Odo into living puddles of ooze sparingly . Better yet , take a lesson from the Tom Baker Doctor Who and concentrate on the storytelling , not the bling . I 've seen better special effects in some middle school plays than on the BBC in the 1970s , yet I would n't miss a Sunday night watching the Doctor battle some face-painted alien race . Like movie sex in the 1940s and 1950s , a little suggestion goes a long way . Humans are capable of extrapolating .
5 . Stop Making Crappy Films
Does the world really need Sharktopus or Piranhaconda ? Hmmm ... maybe more so than Flash Gordon , which Syfy mercifully canceled .
The European Parliament lacks transparency in the funding of non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) that received hundreds of millions in donations from Brussels in 2015 , the author of a report focusing on the issue warns , according to Spiegel .
An estimated €1.2 billion ( $ 1.28 billion ) was paid by the EU to NGOs in 2015 , with parts of transactions lacking clarity or apparently landing in the hands of organizations with goals contrary to the bloc 's desired aims , the news outlet says .
Read more
“ Transparency does not seem to be one of the EU Commission 's priorities when it comes to granting EU funding , ” EU Commissioner Markus Pieper ( CDU ) , author of a report on the financing of non-governmental organizations , told Der Spiegel .
The EU Commission has financially supported numerous NGOs for years . Funding went to a range of groups working on environmental protection and social issues . For example , Deutsche Umwelthilfe ( DUH ) is receiving subsidies from Brussels amounting to €521,834 for a campaign to be run from 2016 to 2019 , according to Volksfreund.de .
“ In the interests of taxpayers , the transparency of the cash flow needs to improve , ” Pieper says .
For some reason , organizations whose goals are contrary to the EU 's objectives also receive financial support from Brussels , Pieper noted , giving as an example a Danish NGO which calls for the abolition of talks on the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership ( TTIP ) with the US .
“ In the [ EU ] Commission , one hand clearly does not know what the other is doing , ” economist Matthias Bauer said , as cited by Der Spiegel .
The TTIP is an EU-US free trade treaty project that sparked controversy the moment it was proposed in 2013 , and has been criticized for its secretiveness and lack of accountability .
Read more
The proposed deal aims at promoting trade and multilateral economic growth by creating the world 's largest free-trade zone . Backers say it will help small businesses , open up markets , and make customs processes easier , while trade tariffs on goods would be reduced .
Critics of TTIP fear big corporations will be the only ones to profit from the deal , with corporate interests even being placed ahead of national interests .
Pieper 's criticism is not fair , some experts argue . “ Many people are critical of the TTIP agreement . Why should the EU not help NGOs that express this opinion , ” Carlotta Besozzi from the Civil Society Europe NGO told Der Spiegel .
However , “ it 's a different thing if the EU Commission supported NGOs that are against the EU values or want to abolish the EU , ” Besozzi added .
Normally we do n't pay much attention to the National Review here at The Mary Sue—after all , you do n't often see them reporting on the same kinds of stories that we tend to cover in the pop culture and science sphere . But , as it turns out , one columnist who writes for them has very specific opinions about those topics , in an article entitled… “ Smarter Than Thou : Neil deGrasse Tyson and America 's Nerd Problem. ” Hoo boy . I have a bad feeling about this .
Columnist Charles C.W . Cooke 's argument , more or less , is that liberally-minded political figures—particularly those in the media—have aligned itself with rationalism and scientific exploration as a way to feel intellectually superior to their conservative counterparts ( I 'd counter that conservatives have been doing the exact same thing aligning themselves with “ tradition ” and “ family values ” for a while now , but let 's keep personal politics out of it for just a second ) . In particular , they cite Neil deGrasse Tyson as the poster boy for those who “ presume themselves to be smarter than everybody else in the world. ” On its face , it 's not an inaccurate notion . This kind of smugness is one the curses being a nerd brings sometimes—hell , it 's a curse of being human , really . We all have to check in ourselves every once in a while to make sure we 're not being jerks at the expense of other people who do n't know what we know about a particular subject .
But of course , they do not stop there . It 's not enough that self-identifying liberal nerds are acting like they know better than everybody else and are also ruining America with their terrible collectivist ways , or whatever . Apparently they 're also totally faking it to get people to think they 're cool .
Wait , why does that sound familiar ? Oh yeah , because it 's literally a Fake Geek Girl Argument .
THERE IS A NATIONAL REVIEW COVER STORY ON FAKE GEEK GIRLS THIS IS NOT A DRILL THIS IS NOT @ DRIL pic.twitter.com/7D0avh2so8 — Sean T. Collins ( @ theseantcollins ) July 30 , 2014
If it 's hard to make out the text , it reads thusly :
The pose is , of course , little more than a ruse — our professional “ nerds ” being , like Mrs. Doubtfire , stereotypical facsimiles of the real thing . They have the patois but not the passion ; the clothes but not the style ; the posture but not the imprimatur . Theirs is the nerd-dom of Star Wars , not Star Trek ; of Mario Kart and not World of Warcraft ; of the latest X-Men movie rather than the comics themselves . A sketch from the TV show Portlandia , mocked up as a public-service announcement , makes this point brutally . After a gorgeous young woman explains at a bar that they do n't think their job as a model is “ her thing ” and instead identifies as “ a nerd ” who is “ into video games and comic books and stuff , ” a dorky-looking man gets up and confesses that they are , in fact , a “ real ” nerd — someone who wears glasses “ to see , ” who is “ shy , ” and who “ is n't wearing a nerd costume for Halloween ” but is dressed how they live . “ I get sick with fear talking to people , ” they say . “ It sucks . ”
Yes , of course , everyone knows that people who like the multi-million dollar franchise Star Wars more than multi-million dollar franchise Star Trek are automatically categorized as second tier-humans , and that a single Portlandia sketch is the standard for how we must all be measured in geek society ( sorry , gorgeous young women ! Guess you 're not allowed ! ) . Silly me , I always thought that someone 's passion for a particular subject was n't negated by how they spoke or what they looked like or even how much they might know , and that true nerdiness is in loving the little details of something—a scientific discipline or an artistic medium , or even just a single story— so deeply that you engage with it as much as you can in the way that feels best for you . But I guess I was wrong ! Whoops ! It 's about how many comics you 've read !
But seriously , I can not even wrap my brain around the level of bullshit elitism being spewed here—and in an article about how awful liberal elitism is , no less . By condemning people who do identify as nerds without subscribing to a very particular and arbitrary type of social criteria that 's rooted in what 's considered more difficult to obtain or master ( I wo n't ask whether they themselves play World of Warcraft , theirs go to example of the nerdiest video game despite its status as a global phenomenon , because that 's too much like what he 's implying with this article ) Cooke is literally doing the same thing they are accusing Melissa Harris-Perry and Rachel Maddow of doing : acting like some people are better than others because of what they know . Those are their examples , by the way , not mine ; surprise , the first two “ fake geek ” media personalities they list after Tyson are a black woman and a gay woman , respectively . Hands up , who saw that coming ?
If you think you can stomach the rage , you can read the rest of Cooke 's misguided attempt at geek-gatekeeping here ( it 's directed through donotlink so do n't worry : you wo n't be contributing to the National Review ‘ s page views ) . And I wish I did n't have to keep saying this , but can we all please , please stop trying to dictate who is and is n't a nerd ?
Previously in Fake Geek Girl
Are you following The Mary Sue on Twitter , Facebook , Tumblr , Instagram , & Google + ?
( Image : RGB Ventures LLC dba SuperStock/Alamy )
THE first clinical trial aimed at boosting social skills in people with autism using magnetic brain stimulation has been completed – and the results are encouraging .
“ As a first clinical trial , this is an excellent start , ” says Lindsay Oberman of the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Centre in Boston , who was not part of the study .
People diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder often find social interactions difficult . Previous studies have shown that a region of the brain called the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex ( dmPFC ) is underactive in people with autism . “ It 's also the part of the brain linked with understanding others ' thoughts , beliefs and intentions , ” says Peter Enticott of Monash University in Melbourne , Australia .
Advertisement
Enticott and their colleagues wondered whether boosting the activity of the dmPFC using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation ( rTMS ) , which involves delivering brief but strong magnetic pulses through the scalp , could help individuals with autism deal with social situations . So the team carried out a randomised , double-blind clinical trial – the first of its kind – involving 28 adults diagnosed with either high-functioning autism or Asperger 's syndrome .
Some participants received 15 minutes of rTMS for 10 days , while others had none , but experienced all other aspects , such as having coils placed on their heads and being subjected to the same sounds and vibrations .
The participants carried out a number of tests of their social skills before the start of the therapy and at the end of the therapy . These showed that those who received rTMS had significantly improved social skills a month later . For instance , one woman began making tea for their sibling who was studying for an exam , suggesting that they understood their sibling 's emotional state and wanted to help . “ As far as their family were concerned , this was completely foreign to her , ” says Enticott . “ She had never shown any inclination toward that sort of activity in their life . ”
One woman made tea for their sibling who had an exam , suggesting they knew their emotions
The therapy also reduced anxiety , as judged by a standard questionnaire that measures reactions in difficult , emotionally charged interactions with others . No such changes were observed in people who received the placebo ( Brain Stimulation , doi.org/pnz ) .
However , participants showed no improvement in computer tasks designed to test whether they could infer the mental states of others , or mentalise . “ It surprises me , ” says Enticott . “ We are stimulating the region of the brain that is most closely associated with these tasks. ” Given this , it is unclear why the volunteers showed an improvement in social skills . “ We need to figure out whether this is underpinned by changes to mentalising ability , or whether there is some other thing at play , ” they say .
Oberman points out that the dmPFC is not near the surface of the brain , so it is hard to target with great accuracy . The rTMS would have stimulated brain regions between the scalp and the dmPFC . This lack of specificity may have driven the changes without affecting mentalising . The next step is to increase the duration and intensity of stimulation and to monitor how long the observed improvements last .
“ While the findings are interesting , the research is still in its very early stages , ” cautions Carol Povey , at the UK 's National Autistic Society . They add that it is essential that people with autism receive the support they need to reach their full potential .
This article appeared in print under the headline “ Brain stimulation brings social side to autism ”
The Baltimore Ravens defense has been one of the best , if not the best , defenses in the NFL this year . But just how much better are they than the rest of the league ?
One of the main reasons that the Baltimore Ravens are competitive right now is their defense . The Ravens currently have the top-ranked defense in the NFL , they 're number one in total defense , number one in rushing yards given up per game , and number seven in passing yards given up per game .
It 's been a common theme when writing about the Ravens this year : if it were n't for this defense , the Baltimore Ravens would n't be even close to the playoff race . And that argument has some serious weight , because their offense has n't exactly been great .
But just how good has their defense been ? Well their rushing defense has been absolutely incredible when you look at the stats . Football Outsiders has a metric they use called Defense-adjusted Value Over Average ( DVOA ) which takes a number of factors into account to value each and every play of the NFL season , and assign a number value to each team 's defense .
The Ravens run defense DVOA rating so far this year is -39.7 % . For reference , the 2000 Ravens defense , considered one of the greatest defenses in the history of the NFL , had a run defense DVOA rating of -36.9 % .
Comparing the Ravens defensive metrics to league averages really shows how dominant they 've been , especially in their run defense . They 've allowed 36 rushing first downs this year , the league average so far is 70 . They 've allowed 1.29 rushing yards after first contact , the league average is 1.61 .
Their pass defense has been solid too , though not as dominant . The Ravens defense currently has 14 interceptions , second in the NFL behind the San Diego Chargers who have 15 . The league average is 9.2 , for reference .
The Ravens have also allowed the fifth-fewest passing yards in the NFL so far this season with 2,667 yards . They also have allowed the third-fewest yards per passing attempt in the league this year with 6.6 YPA .
Want your voice heard ? Join the The Baltimore Wire team ! Write for us !
In fact , if you compare the 2016 Ravens defense to the Super Bowl-winning 2000 Ravens defense during the same time span , the numbers are n't that far off . The 2016 Ravens have allowed 17.3 points per game , the 2000 Ravens allowed 10.7 .
The 2016 Ravens have allowed 4.9 yards per play , the 2000 Ravens allowed 4.3 , the 2016 Ravens have allowed 3.4 rushing YPC with four touchdowns , the 2000 Ravens allowed 2.8 rushing YPC with four touchdowns .
I 'm not saying that this year 's Ravens defense is 2000 Ravens good , but they have been exceptional this whole season , and they 're the main reason the Ravens are in the playoff hunt .
They 'll have their work cut out for them tonight against New England Patriots , but if any team can shut down Tom Brady , it 's the Baltimore Ravens .
On Tuesday , the Obama administration released an interesting if dead-on-arrival 2015 budget . The big message is that the White House wants to bolster support for the poor and middle class , paying for such measures with increased taxes on high-income households .
But it also would accomplish one other big , big goal : It would set the country on a budget path to much smaller deficits and falling debt in relation to economic output . Here 's the relevant chart .
Photo
So how does President Obama start to bring the debt down ? Simple arithmetic : Smaller deficits fueled by increased taxes and reduced spending , along with the presumption of solid economic growth .
Let 's compare President Obama 's suggested spending and revenue figures with the Congressional Budget Office 's best guess at how the numbers would turn out if policies remained static .
Here are the spending figures in President Obama 's budget :
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Receipts 2,775 3,002 3,337 3,568 3,811 4,030 4,226 4,452 4,706 4,954 5,212 5,478 Outlays 3,455 3,651 3,901 4,099 4,269 4,443 4,729 4,964 5,209 5,485 5,694 5,912 Deficit 680 649 564 531 458 413 503 512 504 530 482 434
And here is the same budget window , per the Congressional Budget Office :
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 Receipts 2,774 3,029 3,305 3,481 3,631 3,770 3,932 4,104 4,288 4,490 4,702 4,926 Outlays 3,454 3,543 3,783 4,020 4,212 4,425 4,684 4,939 5,200 5,522 5,749 6,000 Deficit 680 514 478 539 581 655 752 836 912 1,031 1,047 1,074
The White House cuts outlays , relative to the budget baseline it uses in its report . In terms of entitlement spending , it picks up significant savings from Medicare . For instance , in 2020 , it sees $ 1.2 trillion in spending on Social Security , $ 690 billion on Medicare and $ 439 billion on Medicaid . In the baseline , that 's $ 1.2 trillion on Social Security , $ 734 billion on Medicare and $ 440 billion on Medicaid .
On the discretionary spending side , Mr. Obama expands domestic programs at the expense of defense programs . In 2020 , their budget shells out about $ 583 billion for defense and $ 593 billion for nondefense programs – education , housing and so on . In contrast , the baseline shows $ 711 billion in military spending and $ 581 billion for nondefense programs . The White House also sees the government spending less on interest than the baseline scenario . For 2020 , it sees $ 616 billion versus $ 635 billion .
Match that with hundreds of billions in new tax dollars on the revenue side of the ledger , and you have much , much smaller deficits – meaning a debt that grows in absolute terms but shrinks relative to the size of the economy .
“ The budget shifts away from harmful short-term deficit reduction by replacing remaining sequestration cuts with smart , balanced long-term deficit reduction , ” the White House said . “ It focuses on the primary drivers of long-term deficits – rising health care costs and inadequate revenues to meet the needs of our aging population while making the investments needed to strengthen the economy both now and in the future . ”
But it is worth noting that perhaps the single most important factor when it comes to deficits is largely out of the White House 's hands : economic growth . Mr. Obama 's budget assumes that there will be no recession for the next decade – indeed , they see a moderate but strengthening recovery . History suggests those might be the most unrealistic numbers in the document .
Harvard 's silence about the nature of the problem in Dr. Hauser 's laboratory has stirred concern among other researchers who fear their field will be discredited unless the full facts are made known .
“ I think that Harvard has to make public what they found , ” said Herbert Terrace , a professor of psychology at Columbia University . “ They say they have to protect Harvard and Hauser , but how about protecting the field ? ”
Dr. Hauser is one of Harvard 's most visible academics , being frequently quoted in articles about language , animals ' cognitive abilities and the biological basis of morality . They are widely regarded as a star in their field .
Photo
In a widely noticed book of 2006 , “ Moral Minds , ” they argued that a universal moral grammar is genetically wired into the human mind , similar to the universal grammar posited by Noam Chomsky to underlie the language faculty . Dr. Hauser is currently working on a book called “ Evilicious : Why We Evolved a Taste for Being Bad . ”
Dr. Hauser is a fluent and persuasive writer , and their undoing seems to have been their experiments , many of which depended on videotaping cotton-topped tamarin monkeys and noting their responses . It is easy for human observers to see the response they want and so to be fooled by the monkeys .
Dr. Terrace said there had been problems for some time with Dr. Hauser 's work .
“ First there was arbitrary interpretation of the videotapes to suit the hypothesis , ” they said . “ The other was whether the data was real . There have been a number of papers using videotape , and all of them have to be reviewed to see if the data holds up . ”
Dr. Terrace noted that it was easy for a researcher to see what they wanted in a videotaped animal 's reactions , and that independent observers must check every finding .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In one case , according to an article in The Boston Globe on Tuesday , Gordon G. Gallup Jr. of the State University of New York at Albany asked Dr. Hauser for videotapes of an experiment in which cotton-topped tamarins were said to recognize themselves in a mirror . When they received the videotapes , Dr. Gallup could see no evidence that this was the case . Dr. Gallup did not return a call or respond to e-mail on Wednesday .
Dr. Hauser 's 2002 article in Cognition was published with two co-authors , but they have accepted responsibility for the error . One co-author , Gary Marcus of New York University , said they saw the summary of Dr. Hauser 's experiments but not the raw data . They were informed that there was a problem with the data , but has not seen the result of the investigation .
Mr. Neal , Harvard 's press officer , declined to say when the university 's examination of Dr. Hauser 's laboratory had started , when it was completed or how many other papers besides that in Cognition were under question .
Another paper with problems appeared in Science magazine in 2007 . It addressed the question of whether tamarins , rhesus monkeys and chimpanzees could infer a person 's intentions . The magazine received a letter in June from Justin Wood of the University of Southern California , the senior co-author of the paper . Ginger Pinholster , director of public relations for the American Association for the Advancement of Science , which publishes Science , said that Dr. Wood wrote that a Harvard examination of the paper had failed to find any field notes or records associated with the rhesus monkey part of the experiment , and that they and Dr. Hauser had then repeated the experiment with the same results as reported . There was no problem with the records on the tamarins or chimpanzees .
If Dr. Hauser 's leave is over next fall , they may return to a full work schedule at Harvard . But the cloud over their experiments seems unlikely to be dispelled until the nature and extent of the problem is clarified .
“ The people who really know what 's happened are students , current and former , ” said a scientist who asked to remain anonymous because of Dr. Hauser 's continuing power in the field . “ They are very unhappy about how Harvard has handled this , and they feel things are being swept under the rug . ”
Image by Oliver | Some Rights Reserved
Sometimes the simplest of things elude us . We miss the forest for the trees . Or , we come up with what seems to be an elegant solution to a coding problem , only to realize ( or , in my case , have pointed out , on Reddit ) that we have not only done something abysmally stupid , but did so instead of using the programming 101 , most basic , back-to-the-fundamentals solution to what has to be one of the oldest problems in programming history . Doh !
In my recent post about Building a Useful , Interactive , and Extensible .NET Console Application Template for Development and Testing , I posted some code where I implemented the interactive loop for a console like this :
The Fatally Flawed , Dumb IO Loop for a Console Application :
class Program { static void Main ( string [ ] args ) { Console.Title = typeof ( Program ) .Name ; // We will add some set-up stuff here later ... Run ( ) ; } static void Run ( ) { // Get input from the user : var consoleInput = ReadFromConsole ( ) ; if ( string.IsNullOrWhiteSpace ( consoleInput ) ) { // Nothing was provided - start over : Run ( ) ; } try { // Execute the command : string result = Execute ( consoleInput ) ; // Write out the result : WriteToConsole ( result ) ; } catch ( Exception ex ) { // OOPS ! Something went wrong - Write out the problem : WriteToConsole ( ex.Message ) ; } // Always return to Run ( ) : Run ( ) ; } static string Execute ( string command ) { // We 'll make this more interesting shortly : return string.Format ( `` Executed the { 0 } Command '' , command ) ; } public static void WriteToConsole ( string message = `` '' ) { if ( message.Length > 0 ) { Console.WriteLine ( message ) ; } } const string _readPrompt = `` console > `` ; public static string ReadFromConsole ( string promptMessage = `` '' ) { // Show a prompt , and get input : Console.Write ( _readPrompt + promptMessage ) ; return Console.ReadLine ( ) ; } }
If you take a good look at the Run ( ) method , you will see the recursion happening there .
I 'm not sure why I thought this was a good way to do this , beyond that it seemed elegant , and I really had n't thought things through ( or thought much at all . Because…programming 101 . Literally .
Recursion Consumes Stack Space ( and Hence , Memory )
I know this . So I 'm not sure why I thought it would be Ok to use recursion in an unbounded context like this .
Recursively calling a method incurs a memory cost , as each time the method calls itself , what is essentially a copy of all the variables , parameters and memory addresses used by the function are pushed onto the stack as a stack frame .
Understanding the details of this is less critical than understanding the over-arching concepts . For more information on Stacks , Heaps , and Recursion , see Explanation of the Stack , the Heap , and Recursion Leading to Stack Overflow at Joel in point form .
While realistically , most who might use a .NET console application such as this example is derived from are unlikely to actually run into a stack overflow situation , it is still simply poor design . Or the programmer not thinking at all .
In this case , it was the latter .
Of While Loops and Ball Bearings
The section heading from the previous post in which the code above appears is , literally “ Console Basics – The Interactive Input and Output Loop . ”
The correct , and for most introductory programming students , obvious solution was right there in the section title .
A while loops .
The Run ( ) method in the above code can ( and SHOULD HAVE BEEN ) written as follows :
The Fundamental , Time-Tested Way to write the Interactive Loop for a Console Application :
static void Run ( ) { while ( true ) { var consoleInput = ReadFromConsole ( ) ; if ( string.IsNullOrWhiteSpace ( consoleInput ) ) continue ; try { // Execute the command : string result = Execute ( consoleInput ) ; // Write out the result : WriteToConsole ( result ) ; } catch ( Exception ex ) { // OOPS ! Something went wrong - Write out the problem : WriteToConsole ( ex.Message ) ; } } }
This code continues the IO loop until the user breaks manually by exiting the application . While we could get just a little more clever , in introduce some method return values which might cause the loop to exit , nothing like that was needed for this particular case .
This is such a basic thing , I am embarrassed for having missed it . I myself have used examples from introductory tutorials which use this very mechanism to operate an interactive console .
Occam 's Razor and Ball Bearing Complication
Sometimes in life , and especially in programming , we tend to allow “ clever ” to be the enemy of “ good. ” We seek solutions to coding problems which allow us to feel accomplished , or which allow us to utilize some new shiny thing we have discovered , and we loose sight of the fact that we are really just seeking to solve a problem .
And often , that problems has been solved , over and over again , long before .
“ The Simplest Answer is Usually Correct . ”
This common paraphrase of Occam 's Razor is completely applicable here . While not wholly accurate , it represents a concise statement of what should have been my reasoning when putting together my code .
From the Wikipedia entry , we find a few more formal versions of the philosophical construct known as Occam ; s Razor :
“ Among competing hypotheses , the one with the fewest assumptions should be selected ”
Another , as stated by Aristotle in Posterior Analytics :
“ We may assume the superiority ceteris paribus [ all things being equal ] of the demonstration which derives from fewer postulates or hypotheses . ”
As programmers , we often tend towards what we think are elegant solutions . We like to plan for cases that might happen . We like to try using “ innovative ” means to solve problems .
I often fall victim , in programming and in life , to what I call the “ Complicate a Ball Bearing ” syndrome . A good friend of mine , a non-programmer , often made the observation that they can “ Complicate the shit out of a ball bearing. ” Meaning , given a simple life problem and several possible solutions , they always managed to choose the most convoluted path to resolution , often creating a bigger mess than what they had started with .
In my case here , re-implementing the code to utilize the good old while loop was trivial . Figuring out why I did n't exercise some good judgment , and employ the solution any student of introductory programming would use without even thinking ? That 's complicated .
In Closing
The code for the Extensible Console Application project has been updated and pushed to Github . The previous blog post has been updated , acknowledging this idiocy ( because that 's just how I roll , dammit . Public self-flagellation is good for the soul .
Additional Resources and Items of Interest
John on Google
In June , Randy Hoffbeck flew to Fairbanks for a conference on Alaska 's mounting budget crisis . For two days , Hoffbeck , who is the state 's revenue commissioner , and other fiscal experts laid out the problem and discussed possible solutions : cutting spending , raising taxes , reducing an annual oil-fund payout that nearly all Alaskans have received for more than three decades . They left feeling optimistic that Alaskans were at last facing up to the need to make difficult decisions about the state 's future .
In a taxi back to the airport , however , Hoffbeck heard themselves on the radio talking about the need for the state to raise more revenue .
“ That guy , ” the cabbie said , not knowing who was in the back seat , “ is an idiot . ”
Faced with falling oil production , low crude prices and billions of dollars in deficits , state leaders are considering once-unthinkable changes to the way the state raises and spends its money . In coming weeks , Gov . Bill Walker , a political independent , will likely propose a cut to annual oil payments , the imposition of a new broad-based tax and tens of millions of dollars in cuts to state services . But it remains to be seen whether Alaska voters — and the legislators who must face them in November — will accept the need for such radical steps . If they do n't , experts on both ends of the political spectrum agree , the eventual reckoning will be far greater .
Alaska 's finances are unlike those of any other state . It has no income tax , no statewide sales tax and among the lowest per capita tax burdens in the U.S . Instead of from taxes , its money comes overwhelmingly from two sources : oil revenue , which provides close to 90 percent of the discretionary budget , and federal funds , of which Alaska has historically been among the top per capita recipients .
Revenues have slumped along with oil prices , however . In fiscal 2012 , when oil prices spent much of the year above $ 100 a barrel , general fund revenues topped $ 7 billion . This year , with oil prices down to about $ 40 a barrel , the state expects to collect just $ 2.2 billion . Even after billions of dollars in budget cuts in the past two years , the state still faces an estimated $ 3 billion shortfall heading into the next fiscal year .
Alaska 's problems go beyond oil prices . Federal funding has fallen since stimulus funds dried up after the recession , and the state 's influence in Washington has waned since the electoral defeat of longtime U.S. senator Ted Stevens in 2008 . The prices of other natural resources , such as gold and salmon , have also declined . Most significantly , the state 's oil production has been falling for decades , dropping below 500,000 barrels per day in 2014 from a peak of more than 2 million barrels per day in the late 1980s . Lower production means it takes higher prices to generate the same amount of tax revenue ; the state estimates that it would take prices of $ 110 a barrel or more to balance the state budget at current production levels .
Making matters more difficult : Alaska may be entering a recession , if it is n't in one already . “ It 's at that point where my gut says we 're tipping toward recession , ” economist Jonathan King of Anchorage consulting firm Northern Economics said earlier this week .
On Friday , the federal Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that after two months of job losses , Alaska added about 2,000 jobs in October compared with a year earlier . But the oil industry continued to cut jobs , as did the government , which makes up a larger share of employment in Alaska than in any other state but Wyoming . Alaska 's unemployment rate , at 6.4 percent in October , is well above the national mark of 5 percent .
Alaska still has plenty of options for solving its budget crisis . After decades of saving a share of its oil revenues , the state has about $ 65 billion in the bank . Most of that money , more than $ 50 billion , is set aside in a special account called the Permanent Fund that ca n't be touched under the state Constitution . That fund generates billions of dollars in annual investment income that is n't similarly restricted . But most of that income goes to dividend payments that are sent to every Alaskan each year . The payments vary from year to year based on investment returns and other factors ; this year 's dividend , which is being paid this month , is $ 2,072 .
Reducing or eliminating the annual dividend payments could free up $ 1 billion or more for the state to spend . Alternatively , the state could impose an income or sales tax , either of which Hoffbeck said could raise about $ 500 million a year while still keeping the state 's tax burden among the lowest in the country . In other words , Alaska might have to look a bit more like every other state in the country .
“ There 's something a little surreal about people saying we 've got a terrible fiscal crisis here when the drastic steps that people are being asked to contemplate are essentially reducing the Permanent Fund dividend payout and actually paying state taxes , which we do n't , ” said Gunnar Knapp , a University of Alaska economist who runs the school 's Institute of Social and Economic Research . “ Most states would like this problem . ”
But as Hoffbeck 's cabbie made clear , any effort to raise taxes or cut the dividend will likely face deep resistance from many Alaskans . The politics are complicated : Many rural residents depend on the dividend as a primary source of income , while higher-earning urban residents would rather give up their dividend than pay income taxes . Then there are people like Brad Keithley , an oil-industry consultant and the founder of Alaskans for a Sustainable Budget , who believe the state should close its budget gap by further cutting spending , not raising revenue .
“ Alaska has the opportunity to have a bright fiscal future if we can just get spending down to sustainable levels , ” Keithley said .
Hoffbeck and most independent experts call that approach unrealistic . The state has already eliminated hundreds of government jobs and cut spending by $ 3 billion in the past two years . Making further cuts wo n't be easy : Education and Medicaid spending eat up essentially all the state 's current revenue .
“ You just ca n't do it with cuts alone , ” Hoffbeck said .
To convince Alaskans of that , Hoffbeck and other administration officials have been crisscrossing the state giving presentations to anyone who will listen . They 've even developed a Microsoft Excel model that lets Alaskans try out their own set of solutions to balance the budget . Most people , Hoffbeck said , quickly figure out that there is no way to eliminate the deficit without some combination of taxes and dividend cuts . But they have to get them to listen first .
“ Alaskans over the last 30 years have developed an entitlement mentality that there are no taxes and I get my dividends , ” said David Teal , the fiscal analyst for the state legislature . Public opinion is beginning to shift — an August poll showed growing public support for revenue increases over further cuts — but change has been slow .
The clock is ticking . Alaska started the year with about $ 15 billion in savings outside of the Permanent Fund . Taken together , those cash piles generate enough income to allow the state to balance its budget with comparatively modest tax increases and a partial cut to the dividend . That plan , or some version of it , is what Walker is expected to propose next month . But big deficits are rapidly eating away at that nest egg ; once it 's gone , the state will have to make much bigger changes to pay its bills . If the state does n't act soon , Teal said , “ instead of losing half your dividend , it 's going to have to all go away . ”
But , they added , “ I just do n't know that people believe that . ”
We are happy to announce the full lineup for Pitchfork Music Festival 2017 , which takes place in Chicago 's Union Park from July 14–16 . As in years past , we strive to be one of the world 's most welcoming and exciting festivals , consistently dedicated to striking a balance between discovery and celebration .
Friday , July 14 sees performances from LCD Soundsystem , Dirty Projectors , Danny Brown , Thurston Moore Group , Vince Staples , Arca & Jesse Kanda , Kamaiyah , Hiss Golden Messenger , Frankie Cosmos , William Tyler , D∆WN , Priests , and Madame Gandhi .
Saturday , July 15 features A Tribe Called Quest , PJ Harvey , Angel Olsen , the Feelies , George Clinton & Parliament Funkadelic , Mitski , Madlib , Arab Strap , S U R V I V E , Francis and the Lights , Weyes Blood , Jeff Rosenstock , Cherry Glazerr , and Vagabon .
Sunday features Solange , Nicolas Jaar , the Avalanches , Ride , American Football , Isaiah Rashad , Hamilton Leithauser , Pinegrove , Jamila Woods , Colin Stetson , Derrick Carter , Joey Purp , NE-HI , and Kilo Kish .
As previously announced , this year will feature a special collaboration with Saint Heron , the innovative label and arts platform founded by Solange Knowles . The Saint Heron-curated event series will feature an onsite art installation , film screening , artist talks , late night jazz jam sessions , and more , taking place at various locations throughout Chicago from Thursday , July 13 through Sunday , July 16 . Details are available here with more to be announced in the coming weeks .
Tickets are $ 75 a day , and $ 175 for a three-day pass . A layaway option for regularly priced three-day passes is also being offered , where you will be able to pay the $ 175 price over three installments . This offer will expire on March 1 . Act quickly and get your tickets here !
This year , Pitchfork also announces Pitchfork +PLUS—an additional ticket tier allowing attendees to enjoy exclusive amenities during the weekend , available at $ 365 for a three-day pass . Pitchfork +PLUS passes include everything that General Admissions passes provide plus :
Access to premium food vendors
Access to private specialty bars ( 21+ area )
Deluxe air-conditioned bathrooms
Shaded seating areas
Cell-phone charging stations
Storage lockers *
Exclusive and expedited entry to Festival
“ Come and Go ” re-entry access to the Festival grounds .
* Availability for storage lockers is limited and will be determined on a first come , first served basis daily .
For more ticket info , and to stay tuned on new amenities and additions to the 2017 Festival , visit the Festival website . Check out a photo gallery highlighting the best moments of the 2016 Fest here .
Whatcha ' doing this Friday night at 5pm ? Nothing ? Oh , that 's cool . Kinda .
Join local urban and transportation celebrity bloggers on the 1st Annual Minneapolis Bike ‘ n ' Brew Tour .
The route is a simple 8 ( eight ) miles that start at Harriet Brewing Company at 5pm . The route will then progress up through Northeast as the night goes on . Here 's the line-up :
Feel free to join at any point during the evening . We 'll be live tweeting @ StreetsMN the progress of the ride , so make sure to check there . There will be a live podcast throughout the ride that will cover topics ranging from biking , local brews and whatever else .
Please bring the following items :
Bike
Bike Helmet
Bike Lock
Lights
ID Card indicating you are above 21 years of age
Money ( recommended )
Water Bottle ( recommended )
Light Jacket ( recommended ) Thanks , and we look forward to seeing you there !
Share this : Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Related
Streets.mn is a non-profit and is volunteer run . We rely on your support to keep the servers running . If you value what you read , please consider becoming a member .
Real Madrid
James Rodriguez may be on holiday in the U.S. , but the transfer speculation does n't rest with their name popping up on a daily basis in transfer news and speculation .
The Colombian star 's appearances dropped off and they saw little game-time under Zinedine Zidane , relegated to Real Madrid 's La Liga B-team while many of the the first XI rested between big European Champions League ties .
The fact that James has n't found a place under Zidane , and the growing boos from the crowd as their performances failed to set the Bernabéu alight have fanned the flames of transfer rumours , the latest coming from France .
Yahoo Sports France reported on Sunday that James is in `` advanced talks '' with PSG about a potential move to Paris .
`` PSG has hit the accelerator on the transfer market . After the arrival of Unai Emery , Hatem Ben Arfa and Grzegorz Krychowiak , the directors have turned their attention to James '' , said the french site , continuing :
`` According to information obtained by someone close to the president of the club , the negotiations are at an advanced stage with Jorge Mendes and James '' .
Yahoo concludes that `` the PSG board is in constant contact with James , who has shown interest in the project '' .
Mirroring what 's being said on many other sites , Yahoo Sport states that Manchester United and Chelsea have also shown interest in signing Real Madrid 's no.10 .
Building the Tools for Icy Moons
With my own memories of the July 4 , 1997 landing of Mars Pathfinder at Chryse Planitia as fresh as yesterday , it 's hard to believe that we are looking at the 20th anniversary of rover operations on the planet . But as the Curiosity rover continues its travels and we look toward the Mars 2020 rover mission , we 're also taking a much longer look ahead at the worlds where life may be more likely to be found , the icy moons of Jupiter and Saturn .
Ponder this : Testing at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory is showing that ice grains in conditions like we will encounter on places like Enceladus or Europa can behave like sand dunes . That means fine grains that could stall an improperly designed rover , leading NASA engineers to begin rethinking designs harking back to the early days of Moon exploration , lightweight commercial wheels attached to a flexible chassis , a system that has worked for a variety of missions but will need adjustment for future work . The rovers that use these systems will , in the case of moons like Europa , need serious attention to radiation hardening .
Image : Artist 's concept of Europa 's frozen surface . Credit : JPL-Caltech .
The project looking into extreme environments for these next generation rovers is called the Ocean Worlds Mobility and Sensing study , which is developing prototypes for sample acquisition on icy moons . Working tricky environments like Enceladus means coping with fissures that blow jets of material out into space . And Europa 's challenge goes far beyond Jupiter 's cascading radiation given the need to get through surface ice to sample the subsurface ocean . On Titan , we prepare for a possibly mushy ethane-rich surface .
“ In the future , we want to answer the question of whether there 's life on the moons of the outer planets — on Europa , Enceladus and Titan , ” says Tom Cwik , who leads JPL 's Space Technology Program . “ We 're working with NASA Headquarters to identify the specific systems we need to build now , so that in 10 or 15 years , they could be ready for a spacecraft . ”
The Europa work is particularly interesting given the question of astrobiology in the Europan ocean . The biggest problem for designers right now is that we have no certainty about the thickness of the surface ice , which could conceivably extend as deep as 20 kilometers . Richard Greenberg has argued in Unmasking Europa ( Copernicus 2008 ) that the evidence of surface melt-through of Europan ice points to ice as thin as five kilometers . Whatever the case , so-called ‘ melt probe ' designs are being scaled up for the challenge .
The JPL work on melt probes is led by Brian Wilcox , who has concluded that the thickness of Europan ice , in comparison with the Earth ices that conventional melt probes have coped with , demands an emphasis on heat efficiency . Wilcox is examining a vacuum-insulated capsule that uses a heat source like plutonium to keep its energy as it sinks into the ice . At one end , a rotating sawblade turns and cuts ever deeper , while pushing ice chips into the body of the probe , where they are melted and pumped out behind it .
The idea is that the water would be sampled in the midst of this process , with some being returned to the surface lander through pneumatic tubing . There it would be checked for biosignatures . And given concerns about possible contamination by Earthly life , Wilcox would heat the probe to almost 500° C during the cruise phase of the flight , thus killing off any residual organisms that may be hitching a ride from Earth .
“ We think there are glacier-like ice flows deep within Europa 's frozen crust , ” Wilcox said . “ Those flows churn up material from the ocean down below . As this probe tunnels into the crust , it could be sampling waters that may contain biosignatures , if any exist . ”
This JPL news release offers more , including work on a new generation of robotic arms that will out-reach our Mars rovers , which have never extended beyond about 2.5 meters from the base unit . JPL is looking at a robotic arm with a 10 meter extension , and is also considering a projectile launcher that can fire a sampling mechanism to distances of 50 meters . Having obtained the sample , the device would be reeled in by a tether .
These technologies are designed to be used along with an ice-gripping claw which could have a coring drill attached to it for taking surface samples at locations of interest . The drill would be able to reach about 20 centimeters below the surface ice . The ice claw itself would be deployed from a boom arm and would anchor itself with heated prongs that melt into the ice to secure the unit . It would then penetrate the ice with its drill bit to collect the needed sample .
Image : A robotic claw , one of several innovative tools developed at JPL for exploring icy , ocean worlds like Europa . Credit : NASA/JPL-Caltech .
The Ocean Worlds Mobility and Sensing site is sparse at the moment but it 's one you might want to keep an eye on as the effort continues . NASA is considering a second phase of the study that would be tapped as we work out the overall design of any icy moons lander .
Rochester , N.Y. ( WHAM ) - Rochester 's mayor wants an apology from the artistic director of Geva Theater and said they wo n't address their concerns about a new performing arts center until they get one .
`` I think to use language that 's demeaning is wrong ... and I 'm not going to address any of their comments because of it , '' Warren told 13 WHAMs Jane Flasch .
Mayor Warren is offended about a remark made Monday involving the word `` naïve . ''
`` I think the artistic director actually owes me an apology , '' Warren said . `` Men calling women naïve this day and age is wrong . ''
Geva says they are taking it out of context . Earlier this month , artistic director Mark Cuddy questioning , among other things , the sudden April announcement to locate a performing arts center with an $ 85 million theater on the valuable former Midtown site known as Parcel 5 . In the letter , Cuddy said more study is needed .
In a press conference Monday , they took issue with something the mayor said .
`` She is quoted as saying Syracuse is a college town , Buffalo has sports teams . We are a city of the arts and we have to have a venue that gives us that title , '' Cuddy said .
`` We find that thinking to be naive at best , '' Cuddy went on to say .
Cuddy did elaborate to say Rochester is already rich with theater , symphony , arts and culture . A new theater , they said , might add to that but not define it . The idea , not the mayor , is shortsighted .
`` Mark Cuddy ... did not call the Mayor `` naïve '' . We are sorry the mayor took it that way , '' Geva said in an emailed statement .
Mayor Warren sees it differently . `` We can agree to disagree on an approach but I think to use that language is wrong , '' they said . `` He owes the women in this community and the young girls an apology . ''
The war of words overshadows real questions about whether arts group will support the PAC and whether the New York State will help pay for it .
Billionaire Tom Golisano has pledged $ 25 million for the theater which will anchor a 13 story residential and retail center . The total cost of the project is $ 130 million . Mayor Warren has sent a letter to Governor Cuomo seeking $ 20 million .
Assembly Majority Leader Joe Morelle has called the request `` irresponsible . '' Mayor Warren said they have since provided them with a detailed study on the project and its feasibility .
`` We worked with the Lincoln Center in New York City and with Cleveland that re-did their ( theater ) ; that was information they did not have , '' Warren said . `` I 'm thankful that he 's willing to listen . ''
Here is the full statement issued by Geva :
Mark Cuddy , in their remarks on Monday afternoon that are published in written form , did not call the Mayor “ naïve ” . We are sorry that the Mayor took it that way . We stand by our statement that we find building a 3,000-seat theater on Parcel 5 to be the thing that makes us the City of the Arts to be flawed . We are happy to join the City 's administration in a new discussion about how best to support our thriving arts & cultural community .
Page two of the original statement by Geva contains the full paragraph with the `` naïve '' statement .
`` Our memo has less to do with the role RBTL plays in our community and much more to do with the Mayor choosing this project for Parcel 5 in an effort to brand Rochester as the City of the Arts . They are quoted as stating 'Syracuse is a college sports town , Buffalo has pro teams : we are the City of the Arts and we have to have a venue that gives us that title . ' We find that thinking to be naïve at best . ''
You can read the entire transcript on .
The Supreme Court of the United States ( SCOTUS ) will be deciding the case of ABC vs. Aereo . Nothing shorter than the future of over-the-air ( OTA ) and Internet TV is at stake . No , I 'm not kidding .
Here 's where the legal problem arises . Services , such as Netflix , Hulu , and Amazon and devices like Apple TV , Roku , and Google Chromecast all make it easy to watch Internet TV . Many of the major OTA networks—ABC , NBC , Fox and ZDNet 's parent company CBS—however do n't make it easy to watch all their shows on the Internet . Many people want to cut the cable or satellite cord , but find it hard to watch the major broadcast networks even with an OTA antenna . Aereo makes it easy for users to watch their local OTA TV over the internet .
Aereo combines several simple Internet TV ideas to deliver OTA TV to Internet users . It works like this : Aereo sets up clusters of miniature antennas in an area , such as New York City . When you sign up for the service , you are assigned two of those antennas . One is for watching live shows and the other is for recording programs . Your local OTA shows are then streamed to a cloud-based digital video recorder ( DVR ) -like service .
When you want to watch your local TV stations , you can watch your shows on PCs with up-to-date versions of Firefox , Chrome , Safari , Opera , or Internet Explorer Web browsers . You can also watch shows on Apple iPads ; iPhones running iOS 4.x or better ; Apple TV , using Airplay ; Roku units with 3.0 or higher firmware , and on Android as a beta program . With a computer and Chromecast , you can also `` cast '' your show from a PC-based Chrome Web browser to your HDTV .
The TV networks hate this idea . Rather than allow their shows to be streamed to users , Major broadcasters and media companies such as News Corp. , Walt Disney , Comcast , CBS , NBC and Univision have all sued Aereo . Fox even threatened to take its stations off the air entirely and turn the `` Fox broadcast network to a pay channel . '' These companies are afraid they 'll lose all control of how their content is distributed and that in turn will ruin their local TV stations and destroy the value of their cable and satellite TV deals . '' This case is expected to be heard in April 2014 .
In this latest case , which SCOTUS has taken up , the issue is , `` Whether a company 'publicly performs ' a copyrighted television program when it retransmits a broadcast of that program to thousands of paid subscribers over the Internet . '' This is `` a major dispute on the right of the television industry to stop the Internet streaming of its copyrighted programs by a firm that does so without permission and without paying anything . ''
This case follows up on the United States Court of Appeals decision to not uphold an injunction that would have blocked Aereo 's technology and business plans . Aereo welcomes its day in court . Aereo CEO and Founder Chet Kanojia said in a statement :
We said from the beginning that it was our hope that this case would be decided on the merits and not through a wasteful war of attrition . We look forward to presenting our case to the Supreme Court and we have every confidence that the Court will validate and preserve a consumer 's right to access local over-the-air television with an individual antenna , make a personal recording with a DVR , and watch that recording on a device of their choice .
This case is critically important not only to Aereo , but to the entire cloud computing and cloud storage industry . The landmark Second Circuit decision in Cablevision provided much needed clarity for the cloud industry and as a result , helped foster massive investment , growth and innovation in the sector . The challenges outlined in the broadcasters ' filings make it clear that they are using Aereo as a proxy to attack Cablevision itself and thus , undermine a critical foundation of the cloud computing and storage industry .
We believe that consumers have a right to use an antenna to access over-the-air television and to make personal recordings of those broadcasts . The broadcasters are asking the Court to deny consumers the ability to use the cloud to access a more modern-day television antenna and DVR . If the broadcasters succeed , the consequences to consumers and the cloud industry are chilling .
No matter who wins , the future of OTA and Internet TV will be changed forever . If Aereo wins , millions of users will gain Internet access to their local OTA broadcasts ... and perhaps the major networks will encrypt or otherwise make their OTA presentations unwatchable to non-subscribers . This would be the end of free broadcast TV . Or , if ABC wins , it will have a freezing effect on Internet video .
It 's far too early to say how a decision either way will play out . What I can say already is that this is going to change how we watch TV in the years to come .
Related Stories :
before after
Noted Jan. 5 , 2015 by Armin Industry / Aviation
About
( Est . 1932 ) “ Alaska Airlines , a subsidiary of Alaska Air Group ( NYSE : ALK ) , together with its partner regional airlines , serves more than 100 cities through an expansive network in Alaska , the Lower 48 , Hawaii , Canada and Mexico . Alaska Airlines ranked ‘ Highest in Customer Satisfaction Among Traditional Network Carriers ' in the J.D . Power and Associates for seven consecutive years from 2008 to 2014 . ”
Design by
N/A
Related links
Alaska Beyond announcement
Images ( opinion after )
Alaska lettering comparison .
Logo detail .
“ Alaska Beyond ” inflight entertainment launch .
Opinion
The happiest about this redesign is most likely the old `` a '' , which is n't getting kicked in the nuts any more by the `` k '' . Gone too is the rough-edged look that hinted at the wilder and nature-y aspect of Alaska . It 's cleaner and crisper , sure , but what remains is an awkward wordmark with less personality than its predecessor .
Thanks to some generous artists and our SyncRPG supporters , we 've recently added some new maps to the free-to-use library on SyncRPG ! As described in Our mission , we hope to continuously expand the collection of maps and token art available on SyncRPG for everyone to play with , and to easily share their creations with others online .
First , we have a pack of eight plains and fourteen jungle maps by Gabriel Pickard . The jungle maps are featured in Captured by Adventure , and can be used to enhance your player 's escape from the Dankwood with custom encounters . The plains are perfect for encounters in the rolling countryside of the Three Rivers Valley , featured in the one-shot games of the Riverford Freelancers and the second Tempest digital module , The Rescue of Doniert Ironvale . As with their last set of maps from Gabriel , some of the maps have dynamic effects , such as rising waters during a flash flood , pit traps that pop out of the ground , and collapsing archways ! If you enjoy their style , think about buying something from their store on the Roll20 marketplace . And do n't worry : any art you buy there will be usable with SyncRPG !
Next we have a few dozen map tiles from Kristian Richards , consisting of many of their dungeon monthly pieces that I should have “ VTTified ” earlier , and a small group of mine-based tiles they finished more recently . All of these tiles will snap together with all the other map tiles that you can find on SyncRPG to create unique dungeons . All of these were created through their Patreon project , and released freely for anyone for non-commercial use . If you like what you see , consider supporting them there , or by buying something from their store on DriveThruRPG .
We 're excited to share these new maps with the community , and hope that you all enjoy them ! If you 'd like to see a specific type of map or token art for a specific character or monster , let us know by heading over to our Google+ community or our fourms !
Discuss 'New Maps ! ' on the SyncRPG forums
US Secretary of State John Kerry . AP
The Obama administration is preparing to target nearly a dozen companies and individuals in Iran , the United Arab Emirates , and Hong Kong for their suspected role in helping develop Iran 's missile program and supporting human-rights abuses and international terrorism , The Wall Street Journal reports , citing US officials .
The new actions would be the first US sanctions imposed on Iran since the historic nuclear deal in July .
According to The WSJ , the White House was recently warned by Iranian officials that new sanctions would be considered by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei as a violation of the brokered nuclear agreement .
Kerry shakes hands with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif . Rick Wilking/Reuters The US , however , maintains that the US Treasury Department retains the right to blacklist Iranian entities despite the July agreement , arguing that areas of missile development , terrorism , and human rights are separate from the nuclear deal .
Furthermore , a UN Security Council panel ruled this month that Iran violated paragraph nine of Security Council resolution 1929 by test-firing an Emad rocket on October 10 .
Under the terms of the nuclear deal , Iran must scale back its nuclear facilities as well as export almost all of its low-enriched uranium in exchange for the lifting of international financial sanctions .
According to The WSJ report , the Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control will administer sanctions to the following :
Hossein Pournaghshband and their UAE-based company Mabrooka Trading for `` allegedly aiding Iranian state companies in acquiring carbon fiber for Iran 's missile program . ''
Hong Kong-based Anhui Land Group , for acquiring materials and financing a carbon-fiber production line . Carbon fiber is a key component for missile development .
Five Iranian officials from the Ministry of Defense for Armed Forces Logistics and subsidiaries for `` allegedly working on the ballistic-missile program . ''
Sayyed Javad Musavi , the commercial director of Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group .
1 . Four other members of the Custer family died at the Battle of Little Bighorn .
Among the force of more than 200 men wiped out by the Lakota Sioux and Cheyenne warriors on June 25 , 1876 , were Custer 's 18-year-old nephew , Henry Reed , brother-in-law James Calhoun and two younger brothers , Boston and Thomas ( a Civil War veteran and two-time Medal of Honor recipient ) .
2 . Their nickname was “ Autie . ”
Custer 's mispronunciation of their middle name when they first began to speak was adopted by their family as their nickname . The moniker stuck with them for their entire life and was used by their wife , Libbie , as a term of endearment .
3 . Custer graduated last in their class at West Point .
Custer was known by their fellow cadets at the U.S. Military Academy as the “ dare-devil of the class ” who devoted more energy to pranks than to their academic studies . Custer 's voluminous record of demerits earned them extra guard duty on most Saturdays , but they did manage to graduate from West Point in 1861 , albeit as the lowest-ranking cadet , now known as “ the goat . ”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
4 . Custer was the youngest Civil War general in the Union Army .
Although Custer struggled in the classroom , they excelled on the battlefield . After joining the Army of the Potomac 's cavalry following their graduation , they gained notice for their daring cavalry charges , bold leadership style and tactical brilliance . In June 1863 , Custer was promoted to the rank of brigadier general at the age of 23 , and they cemented their reputation as the “ Boy General ” days later at the Battle of Gettysburg when they repelled a pivotal Confederate assault led by J.E.B . Stuart . By the end of the Civil War , Custer had risen to the rank of major general .
5 . Their wife received the table on which the Civil War surrender terms were drafted .
Custer served the Army of the Potomac with distinction from the First Battle of Bull Run in 1861 to Appomattox Court House four years later . Custer 's forces blocked Confederate General Robert E. Lee 's final retreat , and they received the white truce flag signifying Lee 's wish to meet with Union General Ulysses S. Grant . Custer was present in the front parlor of Wilmer McLean 's home on April 9 , 1865 , when Lee surrendered to Grant . General Philip Sheridan purchased the small spool-turned table used by Grant to draft and sign the terms of surrender and gave it to Libbie Custer in gratitude for their husband 's service . “ Permit me to say , Madam , ” Sheridan wrote to Libbie , “ that there is scarcely an individual in our service who has contributed more to bring about this desirable result than your gallant husband. ” After Libbie 's death in 1933 , their will specified that the table be given to the Smithsonian Institution .
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching ! Visit Website
6 . Custer scented their hair with cinnamon oil .
The flamboyant Custer paid great attention to their appearance . They wore a black velvet uniform with coils of gold lace , spurs on their boots , a red scarf around their neck and a large , broad-brimmed sombrero . Custer took particular pride in their cascading golden locks , which they perfumed with cinnamon oil .
7 . Custer was twice court-martialed .
Prior to graduating from West Point , Custer was court-martialed for neglect of duty in failing to stop a fight between two cadets when they were officer of the guard and received a light punishment . Much more serious was their 1867 court-martial in which they were convicted on eight counts that included conduct to the prejudice of good order and military discipline , and absence without leave from their command after they left part of their regiment on the Kansas frontier while they returned without orders to Fort Riley in order to see Libbie . Custer was suspended from rank and command without pay for a year , but Sheridan reinstated them after 10 months to lead a bloody campaign against the Cheyenne .
8 . Buffalo Bill helped to mythologize Custer 's Last Stand .
After Custer 's death , their widow devoted the remaining 57 years of their life writing books and delivering lectures that cast their husband as a martyr who gallantly staged their “ Last Stand. ” William “ Buffalo Bill ” Cody , who had briefly scouted for Custer , also contributed to the mythmaking . Weeks after the Battle of Little Bighorn , they killed and scalped a Cheyenne warrior named Yellow Hair and declared it “ the first scalp for Custer. ” Buffalo Bill replayed the scene repeatedly throughout their theatrical career and incorporated a re-enactment of “ Custer 's Last Rally , ” complete with several Native Americans who had actually been present at the Battle of Little Bighorn , into their famed Wild West show .
9 . Custer was thought to have lived a charmed life .
During the Civil War , the “ Boy General ” seemed to have such a streak of good fortune , which included their avoidance of serious injury in spite of their daring command and having 11 horses shot out from under him , that is been referred to as “ Custer 's luck. ” The revival of their military career after their 1867 court-martial furthered the perception that Custer lived a charmed life , but Custer 's luck ran out at Little Bighorn .
10 . Ronald Reagan played Custer on the big screen .
The future president played the role of a young Custer in the 1940 western “ Santa Fe Trail , ” a box-office success that abounded in historical inaccuracies . Reagan starred opposite Errol Flynn , who played J.E.B . Stuart , on the hunt for abolitionist John Brown in pre-Civil War Kansas . A year later , Flynn starred as Custer in the highly mythologized biopic “ They Died With Their Boots On . ”
UPDATE : July 3 , 2017
Although the Kailua-Kona fireworks are set to kick off at 8 p.m. , event officials have disclosed that despite generous donations , funding has come up short for this year 's extravaganza .
“ Our cost for this professional show over Kailua Bay is $ 35,625.00 for a 10-minute show , ” said Kailua-Kona Community Parade Association member Barbara Kossow . “ Currently , we have $ 26,500 in hand through the generosity of our sponsors [ see below ] . ”
“ Folks may question the cost of the fireworks display , but keep in mind it includes the barge , permits , insurance , transportation , security and of course the fireworks and personnel running the show , ” said Kossow .
“ For hundreds of years , even before Francis Scott Key wrote about ‘ the rocket 's red glare , the bombs bursting in air , ' folks of all ages have been awed by the bright lights and loud noise of fireworks , ” Kossow added . “ Kailua Kona is no exception . Fireworks are an integral part of our Independence Day celebration . ”
It is not too late to make an online donation : visit www.paradesinkona.com .
call the Kona Mayor 's Office at ( 808 ) 323-4444 for more information .
ADVERTISEMENT
PREVIOUS POST : June 25 , 2017
Get set for Fourth of July fun in Kona on Tuesday , July 4 .
The Kailua-Kona Community Parade Association 's 22nd Annual Kailua-Kona Independence Parade will begin at 6 p.m. at Kona Kekuaokalani Gym ( near the Kona Old Airport ) and proceed down Kuakini Highway and Palani Road to Ali ‘ i Drive , finishing at Coconut Grove Marketplace .
The theme of the parade is “ Stars and Stripes Forever ! ”
This year 's Grand Marshal is Command Sgt . Major James K. Hussey , U.S. Army ( retired ) , of Kailua-Kona .
The fireworks show by Hawai ‘ i Explosives & Pyrotechnics Inc. will kick off at 8 p.m .
The 10-minute show is produced off a barge in Kailua Bay , with widespread visibility .
Sponsors of the fireworks include the County of Hawai ' i , Kona Commons , Royal Kona Resort , King Kamehameha 's Kona Beach Hotel , McDonald 's , Manini Holdings , Ironman Foundation , Bubba Gump Shrimp Company , Coconut Grove Marketplace and SVN Clark Commercial Group .
For more information , or to become a sponsor , visit www.paradesinkona.com .
You may also call the Kona Mayor 's Office at 323-4444 for more information .
Event attendees should park at Kona Old Airport , where spaces are plentiful .
There are many places to park and walk to the village area to enjoy the parade and the fireworks .
Vegans and vegetarians are not only typically healthier than those who eat meat , they 're also eating food that consumes fewer resources . Eating less meat is a great eco-friendly step you can take in your life to help the planet . Still , everyone from foodies to flexitarians enjoy meat from time to time , and there are plenty of ways to enjoy recipes with meat while still being considerate of the planet . Here are some helpful tips and options complete with recipes .
1 . Go grassfed .
( Image via chewingthecud )
Grass is the cow 's natural diet , and it makes for healthier animals and tastier meat . Grassfed standards also require sustainable practices as part of the equation , so always choose grassfed beef to avoid the factory-farmed Meatrix .
Recipe : steak salad .
2 . Look for a meat CSA .
( Image via chewingthecud )
Support local community farmers and ranchers , and reduce your carbon impact , by buying from a meat CSA whenever possible .
Recipe : pork chops and easy mashed potatoes .
3 . Go for oysters .
( Image via Chincoteague )
Farmed oysters are a great choice . Not only are they healthy , but they 're good for the planet . Oysters will not grow if the water is not clean or if conditions are unsustainable , so unlike many fish farming practices , oyster farming is inherently eco-friendly . They are also filter feeders , meaning they do n't require additional food resources . And they clean the water .
Recipe : creamy winter oyster bisque . ( note : for recipes , use local or organic ingredients whenever possible ) .
4 . Pick the best shrimp .
( Image via Spicelines )
You might think wild is best , and you 'd be right – American wild shrimp is the most eco-friendly option for this shellfish . Farmed may contain contaminants , and other wild shrimp may be harvested by companies that do not use nets that are environmentally friendly or safe for other animals like sea turtles .
Recipe : easy , spicy grilled shrimp .
5 . Enjoy sardines .
( Image via Algarve )
They 're tasty , full of heart-healthy fats , and they 're low on the food chain so they have minimal impact on the environment . They can be an acquired taste for some , but they go well on everything from pasta to toasted wheat bread to omelets . And sardines are sustainable .
Recipe : cucumber , egg and sardine sandwich .
6 . Eat smart sushi .
( Image via serious eats )
Know which sushi is likely to be full of mercury ( bad for you ) or from a threatened fishery ( bad for the planet ) . There are choices that are sustainable , like albacore tuna , but you should skip the toro .
Recipe : tuna maki with brown rice .
7 . Reduce portions .
( Image via camperogrilled )
This is a very simple way to trim the fat off your own waistline while helping the planet . In most cultures and throughout most of human history , meat consumption has been a minimal part of the diet . The factory farming method required to produce the amount of meat we like to eat is not sustainable or healthy . Americans in particular eat far more animal protein than they need . Try reducing your portions down to 2-4 ounces per serving . Eat meat as an accent to vegetables and salads rather than as the major part of the meal .
Recipe : spinach salad with grilled chicken , mushrooms and balsamic vinegar .
8 . Choose the best fish .
( Image via naturemoms )
The Monterey Bay Aquarium and the Blue Ocean Institute have excellent guides to help you determine which fish is healthiest and most sustainable . Avoid things like farmed salmon , Chilean sea bass and mahi mahi .
Recipe : wild Alaskan salmon with lemon and dill .
9 . Know which chicken is best .
( Image via northrup )
Many chickens are raised in deplorable , crowded conditions , subjected to painful debeaking and tiny crates that are filthy . They 're fed a diet high in hormones and antibiotics just to make it to your table , and as a result they tend to be very high in saturated fat – almost as much as beef . And conventional chicken farming is bad for people in more ways than one . Choose only free range , organic chicken .
Recipe : homemade chicken noodle soup with vegetables .
10 . Enjoy exotics .
( Image via leafhouse )
Try emu , ostrich , bison , elk , wild boar and other less popular meats that may be caught and slaughtered in more sustainable ways .
Recipe : wild boar Korean meatballs .
11 . Avoid the drive-through . And Britney .
( Image via People )
Fast food supports rainforest deforestation , pollution and inhumane animal conditions . Most meat at the drive-through is heavily processed , factory-produced fare . Go for a green restaurant instead – there are many across the United States .
Recipe : how to make fried chicken at home with healthy baked sweet potato fries .
12 . Smart meat-eating tips .
( Image via channel4 )
Use every part of the animal – eat the organs , make stock from the bones , do what our grandparents did and do n't waste anything . Buy organic or local .
Recipe : how to make your own chicken broth .
Words are coming out of my mouth , but they seem detached . The effluent flows uncontrollably into the swarming background fuzz . I could , like Deepak Chopra or someone whose diet consisted solely of Rocky Mountain oysters , be spouting any old bollocks .
My attention starts to peel away from the corporeal grit of the experience . Instead , time slows as I painstakingly abstract significance from their words and gestures . I think we 're talking about music . My eyes saccade all over their face , and my awareness of this only augments the countervailing pressure to also hold steady eye contact .
Be normal , do n't fuck this up .
As it usually does in even the most perfunctory or romantically uncharged of conversations , the eye contact becomes uncomfortable , so I look around the room . A mutual friend is watching the discourse like a patient butler , half bored , half awaiting their cue for interjection . There is nothing in their expression to gauge my performance in the main conversation .
Alas , too much time elapses ; so I am forced to resume contact with the original face : It lets out a short globular laugh . Have I just made a joke ? Is it possible that the effluent contained some witticism , some enamouring clamour ? I see myself as a sexual gold-panner , feverishly panning their communicative river in the vain hope of some nugget of interest .
Aaargh , I need some sign , some confirmation that I might be in here .
The analysis continues . My eyes slowly drift to their right , when one gesture protrudes in my consciousness . Infinite curls of blonde hair erupt laterally over their shoulder like overheated porridge brimming over the edge of an excessively microwaved bowl . Within these sinuous curls their right index finger worms around , creating hirsute ripples that glisten in the light .
They are playing with their hair .
Yes , I 'm in here surely !
A presumably natural break occurs in the conversation and so I retire to the kitchen with the previously on-looking , mutual friend .
“ I think Felicity likes me ! ” I proclaim .
“ Really , what makes you think that ? ” replies Kate .
“ We had a pretty long conversation and they were playing with them hair . ”
Kate drolly responds , “ Ha ! Girls play with their hair all the time , you ca n't take that as a sign that she 's interested in you ! ”
Unfortunately for me , Kate is right .
Cupid and Chlamydia
A girl playing with their hair is a poor indicator of them having a romantic interest in you . To borrow a term from epidemiology , the hair-playing test has a low positive-predictive value .
But what does that even mean ? Perhaps some clarification is in order . Let us briefly depart from the triviality of annoyingly prolonged celibacy to the hilarity , sorry graveness , of a medical disease , say , chlamydia .
With regards to the disease , people may either have chlamydia or not have chlamydia . This is known as the disease status .
In order to diagnose chlamydia , a physician will want to undertake some tests . Let 's take one of these , say a urine test . Unfortunately urine tests are not always correct , so physicians need some way to objectively assess how reliable they are at picking up certain diseases .
Now , imagine one person with chlamydia . They go to their doctor and gets a urine test , which , lo and behold , indicates the presence of the C. Trachomatis bacterium causing chlamydia . In epidemiological terms , this person represents a true positive – someone who has the disease and is correctly identified by the test as having the disease .
In order to ensure that as many of the right people as possible get appropriate treatment , a good test ought to maximise the amount of true positive cases .
Sometimes , however , the test can give the wrong result . Another person may indeed have chlamydia ( he is positive in disease status ) , but the test incorrectly indicates that they do n't have chlamydia ( he is negative in test status ) . This person is known as a false negative .
Clearly , someone who actually has a disease but is wrongly given the all-clear is going to miss-out on potentially life-prolonging treatment . With regards to chlamydia , they or they may continue subversively mocking my 27 year-long dry spell by shagging lots of other people and , in the process , passing on the disease to others . In addition to maximising the amount of true positives then , a good test ought to minimise the amount of false negative cases .
In other words , when someone actually has a disease , we want the test to have a high probability of correctly identifying them as having the disease . This is known as the sensitivity of a test .
Sensitivity is the probability that a test will be positive when the disease is present .
Looking at the table below , we measure sensitivity by calculating the proportion of those correctly identified by the test as having chlamydia ( true positives ) to all those who in fact have chlamydia ( the sum of true positives and false negatives ) .
Lots of people are fortunate enough not to have chlamydia . It 's actually one of the few perks of adult virginity ; almost enough to mitigate the adult virgin 's pariah status , stigmatisation , and incessant , unwarranted media stereotyping as overweight , chronic masturbators harbouring a child-like fascination with My Little Pony . The stereotype is not true ; we 're not all overweight .
Anyhow , a urine test of these people ought to show up negative . These cases are true negatives – someone who does n't have the disease and is correctly identified as not having the disease . A good test would maximise the amount of true negatives .
Unfortunately , some people will test positive but in fact not have the disease at all . These are known as false positives .
Informing someone that they have chlamydia when in fact they do n't is a practical joke even Harold Shipman may have thought twice about . Wrongly diagnosing someone with a disease also has repercussions in terms of exposing that person to unnecessary , possibly damaging , treatment . Therefore , a good test , in addition to maximising the amount of true negatives , ought to minimise the number of false positives .
Put simply , when someone is disease-free , we want the test to have a high chance of correctly showing that they do not have the disease . This is known as specificity .
Specificity is the probability a test will be negative when the disease is absent .
Specificity is measured by calculating the proportion of those correctly identified by the test as not having chlamydia ( true negatives ) to all those who actually do not have the disease ( true negatives plus false positives ) .
In addition to values for sensitivity and specificity , we may also work back from the test results to see whether someone has the disease or not . In this vein , the positive predictive value measures the probability that a disease is present when the test is positive . Logically then , negative predictive value is the probability the disease is not present when the test is negative .
The differences between sensitivity , specificity , positive and negative predictive values are subtle , but hopefully the table and equations below will elucidate things .
Sensitivity = True Positives / ( True Positives + False negatives )
Specificity = True Negatives / ( True Negatives + False Positives )
Positive predictive value = True Positives / ( True Positives + False Positives )
Negative predictive value = True Negatives / ( True Negatives + False Negatives )
In Hirsute of Love
Right , so why have I wasted 719 words being so painfully didactic ? Perhaps it 's an uncomfortably apt analogy , but a girl being romantically interested in me may be compared to having a disease . She 'll either consider going out with me or not . If they are indeed interested , we can say that they are positive in “ disease status . ”
Being British , directly asking a girl whether or not they like me is tantamount to social Harakiri . It would be less embarrassing and more self-effacing to pull down my trousers and ask them what they thought of my withered genitalia . Naturally , I 'm prone to use other diagnostic tests to assess their potential for reciprocating romantic interest . The diagnostic test in question is the hair-playing test . A positive result on the test equates to their playing with their hair , a negative result is them not playing with their hair . Simple .
Now , let 's make a new table for the hair playing test . I reckon I have probably conversed meaningfully with around 100 girls . Of course , there is no way of knowing whether all of these girls liked me or not . Instead , I will use an average of my success rates at eliciting a response or match on OKCupid and Tinder respectively . That 's approximately 15 % , so lets pretend that of the 100 girls with whom I conversed , 15 of them were willing to go out with me . In reality , that 's probably a massive overestimate , but never mind .
I went on a few dates using OKCupid and the overwhelming majority of girls played with their hair during conversation . So let 's say that of those 15 girls who were actually interested in me , 14 of them played with their hair . These 14 girls tested positive on the hair test and so represent true positives .
Positive predictive value = 14/84 = 16.67 %
Negative predictive value = 15/16 = 93.75 %
Sensitivity = 14/15 = 93.33 %
Specificity = 15/70 = 21.42 %
As you can see , this gives a remarkably high sensitivity of 14/15 or 93 % . From this we can surmise that if a girl actually likes you , there is a high chance they will play with their hair . Only 1 girl ( the false negative ) did n't play with their hair , yet still liked me .
Excellent , so Felicity must have been interested in me , right ? Not necessarily . As previously mentioned by Kate , girls always play with their hair : when they 're bored , when they 're stressed , or when it 's cold and they forgot their gloves so needed another means of warming their hands . Of the 100 people I met , lots of them , about 84 , played with their hair . Yet , only 14 of these people were genuinely interested in me . The remaining 70 played with their hair , thus testing positive , but were actually not interested in me at all : they were false positives .
The positive predictive value of the hair-playing test is then 14/84 or 16.7 % , which is quite low . This suggests that just because a girl plays with their hair , there is a low chance they actually like you : the vast majority are just playing with their hair for whatever other reason .
But what if a girl does n't play with them hair , what does that mean ? I have met 15 people who did n't play with their hair , and it as fairly obvious from subsequent conversation , that they were n't interested in me . They either already had boyfriends , or , more likely , hated me for reducing female behaviour into 2×2 tables . As mentioned , only the 1 girl did n't play with them yet was interested in me . Maybe they were bald , I ca n't remember .
The negative predictive value is high , at 93.75 % . This suggests that , if a girl does n't play with their hair ( thus testing negative ) , they are unlikely to be interested in you .
Given that there of lots of girls that play with their hair , but are not interested in me , it should be no surprise that such girls have a fairly low chance of not playing with their hair . This is reflected in a low specificity of 21.42 % .
To summarise ; a girl playing with their hair as a diagnostic test of romantic interest has a high sensitivity and a high negative predictive value . If a girl is truly interested in you , they are likely to play with their hair . If a girl does n't play with their locks , then it 's highly likely you should stop fantasising about them and move onto your next infatuation . But , when this next girl plays with their hair , a low positive predictive value would suggest that , rather than subliminally communicating romantic interest , they are probably removing the drool of saliva that you have inadvertently precipitated upon them through your awkward , Hugh Grant-style stuttering .
Advertisements
Almost nine out of ten refugees report having witnessed some manner of explosive violence in or while fleeing their home country , according to research carried out by UK-based NGO and conflict zone monitor Action on Armed Violence ( AOAV ) .
In a recent 5-month-long study , AOAV investigators interviewed over 250 asylum seekers and ten legal advocates , social workers and aid workers across Germany , Greece and the UK , in an effort to determine why so many choose to run and how adequate Europe 's effort to accommodate and assist them has been .
Currently there are approximately 65 million people around the world displaced by violence , persecution and conflict , a majority of which find themselves in the Middle East and Africa .
The situation in Europe :
In 2016 , Europe accepted almost 590,000 asylum seekers , with Germany vehemently leading the charge by housing close to 480,000 of these in migrant camps and communities across the country .
Given its close proximity to conflict-embroiled nations such as Syria , Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , and South Sudan , Europe finds itself at the centre of what many have called the largest refugee crisis since the Second World War .
This has resulted in a concurrent rise of anti-immigrant , anti-Muslim and anti-EU sentiment across the continent , most obviously in the shape of last year 's contentious Brexit referendum and the swell in popularity of right-leaning groups like France 's Front National , until recently led by presidential candidate Marine Le Pen , and Greece 's neo-fascist Golden Dawn .
AOAV notes that while resentment of asylum seekers may arise from the combination of many different factors , including fears about terrorism and the so-called ‘ Islamization ' of western societies , high unemployment rates , and general economic instability , it is difficult to determine which holds the most sway .
At times , a distrust of asylum seekers can be attributed to simple uncertainty or ignorance about the legitimacy of their need to relocate .
“ They rejected my asylum application because they believed I could move to another area in Iraq , ” Ahmad , a former resident of Tikrit told AOAV researchers .
“ They do n't understand that there is nowhere I could move to in Iraq where I would be safe . ”
Despite having seen two of their brothers killed in Iraq , Ahmad considers the country home and hopes to return once it is safe again . It is not yet clear when that will be , although the Iraqi military has been taking ground from Islamic State militants over the past few months .
Riam , a Syrian refugee and student in Bristol , told interviewers they had been warned not to return home by their sister .
“ In May 2016 my home town , Salamiyah , was bombed , ” they said .
“ There were also many suicide attacks across the city centre and even the coastal areas , which were considered safe . My sister sent me a message . It said ‘ do n't come back ' ”
Some newspapers across Europe , include the UK 's The Sun , the Daily Mail and the Daily Express , have been accused of exacerbating the situation by fuelling anti-migrant attitudes .
Katie Hopkins , a columnist for The Sun , was called out by UN representatives for referring to refugees as ‘ cockroaches ' and advocating threatening refugees with violence .
What compels refugees to flee ?
The 1951 Refugee Convention defines a refugee as someone who has left the country of their nationality due to a “ well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion ” .
In its April report , entitled The Refugee Explosion , AOAV argues that this definition 's focus on the identity , belief systems and circumstances of an individual is too limited and does not take into account the realities of a modern warfare dominated by excessive displacement and destruction resulting from explosive violence .
Drawing similar conclusions , a 2016 report by the non-profit Handicap International found that although civilians may be displaced for a litany of reasons , most regard the threat posed by explosive weaponry as the primary driving force behind their decision to migrate .
Between 2011 and 2016 , at least 233,949 people died or were injured by explosive violence , which commonly takes the form of airstrikes and shelling , suicide bombings , IED attacks , and even chemical bombardments . When weapons and tactics like these are used on populated areas , as they often are , generally over 90 % of fatalities are civilians .
As such , few population centres remain safe in war ravaged countries like Syria and Iraq and risks increase further when people choose to move between cities and villages .
“ When I went to visit my family in a village about 20km north of Aleppo in 2013 , there were rocket attacks , ” a Syrian refugee named Safi told AOAV interviewers .
“ Some days would be quiet or would only see a little violence and then suddenly your area would be targeted . The problem was that you never knew when your area would be targeted but it would only be a matter of time . ”
With their homes reduced to rubble and their safety not guaranteed , many internally displaced people feel there is little hope outside of leaving their birth countries altogether .
Having seen the horrors of war first hand , most carry with them severe psychological trauma and mental illnesses . A lack of adequate and stable support networks sees these conditions get worse over time .
Despite this , out of all of the asylum seekers interviewed by AOAV , only 20 % received counselling and support .
AOAV has recommended major reform in this and other areas and continues to advocate for refrain in the use explosive weaponry in warfare .
For more of this kind of content , follow Journalytic on Facebook or Twitter
( CNN ) Marco Rubio fired off an extended series of tweets late Monday night , alternating between sharp jabs and light jokes , aimed at a pair of Washington Post reports about their plans for their political future and their alleged `` hate '' for the Senate , a word the Florida senator disputes .
Criticizing the use of anonymous sources , Rubio , who has 1.36 million followers , took the opportunity to make an enigmatic joke about their political future , winking at their former rival Donald Trump
`` As for future in politics , well it 's nearly impossible for someone not in office to ever become a successful candidate for President . Right ? , '' they wrote , a possible nod to Trump -- the presumptive Republican presidential nominee -- who has never held elected public office .
As for future in politics , well it 's nearly impossible for someone not in office to ever become a successful candidate for President.Right ?
But Rubio also reiterated they planned to leave politics at the end of their Senate term , writing , `` I have only said like 10000 times I will be a private citizen in January . ''
I have only said like 10000 times I will be a private citizen in January .
The Republican former presidential hopeful criticized the anonymous sources cited in the Post stories on potential vice presidential candidates for Trump , reporting that Rubio was `` sort of betwixt and between when it comes to their next move '' and `` a bit at sea in terms of their next step politically '' -- be it staying in the senate , toeing the VP waters or leaving politics , their stated intention .
`` Funny to read about unnamed 'people close ' to me who claim to know my thinking on future plans . They just make it up , '' Rubio wrote
The former presidential candidate proceeded to criticize a Washington Post report from October , which cited another anonymous source claiming Rubio `` hates '' working in the Senate .
Funny to read about unnamed `` people close '' to me who claim to know my thinking on future plans.They just make it up . https : //t.co/jiEYMugVHz — Marco Rubio ( @ marcorubio ) May 17 , 2016
`` Flashback to another article quoting a 'longtime friend ' saying I 'hate ' Senate . Words I have NEVER said to anyone , '' they said
Flashback to another article quoting a `` longtime friend '' saying I `` hate '' Senate . Words I have NEVER said to anyone . https : //t.co/VZ9J7wznsZ — Marco Rubio ( @ marcorubio ) May 17 , 2016
Rubio also took issue with the use of anonymous sources in the reports , writing , `` Unnamed sources 'close to ' often just people who want to sound like they are in the know . And reporters desperate for content just accept it . ''
Unnamed sources `` close to '' often just people who want to sound like they are in the know . And reporters desperate for content just accept it — Marco Rubio ( @ marcorubio ) May 17 , 2016
They added , `` Word of advice , people often claim to know more than they really do because they enjoy status of being perceived as `` in the know . ''
Word of advice , people often claim to know more than they really do because they enjoy status of being perceived as `` in the know '' . — Marco Rubio ( @ marcorubio ) May 17 , 2016
CNN has reached out to the Washington Post for comment . Post reporter Callum Borcher , writing about Rubio 's tweets , sought to rebut some of the criticisms
`` To be clear , neither The Fix ( the Washington Post blog that published the story ) nor anyone else needs to rely on people close to Rubio to report that they wo n't be joining Trump on the GOP ticket , '' Borches wrote on the Post site . `` Rubio themselves said last week that they do n't want the job . And Trump said over the weekend that they are n't considering their onetime rival .
They wrote , `` The unnamed sources in Chris ' story simply indicated that Rubio is torn about their next move — which is pretty apparent . They are retiring from the Senate in January but has n't said what they will do next . In the midst of their tweetstorm , Rubio even appeared to suggest they might run for president again . But they have n't made a commitment one way or the other . ''
Borcher also addressed the story from last October mentioned by Rubio , saying , `` Rubio had a chance to deny that they hate the Senate before publication . They did — and was quoted doing so '' in the story .
`` Rubio 's position was represented from the start . But there was plenty of evidence to support the idea that they do , in fact , hate the Senate . For one thing , they had already said they would n't seek reelection if their White House campaign fell short . For another , they were routinely skipping votes and meetings , '' Borcher adds , citing an interview Rubio did at the time with CNN expressing frustration with the Senate vote schedule .
Rubio also had some fun Tuesday night , citing anonymous sources to describe their sleeping habits and gym routine .
`` A source 'close to Rubio ' says they were tired after long day & has decided to sleep for a few hours before tomorrow 's ZIKA debate in Senate , '' Rubio tweeted
A source `` close to Rubio '' says they were tired after long day & has decided to sleep for a few hours before tomorrow 's ZIKA debate in Senate . — Marco Rubio ( @ marcorubio ) May 17 , 2016
`` A 'longtime friend ' says Rubio is 'betwixt and between ' when it comes to whether to chest or legs tomorrow at gym . ''
A `` longtime friend '' says Rubio is `` betwixt and between when it comes to whether to chest or legs tomorrow at gym . '' — Marco Rubio ( @ marcorubio ) May 17 , 2016
`` According to source who knows their cousins , wife 's dentist , Rubio could do cardio instead . ''
According to source who knows their cousins , wife 's dentist , Rubio could do cardio instead . — Marco Rubio ( @ marcorubio ) May 17 , 2016
Rubio concluded their thoughts around 11:30 p.m . ET , suggesting they plan to `` slowly increase '' their use of Twitter .
`` Ok that 's enough for one night . Twitter is n't something you should just rush back into . You have to slowly increase the dosage ....... ''
Ok that 's enough for one night . Twitter is n't something you should just rush back into . You have to slowly increase the dosage ....... — Marco Rubio ( @ marcorubio ) May 17 , 2016
On Tuesday , Rubio was back at by 7 a.m. , tweeting their praise for news that Twitter will stop including links and pictures in its 140-character limit .
`` This is a very promising development . Just in time for my return to Twitter . ''
Apple has been scaring up apocalyptic predictions for the future of advertising ever since it said its forthcoming mobile operating system would make it easier for apps to block ads in Safari browsers on the iPhone . Encouraged by the company , the scenario goes , consumers will shut marketers out to surf a perceived faster , cleaner , less-invasive web -- until the free internet collapses for lack of ad revenue .
But the truth is the horsemen were in the saddle well before the new operating system , which arrives on Wednesday . Consider :
IPhone owners could already easily erase marketers ' messages from mobile web pages and apps . As an experiment , Ad Age reporters did it with marquee publishers such as The New York Times using the app AdBlock Mobile .
The number of people actively blocking ads in the U.S. rose to 45 million in the second quarter , up 48 % from the period a year earlier , according to one widely cited report .
Eyeo , maker of the popular Adblock Plus desktop blocker , is offering new blocker-ized browsers for Apple and Android devices . `` As annoying and irritating ads have spread fast to mobile devices , we are still championing the user , offering the ability to block ads and thereby giving them faster browser speeds and longer battery life , not to mention keeping them safe from malvertising exploits , '' Till Faida , co-founder of Adblock Plus , said in an announcement last week .
The self-described `` king of all media , '' Howard Stern , recently talked about ad blocking on their radio show , declaring how `` beautiful '' it sounds .
Ever since the advent of the DVR , it 's clear that given the choice , many , if not most , consumers would rather skip ads pretty much anywhere they encounter them . But the implications run much further for the $ 58.6 billion digital ad business . The blocking movement has the potential to `` threaten the economic viability of the media '' and push more and more content behind paywalls , according to Dan Jaffe , the top lobbyist for the Association of National Advertisers . The world could split into information haves and have-nots , who ca n't or wo n't pay for the information and entertainment that 's now free thanks to advertising , they told Ad Age last week . `` Potentially , this could change the whole economic structure of the internet , '' they said .
Is it too much to call it a war on advertising ?
The threat might be overstated . Some of the hype around the trend this year has come from players with a vested interest , such as PageFair , a company that promises to help publishers `` reclaim your adblocked revenue . '' ( It replaces barred ads with ones that meet Adblock Plus criteria for lightweight , nonobstructive ads , smoothing the way with a small fee to Adblock Plus . ) It was PageFair and Adobe that issued the report claiming 45 million active ad blockers in the U.S. , along with interesting tidbits like the most ad-blocky state ( Oregon , where 16.4 % of ads are blocked ) and the most blocked browser ( Google 's Chrome ) .
The directional signals , however , are anything but encouraging .
The industry has taken tentative steps , like beginning to research lawsuits against ad blockers or taking refuge in branded content that consumers might like and ad blockers might miss . But largely , the ad industry has no coherent strategy to confront a movement that threatens its online existence . That 's partly because whatever popularity ad blockers gain reflects consumer wishes . Forcing ads on people who 've gone out of their way to avoid them does n't bode well for the brand messaging therein .
`` We do n't want to anger consumers , '' Mr. Jaffe said `` Everybody needs to move carefully . ''
In the same breath , many industry executives say it 's finally time to get a plan together . `` It had to get big enough to be an important issue , and I think we 've reached that inflection point , '' said WPP Digital President and Xaxis Chairman David Moore , who also serves as chairperson of the board of directors for the Interactive Advertising Bureau 's Tech Lab .
The IAB broached the topic during its board meetings in May and followed up with a member summit in July that convened the IAB and IAB Tech Lab boards as well as a number of sales and technology executives . One suggestion : Follow the lead of Hulu and several other sites that refuse to show content when visitors arrive bearing ad blockers -- but take that approach much bigger . `` I advocated for the top 100 websites to -- beginning on the same day -- not let anybody with ad blockers turned on '' access the sites , Mr. Moore said .
The Washington Post last week began experimenting with the approach on its own site at least . `` The test we 're currently running uses a few different approaches to see what moves these readers to either enable ads on The Washington Post , sign up for a newsletter or subscribe , '' a spokesperson said , adding that the company works to respect users ' privacy and keep intrusive ads out . `` Many people already receive our journalism for free online , and in the long run , without income via subscriptions or advertising , we wo n't be able to deliver the journalism that people coming to our site expect from us . ''
More content producers should insist consumers let them serve ads , said Eric Franchi , co-founder of the ad network Undertone , one of many companies that stands to lose as blocking takes hold . `` What if those publishers asked consumers to whitelist them in order to be able to access content ? '' they wrote in a recent email newsletter . `` This would be a flight to media quality . An old colleague of mine used to call it 'media that matters . ' Publishers whose content is unique and matters enough to consumers to be whitelisted naturally survive and in fact thrive in this scenario . ''
Attendees of the IAB meeting rated the top-100 blocker-blackout `` a good idea , '' according to Mr. Moore -- with slim odds of seeing it actually happen .
Late last month , the IAB Tech Lab held another meeting , this time bringing together four CEOs of companies that counter ad blocking -- PageFair , Secret Media , Sourcepoint and Yavli -- to school the IAB 's domestic and international members on the technological ways to fight back .
`` The most important takeaway is that the ad-blocking firms themselves all reference very similar centralized lists of code to block , '' said Scott Cunningham , a senior VP at the IAB and general manager of its Tech Lab . That means publishers may not have to fight a war on multiple fronts against each of the individual ad blockers , but could instead identify a way to combat them simultaneously .
`` At this stage of the game , it 's going to be up to the IAB to sort out what the most viable option is and get back to the membership for their input , '' Mr. Moore said . `` Once that occurs , I think you 'll see a strategy emerge before the end of the year . ''
Web publishers are also exploring the possibility of suing the ad-blocking companies . The ad blockers `` are interfering with websites ' ability to display all the pixels that are part of that website ; arguably there 's some sort of law that prohibits that , '' Mr. Moore said . `` I 'm not by any means a lawyer , but there is work being done to explore whether in fact that may be the case . ''
`` The IAB has a number of different outside counsels , and they 're all counsels engaged by different companies , '' Mr. Cunningham said . `` We 're keeping a good temperature gauge around finding out what could be done . ''
But the organization is far from a conclusion on whether legal action is a viable option .
The other , perhaps more Pollyannaish avenue , calls for rethinking digital advertising before more consumers want to annihilate it . The IAB Tech Lab has organized one working group to determine how to serve ads without slowing down page-loading , one of the most cited reasons for people to install ad blockers , and another to research the attitudes of people now using ad blockers .
While Hulu blocks people who block ads , other video players are considering less confrontational approaches . `` We are definitely looking at different ways to address the issue , '' said Joe Marchese , president-advanced ad products , Fox Networks Group . `` We are evaluating what we want our response to be . But before we say , 'No , you ca n't watch a show , ' we want to be able to provide viable options . ''
Since acquiring the ad-tech firm TrueX , which Mr. Marchese founded , in December , Fox has been testing ways to limit the commercial load on its digital platforms . Most recently , it introduced a commercial-free opportunity in `` MasterChef Junior '' in partnership with the California Milk Advisory Board . The sponsorship allows viewers to interact with a 60-second ad at the start of the show and watch the rest of the episode sans commercials .
The `` MasterChef Junior '' partnership is an example of one way the industry can combat ad blocking , Mr. Marchese said .
`` The reason people are using ad blockers has a lot to do with the advertising ecosystem digitally , '' they said . `` We can block the ad blockers , but technology always finds another way . It is n't a long-term solution . It 's incumbent on us to find better answers and fix the relationship . ''
Letting viewers select or direct their ad experiences is n't exactly new , with companies such as Hulu and YouTube having experimented in the area , but it remains the exception .
Others are counting on branded content to irritate consumers less than display ads and , no less important , evade ad blockers ' notice . Many sponsored posts survive the gaze of ad-blocking software , both on publishers ' own sites and on social networks such as Facebook and Twitter . Delivering large reach for advertisers via that sort of advertising , however , probably requires distribution through those social networks , increasing publishers ' reliance on allies that can be fickle .
The good news is that even if Apple 's move does make ad blocking in Safari easier and more popular , web browsers are not the key battleground on mobile devices .
`` The vast majority of activity is occurring in apps , '' said Brian Wieser , an analyst at Pivotal Research Group . About 90 % of mobile content consumption happens in apps , Mr. Wieser said in a report this summer .
Apps account for about seven out of every eight minutes of media consumption on mobile devices , according to ComScore 's U.S . Mobile App Report .
Advertising is following suit . Marketers will spend $ 20.8 billion to reach consumers via mobile apps in 2015 but only $ 7.9 billion on mobile browsers , according to projections by eMarketer . When mobile spending surpasses desktop advertising next year , eMarketer says , app ad dollars will reach nearly $ 30 billion , compared with the mobile web 's $ 10.8 billion .
Apple did not respond to a request for comment on how it addresses ad blocking in apps . But publishers should concentrate on protecting advertising there , Mr. Wieser suggested . `` If you improve marginally how well you monetize app-based activity , that could more than make up for money lost by ad blocking on the mobile web , '' they said .
But given the existing ability of AdBlock Mobile to erase ads from apps including The New York Times , publishers may need to figure out a way to protect ads there sooner than later .
`` We are aware of the issue of ad blocking and are studying it with some degree of concern , particularly as it pertains to mobile , '' said Michael Zimbalist , senior VP-advertising products and research and development at The New York Times , in a statement . `` One of the things we are very focused on strategically is improving the quality of mobile advertising so that it is always respectful of , and additive to , the user experience . ''
Contributing : Ana Radelat , Jeanine Poggi
Do Pages Load Faster With Ad Blockers ? One of the most-cited reasons to install an ad blocker is to reduce the time it takes to load web pages . But how much of a difference do blockers actually make ? Ad Age examined seven publishers ' desktop sites including its own to see how quickly -- or slowly -- their home pages load with two of the most popular ad blockers installed , AdBlock and Adblock Plus . Using the developer tools built into Google 's Chrome desktop browser and with caching disabled , Ad Age logged load times under three conditions : with no ad blocker running , with only AdBlock enabled and with only Adblock Plus . We ran each real-world test three times and calculated the average . The results were more ambiguous than the buzz over blockers would suggest , with some sites indeed loading more quickly when stripped of their ads -- but others more slowly . —TIM PETERSON
MSNBC 's Joe Scarborough early Tuesday said that members of the Republican Party have been hypocritical in their comments about the feud between President Trump and Sen. Bob Corker Robert ( Bob ) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit : A transatlantic comparison Sasse 's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support ' ahead of 2020 MORE ( R-Tenn. ) .
“ When the cameras are not on , when they can just talk to you and other reporters on the Hill and not be quoted , they sound exactly like Bob Corker does when the cameras are on , ” Scarborough told USA Today 's Heidi Przybyla , referring to Republican lawmakers .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The level of hypocrisy in these statements that we just read really is mind-boggling , ” they added after reading statements from GOP Sens . Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE ( Fla. ) and Rob Portman Robert ( Rob ) Jones PortmanAddressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win Texas senator introduces bill to produce coin honoring Bushes GOP Green New Deal stunt is a great deal for Democrats MORE ( Ohio ) .
Scarborough 's comments come after the feud between Corker and Trump reached new heights over the weekend , with the two exchanging increasingly personal insults on Twitter .
Trump in a Sunday morning tweet storm said Corker “ did n't have the guts to run ” for reelection , adding that the Tennessee senator sought their endorsement , which Trump said they declined to provide .
Corker quickly shot back with their own tweet describing the White House as “ an adult day care center . ”
Corker 's chief of staff also said Trump urged the senator to run for reelection , and offered their endorsement .
The gun industry and NRA are quickly learning that they should have been careful what they wished for :
Unfortunately , Trump 's win has had the unintended consequence of throwing the firearms industry into a deep slump , forcing major companies to lay off workers , driving prices deep into the red , and forcing some gun dealers out of business . While the Obama years might have been a dark time for gun rights , the Democrat president was a boon for gun retailers and manufacturers ( a fact Obama has admitted himself ) . Each time the needle ticked further in the direction of gun restriction , Americans flocked to their local gun store and plunked down cash for more irons .
The industry swelled because of the “ panic buying , ” with new manufacturers popping up , old names in the industry swelling their ranks , and more new gun owners pushing into demographics with previously tepid interest .
In the Trump era , however , that fear is gone , and with it the market 's urgency to beat the clock on the next “ commonsense ” gun ban . That 's helped nudge iconic gunmakers Colt and Remington to lay off hundreds of workers and shut down entire divisions of their companies , forced manufacturers to close their doors , and prompted retailers and distributors to offer deep discounts on firearms , with one offering an AR-15 rifle at prices below even the cheapest handguns .
“ The combination of increased inventory in the channel and a likely decrease in consumer demand for the near term has made for a more challenging sell-through environment , ” said a top executive with gunmaker Ruger during a February 23 investor call .
Ban Ki-moon , the UN secretary-general , has said that they believe al-Qaeda was responsible for last week 's bombings in Damascus , the Syrian capital , that left more than 50 people dead .
`` A few days ago there was a huge , serious , massive terrorist attack . I believe that there must be al-Qaeda behind it . This has created again very serious problems , '' Ban said on Thursday .
At least 55 people were killed and 372 others were wounded in blasts in Damascus on May 10 , in the deadliest attacks in the Syrian capital since an uprising against President Bashar al-Assad began early last year .
Ban also noted that there have been two attacks against unarmed UN monitors trying to reduce the violence in the country .
There are 257 unarmed UN monitors in Syria to observe an unravelling five-week-old truce negotiated by UN-Arab League peace envoy Kofi Annan .
`` The deployment of monitors has some dampening effect , the number of violence has reduced but not enough , not all the violence have stopped , '' Ban said while addressing youth group at UN headquarters in New York .
`` We are trying out the best efforts to protect the civilian population . ''
The UN chief said at least 10,000 people had been killed in the conflict .
Damascus says that it is facing a `` terrorist '' conspiracy funded and directed from abroad .
Earlier this month , Syria sent the UN the names of 26 foreign nationals it said had been apprehended after coming to fight in the country .
It described 20 of those as members of al-Qaeda who had entered the country from Turkey .
Gadget repair company iFixit has disassembled Asus 's latest ultrabook , the Zenbook UX32VD , and concluded that it represents a happy medium between ultimate thinness and repairability . Trade-offs exist that might not matter to the average consumer , but could certainly entice hardcore geeks .
At the basic hardware level , the Zenbook UX32VD compares favorably to the 13 '' MacBook Air . It has a 13.3 '' 1920x1080 pixel IPS display , an aluminum chassis , an illuminated chiclet-style keyboard , and what appears to be a much-improved trackpad . It comes with an ultra-low voltage Core i5 or Core i7 Ivy Bridge processor , 4GB of RAM standard ( 2GB is soldered to the logic board ) , and available SSD storage . Ports include 3 USB 3.0 ports , HDMI , audio out , and an SD card slot . Standard video out is handled with a mini VGA port , though Asus includes a standard VGA adapter .
Unlike the MacBook Air , however , the UX32VD comes equipped with an NVIDIA GT 620M GPU with 1GB of DDR3 VRAM , one SO-DIMM RAM slot , and enough space inside for a 2.5 '' drive . The 48 Whr battery is also easily removed and replaced with simple tools . Along with well-labeled connectors , common Torx screws , and limited use of adhesives , iFixit gave the UX32VD a `` repairability score '' of 8/10 .
The repairability and upgradability easily trumped that of `` the soldered-RAM-and-proprietary-SSD MacBook Air 's meager 4 points , '' according to iFixit 's Miro Djuric . `` Even the [ UX32VD 's ] LCD is completely replaceable , provided you 're keen on using a heat gun and exercising a bit of patience . ''
That does n't mean the Zenbook UX32VD avoids having its own set of trade-offs . While much thinner than standard notebooks , it 's still a `` few millimeters '' thicker than the MacBook Air , and appears to be slightly heavier depending on configuration . Storage is , by default , a 500GB 5400RPM hard drive paired with a 22GB SSD cache . It 's a compromise between speed and capacity , but at $ 1,300 , we think a larger SSD boot-volume could be paired with optional HDD or SSD secondary storage . Lack of a Thunderbolt port may not mean much to you personally , but the MacBook Air has it if you need it—the Zenbook does n't .
The battery has slightly less capacity than the MacBook Air 's 50 Whr . It 's just a four percent difference , and one we might normally call a wash , but it also has to power more hardware—namely , the discrete GPU and the HDD . Asus claims the battery lasts `` 7+ hours , '' but our experience suggests you 'll see less than that on average , whereas a MacBook Air tends to live up to Apple 's runtime claims .
iFixit has been particularly critical of Apple 's use of proprietary parts , fervent use of adhesives , and soldered-on , non-upgradable parts , all in the name of ever-thinner , more portable machines . There has been some evidence to suggest that the vast majority of consumers rarely crack open a laptop to upgrade or repair it , so Apple 's position is not entirely unreasonable . But it looks like Asus has decided to offer an alternative to that approach which still provides a good mix of portability , performance , and price .
After the election , many on the Black Left are once again grappling with the “ race vs. class ” debate .
No question , we need to build a broad , inclusive movement of people opposed to the manifold threats Trump poses .
The term “ identity politics , ” like a tether ball , is getting smacked around by players on all sides . Although the term has shifting connotations , it generally refers to a heightened focus on the political interests of marginalized groups like women , racial minorities and LGBT folks .
Bernie Sanders smacked it from the left during a controversial post-election speech in Boston , when they said in response to a Latina 's question , “ One of the struggles that you 're going to be seeing in the Democratic Party is whether we go beyond identity politics. ” New York Times columnist David Brooks joined the Washington Post 's George Will in slamming it from the right . These marquee post-mortems see identity politics as the Democrats ' current bête noire . Some even blame it for Hillary Clinton 's loss , in line with a popular narrative that “ political correctness ” is a major irritant to the white working class .
Many on the Left criticize Clinton for downplaying economics in favor of anti-racism and anti-sexism . They believe they saw a road to power through a new American majority of Blacks , Latinos , women , youth and labor , and tried to appeal to different segments through targeted marketing rather than an overarching theme of systemic change—which could have brought in the white working class . University of Illinois professor and socialist Walter Benn Michaels has been urging a shift in focus from identity to inequality for more than a decade . They told the Chicago Reader in a post-election interview , “ In the current practical moment , half the people the [ Clinton campaign ] accused of being racist are people who should be voting for the Democratic Party . ”
Other critics see such arguments as part of a backlash . “ When the alt-left says ‘ identity politics , ' what they actually mean is civil rights , ” writes blogger Marcus H. Johnson on AlterNet . “ They want marginalized groups to stop fighting for civil rights because that would upset poor white people who might otherwise vote Democratic . ”
For many Black activists , it 's absurd to question the primacy of race in America . Africans were abducted and enslaved ; the struggle to address that monumental injustice has propelled Black activism ever since .
Despite that clear origin , a debate about the function of identity politics is also taking place within the Black Left , although the term is shaded with a different nuance . The primary argument is that skin color is used by venal politicians as a kind of Trojan Horse to attract African-American support for policies inimical to their interests .
Much of this discussion was prompted by the Democratic primary . Sanders ' focus on economic inequality rather than anti-racism failed to attract significant Black support—always best mobilized by direct racial appeals . Clinton owes their popularity in the Black community in large part to their husband 's cultural gestures and their expressions of concern for issues important to African Americans .
In Black Agenda Report , an online journal notoriously hostile to this type of identity politics , Solomon Comissiong argues , “ Far too many black folks will vote for their worst enemy , if they or they look like them . That 's why identity politics , which masquerades as a black power strategy , winds up disempowering African Americans every election . ”
These are important issues to ponder as the Black community attempts to come to grips with the looming Trump administration . No question , we need to build a broad , inclusive movement of people opposed to the manifold threats Trump poses . Movements have thrived best in American history when they 've been coupled with the struggle for racial equity—from the abolitionist movement of antebellum America , to the populist movement of the 1890s , to the counterculture movement of the 1960s-70s . Racial justice movements have energized the liberation struggles of other groups oppressed by white supremacist capitalism—including white workers . This is likely because interracial unity subverts the divide-and-conquer tactics deployed to stunt progressive challenges .
One major threat to this unity is the identitarian core of Donald Trump 's support base . The president-elect represents a return to “ whiteness ” for some . This explains their appeal to the white nationalists of the “ alt-right , ” who bemoan the lack of white racial esteem . This nation 's slavery-tainted history presents us with an asymmetrical reality : All identity politics are not the same .
In August of 2016 , Conor McGregor started something with WWE that the superstars clearly have n't forgotten .
With one tweet and some NSFW comments , via Uproxx , the current UFC lightweight champion sent things spinning out of control .
“ I have n't really thought about it . For the most part , those WWE guys are p * * * ies . They 're messed up p * * * ies if you ask me . ”
I did n't mean no disrespect to the @ wwe fans . What I meant to say was that I 'd slap the head off your entire roster . And twice on Sunday 's . — Conor McGregor ( @ TheNotoriousMMA ) August 7 , 2016
Back in August when McGregor went public with their thoughts on WWE and possibly joining the company or doing some kind of cross promotion , many superstars shared how they felt about him .
With it being WrestleMania week , WWE 's best will be doing a lot of interviews ahead of the big event , and one person was asked about McGregor .
In an interview with '105.3 The Fan , ' Baron Corbin was asked about the potential Floyd and Conor fight , and they responded with some strong words for McGregor :
`` I would go with Maywether , I mean , the guy is unprecedented , they have zero losses . And they have an ego , I mean who wouldn't- I have an ego , I like to tell everyone ' I 'm the best ' and carry myself that way , but I mean nobody has touched Floyd and they have created a legacy and Conor McGregor is a professional at running their mouth . I think , ya know , he 's called out a few WWE Superstars , I would n't mind taking a crack at Conor McGregor and- he 's like 165 pounds , 185 pounds soaking wet . So , I would like to slam them on their head a few times . ''
We imagine many superstars feel the same way , so if McGregor ever makes their way to WWE , here 's one match they could potentially have .
Corbin , a former NFL player , is as tough as they come and at WrestleMania Sunday , they challenge Dean Ambrose for the Intercontinental title .
McGregor , on the other hand , is still trying to make their fight with Floyd official , but until then , it would be fun to see them mix it up with WWE 's best , especially after the comments he 's made .
( Warning : Video NSFW due to explicit language )
( H/T : Uproxx and Wrestling Inc )
Authoritarian leaders have adopted President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE 's “ fake news ” slogan to try and delegitimize the media in their own countries , Politico reported Friday .
Politico found that leaders in countries including Turkey , Syria , Venezuela and the Philippines have used the phrase to fire back at media reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
Syrian President Bashar Assad used “ fake news ” to dismiss a report that thousands of people had died at one of their military prisons by saying , “ you can forge anything these days , we are living in a fake news era . ”
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte has also called the media “ fake news , ” as has Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro .
Trump began using the phrase during their presidential bid to shoot down news reports about them and their campaign , and has continued using it during their administration .
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told Politico their story is “ really ridiculous . ”
“ The president is n't against free speech but we do think reporting should be accurate , ” they wrote in an email .
Experts told Politico that other world leaders adopting the phrase is a sign that they 're taking their cues from the U.S. and is a way they can “ will away ” negative stories about their leadership .
The Senate immigration bill survived its first tests Thursday as a core group of Republicans and Democrats held together , killing efforts to require full border security requirements before legalizing illegal immigrants .
Kicking off the first votes on immigration this year , the Judiciary Committee held a daylong session on border security where senators agreed to require that the entire southwestern border be secured to 90 percent “ efficiency . ”
But the committee defeated Republican efforts to put that requirement and others before legalization . Members also rejected following through on a 2006 law that ordered the government to build 700 miles of two-tier fencing on the 2,000-mile-long border .
“ I very much want to see the border shut down . I dislike illegal immigration , ” said Sen. Charles E. Schumer , New York Democrat and one of those who led opposition . “ But let 's do it in a smart way . Let 's do it in a way that 's cost-effective . Let 's do it in a way that does n't blow a hole in our budget . And let the experts decide . ”
The votes marked the first test for the coalition of Republicans and Democrats pushing immigration reform .
Sens . Jeff Flake of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , who were among the Republicans on the bipartisan “ Gang of Eight ” that wrote the bill , said they want tough border security . They voted repeatedly against other Republican amendments , arguing that they could upset the balance of the deal they struck with Democrats and saying the proposal sufficiently increases border enforcement .
SPECIAL COVERAGE : Immigration Reform
“ The key to me is not 2,200 miles of fence , it 's not 90 percent operational control , it 's stopping the reason they come , and that is to get jobs , ” Mr. Graham said . “ You control jobs , you will turn everything into a trickle . ”
The crux of the immigration deal is that it offers illegal immigrants quick legal status but withholds a full path to citizenship until after the Homeland Security Department spends more money on border security , begins to check visas of those leaving by air and sea , and creates a mandatory system for employers to check immigration status before they hire .
The bill 's authors said those steps should be enough to give Americans confidence . Mr. Schumer said the bill “ is tough as nails on border security . ”
Republican opponents scoffed , saying they wanted the bill tied to final results , not to promises of spending . They also made clear that they do n't trust the Obama administration to be the final arbiter of security , particularly since Homeland Security Secretary Janet A. Napolitano said they believe the border is secure .
“ The committee has voted down every serious border security amendment that has been presented here today , ” said Sen. Ted Cruz , Texas Republican . “ The bill before this committee that relies entirely on subjective assessments from the secretary of Homeland Security that have no teeth . ”
The last immigration bill debated by senators failed in 2007 partly because voters did n't believe the government was serious about enforcing the law .
Lawmakers said voters remembered the lesson of the 1986 amnesty , when millions of illegal immigrants were promised citizenship and voters were promised stiffer security . The citizenship was granted , but not the security .
“ We screwed up and should n't do it again , ” said Sen. Chuck Grassley , an Iowa Republican who voted for the 1986 amnesty but is a leading opponent of this year 's bill .
The committee plowed through 32 amendments dealing with border security , closing out that part of the bill .
They defeated a proposal by Sen. Jeff Sessions , Alabama Republican , to build 700 miles of two-tier fencing along the border on a 12-6 vote , and turned back Mr. Cruz 's amendment , by a 13-5 vote , to triple Border Patrol forces and quadruple spending on equipment .
Senators also killed an amendment by Mr. Grassley to require a secure border before immigrant legalization , and by Sen. Mike Lee , Utah Republican , to make Congress have to certify that the border is secure . Both were defeated by 12-6 votes .
Democrats , joined by Mr. Graham and Mr. Flake , said making anything dependent on a vote in Congress is risky , given the record for gridlock .
Lawmakers will return to work Tuesday to begin debating the legalization program and the bill 's rewrite of future legal immigration .
Still to come are major tests such as a Democratic amendment to allow gay couples the same immigration rights as other married couples . The Republicans who negotiated the bill said that would be a deal-breaker , while Democrats said to treat gay couples differently would be unconscionable discrimination .
The bill is almost certain to clear the Judiciary Committee , which is stacked with supporters . It will face a bigger challenge on the Senate floor , where it will need 60 votes to clear , and where some Democrats may join Republicans in opposition .
Overhanging Thursday 's hearing was a lawmaker who was n't in the room : Sen. Marco Rubio , a Florida Republican who was a key part of the Gang of Eight . Republicans are counting on them to sell the bill to wary conservatives .
Some Republicans who oppose the bill pointed to Mr. Rubio 's comments that they were willing to do more to secure the border and said that opened the door to their amendments .
Mr. Rubio said they believe the bill will work as written , but they are open to changes if they will earn voters ' confidence .
“ I want us to get a consensus on that issue that I 've outlined , which is this balance between , does Congress dictate to [ the Homeland Security Department ] specifically what it needs to do on the border , versus allowing them the flexibility — the people on the ground — to decide what the best practices are . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
EDMONTON – An Edmonton man admitted Monday that they committed a carjacking and two quick bank robberies in a disguise so realistic that witnesses described them as an unmasked white man , even though they were black .
In January 2014 , Solomon Zemichael Teklie carjacked a woman at Northgate Mall , robbed a bank at Londonderry Mall , robbed a second bank at 97th Street , then was pulled over and arrested by police .
The three robberies and arrest all took place within 37 minutes .
Through it all , the 39-year-old Teklie wore a disguise that fooled everyone .
“ I do n't know where this mask was made , I do n't know where it came from , but it 's uncanny how much it looks like a real person , ” said Crown prosecutor Carrie-Ann Downey . “ It was so realistic that each witness on this file thought that Mr. Teklie was white . They are not white . ”
Teklie wore a winter cap and sunglasses over the mask .
Court heard Teklie forced Caroline Ombago from their Honda Civic in the Northgate Mall parking lot with a pellet gun around 11 a.m. Ombago thought the gun was real .
The robbery , Ombago wrote in a victim impact statement , left them sleepless and unable to trust . Fearful , they have since moved out of Edmonton .
Minutes after the carjacking , Teklie walked into the Bank of Montreal in Londonderry Mall and showed a teller their pellet gun . Teklie was given $ 1,000 in cash and fled the bank .
They drove to a CIBC branch on 97th Street and again showed a teller their pellet gun .
“ You have 30 seconds to give me the money , ” they said . Teklie was given $ 100 in $ 10 bills and ran outside to their stolen car .
After the robberies , bank employees described Teklie as a white man , though two of them noticed they had “ damaged ” or “ strange ” skin .
Minutes later , police spotted the vehicle Ombago had reported stolen . Teklie was compliant as they were ordered from the vehicle and arrested . The cash and mask were in the car .
“ This was a planned spree , ” Downey said . “ Mr . Teklie had a plan . It might not have been a good plan , but it was a plan . ”
In a police interview , Teklie told officers they were addicted to cocaine and hoped to be deported .
Defence lawyer Deborah Hatch said Teklie , originally from Ethiopia , came to Canada from Africa and was in a Kenyan refugee camp for years . Due to their lack of documents , they are stateless and may not be deported after they serve their sentence . They are currently a permanent resident of Canada .
“ He had a tragic and violent childhood marked by death and aggression most of us will never see , ” Hatch said .
Mr. Teklie had a plan . It might not have been a good plan , but it was a plan
Teklie apologized to the court when it was their turn to speak . “ I 'm truly sorry for my actions . That 's all I can say . ”
They pleaded guilty to three counts of robbery .
Teklie is scheduled to be sentenced on Feb. 23 . They are currently in custody .
NASA invites the public to travel to Jupiter from the comfort of one of 38 Science On a Sphere theater around the globe . Viewers will feel like they are in orbit around the largest planet in our solar system as images based on data from NASA missions are projected onto a 6-foot sphere in the center of the theater .
Called “ LARGEST ” , the free , seven-minute presentation opens September 15 . “ The movie has incredible visual appeal , ” said astrophysicist Amy Simon-Miller of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. , who was a scientific consultant for the production . “ We think it will engage people and get them interested in learning more about Jupiter and planetary exploration . ”
On September 24 , the NASA Goddard Visitor Center will hold a public lecture on this new movie . Dr. Amy Simon-Miller , Chief Planetary Systems Laboratory at Goddard will provide details on Jupiter 's active environment and data collection . Michael Starobin , Goddard 's Senior Producer and the film 's director , will discuss the creative process and technical challenges for making a movie on a sphere . Registration is required to attend the event .
The film is based on data from NASA 's robotic missions to the outer solar system , including Voyager , Galileo , and Cassini , as well as Hubble Space Telescope observations . Watching the movie sends viewers on a journey stretching more than five times the Earth-Sun distance . Jupiter is a “ gas giant ” — more than 11 times wider than Earth — with a small core forever shrouded beneath a cloak of toxic , roiling clouds and oceans of liquid metallic hydrogen tens of thousands of miles deep .
Viewers will be treated to up-close-and-personal encounters of the Great Red Spot , a storm larger than Earth that 's been raging for hundreds of years . They 'll also experience dramatic fireballs with up to six million megatons of explosive power from the impacts of doomed comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 , which left planet-sized “ bruises ” of soot hanging for months in the Jovian atmosphere .
As virtual astronauts , visitors will also explore Jupiter 's swirling mini-solar system of more than 60 moons , including tormented Io , which gushes fountains of molten sulfur over a hundred miles high , and fractured Europa , which may harbor oceans of liquid water , and possibly life , beneath its cracked , icy crust .
Science On a Sphere is an exciting new projection technology developed by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) . “ LARGEST ” is the latest in a series of films for the Sphere created by the team at NASA Goddard using new techniques and technology of their own , designed specifically for making spherical movies . In fact , The LARGEST pushed the team to develop several new presentation techniques , demonstrated throughout the film . Goddard released the world 's first major spherical film in 2006 called “ FOOTPRINTS ” .
“ Jupiter is not only a perfect subject for the Sphere , but also simply a great subject for a movie , ” said Senior Producer Michael Starobin of Honeywell Technology Solutions , Inc. , Columbia , Md . “ It presents itself as a regal , mighty character , and we tried hard to invest its cinematic depiction with as much commanding grandeur as possible . This is a movie that takes viewers somewhere way out of the ordinary . It brings abstract ideas to vibrant life and makes the fifth planet real in fresh , unexpected ways . This was a thrilling project to develop. ” Starobin wrote , produced , and directed the film .
“ LARGEST ” was funded by NASA 's Educational and Public Outreach in Earth and Space Science program at NASA Headquarters , Washington . The science and educational outreach team includes Simon-Miller and David Williams of NASA Goddard , Maurice Henderson of Adnet Systems , Inc. , Rockville , Md. , Pamela Clark of the Catholic University of America , Washington , Louis Mayo of Honeywell Technology Solutions , Inc. , and Sallie Smith of Lux Consulting Group , Silver Spring , Md . Over a dozen people from Goddard 's Scientific Visualization Studio and Conceptual Image Lab pioneered the techniques used to make the film ( complete credits are available at the website below ) .
This week sees an Elite tier of tasks added to all existing Achievement Diaries ( save for Ardougne , which already had Elite tasks , though there is now an Ardougne cloak 4 reward ) , plus a review of all the old rewards to make them work in a consistent way and be more user friendly . The Lumbridge/Draynor diary has had Hard tasks added instead , all of which are available to free players .
Should you rise to the challenge , you 'll be skilling your way around the world baking pies , fletching bows , manic mining , fighting some seriously dangerous critters and a lot more besides . Face some of the biggest challenges that exist in the world of RuneScape to complete these diaries and , if you succeed , you 'll find yourself worthy of receiving the Elite rewards !
Rewards , I hear you cry ? Yes , in true Achievement Diary tradition , you 'll not only get experience lamps , but also some useful rewards to help in your everyday RuneScape life . These can range from the very generic , like teleports , to the very specific , like a handy shortcut in Brimhaven Dungeon .
You 'll also find that existing Achievement Diary rewards will have changed very slightly . Things like toggles for teleports , where possible , are now done by talking to NPCs rather than on the objects . If you have earned the ability to toggle the destination of the Watchtower or Varrock Teleport spells , you 'll find your POH portals will also take you and your friends to wherever you 've toggled them to go !
Quite a lot of the existing rewards now no longer require the related diary clothing to be worn for you to benefit from them , but , to make sure you 're not missing out on your rewards , you 'll also receive a little message for those times when you would have received a benefit if you had been wearing some Achievement Diary clothing .
The Achievement Diary section of the Game Guide lists all of the new tasks and indicates which rewards require you to be wearing the reward clothing and which ones do not .
Good luck , elite adventurers !
Mod Maz
Senior RuneScape Content Developer
Queen of the Squirrels
Former Arizona Western College 4-star tight end Jeremy Patton was one of Arkansas ' prizes in the past recruiting class . Patton arrived later in the summer than maybe intended due to taking care of some requirements needed to get their degree so they could play for the Hogs .
Jeremy Patton '' width= '' 620 '' height= '' 320 '' / > Jeremy Patton is hoping to make an impact at Arkansas this season .
( What 's happening with the Arkansas Razorbacks ? Make sure you 're in the loop -- - take five seconds to Sign up for our FREE Razorbacks newsletter now ! )
But Patton is now at Arkansas and is practicing hard on the field and studying film and the play book when not in practice . How is it going now ?
Oh man , it 's great to be here , '' Patton said . `` The offense is really coming along well for me . I 'm starting to pick up on things , pick up on my conditioning a little it . I 'm really having fun out there . ''
For Patton there are many reasons they love being in Fayetteville , but not all are the common thing one would think .
`` It 's a blessing to be here , '' Patton said . `` I come from a place where I did n't even have a bed to sleep on and now to be here with all of this , it 's an extreme blessing . It 's great . ''
Why did n't you have a bed ?
`` In Indianapolis back at home , '' Patton said . `` I come from a troubled family . ''
Patton has moved around so adapting to Arkansas has been much easier for him .
`` I lived in Florida for six years , '' Patton said . `` I was born in Indianapolis . Moved at the age of five to Kissimmee , Fla . Lived in Apopka , for a little bit , really rough neighborhood . Kinda bounced around schools a lot . Came back to Indiana and bounced around schools a lot . Then went out to Arizona . I spent some time in Kentucky as well , working on log cabins . So I 've been around . ''
What about log cabins ?
`` I was out there with my brother and their stepdad , '' Patton said . `` It was summer in Kentucky , the summer before I went to Arizona Western . I really was n't doing any technical work . Me and my buddy were just lugging the logs around , doing the heavy work for the guys . ''
Do you feel like it set you back some not being here earlier ?
Oh yeah , of course , yeah , '' Patton said . `` You miss out on so much , bonding with teammates and learning the coaches and feeling out the system in the spring . I think it 's a little less urgent to learn in the spring so you can kind of take your time with it a little bit . So that would have helped me a lot . But I 'm picking it up , the ball 's rolling now , so yeah , I think I 'm going to be well off .
So you feel a sense of urgency to learn everything and show the coaches what you can do so you have a chance to play early ?
`` For sure , '' Patton said . `` Me personally I 'm an urgent guy . I 'm not going to sit around and not do anything to get better . You know I was in here early in days learning with Coach ( Barry ) Lunney ( Jr. ) and trying to get everything together . ''
Lunney has been impressed with how Patton has come in and catching up fast .
`` Doing well , '' Lunney said . `` He 's doing a good job . He 's very tuned in , very hungry and very capable . Those are all good qualities . ''
Patton feels everything is coming along at a nice pace despite the late start . '
`` I ca n't really speak for anything else but me , but I think the playbook is coming along well , '' Patton said . `` I feel like I 'm learning things and I 'm in a groove when I 'm out there . I know what to do . I 'm starting to play faster . I think it 's going along really well for me . ''
How big relief was it to finally get here ?
`` It was like the biggest weight had been lifted off my shoulders , '' Patton said . `` Man , yeah , day one since I got here the ball started rolling and everything was great . It was definitely a relief . ''
What exactly was it that was causing the delay ?
`` It was class , '' Patton said . `` So I ended up having to switch my degree at the end . And I needed to take one more class . So I ended up taking that class in the first session of summer . It was Speech Communication , really not a very hard , difficult class .
Did you know you needed that class ?
`` I was caught off guard by it , '' Patton said . `` I did not know I needed it . Once I did it , I ended up talking to the teacher . The class was supposed to be going on . I got all of my work done early and got out of there early . ''
Arkansas has a lot of tight ends . Is there enough time out there for everyone ?
`` We 've got a good rotation going now at practice , '' Patton said . `` Nothing 's really set yet . We 've got a lot of talent in that group . It 's going to be up to the top four or five guys to fight and compete and earn them two spots . ''
During the recruiting , Lunney made several trips to see you and Bret Bielema came when NCAA rules allow .
`` Oh man , that 's half the reason I 'm here right now , '' Patton said . `` The love and the support those guys showed me throughout my whole process . Man , them two . Coach Lunney is the reason why I 'm here I would say right now . And the scheme of the offense that Coach B runs . Coach Lunney , they genuinely care and that 's something I take to heart . ''
During Wednesday 's open portion of practice , Patton limped off the field . They talked about that following the practice .
`` It 's just a hip flexor , '' Patton said . `` Nothing too major you know . I 'll get it rehabbed and be back in it tomorrow . ''
How helpful have the other tight ends as far as helping teach you the plays and stuff ?
`` They 're my brothers , '' Patton said . `` We look at it as friendly competition , so there 's no animosity between one another . You 've got Jack Kraus , who 's a great leader . A great leader . And you 've got Austin Cantrell , who leads by their play . We all get along well . they 've helped me so much . They 're telling me the right things to do and how to do it . They 're good guys . ''
You are from Indiana , but played in Arizona . How is the weather here and your thoughts on it ?
Oh man , it 's not even , '' Patton said . `` No , it 's not that hot . I can deal with this . I can definitely live with this any day . My first day flying into Yuma , I left on a July day and it was 84 degrees in Indianapolis . I remember specifically . I got to Yuma and it was 121 with 30 mph winds . It felt like I was in a microwave outside . That was surreal , so far away from home . Man , that was tough . ''
Be sure to enjoy VIP access to Hawgs247 with our buy 1 month , get 3 months free promotional offer .
SPOKANE , Wash / TORONTO , Ont . – Spokane Chiefs defenseman Ty Smith has been named to the 2018 Sherwin-Williams CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game , as announced on Wednesday , Dec. 13 . The game , which will take place in Guelph , Ontario on Jan. 25 , features the 40 top prospects from the CHL heading into next summer 's 2018 NHL Entry Draft .
Smith , 17 , is in their second year with the Chiefs after a dynamic rookie campaign during which they ranked 13th among all WHL rookies and 3rd among 16-year-olds with 32 points ( 5G-27A ) . Their rookie year production ranked 2nd among 16-year-old defensemen in Chiefs franchise history .
The Lloydminster , Alberta product has continued their success this season , posting five goals and 25 assists for 30 points ( t-6th among WHL defensemen ) through 31 games while earning a +13 rating . Smith earned an “ A ” rating from the NHL 's Central Scouting Service and has been listed as a top 10 draft prospect by multiple media publications , including The Hockey News and TSN .
Smith 's nomination marks the second-straight season the Chiefs have had a representative at the prestigious event . Kailer Yamamoto competed last season and shined in both the skills competition ( earning top-three finishes in multiple categories ) and the game , where they scored a goal and added an assist for Team Orr .
For more information , visit sherwin-williamstopprospects.ca .
Would you fast twice a week ? That 's the task set forth in Dr. Michael Mosley 's `` The Fast Diet , '' the weight loss regimen that has become all the rage in the U.K . The diet prescribes that adherents eat their typical diet five days per week and then spend two days consuming a quarter of their normal calories -- what amounts to about 500 for women and 600 for men . If it sounds tricky , Mosley and their following insist that it is only `` the least bit painful '' -- and the results are their own encouragement .
After their doctor informed Mosley -- himself , a doctor and television personality -- that they were pre-diabetic and overweight and offered to put them on medication to control their cholesterol , Mosley decided to investigate lifestyle changes they could make instead .
`` I started off by looking at calorie restriction and saw that the research was really great -- it 's pretty much the only thing that extends life , '' Mosley told HuffPost . `` The problem is it just is impossible to do -- I could not imagine myself never eating the things I love . So I started investigating intermittent fasting as a way to control calories . ''
In an interview with The Huffington Post , Mosley explained how they spent months researching the latest medical findings on intermittent fasting -- the process of drastically varying calorie intake -- testing it on themselves and watching their cholesterol and insulin resistance go down along with about 19 pounds of fat .
`` I went into it quite skeptical because I 've looked at diets over the years and I 've always assumed they 're rubbish . Really seriously rubbish , '' Mosley went on . `` But the people who study in this area are really top scientists -- world-class scientists who are hugely reputable in their areas . And they were all coming at it from their areas of expertise : cancer , dementia , diabetes -- they were approaching it from different angles , but coming to the same conclusion . I found that very convincing . ''
The process was documented in a popular BBC documentary and will run as a three part series on PBS starting on April 3 .
Intrigued ? Here are seven facts you should know about the diet , straight from Mosley :
1 . Intermittent Fasting Is Based On Years Of Research
`` There are loads and loads of animal studies going back over 80 years , human studies now going back over about five or six years . And I 've counted 11 clinical trials of intermittent fasting . There are also [ observational ] trials on Muslims [ who fast ] during Ramadan . ''
2 . 'Starvation Mode ' Is A Myth
`` You know the origin of the starvation mode theory ? It was a study done in the 1950s where they took a bunch of young men and asked them to live on approximately half their normal calories and they followed them for six months and they obviously lost dramatic amounts of weight . And when their body fat went down to five percent , they started to experience significant problems . Now that is a really , really radical fast for a really long period of time . That is nothing like simply cutting back your calories for two days a week . It 's a completely different experience . ''
3 . Medical Discovery Often Begins With Self-Experimentation
`` Until you look at it , you do n't realize how many of the great discoveries were carried out by people doing experiments on themselves . There 's a sort of heroic element to it , but also a moral element : these doctors kind of went , “ Look , I should try it on myself first . '' And actually the first ever long-form documentary I made 20 years ago was about an Australian self-experimenter who was convinced that stomach ulcers were not caused by stress , but by bacteria . So they swallowed the bacterium , developed ulcers and discovered that you could cure it with antibiotics and won the Nobel Prize . There you go .
I think it 's much harder to do now , but actually when you talk to doctors you find that an awful lot of them have tried stuff on themselves . You discover that most of them at some point have tried something on themselves -- dermatologists have taken biopsies from their own arms or whatever .
It 's kind of , in a funny way , the moral thing to do : that before you impose it on a rat or one of your fellow human beings , if you really believe in it , you should give it a go yourself . But then obviously , you have to do proper clinical , randomized , double-blind and controlled trials . And they understand the limitations : just doing something on yourself does n't really prove anything , but it 's kind of a starting point : you try animals , yourself , a few patients and then you do proper trials . That 's how science progresses . ''
4 . Intermittent Fasting Helps You Lose Fat , Not Muscle
`` There is one advantage that intermittent fasting appears to have over a standard [ calorie-restricted ] diet : studies suggest that when you do intermittent fasting you lose almost exclusively fat . This is what [ researchers ] Dr. Krista Varady found and what Dr. Michelle Hoffman found . A standard diet you lose about 75 percent fat , 25 percent muscle . With this , it 's between 85 and 100 percent fat . So when I did it , I lost 19 pounds , nearly all of it fat . My body fat went down from 28 percent to 20 percent . That is important because if you 're going to be doing a diet , you do n't want to lose muscle because the muscle is metabolically active -- and muscle makes you look good . Muscle is what you want to preserve at all costs . ''
5 . Not All Fasts Are Created Equal : Intermittent Fasting Is No Juice Fasting
`` I think juicing is a terrible idea . The biggest problem is that it removes the fiber . And the really good thing that 's in fruits and vegetables is the fiber . Fiber reduces your risk of bowel cancers -- all sorts of cancers -- and it also keeps you satiated and it also stabilizes your glucose levels .
If you take an apple and you eat it , you get loads of fiber in it , it fills you up . Studies show that having an apple before your meal means you 'll probably eat fewer calories in that meal . If you drink apple juice , basically , almost all the skin has been removed and all the vitamins are in the skin . A glass of juice is really just a sugar hit . And that is going to make you feel hungry , it 's going to make your insulin levels go up . It 's going to be empty calories .
And what 's been happening in the last 20 years in the U.S. and also in the U.K. is that people get a huge amount of calories from fluids . They get it from fizzy drinks , but they also get it from smoothies and fruit juices . There are so many calories in those drinks -- so much sugar . People think because it comes from an orange that somehow it 's healthy . But actually , when you eat an orange , you 've got to peel it , it 's got loads of fiber . Once you juice it , all of the good stuff , pretty much , is gone . There are some vitamins , but mostly what you 're getting is fructose . ''
6 . Dementia Is A Nutrition Issue
`` One of the researchers we work with , Dr. Mattsen , has got these mice who are prone to Alzheimers and dementia . And they normally develop dementia at the age of one , which is about middle age for a mouse . When they 're in a fasting state , they go to about two , which is the equivalent of a 90 year old . But if they 're put on fast food diet , they develop it at about four or five months , sometimes six months . So you see the impact of junk food not just on your body , but on your brain . And I think that 's probably one of the more shocking and surprising things .
And I am genuinely worried and most of the people I talk to , scientists , are worried about where we are going . People are living longer , but as we live longer , the risks of dementia climb and how are we going to cope with that ? Because you can live with dementia for 20 years and it is an appalling , appalling condition . ''
7 . 'The Fast Diet ' Is Still A Work In Progress
`` It 's an emerging area -- let 's see how things turn out . This is early days and the people who are interested in it and have looked into it are all kind of convinced there 's something there and the question is : How a big a something is it ?
The nine judges had an unenviable task in room 505 of 41 Cooper Square . On July 10 they convened for the final round of The Cooper Union 's first-ever `` Invention Factory '' to decide which of ten hopefully patentable , student-created inventions would win the grand prize of $ 5,000 . After five and a half weeks of daily six-hour classroom work that inspired additional nights and weekends of laser cutting , 3D printing and assembling , it came down to this . Over the course of two hours the 19 inventors presented their fully prototyped ideas , each one of which ingeniously solves a real-world problem or otherwise improves existing ideas . During the presentations one repeatedly asked oneself : `` where was this when I needed it ? '' Picking the best would not be an easy decision .
Conceived by Acting Dean Alan Wolf , who is also a patent attorney , and co-organized by Eric Lima , Assistant Professor of Mechanical Engineering , the Invention Factory aims to teach current students , `` how to invent and how to protect their intellectual property , '' Dean Wolf says . Funding came from the Edward Durbin and Joan Morris Innovation Fund for the Albert Nerken School of Engineering , a gift of Ed Durbin ( EE'48 . ) Over an intensive five weeks students had to conceive of an idea , have it approved by the other participants via anonymous vote , research any prior patents or products that would preclude patenting the idea themselves and build a working prototype . During the five weeks they repeatedly presented their idea to a series of guest evaluators who asked tough questions about its marketability as much as its engineering . By the end all participants had to file a provisional patent application on their invention . The most promising ideas may be further developed through the C.V. Starr Research Foundation , Cooper Union 's primary research arm , potentially becoming a revenue stream for the institution .
The resulting inventions certainly all seem promising . Among those presented were a device to improve bicycle safety by creating a bright `` halo '' on the ground around the bike using LEDs built into the pedals , a hand-sanitizing device activated by the act of opening a door , a multi-tool for arthritis sufferers , an umbrella air-dryer and sealable plastic baggies that you can write on and stick anywhere . After seeing ten presentations , the judges , who included Susan Englehardt , Executive Director of the Rutgers University Center for Innovative Ventures of Emerging Technology , Zack Yorke , Designer at Google Creative Lab and Barry Negrin ( ME'89 ) , a patent attorney , conferred while the young inventors patiently waited in the hallway . During the deliberations Dean Wolf popped out to say they were all `` very impressed . '' Then the students filed in and learned of the winning inventions .
Third Place : The Narrow Access Wrench by Jonathan Zorko and Lee Lopez
A device born of the frustrations of an impossible-to-reach bolt on the Cooper Union Formula One racecar , the inventors demonstrated that the wrench could place , thread and tighten a nut in the smallest of spaces . One end of the wrench holds the nut while the other end , when turned , drives a belt inside the wrench causing the nut to turn as well .
Second Place : E-clips Rapid Coat Check by Alara Dirik and Alyssa Davis
Alyssa Davis , whose work in Africa we previously profiled , based the improved system of checking coats on their four years doing exactly that at The Bowery Hotel just a few blocks away . The system uses invisible-ink arm stamps of unique three-digit numbers instead of loseable tickets . When the person wants their belongings their unique number gets read into a tablet or laptop that wirelessly triggers a flashing light affixed to the checked articles . The flashing instantly identifies the belongings amidst a sea of similar-looking things and eliminates the need for checked items to be kept in any sort of order .
Grand Prize : The Rapid Packing Container by Chris Curro and Henry Wang
Shockingly , Curro and Wang decided to reinvent the cardboard box , a technology that would seem to have as little room for improvement as a mousetrap . But they may have done it , designing a new cut-out shape and creasing pattern that allows a box to be constructed and sealed for shipping with a single motion and a bit of adhesive . Going one better , it can then be opened with one good tug , causing it to completely deconstruct and return to a flat state . The system does not require tape , uses 15 % less cardboard than the classic box design they claim , and , as a kicker , can be completely reconstructed for re-use . [ The inventors have requested that we not show the box in its unconstructed state is it may interfere with further patent applications . ]
The winning team received a trophy inside a blue box . Chris Curro jokingly complained of the difficulty in opening it . Afterwards , President Bharucha , who watched all the presentations but declined to be a judge , spoke to the gathered crowd , saying , `` This has been the most mind-blowing thing I have seen . A lot schools have this for faculty but not for students . It will make Cooper Union even more unique . I 'm very proud of all of you . ''
While the inventions may or may not ever come to market , a series of thank-you notes sent to the organizers of the Invention Factory revealed the program 's real value . `` I really enjoyed having the chance to apply engineering concepts that I 've been learning in class to real-life experience , '' wrote Jonathan Zorko , `` The experience of facing and speaking before a panel of judges was also invaluable . '' A note from Gavin Kaplan reads , `` It was a fantastic experience . I learned a great deal about patenting and presenting in the real world , which will be of great use to me in the future . '' Andrey Kovalev also wrote to say , `` …I learned about patents and how to make an invention . But most importantly , I learned a life lesson : there is really nothing stopping us from going out and inventing . ''
Already down a few playmakers , Patriots quarterback Tom Brady saw their star tight end go down with an ugly knee injury in the fourth quarter . Without Rob Gronkowski , the steadfast quarterback still led their team on a thrilling one-minute game-tying drive .
So it was no surprise that , following the 30-24 overtime loss , Brady did n't make excuses in addressing the loss and Gronk 's injury .
`` I hate to see it , but it 's really the only way for defenders to hit now , '' Brady told reporters after the game . `` I bet you if you asked probably a lot of the players , they 'd probably rather you go high than low . But when you go low , that 's what happens .
`` I do n't think it 's dirty , I just think that 's the way football is being played now . ''
While NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reported Monday that Gronk suffered a minor knee strain and should miss a week at most , New England can not afford to lose many more offensive playmakers , with Julian Edelman , Dion Lewis and Danny Amendola already sidelined .
`` We 'll keep fighting . I know that , '' Brady continued . `` It 's tough to win . And certainly , when you lose good players , it hurts . ''
The Patriots quarterback will sorely miss Gronk , who missed significant time in 2013 with ACL and MCL injuries . The tight end is New England 's leading receiver in yards and touchdowns .
`` He 's the best tight end in football , so it 's so hard to see these guys get hurt like this , '' Brady added . `` Obviously I have a lot of respect for players who play this game because you risk a lot to play . And I think a lot of times that gets overlooked . You sacrifice a lot , and I think guys sacrificed their bodies and it 's hard to see your friends get taken out like that . ''
NASHVILLE , Tenn. -- The Arizona Coyotes are expecting plans for a new permanent home in the state to be finalized by the end of the regular season that will resolve the lease/arena issues that have plagued the team for years .
Although there are still a number of options being discussed , it 's believed the most likely scenario is a partnership with Arizona State University with a new arena being built in Tempe .
Commissioner Gary Bettman was given an update on the process before the NHL 's board of governors meeting in Nashville on Saturday morning .
Without going into specifics of a potential new home , Bettman said they are optimistic the team will find something in the Phoenix area .
`` It certainly looks that way , '' Bettman told ESPN.com Saturday after addressing the media at the NHL 's All Star weekend .
It 's expected the deal will be finalized in the next couple of months , certainly before the end of the regular season .
It would take an estimated three years for a new building to be completed , during which time the team would continue to play out of Gila River Arena in Glendale . The team is in the first year of a two-year lease signed before the start of this season after the local municipality opted to break the existing 15-year lease .
`` I think it 's important for the franchise that they had long-term stability in Glendale , and Glendale chose to move in another direction , but since they seem to have a lot of terrific options in the 11th-largest market in the United States -- they 're very optimistic , '' Bettman said of the Coyotes ' ownership group .
At one point it appeared the Coyotes might partner with the NBA 's Phoenix Suns on a new building possibly in downtown Phoenix , but that appears unlikely now . A new arena built in the Scottsdale area has also been discussed .
One of the problems with the team 's situation in Glendale is that the bulk of the team 's fan base is geographically removed from the arena . A new arena in Tempe , Scottsdale or downtown would put the team closer to that fan base .
Last week , I was trying to find out how to get my photo 's metadata . I had noticed that Windows could display the camera model , creation date and lots of other data on my photos , but I could n't remember what that data was called . I finally found what I was looking for . The term is EXIF ( Exchangeable Image File Format ) . For this post , we 'll take a look at the various 3rd party packages that give you access to this information .
My first thought was that the Python Imaging Library would have this functionality , but I had n't found the EXIF term yet and could n't find that info in PIL 's handbook without it . Fortunately , I did eventually find a way to use PIL via a stackoverflow thread . Here 's the method that it showed :
from PIL import Image from PIL . ExifTags import TAGS def get_exif ( fn ) : ret = { } i = Image . open ( fn ) info = i._getexif ( ) for tag , value in info . items ( ) : decoded = TAGS . get ( tag , tag ) ret [ decoded ] = value return ret
This works quite well and returns a nice dictionary object . There are several fields that I found useless , such as the “ MakerNote ” field which looked like a lot of hexadecimal values , so you 'll probably only want to use certain pieces of data . Here 's a sample of some of the info I got back :
{ 'YResolution ' : ( 180 , 1 ) , 'ResolutionUnit ' : 2 , 'Make ' : 'Canon ' , 'Flash ' : 16 , 'DateTime ' : '2009:09:11 11:29:10 ' , 'MeteringMode ' : 5 , 'XResolution ' : ( 180 , 1 ) , 'ColorSpace ' : 1 , 'ExifImageWidth ' : 3264 , 'DateTimeDigitized ' : '2009:09:11 11:29:10 ' , 'ApertureValue ' : ( 116 , 32 ) , 'FocalPlaneYResolution ' : ( 2448000 , 169 ) , 'CompressedBitsPerPixel ' : ( 3 , 1 ) , 'SensingMethod ' : 2 , 'FNumber ' : ( 35 , 10 ) , 'DateTimeOriginal ' : '2009:09:11 11:29:10 ' , 'FocalLength ' : ( 26000 , 1000 ) , 'FocalPlaneXResolution ' : ( 3264000 , 225 ) , 'ExifOffset ' : 196 , 'ExifImageHeight ' : 2448 , 'ISOSpeedRatings ' : 100 , 'Model ' : 'Canon PowerShot S5 IS ' , 'Orientation ' : 1 , 'ExposureTime ' : ( 1 , 200 ) , 'FileSource ' : ' \x 03 ' , 'MaxApertureValue ' : ( 116 , 32 ) , 'ExifInteroperabilityOffset ' : 3346 , 'FlashPixVersion ' : '0100 ' , 'FocalPlaneResolutionUnit ' : 2 , 'YCbCrPositioning ' : 1 , 'ExifVersion ' : '0220 ' }
I do n't really know what all of those values mean , but I know I can use some of them . My purpose for wanting the data is to expand my simple Image Viewer such that it can display more info to the user about their photo .
Here are a few other libraries I found that can supposedly give access to the EXIF data :
I tried the Python Exif Parser and it worked quite well . When I tried to install pyexiv2 on my Python 2.5 box at work , I got an error message about Python 2.6 not being found and then the installer quit . There is no mention on the pyexiv2 website that it requires a certain version of Python to work , so that was a little frustrating . Most of these modules have little or no documentation , which was also pretty frustrating . From what I can tell , EXIF.py is supposed to be used via the command line rather than as an importable module .
Anyway , back to the Python Exif Parser . It 's actually simpler to use than PIL is . Here 's all you need to do after copying the exif.py file into your Python path :
import exif photo_path = `` somePath \t o \a \p hoto.jpg '' data = exif . parse ( photo_path )
The code above returns mostly the same information that the PIL snippet does , although it uses integers instead of hex for the “ MakersNote ” and it has several “ Tag0xa406′ ” fields whereas the PIL data had some numerical fields ( which I excluded above ) . I assume they reference the same information in different ways though .
Anyway , should you find yourself wandering the web when trying to discover this information , hopefully you will stumble upon this post and it will point you in the right direction .
Kim Davis , the Rowan County , Kentucky , clerk who went to jail after refusing to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples , may be about to get a taste of their own medicine .
Members of the infamous right-wing Christian hate group Westboro Baptist Church are planning to picket outside Davis ' offices on Monday , reports Fox 2 Now St. Louis . According to a statement issued by the church , the group is targeting Davis because they believe they are a hypocrite about marriage , based on their multiple divorces .
`` That man that Kim Davis is living with , and calling their husband , IS NOT ! '' the church wrote in a press release issued to the news station . `` Her husband is Dwain Wallace , who they married when they were 18-years-old . It does not matter how many years you pile on ! It was adultery at the beginning , adultery in the middle and it is indeed adultery today ! ''
On Twitter , the group said Davis ' divorces and subsequent remarriages are just as bad as `` fag marriage . ''
Westboro Baptist Church to picket @ MoreheadState University on Monday : pic.twitter.com/WmcIpvCFHN @ News_MSU @ chadteavee
Gods wrath is pouring out on the USA cuz of fags & adulterous fake Christians . Humble yourselves . # RepentOrPerish https : //twitter.com/gaytimesmag/status/655350456101773312 ...
Fags hone in on fake `` Christian '' hypocrisy with lightening speed . Hence the `` 'Christians ' Caused Fag Marriage '' sign . https : //twitter.com/tlrd/status/655392462907637760 ...
Thank God for allowing us to spotlight the divorce/remarriage of fake Christians that caused fag marriage . # repent https : //twitter.com/washexaminer/status/655425865094791168 ...
The Westboro Baptist Church has garnered an infamous reputation for vicious rhetoric on gay marriage and other social issues like abortion . In the past , the group has planned protests at the funerals of terrorism victims and soldiers . They are best known for their signs and T-shirts that read `` God Hates Fags '' and `` Thank God For Dead Soldiers . ''
The group also believes that God is punishing the United States with various disasters for its social liberalism .
While it might be tempting for some to call Davis out on their divorces as a sign of hypocrisy , Fox 2 Now St. Louis reports they do not consider their past relevant since becoming a born-again Apostolic Christian .
Medium 's Michele Catalano wrote on Sept. 5 that people interested in social justice should leave the marriages off the table , since it could be considered a form of slut-shaming .
`` It makes them human , it makes them vulnerable , it makes them have a history they probably do n't want and you probably would n't covet , '' Catalano wrote . `` What Kim Davis is , is a bigot . It 's possible to call them out on that without calling out their marriage status ... [ or ] their lifestyle or their looks . ''
Emma Stone as part Chinese , Rooney Mara as 'Pan 's ' Tiger Lily : The casting of racially specific characters puts studios on the defensive . Says one producer , `` You ca n't throw down the DNA gauntlet . ''
This story first appeared in the June 19 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine . To receive the magazine , click here to subscribe .
When Warner Bros. set out to make a live-action Peter Pan , it wanted to avoid the racial insensitivities of J.M . Barrie 's play and Disney 's 1953 animated film , which infamously featured the song `` What Made the Red Man Red ? '' So the filmmakers reimagined Tiger Lily not as Native American but as a character of no particular ethnicity to steer clear of Barrie 's portrayal of the island 's tribe , now considered rife with offensive stereotypes .
But choosing Rooney Mara — an actor of Irish , German and French-Canadian ancestry — to play Pan 's Tiger Lily prompted an outcry , with 90,000 people signing a Care2 petition in protest . Now , as Pan heads for an Oct. 9 release , it enters a cultural landscape of increased racial sensitivities around film and television casting and a social media environment that amplifies those concerns . Warners , ironically , has been branded as insensitive for attempting to offer a color-blind , modern Pan .
`` There 's a misconception about the ethnicity of the original character and we felt no obligation to perpetuate that misconception , '' says an insider on the project . `` We looked at Native American actores . We looked at African-American actores . We looked at African actores . We looked at Middle Eastern actores . White actores . After a very exhaustive casting process , we ultimately went with the best actor for the part . ''
Warners are n't alone in fielding criticism over the casting of a racially specific role . Even before Sony released Cameron Crowe 's Aloha , the Media Action Network for Asian Americans blasted the film for `` whitewashing '' Hawaiian culture , and when it was discovered that Emma Stone plays a woman who is one-quarter Hawaiian with a half-Chinese father , the criticism grew louder . `` Why could n't they find someone who 's part Asian , part Pacific Islander ? '' asks Guy Aoki , a co-founder of MANAA . `` Cameron Crowe 's a guy who purports to love Hawaiian history and culture , but could you have cast at a worse level if you hated Hawaiian culture ? ''
On their blog , Crowe issued an apology June 2 to `` all who felt this was an odd or misguided casting choice , '' explaining they based the character on a woman they had met who did not look like them background .
Many producers say that a similar outcry would be well-deserved in the past — back when Al Jolson sported black face in The Jazz Singer and Mickey Rooney played an Asian stereotype in Breakfast at Tiffany 's . But it mostly is unfair today , they say . `` The fundamental rule is , you get to hire the performer who can best convey the spirit of the part , '' says producer Doug Wick , who witnessed the uproar when Chinese actor Ziyi Zhang landed the lead as a Japanese woman in 2005 's Memoirs of a Geisha . `` There is certainly a history of insensitivity . And you have to ask if it 's part of a dangerous pattern . But you ca n't throw down the DNA gauntlet , and you 've got to be able to cast for artistry and in the spirit of the character . ''
Another veteran producer , who declined to be identified because of the hot-button topic , says much of the controversy surrounding off-race and off-ethnicity castings is naive because studios are putting faith in proven stars rather than excluding particular types of actors . Recent examples have included Exodus ( a mostly European cast played Middle Eastern characters ) , Rosewater ( Mexican actor Gael Garcia Bernal played real-life Iranian Maziar Bahari ) , A Mighty Heart ( Angelina Jolie as Mariane Pearl , who is half Afro-Chinese-Cuban ) and Selena ( Jennifer Lopez , of Puerto Rican descent , as the late Mexican star ) . Johnny Depp , who identifies as being of Native American heritage , was adopted into the Comanche Nation while playing Tonto in The Lone Ranger , heading off possible backlash .
`` If you 're going to wait around to find the perfect actor who is a quarter Asian , and not just a quarter Asian but a quarter Hawaiian Asian , you will never cast your movie , '' says the producer . But that has n't stopped fans from trying to influence the process . Another Care2 petition has called upon Disney to cast Chinese actors in its new live-action remake of Mulan . Even films that cast in an ethnically accurate way can run into problems . Native American actors walked off the set of the Adam Sandler comedy The Ridiculous 6 in May over the movie 's portrayal of the culture . That prompted Netflix , which will release the film , to defend it as a `` ridiculous '' movie with `` a diverse cast that is not only part of but in on the joke . ''
And even comic book characters are n't immune from criticism . In an April interview with New York magazine , blogger Ta-Nehisi Coates took issue with the casting in X-Men : Apocalypse of half-black actor Alexandra Shipp as Storm , whose mother in the comics is a Kenyan princess . `` I 'm still holding out that we get a Storm who looks like Storm , '' they said . For Aoki , alarms went off when THR reported that Marvel is casting Tilda Swinton as The Ancient One in Doctor Strange . `` The Ancient One is an old Asian man , '' says Aoki . `` We 're trying to get ahold of [ Marvel owner ] Disney to say , 'Come on , you guys . ' I 'm a comic book fan . But when they have characters who are Asian in the comic books , Hollywood is turning them white . In Batman , Ra 's al Ghul is Middle Eastern and their daughter is half-Chinese , but [ in The Dark Knight Rises ] they made them French . ''
Still , some insist Hollywood is making a real effort to cast accurately . Another producer says there has been an uptick in sensitivities `` given how prominent race issues are in the U.S. '' On TV , hits like Empire and Fresh Off the Boat are showing that diversity attracts an audience . And NBC sidestepped controversy with its Peter Pan Live ! by featuring an actor of Cherokee descent as Tiger Lily . But Warners could find with Pan that stepping around the issue only makes it worse .
