click to enlarge Photo courtesy of www.legis.state.pa.us
Dom Costa
Once the Pennsylvania general assembly opened its new session , many Republican lawmakers did what they have done for years : introduce bills aimed at scaring immigrants . Most of them never pass or even get out of committee , but their introduction does inform Pennsylvanians that lawmakers have their sights set on targeting undocumented immigrants.And the start of the 2017 session showcased a doozy . HB 14 is a bill that proposes thatlaw-enforcement personnel and employees of colleges and universities assist in immigration enforcement , and that would cut state funding for institutions that tell their employees not to communicate with federal immigration officers . Currently , any person in the U.S. can call in tips to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) department . But Antonia Domingo , of Pittsburgh 's Labor Council for Latin American Advancement , says the bill “ undercuts trust ” between university officials and immigrant students , because many immigrant students are on student visas and some are undocumented . ( Carnegie Mellon University , the University of Pittsburgh and Chatham University have issued public statements in support of their immigrant populations , with CMU saying it will “ not [ be ] providing immigration or nationality information on any individual unless compelled by law. ” ) Bills like HB 14 are almost always backed by Republicans , but one Pittsburgh-area Democrat is taking heat for their initial support.State Rep. Dom Costa ( D-Stanton Heights ) was originally listed as a co-sponsor on the bill and was the only Democratic co-sponsor . Then , at 1 a.m. on Jan. 31 , Costa tweeted : “ Thank you all for your concerns but I have wrongly been listed online as a cosponsor of HB14 and have requested to be removed as a cosponsor. ” Anita Boehm from Costa 's office toldthat Costa would not be voting for HB 14 and that it was an accident they were named as a sponsor. “ Representative Costa was inadvertently put on house bill as a co-sponsor , ” they say . “ He does not support the House Bill 14. ” However , some in the immigrant-rights camp are skeptical it was merely a clerical error.Gabriel McMorland of advocacy group the Thomas Merton Center cites Costa 's recent record sponsoring and voting in favor of anti-immigrant legislation.In last year 's session alone , Costa co-sponsored eight bills and resolutions that targeted immigrants and refugees . For example , they co-sponsored and voted in favor of HB 1885 , which seeks to strip funding from so-called sanctuary municipalities ( ones where local law enforcement do n't initiate contact with ICE ) . They co-sponsored a House resolution asking Gov . Tom Wolf to reject new Syrian refugees in the state , and co-sponsored HB 237 , which requires proof of citizenship to acquire public benefits . ( It was Costa 's almost constant sponsorship of anti-immigrant legislation that got them on 's Shit List last year . ) Sundrop Carter , of the Pennsylvania Immigration and Citizen Coalition , says there is no documented case in Pennsylvania of an undocumented immigrant receiving public benefits.Additionally , public pressure might have been a factor in Costa retreating on the bill . Last week , McMorland spoke to dozens of Costa 's constituents , who told McMorland they were planning to contact Costa 's office to object to their sponsorship . “ I know a lot of people who have called their office , ” says McMorland.Alex Hanson , of labor coalition Pittsburgh United , says that they and others called Costa 's office two days ago to object to Costa 's sponsorship of HB 14 . Hanson says this is the time for state officials to stand up publicly for immigrant rights. “ There is a very clear choice , for elected officials to choose what side they are on , and we need them to publicly and physically be on the side of immigrants in our community , ” says Hanson . “ We are glad that [ Costa ] removed their sponsorship and we look forward to them standing up for the immigrant community. ” McMorland agrees . They would like to see Costa take a firmer stance in protecting immigrants . “ I do n't think that any of their constituents are reassured that they claimed to make a mistake , ” says McMorland . “ I think people want to hear that they will protect immigrants in Pennsylvania. ” One of those immigrants is Maria Duarte . They are a student at Chatham University , just one mile outside of Costa 's district , and an undocumented immigrant from Mexico . Duarte is a recipient of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) and is protected from deportation , but President Donald Trump has been noncommittal on whether they will end that program Duarte says that Chatham has provided a feeling of protection in this era of uncertainty. “ I feel that being at a university is such a safe place , it empowers you to come out of the shadows , ” says Duarte . “ [ HB 14 is ] forcing universities to not be inclusive . I do n't understand how this would empower anyone. ” Duarte worries that bills like HB 14 are showing that anti-immigrant attitudes are spreading from a national stage , down to state and local levels . “ I think this just goes to show that the bigotry is not just on a national level , but something that is happening everywhere. ” HB 14 is currently in the state House 's State Government committee , run by Daryl Metcalfe ( R-Cranberry ) , one of Pennsylvania 's most outspoken supporters of anti-immigrant legislation.Information on state legislation and representatives can be found at www.legis.state.pa.us .
Massachusetts regulators Tuesday extended their crackdown on anticompetitive practices in the beer industry to the biggest target of all , Anheuser-Busch , saying the brewing giant gave illegal incentives worth nearly $ 1 million to hundreds of Boston-area bars and package stores to push sales of Budweiser and its other drinks while stifling those of other brewers .
The charge by the state Alcoholic Beverages Control Commission — and the large scale of the alleged “ pay-to-play ” scheme — buttressed complaints by small breweries that underhanded tactics are pervasive in the US alcohol industry as large brewers and distributors try to stanch the steady loss of market share to the craft beer movement .
The case also promises to be a complex and challenging enforcement action , targeting an international corporate goliath — Anheuser-Busch parent AB InBev , based in Belgium — and involving more than 400 smaller businesses that allegedly received the incentives .
Advertisement
Anheuser-Busch said in a statement it has “ been working with the ABCC since [ it ] first raised questions about permissible trade practices by wholesalers within the state . We believe that we lawfully provided branded point-of-sale items to retailers and plan to contest these allegations . ”
Get Talking Points in your inbox : An afternoon recap of the day 's most important business news , delivered weekdays . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
In a report detailing their 14-month probe of Anheuser-Busch 's aggressive tactics , ABCC investigators concluded that the company in 2014 and 2015 gave away equipment worth $ 942,200 to 441 Massachusetts alcohol retailers . The finding was based on financial records the agency obtained from Anheuser-Busch 's distribution and sales subsidiary in Medford , which is the exclusive source of Budweiser and the company 's other beers in metropolitan Boston .
The free gear allegedly included 70 “ Budweiser signature draft towers , ” prominent chrome-plated beer-dispensers that stand apart from other taps along a bar counter and are worth up to $ 3,500 .
Anheuser-Busch also gave away more than 500 Budweiser-branded refrigerators to package stores and other retailers , ranging from basic units worth $ 500 to more elaborate coolers with video displays worth as much as $ 5,700 , the ABCC said .
Sales representatives for Anheuser-Busch “ offered the refrigeration equipment to the retailer at no cost , ” investigators wrote , “ provided that the equipment was only utilized for Budweiser products. ” The company also paid for its delivery and installation , the ABCC said .
Advertisement
The ABCC has scheduled a June 20 hearing on the charges . The Anheuser-Busch unit in Medford faces a suspension or revocation of its liquor license . Alcohol licensees are frequently permitted to pay fines based on their revenues in lieu of serving such suspensions , however .
Anheuser-Busch claimed it halted the giveaways in 2015 , when state regulators launched a wide-ranging investigation of trade practices in the local beer industry .
While such arrangements are common in other industries , such as the grocery business , they are forbidden under the stricter rules that govern alcohol sales in most states . Massachusetts prohibits alcohol suppliers and wholesalers from providing retailers anything of “ substantial value ” in an effort to persuade them to buy a particular brand of alcoholic drink .
ABCC officials have said the state 's pay-to-play ban helps ensure a fair marketplace for smaller beer-makers that ca n't afford to pay bars and package stores for placement .
Small brewers argue that allowing a large company to use illegal means to lock up half the taps in a bar , for example , leaves every other brewer to fight over the remaining few , effectively bottlenecking their access to the market .
Advertisement
“ Because of these pay-to-play deals , I go into a bar and I do n't even get a chance to sell my beer , because somebody with more money has blocked off all the taps , ” said Rob Burns , cofounder of Night Shift Brewing in Everett and president of the Massachusetts Brewers Guild industry group . “ I see these places with branded coolers , branded umbrellas — those are expensive . I could n't afford to give away five umbrellas to every bar that sells our beer . ”
Burns noted that small , home-grown breweries are also competing against a number of craft beer brands acquired by Anheuser-Busch , which is promoting them heavily .
“ I 'm less nervous about them trying to shove Budweiser down peoples ' throats , but if they start coming in to craft bars with IPAs and undercutting our prices , that 's a real threat to us , ” Burns said . “ It allows retailers to give the illusion of choice and diversity on the shelf or on the tap list , but really , your money is only going to one company . ”
The ABCC did not name or charge any of the hundreds of retailers it said received the equipment from Anheuser-Busch .
In March , Anheuser-Busch faced similar charges in California , where regulators cited four Los Angeles-area distributorships owned by the company for giving televisions , coolers , and draught equipment to dozens of retailers . To settle the case , Anheuser-Busch agreed to pay $ 200,000 , train its staff on pay-to-play prohibitions , and stop similar incentive programs at its other wholesalers in California .
Though on the books for decades , the pay-to-play law in Massachusetts had been little enforced until 2016 , when the ABCC levied a $ 2.6 million fine against Craft Brewers Guild , the state 's largest craft-beer distributor , for paying at least $ 120,000 in “ kickbacks ” to several restaurant groups to carry certain beers . The company is contesting the penalty in state court .
Only one of the five bars charged in that case , Jerry Remy 's in the Seaport , was penalized . Its owners have sued the ABCC to have the sanction overturned , saying the pay-to-play rule only blocks wholesalers from giving inducements , not bars from accepting them .
The ABCC 's struggle to hold retailers accountable for pay-to-play is a concern for small craft brewers , who say they are routinely hit up for cash , equipment , or services when they try to persuade bar managers or store owners to stock their brews . Brewers want a clearer ban on retailers making such demands , as well as harsher penalties , such as forcing retailers and distributors to actually shut down during license suspensions instead of paying fines .
“ If Boston had to go a week without Budweiser , that would be more than just a shot across the bow , ” Burns said . “ The penalty has to be really high so it 's not worth the risk . ”
In 2016 , AB InBev merged with SAB Miller , creating a company responsible for an estimated 28 percent of all beers sales in the world . In approving the deal in the United States , federal antitrust regulators stipulated AB InBev must seek additional approval before acquiring distributors or craft beer brands . AB InBev was also banned from offering incentives to independent distributors to not sell craft beer made by competitors .
According to media reports , AB InBev 's craft-beer acquisitions and incentive programs had previously been the subject of Department of Justice investigations .
Dan Adams can be reached at daniel.adams @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ Dan_Adams86
As we take a look at the prospects who could be available in the 2014 NFL Draft , it 's not hard to see why teams with a need at wide receiver might be excited .
We have n't seen more than four wide receivers selected in the first round since the 2009 draft . Will that streak be snapped in '14 ? It 's too soon to say , but an abundance of intriguing talent is working its way up the ranks at the position .
Underclassmen tracker NFL.com 's College Football 24/7 is tracking reports of the intentions of college football underclassmen in anticipation for the 2014 More ... NFL.com 's College Football 24/7 is tracking reports of the intentions of college football underclassmen in anticipation for the 2014 NFL Draft
The following players are representative of so many wide receivers we 'll analyze in the months to come , and plenty more will emerge as we go along . These are the targets who no doubt has the attention of NFL teams :
Clemson 's Sammy Watkins
The super-speedy Watkins ( 6-foot-1 , 205 pounds ) bounced back from a disappointing 2012 season to make 85 catches for 1,237 yards and 10 touchdowns . A lot can change between now and the draft -- Watkins , a junior , has yet to declare for the draft -- but the talk from NFL circles indicates Watkins is viewed as potentially the best wide receiver in the draft . That debate will intensify as we get closer to the draft , but scouts love their speed and big-play ability . They can be a major factor as a kick returner , too . Every time they touch the ball , it can be a huge play .
USC 's Marqise Lee
The thing that impresses me so much about Lee ( 6-0 , 195 pounds ) is that he 's not just resting on their athletic ability . As long as they continue to work on their craft , they can be anything they want to be . They have that type of ability . Lee , a junior , battled injuries and their numbers dipped this season after they won the Biletnikoff Award as the nation 's top receiver in 2012 , but they do so many things well . They play well without the ball , will block downfield and is a phenomenal kick returner . When they get their hands on the ball , it scares defenses to death .
Texas A & M 's Mike Evans
Evans ' ability to go up and get the ball really stands out . The 6-foot-5 , 225-pound redshirt sophomore is tough to beat on a jump ball . Now , Missouri CB E.J . Gaines held them to four catches for 8 yards in an Aggies loss last month . So they did show some signs of being human on their way to 65 catches for 1,322 yards and 12 TDs .
LSU 's Odell Beckham Jr .
An explosive playmaker , Beckham Jr. ( 6-0 , 193 ) has developed as he 's gone along . They started out as a kick returner , eventually earned more reps as receiver and this year did it all as a junior , setting an LSU record with 2,222 all-purpose yards . They won the Paul Hornung Award as college football 's most versatile player .
Vanderbilt 's Jordan Matthews
Everyone in the SEC knew what Matthews ( 6-3 , 206 ) could do , and they still will leave as the league 's career leader in receptions and receiving yards . They never had the luxury of elite quarterback play but still was prolific . This season they set an SEC single-season record with 107 catches . The senior shows great toughness , the ability to work inside and they can beat a defense over the top . If they run a good time at the combine , look out . They could rise up draft boards .
Florida State 's Kelvin Benjamin
Also a redshirt sophomore , Benjamin ( 6-5 , 234 ) knows how to use their big body , but they run well , too . He 's a matchup nightmare . Benjamin utilizes their strength and tremendous power to gain an advantage over defensive players . Duke coach David Cutcliffe might have said it best when they called them `` a monster . ''
Penn State 's Allen Robinson
Robinson 's experience was big for the Nittany Lions this season , as they helped break in a true first-year student at quarterback in Christian Hackenberg . He 's an excellent route runner , can work inside and outside and is a dangerous kick returner , too . Robinson , a junior , set school single-season records this season for receptions ( 97 ) and receiving yards ( 1,432 ) .
Follow Charles Davis on Twitter @ CFD22 .
The Trump administration recently imposed sanctions on trade concerning humanitarian aid and negotiations with debts on Venezuela to put pressure on its current government .
The U.S. stopped before sanctioning against imports of crude oil from Venezuela , a move that would also raise American gas prices and negatively impact domestic jobs .
A formerly prosperous country centered on oil exports , Venezuela has become a close trading partner with the U.S. and other foreign nations in the past few decades . With the election of president Nicolás Maduro in 2013 , external tensions between the right-wing U.S. capitalists and the new left-wing political party and internal tensions between competing parties have increased rapidly .
In the past two months , tensions have heightened even more as the U.S. is speculated to react to a stockpile of Russian Man-portable air-defense missiles held by the Maduro regime .
The U.S. and Venezuela have always shared mixed relations with one another , which started to polarize more after the 1999 election of socialist president Hugo Chávez .
“ The only reason there 's tension between Venezuela and the U.S. is because they blamed us for supporting a rebellion in 2002 , ” said Early College student David Moore .
The U.S. is still trying to influence the Venezuelan government by supporting right-wing opposition , believing that conflicts will weaken their government , allowing the U.S. to establish favorable political systems . Internal conflicts between competing parties in Venezuela are blocking the U.S. from achieving this predicted political goal .
“ I feel like conflict in South America always creates negative tensions between them and the U.S. , ” said student Abbey Road . “ Also , it makes them seem like the ugly duckling left behind , almost to the level of North Korea . I wish it stopped , there are other important things that we need to worry about at home , like hurricane damage . ”
Within Venezuela , there are two major competing socialist parties , one following the ideas of former president Hugo Chávez , the other supporting the new president Nicolás Maduro .
BBC News stated that the Chavistas , or supporters of Chávez , blame the opposition of being elitists and exploiting the poor to increase their own riches . The opposition argued that the Chavistas have eroded Venezuela 's democratic institutions and mismanaged the economy . The Chavistas also accuse the opposition of being supported by the United States , further reducing the relationship between the two countries .
Although the current president is from the same party as Chávez , Chavez 's supporters do not fully support him . Maduro lacks in the charisma that their predecessor possessed , which some believe allowed Chávez to draw foreign countries in for investment and have strong control over resources .
This internal conflict over political ideologies hit an international level when the Supreme Tribunal of Justice , the Judicial branch of the Venezuelan government , took over the National Assembly , the legislative branch of the government .
Because Maduro supporters compose the TSJ and the opposition make up the National Assembly , the tension between the two parties reached a new level , invoking riots and protests throughout Venezuela . Although the TSJ relinquished control over the National Assembly shortly after , Maduro still faces accusations of transforming their power to an authoritarian state .
George Guo , professor of comparative politics , said , “ Maduro now plans to revise the constitution of Venezuela and abolish opposition in the parliament with newfound power . ”
In response to this , the U.S. has threatened to send military troops to Venezuela , but are reluctant to do so .
“ I think this is because the other countries near Venezuela agree with some of the ideas like socialism that Maduro has , ” said Early College student Eric Zhang . “ Trump wo n't have many friends if they decide to go down there , it 's just not a good idea . ”
The U.S. idealistically holds a free-market right-wing philosophy where business and the interests of the upper class are priorities .
“ Though America aims to support the right-wing opposition in Venezuela , Maduro continues to flex their ( military ) muscle as a show of force against any intervention , ” said Guo . “ No significant efforts are being taken by the National Assembly to oppose Maduro because their support from the military allows the Venezuelan leader not only to control the government , but the media and national resources . ”
The Guilford community at home has had differed opinions about the subject matter , though the one consistency is that the Venezuela crisis has become a test to world democracy .
“ The conflict in Venezuela just proves how the world is far from peace , and how neighboring countries have a significant task of helping and aiding situations like that of Venezuela , ” said student Trevor Hyatt .
25th June 2013 , Mobile Asia Expo , Shanghai – Sony Mobile Communications ( “ Sony Mobile ” ) today introduces the next revolution in premium large-screen Android smartphone entertainment . The new Xperia Z Ultra is waterproof * * , ultra-slim with a lightweight design so you can enjoy it anytime , anywhere . It 's the first smartphone ever to incorporate a Full HD TRILUMINOS™ Display for mobile powered by Sony 's latest X-Reality™ for mobile picture engine to deliver the most immersive viewing experience imaginable . Additionally , the Xperia Z Ultra will also feature the fully integrated Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 800 processor with 2.2 GHz quad-core CPUs , 4GLTE and HD voice to provide a seamless connected entertainment experience , industry-leading battery performance and amazing speed .
“ The Xperia Z Ultra is the most exciting revolution in large-screen smartphone entertainment devices with both the slimmest and largest Full HD smartphone display * in the world that is second to none. ” said Calum MacDougall , Director of Xperia Marketing at Sony Mobile Communications . “ We 're already bringing the best of Sony technology and design across a range of premium smartphones and tablets , and now we are bringing this same premium offering to the large-screen smartphone segment , setting a new standard for others to follow . ”
The world 's largest Full HD smartphone display *
Xperia Z Ultra features a 6.4 ” touchscreen Full HD display with Sony 's unique TRILUMINOS® Display for mobile , creating a wider palette of rich natural colours thanks to Sony 's BRAVIA TV expertise . The breakthrough technology includes X-Reality™ for mobile – Sony 's intelligent super resolution display technology which analyzes each image and reproduces lacking pixels to optimize quality for the sharpest videos . It analyses elements depending on the scene and adjusts them based on pattern , outline and colour composition . It also strengthens subtle patterns and accurately portrays their detailed feel , as well as reinforcing bold outlines . The large Full HD display has been optimised to experience at least 60 % * * * more of the screen than most other smartphones .
The world 's slimmest Full HD smartphone *
Xperia Z Ultra is supremely slim and lightweight with a beautifully crafted 6.5mm body and weighing just 212 grams for ultimate portability . Sony craftsmanship in design and attention to detail comes to the fore with clean lines and premium materials – the front and back are made of tempered glass , creating a seamless surface with the OptiContrast™ panel housed in an innovative solid metal frame which looks stunning from any angle . It features the same acclaimed OmniBalance design as Xperia Z and Tablet Z . The Xperia Z Ultra is available in a choice of black , white or purple colour finishes .
The only waterproof Full HD smartphone * *
Xperia Z Ultra is both elegant and durable . With an impressive rating of IP55 and IP58 , this smartphone is n't only resistant to dust , but is waterproof * * too – giving you the freedom to enjoy it anywhere . You can even film in Full HD underwater , taking your large-screen smartphone experience to a new level . The camera features “ Exmor RS for mobile ” , HDR for both photos and film , and Superior Auto mode automatically activates HDR and noise reduction when needed , so you 'll get stunning imagery even in challenging light conditions . Learn more about our waterproof technology
Ultimate entertainment experience
The Xperia Z Ultra is uniquely positioned to offer the ultimate big screen phone entertainment experience for watching movies , playing games , reading books and browsing the web .
Sony 's “ WALKMAN ” , Album and Movies media applications enable discovery of online and offline content through a single access point with new ways to enjoy and share that content .
The “ WALKMAN ” application leverages Sony 's audio engine and Facebook integration for sharing and discovering new music and is unique in that it provides seamlessly integrated access to all your downloaded music as well as access to a global library of over 20 million songs2 from Sony 's cloud-based subscription music service , Music Unlimited3 .
The Movies application brings new intuitive ways to discover , manage and play movie content , together with easy access to an extensive library of blockbuster movies and the latest TV episodes from the Video Unlimited2 service .
The Album application provides seamless integration with the PlayMemories Online2 service , letting you access all your photos and albums from within the Album app instantly and easily , wherever you are . You can even set an automatic upload of your photos to the PlayMemories Online service to access and enjoy from any your favourite Sony devices .
The Sony Reader app2 provides seamless Reader store2 access so you can download and enjoy the latest bestsellers – it even lets you sync purchased books in popular formats and continue reading from same page .
Xperia Z Ultra will include an exclusive free entertainment content offer , including a free trial of the Music Unlimited2 service ( subject to availability ) .
Ultimate performance with the world 's fastest smartphone processor * * * *
The Xperia Z Ultra features the world 's fastest smartphone processor * * * * – the Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 processor with HD voice , that together with Sony´s audio Sony 's ClearAudio+ mode and Xloud loudness enhancement , delivers not just exceptional speed and performance , but also unsurpassed voice and audio quality .
Battery STAMINA Mode significantly improves the standby time of your smartphone by four times or more1 as it recognises when you 're not using your display and automatically turns off the functions you do n't need , while keeping the notifications you want . As soon as you press the power button to wake up your screen , everything is up and running again .
Built for business
The Xperia Z Ultra is the ideal business partner thanks to the super responsive screen with handwriting recognition which is compatible with any pencil and selected stylus or pen ( capacitive stylus or metal pen with tip diameter over 1mm ) . . You can even write notes or sketches during calls so you 'll always be ready capture your ideas as they happen . The easy-toggle keyboard makes it ideal for one-handed input and multi-tasking , with small apps to help you improve productivity so you do n't lose time browsing between windows .
The robust security architecture safeguards both your corporate and personal data , with support for multiple accounts that are quick and simple to set up . Further business oriented applications will be made available in future as software updates , ensuring you get the best smartphone experience – whether for work or play .
Ultra connectivity
With one-touch functions you can instantly and easily share music , photos and videos from your smartphone to a wide range of NFC-enabled Sony devices , including speakers , SmartWatch , wireless headsets and TVs . There are several new and innovative accessories joining the range of popular connected devices .
The SBH52 is a dynamic Smart Bluetooth™ Handset that provides easy hands-free call handling with a single press , while leaving your smartphone conveniently in your bag . The OLED display conveniently lets you browse your call log , view text messages , and see who 's calling you . Use it as a quality stereo music headset to listen to your tracks or to the built-in standalone FM radio with RDS . Pairing and connecting is done simply by touching it to your Xperia Z Ultra or other NFC-enabled device . And it 's sleek , minimal design is splash-proof , meaning you can now use it anywhere , in any weather .
The latest generation of SmartWatch , the SmartWatch 2 SW2 , helps you keep track of everything without taking your smartphone out of your pocket or bag . The SmartWatch 2 is a truly multifunctional digital watch and phone remote that lets you receive notifications , control your music , and connect with one-touch NFC to your Bluetooth™ headset for easy call handling . The water-resistant design makes it more versatile to use than ever and can be personalised with any standard watch strap . Use it as a standalone watch or with your smartphone . There are over 200 apps available for our first generation and with an open API we expect new applications will be developed quickly and easily for SmartWatch 2 .
The Magnetic Charging Dock DK30 has an innovative magnetic pin that lets you place your Xperia Z Ultra snugly in the dock using one hand , either with or without the phone cover on . While your phone is charging , it stands at a comfortable viewing angle easily allowing you to keep watching your favourite movies even while charging .
The Xperia Z Ultra will launch globally from Q3 2013 ( exact timing of availability will vary by market ) .
For all the latest news , views and info on Sony Xperia products , follow @ SonyMobileNews on Twitter .
'Judging by the footsteps it walked strangely - toes inside , and the step is wide . ' Picture : VN.ru
There has been a gap of almost 14 months since the last Yeti evidence in Siberia , an unusually long interval with no sightings of the mythical creature or its footprints .
But today there is news of footprints near the village of Eryomino , close to the Chyoka River , in the Kyshtovsky district , Novosibirsk region , regarded as a little off the beaten track for the abominable snowman aka Bigfoot and Sasquatch .
Alexei Kovalenko , a hunter and a fisherman , revealed these recent pictures of mysterious footprints , prompting the head of the village council in Kulyaba in the same district - Alexander Shadrin to disclose that on September 17 they came face to face with a yeti which had been terrorising cows at night .
' I was greatly scared , ' they confessed , explaining the creature was 'all hairy ' and 'light silver ' in colour .
'The toe are pressed , and the trace of the heel is barely noticeable . Apparently , they are walking quietly , almost silently . ' Picture : VN.ru
On the latest footprints , Kovalenko said : ' I was fishing , and ran out of earthworms . I went along the river to dig some , and I saw a footstep . I initially thought that it was a human 's . I looked closer and realised that it did not look like a human 's .
'It also did not look like bear 's footprint . ' I 'm a hunter , and I know what a bear 's mark is like . It has a different shape and claws ... And this one has no claws . And judging by the footsteps it walked strangely - toes inside , and the step is wide .
'The footsteps were strongly pressed into the ground , obviously because of the weight of the creature . The footsteps went to the water . Obviously the creature had come from Bespyatovka [ abandoned village ] , crossed the Chyoka River and went on to the creek on the other side . '
The trail led to a sandy area nearby . 'The footstep was clear as the sand was wet ... The step width is big , meaning the creature was high . I rushed to my wife , they took a camera and we made pictures . '
'Obviously the creature had come from Bespyatovka [ abandoned village ] , crossed the Chyoka River and went on to the creek on the other side . ' Picture : VN.ru
The commotion led another fisherman Alexander Goloburdo , from Kyshtovka village , to cross the river to examine the evidence . They brought their friend Vladimir Sychyov .
'We crossed the river in our boat and they showed us the strange footsteps - wide , and without claws , ' they said . ' I 'm also experienced hunter , so I know that bear footsteps look different , ' they said .
'And they are not human . The toe are pressed , and the trace of the heel is barely noticeable . Apparently , they are walking quietly , almost silently . '
The footprints led Mr Shadrin to open up on their earlier sightings of a yeti in the same region , but some 58 kilometres from the latest footprint sighting .
' I would never believe this if I had not seen with my own eyes , ' they recounted . 'After work , it was already 10 pm . I was riding on a motorcycle in my district . I suddenly saw the cows running towards me . They should have been sleeping .
Footprints were spotted near the village of Eryomino , close to the Chyoka River , another evidence came from Kulyaba village , in 58 kilometres . Pictures : The Siberian Times
'After the cows ran away , I saw glowing eyes in the dark . At first I thought it was a calf that had lagged behind . And when I was some 15 metres from this creature and lit it with my headlight , I realised what it really was - and even my heels turned cold .
'Its height was roughly 2.5 metres , all hairy - light silver hairs ... I was greatly scared ... '
Mr Shadrin 's phone did not answer when The Siberian Times called for more information of their sighting , and further details on the footprints in their district . Local media reports do not state when they saw the alleged yeti .
Most purported Siberian sightings of yeti , or claims of the discovery of footprints , or hair , are in neighbouring Kemerovo region . The last footprints were sighted here in September 2015 . There are plans to develop yeti-hunting tours here .
A “ Love Wins ” post-election rally in Charlotte , N.C. , was not the apolitical love-fest it pretended to be . Instead , it was a partisan gathering where liberals do what they always do : they demand tolerance of their aberrant views and label anyone who disagrees with them a hater .
As reported by the Charlotte Observer , women from the pro-Hillary Clinton social media group Pantsuit Nation organized the event “ to reach across political , racial , religious and other barriers and overcome the fear and anger that accompanied the presidential campaign and its aftermath . ”
That alone speaks volumes . What were the causes of the “ fear and anger ” in the presidential campaign ? Who failed to reach across “ political , racial , and religious barriers ” ?
The rally speakers implied that Donald Trump and their supporters were the cause of all the hate and discontent during this political season . But were they ? Or did liberals just perceive it to be “ hateful ” because it did n't comport with their politically correct agenda ?
I 'd say it 's the latter . As liberals always do , they define what love is and then accuse others of hate when they do n't conform to that definition . They tell you what “ human decency ” looks like , and if you do n't comply , you 're a horrible person .
Let me give you a few examples .
Here in North Carolina , we 've been fighting over the passage of House Bill 2 , which tells North Carolinians that if they want to use a public restroom or locker room , they have to use the one that complies with their biological sex . In other words , even if a man is feeling like a woman one day , they ca n't simply walk into the girl 's locker room on a state university campus and strip down . They have to use the men 's locker room .
Sounds pretty logical , right ? Recognizing the privacy rights of the two sexes is something we 've been doing for , well , centuries , but all of a sudden the progressive left decided that our sex is fluid . Men can become women , women can become men . No longer are there just two sexes -- there are several in-between . It 's a ridiculous notion , of course , because it rejects mental illness and chemical imbalances as the cause of gender dysphoria and legitimizes it as “ identity , ” thereby justifying body mutilation as treatment . It also forces the rest of society to embrace an individual 's fantasy as truth , resulting in a collective mass delusion regarding sexual identity .
Those of us who support House Bill 2 and see the violation of privacy rights to be a serious matter have been labeled “ haters. ” Because we do n't want to open public bathrooms to the opposite sex , we 're discriminating against the LGBT community . We 're bigots . We want hate to win , not love .
The same is true regarding same-sex marriage . If you reject redefining marriage from the union of a man and a woman -- and the product of that union , a child -- to a “ loving relationship ” that could include any combination of people , then somehow , you hate gay people . Once again , you 're a bigot . Love only wins when you comply with the liberal agenda , not if you believe in certain principles that you think are actually good for individuals and society as a whole .
Issues of race are also twisted to mean what liberals what them to mean . If you believe a black police officer had every right and obligation to shoot a gun-toting black man , then you 're a racist , and you hate black people . Your city deserves to burn .
If you believe immigrants should abide by our federal immigration laws and if they do n't then they need to be deported , you 're a bigot who hates Hispanics . If you believe that keeping America safe is a priority and immigrants from hotbeds of terrorism need to be thoroughly vetted before coming across our borders , you 're an evil white supremacist who hates Muslims . Love only wins when you open your home to everyone , even if they 've been trained to strap bombs to themselves and blow up children at a sporting event .
I 'll take it one step further . If you believe that Islam itself is a militant religion that ca n't co-exist with the U.S. Constitution , except in a secular form ( which Islamists reject as not being true Islam ) , then you 're a bigot who hates Muslims . Liberalism defines and labels you . You want hate to win , not love .
This strategy of the left to box in conservatives has been going on for decades , and it continues to go on with shameless audacity . During the next four years , we 're going to hear a lot about “ love ” and “ tolerance , ” but these are merely code words for “ if you support a policy that pushes against the liberal agenda , then you 're supporting hate and intolerance . ”
Anything that opposes the LGBT , pro-choice , open borders , climate change , or a propagandized “ civil rights ” agenda will be classified as hate . It 's important for those on the right to guard against getting emotionally and psychologically caught in this trap . They need to push back against this emotional bullying by those who want to redefine love . When you hear “ love wins , ” know that it really means “ liberalism wins . ”
After the election of Donald Trump , I had breakfast with a liberal friend of mine . During the campaign , they were quite hostile to me , calling my positions bigoted and basically doing what liberals often do -- trashing our founding principles as oppressive ideas created by racist white men . They showed little “ tolerance ” for my views and , frankly , a lot of actual hate .
Them tune changed , though , after Trump 's win . Over coffee , they said they should n't have been so harsh during the campaign , that we need to come together now . I agreed , encouraged by the possibility that my friend might be learning something . But then they said :
What we need in this nation is more tolerance . We need to build bridges and show love .
I did n't fall for the ploy . I answered gently :
No , I disagree . What we need in this nation is more commitment to truth and right principles . While we should always strive to love and accept people , it is our responsibility as creatures made in God 's image to reject false ideas and fight evil . Tolerance for tolerance sake will lead to our own destruction . The most loving thing we can do for one another is done what is right and promote ideas that are good . But before we can do that , we need to agree that there is such a thing as right and wrong . As long as we live in a society that calls evil , good and good , evil , then we can have no real love or tolerance . We have only intimidation , manipulation , and ultimately oppression .
I 'd say the same thing to the ladies from Pantsuit Nation and any other liberal calling for “ bridge-building ” and “ love ” now that they 're in a less powerful position .
Love is important and necessary in interpersonal relationships , but bad ideas need to be called out , opposed , and soundly rejected . We need to foster mutual affection in the civil society , but we ca n't have a civil society if we tolerate ideas that undermine true justice and liberty . The bridges we build must be firmly anchored in a common commitment to true principles , not mere tolerance or a false notion of “ love . ”
Letting Muslims flood into the U.S. from dangerous regions is bad . Changing the definition of marriage is harmful to family sovereignty in relation to the state . Opening up women 's public bathrooms to men endangers those we love . Encouraging riots in the streets because of false narratives about police shootings is evil . Allowing illegal immigrants to break our laws destabilizes our country . Expanding the powers of the federal government threatens the liberty of all .
These ideas and policies must be opposed . When that happens love truly does win , because love ca n't be separated from the good . A society that peddles lies as truth and supports policies that undermine justice and liberty is a bankrupt society . In that world , love never wins .
A lot of people today are excited about the new Zune HD . And that 's great news for Microsoft , as it has been attempting for a few years now to even just steal some buzz from Apple in the MP3 market , if not sales . Well , they 've succeeded in the first part , but the second ? That could be much more difficult .
Microsoft 's new device sounds great : OLED screen , HD radio , HD video ( 720p ) outputs , powerful Tegra chip , and most importantly a iPod-beating price of $ 219.99 for the 16 GB variety , and just $ 289.99 for the 32 GB version . That latter is a $ 110 savings over the comparable iPod touch , which the Zune HD clearly targets . And now it has a very real release date : About a month from now , September 15 .
Are the planets aligning for a hit version of the Zune , finally ? Not so fast .
Apple typically takes the first week of September to hold a press event to show off its new iPods . Last year , the event was on Tuesday , September 9 . This year , that same second Tuesday is on September 8 . Music industry sources tell MediaMemo 's Peter Kafka that Apple is going to hold an event the week of September 7 . Bingo .
So yes , it looks very likely that Apple will hold its next iPod press event one week before the launch of the new Zune . And what does that likely mean ? Aside from Apple likely talking about the “ Cocktail ” music format project it has been working on , and quite possibly a new social iTunes 9 , also very likely to drop are the new iPod touches . Yes , the device the Zune HD is competing against . Uh oh .
Why uh oh ? Well because while the Zune HD looks good compared to the current iPod touch , the new versions will certain be seeing some upgrades . What are the two most likely upgrades ? A camera , which the Zune HD does n't have . And a price drop . Again , uh oh .
It 's not clear if Daring Fireball 's John Gruber has some inside information here or if he 's just making a prediction , but what they write today certainly sounds like it could be the case for the new iPod touches :
The Zune HD prices look good compared to today 's iPod Touches , but not so much compared to the new camera-equipped ones Apple is set to announce next month ( 16/32/64 GB for $ 199/299/399 ) .
That would make the Zune HD 32 GB only $ 10 cheaper than the comprable iPod touch . And again , with no camera , and no apps ( at least not yet anyway ) . The Zune HD could still very well hold an edge with an OLED screen ( it 's not clear if a new iPod touch would feature that ) and the HD-outputs , but would that really be enough to dethrone the dominant player in the market ?
Look , the Zune HD does sound very nice , and I 've said as much many times . But the overall idea of the Zune is still a bit odd to me . It 's Microsoft burning money to compete in a market ( MP3 players ) that is slowly fading away . Now , there is undoubtedly a plan to get apps on it eventually , and I 'm sure games , to turn it into more than an MP3 player . But right now , there is basically no mention of any of that by Microsoft . So that means that when it does happen , it will likely be months from now .
And even with those , the bigger question remains : What 's the end game here for Microsoft , which makes its money off of Windows and Office ? .
My point is that Microsoft has spent the entire lifespan of the Zune chasing Apple 's tail , for what ? The first hard drive-based Zunes came years after the iPod , and did n't sell well . Then it released a Flash memory version well after the first flash iPods , and that too did n't sell well . Now it has an iPod touch competitor 2 years after the iPod touch was released . On paper , it sounds promising right now , but come September 8 , it 's likely to be one-upped by Apple yet again .
It 's not hard to see how this plays out , sometime next year we 'll hear about a new Zune HD that has a camera and has app support . The question is will the Zune HD have made any headway into Apple 's market by then ? That is far from a certainty , despite the nice-looking new device .
What I 'd really like to know is who plans these events for Microsoft ? How on Earth did n't they not realize that Apple has an iPod event pretty much every year now in the first few days of September ? I 'm sure it would have been a big pain in the ass , but why not put everything you have into ramping up production earlier and getting it to market before Apple can respond ?
In the lead up to Australia Day this year , news.com.au published an interactive game that allows users to “ build the perfect Australian ” by combining various bits and pieces from a stable of notable Aussies . You go to the site and you get to pick the head , body and legs you want in your perfect Australian , then , the machine spits out a sort of True-Blue Frankenstein 's Monster , presumably so you can print out a life size copy and add it to the poor-taste nationalist shrine you 've erected in your living room ( between the limited edition VB cartons and the over-priced Channel 9 sports memorabilia ) .
There are 36 Australians of note on the app , and I did some quick maths : you can combine them to make over 40,000 distinct perfect Aussies . 40,000 is loads , but every single one of those perfect Aussies will be a white person , because every single person on news.com.au 's list of notable Australians is a white person , and that 's how genetics works ( even Frankenstein-esque genetics ) . 40,000 perfect white Australians .
And it 's not like this is on a part-time blog run by one person who 's also trying to hold down a full time job . This was published on Australia 's largest news website . That means that someone at news.com.au had the idea , they pitched it to the editorial team , the editorial team chose the people to include , the tech team created the app , the editors reviewed it , and the online editor posted it . At no point did anyone think it was worthwhile including a single non-white person in the app .
If we want Australia Day to be representative of the inclusive , diverse nation we all live in , then as a bare minimum , this kind of narrow definition of what it means to be Australian ( perfect or otherwise ) has no place in our celebrations and reflections .
Call me overly politically correct if you want , but I almost always prickle at the idea of building a ‘ perfect ' person of any kind , but especially when it is specifically about nationality or race , because there are some very dark ends to those well-trodden eugenic paths .
The interactive was called The Australianator , which is a bit of an unwieldy title , but I assume they only used it because “ A Sentimental Reminiscence of The White Australia Policy ” was too wordy , and I have n't checked , but I think the Centre for Independent Studies may have already pre-emptively copyrighted that title for an upcoming project .
The Australianator as a website is so boneheaded and thoughtless in title and execution that it is actually baffling . Was their exclusionary list an accident ? Was it cynical exploitation of nationalism to get page clicks ? Was it a calculated attempt to annoy otherwise very placid people like myself into writing editorials for SBS ? For all we know , maybe The Australianator , like the Terminator , is actually a computer program/robot sent back in time by future xenophobes to prevent a horrific dystopian future where racism no longer exists ? Perish the thought .
Whatever the case , there are obvious problems with your idea of national perfection being singularly white , particularly when you 're trying to describe somewhere as diverse as Australia ; somewhere where around 46 % of people have at least one parent who was born overseas . Intentionally or otherwise , a solely white vision of perfection sends a very clear message : Being white is a very important element to being Australian , and if you are n't white , you are n't a real Australian .
But the problems do n't stop there , it 's also just factually inaccurate to suggest all of the people available on the app are definitively capable of representing The Perfect Australian . Is news.com.au actually at a point where they would rather include fictional satires of Australia culture from half a century ago , rather than any person of colour ?
As a Chinese Australian , there are always going to be people who look at me and think that I 'm not a “ Real Aussie ” . Growing up , I would routinely have people tell me to go back to where I came from , and that really sucked . I 'd like to pretend I was naïve enough to think , “ What do they mean ? I was born here in Australia ? ” - but the people of the Sutherland Shire in the early 1990 's made it very clear , and I knew exactly what they meant . I did not look like them , so I did not belong in their country , and while I do n't want to ascribe genuinely racist motives to the people who made this app , I can say that flicking through the site on Australia Day did make me feel a lot like that little kid at Illawong Primary School in 1994 who quit the school basketball team after the other kids told them they were all going to play for Australia , and they could n't because they were Chinese .
( Incidentally , in the spirit of full disclosure , I should probably say that I was actually very terrible at basketball , and I suspect my teammates ' overt racism probably stemmed from their frustration with my inability to hit a lay up , and while I do n't want to be an apologist for childhood racism of any sort , after I quit , the team did go on to win some sort of regional competition without me , so y'know , every cloud , I guess ) .
I 'm not saying that the editors needed to specifically include people who looked like me as a Chinese Australian so that I could finally feel welcome and overcome the demons of my childhood , because I 've learned to deal with those issues primarily by writing comedy about them and then having white people pay me money to listen to me talk . I 'm not saying the list should have included Penny Wong or Lee Lin Chin or whichever person I feel adequately represents “ me ” as a Chinese Australian ( though I guess , why not ? those people are great ) , it 's just that the striking lack of diversity in The Australianator indicates a real thoughtlessness on the part of the creators and a commitment to long out-of-date ideas and this just really highlights just how tragically out of touch they are .
You 'd think they could find one person of colour to include on their list . Just one .
Maybe in their minds , the problem is that all the people who could be considered notable Australians are white ? I mean , obviously if you exclusively watched commercial television and got all your news from news.com.au you might mistakenly get that idea , but I assure you it is inaccurate . Even a cursory glance at the Wikipedia list of Australian of the Year Recipients reveals more diversity than news.com.au 's Australianator , people like Mick Dodson or John Yu or Lionel Rose or Cathy Freeman , or I dunno , this year 's Australian of the Year recipient Adam Goodes .
It is utterly ridiculous that this homogenous view of the ideal Australia still persists , not just because of how far removed from reality it is , but also because of how sheltered a day-to-day life you would have to live to think that this is the kind of Australia people associate with perfection . Even though it 's not surprising that this kind of thing was published on Australia Day by the Murdoch press , it 's still disappointing that people are so willing to narrowly define Australia based on outdated and arbitrary criteria that are at once lowest common denominator , and yet still somehow , completely out of touch with the broader population .
TL ; DR – news.com.au thinks Kyle Sandilands is a more “ perfect Australian ” than Adam Goodes .
Michael Hing is a Sydney-based comedian .
Cut and Paste . A Primer on Architecture School ( Part 1 )
You voted for it , so here it is , my giant post about architecture school . The more I 've worked on it , the larger it became . I 've broken it into two separate posts . This week will focus on what actually comprises architecture school . Next week will focus on the experiential side of what to expect . Let me know about your architecture school experience or any other tips for students in the comments section .
In the Beginning
So you 're thinking about becoming an architect ? No ? Well , I 'm going to tell you what it 's like to go to architecture school anyway . If you talk to any architect , they will probably tell you a bunch of stories that horrify you , yet somehow seem to be amusing to them . Architecture school is a battlefield . It 's tough . There are a lot of late nights and failure , but there are also a lot of eureka moments and projects coming together at the last moment . Assuming you already know the basics about applying to architecture school and getting in , I 'm going to go through some of what you 'll experience as an architecture student and give some tips to help along the way .
What is it ?
There are commonly two paths to get a professional degree in architecture ( in the US ) . You can get a 5 year professional degree in architecture or a 4 year Bachelor 's degree followed by a 2 year Master 's degree in Architecture . The second route allows you to get a Bachelor 's degree in another subject ( business , art , etc ) before getting your Master 's degree in architecture . Architects have always been expected to have broad knowledge on many topics . A large part of our jobs is bringing together information from many different fields and then combining it into a single plan or idea . Naturally , architecture school puts students through a wide ranging amount of classes . You 'll have architectural history , structural classes , technical drawing , site planning , mechanical systems , studio classes and many others .
Do n't ask me why , just do it .
On top of all your architectural classes , you 'll have to take a lot of gen ed ( general education ) classes . Mostly , they suck . You 'll probably have as many non-architecture classes your first-year student year that you have architecture classes . If you are still in high school , take as much college credit ahead of time that you can . Depending on where you go to college , having college credits will exempt you from certain classes . No matter what major you study , you will have to take gen eds . The more you can get out of the way now , the better .
I can not stress enough how crappy taking general education classes in college can be . Most of the time you do n't want to be there and the teachers do n't either . Usually gen eds are taught by graduate or PhD students and they are only there because they have to be . At my university , every first-year student was required to take two semesters of literature classes . When you have 5,000 students who all have to take the same class , you have a LOT of different teachers . Most of them were graduate students . My teacher took the class very seriously and made sure to give us 6-page papers every frigging week , while other students in different sections had teachers who would cancel class every other week and never give more than a two page assignment the whole semester . It gets me angry just remembering it .
By lessening the amount of classes you have to take , you can devote more time to architecture or sign up for other classes you 're interested in . Most architects will tell you to take business classes or get a business minor if you have the time . That 's all very nice and good and will come in very handy if you plan on running your own firm . I would argue that you should find something you 're interested in and become an expert in it . Having skills on your resume that are n't architecture will set you apart from everyone else . Business classes , of course , will look very good , but being Spanish speaking anywhere within 100 miles of the Mexican border could make you much more valuable . Likewise , having a background in fine arts could give you an edge when applying to firms that specialize in that building type . By becoming fluent in an unrelated field , it will open your mind to thinking differently from what they teach you in architecture school . The better you 're able to understand and communicate across multiple fields and disciplines , the more successful you 'll be as an architect .
Watch Them Drop Like Flies
I 'm not going to lie to you . Architecture school is hard . A lot of people that you become friends with your first-year student year will drop out . The first year is pretty easy compared to the years ahead , but compared to what most high school students are used to , it 's a huge adjustment . You 'll get enough architecture in that first year to decide if you 're cut out for it , and for a lot of students , they are n't . If you make it to your junior year , those around you will most likely be the ones with you at graduation . As Bob Borson mentions in a similar post about architecture school , there are n't many members of fraternities or sororities in the architecture program . You learn that architecture school will take up a lot of your time and you ca n't afford to be out partying every night with your Ag buddies . It 's tough love , but if you ca n't take your education seriously , you will never be an architect .
Architects like to say that architecture is a calling . It 's a profession that requires you to care about what you do . Sometimes that means going above and beyond on projects . The field of architecture is wide ranging and allows you to take many different paths . You 'll have to find your passion in architecture . If you do n't , you will burn out fast . Architecture school is a great place to start testing out things that interest you . Take the time to explore different aspects of architecture and when you graduate , you 'll be much better prepared to find the right career . If you want to be a residential architect who gets his/her hands on every aspect of a project and right out of school go to a huge architecture firm drawing roofing details for manufacturing plants , you will hate your life .
The Studio
The architecture studio will be ever present in your education . It 's the place where you spend most of your time . Studio classes are usually 9-15 hours of class in studio a week and a heck of a lot more time working on projects outside of your “ classroom time ” . When you have work for other classes , you do it in the studio . It will become your second home . Sometimes it will be your first home . Architecture students are even given keys to the building so they can be in their studios 24/7 . They start off so clean at the beginning of the year , but by the end , they are a chaotic mess of failed models , scraps , tools , works in progress , takeout menus , stacks of Red Bull and Mountain Dew cans and anything else students need to live in the studio . I kept my guitar in the studio to take breaks with . We also had Frisbees , footballs , playing cards , Nerf guns , mini fridges , couches , the list goes on…
The reason your studio classes take the forefront in your architectural education is not necessarily the content , but the process you learn along the way . In the studio classes , you will be given a design problem which you will translate into a design for a building ( or multiple buildings , urban plan , etc . ) which will then be presented by you and critiqued . You may have 3-4 projects a semester or just one . Studios teach you how to assess problems and create solutions for them . It 's in learning how to think in that way and by actually solving problems , over and over , that you become a good architect .
It 's important to take time to step back and refresh your mind while being in the studio for hours on end . Get out and get some coffee with other students . Go for a 30 minute walk . Go home and take a shower ( seriously , phew ) . Sometimes the best way to solve a problem is to leave it alone for a bit and come back to it with a fresh mind .
[ Image Source : SIUC School of Architecture ]
You will be forced to do group projects . Take a leadership role , do more than your fair share and do it well . It wo n't go unnoticed by your professors and peers . Collaboration is a huge part of what practicing architects do . There is no way to get anything built without having multiple people with various viewpoints work together . Learning how to work well with others will only improve your final product . It will help you see things you did n't before and allow you to explore your work from new angles . The best part of collaboration is having your peers evaluate your work before your professors . It 's a great way to hone your designs before your final critiques .
The Crits
Critiques happen at the end a project . You present whatever you 've generated for your project ( models , renderings , animations , etc . ) and you 'll be critiqued by a panel . This is usually your professor , a couple other architecture professors and possibly people from other professions with an expertise in your particular project type . For instance , if your class is designing a museum , the curator from a local museum might be on the panel .
If you 're prepared and have a well designed project , crits can be a great experience to have others give you constructive criticism on how to make your designs better . They will also help you understand the significance of good decisions you made . If you are ill prepared or have sloppy work , crits can be your worst nightmare .
[ Image Source : Architectural Association in London ]
Modeling
Not that kind . You 're not pretty enough for that anyway . Models are used for every studio project , whether they 're physical models or digital models . Digital modeling has improved leaps and bounds in the last 10 years , but it can not replace the act of building a physical model . Just like hand drawing , building a physical model for a design teaches more about it 's weight in the real world than a computer is capable of . Being able to hold a model in your hand and explore it 's proportions and spaces up close has a quality that is not replicatable on a computer . Since you will be building a lot of models , get used to deep cuts and using superglue as a quick fix . That way you can go get stitches after your crit in the morning . I still have scars on my hands from cuts received by building models in school .
The wood shop has been a fixture of architecture schools for years , but digital fabrication labs have started to become available at a lot of schools . In these labs , you 're able to take computer models and use either a laser cutter or CNC machine to make a physical model out of many different materials . Some schools are even equipped with 3D printers . They are able to “ print ” a model by layering plastic together . Very cool . I highly recommend taking advantage of these new technologies . They make much more complex modeling possible where it would have been very difficult with previous methods , plus they can save you a lot of time .
Speaking of technology and models , it does n't hurt to branch out to other colleges on your campus to see if you can use their equipment . The industrial design lab at my university had a much nicer shop and even gave us ( if you asked nicely ) some large scraps of high density foam , which is a very expensive material that 's great for modeling . It 's what industrial designers use to make all their mock-ups and models .
With everything becoming more digital and with the emergence of BIM , there is a lot of very expensive software out there that you will be expected to learn and use . You will have a computer lab that will have some of the software for you to use , but you might not have access all the time . You have to be able to work in the studio , at the library , at home , Starbucks , etc and you 'll probably need your own copy of whatever software you 're using . When you add up the cost of just the basics you 'll need , it might make your head explode . I 'm not going to condone pirating the software , but I will say that if you were to ask around a typical architecture studio , how much of the software has actually been purchased , it would probably be something like 5-10 % . Some companies do make student priced copies of their software , but they tend to put restrictions on them and they are still pretty darn expensive . Unfortunately for many students , the only way to afford the software is to pirate it .
When it comes to learning whatever your software of choice , you may be able to take a class either through the architecture program of another college . If classes are not available , your best resources are other students and the internet . Your peers may already have experience using the software and it 's really easy to get a mini-tutorial from them . YouTube is filled with video tutorials on every software imaginable . Sites like Lynda.com have extensive video tutorials for everything that you can access for a monthly fee .
Professors
Take advantage of your professors as a resource . They are all required to keep office hours so students can come and talk to them one on one . Creating a closer relationship with your professors will help you stay ahead of the curve in your classes . It can help create opportunities for you in school and when you graduate . One of my professors made it their duty to help their students find jobs across the country when they graduated . They have been around for a while and knows a LOT of architects . The more they knew about you , the better your chance of landing a great job right out of school . Another professor pushed me to learn a piece of software that turned into a few great projects , a thesis , co-writing multiple academic papers and a trip to Germany to present at an international conference .
Each professor is unique with a different background and specialty . If you 've honed in on something that really interests you , find the professor that has experience in that field and learn from them . You may even be able to get an assistant job helping them do research or write papers . It may not sound like fun , but having your name on academic papers can be a very good thing .
Congratulations ! You 've made it to the end . Be sure to leave your opinions in the comments and come back next week for part 2 .
Advertisements
Odds increasing that huge quake will hit California
Image 1 of / 237 Caption Close Odds increasing that huge quake will hit California 1 / 237 Back to Gallery
The chances are increasing that a major quake — far larger than Loma Prieta — will hit California within the next 30 years , while the odds are decreasing that somewhat smaller but still dangerous jolts will strike in the same period , the state 's leading earthquake scientists warned Tuesday .
The probability of a magnitude 8 or larger quakes in California , the experts said , has increased from 4.7 percent estimated in 2008 to 7 percent now .
One reason for the increased risk is that the scientists for the first time considered the probability that any two of the thousands of faults in California might rupture simultaneously in a “ multifault ” quake .
For example , there is now a real possibility that the Bay Area 's ever-dangerous Hayward and Calaveras faults , which have each ruptured separately in the past , could in the future rupture together , said Andrew Michael , a geophysicist at the U.S. Geological Survey in Menlo Park and one of the authors of the USGS report .
The findings resulted from the work of more than 100 seismic scientists who weighed the evidence from studies of more than 350 fault segments in the San Andreas system , which stretches from Humboldt County to the Mexican border , and applied massive new lines of evidence they had accumulated from past quakes since their last official forecast in 2008 .
The experts zeroed in on specific California regions where earthquakes pose the most dangers and assessed their probabilities for future damaging quakes .
In the Bay Area , the evidence shows that a quake with a magnitude of about 6 — the size of August 's Napa quake — is virtually certain to strike within the next 30 years , while the probability that an even larger one with a magnitude of roughly 6.7 is extremely high , or 72 percent , according to the report .
The forecast indicates that quakes with magnitudes equal to or greater than 5 or 6 are certain to strike somewhere in the Northern California region in the next 30 years ; a 95 percent certainty that another one roughly the size of 1989 's Loma Prieta — or magnitude 6.9 — will strike within the same period ; and 76 percent for a really large one with a magnitude of 7 .
As they looked at new evidence for connections between faults in the San Andreas zone , the scientists examined evidence for past movements along the Hayward and Rodgers Creek faults , whose northern and southern strands appear almost joined together beneath San Pablo Bay . Here , too , is an example of a “ multifault ” quake possibly striking in the future , they said .
David Perlman is The San Francisco Chronicle 's science editor . E-mail : dperlman @ sfchronicle.com
Notre Dame and Michigan have staged a wonderful rivalry , rich in storylines and filled with passion . What began as a tale of hate and prejudice evolved into a partnership of two schools that have lived out the fairy tale that American intercollegiate athletics tells us . Brains and brawn not only may coexist but they may thrive on the same campus .
The memories of great games will fade over time . Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
The rivalry , played nearly annually since 1978 and scheduled through 2031 , instead became a casualty of Notre Dame 's decision to pledge five games of its 12-game schedule to the Atlantic Coast Conference . Notre Dame bailed out of the rivalry for the three years after 2014 . The schools had scheduled a two-year break in 2018-19 . What happens after that , no one is prepared to say .
The Notre Dame-Michigan game will no longer signify the arrival of autumn , a task it has performed every September for a generation . The memory of Raghib Ismail 's two kickoff returns for touchdowns for the Irish in 1989 , or Wolverines kicker Remy Hamilton 's 42-yard game-winning field goal in 1994 , or the craziness of the final minute of last year 's game , will fade in importance .
If you are a college football fan who considers those memories to be manna from heaven , then the announcement by Notre Dame on Tuesday is a heartbreaker . But if you sit where Notre Dame athletic director Jack Swarbrick sits , you may understand why Michigan is expendable . Once you set aside tradition and passion , Michigan does n't offer Notre Dame anything that it ca n't get elsewhere .
Of course , tradition and passion are what separate college football from the other beasts in the American sports jungle . But Vegas will tell you that tradition and passion are two-touchdown underdogs to the athletic department balance sheet for a reason .
Of the remaining seven slots on the Notre Dame schedule , one will be filled by USC , Notre Dame 's most storied rival . They will play their 84th game this season . One will go to Stanford , and not at all because Swarbrick graduated from Stanford Law School . Notre Dame likes the affiliation with Stanford ( see brains , brawn ) and playing the Cardinal means that the Irish will play a football game in California every season .
Notre Dame also will not turn its back on Navy , which kept the school alive during World War II by placing a V-12 training program there . Notre Dame shows its gratitude by playing the Midshipmen in perpetuity ( and occasionally in Dublin ) .
Lindsey Vonn : ' I want to represent the US , not Trump ' at Winter Olympics
American skier Lindsey Vonn has become the latest athlete to speak out against Donald Trump .
The most decorated female skier of all time told CNN in an interview that aired Thursday that they want to “ represent the people of the United States , not the president ” and would turn down the invitation to the White House traditionally put forth to the entire US Olympic team .
Skier Lindsey Vonn makes bid to race against men in World Cup downhill Read more
“ I take the Olympics very seriously and what they mean and what they represent , what walking under our flag means in the opening ceremony , ” Vonn said . “ I want to represent our country well . I do n't think that there are a lot of people currently in our government that do that . ”
When asked if they would accept an invitation to the White House , Vonn was to the point : “ Absolutely not . Nope . I have to win to be invited so – no , actually I think every US team member is invited . So , no , I wo n't go . ”
Vonn , who turned 33 in October , is preparing for their first Winter Olympics since 2010 , when they vaulted to global stardom after capturing gold in the women 's downhill and bronze in the super-G . They missed the Sochi Games four years later while rehabilitating from knee surgery .
The Minnesota native has logged a record 77 career World Cup victories , more than any other woman and second overall to Sweden 's Ingemar Stenmark . They are a four-time overall World Cup champion and one of six women to have won World Cup races in all five disciplines of alpine skiing : downhill , super-G , giant slalom , slalom , and super combined .
Memo to Trump after their NFL rant : sport is , and always has been , political Read more
Vonn is not the first high-profile athlete to speak out against the Trump administration .
Trump launched a sensational attack on NFL players who have kneeled in protest of the national anthem during a speech in Alabama in September , challenging the league 's owners to release anyone who engages in the movement started last year by former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick . The fiery rhetoric prompted criticism from dozens of NFL players and even league commissioner Roger Goodell , who said “ divisive comments like [ Trump 's ] demonstrate an unfortunate lack of respect for the NFL . ”
That same week Stephen Curry , the two-time NBA Most Valuable Player who in June led the Golden State Warriors to second league title in three seasons , told reporters they supported a snub of the team 's traditional White House visit , earning a stern rebuke from Trump , who withdrew the invitation .
The Cleveland Cavaliers star forward LeBron James called the president a “ bum ” while the Buffalo Bills running back LeSean McCoy went further , calling Trump an “ asshole ” .
In the CNN interview , Vonn also responded to the IOC 's unprecedented decision to ban Russia 's Olympic Committee from the Winter Olympics , which kick off in Feburary .
“ If even a small percentage of that is true I would think the IOC did the right thing , ” they said . “ Obviously , there are potential athletes that are clean but they have the option now to compete under a neutral flag , which I think is a good solution .
“ But doping and what the Russians did is just not acceptable and we have to make that clear . And make sure that it does n't happen again . ”
Vonn 's final preparations for Pyeongchang hit a minor snag when they crashed out of last week 's season-opening downhill event in Lake Louise , Austria .
Well , my constituency has spoken : a majority of you in the past few days voted for me to try out My New Pink Button ( $ 29.95 , free shipping ) , the temporary genital dye as reported about on Jezebel and elsewhere . Well , guess what ? Just in time for a wild and crazy Friday night , it is delivered discreetly to my house .
For those of you not yet familiar with the product , My New Pink Button is there for us ladies who feel that their junk needs some pinkening up due to age , hormones , or ethnicity . I have not really thought about the color of my ladyparts , well , ever , and I have probably not done the Bodies , Ourselves hand mirror thing since before I had children . I feel that anyone who has an opinion about the color of my junkdrawer can take their disco sticks elsewhere , but I was curious about this product for the sake of SCIENCE .
The kit contains 20 of the cheapest eye shadow applicators you will ever see , the kind where the foam is kind of wonkily glued on to the plastic stem . Also included is a small vial of pink powder , helpfully labeled “ Marilyn. ” I chose this shade because I felt like my vagina could most identify with her : pill-popping , confused , and crammed into small garments . Someone else would have to be a Bettie or an “ Audry ” ( sic ? ) . My favorite part of the kit was the weeniest , most adorbs shot glass I have ever seen . Perhaps this was a hint that I should drink to steel myself for what was to come .
Next up : the instructions .
“ Occasionally a woman is self-conscious of their Labia since childhood . ”
The instructions say to sprinkle a little of what looks like Barbie blow into the shot glass , wet the applicator , and pick the powder up with the wet applicator .
An overpowering sweet smell rose out of the vial as I sprinkled the powder . The ingredients say it is made from about every fruit that has been trendy for the past ten years , and includes cinnamon . There is also an ominous warning in the instructions that “ for some , a slight ‘ irritating ' feeling may occur upon application and last for about a minute. ” An irritating feeling ? Like the cosmetics industry telling me I should be self-conscious about yet another body part ? Oh , wait , a different kind of irritating .
Myrrh is misspelled . Should I be concerned ? ? So is chamomile . Never mind , on with the rejuvenating of my drab baby cannon . I picked up some of the powder , which immediately bloomed with color . Oh dear . What was this , Lik-a-Vagina ?
I put the product on and let it sit as the instructions advised . Things were okay for a few seconds , and then…THE BURNING ! I have certainly felt worse , but it was very noticeable . The instructions assure me that this burning is “ due to the ingredients reacting to your bodies own PH balance which is normal and will go away upon rinsing off the colorant . ”
Rinse it off I did , and did I notice a difference ? I did not . I will confess to you I took before and after pictures for my own scrutiny . Well hello there my vulva . Long time , no see . Sorry about the burning sensation .
Since I am Irish and turn pretty white in the winter , I decided to do a patch test on my arm , where it did not burn , and I could view it up close to see the staining effect .
During the staining :
After the rinsing :
See that barely-perceptible color change ? Yeah . I had a hunch after the way it smelled and how it looked when wet , so I licked my arm before I rinsed it , and it tasted just like unsweetened Kool-Aid .
In summary , I would file this with magic creams that purport to take twenty years off : do n't bother . And do n't think so hard about your vulva , either . Just enjoy it , FFS .
ETA : Hello new visitors . I will be in and out throughout the day releasing new moderated comments . Once you comment once , you 're golden . Thanks for your patience and for the feedback already .
ETA again : Hooray , the Consumerist picked me up !
1/18 : Helloooo Jezebelles ! I am pleased to become part of my thrice daily reading . Someone mentioned “ Betty Beauty , ” the pubic hair dye in the comments there . I ‘ ve reviewed that as well .
On September 20 , How to Get Away with Murder 's Viola Davis became the first woman of color in herstory to win an Emmy for Outstanding Actress in a Drama . “ Let me tell you something : The only thing that separates women of color from anyone else is opportunity , ” they said in their impassioned acceptance speech . “ You can not win an Emmy for roles that are simply not there. ” Veteran comedian Whoopi Goldberg did n't quite understand what Davis was getting at .
“ I 'm not sure what it means , ” Goldberg recently told BET . “ Opportunity to do what ? ”
They continued :
“ The truth of the matter is there 's been plenty of opportunity . I mean , Scandal . Let 's just start with that . Kerry Washington is there and she 's working their booty off , okay ? But they did n't vote for them So , maybe the question is , ‘ What do you have to do to get voted on ? ' That 's the thing . ... It 's not that the opportunity is not there , because we 've had lots of opportunities . ”
Advertisement
Perhaps that 's true for Goldberg and if so , great ! We 're all entitled to our own experiences and it 's nice that they have n't felt like their options were limited because of their gender and race . But what 's true for them is n't true for other people . Factually , women of color have it harder than white women and men in the film industry . Couple hard data with Viola Davis ' experience and the recent focus on Project Greenlight 's Effie Brown and Davis ' truth becomes undeniable . Women of color have fewer opportunities .
[ R29 ]
BREAKING SNAKE NEWS .
Advertisement
Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky 's house is more infested with snakes than previously thought . [ E ! News ]
Jennifer Lawrence wrote an essay on the gender pay gap . [ Gossip Cop ]
wrote an essay on the gender pay gap . [ Gossip Cop ] Okay , fess up . Who keeps having sex with Hugh Grant ? [ NYDN ]
? [ NYDN ] Carey Mulligan and Marcus Mumford 's baby daughter is named ... Mumforf . JK , it 's Evelyn . [ Hello ! ]
and 's baby daughter is named ... Mumforf . JK , it 's Evelyn . [ Hello ! ] Bella Hadid wo n't keep comparing themselves to Gigi Hadid . [ People ]
wo n't keep comparing themselves to . [ People ] It will only cost you $ 566 to talk to Selena Gomez for a few seconds . [ ONTD ]
for a few seconds . [ ONTD ] Hayden Panettierre is getting treatment for postpartum depression . Take care of yourself , Hayden . [ US Weekly ]
is getting treatment for postpartum depression . Take care of yourself , Hayden . [ US Weekly ] Here 's Adam Levine 's bald head . Whatever . [ E ! News ]
Contact the author at madeleine @ jezebel.com .
Teenager jailed for 15 years after using Facebook to blackmail seven students into sex
Jailed : Anthony Stancl
An American teenager has been sentenced to 15 years in jail after posing as a girl on Facebook to blackmail seven classmates into sex .
Anthony Stancl , 19 , of Wisconsin , was accused of tricking more than 30 male classmates into sending them naked photos of themselves .
They then used the photos as blackmail , threatening to post them online unless the students had sex with him .
They forced at least seven of them into some sort of sexual activity with them in encounters that they documented with a mobile phone .
Up to 300 photographs of underage males , some as young as 15 , were found on Stancl 's computer , police said .
They had pleaded to two charges , including the repeated sexual assault of a child .
The investigation began after a 16-year-old boy told authorities they were being blackmailed into sex acts with Stancl .
The boy , then 15 , had exchanged explicit pictures of themselves online with 'Kayla , ' who later threatened to spread their picture throughout the school unless they agreed to the acts with Stancl .
Stancl photographed those encounters , giving them fodder for further blackmail , detectives said .
The boy agreed to at least four sex acts , but when 'Kayla ' asked them for a nude photo of their brother they went to their parents and the police .
Police identified 31 victims , each of whom exchanged nude photographs or videos with someone they thought was a female .
More than half said the person with whom they communicated threatened to release the images unless they agreed to let the person 's male friend perform sex acts on them .
The investigation overlapped with a separate case in which Stancl was accused of writing a bomb threat on a bathroom wall at the school in November 2008 .
They followed it up with an anonymous e-mail to two teachers that said , 'Good luck tomorrow . Boom . '
Stancl admitted to detectives they sent the e-mail from the public library under a false identity .
A charge of causing a bomb scare was among those dismissed as part of Stancl 's plea agreement .
Stancl showed no emotion yesterday as the sentence was handed down . They had faced up to 30 years in jail .
Earlier , they told the court that they now empathise with what their victims went through .
Few doctors understand their patients the way Muhammed Khan , MD , does . A rheumatologist at Case Western Reserve University 's MetroHealth Hospital , they treat patients with ankylosing spondylitis , or AS . They also live with an advanced case of the disease himself .
Ankylosing spondylitis is an inflammatory form of arthritis . The hallmark of the disease is the bony growths found between the vertebrae . They cause the spine to stiffen by degrees . There are treatments to slow the progression of the disease , but there is no cure .
Most of Dr. Khan 's patients have better mobility than they do . They have struggled with a particularly severe form of ankylosing spondylitis for more than 50 years .
“ I have absolutely no mobility of my spine , including the neck , ” Khan says . “ I ca n't even nod my head . If I have to nod my head while standing , I have to bend my hip joints . ”
They ca n't bend over to tie their shoes or turn their head to look over their shoulder . They have almost no ability to expand their chest , so “ when I breathe , I breathe through the diaphragm , ” they say .
But their condition allows them to offer advice and guidance to their patients that goes beyond medicine . They know the patient they are seeing on this day can not turn their head far enough to see if there 's anyone in their blind spot when he 's driving . Have they bought a wide-view mirror yet ? No ? They need to , and if they do n't , Khan will lend them their own .
Khan first started to feel pain in the back and hips when they were 12 and living in their native Pakistan . They told doctors it felt worse when they were still than when they were active , and worst of all at night . But the orthopedists they consulted did not recognize the illness .
When they started to experience chest pain ( because their spine could no longer tolerate the movement of a deep breath ) doctors treated them for tuberculosis . When that proved ineffective , they started a year of intravenous infusions of imported honey , which was then believed to have medicinal value .
“ It did n't have any effect on my illness , but I am ever so sweet , ” Khan jokes . “ The honey must still be running in my veins . ”
It was n't until they began their medical studies that Khan found a rheumatologist who gave them the correct diagnosis . Once they were being properly treated , their condition stabilized . They offer the same promise to their own patients .
Medication can stop the inflammation , but patients still need to work to keep their mobility . “ Sleeping on a firm bed , not smoking at all , doing deep breathing exercises , swimming is an ideal exercise , and avoiding contact sports , ” Khan says . “ All these things are important because once you control inflammation you have to maintain normal posture as best as one can . ”
Of course , the earlier the diagnosis , the earlier a patient can stop the progression of the disease , so awareness of AS it is essential .
Khan has written two books on ankylosing spondylitis , one for doctors and one for patients . They also designed a patient education website named after the HLA-B27 gene closely associated with the illness .
For people with ankylosing spondylitis , late diagnosis means lost mobility , so Khan finds real purpose in their mission to educate others . Despite their own infirmity , Khan travels the globe to help medical professionals learn to recognize the symptoms of AS .
“ I have been to all the continents and every country in Europe , ” they say , “ though it 's not easy for me these days to travel . ”
The Hero World Challenge golf tournament is this this week , and it 's hosted by Tiger Woods—though Woods is n't playing , as a series of injuries limited them to just 11 starts on tour this year , culminating in a pair of back surgeries early this fall . When will Woods be back ? Will Woods be back ? Speaking at the tournament today , Woods sounded more fatalistic than we 've ever heard him .
The Golf Channel 's Tiger Tracker livetweeted Woods 's presser , and , honestly , the 400th-ranked player in the world does n't sound in a good place golfwise .
Advertisement
Advertisement
There 's an optimistic way to read all this , if you 're so inclined , especially that penultimate quote about playing with house money from here on out . For years now , Woods has been bullishly/mulishly upbeat about their chance to regain their form , in the face of all of the results , the aging process , and common sense . It was depressing to watch them throw on red on Sundays , talk about catching Jack Nicklaus , and swear that they were just some work on their swing away from recapturing prime Tiger .
Now ? Maybe he 's come to terms with the fact that he 's functionally done as a threat , and can just enjoy playing golf , and maybe even challenging for a win on occasion . That sounds a lot more gratifying than pretending time does n't run inexorably forward until our inevitable deaths .
Valve recently sent out their prototype Steam Machines to a select few lucky Steam users . As can only be expected by PC enthusiasts , the first thing some of those testers did was go digging inside their new toy . Some even went as far as filming the whole experience , putting it online for other PC enthusiasts to salivate over . Sit down and get ready for some exquisitely managed cables and finely moulded plastic .
Was it everything you hoped it would be ?
While the Steam Machines are n't due to go on sale until next year , the beta release of SteamOS does open up the possibility of building your own . Despite that , it 's probably best to wait . Valve suggest that , at this stage , SteamOS is only of interest to the `` intrepid Linux hacker '' .
A Philadelphia fifth-grader was searched and reprimanded by school officials after bringing a piece of paper that resembled a gun to school .
Last week , Melody Valentin found a paper gun their grandfather had made buried in their pocket . When they went to throw it away , a fellow classmate saw and alerted school officials who then scolded and searched her , according to Fox 29 Philly . Other students began calling them a `` murderer . ''
Valentin says one administrator went overboard while handling the situation .
`` He yelled at me and said I should n't have brought the gun to school and I kept telling them it was a paper gun but they would n't listen , '' Valentin told Fox 29 . This official also allegedly told the young girl they could be arrested .
Valentin 's mother is keeping them out of school to avoid the harassment .
Tensions have run high in schools across the nation in the wake of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting last month .
A 5-year-old was suspended Jan. 10 from their Mount Carmel , Penn. , school after they allegedly said they would shoot a classmate and themselves with their Hello Kitty bubble gun . The school deemed them a `` terror threat . ''
The girl 's parents attempted to fight the suspension . “ This logic , which was not said in malice , came from the mind of this beautiful 5-year-old child who was playing with their friends , whom they hug every day , ” the family 's attorney told the Daily Item . “ And this shows how hysterical people who work at schools have become since Sandy Hook . ”
The fiancée of Chris Stevens , the U.S. ambassador to Libya who was murdered in the 2012 Benghazi attack , is speaking out about their death—and the cover-up that followed .
Lydie Denier appeared on Rick Amato 's “ Amato Talk ” with Will Craddick , founder of DisobedientMedia.com , to discuss the controversial lawsuit against the Democratic National Committee , in which “ one witness has died and another potential witness was murdered . ”
As The Free Thought Project has extensively reported , influential donors to the DNC are suing their political party for fraud in the 2016 presidential election where they say their candidate , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , was discriminated against . High-ranking members of the DNC , by way of WikiLeaks ' DNC email publications , were caught favoring Hillary Clinton over Sanders and actively working to subvert their chances at winning the party 's nomination .
Several individuals close to the lawsuit have turned up dead , and many more plaintiffs have filed grievances with the court , asking for special protection under the law . They point to threats , intimidation and breaking and entering of their homes as proof the defendants will go out of their way to make sure that the lawsuit does not proceed .
Now , as those of us in the alternative media are pointing out , there has been a corporate media blackout of this information .
“ The DNC did actually violate their own by-laws , which state that they are supposed to choose the candidate in an impartial manner , even though they 've actually turned around and argued in court that they 're actually not required to do that , ” Craddick stated with incredulity .
Craddick referred to the current issues within the DNC as a “ Pandora 's box ” that has resulted from officials working to keep information from being leaked to the public . “ There 's going to be a whole bunch of other issues that are uncovered as well—foreign influence in American politics , espionage , things of that nature , ” they said .
Amato intimated all of the asupervisorstioned issues had something to do with the Benghazi Attack , which resulted in Stevens 's death . Their fiancée agreed .
“ I got lots of emails from people saying , ‘ There were 47 deaths that the Clintons are involved with . Be careful not to become number 48 , ' ” Denier said . “ Definitely , when you start telling the truth and you start to uncover … you have to be so careful . ”
In the same way that the attempts to suppress the truth have been used on the DNC lawsuit , Denier said that method was used in the aftermath of the Benghazi Attack . From rumors that the attack stemmed from anti-Islamic propaganda on YouTube to rumors that Stevens was sent to die , Denier said they were all false .
“ They said it was Chris 's fault that they died because they did n't want security , when in reality , within six weeks , they asked over 600 times for more security , ” Denier said . “ And then they died , and it 's like nothing happened . ”
“ Do n't believe them , no , do n't believe them ! ” Denier said , in reference to the mainstream media 's narrative . The would-be-widow wrote a book entitled , A Voice for Ambassador Christopher J. Stevens , where they go into much more detail about their late fiancée 's death
Questions remain as to whether full transparency in the deaths of Stevens , Seth Rich and others who have died in relation to the Clintons will ever come to light . Were they killed in an attempt to cover up an entire political party 's misdeeds ?
Were they , as Denier alleges , more Clinton bodies ? These questions and more have yet to be answered , highlighting the importance of a lawsuit against the DNC that has the hope of bringing answers to the questions grieving loved ones are asking .
As for Stevens 's fiancée , they appear convinced the Clintons had something to do with their death , and they are not staying silent . ( For more from the author of “ Corporate Media Continues Blackout of DNC Lawsuit Even as 2 More Witnesses Die ” please click HERE )
Follow Joe Miller on Twitter HERE and Facebook HERE .
Taking a genre and riffing on it is Plants Vs Zombies ' thing . Originally growing out from the tower defense genre , this game about a desperate flower resisting an onslaught from marauding zombies later shambled into the class-based squad shooter in the form of Garden Warfare . Both games balanced easy appeal to genre fans with lots of their own ideas , bound together with that gleefully eccentric cartoon style .
PvZ 's most recent target is the collectible card game ( CCG ) . PvZ Heroes was released worldwide for Android and iOS in October last year , another tight yet deep game that takes the deck-building strategy of the likes of Hearthstone and Magic : The Gathering and confidently pulls it into PvZ 's world to once again make something new .
What gives it that sense of newness ? Well , it 's something that plays directly to what PvZ is all about . “ The brand is literally called plants versus zombies , ” creative director Devin Low tells me . “ So right in the name is A versus B , and they 're very different from each other. ” In Plants Vs Zombies and its sequel , the offensive zombies call the challenge by arriving down a certain lane , and it 's the defensive plants ' role to answer it by firing at or blocking them . And Low 's response in turn was to design a game that 's entirely founded on that asymmetry .
He 's no stranger to CCG design . After graduating from their Masters in computer science they got a job at Wizards of the Coast and between 2003 and 2008 was head developer of Magic : The Gathering . They lead expansions including Shards of Alara and Planar Chaos , and after they left designed Marvel 's Super Hero Squad trading card game .
`` Plants vs Zombies has a huge stable of awesome characters that have different power levels and different rarities that are a nice building block for this kind of game ''
So he 's pretty familiar with the territory , and , having joined PopCap to work on another game , they naturally found themselves wondering what a PvZ CCG might look like . Over evenings and weekends they began to design one on paper , knowing PvZ was fertile ground for CCGs ' specific needs . “ It has a huge stable of awesome characters that have different power levels and different rarities that are a nice building block for this kind of game , ” they say .
They began to think about how to reflect PvZ 's core nature and the flow of the original game , where you hear a groan and start to wonder which lane the first zombie is going come lumbering down . “ That threat-response thing they have and about asymmetry in the turn structure that would allow the zombies to say , ‘ I 've got a threat , can you answer it ? ' And then for the plants to say , ‘ OK , you 've played something , now it 's my chance to play something in response . ' ”
So they translated the CCG turn structure into having the zombie playing first , spending points on casting cards from their hand into lanes on the table . Then the plants counter them by casting their cards into the lanes . At first , to maintain the mystery of that off-screen groan and also prevent the plants from always being able to counter the zombies ' plays , Low had it so the zombie 's card would remain face-down , represented as a gravestone , until the round 's end when the results of both player 's cards would be resolved .
“ Now , that part did n't play super well at the time because when every zombie played face-down the plants did n't feel strategic , ” Low says . And yet , if the zombies played face-up , they always had , as Low puts it , “ to dumbly play first ” . Then , still designing on paper , Low came up with the intuitively strange but smart-in-practice solution that makes PvZ Heroes ' asymmetry work so well .
Players do n't only hold cards that become zombies and plants . They also have one-time effect cards which can buff and heal their side and sunder their opponents ' . Low 's idea was a three-part turn structure where the zombies play their zombie cards , then the plants play their plants and one-time effect cards , and then , in the final phase , the zombies get to play their one-time effect cards , given a nice thematic nudge for players by being named ‘ tricks ' .
`` The asymmetry is something you feel , it 's not a subtle thing , it 's pretty aggressive how different the sides are . ''
It worked great . “ Both of them feel they have the last word , that they have the advantage , ” Low says . Playing side feels like being on constant a knife-edge between success and disaster , a sense Low describes as “ the keening ache ” .As a plant you 'll often end your turn knowing the tricksy zombies still have resources to potentially spend on tricks if they have them in their hand .
“ You do n't know what it 's going to be but you know it 's going to crush you , and you 're just like , ‘ Argh , it sucks being a plant ! ” And the zombie sometimes , you 're playing in the first phase and you 're , ‘ Oh God , it sucks being a zombie , the plants are just going to crush me . I 'm just going to have to suck this up and make it work . ' The asymmetry is something you feel , it 's not a subtle thing , it 's pretty aggressive how different the sides are . ”
This asymmetric turn design affected the design of the cards closely . One way is in the zombie cards requiring a decent chance to survive their round because the plants can counter them . “ So you 've got to have a big health , or gravestone to hide what it is , or some other defensive way to survive , whereas on the plants ' side , they have a decent shot to survive , ” says Low .
They point to Sunflowers , a one-health plant which does no damage but next turn will generate sun , the resource plants spend on casting cards . Since plants play second they have a certain degree of assurance it 'll survive the round and reap its benefits . If the zombies had Sunflower , it 'd be easy pickings for the plants , so instead they have Flag Zombie , a Sunflower equivalent with more health and an attack .
The zombies have this cruel , negative , evil flavor , while the plants are like , ‘ Oh , who , me ? I 'm just sitting here . It 's your fault for hitting me . '
Flag Zombie reflects an early design principle that Low imposed on himself . Spending the first 18 months of the two and a half-year project as its only designer , they were determined to avoid duplicating cards between the two sides . When cards needed a similar function on either side , he 'd find a way of expressing the same idea differently , so instead of generating brains , the zombies ' casting resource , Flag Zombie reduces costs .
Similarly , some zombies have the ‘ deadly ' ability , which kills any plant that they damage , no matter the plant 's health . The flipside to this ability is the Briar Rose plant , which kills anything that damages it . “ That matches the flavor of a rose having a thorn , so you only get hurt if you touch it , ” says Low , explaining how the relationship expresses the thematic nature of the zombies versus the plants . “ The zombies have this cruel , negative , evil flavor , while the plants are like , ‘ Oh , who , me ? I 'm just sitting here . It 's your fault for hitting me . ' ”
Right now there are about 400 cards in PvZ Heroes , their numbers swelled by weekly new additions , divided into five classes for each side . Low used a common CCG design strategy to create mechanical identities for each class , where all the available mechanics for the game are put into a pie chart , clearly dividing them up into slices , such as damage-dealing and high defense . Each class then gets cards that focus on specific slices of the pie .
“ It would be really bad if all your opponents could heal , draw extra cards , destroy your stuff , cause high damage , play fast guys , giant guys , ” says Low . “ It would be the same game over and over again . What CCGs have learned to do over time is to have every deck be good at a couple of different mechanics and unable to do others , so every time you face a new class it 'll throw completely different stuff at you. “
The challenge of designing this system and all its individual cards , while also fitting them into PvZ 's ethos seems huge , but it 's what Low loves . “ It 's a really fun thought exercise to think , here is the Cabbage-pult , what was the role it played in Plants Vs Zombies ? OK , it was good on the roof , so in this game it 's going to get a buff if you play it on the roof . What does Ra Zombie do ? It 's this hierophant priest with a staff with the sun icon on it , and it pulls plants ' sun into it . So great , they can drain the plants ' sun resource and we can give the zombies the ability to play more stuff . A lot of the plants and zombies cry out to be interpreted as CCG cards . At least , they do to me . ”
`` The most recent data I 've seen is that the balance across the board is 49.8 % to 50.2 % of players of equal rank , which is shockingly , shockingly similar . ''
And they are n't afraid to introduce massively powerful cards . Take the zombies ' Gargantuars ' Feast trick , which places three randomly chosen Gargantuars in random lanes , but it 's balanced by its 12-brain resource cost , meaning the match has to last at least 12 turns for it to be playable , which is by no means guaranteed .
“ On the other end of the spectrum it 's important to have a lot of one-cost tricks on the zombies ' side so the plants can never be sure the zombies do n't have a trick up their sleeves , ” says Low . “ When the plants are too confident , too often the tension can drain out , so to keep the tension high it 's important that when the plants play something , they think there 's a chance it can go wrong . ”
That moment exemplifies PvZ Heroes , a game in which neither side plays the same , from cards to the turn structure . And despite the disparity it 's turned out to be finely balanced . “ The most recent data I 've seen is that the balance across the board is 49.8 % to 50.2 % of players of equal rank , which is shockingly , shockingly similar , ” says Low , who seems rather bemused by achieving it with such an asymmetrical game . “ I never dreamed we 'd get that close , and I 'm grateful that we did . ”
Getty Images
Running back Matt Jones has not taken part in Organized Team Activities this offseason after reportedly being told by members of the Redskins coaching staff that he 's not in the team 's plans for the 2017 season .
Given previous word that the team was shopping Jones in a trade and a depth chart that features Rob Kelley , Chris Thompson and rookie Samaje Perine , that did n't qualify as a particularly shocking revelation . It 's not one that head coach Jay Gruden is willing to sign onto at this point , however .
Gruden was asked on Wednesday if they expected Jones to return to the team and they lumped them in with other players who are n't at OTAs while definitely remaining in the team 's plans .
“ I hope so , ” Gruden said in comments distributed by the team . “ I expect them to be . He 's on our roster , he 's eating up a spot . We all know that this is voluntary , so there 's really nothing that we can do . We 'd like everybody to be here without a doubt , but at the end of the day , Jordan Reed is in Miami working out , Trent [ Williams ] is working out in Oklahoma , Matt Jones chose not to be here , so we obviously want people to work together and learn together , but it is voluntary at the end of the day . ”
The state of the depth chart and their spot on the inactive list for the second half of last season makes it easy to believe that Jones would prefer to be elsewhere , but there 's no pressure for the team to make a move now and the possibility of an injury to another back gives little impetus for them to rush a departure .
Most of you are aware of the current feminist bitch fit being pitched by David Futrelle . They started out by threatening the director of an upcoming documentary on the Men 's Human Rights Movement . Paul Elam and I wrote a response article calling out these threats . David fired back with an article calling Paul and myself liars .
On the heels of that article , David wrote a third article making good on the threats from their first article . Paul then wrote a solo article calling David out for following through with the threats that David says they did n't make .
During all this a new Twitter account was created , quite reasonably assumed to be one of David Futrelle 's cult followers . This Twitter account contained my name and an image of my family .
There were five tweets posted by this account . The first gave out my home address and home phone number . Another tweet mentioned my daughter by name . Still another tweet demanded that I apologize to David for lying about them or more of my family 's private information would be leaked to the public .
I waited until now to inform you all of this , that is , until I could get home and see to my family 's safety and security . All of my family and friends will be notified via this article as to what has occurred . AVFM family and friends , say hello to my blood kin and non AVFM friends .
Since I live in a state with more guns than people , where a side arm is as common as a cell phone and where it is legal for 10yr olds to hunt with high powered rifles and without adult supervision , I 'd say my family is now safer than the president .
At this time I would like to take a moment to thank all of you who have supported me through this . Believe it or not there were several feminists who hate my guts who condemned this doxxing of my family and worked to get the offending account shut down . A special thank-you goes out to them as well .
I watched an old movie once , the name of which I can not recall , about the civil war . One scene in that movie showed two soldiers , one Confederate and one Union , who happened upon each other while out alone . One soldier had some tobacco while the other had coffee . They shared each with the other . Nothing much was said . Then they turned and went their separate ways . It was a display of humanity in the middle of dehumanizing hell . That 's kind of the way I feel about those feminists sticking up for my family . Thank you all again .
Now , there was one person who has remained eerily silent about all this . That person is David Futrelle . Seems odd since all of this doxxing was done to avenge him . There is not a peep from Futrelle about this on their site or on social media anywhere that I could find . As a parent I know my kid is up to no good when they are quiet . Wonder if the same goes for adults ( assuming the word applies ) ?
Futrelle has spent years painting a threat narrative around the MHRM . They do so by twisting statements made by MHRAs to fit their narrative . They take articles calling out feminists for their bigotry and violence and uses them to convince their followers that we hate women . They use articles expressing the idea that men should be able to defend themselves from a violent attack by a woman as examples that we want the unprovoked beating of women to be made legal . They take articles calling out kangaroo courts on college campuses as evidence that we want the rape of women to be legal . They take our comments about mass shootings , for example , ‘ this is what happens when society ignores men 's mental health and when society chooses to ignore the pain and suffering of men ' and uses them as examples to convince their readers that we want to see women killed .
David is n't dumb . They are a very smart liar . They lead their audience up to the edge and encourages them to drink the cool-aid . Drink it they do . They use them to pad their pockets by working them into a fearful frenzy with hyperbole , half truths and outright lies .
It is a strategy that wo n't play forever .
David once had a lot of sway with the MSM . That influence appears to be waning . The ABC 20/20 debacle was the turning point . Researchers at that ‘ news ' organization used Futrelle as their only source and ran with it . Only to be made out to be fools , when the truth came to light . As a result of this most Main Stream Media publications shy away from Futrelle like they had fresh track marks .
So far , all of their efforts to mount a media attack on Cassie Jaye have resulted in one , impotent hit piece from a low level publication .
David Futrelle 's once strong connections to the MSM were never a real threat to us . In fact it was the reverse . Every time the MSM posted a hit piece on the MHRM , more and more men and women wanting to see the “ den of misogyny ” would stop by this and other websites to take a look . Many of them figured out that the MSM had lied to them and became supporters . Futrelle has actually been a big help to the MHRM .
But times have changed . The MSM attacks on AVFM have dropped . Now many formerly hostile outlets are publishing articles making the same arguments that MHRA 's have been making for years . Sensing an end to the feminist narrative and thus the end of their gravy train of cult followers , David has dialed up the fear mongering to create even more hysteria in order to keep the dollars , pounds , francs , deutschmarks and rubles flowing in .
I call their followers ‘ cult members ' because that is exactly what they are . They are no different than a religious cult . They believe their prophet without question . As history shows us , cults usually become more violent and more dangerous as they near their end . That is what is happening now . For years Futrelle has been little more than nuisance and most often a source of amusement . That has now changed .
A close friend of mine recently commented that terrorists are stupid . I replied that the ones who strap bombs to their chests are stupid . But the leader is smart . They fill the minds of fools with their rhetoric and sends them off on suicide missions for their cause while they sit safely at home .
Now Futrelle sits safely behind their computer with what they think is complete deniability while their followers place innocent people including children in harm 's way for their cause . Futrelle does n't command these people like a terrorist mastermind . They just lights the fuse and lets the rest happen . They have remained silent about what happened to my family . They have pretended like it did n't happen . They think they have deniability . They do n't .
Right now every single MHRA , their family and friends are in danger . The cultists believe what David has told them . They believe that if we are successful , then women will be enslaved , raped and slaughtered en mass .
Yes , they actually believe that shit .
I recently witnessed a conversation between two feminists stating that Cassie Jaye put themselves in mortal danger by sitting in the same room with Paul Elam . They talked about how , in the trailer for their documentary , they were sitting on a couch close to Paul with their legs under them and their shoes off . They talked about how dangerous that was and how they should have been ready to run at a moment 's notice .
While these are the same people who condemned the person who doxxed me , I was shocked at the fact they actually believe that Paul is a monster . I thought it was all just rhetoric designed to poison the well . I was wrong .
This level of indoctrination and hysteria can only lead the most extreme followers of Futrelle to believe that any and all action is justified and collateral damage is acceptable . How do I know this ? This sort of thing has played out in history many times before and has always followed the same pattern . Plus , unlike David 's fictitious threat narratives that they apply to the MHRM , we now have an example of Futrelle 's followers endangering the lives of innocent people to serve Futrelle 's interests . Remember that this little prick who doxxed my family did n't demand that I apologize to feminism . They demanded that I apologize to Futrelle .
And on that note , here is the apology that was demanded under threat of releasing more private information .
David as I said earlier , you have created a completely unwarranted climate of fear around the MHRM for the sole purpose of padding your pockets and to destroy a movement that triggers your misogynistic need to appease women rather than treat them as fully capable adults . What has resulted , as was inevitable , is that one of your cult members has drunk the cool-aid and now feels that any action against MHRAs is justifiable including endangering the safety and well-being of innocent people such as my family . I hold you personally responsible for this occurring .
I consider the doxxing of my wife and daughter and the doxxing of me to be two separate issues . The doxxing of me has done one thing and one thing only . It 's has royally pissed me off . You think Paul Elam has been a thorn in your side ? Ha ! Paul is the guru of FTSU but I 'm a junkyard dog with no owner and no collar . He , as a public figure of the MHRM , has a reputation to think about . I do n't .
Did n't anyone ever tell you that you should n't piss off a redheaded country boy from the backwoods of Tennessee ? I promise you David that for the rest of your life there will be nights you cry yourself to sleep in anger and frustration over me . I 'm simply going to keep doing what I 've been doing ; but I 'm going to do more of it and do it better . I 'm going to destroy the ideology of feminism . I 'm going to burn it to the ground . I 'm going make chili out of the ashes ; then shit all over on Andea D'workins fucking grave . All the while making sure that you are aware of it all .
There is the apology that little snake wanted for you – Futrelle . I hope you like it .
Associated Data Supplementary Materials Supplementary figures mmc1.docx ( 616K ) GUID : 3199522C-8EC9-4254-8EF4-90AE3CC207CF
Abstract Zika virus ( ZIKV ) has become a global public health emergency due to its rapidly expanding range and its ability to cause severe congenital defects such as microcephaly . However , there are no FDA-approved therapies or vaccines against ZIKV infection . Through our screening of viral entry inhibitors , we found that chloroquine ( CQ ) , a commonly used antimalarial and a FDA-approved drug that has also been repurposed against other pathogens , could significantly inhibit ZIKV infection in vitro , by blocking virus internalization . We also demonstrated that CQ attenuates ZIKV-associated morbidity and mortality in mice . Finally , we proved that CQ protects fetal mice from microcephaly caused by ZIKV infection . Our methodology of focusing on previously identified antivirals in screens for effectiveness against ZIKV proved to be a rapid and efficient means of discovering new ZIKV therapeutics . Selecting drugs that were previously FDA-approved , such as CQ , also improves the likelihood that they may more quickly reach stages of clinical testing and use by the public . Keywords : FDA-approved drug , Chloroquine , ZIKV entry , Microcephaly , Antiviral effects
4 . Discussion Recently , Xu et al . performed a screen of ~ 6000 compounds approved or under investigation by the FDA , and found that ~ 3 % ( 173/6096 ) could suppress ZIKV infection in neural cells ( Xu et al. , 2016 ) . Similarly , Barrows et al . tested 700 FDA-approved drugs and found that 20 ( ~ 3 % ) had inhibitory effects on ZIKV replication in vitro ( Barrows et al. , 2016 ; Xu et al. , 2016 ) . However , in vivo testing of these drugs has not yet to be performed . We chose to begin our screening with EBOV inhibitors , which yielded a much higher percentage of promising ZIKV therapeutics ( ~ 31 % , 5/16 ) . Recently , Bullard-Feibelman et al . reported that the FDA-approved anti-hepatitis C drug sofobuvir can also inhibit ZIKV infection in vitro and in vivo ( Bullard-Feibelman et al. , 2017 ) . However , its ability to prevent ZIKV-associated microcephaly remains unclear , and the drug is also very expensive . CQ is a widely used anti-malarial drug , and was found to have no toxic effects in pregnant women or their infants . Previously , there were two clinical trials to investigate the antiviral effects of CQ on DENV infection ( Borges et al. , 2013 ; Tricou et al. , 2010 ) . Patients were given CQ for 3 days beginning 72 h after infection by DENV in both trials . The results showed that CQ did not reduce the duration of viral infection , but could reduce the chance of dengue hemorrhagic fever ( Tricou et al. , 2010 ) , as well as decrease patients ' perceived intensity of pain and improve their daily activity performance ( Borges et al. , 2013 ) . Our results demonstrated that CQ can prevent ZIKV-induced mortality in suckling mice when administrated soon after infection ( 0 or 12 hpi ) , but it has no antiviral effect when administrated at 24 hpi ( D ) . Together , these findings provide valuable information for setting up future clinical trials using CQ against ZIKV infection . In addition , the widespread availability of CQ , as well as its safety profile in pregnancy , are important benefits for its global distribution . Through RNASeq , we detected the induction of multiple cytokines in the embryonic brain upon ZIKV infection , and suggest that this strong immune response is likely to play an important role in the neuronal cell death that leads to microcephaly ( Li et al. , 2016 ) . CQ may be protecting mice from these ZIKV-induced inflammatory changes at a critical stage in their brain development , although this would need to be further investigated . We also have noticed that it should be investigated more extensively before using CQ as for possible ZIKV therapy in humans . Our methodology of restricting screens for ZIKV therapeutics to FDA-approved EBOV-inhibitors was both efficient and more likely to allow promising candidates , like CQ , to quickly reach clinical trials . Such a strategy is important to rapidly bring to market therapeutics which could help prevent or relieve symptoms of ZIKV infection , and should also be considered for other emerging infections in the future .
Conflicts of Interests The funding providers have no roles in performing experiments , writing of the manuscript or the decision to submit it for publication . The authors confirm that there are no known conflicts of interest associated with this publication .
Author Contributions G.C. , Z.X . C.-F.Q and F.X.Q jointly directed the research . C.L . and X.Z . designed and performed the experiments , analyzed the data and wrote the first draft of the manuscript . X.J . helped perform mice related experiments . N.Q. , Y.-Q.D. , M.T. , R.A. , X.Z. , L.Y. , S.K.A. , X.-F.L , J.U.J and K.N.S helped to perform experiments , revise the manuscript or contributed reagents .
Acknowledgments This work was supported by MOST ( China , 2016YFD0500304 ) and the State Key Laboratory of Pathogen and Biosecurity ( SKLPBS1601 ) , the NSFC Excellent Young Scientist ( 81522025 ) , the Innovative Research Group ( 81621005 ) , and the Newton Advanced Fellowship from the UK Academy of Medical Sciences ( 81661130162 ) to C-F.Q. , the CAMS Initiative for Innovative Medicine ( No . 2016-I2M-1-005 ) , NSFC ( China , 91542201 , 81590765 ) , NIH R01 AI069120 , AI056154 and AI078389 502 grants , the NSFC of China ( 31670883 ) to G.C. , and PUMC Youth Fund ( No . 3332016125 ) and NSFC ( No . 31500145 ) to C.L. , NSFC ( 31430037 ) , Shanghai brain-intelligence project from STCSM ( 16JC1420500 ) , Beijing Brain Project ( Z161100002616004 ) and MOST ( 2014CB942801 and 2012YQ03026006 ) to Z.X . National Science and Technology Major Project for “ Significant New Drugs Innovation and Development ” ( 2015ZX09102023 ) to G.C . and F.X-F.Q . We thank all members in our team for help discussions .
Footnotes Appendix ASupplementary data to this article can be found online at https : //doi.org/10.1016/j.ebiom.2017.09.034 .
Appendix A . Supplementary data Supplementary figures Click here to view . ( 616K , docx ) Image 1 Image 1
This article is about the movie . For other uses , see Fearless ( disambiguation )
Fearless , also known as Huo Yuanjia ( 霍元甲 ) in Chinese , and as Jet Li 's Fearless in the United Kingdom and in the United States , is a 2006 Chinese-Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Ronny Yu and starring Jet Li . It is loosely based on the life of Huo Yuanjia , a Chinese martial artist who challenged foreign fighters in highly publicized events , restoring pride and nationalism to China at a time when Western imperialism and Japanese manipulation were eroding the country in the final years of the Qing Dynasty before the birth of the Republic of China . Li stated in an interview that the film was their last wushu martial arts epic , a point also made in the film 's television promotions and other publicity . [ citation needed ]
Fearless was released on 26 January 2006 in Hong Kong , on 23 June 2006 in the United Kingdom , and on 22 September 2006 in the United States . [ 3 ]
Plot [ edit ]
The movie begins with Huo Yuanjia fighting and defeating three Westerners : a British boxer , a Belgian lancer , and a Spanish fencer . While waiting for the fourth match to begin , Huo remembers their father Huo Endi teaching martial arts . The story is then told in an extended flashback . Watching their father fight , the young Yuanjia wants to participate , but their father is concerned about their asthma . Yuanjia sees their father in a match with Zhao , who dishonorably won by retaliating when Huo Endi held back a fatal blow . Humiliated by their father 's defeat , Huo Yuanjia vows to regain the Huo family 's honor and pride . They practice martial arts behind their father 's back . As time goes by , Huo Yuanjia defeats several opponents ( including Zhao 's son ) and becomes a famous martial artist in Tianjin . As they become successful , they grow arrogant and ruthless towards their opponents , unlike their late father who advocated showing mercy to opponents . This also lead 's to Huo gaining many followers and getting themselves into financial trouble by spending their families money on drinking and partying .
When a rival martial arts master named Qin Lei injures one of their followers , Huo feels insulted and confronts Qin on their birthday , at a restaurant owned by Huo 's childhood friend , Nong Jinsun . Failing to dissuade their friend from fighting and fed up with their ruthless behavior , Jinsun ends their friendship with Huo . The confrontation escalates into a fight that ends with Qin 's death . Qin 's godson seeks vengeance and kills Huo 's mother and daughter . Huo goes to Qin 's house , where Qin 's godson admits to the murders before killing himself . Huo learns that it was their follower who had insulted and provoked Qin , which caused Qin to beat him .
Wracked with guilt , Huo flees Tianjin and wanders aimlessly for months . They nearly drown in a river but is saved by Granny Sun and their blind granddaughter , Yueci . They bring them back to their village . Guided by their kindness , Huo begins to learn the value of compassion and mercy .
In 1907 , Huo returns to Tianjin and sees the changes that have taken place . They apologize to Qin 's family and reconciles with Jinsun , now a business person . They challenge the American wrestler , Hercules O'Brien . Prior to the match , Huo requests that they and Hercules fight with honor and civility . Taking advantage of the language barrier , the Announcer deliberately mistranslates Huo 's request to `` He wants to kick your butt '' . During their match , Huo saves O'Brien from being impaled on some nails and wins their gratitude . The match ends with O'Brien happily naming Huo the victor . Huo 's fame spreads with successive bouts against other foreign fighters . In 1909 , with funding from Jinsun , they found Chin Woo Athletic Association in Shanghai .
The members of the foreign chamber of commerce fear that Huo 's victories might fan anti-foreign sentiments among the Chinese people , thus becoming a disadvantage to them . They propose a match between Huo and four foreign champions . Huo takes up the challenge , even though they will have to fight four bouts in a row . Before the matches , Huo meets the Japanese champion Tanaka for tea and strikes up a friendship .
The film then returns to the competition shown in the opening scenes . On September 14 , 1910 , Huo faces Tanaka after defeating the European challengers . In the first round , they fight with their weapons of choice . Huo uses a sanjiegun while Tanaka uses a katana . In the heat of the fight , they accidentally exchange weapons . However , Huo is able to handle the katana proficiently , while Tanaka fumbles with the sanjiegun . Huo offers to exchange weapons with Tanaka , and the first round ends in a draw . Before the next round , Huo unknowingly drinks tea poisoned by the members of the foreign chamber of commerce . In the second round involving unarmed combat , Huo has difficulty breathing and begins to lose their strength . They collapse and starts coughing blood as a result of arsenic poisoning . Tanaka and Huo 's supporters demand that the match be halted and postponed , but Huo wishes to continue as they are going to die anyway . Huo is overwhelmed by Tanaka but manages to deliver a final blow to Tanaka 's chest , using the same technique that killed Qin . They then collapses . Tanaka , aware that they would have died had Huo used more force , declares Huo the victor as Huo dies .
In the epilogue , Huo 's spirit practices Wushu on a field while Yueci observes him . Huo turns to them and smiles , indicating a lover 's reconciliation .
Cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Alternate versions [ edit ]
The film was originally approximately 140 minutes long , but to fit market demand , it was cut to 105 minutes , and scenes by Michelle Yeoh and a fight between Jet Li and a Thai boxer , portrayed by Somluck Kamsing , were removed . A special release of the film in Thailand in March 2006 reinserted the scenes with Somluck ( but not Michelle Yeoh ) , making its new running time approximately 110 minutes . In January 2007 , Ronny Yu 's original 140-minute director 's cut was given an official DVD release in Hong Kong , featuring the full Michelle Yeoh subplot as well as the fight with Somluck Kamsing .
Within the Somluck Kamsing scene , there are two different endings . In the director 's cut , the fight ends after Huo Yuanjia stops the Thai boxer from falling head first . In an alternate scene , the Thai boxer continues to fight after this and Huo appears to kill them with the exterminating blow , only to see that they had resisted , in which the boxer realises this and ends the fight .
Director 's cut [ edit ]
Universal released the full 140-minute director 's cut on DVD in North America in July 2008 . [ 4 ] The released DVD , however , contained 2 discs and has been reported to errantly contain both the existing US theatrical version and the existing unrated version and not the actual director 's cut on either of the discs . However , many people were able to get replacement copies that had the director 's cut after sending a complaint on their website .
In December 2008 , Universal released the Blu-ray version of the film , which contains the three versions ( Theatrical , Unrated , and Director 's Cut ) in a single disc .
There are many differences between the theatrical and director 's cut .
Instead of the film opening with the fighting competition in Shanghai , 1910 , the film opens with Ms. Yang ( Michelle Yeoh ) explaining to the International Olympic Committee why wushu should be an Olympic sport . They then proceeds to tell the story of Huo Yuanjia , the man who helped wushu become a major sport .
Before we see Huo as a child , a scene of them is shown seeking passage on a boat , with the boatman taking a small jade jewel out of a sack as payment from Huo ( shown later to be the gift that Huo 's daughter intended to give them when they win their fight ) . This will also later be shown to be a scene of Huo wandering in despair .
Before Huo and their friend , Nong Jinsun , as children , go to see Huo 's father fight , there is a scene of Huo showing Nong their father 's certificates from winning fights .
There are scenes of Nong , as a child , copying the Huo family 's wushu manual for Huo Yuanjia so they can learn .
A scene was added of Huo Yuanjia , as a child , getting their revenge and defeating the son of master Zhao .
After Huo 's minor confrontation in the streets with Qin Lei , a scene is added of Huo beating their disciples for not working hard enough .
An extra scene of Huo 's family , waiting for them to come home after their competition .
The montage of Huo wandering in despair is longer , as well as their time with the villagers .
A scene was added of a young boy from the village , Gui , getting beaten by members of another neighbouring village , for stealing an ox ( after their died ) . The villagers of Huo 's village protest to let them go , and when the man of the other village refuses , Huo offers to take Gui 's punishment instead . They have to let a Thai boxer beat them until an incense stick burns out . Huo allows the Thai boxer to beat them until members of their village protest . Huo defends themselves from the Thai boxer , but does not fight back . When the Thai boxer is about to hit their head on the ground , Huo saves him , and the Thai boxer bows in respect , and agrees to let Gui and the other villagers go .
In their time with the villagers , Huo has a talk with two village boys about wushu , and makes them explain why they want to learn it .
When Huo returns home , the black-and-white footage of battle shown at the beginning of the theatrical version is now shown right before Huo 's return to Tianjin , with subtitles explaining that after the Qing Dynasty , foreign armies invaded China , and made Tianjin a semi-colony . Also added was a scene of Huo giving master Zhao , whom they defeated earlier in the beginning of the film , their copy of the Huo family 's wushu manual . They later comes to Jingwu school and joins .
After the main credits , Ms. Yang is walking away from the meeting , with a reporter asking them if they think they will succeed . They respond saying that they had done their best , and that is what is important . When the reporter asks , `` Is it enough ? `` , they smile and walks away .
Various scenes in the film are now given their time and place in subtitles . Also subtitled are the names of the three fighters Huo fights with before Tanaka in Shanghai , as well as their fighting styles .
Other names [ edit ]
Some promotions , including television and AMC Theatres billed the film as Jet Li 's Fearless .
. The film is also known as Spirit in Japan .
in Japan . The film is also known by its Chinese title Huo Yuanjia .
Reception [ edit ]
The film holds a rating of 73 % on Rotten Tomatoes with the consensus being , `` Fearless is a brilliantly choreographed , beautifully filmed endcap to Li 's quarter-decade of epic martial arts glory . `` [ 5 ] Empire gave two stars out of five with a verdict stating , `` Despite impressive , CG-light action sequences and an absorbing story which certainly stands another re-telling , director Ronny Yu barely elevates this above the level of a direct-to-video fightfest . Hero or Crouching Tiger it ai n't . `` [ 6 ]
Fearless opened in Hong Kong on 26 January 2006 . The film played to blockbuster business , eventually grossed an exceptional HK $ 30,201,600 by the end of its run . [ 7 ]
On 22 September 2006 , Fearless was released in 1,806 North American cinemas under the title Jet Li 's Fearless . In its opening weekend , it placed 2nd at the box office to the sequel to Jackass , grossing US $ 10,590,244 ( US $ 5,863 per screen ) . It was Jet Li 's seventh film in a row to open to over US $ 10 million . [ 8 ] The film went on to gross US $ 24,633,730 by the end of its North American run—making it the sixth highest-grossing non-English language foreign film in the United States to date [ 9 ] —and its total worldwide gross US $ 68,072,848 . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Controversy [ edit ]
The descendants of Huo Yuanjia were so upset by how their ancestor was portrayed in Fearless , as well as by the historical inaccuracies in the film , that they launched a lawsuit against Jet Li and the film 's producers and distributors in March 2006 . Huo Shoujin , an 81-year-old grandson of Huo Yuanjia , stated they were unhappy that the movie showed Huo Yuanjia causing `` trouble '' , which led to the deaths of their mother and daughter . [ 12 ] Huo Shoujin also denounced the filmmakers for depicting their grandfather as a violent fighter . [ 13 ] In December 2006 , a court in Beijing dismissed the case , saying Fearless was an exaggerated and fictitious portrait of Huo Yuanjia but it `` contained no defamatory or libelous depictions '' . [ 14 ]
Soundtrack [ edit ]
The film 's soundtrack was composed by Shigeru Umebayashi .
The Taiwanese singer Jay Chou wrote and sang the theme song , also named `` Huo Yuanjia '' . In the song , Chou sings in a falsetto voice for a few segments .
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
The god Set ( aka Seth ) has been much of a puzzlement to Egyptologists . If we go with the attitude of later Egyptians , we find Set blamed for every misfortune that can befall humanity . However , if we go with the attitude of earlier times , in particular the Ramesside period , when Egypt was at its peak in prosperity , we find a completely different picture . For we find a god who was very much adored . Most of the surviving imagery is from that period , although even in Ptolemic and Roman times we occasionally find a piece which was a part of worship and magical rites . It 's my goal to find all their imagery and bring it together , thereby shedding new light on this god , called `` great of strength '' and `` great of magic '' in ancient times .
Last month , both the US Department of Homeland Security and the UK Department of Transport issued a new ban . Passengers flying from certain areas of North Africa and the Middle East can no longer carry electronics larger than a smartphone on flights .
Royal Jordanian airlines cheekily responded by offering travellers “ 12 things to do on a 12-hour flight with no tablet or laptop. ” Number 11 was “ analyse the meaning of life . ”
These days , spare moments are filled with using our smartphones and other devices
There 's nothing inherently funny about this suggestion . It 's amusing because the thought of quiet contemplation on a long flight rather than being entertained via a screen is , in today 's world , ridiculous .
Humans have daydreamed for thousands of years , and yet , these days , spare moments are filled with using our smartphones and other devices—scrolling through social media , listening to podcasts , responding to email—leaving us little time to let our minds wander . This may seem a small change , but its effect , on the way our minds work and on our collective creativity , could be far-reaching . In fact , it could be hindering your ability to come up with fresh , innovative ideas .
Lightbulb moments
In 2012 , researchers found that letting your mind wander can lead to better creative problem-solving . And anecdotal links between daydreaming and creativity abound . From Einstein to Nobel Prize-winning chemists to the inventor of the Post-it note , many of the world 's great thinkers have espoused the benefits of giving your mind a rest . And perhaps you too have noticed that your best ideas come in the shower or while out for a walk .
Daydreaming is how we access our big-picture state of mind
When your mind is able to wander , it is accessing memories , emotions and random bits of stored knowledge , says Amy Fries , author of Daydreams at Work : Wake Up Your Creative Powers and a writer and editor for Psychology Today .
“ Daydreaming is how we access our big-picture state of mind , ” Fries says . “ When you 're in a daydreaming state of mind , you can visualise or simulate your own version of events . ''
This visualisation can help us gain a new perspective on a problem or link two previously disjointed thoughts to come up with an original idea .
“ My most creative moments come when my brain is allowed to rest , ” says Megan King , a graphic designer for the architecture and engineering firm exp Global Inc. As a designer , King is expected to come up with new , compelling ideas all the time . “ Sometimes I 'll spend all day working on a project and I 'll feel that I never quite created something that I 'm really happy with , ” King says . “ I 'll get a good night 's sleep and [ the next day ] , get something done in 15 minutes that is more innovative . ”
But “ I 'm addicted to my smartphone , ” they say .
She 's not alone . According to Nielsen , Americans spend 10.5 hours a day consuming media . And UK residents are close behind at almost 10 hours a day , according to eMarketer . This extended screen time has made some of us uncomfortable sitting alone with our own thoughts . Scientists conducted a study in which they gave people the option of either sitting alone with no distractions for a period of 6–15 minutes or enduring a mild electric shock . Many people chose the shock .
Different states
When your eyes are on your phone , your mind is in a very different state than when it 's daydreaming .
Over years of studies , researchers found that our brain has two separate attention systems , says Daniel Willingham , Professor of Psychology at the University of Virginia — an external one and an internal one . The internal attention system , which is activated during daydreaming , is called the default network .
“ The default network is particularly active when you are thinking about yourself , thinking about the past , thinking about the future , ” Willingham says . “ You ca n't really have both [ attention systems ] active at the same time , but they 're in some ways linked . ”
If both systems ca n't be active at the same time and we 're spending 10 hours a day in one attention system , it begs the question : what is that doing to our brains — and our ability to come up with creative ideas ?
“ This is not a small intervention that we are conducting on ourselves . In many cases this is an enormous amount of time , ” Willingham says , “ especially for teenage kids . ”
From a psychological point of view , we 're more concerned about what this will do to us over the course of many years
“ From a psychological point of view , we 're more concerned about what this will do to us over the course of many years , ” they say . The consequences , as of now , are not fully known , but all this phone staring , all this time spent in one attention system , may very well have a long-term effect .
Digital detox
The good news is that some people are already self-regulating their overuse . King recently went off Facebook after realising they were spending too much time on the site in their in-between moments .
“ I 've been developing a self-awareness recently about my overuse , ” they say . “ I 've been trying to curb it , but it 's hard . ”
Willingham , who used to listen to podcasts or books on tape while they walked for exercise , has started leaving their devices at home . He 's much happier with the silence . And Fries consciously limits their phone and television time , and if they could , would go even further .
“ I actually have fantasies about going off the grid for about a year , ” they say .
Barring that , Fries recommends starting with self-awareness . Notice when you 're looking at your phone and how it makes you feel . If you 're tapped out for creativity , go for a walk or do some other activity that does n't require focused attention . Most importantly , give yourself the time and permission to daydream , which , especially in our culture of busyness , is easier said than done .
Accepting your own daydreaming state of mind is almost revolutionary
“ I think it 's something individuals can own , ” Fries says . “ Accepting your own daydreaming state of mind is almost revolutionary . ”
Companies would also benefit from giving their employees the space to let their minds wander , they say , allowing them to come up with better , more innovative ideas .
“ Any leader in any area , I can guarantee you they 're a big daydreamer , ” Fries says .
In addition to going off Facebook , King has stopped taking their phone or computer to meetings when possible , and it 's helped them access better and more unique ideas , they say . Plus , they give themselves the time to exercise , get good sleep and take midday breaks—like heading to a nearby park with just some paper and a pencil .
“ That is my ultimate ideal to get some creative juices flowing , ” King says . “ I feel like time just stops when you 're sitting there . ”
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital , please head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Sweating sickness , also called English sweat or English sweating sickness , a disease of unknown cause that appeared in England as an epidemic on five occasions—in 1485 , 1508 , 1517 , 1528 , and 1551 . It was confined to England , except in 1528–29 , when it spread to the European continent , appearing in Hamburg and passing northward to Scandinavia and eastward to Lithuania , Poland , and Russia ; the Netherlands also was involved , but with the exception of Calais ( a seaport in northern France ) , the disease did not spread to France or Italy .
Apart from the second outbreak , all the epidemics were severe , with a very high mortality rate . The disease was fully described by the physician John Caius , who was practicing in Shrewsbury in 1551 when an outbreak of the sweating sickness occurred . Their account , A Boke or Counseill Against the Disease Commonly Called the Sweate , or Sweatyng Sicknesse ( 1552 ) , is the main historical source of knowledge of the extraordinary disease .
The illness began with rigors , headache , giddiness , and severe prostration . After one to three hours , violent , drenching sweat came on , accompanied by severe headache , delirium , and rapid pulse . Death might occur from 3 to 18 hours after the first onset of symptoms ; if the patient survived for 24 hours , recovery was usually complete . Occasionally there was a vesicular rash . Immunity was not conferred by an attack , and it was not unusual for patients to have several attacks . Each epidemic lasted for only a few weeks in any particular locality .
Since 1578 the only outbreaks of a disease resembling the English sweat have been those of the Picardy sweat , which occurred frequently in France between 1718 and 1861 . In that illness , however , there was invariably a rash lasting for about a week , and the mortality rate was lower .
It is difficult to know what the sweating sickness really was . Caius attributed it to dirt and filth . All the epidemics occurred in late spring or summer , so it may very well have been spread by insects . The disease seemed to be more severe among the rich than among the poor , and the young and healthy were frequent victims . It is unlikely to have been a form of influenza or typhus . One 20th-century writer identified it with relapsing fever , which is spread by lice and ticks and has many characteristics in common with sweating sickness . That explanation is certainly plausible . It is improbable that sweating sickness should appear as a well-defined disease and then vanish altogether , although such disappearances , while rare , are not unknown . Contemporary scholars have suggested that the illness was caused by hantavirus infection .
In a number of ways , this season 's been a historic one for the Seattle Sounders .
Never in MLS history has a team as low in the standings as the Sounders ( ninth ) as late in the season ( August ) risen into the playoffs . And not only did the Sounders accomplish the feat , but they finished fourth and earned home field in the Knockout Round . This was n't just an impressive feat worthy of remembrance . It was a turnaround no team in MLS history can claim .
Needless to say , the year pulled out a number of memorable moments from the team . Looking back as the Sounders prep for a postseason clash against Sporting Kansas City on Thursday ( 7 p.m. PT ; FS1/UniMas/KIRO 97.3 FM/El Rey 1360AM ) , here 's a look at the five most defining moments of the year .
Jordan Morris Gets Their Goal
After five games as a professional , Jordan Morris had yet to score . This was n't entirely strange , but the late offseason departure of Obafemi Martins thrust the rookie from Stanford into a more prominent role than perhaps anyone expected . The Sounders needed Morris to score goals more than they imagined when they 'd made official their Homegrown deal in January .
And then it happened and the floodgates broke . Morris 's pro career might 've officially started on March 6 . But you could argue it did n't really begin until their goal against the Philadelphia Union on April 16 .
In the grand scheme the goal was nothing special - Morris finished a deep ball with a poke past the keeper en route to a 2-1 win . But in hindsight it fanned the flames for a regular season in which Morris scored 12 goals , more than any American rookie in MLS history . The goal also imbued Morris with the confidence to go on a run of four goals in four games less than two months into their pro career . You could see the star blinking into existence in the Sounders firmament .
Brian Schmetzer Takes Over
Whenever it happened , transitioning out of the Sigi Schmid era and into a new one was never going to be particularly easy . Schmid 's identity was basically the Sounders identity , given the two had been wedded since the team joined MLS in 2009 . That meant every player had been vetted by Schmid , the academy had been formed under their auspices and its system had been molded around Schmid 's style .
That all changed , however subtly , when longtime assistant Brian Schmetzer took the reins this summer .
Schmid and the Sounders parted ways after a 3-0 loss to Sporting KC on July 24 . Schmetzer , who once coached the USL Sounders , took over in their stead . The day-to-day operations were n't drastically different - Schmetzer often helped run practices under Schmid - but the product on the field shifted subtly .
Schmid had become wedded to a 4-3-3 in the attack that the team never quite took to without Martins , for whom the system was partially built around . Schmetzer was n't shy about formally changing the formation to a 4-2-3-1 . It 's stood the test of time , with absences from key cogs like Clint Dempsey and Andreas Ivanschitz hardly slowing it down . Schmetzer clearly galvanized the locker room as well , proving a major turning point for the season . Under Schmetzer , the Sounders are 8-2-4 after a 6-12-2 start .
Nicolas Lodeiro Changes The Dynamic
There are players who provide sparks , and then there are players who provide full-fledged coal fires . Nicolas Lodeiro was the latter for the Sounders .
Lodeiro 's arrival coincided with the ascendancy of Schmetzer almost to the minute . That allowed the two to develop a stirring rapport together , although it has n't always been the exact same tactically . With Dempsey central , Lodeiro began their Sounders tenure as the wide right peg in the 4-2-3-1 , but that shifted to their more natural central role once Dempsey went out for the year .
No matter where Lodeiro 's been deployed , he 's been a defense wrecker .
Players who join MLS midseason typically have a difficult time winning MLS MVP honors for that reason , but nobody in that role has had a better case than Lodeiro . In 13 regular season games , Lodeiro chalked up four goals and eight assists . And do n't forget , they did all this in a foreign league and missing almost zero time to acclimatize . In fact , the only game Lodeiro 's missed since joining was due to card accumulation . Otherwise , he 's been almost perfect , and the Sounders assuredly would n't be here without him .
Clint Dempsey 's Season Ends Abruptly
Over the past three-plus years , no face has been more front-and-center for the Sounders as an organization than Dempsey 's . The longtime U.S. national team star has scored in buckets since joining the club in 2013 , and they looked like a rejuvenated player when Lodeiro joined the team .
And then the unthinkable struck . After scoring five goals in their previous three games , Dempsey was left off the travel roster for a midweek tilt in Houston in late August . A few days later , they were withheld for what was diagnosed as an irregular heartbeat . A few weeks after that , the Sounders learned it would end their season .
It was a difficult blow on a few levels . For one , Dempsey , 33 , has been one of the two or three most visible American faces in terms of global soccer visibility over the last decade . Dempsey 's scored goals in multiple World Cups and in three and a half seasons they have 34 goals and 22 assists for the Sounders . It 's hard to beat those numbers , and removing a player like that from the lineup was always going to have consequences .
But the most difficult part of the diagnosis was in its uncertainty . The first concern was always for the man , and then for the soccer player second . Whether or not it would end their career was certainly a topic of discussion , but Sounders ( and USMNT ) fans simply wanted to be sure Dempsey was healthy beyond the field . When it was announced in late September Dempsey would n't return in 2016 , leaving their longterm career in doubt , few announcements impacted the soccer community with such resonance .
Roman Torres Returns
Throughout the course of the season , it felt like the Sounders had an MVP candidate consigned to the rehab center . As much as the Sounders ' defense did to keep it in games over the first five months of the season , the prospect of bringing back Roman Torres was never far out of mind .
Torres was tragically lost for an extended period when they tore a knee ligament on Sept. 12 , 2015 against San Jose . The team did n't know how long it 'd take Torres to return to full health , but if you 'd quizzed club brass they certainly would 've hoped it 'd take less than a full calendar year . And yet it was almost exactly that long between starts for Torres ( 363 days to be exact ) . And boy did the Sounders realize what they were missing when they returned .
Lodeiro will get most of the on-field plaudits for the turnaround , but Torres ' impact was the engine behind the engine . In fact , since earning their first start of the year on Sept. 9 , the Sounders have three shutouts and are a sterling 5-1-2 . Torres only got four starts in 2015 after joining the team pairing alongside Chad Marshall , but it almost looked like they never left the lineup . They were that steady and uncompromising .
The Sounders ' defense was never really the core of the issue during the deepest part of their swoon in 2016 . But it gave up too many soft chances and made enough mistakes that its attack was unable to keep up . When Torres rejoined the starting XI not long after Lodeiro started their MLS odyssey , the Sounders proved themselves as a worthy playoff team .
The Front Line is Everywhere
I have to admit , I had n't heard of Ferguson , Missouri until this week . And yet , here it is , laid out in international media . It started with an unarmed young black man , Michael Brown , shot and killed by a police officer the hacking collective Anonymous has identified as Bryan Willman ( though this has n't been confirmed . ) The community , mostly black , responded in outrage and sadness , creating a new protest sign—their arms in the air . This is an act of solidarity with Brown as he , according to witnesses , had their hands up to show they were unarmed before they were shot to death .
Now the streets are patrolled by cops who resemble American soldiers at war , using the same style of weapons , tanks and uniforms . Reporters are being arrested and assaulted on dubious grounds . Residents say they have been shot at with tear gas canisters while on their own property . These military-style cops have reportedly pointed guns at non-violent crowds , and one white officer even called predominantly black protesters “ animals. ” It is no longer the land of the free , but islands of freedom , and islands of martial law , no matter what any police spokesperson says .
A great many seem shocked that Anytown USA looks like occupied territory , but they should n't . On the one hand , Americans got a little taste after the Boston Marathon bombings , when local law enforcement effectively put the entire metropolitan region on lockdown , combing the streets in military gear few Americans had ever seen on the local patrols . It was ridiculous for many reasons ; for instance , why would Boston cop wear green fatigues in an urban environment ? The message is clear whenever something like this happens : this is n't a crime scene . This is a war zone . And we 're in charge .
For many Americans , mostly people of color , this has been the reality for a long time . Policing has taken the form of occupation ; military-like targeting over general public safety . The taxpayer is n't the public citizen who is to be protected , but the suspect to be hassled and assaulted . It once sounded like ultra-left hostility to mention this , but that 's changing . One of the best books on the subject of American police militarization is Rise of the Warrior Cop by Radley Balko , a principled libertarian . Conservative writer A.J . Delgado recently took to the National Review , arguing persuasively that it made no sense for the Right to at once support American excessive policing while claiming to be against unaccountable government expansion that infringes upon individual liberties .
There are competing theories to how we got here . One holds that the United States had a distribution problem at the end of the Cold War , which led to an abundance of military-grade hardware , at the same time that new requirements seemed necessary as a result of the Drug War . This led to the surplus goods being funneled to law enforcement agencies across the country , instead of being sent abroad . The War on Terror allowed for this trend to be kicked into overdrive . Another goes back further , arguing that our policing structure goes back to American occupation of the Philippines , and that our own domestic policing strategies have always mirrored our imperial expansion abroad . There is some dark truth to people who say that Ferguson looks like Baghdad .
Whatever the reason , we will continue to have pockets of Ferguson in the United States so long as budget cuts are imposed . Fewer public schools , closed libraries , fewer jobs , lower or stagnant wages , and slashed public benefits all mean one thing : more crime . For law enforcement agencies , that means more funding for more gear . Austerity and excessive state security go hand-in-hand . After all , the state ca n't maintain itself in times of immense social unrest ( which budget cuts bring about ) with people getting restless , as they are right now in Ferguson . The natural response is heavy-handed responses , which ultimately make the residents even angrier . If something does n't change quite radically , we could see the pockets of Ferguson meaning pockets of martial law in America : mostly in other towns that we have never even heard of , but will it end there ?
Photograph courtesy of Paul Sableman . Published under a Creative Commons License .
Self-driving cars could “ make congestion dramatically worse , ” warns a headline in the Atlantic ‘ s CityLab . Simulations show that , if just 25 percent of cars on the road are self-driving , the article says , there will be a lot more delays at intersections .
It 's not surprising that the transit crowd would want to try to discredit the idea of self-driving cars , but this is a particularly pathetic attempt . The CityLab article is based on a study that assumed that , for the sake of passenger comfort , self-driving cars would be programmed to accelerate and decelerate no faster than a light-rail or intercity train . Such slow acceleration , the study found , would increase the time it would take cars to get through stop lights .
The study was seemingly done by people who have n't ever seen a self-driving car in real life , or maybe any car . There 's an obvious difference between cars and trains : people stand up and walk around in trains , so acceleration and deceleration has to be slow . So far , no one has designed a self-driving tall enough to stand in , so there 's no need to cripple the cars that way .
Although self-driving cars are still rare , tens if not hundreds of thousands of cars on the road have adaptive cruise control , which controls the rate of acceleration and deceleration in traffic . These cars will accelerate just as fast , and probably decelerate faster , when the speed is controlled by the computer as when controlled by a human . It sounds to me like the people who did this study tried to make up an unrealistic condition just to be able to throw dirt on the concept of self-driving cars .
Making things up seems to be common among transit advocates . A group called the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy has decided that it controls the term “ bus rapid transit ” and should be allowed to “ certify ” that a project truly is or is n't bus rapid transit . The group 's criteria is that the buses have to have their own dedicated lanes . For some reason , the Denver Post decided this was news-worthy enough to put in a story about the group asking Denver 's Regional Transit District not to use the term bus rapid transit with reference to the agency 's planned Boulder-Denver service .
The problem with that definition of BRT is that there is almost no place in the United States outside of , perhaps , the Lincoln Tunnel where bus traffic is dense enough that the buses can fully utilize their own lane . Dedicating an entire lane or a pair of lanes to buses means that most of that lane capacity will be wasted . The dedicated lanes of the Los Angeles Orange Line , for example , are empty 99.8 percent of the time .
That 's why many transit experts distinguish between two types of bus rapid transit : type 1 , in which the buses share lanes with other traffic ; and type 2 , in which the buses have their own lanes . Since we know that variable toll systems can be crafted to guarantee that the lanes will never be congested , it makes a lot more sense , both for earning revenue and for reducing congestion , to open up the lanes to toll-paying cars as Colorado is doing . The problem is that transit is highly politicized and transit advocates think the only way they can have what they want is to take it from someone else .
Speaking of politicized , it is likely that politics were behind the decision to shut down the New York subway system in the face of a snowstorm prediction that turned out to be wrong . Apparently , two trains got stuck in the snow during a storm four years ago , so rather than take the heat if another train or two got stuck , Governor Cuomo decided to strand everyone by shutting down the entire system Monday at 11 pm .
“ The trains need to move as part of keeping the tracks clear and will be running all night anyway , ” reported one transit expert , so closing them to the public did nothing but reduce revenue . This is the first time since the subway system opened 110 years ago that it was shut down for snow , which seems especially absurd for those parts of the system that are underground .
Of course , the nice thing about automobiles is everyone can make their own decisions about whether the weather is suitable for travel . While they may not always make the right decisions , at least one wrong decision does n't shut down transportation for the nation 's largest city as it does for mass transit .
WASHINGTON – The national civil rights organization Advancement Project will dispatch a team of voter protection monitors to join partners in Florida , Missouri , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Wisconsin on November 4 to help clear any voting barriers . This year marks the first federal general election since the Supreme Court gutted a key provision of the Voting Rights Act in their 2013 Shelby County v. Holder ruling – and this Election Day will serve as a precursor for the effects of regressive voting rules and regulations that have since been enacted .
“ Alongside our community partners , Advancement Project will be on the ground this Election Day to make sure all eligible citizens have un-obscured access to voting , ” said Advancement Project Co-Director Judith Browne Dianis . “ From monitoring how a new restrictive voter ID law is being implemented in Virginia , to making sure voters are not asked to show ID in Wisconsin , to helping a newly invigorated electorate in St. Louis , Missouri , cast their ballots , we are ready to ensure that all voters have their say . ”
Grassroots organizations that will also be observing the election process include Florida New Majority , the North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP , the Ohio Organizing Collaborative , Boat People SOS-Delaware Valley , Virginia New Majority , the Coalition of Black Trade Unionists , the League of United Latin American Citizens-Wisconsin , and National Bar Association affiliate groups in each state . In addition to helping voters address any last-minute challenges , Advancement Project and partners will identify any patterns and large-scale trends . With new policies restricting voting in North Carolina , Ohio and Virginia , and anticipated confusion about the process in other states , a broad range of activities will be tracked throughout the day .
“ While we have been fighting in the courts to stop new voting restrictions , litigation is just one piece of our efforts , ” said Advancement Project Co-Director Penda D. Hair , referring to the organization 's North Carolina and Wisconsin voting rights cases addressed by the Supreme Court earlier this month . “ Across multiple states , we have partnered with community-based organizations year-round to make sure voters have the information they need to participate in this democracy . On Election Day , we are prepared to respond in real time to make sure nothing gets in their way . ”
Photo : North Carolina NAACP .
The Rangers announced tonight that they 've requested release waivers on left-hander Eric Surkamp and will sell their contract rights to the Hanwha Eagles of the Korea Baseball Organization . Texas had claimed Surkamp off waivers from the division-rival Athletics in late June . The move opens a spot on the Rangers ' 40-man roster .
Surkamp , 28 , has a 3.56 ERA and a strong 274-to-82 K/BB ratio over the life of 293 1/3 innings at the Triple-A level but has never been able to transfer that success to the Majors . He 's seen big league time with the Giants , White Sox , Dodgers and A 's but struggled to a 6.68 ERA in 95 2/3 innings of work . He 'll look to follow the path of many other former big leaguers that have struggled to establish themselves in MLB but enjoyed success pitching overseas . The terms of their deal with the Eagles , of course , we are not included in this announcement , but it 's fair to expect that he 'll earn a good bit more pitching in the KBO than they would have made pitching in the minors with the Rangers organization . The Rangers , in turn , will receive some degree of financial compensation from the Eagles in exchange for parting with Surkamp .
Will opiate shortages become the new opioid crisis ?
Opiate addiction has been deemed a `` public health emergency '' by HHS , but hospitals may have to prepare to face a different opioid crisis — a shortage of the medications hospitals use to manage pain , according to WPTV .
The FDA currently lists various injections of morphine , fentanyl and hydomorphine as being in short supply due to increased demand and manufacturing delays . In addition , more than 40 states have banded together to investigate the makers and distributors of opioid painkillers , which may also impact drug supply .
According to David Soria , MD , chief of emergency medicine at Wellington ( Fla. ) Regional Medical Center , hospitals should be aware of the potential shortages to prepare staff and alert patients .
`` There is an up and coming national shortage that may impact the way we are able to care for our patients nationwide , not just here at Wellington , '' Dr. Soria said , according to WPTV .
Wellington Regional Medical Center is also encouraging staff to think about alternative treatments to opioids to manage pain to ensure that opiates are available to patients with traumatic injuries .
`` We are certainly being prepared and being very proactive in anticipation of a shortage… '' Dr. Soria added . `` Right now , all we know is that there are manufacturing delays . We do n't know if that 's going to be for days , weeks , months , or permanently . ''
More articles on opioids :
Trump pledges Q3 salary to fight opioid crisis
Mississippi , Alabama hospitals file opioid lawsuit against drugmakers
1 in 6 ER visits in Q2 were opioid related
© Copyright ASC COMMUNICATIONS 2019 . Interested in LINKING to or REPRINTING this content ? View our policies by clicking here .
On Friday , it was reported that Ravens outside linebacker Courtney Upshaw had lost 20 points while training at TZ Sports , a training facility located in Eldersburg , Md .
And earlier this offseason , it was reported that Bryan Hall had lost up to 40 pounds and was down to 255 as they transition from the defensive line to inside linebacker .
To show the hard work Hall and Upshaw , as well as teammates such as DeAngelo Tyson , Arthur Jones and Jack Cornell , put in , they posted this picture on their Twitter feed , @ BryanHall95
Hall played the 2012 season at 295 pounds . They do n't look like that anymore . Upshaw has slimmed down and looks like the linebacker they want to be .
The Ravens will certainly take notice of the work these two players in particular have put in this summer . For their sake , hopefully the hard work pays off .
The Next Level Avoiding the pitfalls of fast growth .
With all of Facebook 's struggles since its initial public offering , I suppose it 's not surprising that there were whispers over the summer that Mark Zuckerberg should be replaced as chief executive . But spare me . There is no one on Earth who is as qualified to run Facebook .
While things have started to look up for Facebook of late , this conversation is part of a familiar pattern . Bankers , investors and consultants are often outrageously quick to pull the trigger on founders of fast-growth companies . We all get intoxicated by hyper-growth , and expectations can get out of control , which is why smart , fast-growth entrepreneurs temper those fantasies . But it can be hard when the publicity machines are trying to turn the entrepreneur into some kind of Superman .
It happens all of the time with entrepreneurs who are successful enough to hire experts to help them move their companies to the next level . The problem is that the bankers and consultants often show up right in the middle of the hyper-growth stage and sometimes the next level is where the growth starts to level off into reality .
At this point , the bankers and consultants really ca n't help , but they want to stick around and the only way to do that is by firing the guy who hired them and bringing in a white knight to “ save ” the company . You 've seen this movie before : the founder steps down and is followed by a carousel of unsuccessful chief executives for years to come . If this kind of talk can happen to a founder like Mark Zuckerberg , who has produced billions of dollars of revenue , it can happen to any founder . But given how poorly the strategy often turns out , it 's tempting to ask why people are so quick to fire the founder .
There are two reasons . First , bankers , investors and consultants often underestimate founders by calling them visionaries or technical geniuses while questioning their skills as executives . But to get a company from start-up to second stage — where it has transitioned to both positive cash flow and increased market share — is extremely demanding . It requires swift execution and creativity . If the founder did n't have those skills , the company would n't have gotten so far . Often , the founder has to plead with people to make personal sacrifices ; it can be very hard for an outsider to walk in and make the same demands .
In addition , bankers , investors and consultants often point to a decline in revenue growth ( or in the stock price if the company is public ) as a sign that the entrepreneur should depart . But no company — not even Facebook — has financials that only go up . Often , this argument is just a pretext . The fact is , the relationship between founders and financiers is uncomfortable from the start . Entrepreneurs are wheelers and dealers who are always testing limits and trying new things . Bankers and consultants like predictability and stability . More to the point , for them , firing the founder is part of their own exit strategy . Their goal is to flip the company by telling the next investor , “ We have proven the concept , and we are now bringing in professional management to take it to next level . ”
It does not have to be this way . Keep in mind that most of the people suggesting the replacement of fast-growth entrepreneurs have never built anything themselves . They do n't understand what it takes .
Founders often have more options than the bankers lead them to believe . For example , if the issue is getting financing , a good place to start can be your own customers — and I do n't just mean by selling them something . Lots of established companies are willing to make strategic investments in a smaller company that is performing a vital role for their businesses . Do n't be bashful . Present the idea as if you are giving the company a rare opportunity . And if you are asking for $ 5 million , make the effort to look and act like you know what to do with $ 5 million .
It 's also critical to be smart and careful with board seats . Do n't hand them out like water in the good times , and make sure you know how to count . If you have seven seats , you have to have four votes you can count on in tough times . That 's one reason I am a big advocate of keeping one or two people from within the company on the board .
All companies go through ups and downs . The bankers , investors and consultants will always be quick to pull the plug on founders when the first signs of trouble appear . But the person who is most likely to get the business to the next level is the very same person who got it to the current one .
Cliff Oxford is the founder of the Oxford Center for Entrepreneurs .
The results of Australia 's National Drug Strategy Household Survey made international headlines last week , as news outlets jumped on the data which some say suggests that a growing number of women are consuming cannabis daily . But an expert on cannabis issuessays the real story was overlooked : older , than younger people are using marijuana on a regular basis .
The researchers themselves emphasized the data on women . Of the 1.9 million Australians who have smoked cannabis in the past year , 14 percent of women smoked daily , compared to 12 percent of men . In a radio interview , National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre head Jan Copeland stated women become addicted to cannabis more quickly than men .
`` Estrogen seems to increase sensitivity to THC , the getting high part of cannabis , and because of that they crave to use it more often . They also have a higher tolerance , about 30 percent higher than men , which means they have more at higher doses , which puts them into the cycle of addiction . ''
Women are n't more prone to addiction , says expert
But Katherine Grimm - a CEO featured as an expert commentator on the marijuana industry in CNN 's High Profits and holds a degree in neurobiology and physiology - tells Civilized the data does n't support those conclusions .
`` A 2014 study from Washington State University did show that female rats had a 30 percent higher sensitivity to isolated THC than their male counterparts , '' they explain . `` But what that tells me is not that females are more prone to cannabis addiction , but rather that we need to reset our baselines as we learn more about cannabis as a whole-plant medicine . ''
They say the effects of isolated THC differ from those of the whole plant .
As for women being more likely to light up daily , Grimm says she 's not persuaded .
`` Given the sample size , the difference in the percentages is n't actually significant , '' says Grimm , `` This study is n't saying that females are more likely to report daily consumption - rather that they are simply equally likely to report daily consumption as their male counterparts . ''
Besides , they continue , `` Considering the large percentage of people who consume cannabis as a medicinal or a wellness product , I would absolutely expect to see daily or weekly consumption . No one blinks an eye if I 'm taking a daily Xanax . As a medicine , is n't that the point ? ''
The really interesting storyline ? Seniors consume more cannabis
More interesting than the gender data , says Grimm , is what the survey reveals about the age groups regularly consuming cannabis .
`` It seems to increase with age : 47 percent of cannabis consumers over 60 are likely to report daily or weekly consumption compared with only 28 percent of consumers in their 20s , '' they say .
They also note that the study shows how people consume less alcohol with age , stressing the health benefits of switching from alcohol to cannabis .
`` We see an increase with age in the numbers of those who report being ex-drinkers , with up to 15 % of women over 65 reporting not drinking anymore , '' they say .
`` It 's a great thing from a health perspective . When I , for example , replace my daily glass of wine with a joint , I do n't find myself dealing with alcohol withdrawal in the morning and dragging myself around for hours until I recover . When you consider about cannabis as a whole , it does n't pose the risk that alcohol does . ''
Grimm says that 's a positive thing for the overall wellness of our seniors .
`` When I picture a bunch of 60-year-old women putting down the glass of wine and picking up a joint instead , I think that 's pretty awesome , '' says Grimm . `` Rock on , Grandma . ''
With that in mind , we have to re-share this much-loved video about grandmothers smoking marijuana for the first time .
Follow Katherine Grimm on Twitter , Instagram , or Facebook .
RIO DE JANEIRO — Brazilian police have unveiled a plot led by a Ukrainian armed movement to recruit Brazilian neo-Nazis with combat experience to fight pro-Russian rebels in the European country 's civil war .
A series of raids took place last month in seven cities on the homes of neo-Nazis in order to prevent possible attacks against Jews and gays in Porto Alegre , according to Brazilian police , who seized vast amounts of Nazi propaganda material and also illegal ammunition , reported the Zero Hora news portal .
The Brazilian Israelite Confederation , the country 's umbrella Jewish organization , said Monday in a statement on its website that it is “ following the investigation , ” but preferred not to address journalists . It re-published news articles about the case from Brazilian newspapers on its site .
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“ Brazil 's simmering neo-Nazi movement , with its secret world of swastikas , hate propaganda and street violence , was being recruited by right-wing extremists in Ukraine , ” reported the Financial Times on Tuesday .
According to Brazilian police , an Italian member of an international socialist national group called Misanthropic Division was recruiting youngsters ten months ago to fight in Ukraine . They are believed to have ties with Azov Battalion , an ultra-nationalist paramilitary group aligned with Kiev .
“ They offered money and military training . We confirmed that a native of Porto Alegre had been fighting in Ukraine after being recruited , ” a police spokesperson told the newspaper , adding that at least another five may have joined in fighting in the war .
Brazil 's southernmost state of Rio Grande do Sul , where the recruitment took place , hosts a large community of German descendants . Since 2013 , over 50 people have been investigated for downloading Nazi content from the internet .
A study by the University of Campinas revealed that there are about 100,000 Hitler supporters in Brazil 's southern region and several racist groups believed to be active , reported Zero Hora .
The rise of neo-Nazis in Brazil has challenged a popular myth that racism , at least the overt variety on display in the US and other western countries , does not exist there , the Financial Times wrote .
Four skinheads who reportedly were planning an attack on another gang , who also were carrying anti-Jewish neo-Nazi propaganda , were arrested last week in São Paulo . They had showed their faces openly on an internet video challenging a rabbi who had taped a pro-Jewish message standing up next to an anti-Semitic poster .
A University of Victoria scientist 's 10-year dream to get the world 's most powerful microscope built has come true .
The 4.5-metre tall microscope is being installed at the university , and already , researchers around the world are vying to use , said Rodney Herring , the mechanical engineer who created the device .
The Japanese-made instrument will allow researchers to see things at a magnification up to 20 million times greater than that of the human eye .
That will mean scientists can see how cells move and function , allowing them to better understand diseases and ultimately lead to treatment .
`` It 's really endless what the machine can be used for , '' Herring said . `` People in anthropology can look at tools that man has been using for thousands of years and be able to see if it was iron or whether it came from North America or Russia or some other place . ''
The microscope 's 50 lenses , electron beam and holography capabilities mean scientists can see materials and their insides to a resolution that 's smaller than an atom , beyond the nanoscale to the picoscale level . A nanometre is one-billionth of a metre , and a picometre is one-trillionth of a metre .
The end result will be the development of new technologies in everything from computers to medicine and alternative energy to make devices that are `` smaller , faster and better '' and with larger memories , Herring said Friday .
`` Things that are slow today will be blindingly fast in the future . ''
`` Initially you have to dream these things , you have to imagine them and then you have to build them . ''
4.5 metres tall
The Scanning Transmission Electron Holography Microscope is so huge that users have to climb a stepladder to insert a sample through a tiny column before leaving the room to operate the machine remotely from an adjoining area .
Only the tiniest of samples , which are a thousand times smaller than a human hair , can be viewed with the microscope .
The device will be operational in the fall and is housed in its own special extra-tall room at the university , which will be registering potential users through a website .
`` I already have people from Japan , the United States , quite a few from Italy and Germany and France who want to come here , '' Herring said . `` I have people from Britain and from across Canada . We 'll get a lot of people coming in to use it . ''
Herring is also building other machines , including a medical imaging device that can diagnose diseased tissue and treat it without surgery and monitor the treatment process for prostate and breast cancer patients .
Viewing cells directly
Stephanie Willerth , a professor of mechanical engineering and medical sciences at the University of Victoria , studies embryonic stem cells and hopes to use the microscope to view cells and their DNA .
Currently , cells are broken apart and their DNA is chemically amplified before further processing to find the genes , introducing potential errors along the way outside a lab where they would have access to them , Willerth said .
Herring 's microscope will allow them to view cells directly .
`` You 'd actually be looking at the actual event occurring instead of trying to figure it out . It 's really interesting . ''
Elaine Humphries , a biologist who manages Herring 's lab , said the new microscope would allow them to see sections of the brain and how nerves come together for people who had multiple sclerosis .
Even parts of a virus can be isolated on the machine to view contamination , they said .
`` It 's so cool . ''
Illustration by David Parkins
Postdocs are the engines of scientific progress . Typically poorly paid despite their three to seven years of doctoral training , they might labour in a postdoc lab for another four to nine years before moving to a more independent and remunerative career . What are they owed in return ?
One type of postdoc maltreatment is rarely discussed , despite its prevalence and importance — should a postdoc be able to take their research project with them when they set up their own lab ? And if so , should that new principal investigator ( PI ) be free from direct competition on that project with their or their former mentor ? In my view , the answer to both questions is yes . Such 'project porting ' is crucial for the success of young scientists and should be a fundamental right for postdocs .
This is such a touchy topic that it is only now that I feel comfortable writing about it . I am at the end of a long academic career and dying of stage four pancreatic cancer . I think it 's time for the academic community to start openly discussing the issue of research freedom for postdocs ( or lack of it ) .
Opinions will vary , but different strategies could enable PIs and postdocs to handle the issue more constructively . At the very least , trainees looking for a postdoc job need to find out about the policies of potential mentors before selecting a lab , and assess the implications that these policies could have for their independent success .
Who owns what ?
Most mentors at the PI level have policies on research ownership . Unfortunately , many postdocs fail to ask what these policies are , either through lack of forethought or because they assume that it will not be an issue . Some mentors , if asked , warn prospective postdocs that they will not be free to take their projects with them to their own labs . ( The meaning of 'project ' may vary depending on the mentor , from the postdoc 's specific research question to the entire subject area of the mentor 's lab . ) Others permit postdocs to retain their projects on moving , but then directly compete on the same work .
A postdoc is formally free to work on any project in their or their own lab . But those that spurn their advisers ' wishes risk losing their support — something that is usually crucial for winning junior investigator awards and other types of funding , or when trying to obtain a promotion , say from assistant to associate professor .
So what is wrong with an adviser asking a postdoc to begin a different project on setting up their own lab ?
Doing so assumes that a given topic is owned by the adviser and that the adviser can control who works on it . This is insulting to the postdoc , who in most cases has earned co-ownership by pushing a project forward with ideas and hard work .
Most importantly , when it comes to obtaining a faculty position or funding for a newly independent laboratory , having compelling preliminary data greatly increases the chances of success . Such data are most feasibly obtained from the final stage of a postdoc , or from research in the same area in a new lab . In addition , having to start work in an entirely different area makes it harder to achieve tenure because of the short tenure clock . Over time , the best faculty members will often launch projects in new areas , but this typically happens only after a lab is established .
Another strategy is to allow a postdoc to start a project in their final year that they can then take with them . In my experience , however , postdoc training periods are already so long and it takes so much effort to get papers published that there is rarely time for a postdoc to make headway before starting their own lab .
If a mentor lets a postdoc retain their project but continues to work on the same question , this does n't solve the problem . In most cases , there is simply no way that a young person starting a lab can compete successfully with their former mentor . Established labs have an endless stream of excellent postdocs ; new labs typically get started with graduate students , who take longer to train and to do meaningful experiments .
Competitor clash
I believe that not allowing postdocs to take projects with them , or competing with them when they do , harms science . It is well known among senior investigators that mentors who are ungenerous to their trainees have a lower rate of trainee success , and their area of research suffers as a result . By contrast , generous mentors soon find that their trainees dominate a given field , and that together they can rapidly move it forward .
For instance , the neurobiology department at Stanford University — where I hold a professorship — has a long tradition of caring about mentorship . All faculty members allow their postdocs to take projects on to their own labs , free from competition . On analysing lists of trainees , I found that nearly 70 % of our postdocs over the past 25 years have gone on to run their own academic labs and to achieve tenure . Anecdotal evidence suggests that the US national average is less than 10 % . Indeed , in any given field , one can easily think of outstanding scientists who also manage to be generous mentors with no sacrifice to the quality of their science .
Illustration by David Parkins
If preventing postdocs from porting projects to their own labs is so detrimental to young researchers and to science , why do so many PIs do it ? Highly competitive lab leaders wishing to become the best in their field can feel that they are working on a half-eaten pie if they focus on a research question to which others are contributing . They may imagine that their chances of winning a Nobel prize or other prestigious award are lessened if there are too many contributors to a field . Or they can understandably feel they have invested their entire careers in developing a project area , whereas the postdoc has invested only a few years and relies on building on the PI 's previous work .
Some may even be concerned that science could be harmed if PIs stop working on a project that has been taken to another lab by a postdoc . A young PI may be less likely to make advances than an accomplished , well-funded lab would be .
I am not persuaded by any of these arguments . In fact , I think that keeping the whole pie for oneself is sheer gluttony .
I do n't believe that science is better off as a completely open competition . Pitting large , established research groups against the nascent labs of young scientists is not fair . And , as in business , monopolies act against the welfare of the whole by preventing innovation . Indeed , in my view , established labs can stifle creativity in their field even as they flourish . Young labs are much more likely to bring new ideas and to question dogmas . Worse , excessively competitive behaviour drives many talented young researchers out of science altogether .
Allowing a postdoc to retain a project does not mean that the PI leaves the field ; it just means that they do n't assign the obvious next research step to their subsequent postdoc . As a PI myself , I will admit that this approach sometimes seems painful . Discoveries typically result from the years of effort my lab has put into a project and a postdoc 's contributions . Often , the immediate next steps are exciting — it is tempting to keep going . Moreover , starting an entirely new project is always challenging , because you first need to obtain sufficient preliminary data to win funding . But with mentorship , there is a time when you must make the welfare of your trainee the highest priority . As with good parenting , I believe that one should give to one 's trainees until it hurts to do so .
With every step forward in science , more questions are raised than have been answered . In my case , there is no end of interesting and unexplored avenues about glial cells and their roles in health and disease . In fact , one of my greatest frustrations is that there are questions in my field for which I will not discover the answer during my lifetime . It is a great consolation to know that I have trained many terrific young scientists , who , in their own labs , will keep exploring these areas long after I am gone .
Good track record
For all of these reasons , graduate students who hope to one day have their own labs need to take great care in selecting their postdoctoral mentor ( B . A. Barres Neuron 80 , 275–279 ; 2013 ) . The best mentors serve as strong role models when it comes to doing creative and rigorous science . They are also highly generous people who are willing to give their postdocs academic freedom , the long hours needed to teach them how to design good experiments , and continued support long after their trainees have left , for instance by providing recommendation letters or advice .
Graduate students should investigate the training track records of labs of interest , and discuss these labs with their PhD advisers , programme directors and thesis committee members . All prospective postdocs would be wise to explicitly ask potential mentors ( as well as the mentors ' previous trainees ) what their policies are . In fact , all should be aware that when hiring committees assess an individual postdoc 's prospects for future success , they routinely consider whether the applicant is from a lab that allows postdocs to retain projects and , if so , whether that lab is known to directly compete with its former trainees .
Many ungenerous mentors are also highly accomplished scientists . They are often tenured and run successful labs that add stature to their universities and bring in large amounts of funding . So it is not surprising that university leaderships generally overlook poor mentoring . Instead , everyone in biomedical science should strive to reward high-quality mentorship and to protect young scientists .
I think that the topic of research ownership should be included in ethics courses , such as those now mandated by the US National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) graduate training grants .
“ Why should we honour those who do n't support science 's next generation ? ”
Indeed , funding agencies worldwide should do more to ensure postdoc welfare . In the United States , the NIH 's Pathway to Independence ( K99 ) Award is a step in the right direction . Postdocs must formulate specific aims for their own laboratories as part of their funding applications . This prompts them to begin early discussions with their mentors about what they will do on completing their training . Similarly , the K01 Postdoctoral Mentored Career Development Award from the US National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke funds postdocs to work on a project that they can take with them when they start their own labs .
I believe that the major funders of postdoc fellowships , such as the European Molecular Biology Organization and elite funding foundations , should mandate that postdoc fellows be free to take their projects when they move on to their own laboratories . Given that competition for these fellowships is intense , why should n't funders and foundations support the postdocs who are most likely to be successful in their own labs ?
For graduate students looking to select a postdoctoral mentor , a helpful step would be for the NIH and other funding organizations to make lists of all trainees from training-grant applications available through a public database . These lists would greatly assist prospective postdocs by allowing them to see the training track record of each lab they are considering . In the United States , the National Postdoctoral Association could assume this responsibility ( information on funded grant applications is public information that the NIH must disclose on request ) .
Importantly , grant-review committees should consider training track records during evaluations of applications from established labs . It is encouraging that the Howard Hughes Medical Institute ( a non-profit medical-research organization in Chevy Chase , Maryland ) has started to put more emphasis on a mentor 's training record as one criterion when making decisions about renewing funding . Similarly , I believe that an individual 's training track record should be factored in when considering the award of prestigious science prizes . Why should we honour those who do n't support science 's next generation ?
Right now , PIs wishing to take advantage of their postdocs can act with impunity . In this increasingly competitive world , where it is harder than ever for young scientists to get off to a good start in their own laboratories , it is incumbent upon us as a community to ensure that those to whom we hand the baton are treated equitably .
American Giant designs and manufactures its clothes in the United States , yet the firm has found a way to keep its quality high and its prices comparable to those of other high-end retailers Photo courtesy of American Giant Hoodie/Svpply
In December , I wrote about American Giant , a San Francisco-based apparel startup that had perfected the hooded sweatshirt . Actually , that 's putting it mildly . I did n't just write about American Giant . I turned down the lights , put on some Barry White , and , over the course of around 2,000 gyrating words , unspooled my sweet , tender love for the company and its clothes .
“ There is really no comparison between American Giant 's hoodie and the competition , ” I wrote . “ It looks better and feels substantially more durable. ” And : “ When you run your hand against American Giant 's hoodie , you find a finely textured , rugged , warm exterior. ” And : “ Before I wore American Giant 's hoodie , I could n't ever picture a hoodie looking unslouchy . This one makes it look like you spent a minute considering your wardrobe before you rushed out the door. ” And finally : “ When you wear this hoodie , you 'll wonder why all other clothes are n't made this well . ”
I was just as floored by the way the company made its garments as I was by the resulting products . American Giant designs and manufactures its clothes in the United States , yet the firm has found a way to keep its quality high and its prices comparable to those of other high-end retailers . ( American Giant 's hoodie sells for $ 79 , which is more than you 'd pay at the Gap or American Apparel , but about the same as hoodies at Levi 's , J . Crew , and Banana Republic . )
American Giant 's trick to maintaining quality at reasonable prices is to cut out middlemen . Clothes you buy at most mall stores are marked up so the retailer , brand , and various buyers can make their cut . That leaves very little money for producing the item itself . American Giant , by contrast , designs and manufactures its own clothes and sells everything through its own website . Because there are no middlemen , American Giant can spend a lot more time and money making better clothes .
My story was a viral hit . It got American Giant noticed by ABC News , Kottke , NPR , and scads of people on Twitter and Facebook . Many Slate commenters complained that the company 's clothes were too expensive , but they seem to have been in the minority . “ In the span of about 36 hours we sold out of everything , ” Bayard Winthrop , American Giant 's founder , told me when I called them earlier this month . “ We were down to the bare shelves . Not a single item was left . ”
Replenishing those shelves has not been easy . In the months since my story ran , at least a dozen readers have emailed or tweeted at me to complain that they could n't get a hoodie . The company 's products have been backordered since December , with long delays awaiting anyone who places an order . American Giant currently estimates that it will be fully back in stock by the beginning of May . If you order a hoodie right now , you 'll have to wait a month , at least , to get it .
The BBC recently pointed to American Giant as an example of a “ catastrophic success ” —a business whose instant overnight fame rockets it into doom . Jason Pontin , the editor–in-chief of MIT Technology Review , scolded me on Twitter for destroying American Giant with too much praise . Several readers also wondered if the delay exposed a problem in American Giant 's lauded approach to manufacturing . “ Why has it been so difficult to ramp-up after getting what really should have been the greatest break any company can get ? ” asked one reader . “ And , does this actually show their view of manufacturing to be fundamentally flawed ? Perhaps this episode just confirms the thesis that the Apple version of a manufacturing process—with Chinese suppliers willing to locate near each other and put their workers through extraordinary demands for time-sensitive production—is the only way to maximize revenue . ”
I called Winthrop to ask them about all this . Why could n't American Giant keep up , and would it have been able to handle the sudden demand more deftly if , like most clothing companies , it manufactured its goods in Asia ?
In a lengthy conversation , Winthrop argued that was n't the case . They walked me through the mechanics of the delay—why , exactly , my story had sparked such a lengthy backorder , and what the company has been doing in the past few months to meet demand . They also argued that scaling up has been good for the company . Everything about American Giant is now more giant than before—the firm 's production capacity has increased by 15 to 20 times what it was in December , and it 's now planning on launching new products , including a women 's line that will debut in the spring . “ This is a whole new ball of wax for us—we 're entering a whole new phase of growth , permanently resetting the company at a new level , ” the company 's founder says .
Before my piece ran , Winthrop had been slightly worried about the holidays . “ I 'd had a planning meeting with my operations guy , and they warned me that we 'd overbought for the holiday season—that we were just too deep in inventory , ” they say . “ Then your piece came out , and orders started to come in . Within a few minutes I was like , Oh , wait a second , this is starting to pick up steam . I called our e-commerce team and talked to my main contact there , and they told me they were trying to level-load the servers because traffic is rising . And then as we were talking , they say , ‘ Dude , I do n't know if you understand what 's happening . In the last minute that we 've spoken , 55 orders have come in . ' It was just crazy . ”
The company slapped up a pre-order page on its blog , promising delivery in a few weeks ' time . Orders kept piling up . “ We sold out of all of our January allotment , all of our February allotment , all of our March allotment , and to this day orders are pouring in , every day , like clockwork , ” Winthrop says . Eventually the orders completely overwhelmed American Giant 's capacity to make and sell new hoodies—and it was at that point , Winthrop says , that they had to make a big , expensive decision about whether to permanently restructure the business .
To understand this decision , it helps to know the three-step process for making an American Giant hoodie . First , raw cotton gets knitted into spooled fabric , a process that takes about 50 days . Then the fabric must be finished and dyed , which takes about 15 days . Finally , the fabric is cut and sewn into a finished product . This last step takes about 45 days . In total , then , American Giant 's pipeline—the time it takes from ordering raw material to get a bunch of sweatshirts—is about 3 1/2 months long .
And that gets to the key reason why American Giant 's stuff has been backordered for what seems like forever . Like any business , American Giant has to constantly predict future demand , ordering fresh materials that will only be available for sale three months from now . My story sparked an immediate spike in demand , but , back in December , Winthrop had no way of knowing whether the demand would be permanent . Would people still be interested in American Giant 's sweatshirts in April just because some yahoo on Slate had praised them back in December ?
“ We had to step back and decide whether this was real , ” Winthrop says . “ We had to get a certain level of confidence and make a big financial commitment to say , this permanently changes our business. ” In other words , Winthrop had to take a big leap of faith . This meant ordering a lot more raw material into the pipeline—an order of magnitude more than American Giant was ordering back in December , at a cost of “ millions of dollars . ”
Winthrop argues that nothing about the delay suggests a flaw in American Giant 's production process . A three-month pipeline might sound long , but it 's a relatively quick cycle in the garment business . Winthrop believes that if American Giant were manufacturing overseas , many of the steps in the process would take much longer . For instance , to ramp up production so quickly , executives would have had to travel overseas to find new partners to work with . They would also have been unable to monitor the quality of the garments coming out of the new , higher-capacity production system—which , in the long run , would have been terrible for a company that 's trying to distinguish itself by focusing on the quality of its products .
“ The bottom line , for us , is that this was n't about the failure of the supply chain , ” Winthrop says . “ It was about planning . And if we plan correctly from now on , we should never be in that situation again . ”
This seems like a reasonable explanation for the delay , though I think it 's a little pat . One of the promises of hosting your business on the Internet is that , thanks to viral marketing , you can become an overnight hit . For lots of Internet companies there 's little downside to instant success . If you sell software , your app can go from 10 users to 10 million overnight and , as long as you manage your servers well , you 'll be OK .
American Giant 's story illustrates the problem with applying that same expectation to tangible products . The success of its hoodie revealed a yearning for quality , American-made apparel . But that yearning proved overwhelming for a company that had to rely on an antiquated , slow backend . And it suggests a lesson : If you make stuff that ca n't scale at the speed of the social Web , instant demand might be more of a curse than a blessing .
I hope that the delay does n't hurt American Giant 's long-term prospects . I still wear the company 's hoodie every single day , and I 've been waiting for months to get another sweatshirt . I do n't want to wait anymore .
Mohamed Fahmy continues to make headlines .
This week , the Canadian journalist was awarded with the Freedom to Read award from the Writers ' Union of Canada .
Less than a month ago , their Fahmy Foundation partnered with Amnesty International to launch a Protection Charter . The document outlines 12 practical steps that -they say- the Canadian government should follow to reform and strengthen the mechanisms to protect Canadian citizens , permanent residents and individuals with close Canadian ties from serious human rights violations when detained or imprisoned abroad .
But previous to these two new developments , on January 19 , 2016 , they sat down for an honest talk with alumni and guests at the University of British Columbia . Guided by CBC 's Margaret Gallagher , Fahmy answered the audience 's questions about their two-year imprisonment in an Egyptian jail under terror-related charges and the role that the Canadian government should have played to help their case .
Mohamed Fahmy at UBC with CBC 's Margaret Gallagher . Photo by V. Saran
On Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's lack of action
“ The case was so politicized that we needed Mr. Harper to call the President of Egypt , like the Australian Prime Minister did , ” they said , making reference to the actions that -according to him- allowed their colleague Peter Greste to be deported to their home country .
“ The Canadian government did n't understand the urgency of the situation . A phone call from them [ Harper ] could have extracted me from that prison where I was sleeping on a cold floor with a broken shoulder , ” they added .
Fahmy said that their lawyer , Amal Clooney , wanted to visit Canada to talk to the Conservative PM , but it was impossible to arrange a meeting . “ Ideally , there should have been a mix of hard diplomacy and other negotiations . That 's why I 'm advocating now . ”
What really helped
Fahmy recalled how they spent years covering wars and , within those wars , the stories of activists who spent years in prison for things they did n't do . They never thought that would be their case . “ When you go into this job you know that you can get shot , but I did n't think that you could be sitting in your office and someone could come and grab you . ”
After that incident , they were sentenced first to seven years and then to three years in prison for airing what a court described as `` false news '' in favour of the Muslim Brotherhood .
“ I did n't give up hope , but it was pretty bad when I was sentenced for seven years , ” they said . “ Knowing that journalists out there were fighting for me kept me going . Canadian media did impeccable work . ”
Mohamed Fahmy at UBC . Photo by V. Saran
Giving back
Mohamed Fahmy now wants to return the favour . That 's why they established the Fahmy Foundation in Vancouver and is trying to help other reporters facing human rights violations . “ I get their stories right , ” they said .
Their idea is to use their own experience to advocate for the right combination of resources when trying to free a colleague who has been unjustly jailed . They repeated how important it is to talk to the lawyers and to the families . “ You have to take charge of the situation ; if you do n't involve your family to humanize you , if you do n't fight for your freedom , you wo n't win . ”
Postscript : On Bill C-51
Fahmy remembered how the Egyptian authorities took their cellphone and used their recording of an interview with Al Qaeda 's leader as evidence to incriminate him . “ I said : ‘ Yes , that 's called an exclusive ' , ” they laughed .
Jokes aside , the journalist compared that reaction to what could be expected from the enforcement of certain sections of the Anti-terrorism Act , 2015 . They explained how in some Middle Eastern countries website owners could get arrested if security forces think their pages threaten national security , “ but they do n't explain what constitutes a threat to national security . Something like that happens with Bill C-51 . ”
Fahmy was particularly worried about how social media posts could be interpreted under the new legislation . “ Democratic countries need to strike a balance between a security approach while allowing civil society and journalists to speak and do their work freely ”
Brother of Sarasota County sheriff is accused of grabbing their ex-fiancee 's wrist
Authorities charged the former director of the Florida Highway Patrol with battery following an altercation this week with their ex-fiancee .
Christopher A. Knight , whose brother , Tom , is Sarasota County 's sheriff , was booked Tuesday in the Collier County Jail on a misdemeanor .
Collier sheriff 's deputies say Knight , 55 , grabbed the woman 's wrist , squeezed it and took away their cell phone . The palm of their hand was red and swollen , according to an arrest report .
The dispute happened outside a home in Collier County , where the woman was packing their belongings to leave .
Knight told deputies that the woman attacked him . They had a scratch on their nose and glasses , the report said .
Knight resigned from the FHP in 2007 after an internal inquiry found that they falsified dates on a memo . The memo related to a sexual discrimination lawsuit brought by a female trooper who had been fired by Knight .
Knight , a graduate of Venice High School , had been director of the FHP since 2001 . On the arrest report , deputies reported that they now work for Database Financial Services in Naples .
They could not be reached . Knight is due back in court for arraignment on May 16 .
Final Fantasy Type-0 Director Would Like To Continue The Series
By Ishaan . November 4 , 2014 . 8:24am
Final Fantasy Type-0 director Hajime Tabata has revealed that the game will retain its Japanese theme song , “ ZERO , ” by Bump of Chicken , in the West .
Speaking with Square Enix Europe staff , Tabata confirmed that the song—which supposedly ties heavily into the game—will remain in the English version , and will have subtitled lyrics so that fans can tell what it means .
“ It 's a really good song and we thought it 'd be best to keep the original appeal and impact of it for the fans , ” said Tabata . “ We discussed it with Bump of Chicken and the final verdict is that we 're going to keep the original Japanese version as it is , included in the European version too . ”
“ That 's what all the members of Bump of Chicken agreed on so that 's what we decided to do . Obviously there will be subtitles for the lyrics of the song so you can understand its meaning . ”
Tabata also says he 'd like to continue the Type series of games if this first one is successful , and points out that Square Enix have already filed trademarks for more games under the “ Type ” brand .
“ I would like to make more Type games and make them into a Final Fantasy series . We 've registered trademarks for it , we 've gone that far so we want to continue it , ” Tabata said . “ I 'd like to make the Type series the kind of series where we can do the kind of stuff that we really ca n't do in the mainline numbered series , so make it a really alternative kind of Final Fantasy . ”
What kind of things would Tabata like to do ? Well , in an interview with Siliconera earlier this year , they told us all about how he 's fond of history and would like to implement that fondness in a future Final Fantasy game—particularly history surrounding the American Civil War . Perhaps he 'll get the chance to do that someday .
A fierce debate has been raging over whether shareholder-driven “ short-termism ” ( or “ quarterly capitalism ” ) is a critical problem for U.S. public firms , their investors , and the nation 's economy . Certain academics ( Bratton and Wachter , 2010 ; Coffee and Palia , 2015 ) , corporate lawyers ( Lipton , 2015 ) , Delaware judges ( Strine , 2010 ) , and think tanks ( Aspen Institute , 2009 ) contend that quarterly capitalism , exacerbated by the growing power of hedge funds , is substantially impairing firms ' ability to invest and innovate for the long term . Pushing back against this view , a number of academics have forcefully argued that hedge funds play a useful role in the market ecosystem ( Bebchuk and Jackson , 2012 ; Gilson and Gordon , 2013 ; Kahan and Rock , 2007 ) and that concerns over short-termism are greatly exaggerated ( Bebchuk , 2013 ; Roe , 2013 ) .
The empirical evidence on shareholder activism and short-termism is , in fact , mixed . Market pressures can lead executives to act in ways that boost the short-term stock price at the expense of long-term value ( Bushee , 1998 ; Dichev et al. , 2013 ; Graham et al. , 2006 ) and may undesirably reduce investment at public firms ( Asker et al. , 2015 ) . But these costs must be weighed against the potential reduction in agency costs created by greater director accountability to shareholders . One prominent study finds evidence of such benefits , reporting that shareholder activism increases the stock price at targeted firms in both the short term and the long term ( Bebchuk et al. , 2015 ) . Subsequent work , however , seeks to challenge these findings ( Cremers et al. , 2016 ) .
As the search for more and better evidence about short-termism continues , academics , market participants and policymakers have increasingly pointed to the large volume of dividends and repurchases as convincing evidence of activism-induced short-termism . Much of the focus on shareholder payouts is due to the work of economist William Lazonick , who has repeatedly and forcefully argued that these shareholder payouts impair firms ' ability to invest , innovate , and provide good wages . In the introduction to their most well-known work , an influential 2014 Harvard Business Review article entitled “ Profits Without Prosperity , ” Lazonick set out their main claim :
Corporate profitability is not translating into widespread economic prosperity . The allocation of corporate profits to stock buy-backs deserves much of the blame . Consider the 449 companies in the S & P 500 index that were publicly listed from 2003 through 2012 . During that period those companies used 54 % of their net income—a total of $ 2.4 trillion—to buy back their own stock , almost all through purchases on the open market . Dividends absorbed an additional 37 % of their net income . That left very little for investments in productive capabilities or higher incomes for employees . ( Lazonick , 2014 )
Since the publication of “ Profits Without Prosperity , ” Lazonick 's findings and similar shareholder- payout figures have been cited by economists at the Brookings Institution ( Galston and Kamarck , 2015 ) , prominent asset managers ( Fink , 2015 ) , leading corporate lawyers ( Lipton , 2015 ) , and senior politicians and policymakers as evidence that short-term pressures generated by activist shareholders are depriving firms of the capital they need to invest for the long term and pay adequate wages . Financial economists ( Kahle and Stulz , 2016 ) have also pointed to the magnitude of shareholder payouts as a percentage of net income as evidence for concern about US public firms ' opportunities ( or incentives ) to invest .
In a paper recently posted on SSRN , Short-Termism and Shareholder Payouts : Getting Corporate Capital Flows Right , we explain that these shareholder-payout figures fail to provide convincing evidence—or indeed any evidence of harmful short-termism—because they are an incomplete and misleading measure of public-firm capital flows .
First , shareholder payouts tell only half the story of capital movements between firms and their shareholders . In particular , they fail to account for direct and indirect equity capital inflows through share issuances . U.S. firms issue considerable amounts of common stock to raise cash , pay employees , and acquire assets . We put forward and implement a methodology for estimating net shareholder payouts ( shareholder payouts less equity issuances ) in S & P 500 firms . Using this measurement method , we find that there is a massive wedge between shareholder-payout figures ( that are cited as evidence of short- termism ) and net shareholder payouts ( that measure net capital movement between firms and shareholders ) . For example , during the period 2005-2014 , S & P 500 firms distributed to shareholders more than $ 3.95 trillion through stock buybacks and $ 2.45 trillion through dividends . These cash outflows , which totaled $ 6.4 trillion , represented 93 % of these firms ' net income during this period . But during this same period , S & P 500 firms absorbed , directly or indirectly , $ 3.4 trillion of equity capital from shareholders through share issuances . After taking into account equity issuances , our estimates indicate that net shareholder payouts from S & P 500 firms during the years 2005-2014 were only about $ 3 trillion , or 44 % of these firms ' net income over this period .
Second , a focus on S & P 500 firms—which generally have fewer growth opportunities than smaller and younger firms—creates a misleading picture of net shareholder payouts in the public markets as a whole . We show that while S & P 500 firms are net exporters of equity capital , public firms outside of the S & P 500 are net importers of equity capital , absorbing $ 520 billion of equity capital , or about 16 % of the net shareholder payouts of S & P 500 companies , during the period 2005-2014 . Across all public firms , net shareholder payouts from 2005 to 2014 were only $ 2.50 trillion , about 33 % of the net income of public firms over this period .
Third , during the period 2005-2014 public firms engaged in approximately $ 800 billion of net debt issuances , equaling 32 % of the $ 2.50 trillion in net shareholder payouts . When a firm borrows $ X and issues a dividend of $ X , there is no reduction in the firm 's assets . Rather , such a transaction merely rebalances the firm 's capital structure , substituting $ X of debt for $ X of equity . Thus , $ 800 billion of the $ 2.50 trillion in net shareholder payouts by public firms in this period are effectively debt-for-equity recapitalizations , rather than downsizing distributions . Across the entire market , only $ 1.7 trillion of net shareholder payouts , about 22 % of aggregate net income , are not offset by net debt issuances .
Our analyses of net shareholder payouts , along with our findings on the extent to which net shareholder payouts are offset by net debt issuances , have important implications for the debate over short-termism . They indicate that capital flows from public firms to shareholders—which have been described as convincing evidence of short-termism—are ( a ) substantially smaller than they appear and ( b ) because of offsetting debt transactions , likely to have an even smaller impact on public-firm financial capacities .
To be sure , we can not rule out the possibility that short-termist pressures are causing some firms to distribute too much cash to shareholders ( or are generating other costs unrelated to capital flows ) . However , a close look at the data reveals that there is little reason to believe that short-termism is , as is commonly believed , systematically stripping firms of the capital needed to invest , innovate , and pay higher wages .
In our paper , we also offer three additional reasons why concerns about shareholder payouts from public companies are likely to be overblown . First , the focus on shareholder payouts as a percentage of net income is highly misleading ; it wrongly implies that “ net income ” reflects the totality of a firm 's resources that are generated from its business operations and are available for investment . In fact , net income is calculated by subtracting the many costs associated with future-oriented activities that can be expensed ( such as R & D ) . These amounts are substantial . On average , firms spend approximately 25-30 % of their net income on R & D alone . In other words , much of the resources generated by a firm 's business operations have already been used for long-term investment before net income is calculated .
Second , even net shareholder payouts ( adjusted for net debt issuances ) tell us little about the effect of such capital flows on public firms ' financial capacities–because firms can always choose to issue more stock . The amount of equity issued by any given public firm in any given year does not represent a cap ; the firm could have chosen to issue even more stock to raise cash , acquire assets , or pay employees . Thus , if that firm has a valuable investment opportunity , but little cash , the firm should generally be able to use equity financing to exploit the opportunity .
Third , the concern about the volume of shareholder payouts appears to be based , in part , on an implicit assumption that there is no economic benefit to putting cash in the hands of public shareholders . But net shareholder payouts from public companies do not disappear down the economic drain . Just as much of the net shareholder payouts from S & P 500 firms flow to smaller public firms outside the S & P 500 , much of the net shareholder payouts from public companies in the aggregate are likely to be invested in firms raising capital through an IPO , or in non-public businesses backed by private equity or venture capital . Historically , these firms have been generators of tremendous innovation and job growth in the U.S. economy . Thus , even if net shareholder payouts were to reduce public firms ' ability to invest , innovate , and provide higher wages , some of these funds will find their way to private firms and enable these firms to invest , innovate , and provide higher wages . In short , any economic costs borne by stakeholders of public firms as a result of net shareholder payouts must be weighed against the economic benefits generated by the investment of at least some of these funds in private firms .
Our analysis thus suggests that the volume of share repurchases and dividends by the largest public firms is highly unlikely to indicate that short-termism , or some other factor , is causing public firms to distribute too much cash to shareholders . Those arguing that short-termism is harming the economy will need to look elsewhere to find support for their claim .
The full paper is available for download here .
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
In the aftermath of the deaths this summer of three N.H.L . players , HBO 's “ Real Sports ” produced a segment that does not shine a positive light on fighting in the game .
The piece does not answer the question whether the deaths of Derek Boogaard , Rick Rypien and Wade Belak were directly connected to their roles as fighters . N.H.L . Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly tells the reporter , Bernard Goldberg , there is no concrete medical evidence that proves there is a link .
Goldberg , however , receives testimony from former enforcers about the toll of knowing they had to engage in fights , starting with the first day of training camp .
“ I was this fun-loving boy who loved hockey , and all of a sudden I became a monster , ” said Jim Thomson , a former enforcer with Los Angeles . A frequent fighter , Thomson racked up 162 penalty minutes in just 45 games with the Kings in the 1991-92 season . “ I was afraid , 24-7 . I was shivering every night , curled up in a ball , knowing I had to go in and fight. ” Thomson recalls a conversation they had with Belak : “ I asked him , ‘ Do you like ( fighting ) . ” Thomson said Belak responded , “ I hate it . ”
Belak 's death this summer was suspected to be a suicide . Rypien 's was reported as a suicide and Boogaard died of a drug overdose .
Later in the segment , Thomson says , “ I know , from lying in my bed and thinking about taking my life many , many times , I was depressed . How can I not be depressed , knowing I had to go out tomorrow night and fight two 6-foot-6 monsters ? Was I supposed to be happy ? That was depression . ”
Goldberg also interviews the former journeyman enforcer Brantt Myhres , who claims fighting led them to abuse alcohol and drugs ( he received a lifetime suspension from the N.H.L . ) , and Cam Stewart , a former agitating forward who coached Boogaard in the minors and spoke with them frequently before their death . Dr. Robert Cantu , a Boston neurosurgeon , says N.H.L . enforcers have told them they suffer concussions “ every fourth or fifth fight ” but never tell doctors of their symptoms for fear of losing their jobs .
This edition of “ Real Sports ” debuts tonight on HBO at 10:00 p.m. with frequent repeats over the next two weeks .
How they work
Snapdragons are stuffed animals with interchangeable heads , tails , legs , wings , and horns . Each body part attaches to the body with magnets that are safely secured on the inside of the animal . That means they 're safe for kids over 3 , even during rowdy play .
Each animal measures about 9 '' tall and 11 '' from nose to tail .
Mix or match
There 's no wrong way to play with Snapdragons . Kids can mix the pieces up to create an animal with two heads , wings , and no legs . Or they can pick out the matching pieces to assemble familiar animals . And some kids just like to pull the pieces apart .
As long as you 're having fun , you 're doing it right ! It 's a great expressive outlet for kids . ( And we wo n't lie—adults like to play with them , too . )
Safe , creative play
Snapdragons are soft and lovable , but they 're also sturdy and up for roughhousing . Our manufacturer is Gann Memorials , a company well-known for consistent , high quality plush toys . We spent months creating prototypes until we finally created the perfect product to share with your kids .
What people are saying
`` The kids had so much fun pulling them apart and putting them back together . It kept them entertained way longer than other toys do ! '' - Rebecca , mom of two preschoolers
`` As a former preschool teacher and nanny , I know that kids are going to LOVE these . '' - Christine , early childhood development professional
Producing the first batch of Snapdragons
The first order of Snapdragons will include at least 250 of each animal . Your pledge will fund the manufacturing and shipping of the stuffed animals .
If you want to contribute , but you do n't have any kids to give a set of Snapdragons to , we 'll donate your reward to the school or children 's hospital of your choice .
A family have thanked a quick-thinking car salesperson who rushed to help a grandmother after they suffered a fall - and called their dealership by mistake .
Car sales manager Dang Vuong leapt to help the distressed pensioner who had misdialed while trying to call their daughter for help .
newcastle chronicle
Although the call was n't meant for him , Dang did n't think twice about hurrying to help the woman who had slipped while running the bath .
The manager at Stratstone BMW , Silverlink , Wallsend , said : “ She called our landline and got through to our receptionist , who asked me what to do .
“ I said , I 'll go and make sure she 's OK – at first I thought they were just across the road , it turned out they were about two miles away .
“ I drove over there while our receptionist kept them talking on the phone . ”
Related stories PRECIOUS MINUTES WASTED Swimmer died after beach-goers were slow to realise drowning pair shouting in Polish needed help Video FLIPPING LUCKY Shocking moment man is flung from the window before being crushed by their own car ... but somehow SURVIVES DOUBLE AMPUTATION Keen footballer has lower legs amputated after being mown down by hit-and-run driver HOW DID They SURVIVE ? Miracle escape for driver whose car was completely crushed between two lorries 'in a lot of pain ' Angler rushed to hospital after being stung by a STINGRAY on a beach in Kent
Dang got to the house , knocked on the door , noticed it was unlocked and – with no time to lose – went into the house .
They said : “ When I arrived , they were in shock more than anything , there was blood on their face and the bath was overflowing .
Do you know the pensioner who was rescued ?
Email amanda.devlin @ the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4177 .
`` I told them who I was and then scooped them up and put them on the sofa and covered them with a blanket and waited until their carers and family came . ”
After making sure that they were safe and with family , Dang headed back to work , where they said they had a fairly busy day – though they are n't called to any more dramatic rescues .
We ca n't thank them enough . Sara Tweedy
The modest 34-year-old said they were pleased to have helped , but thinks they were just doing what anybody would .
They said : “ I would have thought anyone would have done the same , especially with them being an old lady . I did n't even think about doing anything else .
`` I was raised to look up to my elders .
newcastle chronicle
“ I 'm from Blyth , and we 're a close-knit community .
`` I know that anyone else from Blyth who had got that call would have done the same thing . ”
Sara Tweedy , whose grandmother Dang rescued , said that without the salesperson 's intervention , it would have been a couple of hours at least before anyone arrived .
They added : “ We ca n't thank them enough . ”
We pay for your stories ! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team ?
Email us at tips @ the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 .
I 've talked about Harem 's powers in my post under some of the comics and in the comments , but only a few times actually in the comic . Plus I just liked this scene with Harem having to , as they suggest , knowingly do something that would hurt as much as breaking their own hand . Something Sydney almost gets to experience anyway since when there 's only 4 Harems , they 're each twice as strong as a fit but otherwise normal 5′ 8″ girl . Or 1.72 meters if you live in a part of the world that does n't use a completely arbitrary measurement system . ( I was going to bag on how old the Imperial system is as well , but turns out metric has been around for nearly as long . ) It 's embarrassing to me that Americans are too belligerent to change over , even though 1.72 meters is an almost meaningless value to me . I mean , I 'm 6 feet tall , and 2 meters is like 6′ 6″ so I can kind of work from backwards from there , but geeze , just put kilometers on all the roadsigns in a different color for a generation , then in another generation remove the mile numbers . Have all the characters all the pop culture make fun of the old fogies that say how much they weight in pounds and how tall they are in feet . Oh and guys can start bragging about how many cm their cranks are . Weight ? You 're 140 ? How would you like to weigh 63 overnight ? Done . Easy .
Sorry , that was a hell of a tangent .
In the second to last panel Sydney 's really trying to say “ I 'm distracting you from your pain with different pain. ” I considered changing it , but between extra strong Harem smushing their hand and all the flailing , I thought it was ok that they are n't belting out Sorkin-esque perfect dialog . People sometimes flub their lines in real life .
Edit : So I thought I 'd explain what 's going on in this page as some people are a little confused . Strawberry blonde Harem 's wrist got broken during the big battle , so they immediately de-teleported that one which puts them in a timeless storage of sorts . Effectively they cease to exist until that copy of them is recalled . In other words , they do n't feel the pain of the broken wrist . When they finally port back in , they feel the freshly broken wrist which is why they wanted to do it right in front of the doc , who can start healing it right away , thus minimizing the amount of time she 's in pain .
Edit 2 : Ok I did some art edits tonight to make some things clearer . Panel 6 is zoomed out a little so it 's clear Harem is grabbing Sydney 's hand , and panel 8 is zoomed way out to show Sydney flopping on the table . Apparently people thought they were doing a poorly executed flying arm bar on Harem which come to think of it is actually funnier , but was definitely confusing people . Hopefully that clears it up for everyone anyway . Here 's the old version if you 're curious .
Patreon supporters can view this page at twice the size ! ( as soon as I wake up and post it then immediately go back to sleep since Patreon does n't have a way to schedule posts yet . ) $ 1 and up , but feel free to contribute as much as you like : )
Here 's the link to the new comments highlighter for chrome , and the GitHub link which you can use to install on FireFox via Greasemonkey .
When you 've won 11 games in three straight seasons and defeated Clemson , your biggest rival , for five straight years , what in the world would possess Steve Spurrier to keep doing what he 's doing at 69 years old ?
`` That SEC title is part of it , '' said South Carolina 's coach for going on 10 years . `` Been chasing that forever it seems like . Maybe we 'll get it , maybe not . We 're going to keep trying . ''
The only thing that Spurrier has n't done at South Carolina , the thing that still drives him , is won their elusive seventh SEC championship .
Spurrier won five SEC championships in six years at Florida ( 1991-96 ) and picked up their sixth championship in 2000 . They left Florida after the 2001 season and spent two seasons in the NFL with the Washington Redskins . They then took a year off before agreeing to replace Lou Holtz at South Carolina .
It must not matter that he 's losing one of those players of a lifetime , defensive end Jadeveon Clowney , and a few others on defense , because in the AL.com/Birmingham News ' 68th annual Spring SEC Football Report , their Gamecocks and Nick Saban 's Alabama Crimson Tide are the teams to beat .
According to voters in the 2014 report -- the league 's 14 football information directors -- Alabama and South Carolina are the choices to win their respective divisions and meet in the Dec. 6 SEC Championship Game in Atlanta .
South Carolina received five first place votes from the Eastern Division football information directors to top its division with 35 points . Alabama , in a battle with defending SEC champion Auburn , also got five first-place votes for a total of 35 points to edge the Tigers , who picked up two first-place votes and 32 points .
In the overall poll that is voted on by all 14 football information directors , Alabama and Auburn waged another close battle . The Crimson Tide received eight first-place votes to Auburn 's six to finish with 164 points . The Tigers were second with 152 .
Where Alabama received five seconds , Auburn received four seconds , three third-place votes and one SEC school apparently does n't think the Tigers can chase another division title , voting them ninth . By leading the overall poll , the Tide becomes the preseason pick to leave the Georgia Dome as the SEC champion .
South Carolina was third with 134 points , and Georgia was fourth with 131 . A school 's football information director could not vote for their school in the polls .
Following Alabama and Auburn in the West was LSU with 26 points . Texas A & M was fourth with 20 , Ole Miss was fifth with 15 and Mississippi State and Arkansas rounded out the division voting with 11 and 7 points , respectively .
In the East , Georgia was second with 30 points and defending East champion Missouri was third with 24 points .
The SEC champion is a gim me to reach the new four-team college football playoff , so if Saban 's Tide can do what the voters think , check off one team down .
Of course , to get to Atlanta means beating your rival in the Iron Bowl , a team many believe will be part of a 1-2 SEC punch in the playoffs when it 's all said and done . Losing to the Tigers in the final seconds last season has become almost a battle cry for Alabama in the offseason , while Auburn is using its 34-31 loss in the final seconds to Florida State in the BCS Championship Game as motivation to deliver a little something extra to make it another season to remember .
In Auburn 's case , the offense is loaded , while Saban 's is minus three-year starter AJ McCarron . That piece of the puzzle -- will it be spring No . 1 Blake Sims or FSU transfer Jacob Coker , or neither of them -- has to rank as one of the biggest to overcome among national championship contenders this fall .
And Saban knows it .
`` Quarterback is a critical position , but we do n't have to make that decision until early in the season , '' Saban said coming out of the spring . `` Then we 'll decide who has made the most improvement -- who is in the best position to play winning football ? All of our quarterbacks have done a good job this spring , and we expect the same from Jacob when they get here . ''
Just do n't pencil in Coker throwing to Amari Cooper and handing off to T.J. Yeldon and Derrick Henry just yet . And there is work to do on defense , too , or was it a figment of our imagination that the secondary was n't what it used to be last season ?
Spurrier at least starts out knowing who their quarterback is , and that 's after losing Connor Shaw , the most successful quarterback in school history with a record of 27-5 in games that they started .
Waiting to take over is Dylan Thompson , their backup for the past three seasons .
`` We feel good with Dylan , '' said Spurrier . `` He 's a fifth-year player , and they want to be our quarterback . He 's played in some big games and played very well for us over the years . ''
Replacing Clowney and the fear factor they brought to the field probably is n't going to happen , but that 's where going to a 3-4 defense might pick up the slack , says defensive coordinator Lorenzo Ward .
`` We do n't have a dominating defensive end , so we 're probably going to have to do something different , '' said Ward . `` We have a lot of good young talent at linebacker . ''
To see the East and West voting , click here :
To see the overall poll , click here :
Here is the All-SEC team
FIRST TEAM OFFENSE
Wide receivers
Sammie Coates , 6-1 , 202 , Jr. , Auburn
Amari Cooper , 6-1 , 202 , Jr. , Alabama
Tight end
O.J . Howard , 6-6 , 237 , So. , Alabama
Center
Reese Dismukes , 6-3 , 295 , Sr. , Auburn
Guards
Jarvis Harrison , 6-4 , 325 , Sr. , Texas A & M
A.J . Cann , 6-4 , 318 , Sr. , South Carolina
Tackles
La'El Collins , 6-5 , 315 , Sr. , LSU
Cedric Ogbuehi , 6-4 , 315 , Sr. , Texas A & M
Quarterback
Nick Marshall , 6-1 , 210 , Sr. , Auburn
Running backs
Todd Gurley , 6-1 , 232 , Jr. , Georgia
Mike Davis , 5-9 , 215 , Jr. , South Carolina
Punter
Drew Kaser , 6-3 , 220 , Jr. , Texas A & M
FIRST TEAM DEFENSE
Linemen
Trey Flowers , 6-4 , 256 , Sr. , Arkansas
Dante Fowler Jr. , 6-3 , 265 , Jr. , Florida
Robert Nkemdiche , 6-5 , 270 , So. , Ole Miss
Chris Jones , 6-5 , 255 , So. , Miss . State
Linebackers
Ramik Wilson , 6-2 , 232 , Sr. , Georgia
A.J . Johnson , 6-2 , 243 , Sr. , Tennessee
Trey DePriest , 6-2 , 245 , Sr. , Alabama
Cornerbacks
Vernon Hargreaves III , 5-11 , 181 , So. , Florida
Jalen Mills , 6-0 , 185 , Jr. , LSU
Safeties
Cody Prewitt , 6-2 , 215 , Sr. , Ole Miss
Landon Collins , 6-0 , 215 , Jr. , Alabama
Placekicker
Marshall Morgan , 6-3 , 200 , Jr. , Georgia
SECOND TEAM OFFENSE
Wide receivers
Marquez North , 6-4 , 215 , So. , Tennessee
Jameon Lewis , 5-9 , 195 , Sr. , Miss . State
Tight end
Malcolm Johnson , 6-2 , 235 , Sr. , Miss . State
Center
Evan Boehm , 6-3 , 315 , Jr. , Missouri
Guards
Vadal Alexander , 6-6 , 350 , Jr. , LSU
Alex Kozan , 6-4 , 290 , So. , Auburn
Tackles
Laremy Tunsil , 6-4 , 320 , So. , Ole Miss
Darrian Miller , 6-5 , 285 , Sr. , Kentucky
Quarterback
Dak Prescott , 6-2 , 230 , Jr. , Miss . State
Running backs
T.J. Yeldon , 6-2 , 218 , Jr. , Alabama
Cameron Artis-Payne , 5-11 , 210 , Jr. , Auburn
Punter
Devon Bell , 6-2 , 185 , Jr. , Miss . State
SECOND TEAM DEFENSE
Linemen
Alvin Dupree , 6-4 , 255 , Sr. , Kentucky
Markus Golden , 6-3 , 260 , Sr. , Missouri
Carl Lawson , 6-2 , 261 , So. , Auburn
A'Shawn Robinson , 6-4 , 320 , So. , Alabama
Linebackers
Benardrick McKinney , 6-5 , 235 , So. , Miss . State
Serderius Bryant , 5-9 , 224 , Sr. , Ole Miss
Kwon Alexander , 6-2 , 215 , Jr. , LSU
Cornerbacks
Tre'Davious White , 5-10 , 170 , So. , LSU
Jonathon Mincy , 5-10 , 196 , Sr. , Auburn
Safeties
Braylon Webb , 6-0 , 205 , Sr. , Missouri
Robenson Therezie , 5-9 , 212 , Sr. , Auburn
Placekicker
Colby Delahoussaye , 5-10 , 175 , So. , LSU
The married couple said they married publicly because they want the world to know that is okay to be both gay and Muslim .
A gay man reportedly became the first Muslim to marry their husband in the UK on Monday .
Jahed Choudhury , aged 24 , from Darlaston , held a public ceremony with their partner Sean Rogan , 19 , in order to show `` that you can be gay and Muslim '' .
`` I want to say to all people going through the same thing that it 's okay – we 're going to show the whole world that you can be gay and Muslim , '' Jahed said .
Jahed said that they are currently banned from attending their local mosque and the treatment they had received from their local Bangladeshi community had caused them to attempt suicide .
They said they tried to convert themselves to heterosexuality and went on a number of religious pilgrimages to Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh to force a change , but without success .
I want to say to all people going through the same thing that it 's okay – we 're going to show the whole world that you can be gay and Muslim Their family did not attend their wedding at the Walsall registry office , as they believe theirs being homosexual is a disease that can be cured , they said .
`` People would spit on me , empty rubbish bins on me , call me a pig and the Muslim people would shout 'haram ' , '' Jahed told their local newspaper , the Express & Star .
`` I tried killing myself and I then met Sean .
`` The housing association got us a house in a week and we 've been living together ever since . I proposed on Sean 's birthday last June . ''
The couple met while Choudhury was crying on a bench and Rogan stopped to check if they were OK .
`` People at the mosque should understand that it 's not wrong , '' Rogan said .
`` It 's not a phase , you do n't go through it – I knew I was gay since I was six , but I did n't come out to my parents until I was 16 . ''
It was not possible to confirm if this was the first Muslim gay marriage , as the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) does not routinely record religions at non-religious ceremonies .
If you are affected by issues raised in this article , Imaan UK may be able to offer support .
“ More than 100 men ” confirmed or suspected of being homosexual in the overwhelmingly Muslim Republic of Chechnya , an autonomous province within the Russian Federation , have been sent to a “ concentration camp ” where they are being tortured and killed , report various news outlets , citing the independent Moscow-based newspaper Novaya Gazeta and LGBT community activists .
“ In Chechnya , the command was given for a ‘ prophylactic sweep ' and it went as far as real murders , ” reports the independent Russian opposition newspaper .
Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov , a key ally of Russian strongman Vladimir Putin , reportedly ordered the crackdown , a claim that their administration denies .
“ You can not arrest or repress people who just do n't exist in the republic , ” Kadyrov spokesperson Alvi Karimov told the Russian news agency Interfax .
“ If such people existed in Chechnya , law enforcement would not have to worry about them since their own relatives would have sent them to where they could never return , ” added the official from the administration of President Kadyrov , who introduced Islamic rule to Chechnya .
Novaya Gazeta notes that its report on the “ mass detentions ” of gay men in the Muslim-majority region has been confirmed by various sources , including officials from the autonomous region 's government and top law enforcement agency — the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) .
According to the newspaper , “ more than 100 ” gay men in Chechnya have already been detained at several camps where the prisoners are tortured , killed , or forced to promise to leave the Russian province .
Torture involves homosexuals being beaten several times a day , electrocuted , and forced to sit on bottles , reports Novaya Gazeta .
At least three homosexuals have been killed , it also notes , adding , “ Our sources say that there are many more victims . ”
The age of the homosexual victims ranges from as young as 16 to men in their 50s .
Novaya Gazeta reveals that authorities are finding the gay men with the help of relatives and even real estate agents who are likely “ forced to put cameras in apartments and in this way get dirt on the victims . ”
It adds that “ honor killings , ” described as “ a measure that allows family members to wash away shame by killing the culprit of this shame , ” remains widespread in Chechnya as in many other predominantly Muslim areas .
Tanya Lokshina , an official from Human Rights Watch in Moscow , told Daily Mail , “ It is difficult to overstate just how vulnerable LGBT people are in Chechnya , where homophobia is intense and rampant . LGBT people are in danger not only of persecution by the authorities but also of falling victim to ‘ honor killings ' by their own relatives for tarnishing family honor . ”
While some English-language new agencies report that the gay men are being sent to a “ concentration camp , ” Novaya Gazeta says they authorities are holding them in various prison camps .
“ Chechnya has opened the first concentration camp for homosexuals since Hitler , where campaigners say gay men are being tortured with electric shocks and beaten to death , ” reports Daily Mail .
Some victims have managed to survive the brutal ordeal .
“ Those who have escaped said they are detained in the same room and people are kept altogether [ sic ] , around 30 or 40 , ” declared Svetlana Zakharova of the Russian LGBT Network told Daily Mail . “ They are tortured with electric currents and heavily beaten , sometimes to death . ”
Various pro-gay groups are reportedly trying to evacuate LGBT Chechens .
Human rights group Amnesty International has urged the Russia to investigate the allegations .
“ Homosexuals in Chechnya are treated very harshly and prosecuted daily and they are afraid to talk about it , ” Alexander Artemyev from Amnesty International in Russia told Daily Mail .
“ They either have to hide or leave the republic , ” also said Artemyev .
Consistent with the Islamic rules employed in many Muslim-majority countries , coming out as a homosexual is “ tantamount to a death sentence ” in the predominantly Muslim Republic of Chechnya , points out Novaya Gazeta .
Chechen President Kadyrov introduced Islamic rule in the region , notes Daily Mail .
Shariah law , the strict Islamic rules that govern all aspects of Muslim life , calls for the execution of people who engage in homosexual acts . The mandate is deeply ingrained in Shariah law and has been affirmed by various Muslim scholars . Shariah law draws on the Quran .
Out fear of being detained , some Chechen gay men shut down their social media accounts . Meanwhile , others took to the internet to warn other homosexuals about the threat despite the risk , notes Novaya Gazeta .
The New York Times reports that authorities use social media to lure gay men into dates and arrest them .
Chechen authorities have imprisoned gay men from all corners of the region 's society including “ prominent , influential and [ Muslim ] religious leaders close to the head of the republic , as well as two well-known Chechen TV personalities , ” reports Novaya Gazeta .
1 . Data Science
Data science is an umbrella term for a collection of techniques from many distinct areas such as computer science , statistics , machine learning to name just a few . The main objective is to extract information from data and turn it into knowledge which you can base your further decisions on . It sounds easy , but it 's not necessarily always straightforward . Usually the process comprises many steps starting with a research question . Once you know what you want to study , you need to obtain the right data , clean it , explore it , create and evaluate a model , repeat this cycle a couple of times , and finally you are ready to start looking for a way how to properly communicate your results .
The Python for Data Analysis book is a great starting point , it guides you through all these stages and helps you to get this workflow under your skin .
A definition of ´Data Scientist´ by Josh Wills
2 . Data Set
First of all you need an interesting data set to play with . Either you already have your own data ( congratulations ! ) or you need to acquire some . We happen to be living in the age of information overload which probably means that data is everywhere and it 's easy to get it , right ? Yes and no .
Data is wherever you look , however , it 's not always trivial to get what you want . The path of the least resistance when searching for data is to explore publicly available data sets . People tend to organize them in curated lists such as ‘ Awesome Public Datasets ' by Xiaming Chen , alternatively you can use one of data repositories like datahub.io . If you do n't succeed , you can try to find a public API and collect the precious data yourself . Chances are high that such an API is not available or is very limited , then you have to find a way to extract the data by other means , for example , by scraping webpages . This approach typically requires some data-cleaning steps , which might be costly in terms of time and effort .
3 . Statistics
Having a good understanding of statistics is extremely helpful when performing data analysis . A rule of thumb says that the first step after getting a data set is to have a quick look at it , and some basic descriptive statistics is a good friend of yours here . If your data set contains numerical variables , you might be interested in their distributions — their center ( i.e. , mean ) and how spread they are ( i.e. , variance ) .
In short , statistics offers you a toolbox for understanding your data , distinguishing between causation and correlation , analyzing patterns , modeling , predicting , etc . Last but not least , statistics quantifies certainty of your outcomes and therefore gives you confidence in your results . In our ZEEF list you can find , among others , this awesome hands-on tutorial called “ An Introduction to Statistics ” prepared by Thomas Haslwanter .
4 . Machine Learning
In layperson 's terms , the goal of machine learning algorithms is to learn to make decisions based on data . This approach , contrary to designing hard-coded algorithms , has huge benefits in a sense that one method can serve many purposes . Moreover , machine learning systems are designed to improve as new data come in . That 's exactly why your Amazon account looks different when you 're logged in than when you 're not — as you 're browsing their catalogue , it learns your preferences . Google search , to mention another example , is constantly learning the importance of webpages . You do n't have time to manually inspect those X thousands of results it returns , all you want is the ten blue links to be the best hits .
If you want to start with the machine learning right away , then you should visit the Joseph Misiti 's GitHub repository with a great hack-first-get-serious-later tutorial called Dive into Machine Learning . It uses Python and one of its most popular ML libraries , scikit-learn .
5 . Visualization
I 've already mentioned the descriptive power of statistics . Let me illustrate the importance of visualization on one example , where simple statistics is not enough : Anscombe 's quartet is a collection of four different data sets with two variables x and y. Interestingly , these data sets ( despite looking very different visually ) appear nearly the same through the lens of statistics . They share almost identical values of the following properties : mean of x , sample variance of x , mean of y , correlation between x and y , and linear regression line , yet in fact they 're very dissimilar .
Data visualization is important both when analyzing data and when conveying your findings . Human eyes and brain are great co-workers when it comes to recognition of patterns . They make it easy for us to immediately spot relationships , trends , outliers or anomalies in visualizations , especially for low-dimensional data . Whenever possible , you should try to leverage the enormous bandwidth of human 's visual system and explain your data in graphical form . I 'd recommend you to first get some inspiration in this amazing overview of visualizations based on D3.js library .
An animated visualization of cultural mobility in the world between 600 BC and present , revealing migration patterns of people . Animation is based on publication of M. Schich et al. , with data extracted from publicly available Freebase knowledge base .
6 . MOOC
Data science in various forms is being introduced as a new program on many universities around the world . Massive online courses go hand-in-hand with this trend and already you can find a plethora of free or very affordable courses that will guide you from Introduction Data Science , through Data Analysis and Statistical Inference , Data Mining or Data Visualization to Machine Learning lectured by Andrew Ng .
7 . Challenges
Now , when you have all the pieces together , it 's time to apply your knowledge in practice . And what can be more fun than participating in a competition ? Data science challenges , such as Kaggle , are a great opportunity to test your own abilities and to learn from others ( you 'll also get nice data for free ) . On top of that , if you manage to win you can be offered a dream job or at least a lot of money . If that does n't tickle your fancy , there is also another , more noble , reward in some competitions ( e.g. , DrivenData.org ) : saving the world !
I hope you have found these tips and resource useful , especially if you 're starting your first data-related project . The field is evolving incredibly fast and new resources are popping up every day . Keep in mind that it 's good to keep up with the latest trends , but it 's essential to learn the basics .
Make sure to check out my ZEEF page for more tutorials , blogs , libraries , data sets , etc . ( You can also contribute to the page by suggesting other quality Data Science links ) .
Have fun with Data !
Officials are investigating whether the use of lethal force against a 66-year-old woman who police said came at a police sergeant with a baseball bat was necessary . ( Reuters )
Authorities in New York were sharply critical Wednesday of a police sergeant who fatally shot a 66-year-old woman after responding to a call reporting an “ emotionally disturbed person . ”
Police said they were investigating the shooting that occurred in the Bronx apartment of Deborah Danner , who authorities said was trying to hit the officer with a baseball bat when they were shot . In blunt public statements on Wednesday , officials said Sgt . Hugh Barry did not follow their training and said they were seeking to determine why they fired their gun rather than their Taser .
“ The shooting of Deborah Danner is tragic and it is unacceptable , ” New York Mayor Bill de Blasio ( D ) said during a news conference Wednesday afternoon . “ It should never have happened . It 's as simple as that . It should never have happened . ”
New York Police Commissioner James O'Neill said earlier Wednesday that “ we failed ” and they wanted to know why .
“ Every life to me is precious , ” O'Neill said during a briefing . “ I think that we 've been in this business a very long time , we 've established procedures and protocols for handling emotionally disturbed people . That 's to keep everybody safe , that 's to keep the cops safe , the community safe and the person that we 're dealing with safe . ”
O'Neill said that while the department has protocols governing such calls , “ it looks like some of those procedures were n't followed. ” They pledged that police and prosecutors would investigate the shooting to “ figure out what went wrong . ”
[ The Washington Post 's police shootings database ]
The comments by de Blasio and O'Neill on Wednesday , which came almost immediately after the incident , were unusually prompt and pointed criticisms of an officer 's actions . Officials across the country have been facing increasing pressure over the last two years to hold officers accountable after they use deadly force .
Police in New York have responded to more than 128,000 calls regarding people suffering emotional disturbances , said de Blasio , who was unaccompanied by police officials when they spoke and said they had discussed the incident with O'Neill .
“ Our officers , in the overwhelming majority of instances , handled those instances very well , with tremendous skill , with tremendous sensitivity , ” they said . “ That 's why this tragedy is so shocking . … Something went horribly wrong here . ”
Melissa Mark-Viverito , speaker of the New York City Council , echoed these comments and said they were “ deeply troubled ” by the shooting . “ Deborah Danner should have been helped , not killed , ” they said in a statement .
Ed Mullins , president of the Sergeants Benevolent Association , a union for active and retired New York police sergeants , chastised O'Neill for their comments on Wednesday .
O'Neill 's statements were “ denying due process by supplanting public opinion and putting an expectation of results in the minds of the people who will ultimately investigate the case , ” Mullins said in a statement . “ It only served to exacerbate the effects of a tragic situation , and was most certainly motivated by nothing other than political expediency . ”
Mullins said for the officer to “ be immediately vilified based on innuendo and the social and political climate only compounds the tragedy ” of the shooting .
The apartment building in New York where police say the shooting occurred . ( Mark Lennihan/AP )
According to a narrative released by the police department , officers responded to a neighbor 's 911 call shortly after after 6 p.m. Tuesday and headed to Danner 's seventh-floor apartment on Pugsley Avenue .
Danner was known to police after “ several incidents ” involving similar calls about her , Assistant Police Chief Larry W. Nikunen , commanding officer of Patrol Borough Bronx , said during a news conference Tuesday night . De Blasio said police knew they “ suffered from mental illness . ”
When Barry went inside Danner 's apartment at about 6:15 p.m. , they were holding scissors , Nikunen said . The sergeant talked with Danner and persuaded them to put the scissors down , but they then picked up a baseball bat and tried to hit Barry , prompting them to fire two shots at their torso , Nikunen said .
Danner was taken to Jacobi Hospital and pronounced dead .
“ The sergeant was armed with a Taser , it was not deployed , and the reason it was not deployed will be part of the investigation and review , ” Nikunen said .
`` My commitment as police commissioner is to get to the answers of what happened , '' @ NYPDOneill on police involved shooting in the Bronx — NYPD NEWS ( @ NYPDnews ) October 19 , 2016
While Nikunen began reading their remarks , a voice in the crowd yelled out , “ Black lives matter . ”
O'Neill said that Barry had attended training in 2014 that focused on de-escalating situations . Barry has been placed on modified duty and stripped of their badge and gun , de Blasio said .
A spokesperson for New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said that their office was “ reviewing the incident to determine whether or not it falls within ” their jurisdiction , created by an executive order last year , to investigate some deaths at the hands of police .
“ We extend our deepest condolences to Ms. Danner 's family , ” Amy Spitalnick , the spokesperson , said in a statement .
[ Police are on pace to fatally shoot about as many people in 2016 as they did in 2015 ]
“ I was gutted ” when I heard the news , said Charles Hargreaves , an attorney who had represented Danner in a case . When they met with her , Danner “ was talking about the stigma of people who are mentally ill , ” said Hargreaves , an attorney with the Mental Hygiene Legal Service , a state agency .
Hargreaves said Danner had sent them essays they had written about police officers who did n't have proper training responding to mentally ill people .
Danner was among at least 772 people fatally shot by a police officer this year , according to a Washington Post database tracking such shootings .
About a quarter of these shootings involved people who were reported to be mentally ill or suffering an emotional crisis , The Post 's database shows , a similar share to what was found last year .
Experts say these kinds of shootings highlight an issue involving just how often police are called to respond to someone suffering from either a mental or emotional crisis and whether officers are properly trained to handle such calls .
In most cases last year involving people with mental illness fatally shot by officers , authorities were responding after a relative or bystander called because they were worried about the person 's erratic behavior .
Jay Ruderman , president of the Ruderman Family Foundation , which advocates for people with disabilities , said in a statement that the shooting “ highlights the need for police to have better awareness of how to interact with people with disabilities in order to prevent more fatal tragedies . ”
[ A man called police to help their distressed wife . They wound up killing her . ]
Just two days before the Bronx shooting , police in Texas fatally shot a woman whose husband had called 911 seeking a mental health officer and warning that their wife had picked up a gun .
Authorities said that Micah Dsheigh Jester , the Austin woman , pointed a weapon at officers saying , “ Shoot me . Shoot me . Kill me , ” and that they were shot as they kept approaching the police .
They fell to the sidewalk , still asking the officers to shoot them and not putting down their weapon , police said . They fired again and they were pronounced dead not long after . It later turned out their weapon was a replica BB gun , which can often appear real to police officers .
A shooting in El Cajon , Calif. , last month also prompted anger after officers fatally shot Alfred Olango , whose sister had called authorities worried about their erratic behavior .
On Monday , a day before Danner was shot in New York , police in El Cajon said they arrested eight people who had gathered and were angry a memorial for Olango had been removed . Authorities said some officers had been assaulted , and police said one person had pulled out a handgun before being tackled by demonstrators .
Further reading :
Distraught people , deadly results : Officers often lack the training to approach the mentally unstable
Are n't more white people than black people killed by police ? Yes , but no .
Fatal shootings by police were up halfway through 2016
The number of police officers fatally shot fell last year . This year 's toll is already higher than all of last year .
This story , first published at 9:10 a.m. , has been updated to include additional information throughout the day .
Karnataka will consider banning the Hindu fringe group Sri Ram Sene , in the State , Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said here on Friday , mentioning that Goa has already done so .
“ The government will not allow moral policing . Police have been instructed to crack down on moral policing and book the repeat offenders under the Goonda Act , ” they added . They were in the City on Friday to inaugurate the police commissionerate .
The chief minister said that the government would soon decide its next course of action on the medium of instruction in primary schools as the Supreme Court has dismissed its review petition on the matter . The next step will be decided once the order copy is available , they said . Karnataka had approached the Supreme Court for a review of its order on medium of instruction . A Constitution bench dismissed the petition .
About the floods in Kashmir , Siddaramaiah said 100 of the 640 tourists from Karnataka had returned home . A team of officials led by IAS officer Ramandeep Choudhary has been co-ordinating rescue efforts and provide relief to stranded tourists from the State . The team has been given the authority to take decisions on financial matters as well , they explained .
The chief minister refuted the Opposition 's allegations that the government did not provide timely help to people in flood-affected parts of Karnataka . “ I myself visited the flood-affected areas . District in-charge ministers and secretaries supervised the relief operations . Funds have been released to help those affected , ” they added .
Karnataka has sent a memorandum to the Union government seeking Rs 426 crore in aid . A Central team is expected to visit Karnataka to assess the losses , and if needed , a delegation from the State would go to Delhi , Siddaramaiah said .
Cabinet expansion
They said that the date for Cabinet expansion has not been fianlised . There are four vacancies but too many aspirants , including senior legislators . The high command has to take a decision , including whether Belgaum district should get another minister .
On the allegation by Kannada organisations that the government had ignored the problems of Kannadigas living in border areas , they said that the question did not arise . They stated that the border dispute between Karnataka and Maharashtra had been settled and Belgaum was an integral part of the State .
The cartel member suspected of shooting and killing Border Patrol agent Brian Terry in 2010 with a gun supplied by the U.S. government was arrested in Mexico Wednesday , senior law enforcement , Border Patrol , and congressional sources told Fox News .
Photo of Agent Brian Terry , 40
Exclusive Via Fox News :
The suspect , Heraclio Osorio-Arellanes , was apprehended by a joint U.S.-Mexico law enforcement task force that included the Drug Enforcement Administration , U.S . Marshals and the Border Patrol Tactical Unit ( BORTAC ) .
A $ 250,000 reward had been sought for information leading to the arrest of Osorio-Arellanes , who was captured at a ranch on the border of the Mexican states of Sinaloa and Chihuahua . U.S. authorities have said they will seek their extradition .
Terry was killed on Dec. 14 , 2010 in a gunfight between Border Patrol agents and members of a five-man cartel “ rip crew , ” which regularly patrolled the desert along the U.S.-Mexico border looking for drug dealers to rob .
The agent 's death exposed Operation Fast and Furious , a Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ( ATF ) operation in which the federal government allowed criminals to buy guns in Phoenix-area shops with the intention of tracking them once they made their way into Mexico . But the agency lost track of more than 1,400 of the 2,000 guns they allowed smugglers to buy . Two of those guns were found at the scene of Terry 's killing .
The operation set off a political firestorm , and then-Attorney General Eric Holder was held in contempt of Congress after they refused to divulge documents for a congressional investigation .
Spurs vs Clippers Game 7 NBA Playoff Pick Against the Spread
It was obvious before the NBA playoffs even began that the series featurning the San Antonio Spurs and the LA Clippers would be the best to watch and wager on . The series has not disappointed and we will have a game seven . In a winner-take-all , elimination game , the Spurs and the Clippers will do battle one last time .
SPORTSBETTING.AG is offering an exclusive sign up bonus 50 % up to $ 500 for BookieBlitz.com members only . Click here and place your bets on the NBA playoffs !
Take advantage of their live betting $ 25 free play and the mobile betting $ 50 free play too !
Make sure to enter bonus code : GET50
Spurs vs Clippers Game 7 Odds
The NBA odds for Clippers vs Spurs Game 7 shows that the Clippers are ( -2 ) favorites and the total is set at 204 , which makes this a toss-up game between two teams that should be considered title contenders .
Spurs vs Clippers Game 7 Consensus
The basketball betting consensus shows just how close that this series has been . As of the writing of this article , 52 % of the bets are coming in on the Clippers , which shows that the basketball betting consensus is split on who will win this crucial game .
Spurs vs Clippers Game 7 Matchup
As this graphic show , the Clippers were able to force a game seven because their starters were dominant .
This is a rare spot for the Clippers . The Clippers have never won a best-of-seven series when they trailed 3-2 . They will have to rely on their big men to keep up their good play . Blake Griffin ( 13.4 ) and DeAndre Jordan ( 13.0 ) are the first teammates to average 13 rebounds in a series since the Spurs ' David Robinson ( 15.7 ) and Dennis Rodman ( 15.4 ) did so in 1995 . While Chris Paul is averaging 9.9 assists per game in the postseason , which is third all-time to Magic Johnson ( 11.2 ) and John Stockton ( 10.5 ) . If the Spurs have a strength in this series it is their bench play . The Spurs ' bench entered Thursday averaging 44.6 points in the series compared to 23.8 by the Clippers . The Clippers could be shorthanded for this pivotal game .
Big Baby Davis is questionable for Game 7 ( complete with the most agile Big Baby photo ever ) : http : //t.co/0spUKWcXeu pic.twitter.com/C87bO1BuOh — Jeremy Woo ( @ Jeremy_Woo ) May 1 , 2015
Greg Popovick had some harsh comments for their team after the game 6 loss .
“ Our execution at the offensive end was really poor , ” Popovich said during their postgame press conference streamed on NBA.com , adding that San Antonio played “ soft ” on at least three separate occasions during this dissection . “ No excuse for it . Just poor . We should be embarrassed in the way we came out for a closeout game , in every regard .
How will their team react ?
Spurs vs Clippers Game 7 Trends
The Spurs are 5-11 ATS in their last 16 road games vs. a team with a home winning % of greater than .600 and 4-9 ATS in their last 13 Conference Quarterfinals games.The Clippers are 5-13 ATS in their last 18 Conference Quarterfinals games and 1-7 ATS in their last 8 home games .
Spurs vs Clippers Game 7 Pick
The Clippers have the home court advantage and that will be a big deal in a game that could come down to the last minute and always be remembered as an instant classic . Clippers win and eliminate the Spurs !
Spurs vs Clippers Game 7 Predictions
Clippers 104 Spurs 101
Spurs vs Clippers Game 7 Play : Clippers -2
SPORTSBETTING.AG is offering an exclusive sign up bonus 50 % up to $ 500 for BookieBlitz.com members only . Click here and place your bets on the NBA playoffs !
Take advantage of their live betting $ 25 free play and the mobile betting $ 50 free play too !
Make sure to enter bonus code : GET50
See who the NBA Experts are picking for this game and every game in the playoffs by clicking here !
2015 NBA Playoff Previews , Picks and Predictions
Who Will win the West ?
Who will win the East ?
Who wills with the NBA Finals ?
A few weeks ago , I went to CVS to purchase some men 's body wash .
I did not buy the body wash because I enjoy the crisp , manly scent of Suave Sport Recharge ( though I honestly do n't know how anyone on Suave 's marketing team thought that “ sport recharge ” was a scent ) . I bought it because it was cheaper than the women 's body washes .
Fast forward a few days when I was getting ready to go out to a concert with some friends at a local bar . I was all showered , smelling as sporty and recharged as ever , when we arrived at the bar . The group of us , five girls and one guy , gave our IDs to the bouncer at the door and pulled out our wallets to pay the show fee . The man stopped us , “ Single ladies get in for free , ” they said . They smiled at us girls , and then pointed a thumb at our friend Brad , “ He just has to pay . ”
It was in this moment that I was officially enraged by gender-based price discrimination .
Initially , it does n't make sense . I paid less to see the concert , is n't that a good thing ? I do n't think so . Because after years of paying more than men for body wash , razors , clothing , haircuts and dry cleaning , I finally found mercy for my plight in product pricing at the hands of a bar bouncer who was only charging me less than an incentive to pack the bar with women for the benefit of the other men there .
Gender-based price discrimination is the act of selling the same product at different prices to different genders . It has been occurring for years , and it is an issue for all genders , not just women . A report by the Wall Street Journal found that New York nail salons have been known to charge men more for manicures . Car insurance companies are known to charge men more because they tend to drive more recklessly than women .
But overwhelming evidence shows that women are the ones that bare the brunt of this pricing discrimination . The New York Department of Consumer Affairs released a report that studied five different industries ( kids toys , kids clothes , adult clothes , adult personal care products and adult health care products ) and found that in every industry , female products cost more than male products . In 1994 , the state of California studied the issue of gender-based pricing of services and estimated that women effectively paid an annual “ gender tax ” of approximately $ 1,351 for the same services as men . Like , bruh . Do you know how fast that adds up ?
Again , guys are discriminated against as well , but concerts and bars that offer “ ladies night ” deals ( cough , The Bench , cough ) that charge women less for entry to its venue than men are a much more complicated story . Understandably , guys have been outspokenly angry about these “ ladies night ” deals , and they have every right to be . After all , they 're being charged more for nothing . But as a woman , can you imagine how aggravating it is to see that even an act that discriminates against men still finds a way to degrade women at the same time , and nobody is talking about it .
Men having to pay extra for entry to a bar or concert is wrong , but women are paying less in exchange for feeling devalued and exploited . I 'm not saying that all men are at the bar for the sole purpose of picking up other women , but that is a huge part of it . If it was n't , then why would the price difference exist ? Why would bars feel so inclined to pack the club with women instead of men ?
Companies should not incentivise women with cheap entry fees for the benefit of another gender , then claim that this deal is actually for them because they got to pay less at the door . Women are not putting in more work or time to earn a lower priced entry at bars . Men are not receiving any special treatment by having to pay more to get in . Women are being charged less for entry at these places because they are a sexually desired object . That is not beneficial – it is absurd .
Whether it 's buying body wash or packing bodies at a bar , I should feel equal to every other customer . I do n't really mind smelling sporty and recharged , but it would be nice to pay a cheaper price for products without being treated as something cheap as well .
Mashable to your circles . You 'll get the latest about new Google+ features and tips and tricks for using the platform as well as top social media and technology news . Using Google+ ? Addto your circles . You 'll get the latest about new Google+ features and tips and tricks for using the platform as well as top social media and technology news .
Google 's proliferation of the +1 button continued Wednesday as the company added the feature to image searches .
The button , which was introduced in March as an answer to Facebook 's `` Like , '' is equivalent to a stamp of approval from Google users . Over the past few months , +1s have appeared next to news articles , on websites and even in ads .
Why images ? In Google 's Inside Search blog , Xiaorui Gan , a software engineer at the company , describes the following scenario : `` Let 's say you 're looking to summit Mount Kilimanjaro and want to inspire a few of your climbing buddies to join you . You search for [ mount kilimanjaro summit ] and switch to Images mode to find rows and rows of photos testifying that this peak can indeed be conquered . By hovering over one of the images , you can quickly recommend this photo to your friends by clicking the +1 button . '' Soon , they continue , you 'll be able to see which photos in your search results they recommended as well .
While that seems like a contrived example , Google is clearly keen on integrating photos into its social media options . Earlier this month , Google began letting users +1 photos that appear in Google+ as well .
Meanwhile , in a test of Google 's Image Search , we were able to +1 an image , but our +1 did n't show up in searches yet . Perhaps Google is still working out the kinks for this feature .
What do you think ? Do you long to +1 images you like or do you think this is a superfluous feature ? Let us know in the comments .
Story highlights The officer says they used their debit card to pay for the alleged shoplifter 's food
Officer Vicki Thomas says she 's done such things before , as have other officers
Jessica Robles says they were desperate , their children were hungry
Robles , who is charged with a misdemeanor , promised to pay it forward someday
A single mom down on their luck was caught shoplifting at a Miami supermarket , but they did n't get hauled off to jail .
Instead , the officer who responded to the call from the Publix supermarket last month did something that brought the suspect to tears .
Jessica Robles told CNN affiliate WSVN they were desperate and had no money to pay for groceries for their daughter and two young sons . According to Miami-Dade Police , Robles walked out of the store in late September with a cart carrying $ 300 worth of groceries that they did n't pay for .
When Officer Vicki Thomas asked Robles why they did it , the young mother said their children were hungry .
Thomas looked at Robles ' criminal history and did n't find any major charges , WSVN reported . Instead of being taken into custody , Robles was issued a notice to appear in court and charged with a misdemeanor .
When the officer asked if they had food at home , Robles said , `` I looked at them in their face , and I told her , 'Not at all . ' ''
Robles ' 12-year-old daughter Anais described the family 's dire situation to WSVN .
It 's `` not fun , '' they said , `` to see my brother in the dirt hungry , asking for food , and we have to tell him , 'There is nothing here . ' ''
Thomas decided -- in addition to telling Robles about food banks , churches and other places they could get food -- they were going to help Robles and their family .
`` I made the decision to buy them some groceries because arresting them was n't going to solve the problem with their children being hungry , '' they said .
Thomas went back inside Publix and purchased $ 100 worth of groceries for the family . They told CNN on Tuesday they used their debit card .
`` I have done similar things before , and the people I work with have also done similar things , '' said Thomas , a 23-year police veteran .
Seeing Robles ' sons rummaging through the bags was more than reward enough for their act of generosity , Thomas told WSVN .
`` To see them go through the bags when we brought them in , it was like Christmas , '' they said . `` That $ 100 to me was worth it . ''
Robles said the family ran out of money after their boyfriend lost their job and a paperwork issue stopped the federal assistance they had been receiving .
Thomas told Robles they were going to require one favor in return for the free groceries .
`` The only thing I asked of them is , when they get on their feet , that they help someone else out , '' the officer said . `` And they said they would . ''
Since the story came out , Thomas said they had n't talked to Robles -- though they would like to -- but has been `` overwhelmed with people thanking me , '' including some fellow officers . One man even called police offering to buy groceries for the family , they said .
The officer said she 's been most moved by the public gratitude of Anais , whom they did not meet that day .
`` Her 'thank you ' touched me a great deal , '' Thomas said . `` She was very sincere , and that made it all worthwhile . ''
Spread the love
Denver , CO — The homeless population of the United States is constantly under attack by law enforcement , for the crime of being poor and living on the streets . For people who are down on their luck and out in the cold , the police are sadly more of a concern than the elements or common criminals .
In Denver , for example , local police have sparked national controversy after video of them stealing blankets from homeless people went viral this week . The police confiscated the blankets and camping gear claiming that the property was being held as “ evidence. ” The officers were enforcing a city-wide ban on “ urban camping , ” a measure that is popping up in cities across the country . These “ urban camping ” bans are an obvious assault on the homeless population who does not have a choice but to camp on the streets .
The following video was taken last week by local business owner Kayvan Khalatbari , who was disgusted with the show of force that they saw .
Another video taken by the journalists at “ Unicorn Riot ” showed officers stealing tents and other camping gear during the same time period .
After public outrage reached levels that were impossible for the local government to ignore , Mayor Michael Hancock was forced to release a statement to address the controversy . In the statement , Hancock said that the city will change their policy and that they will stop taking camping gear from homeless people . However , the law is still in effect and will still be enforced through fines and imprisonment .
“ As a city , we have a responsibility and moral obligation to protect the lives of our residents . Urban camping– especially during cold , wet weather — is dangerous and we do n't want to see any lives lost on the streets when there are safe , warm places available for people to sleep at night . Every night , we have beds open for people to sleep and every day we have safe places and resources to help people experiencing homelessness , ” Mayor Hancock said .
“ Every step we take is intended to connect people with safe and warm places and critical supportive services . We never intended to take the belongings that people need to keep warm . Therefore , I have directed Denver police to cease taking camping equipment , like tents and blankets , when enforcing the unauthorized camping ordinance through the end of April , ” they added .
At face value this seems harmless and caring , however , forcing homeless people into shelters is not a realistic solution , and it is not a solution that respects their freedom as individuals , or their right to exist . In our coverage of homeless issues , the Free Thought Project has interviewed many people who have lived on the streets and we were informed that a large number of these people would rather live in a tent on the street than packed into a homeless shelter .
Homeless shelters are a valuable resource , but only if a person enters one voluntarily on their own will . For a person who would rather brave the elements , being forced into a homeless shelter can be similar to being thrown in a prison . Many people prefer the freedom of a cold winter in a tent , as opposed to the institutionalized feel of a shelter , and these people should be free to make that choice .
Scottish Football 's Big Kit Round-Up : All of Next Season 's Strips So Far
It 's almost the end of the season – and new kits being revealed is arguably the most exciting thing about it .
As the league and cup campaigns reach the most exciting parts , clubs are showing fans what their heroes will be wearing from next season onwards .
Not every club has made their big reveal yet , but plenty have had their photo shoots and are busy appealing to supporters to part with their hard-earned cash .
Here , we round up all of the new kits revealed so far in Scottish football – plus the rumoured kits for those who have n't revealed :
Premiership
Aberdeen – Confirmed
The new Aberdeen FC home kit is available in store and online now at https : //t.co/cEQTbRH1xq ! # StandFree pic.twitter.com/xpZKbSnhfV — Aberdeen FC ( @ AberdeenFC ) May 15 , 2017
Celtic – Confirmed
Hearts – Unconfirmed
@ pieandbov Apparemtly this may be hearts new home kit ? ? ? ? pic.twitter.com/8NNsBOVPRI — Cameron Hill ( @ Cameron_Hill00 ) May 15 , 2017
Inverness – Confirmed
Partick – Unconfirmed
Fans can vote for their favourite from these two .
Ross County – Confirmed
We will be taking online orders for our new home kit from Friday 19th May # Staggies pic.twitter.com/Vi7uD3OUQG — Ross County FC ( @ RCFCStaggies ) May 16 , 2017
Championship
Dundee United – Confirmed
Falkirk – Confirmed
NEWS : 2017/2018 Home and Away strips will be on sale from Monday morning at 09:30 . Get your new top in time for the play-offs ! # COYB pic.twitter.com/0swJJVzELF — Falkirk FC ( @ falkirkbairns ) May 12 , 2017
Morton – Confirmed
Supporters snapped up our new red tartan away kit at a hugely successful launch at Smiths of Greenock yesterday : https : //t.co/sMAXZ4je3E pic.twitter.com/U7UG67JHid — Greenock Morton ( @ Morton_FC ) May 2 , 2017
Queen of the South – Confirmed
Introducing … 17/18 kits | Both home and away tops available to pre-order now https : //t.co/o82RKdAmA6 | We 'd love to hear what you think pic.twitter.com/CG58L31xwP — Queen of the South ( @ OfficialQosFC ) April 27 , 2017
League Two
Clyde – Confirmed
NEWS | The 'Clyde Generations ' strip will be retained as The Bully Wee 's home kit for the 2017-18 season : https : //t.co/kEXh8StG5h pic.twitter.com/xYEzGXvlcn — Clyde FC ( @ ClydeFC ) April 20 , 2017
We can now reveal the design for our new Hummel Sport away kit for the 2017-18 season . # bullywee pic.twitter.com/0Nx7IcuZhr — Clyde FC ( @ ClydeFC ) May 10 , 2017
Montrose – Confirmed
That 's it for now – but we 'll be regularly updating this article throughout the off-season when teams reveal their new kits .
What 's your favourite ? Are you happy with your club 's design ?
Let us know in the comments below ..
Norwich MP Clive Lewis will vote for first stage of Brexit bill - but leaves door open to later rebellion
Labour Norwich South candidate Clive Lewis making sure that supporters in Unthank Road have cast their vote . Photo : Steve Adams Copyright Archant Norfolk 2015
Clive Lewis will vote to set the Article 50 trigger bill in motion - but has hinted they will be willing to defy their party 's whip if the government 's Brexit bill is not changed .
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in .
The Norwich MP signalled they will vote for a second reading giving MPs a chance to make amendments , but will withdraw their support if concessions are not made .
In an interview with the Eastern Daily Press and Norwich Evening News they insisted they respected the result of the referendum and would follow Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and the government through the division lobby next week .
But said they would “ vote accordingly ” if red lines , a veto and report back mechanisms were not sufficient .
They said that the Supreme Court decision had “ quite rightly ” given parliament the chance to have a say on Article 50 and what Brexit looks like .
“ The second reading will allow parliament to have a say through the committee stage and put down amendments on the red lines and reporting back mechanisms .
“ I am a democrat . I have said you have to respect the will of the referendum . It follows that you have to give parliament a chance to do the best thing . This is what the second reading is about . We will put down those red lines and markers and reporting back mechanisms . I will , along with the rest of the Labour Party , make sure we hold this government to account .
But they added that they were “ mindful most of the people in Norwich voted remain ” .
They said they had been doing a survey in which many people who had voted to remain had acknowledged that Britain had to leave the EU .
“ They want to make sure they get the best possible outcome .
“ The supreme court has ensured their MP gets a say on this debate and gets to try to shape how we leave and what it looks like . At the end , gives the British people a say through parliament on this .
“ If I am not happy with what comes out at the end , that is another matter . Let 's see what comes out of the third reading .
“ If I do not believe at the final reading that the Article 50 on the table in terms of report back mechanisms , red lines on negotiations and a final parliamentary veto on the deal concluded is sufficient and in the interests of the people of Norwich and the country I will vote accordingly . ”
What is the passage of the bill ?
The Government has tabled its European Union ( Notification of Withdrawal ) Bill in the House of Commons .
But what happens before such proposals become law ?
: : The first step was to present the Bill before MPs which happened on Thursday . This is known as first reading and involves the title of the Bill being read out .
: : The second reading follows on Tuesday and Wednesday ( January 31 and February 1 ) and this is the first time MPs can debate the general principles and themes of the Bill , including what might have been included within it .
: : MPs decide at the end of the debate if the Bill can proceed further .
: : The Speaker chairing the debate will ask MPs to call out whether they agree or not . If it is not possible to determine whether the vote is in favour of the ayes ( yes ) or noes ( no ) then a vote - called a division - will take place .
: : The Committee stage - which is scheduled to start on Monday February 6 and finish on Wednesday February 8 - allows each part of the Bill to be debated in detail as well as any changes proposed to it . This can result in changes to the original text .
: : Committee stage usually takes place outside the Commons chamber , with only those MPs selected to serve on the committee allowed to vote on amendments .
: : But the European Union ( Notification of Withdrawal ) Bill will be considered in the Commons chamber - meaning every MP can vote on amendments chosen for debate .
: : The European Union ( Notification of Withdrawal ) Bill will then progress to third reading , which is a short debate on what is in it . This is also expected to take place on Wednesday February 8 .
: : No amendments can be made at this stage . A vote is held at the end . If MPs vote in favour then it will have completed the necessary stages in the Commons .
: : The Bill then proceeds to the House of Lords , where the stages are repeated .
: : If peers in the Lords make amendments to the text of the Bill , it will return to the Commons . At this stage , MPs will debate whether to keep the changes or get rid of them .
: : A procedure known as “ ping-pong ” occurs when the Bill repeatedly moves between the Commons and the Lords until an agreement is reached on the final text .
: : Once both Houses agree on the final text , a Bill will then receive the Queen 's approval - known as royal assent - and becomes an Act of Parliament .
There are many reasons you should never leave your dog unattended in a vehicle — including the small but underappreciated risk of dog crashes .
A Russian man in Barnaul , a city in southwestern Siberia , has learned this the hard way . Last Saturday they decided to run some errands at a construction goods store and left their Siberian husky puppy alone inside their parked car .
Mistake ! The puppy grew increasingly anxious as their owner failed to return and began racing around the front seat . A witness relayed what happened next to The Siberian Times :
“ The puppy went mad and managed to pull the wires which led to the engine 's ignition . The car was parked on a small hill which helped it get going . The puppy was even steering the wheel , so that the car made a small semicircle and crashed into a parked Mercedes and then a SsangYong car . ”
The offending vehicle was a VAZ 2106 — also known as a Zhigula or a Lada . Now you may be wondering , how does a puppy hotwire a manual transmission car ?
First , we have to assume the owner forgot to secure the emergency parking brake . Second , most Russian dogs are at least moderately competent in basic auto mechanics .
When Barnaul traffic police arrived at the scene , they “ were in stitches of laughter when they realised what had happened , ” reports the Siberian Times . “ They had no idea who to make responsible . ”
They paged the owner , who blamed everything on the puppy . AND WHO COULD BE MAD AT A PUPPY ? So the police simply filed a report and left the matter up to insurance companies to resolve .
The husky was unharmed and everyone was amused , except for the owners of the Mercedes and Ssang Yong cars .
And us , at the outrageous lack of dashcam footage .
VAZ 2106/Facebook
Imagine if , prior to arguing Brown v. Board of Education on behalf of the NAACP , future Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall instead had been forced by pro-Jim Crow judges to pay substantial penalties for `` grossly abusing the judicial process '' by asserting what they deemed to be frivolous arguments . Had that been the case , how long would the father of two children risked bankrupting their family by taking on additional cases and who would even replace him ?
Imagine an America without the Brown decision or one in which Jim Crow was able to maintain its death grip on the south for another generation . Imagine an America in which lawyers dared not challenge the mightiest no matter how egregious their offenses may be for fear of financial ruin . No Thurgood Marshalls , no Ralph Naders and no Howard Shankers .
Howard Shanker is an Arizona environmental lawyer who has won a string of major environmental cases including a ruling that helped preserve the natural beauty and air quality of the Grand Canyon National Park by thwarting construction of an environmentally unsustainable and unsuitable commercial retail development on the southern edge of the Grand Canyon National Park .
Shanker also has worked pro-bono on behalf of Indian groups to challenge the U.S. Forest Service 's permitting a ski resort to use reclaimed wastewater to make snow in the San Francisco Peaks north of Flagstaff because it involves sacred tribal lands and potential human ingestion of water containing known carcinogens . In February , an all Republican panel of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals rejected Shanker 's arguments as a `` gross abuse of the judicial process '' ( even though a different Ninth Circuit panel of judges had initially ruled in favor of their clients ) . Last week the same panel imposed sanctions on Shanker , ordering them to personally pay the ski resorts ' costs throughout the litigation .
The San Francisco Peaks decision was rendered by Judge Milan Smith , the son of the founder of Smith Frozen Foods ( `` SFF '' ) and brother of former U.S . Senator Gordon Smith ( R-OR ) who ran SFF prior to taking office . It turns out that SFF has a long history of wastewater violations ( including a 1991 incident that killed thousands of fish ) and Senator Smith 's environmental record in the Senate was not much better .
Earlier this month , Judge Smith launched a political tantrum in dissenting against the holding in Karuk Tribe of California v. United States Forest Service in favor of Indian tribes challenging mining operations on the Klamath River . Smith 's dissent , which includes a drawing from Gulliver 's Travels , rails against recent Ninth Circuit decisions upholding and enforcing environmental laws against businesses as akin to Gulliver being tied down by bureaucratic Lilliputians causing `` economic chaos , shutter [ ing ] entire industries , and caus [ ing ] thousands of people to lose their jobs . ''
This is consistent with their approach to the San Francisco Peaks litigation where , in writing the opinion denying the appeal , Smith goes on at length over the number of jobs involved and the perceived economic burden to the ski resort in having to delay snow-making capability while such trivial things as environmental safety and Navajo religious rights were adjudicated .
As Gary Marchant , the Lincoln Professor of Emerging Technologies , Law and Ethics at Arizona State University 's Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law , explains :
there is no question that [ the San Francisco Peaks case involved ] a valid set of claims that could have been decided either way [ and ] therefore is clearly not a case where sanctions would be appropriate or warranted .
More importantly , Marchant adds ,
[ a ] pplying sanctions in a case such as this would have a chilling effect on the willingness of qualified counsel to take on controversial and important public interest matters of any type .
This is not a theoretical risk . For example , the American Bar Association reports that recent changes in bankruptcy law imposing sanctions on lawyers for inaccuracies in client financial statements has led many firms to cease pro bono bankruptcy representation altogether .
That is precisely the result Judge Smith wants . Unable to convince their colleagues to adopt their anti-environment ideology , Smith instead is doing the next best thing by sanctioning Shanker which is to close the door to the courts to the Lilliputians altogether .
This is a classic example of judicial activism . While courts normally tread carefully in this area citing the potential chilling effect sanctions could have on future pro bono representation , this court merely says `` you 're lucky we did n't sanction the client too '' as apparently one member of the panel wished to do .
Iraqi Internally Displaced Persons ( IDPs ) escaped the clutches of the Islamic State ( ISIS ) in villages around Makhmour south of Mosul and now sheltered in the Kurdistan Region . Photo : Rudaw
ERBIL , Kurdistan Region- The Iraqi Migration Minister Darbaz Muhammed announced that Iraq has given 147 billion Iraqi Dinars ( approximately $ 126 million ) of assistance to three provinces that make up the Kurdistan Region to help The Kurdistan Regional Government ( KRG ) with the current inflow of refugees and displaced persons .
Muhammed told Rudaw that following the budget law the Iraqi government has helped Kurdistan shelter refugees in its three provinces .
According to the minister the assistance was delivered as follows :
* 107 billion IQD assistance to Duhok
* 20 billion IQD assistance to Erbil
* 20 billion IQD assistance to Sulaimani
Muhammed said that only 15 % of the internally displaced people ( IDP 's ) are sheltered in camps where they are taken care of by international organizations .
“ 85 % of the Iraqi refugees are staying in rented houses and this has helped to revive the Kurdistan region market because 50 % of them have an annual salary , ” they said .
Around 1.8 million refugees , IDPs and migrants have now taken shelter in Kurdish controlled territories in northern Iraq . The Kurdish authority does not have the financial capability to support all of them them , says the Kurdish Chief of Foreign Relations , Falah Mustafa .
There will be at least five new camps in the outskirts of Dohuk city as the province prepares for a second wave of refugees which are expected to flee Mosul ahead of the looming operation to drive Islamic State ( ISIS ) militants out of that key city .
Kurdish officials told Rudaw that the monthly cost of maintaining the refugee camps in the Kurdish territories is well above $ 100 million , which is more than what the KRG can cope with given the ongoing war against ISIS and the withholding of funds from Baghdad due to the current political gridlock .
Lise Grande , the UN humanitarian coordinator for Iraq , has said military operations to retake areas held by the Islamic State group have already forced hundreds of thousands to leave their homes . They said the anticipated offensive to drive out ISIS from the area will likely trigger the current humanitarian crisis to deteriorate further .
Berlin and its allies have shown `` hypocrisy and duplicity '' when interacting with Saudi Arabia , according to Cem Ozdemir , co-chairperson of Germany 's opposition Green Party .
© AP Photo / Carolyn Kaster Regional Hegemon : Saudi Arabia 'Playing Dirty ' in Middle East
Cem Ozdemir , co-chairperson of Germany 's opposition Green Party , has accused Berlin and its allies of `` hypocrisy and duplicity '' in their favorable treatment of Saudi Arabia in light of its human rights record and role in Yemen 's civil war , media reports said .
Speaking at the party 's annual congress , Ozdemir urged Germany to re-examine its relations with Saudi Arabia ; they said arms are shipped to the country and oil returns , according to the Iranian news network Press TV .
Ozdemir said that speaking of the destruction of ISIL Takfiri terrorists is irrelevant as long as this hypocrisy remains .
Saudi Arabia to buy 600 Patriot missiles for $ 5.4 bn http : //t.co/DXXrKRLBow pic.twitter.com/kG1kMnyxbj — RT America ( @ RT_America ) 29 июля 2015
`` Saudi Wahhabism is not part of the problem . It is the source of the problem , '' they pointed out .
They made the remarks despite Saudi Arabia 's alleged sponsorship of terrorist groups in Syria , its continued use of public execution as a tool of political repression , and its military role in neighboring Yemen , none of which has stopped the West from selling arms to Saudis .
Pentagon approves $ 11bn deal for 4 Lockheed ships to Saudi Arabia https : //t.co/pN65RQShmx pic.twitter.com/P5cBKCdcGA — RT ( @ RT_com ) 21 октября 2015
Earlier this month , it was reported that the US State Department had approved a 1.29-billion-dollar sale of smart bombs to Riyadh .
© AFP 2018 / LOUAI BESHARA Wait , What ? Saudi Arabia Imposing Own Plans of New Government on Syria
Under the deal , Saudi Arabia is due to get about 22,000 smart and general purpose bombs , which include 1,000 GBU-10 Paveway II laser-guided bombs , as well as over 5,000 Joint Direct Attack Munitions kits , which convert older bombs into precision-guided weapons via GPS , according to the Pentagon .
As for Takfirism , it is thought to be largely influenced by Wahhabism , the radical ideology dominating Saudi Arabia and freely preached by the country 's clerics .
Rabbit numbers on the Moeraki peninsula have skyrocketed and are at `` plague '' proportions , residents say .
The township of Moeraki is `` just crawling '' with rabbits this spring , locals say , and dozens can be seen at the local camping ground , on roadsides , in gardens and anywhere they can find food .
Not permitted to shoot or poison rabbits in urban areas , locals are left waiting for the release of a new strain of the rabbit haemorrhagic disease virus to help control them .
The Otago Regional Council says it is the landowner 's responsibility to control pests , but residents spoken to by the Otago Daily Times say they have grown weary of the fight to control them .
Waitaki District Council Waihemo councillor Jan Wheeler , who lives on a farm on the peninsula , said the problem there was `` shocking '' despite their husband 's efforts at rabbit control , and it was worse in the Moeraki village , which was `` just crawling '' with them this year .
`` For every pair there 's been , there 's about seven babies running about . It 's a shocking problem . It 's been like this for about six years and it 's growing every year , '' they said .
Retiree Brian Todd , of Hampden , last month began hunting , freezing and selling rabbits killed near Moeraki as pet food to a Timaru business .
In the middle of one day , they stood in the same spot on a Moeraki farm for two and a-half hours and shot 46 rabbits , they said .
`` There are more rabbits in town than on the outskirts . The last thing I want to do is lose my firearms licence , but I reckon I could take out 1000 around town in a couple of weeks . ''
Rabbits on the edge of town had become gun-shy . While it was difficult to see the extent of the problem during the day , they could see `` all eyes '' while driving at night .
`` They 're running across the road in droves . ''
Moeraki farmer Doug Stalker said they needed to cull 200 rabbits a week to manage their numbers over spring and summer , `` and we 're losing '' . They moved from Central Otago four years ago and said the Moeraki rabbit problem was worse .
`` We had rabbits there , but nothing like we 've got here . ''
Mark Brady , who mows lawns in Moeraki , said rabbits had devoured so much grass in some areas that it `` did n't need cutting '' . The rabbits were impossible to miss in the town , Moeraki Tavern 's new owner Craig Brett said .
`` There 's hundreds and hundreds of rabbits , big ones , little ones , fat ones , square ones , whatever . They 're everywhere . ''
Moeraki retailer Leanne French said the village provided an ideal environment , particularly given there were many areas where landowners were not in a position to control them .
`` They 're up in the ... holiday homes , where nobody lives ... they are just happily hanging out on the front lawn .
`` As an example , we live where there are nine 12-acre [ 4.8ha ] blocks , and there 's only three permanent people that live here . There are so many other pieces of land where nobody ever comes , so nobody can look after it . That causes trouble . ''
Moeraki restaurateur Fleur Sullivan was more tolerant , saying the rabbits stayed out of their raised beds of silverbeet .
`` The ground is actually absolutely all rabbits . It 's like a carpet of rabbits . It 's beautiful . It 's really lovely .
`` While rabbit was not on the menu at Fleurs Place , they used to make an award-winning rabbit , venison and pickled walnut pie , when they were at Olivers , in Clyde — with imported rabbits .
`` The hills were alive with rabbits and to make my pie I had to buy Chinese rabbit ... $ 28 a kilo , with bones . If people were allowed to head-shoot them all and sell them to me , I 'd love it , '' they said .
An application to import the new strain of the rabbit haemorrhagic disease virus has been made to the Ministry for Primary Industries and is being consulted on at present .
The new strain infects only the European rabbit and no other species .
Otago Regional Council director of environmental monitoring and operations Scott MacLean said the virus , if approved , would be available by autumn next year and Moeraki would be a priority for its distribution .
The council had developed a communications and education plan that would be rolled out after the council had `` an indication about how the application to import goes '' , they said .
hamish.maclean @ odt.co.nz
An Oklahoma state legislator , Rep. Justin Humphrey , is pushing a bill that would require a woman to get written permission from their sexual partner if they want to have an abortion . The Supreme Court already struck down a very similar bill two decades ago , which means Humphrey 's bill would have almost no chance of holding up in court if it ever became law .
So why is Humphrey trying to pass it anyway ? They explained their reasoning rather bluntly to Jordan Smith of the Intercept : Once a woman decides to be “ irresponsible ” by having sex , they said , their body is no longer entirely their own — because they will always be a potential “ host ” to a pregnancy :
Ultimately , [ Humphrey ] said , their intent was to let men have a say . “ I believe one of the breakdowns in our society is that we have excluded the man out of all of these types of decisions , ” they said . “ I understand that they feel like that is their body , ” they said of women . “ I feel like it is a separate — what I call them is , is you 're a ‘ host . ' And you know when you enter into a relationship you 're going to be that host and so , you know , if you pre-know that then take all precautions and do n't get pregnant , ” they explained . “ So that 's where I 'm at . I 'm like , hey , your body is your body and be responsible with it . But after you 're irresponsible then do n't claim , well , I can just go and do this with another body , when you 're the host and you invited that in . ”
Humphrey told Smith that their original intent was to force fathers to pay child support from the moment of conception . That specific language was excised from the bill , they said .
But what remained was the disturbing extension of that logic : If a man and a woman have equal rights and responsibilities over the contents of the woman 's womb , then their womb — their body — is quite literally no longer them own .
When reproductive rights advocates talk about “ bodily autonomy , ” this is what they mean . The central question is : Does a woman have full rights to determine what happens to their body while they are pregnant , or only partial rights ? If they are pregnant and does not want to be , can someone else — whether it 's the government or their sexual partner — force them to continue using their body to incubate a fetus , and then force them to use their body to birth it ?
For many Americans , the question of when life begins and the morality of abortion is deeply complicated . But legally , the question is simple : Once a woman becomes pregnant , must they always be compelled to take on the extra medical risk of carrying that pregnancy to term ?
For Humphrey , the answer is a clear “ yes. ” But the modern pro-life movement , which tends to insist on compassion for pregnant women , rarely puts it in such stark terms .
Passing likely unconstitutional abortion bans is par for the course in Oklahoma , and many other states
Last year , Oklahoma 's legislature passed a bill that would have made performing abortion a felony for doctors . Gov . Mary Fallin vetoed it — not because they disagreed with its premise , but because they thought it would likely be found unconstitutional and waste the state 's time and money in court .
However , that logic did n't stop Fallin from signing a total ban on the safest , most common method of second-trimester abortion . That ban was , predictably , blocked in court for violating Roe v. Wade , the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision that legalized abortion until a fetus is viable .
Humphrey 's bill is one of two anti-abortion bills the Oklahoma legislature is considering that will probably be found unconstitutional in court , Smith explains . The other bill prohibits “ discrimination ” against fetuses with abnormalities , a measure that has already been blocked in other states like Indiana .
Oklahoma lawmakers are clearly willing to pass extreme anti-abortion laws despite Roe . But Oklahoma is hardly unique in this regard . It 's very common for anti-abortion state legislatures to pass extreme abortion bans .
Sometimes it 's a statement of principle ; sometimes it 's a hope that the bill might force a court challenge that will later overturn Roe . But in the end , it 's almost always expensive and futile .
Watch : Proof that labels like `` pro-life '' do n't work
My Fellow Americans : We Are Fools
By Margot Kidder
July 29 , 2016 `` Information Clearing House `` - `` Counterpunch `` - There is something I am going to try and explain here after watching the Democratic National Convention this evening that will invite the scorn of many of my friends . But the words are gagging my throat and my stomach is twisted and sick and I have to vomit this out . The anti-americanism in me is about to explode and land god knows where as my rage is well beyond reason . And I , by heritage , half American in a way that makes me “ more ” American than almost anyone else in this country except for the true Americans , the American Indians , am in utter denial tonight that I am , as you are , American as well .
I am half Canadian , I was brought up there , with very different values than you Americans hold , and tonight — after the endless spit ups and boasts and rants about the greatness of American militarism , and praise for American military strength , and boasts about wiping out ISIS , and America being the strongest country on earth , and an utterly inane story from a woman whose son died in Obama 's war , about how they got to cry in gratitude on Obama 's shoulder — tonight I feel deeply Canadian . Every subtle lesson I was ever subliminally given about the bullies across the border and their rudeness and their lack of education and their self-given right to bomb whoever they wanted in the world for no reason other than that they wanted something the people in the other country had , and their greed , came oozing to the surface of my psyche .
I just got back from a rather fierce walk beside the Yellowstone River here in Montana , trying to let the mountains in the distance reconnect me to some place of goodness in my soul , but I could n't find it . The scenery was as exquisite as ever , but it just could n't touch the rage in my heart . The visions of all the dead children in Syria that Hillary Clinton helped to kill ; the children bombed to bits in Afghanistan and Pakistan from Obama 's drones , the grisly chaos of of Libya , the utter wasteland of Iraq , the death and destruction everywhere caused by American military intervention . Ukraine , Honduras , El Salvador , Guatemala , Chile , you name it — your country has bombed it or destroyed its civilian life in some basic way .
When I heard all the Americans cheering for the military and the pronouncements of might come from the speakers in the Wells Fargo Centre , I loathed you . I loathed every single one of you . I knew in my gut that what I was taught as a child was true , which is that YOU are the enemy . YOU are the country to be feared . YOU are the country to be disgusted by . YOU are ignorant . And your greed and self-satisfaction and unearned pride knows no bounds .
I am not an American tonight . I reject my Puritan ancestors who landed in this country in 1648 . I reject the words I voiced at my citizenship ceremony . I reject every moment of thrilling discovery I ever had in this country .
You people have no idea what it is like for people from other countries to hear you boast and cheer for your guns and your bombs and your soldiers and your murderous military leaders and your war criminals and your murdering and conscienceless Commander in Chief . All those soaring words are received by the rest of us , by us non-Americans , by all the cells in our body , as absolutely repugnant and obscene .
And there you all are tonight , glued to your TVs and your computers , your hearts swelled with pride because you belong to the strongest country on Earth , cheering on your Murderer President . Ignorant of the entire world 's repulsion . You kill and you kill and you kill , and still you remain proud .
There is something magical about all our Scottish castles but those that stand on islands and seem almost impossible to reach are particularly tantalising for intrepid castle hunters .
Here 's a selection that you might want to add to your castle visit list . Found in some of Scotland 's most stunning locations , perhaps it might encourage you to visit ?
TOP : Loch an Eilean Castle in the Cairngorms National Park , Aviemore BOTTOM : Finlaggan Castle was the centre of the Lordship of the Isles on beautiful Isle of Islay Loch an Eilean Castle in the Cairngorms National Park , AviemoreFinlaggan Castle was the centre of the Lordship of the Isles on beautiful Isle of Islay
LEFT : Castle Tioram ( pronounced Chee-rum ) on the remote Ardnamurchan peninsular RIGHT : Castle Tioram from another view - it deserves to be pictured twice Castle Tioram ( pronounced Chee-rum ) on the remote Ardnamurchan peninsularCastle Tioram from another view - it deserves to be pictured twice
Threave Castle in the River Dee - home of the Black Douglas
LEFT : Kildonan Castle , Arran , above a sandy beach RIGHT : Brodick Castle , Arran , above the island 's capital Kildonan Castle , Arran , above a sandy beachBrodick Castle , Arran , above the island 's capital
TOP : Dunyvaig Castle , Islay - close to a malt distillery - both worth a visit ! MIDDLE : Kilchurn Castle , Loch Awe - almost an island ! BOTTOM : Loch Gorm Castle , Islay - it 's there ! Dunyvaig Castle , Islay - close to a malt distillery - both worth a visit ! Kilchurn Castle , Loch Awe - almost an island ! Loch Gorm Castle , Islay - it 's there !
Story highlights A soap opera producer was appointed U.S . Ambassador to Hungary by President Barack Obama
A White House spokesperson says Colleen Bell 's campaign fundraising role was not the reason they were chosen
It 's not every day that White House has to defend its decision to nominate a soap opera producer to represent the country on one of the highest diplomatic levels .
But it was that kind of Tuesday .
Asked at the daily press briefing what makes `` The Bold and The Beautiful '' producer Colleen Bell qualified to serve as U.S . Ambassador to Hungary , White House spokesperson Josh Earnest did n't exactly have an explanation .
`` ( She 's ) somebody who obviously has succeeded in , you know , in the business world , '' Earnest said .
`` And they are somebody that the President has confidence will be able to maintain our relationship with the government and the people of Hungary . ''
Earnest also denied that Bell 's hand in raising millions of dollars for the President 's re-election campaign had anything to do with their appointment .
`` Well , I can tell you that that 's not the reason they were chosen , '' they said .
Earnest said the reason Bell was nominated for the post was because the President `` has complete confidence in their ability to represent the United States in that country . ''
But not everyone will be satisfied with that answer .
Just hours before , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , blasted Bell 's nomination on the Senate floor .
`` We 're about to vote on a totally unqualified individual to be ambassador to a nation which is very important to our national security interests , '' they said .
`` I am not against political appointees ... but here we are , a nation that 's on the verge of seceded its sovereignty to a neo-fascist dictator getting in bed with Vladimir Putin and we 're gon na send the producer of 'The Bold and the Beautiful ' as our ambassador , '' McCain said .
Bell was confirmed to the position Tuesday by a Democrat-led Senate . The chamber also confirmed Noah Mamet , another Democratic fundraiser , as the ambassador to Argentina .
This is not the first diplomatic position the President has selected Bell for . In 2010 , Obama appointed Bell to the President 's Advisory Committee on the Arts at the Kennedy Center . ​
Share Email 0 Shares
News Release — Vermont Alimony Reform
January 20 , 2016
Contact :
Rick Fleming , President
Vermont Alimony Reform
PO Box 1971
Brattleboro , VT 05302
802-490-8534
Get all of VTDigger 's daily news . You 'll never miss a story with our daily headlines in your inbox .
PRESSURE FOR ALIMONY REFORM COMING TO VERMONT
Men and women as far away as Brattleboro , Rutland , Putney , Barre , Burlington , and St. Johnsbury met recently to launch a Vermont Alimony Reform Movement .
The new activist organization is known as Vermont Alimony Reform . The movement is being spearheaded by the elected President of the group , Rick Fleming , a native of Brattleboro , who is forced to pay lifetime alimony to an ex-wife who has since remarried after the divorce was final . In most states , remarriage of an alimony receiving spouse terminates an alimony obligation .
Vermont Alimony Reform 's mission is to reform and update Vermont 's archaic and outdated Alimony Laws . The goal is to follow the lead of neighboring Massachusetts whose legislature unanimously passed the Massachusetts Alimony Reform Act of 2011 . The highly successful , sweeping reform was the product of an Alimony Reform Task Force appointed by the chairs of the Joint Committee on the Judiciary . Among the active participants of the Task Force was Steve Hitner , the President of the group Mass Alimony Reform .
Vermont Alimony Reform will be urging the Vermont Legislature to follow the successful process used in Massachusetts by establishing a similar Alimony Reform Task Force . The Task Force should include a representative of all interested parties , including but not limited to VAR , The Vermont Bar , the Women 's Bar , Judges , and members of the Legislature . Our goal is to bring predictability , consistency , and fairness to the family court system as it relates to divorce and alimony .
For more information about our organization and a list of our Legislative Goals please look at our website , www.vtalimonyreform.com or contact Rick Fleming , President of Vermont Alimony Reform . Our telephone number is 802-490-8534 . If you prefer you can e-mail our organization at [ email protected ] .
VTDigger is underwritten by :
We all need to work together to bring consistency , predictability and fairness to Vermont 's Alimony Laws and bring them into the 21st century .
Updated on January 18th , 2019 by Josh Arnold
Sherwin-Williams is a legendary dividend growth stock .
As a member of the Dividend Aristocrats , Sherwin-Williams is one of just 53 S & P 500 stocks that have raised their dividends each year for 25+ years .
Even among the Dividend Aristocrats , Sherwin-Williams stands out because of its remarkable rate of dividend growth . The company shows no sign of slowing down , either ; management 's stated goal for the dividend is 30 % of prior year earnings . Management believes it can produce 11 % to 14 % annual growth in earnings-per-share , so we can reasonably expect the same level of growth for the payout .
Sherwin-Williams ' rapid dividend growth forecasts make it appeal to dividend growth investors . This article will analyze the investment prospects of Sherwin-Williams in detail .
Business Overview
Sherwin-Williams is the world 's second-largest manufacturer of paints and coatings . The company distributes its products through wholesalers as well as retail stores . Sherwin-Williams was founded in 1866 , and has grown to a market capitalization of $ 37 billion and annual sales of $ 15 billion .
The company distributes its products through wholesalers as well as retail stores that bear the Sherwin-Williams name . Its only competitor of comparable size is fellow Dividend Aristocrat PPG Industries ( PPG ) .
Source : Investor Presentation , page 3
Sherwin-Williams is certainly a market leader . The company has become significantly larger since its relatively recent acquisition of Valspar .
The Valspar merger was transformative for Sherwin-Williams . Post-merger , Sherwin-Williams is now divided into three segments : Americas , Consumer Brands , and Performance Coatings .
Sherwin-Williams is a much more diversified company than it was prior to the Valspar purchase . Management believes it can deliver strong earnings-per-share growth , with less volatility and variability in earnings .
In late October , Sherwin-Williams reported ( 10/25/18 ) financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2018 . In the quarter , consolidated net sales increased by 5.0 % to $ 4.73 billion while same store sales for locations in the United States and Canada increased by 5.2 % . Sherwin-Williams generated diluted earnings-per-share of $ 3.72 , which represents an 11.7 % increase over the same period a year ago .
Excluding nonrecurring accounting charges , Sherwin-Williams generated adjusted earnings-per-share of $ 5.68 , a 19.6 % increase year-on-year . Sherwin-Williams also updated its 2018 financial guidance with the publication of its third quarter earnings release . The company now expects to generate adjusted earnings-per-share between $ 19.05 and $ 19.20 .
Growth Prospects
Sherwin-Williams has grown at strong rates over the past couple of years . Fiscal 2017 saw sales growth of 26 % while fiscal 2018 is on pace for a high-teens gain on top of that . This has led to some robust earnings-per-share growth , as our estimate of 2018 earnings-per-share of $ 19.13 is nearly 60 % higher than two years prior . Strong sales growth has helped but margins have been buoyant and a lower tax rate has aided the effort as well .
Looking ahead , Sherwin-Williams stands to benefit from broad-based demand for its products internationally . Demand for Sherwin-Williams ' products is expected to grow most rapidly in the Asia-Pacific region . In addition , the company has scale unlike any of its competitors in Latin America and North America . There is still plenty of growth potential in its more mature markets , but the Valspar acquisition helped to expedite expansion into Asia-Pacific , where the company is relatively small .
These factors should combine to accelerate the company 's revenue growth in the near-term . Sherwin-Williams expects sales growth of 4 % -6 % per year through the end of fiscal 2020 .
Source : Investor Presentation , page 5
Revenues are just one component of Sherwin-Williams future growth in profitability . The Valspar acquisition has presented some meaningful opportunities to reduce expenses by eliminating duplicate roles , integrating supply chains , and combining SG & A workforces .
All said , Sherwin-Williams is expecting between $ 400 million and $ 415 million in annual cost synergies by 2020 .
Sherwin-Williams has plenty of opportunities to grow its sales and earnings for the foreseeable future . The company also has a very strong track record of earnings growth :
Sherwin-Williams is accustomed to growing earnings at double digit rates , and management has guided for that to continue in the coming years . This company has a broad and deep portfolio of popular brands with good margins and a bright sales outlook . In addition , meaningful merger synergies have yet to accrue , so margins should improve further in the next couple of years . In short , even though Sherwin-Williams is the dominant player in its sector , it is far from done when it comes to growth .
Competitive Advantages & Recession Performance
Sherwin-Williams is not the most recession-resistant Dividend Aristocrat . The company 's performance depends on a healthy U.S. and international housing market , which is the underlying driver of paint and coatings sales .
This impact can be seen by looking at the company 's performance during the 2007-2009 financial crisis :
2007 adjusted earnings-per-share : $ 4.70
2008 adjusted earnings-per-share : $ 4.00 ( 15 % decline )
2009 adjusted earnings-per-share : $ 3.78 ( 5.5 % decline )
2010 adjusted earnings-per-share : $ 4.21 ( 11 % increase )
It took Sherwin-Williams ' earnings three full years to recover from its Great Recession lows ; however , the company remained profitable and continued to raise its dividend ( which is why it remains a Dividend Aristocrat today ) .
Another factor that investors should consider is the company 's increased debt load after the closure of the Valspar acquisition . Sherwin-Williams acquired debt to fund the Valspar acquisition , which resulted in a debt to EBITDA ratio of 4.5x when the deal closed . The company has worked to pay off debt since . It lowered its debt to EBITDA ratio to 3.0x at the end of 2018 , and the company maintains a long-term target of 2.0x to 2.5x .
Sherwin-Williams elevated debt load combined with our current position in the business cycle may lead some investors to consider investments in more conservative securities . Earnings are likely to fall if the economy begins to contract and the housing market slows . We do n't believe it would result in negative earnings by any means , but certainly , the share price would suffer under such a scenario .
Valuation & Expected Total Returns
Sherwin-Williams has many of the characteristics of a high-quality business , and it is valued as such . The stock trades with a price-to-earnings multiple of 20.9 on its 2018 earnings-per-share estimate of $ 19.13 , which compares to our estimate of fair value of 20.5 . That implies a fractional headwind to total returns in the coming years as the stock is essentially fairly valued today .
However , this is not a stock that is likely to sink to a low price-to-earnings ratio , given its enormously successful history of growing earnings . Investors are willing to pay more for premium growth and Sherwin-Williams fits that description .
In addition , we expect 9 % long-term annual earnings growth for Sherwin-Williams . The stock also has a secure dividend , which yields 0.9 % right now . This results in annual expected returns of nearly 10 % over the next five years .
The stock 's fair price and high earnings growth mean that we recommend Sherwin-Williams as a buy . The dividend yield is still quite low , so it is n't worthwhile as a pure income stock . However , the high rate of dividend increases makes the stock attractive for long-term dividend growth investors . The company 's dividend is also very safe . We explore Sherwin-Williams ' dividend safety in the following video :
Final Thoughts
Sherwin-Williams ' acquisition of Valspar has created some compelling growth opportunities for this high-quality dividend stock .
This is a typical example of a great business trading at a not-so-great price . We 'll let Warren Buffett take this one from here :
“ For the investor , a too-high purchase price for the stock of an excellent company can undo the effects of a subsequent decade of favorable business developments. ” – Warren Buffett
While the stock may not look cheap in a traditional sense , it is fairly valued for the first time in a while . We think there is a lot of growth ahead along with strong payout expansion , and think the stock is worth a look for investors with long time horizons .
click to enlarge Image via Mississippi County Sheriff Facebook page
Mississippi County Sheriff Cory Hutcheson is facing robbery , assault and fraud charges .
The newly elected sheriff of Mississippi County assaulted an elderly rival of one of their relatives and framed her , cuffing the 77-year-old woman so hard they suffered a heart attack , Attorney General Josh Hawley alleges.Sheriff Cory Hutcheson faces charges in that case , along with a second complaint that accuses them of illegally tracking the cell phones of their predecessor , state troopers and a sitting judge.He was arrested on Wednesday following a joint investigation by the FBI and Missouri State Highway Patrol . Hawley said in a news release their office would prosecute the case.Hutcheson was elected last November , defeating a twelve-year incumbent to take over the department in the Missouri boot heel , according to a profile in the Sikeston Standard-Democrat . They told the paper they planned to take a hands-on approach to the job. “ Mississippi County is n't big enough to have a sheriff who just points and tells other people to do stuff , ” Hutcheson said . “ You have to be willing to jump in there and help do the work. ” Hutcheson was in uniform when they roughly cuffed the 77-year-old , authorities say . The elderly woman was involved in a civil dispute with one of the new sheriff 's relatives . Hutcheson issued a bogus probable cause statement , alleging the senior citizen had kidnapped and assaulted their family member , according to Hawley.The woman was hospitalized for three days after suffering a heart attack as a result of the arrest , authorities say.Hutcheson is facing charges of first-degree robbery , second-decree assault and one count of false declaration in that case.In the second case , they are accused of using their position to `` ping '' cell phones of law enforcement officers and Circuit Judge David Dolan . They were charged with seven counts of forgery , another seven counts of tampering with computer data and one count of notary misconduct .
Clicking it takes you to the setup page . The first option is image :
In the top right-hand corner of your DO dashboard ( or in the centre if you do n't already have any droplets ) , look for the Create Droplet button .
Droplets are server space which is specifically reserved for you . You 're only ever charged when you have a droplet ( regardless of whether it 's on or off ) , but creating and destroying them is easy , so do n't worry about being charged when you 're not actively using it .
If you 're a student , you can also get $ 50 in credit from the Github Student Pack ( which I also highly recommend ) . Digital Ocean initially would n't accept my code when I signed up , but I submitted a support ticket and they credited it within a few hours .
Head over to Digital Ocean and create an account , using either Paypal or a Credit Card ( if you use the link above you 'll get some free credit and so will I . If you do n't want to do that , just click here ) .
I initially followed Tomi Mester 's tutorial to get DO set up , but quickly realised I wanted to do more ( although I highly recommend the rest of the series , Data Science from the Command Line ) . This turned out to be a little tricky , so here 's my walkthrough .
Digital Ocean is a cloud based server provider , with very reasonable plans that allow you to shift computation off your computer and into the cloud , saving you time and keeping your computer fresh !
You wo n't have a Snapshots option ( more on this later ) , but the default choice ( Ubuntu ) is what we want , so you do n't have to do anything here .
The third step is Add Block Storage . You do n't need this initially .
Which one you pick depends on a few things :
Here you can see what you 're getting , and how much it costs . You 're charged per hour that the droplet exists , so unless you 're not deleting it when you 're done , your cost will be a lot lower than the per-month costs quoted .
The final step is to enable monitoring ( more on this later ) and give your droplet a really useful name !
I 'm in Ireland , so I chose London . Choose whichever is closest to you .
Then hit create droplet , and after a minute or so , you 'll be all set !
3 . Initial Setup and Snapshots
When you 're done , you 'll get an email from Digital Ocean with an IP address , username and password . Copy the IP address , fire up your command line and enter :
ssh root @ [ IP Address ]
If this hangs and nothing happens , you can try :
ping [ IP Address ]
and see if you have a connection . If not , you 're probably being blocked by an external firewall ( your work or university ) . This happened to me , and there 's not a lot you can do :
Hit CTRL-C to stop it after 10 or so packets
If you do get a response from ssh root @ [ IP Address ] , there will be a bunch of text asking you if you want to proceed . Write yes and press enter .
You 'll then be asked to enter the password . Copy and paste that in from the email and hit enter . You 'll then need to change the root password . Make this pretty secure as you wo n't be logging into root that often , but if someone else do they can totally wreck your droplet .
Next , you want to create a user :
adduser [ username ]
where [ username ] is anything you want .
You 'll have to create a password for this user , and it 'll ask for a bunch of personal information . Enter this if you like , or skip it ( press enter ) , it does n't matter .
Next , give your new account permissions to do stuff on the server
usermod -aG sudo [ username ]
gpasswd -a [ username ] sudo
This gives yourself the ability to make changes without having to be logged into root .
Finally , change the time zone :
sudo dpkg-reconfigure tzdata
and select your current city .
Nice ! We 're all set up on root . Now we can exit and check out your user account .
exit
ssh [ username ] @ [ IP Address ]
Once you 've logged in , the first step is to configure your bash profile to make your life easier .
nano .profile
If you have n't used Nano before , it 's a simple text editor . Use arrow keys to move , Ctrl+k to cut a line , Ctrl+u to paste a line , Ctrl+o to save , Ctrl-x to exit .
You can add aliases here ( shortcuts ) to make life easier . I use Python 3 and Pip 3 , so I generally avoid confusion by setting :
alias python= '' python3 ''
alias pip= '' pip3 ''
I also hate typing nano ~/.profile when I want to change or check my bash profile , so I alias that too :
alias obp= '' nano ~/.profile ''
alias sbp= '' source ~/.profile ''
You can also add any other aliases here . Save it with Ctrl+o and exit with Ctrl-x .
To implement these changes , you need to source the profile :
source .profile
( As a side note , you ca n't use new alias shortcuts before you 've sourced them , so simply entering sbp wo n't work yet , but will after you 've sourced it the long way once ) .
apt-get is a bit like Pip for the command line , and should be updated before we go any further .
sudo apt-get update
Python 3 is already installed , but Pip is n't , so let 's go ahead and get and update that :
sudo apt-get install python3-pip
pip install -upgrade pip
Now you can pip install all your regular Python packages ! Well , you can in a second . For some reason , Matplotlib and a few other packages have issues with Ubuntu , but you can solve these by running :
sudo apt-get install libfreetype6-dev libxft-dev
sudo apt-get install python-setuptools
Sweet , now you can go nuts with pip3 install . If you have a requirements.txt file which you use for all your installations , you can run that now .
Finally , AG is a great search tool for the command line which does n't come as standard , so you can install that too if you 'd like :
sudo apt install silversearcher-ag
Perfect , you 're all set up ! Now , this was quite a lot of work , and it would suck to have to do this each time . That 's where Digital Ocean snapshots come in !
This is a way to ‘ save-as ' your current droplet , so that when you create a new droplet next time , you can just load that image and you 'll start exactly where you left off ! Perfect .
Powerdown your droplet using sudo poweroff and head over to the Snapshots menu-item on your Digital Ocean droplet page :
Snapshots are n't free , they cost $ 0.05/Gb/month . My snapshot taken with Pandas , Numpy , Matplotlib and a few other packages install was 1.85Gb , so that 's about $ 1.11 per year . Not bad considering it 'll save you 10 minutes each time you set up a droplet !
As your droplet is already powered down , hit the ‘ Take Live Snapshot ' button and Digital Ocean will do the rest .
A side note here , it does n't appear you can read a snapshot into a cheaper droplet pricing scheme . Just something to keep in mind .
If you ever want to upgrade your pricing scheme , head to the Resize menu item . Again , you ca n't downgrade here and if you want to , you 'll need to create a droplet from scratch and repeat the above steps .
To turn your droplet back on , head to Digital Ocean and in the top-right hand corner of the droplet page there 's an on/off toggle . Turn it back on and you 're ready to upload data .
4 . Uploading Data via SFTP
Now , if you have the data on your personal computer and want to send it up to the cloud , you 'll need to do so via SFTP ( Secure File Transfer Protocol ) . This is fairly easy , albeit it 's not lightening fast .
To start , make an SFTP connection :
sftp [ username ] @ [ IP Address ]
Now , you can use the normal command line functions like cd , ls and pwd to move around the file system on the server . However , for some reason , autocomplete ( tab ) does n't work on SFTP . For that reason , I suggest uploading all your files and code into the home directory , and the logging back in with ssh and moving stuff around using mv and autocomplete . Trust me , it 's much easier .
That 's on the server side , but how about moving around on your personal computer ? The same commands work , but you need to prefix them with an additional l , that is lcd , lls and lpwd . Manoeuvre your way to the directory where the files are held on your local , and then upload them to the server using :
put [ localFile ]
or for a whole directory :
put -r [ localDirectory ]
This is n't fast , for my 1.5Gb data files it took about 20 minutes each . Annoying , but there 's not much you can do . You can upload in parallel , but this means opening up a new command line tab and logging in with SFTP again , plus both connections slow down by half , so the total time is the same : (
You can see how much of you storage you 've used by running :
df -h
For future reference , downloading files from the server is as simple as :
get [ remoteFile ]
or
get -r [ remoteDirectory ]
Now , once your data files are up on the server , you can upload your python scripts too . Make sure that if your local directory configuration is different to the remote , to change any file locations in the code .
Deleting files from the server is also slightly different to locally , as rm -rf directory does n't work . You need to rm filename to delete a file , or empty a directory then rmdir directory to delete a folder .
This is enough to get you started , but if you 're interested in more advanced options , there 's a good tutorial here .
I thoroughly recommend testing all your code locally ( I use PyCharm , which is great and has a free student license too ) on small subsets of the data , then when it 's working , SFTP'ing the code to the server and running it once . Troubleshooting over remote connection can be annoying .
5 . Running Computations
Now , you 're all set up to run some computations . Log back in with ssh , organise all your files , and run any code with python filename.py as you would on your local computer .
If you get a Killed response when you try and run some code , it means you do n't have enough memory to complete the job . You have two options . Either powerdown and upgrade your pricing plan , or create a Swapfile ( more below ) .
Printing error logs will give you some more information on what has gone wrong :
sudo cat /var/log/kern.log
You can monitor job progress on the Digital Ocean dashboard that shows you some nice graphs of usage :
The huge cache of files recently leaked from Italian surveillance software maker Hacking Team is the gift that keeps on giving for attackers . Researchers sifting through the data found a new exploit for a previously unknown vulnerability in Adobe 's Flash Player .
This is the second Flash Player zero-day exploit discovered among the files and the third overall—researchers also found a zero-day exploit for a vulnerability in Windows .
A zero-day exploit is a previously unknown vulnerability for which a patch does not exist .
The first Flash Player exploit was identified Tuesday , less than two days after a hacker dumped on the Internet over 400GB worth of files , email communications , business documents , source code and other internal data from the Milan-based company that sells computer surveillance and intrusion tools to government agencies around the world .
The exploit was quickly adopted by cybercriminals and was integrated into commercial exploit kits before Adobe released a patch for it . Exploit kits are malicious tools used in large-scale attacks launched through compromised websites or malicious advertisements .
Adobe patched the vulnerability targeted by the exploit on Wednesday , but attackers are still using it . A well known cyberespionage group known as Wekby actually sent emails to companies advising them about the Adobe patch , but linking to the exploit instead , security vendor Volexity reported .
The new Flash Player exploit , which takes advantage of an yet-to-be-patched vulnerability , was identified among the Hacking Team files by researchers from security vendor FireEye . Adobe confirmed the vulnerability Friday and said that it plans to patch it next week . The flaw is being tracked as CVE-2015-5122 in the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures database .
According to researchers from Trend Micro , the new exploit affects the latest versions of Flash Player on Windows , Mac and Linux and can be easily adapted to execute a malicious payload , like a malware program .
These exploits were likely provided by Hacking Team to its customers so they can deploy Remote Control System ( RCS ) , the company 's powerful spyware , on the computers of users targeted for surveillance . The exploits allow malware to be silently installed when users visit a website , an attack technique known as a drive-by download .
It 's not clear if these two Flash Player exploits were developed by Hacking Team 's employees or if they were acquired from third-parties . Leaked emails from Hacking Team reveal that the company was buying exploits through brokers and from individual researchers , but that it also had an internal research team for developing such attack tools .
The revelations are likely to fuel the debate about the zero-day exploit market and whether it 's ethical for government agencies to contribute to Internet insecurity by creating the incentive for private companies and security researchers to stockpile critical flaws for profit instead of reporting them to affected vendors .
In May , the U.S. Commerce Department proposed changes to an international arms control pact called the Wassenaar Arrangement that would enforce export controls for software exploits and other computer intrusion software . The proposed changes are open to a two-month comment period .
Catholic nun Kosaka Kumiko is escorted out of a police station to attend a court hearing in Mendoza , Argentina . ( Andres Larrovere/Diario Los Andes via AP )
The students in the school for deaf children would call them the “ bad nun , ” the woman who was supposed to take care of them , but who they say would send them into rooms to be sexually abused by priests . Others said they committed abuse themselves and would force them to watch pornography on television .
And in a particularly abhorrent case , after a 5-year-old girl was sexually assaulted by a priest , the Roman Catholic nun allegedly forced them to wear a diaper in class , to conceal the bleeding , according to Argentine news reports .
Because the other children at the school were deaf , only the victims ' abusers would have heard their cries .
The nun , named Kosaka Kumiko , was arrested and charged Friday on suspicion of helping priests sexually abuse children at the Antonio Provolo Institute , a school for the hearing-impaired in the Mendoza province of Argentina , authorities said . They were also charged with physically abusing the students .
Kumiko 's arrest stems from a sex abuse scandal that has roiled the Catholic Church from Argentina to Rome , and has resulted in Vatican probes and the arrests of two priests and three other men .
At least 24 students of the Provolo Institute in Argentina have come forward seeking justice for the abuse they say they suffered years ago at the hands of the Rev . Nicola Corradi , 82 , the Rev . Horacio Corbacho , 55 , and three other men . The five were arrested in late November by police who raided the school in Lujan de Cuyo , a city about 620 miles northwest of Buenos Aires , after they found magazines featuring naked women and about $ 34,000 in Corradi 's room , the Associated Press reported .
Kumiko arrived Thursday in Mendoza for a nearly nine-hour hearing before a judge after a month of being a fugitive , according to La Nacion . They are believed to have been hidden in northeast Argentina or in a bordering country and turned themselves in to authorities in Buenos Aires last week .
Wearing their habit and a bulletproof vest in the courtroom , they denied all the accusations , telling the judge “ I knew nothing of the abuses , I watched over the children . ”
“ I 'm innocent , ” Kumiko said . “ I did not know about the abuses . I am a good person that has given my life to God . ”
Authorities began investigating Kumiko 's role in the scandal when a 17-year-old girl came forward to allege the nun had placed a dressing or diaper over their bleeding when they were 5 years old , preventing them from sitting in the classroom . Other victims came forward accusing Kumiko of actively participating in the abuse while they lived in the Provolo Institute , from 2004 to 2012 , authorities said , according to the Associated Press .
Kumiko 's role was to take care of hearing-impaired children who lived far from Greater Mendoza and had to board at the school . Instead , they targeted the most vulnerable children and covered up abuse by their superiors , prosecutors allege , according to Argentine news outlet Clarín .
Victims and prosecutors say the priests are accused of raping , sexually abusing and fondling the students in bathrooms , dorms , a garden and a basement at the school .
The school has “ a little chapel with an image of the Virgin and some chairs where the kids would get confession and receive the communion . That 's where some of the acts were happening , ” former lead prosecutor Fabrizio Sidoti told the Associated Press .
One of the alleged victims told the Associated Press they witnessed how a girl was raped by one priest while the other one forced them to give them oral sex
“ They always said it was a game : ‘ Let 's go play , let 's go play ' and they would take us to the girls ' bathroom , ” said one of the women who claim that they were abused at the school in Argentina .
Dozens of students in the Provolo Institute 's school in Italy were similarly abused for decades . Some victims accuse Corradi , the same priest now being charged in Argentina , according to the Associated Press .
In 2009 , students in the Italian school went public with horrifying tales of their abuse . The Vatican ordered an investigation and sanctioned four accused priests , but not Corradi .
After the students again named Corradi as an abuser living in Pope Francis 's native Argentina in a 2014 letter to the pope and a bishop in Verona , Italy , the Vatican still took no action . But this year a Vatican official said Pope Francis wanted to assure the victims that the church was taking measures to protect children and prevent sexual abuse . A Vatican investigative commission recently visited Mendoza to learn more about the case against the priests .
The accused priests are being held at a jail in Mendoza and have not spoken publicly since the arrests . If found guilty , they could face 10 to 50 years in prison .
Lawyers called Kumiko “ the demon with the face of a woman ” behind the abuse , Prensa Libre reported .
Kumiko was born in Japan and arrived in Argentina with their family in 1977 . I parents later died , and Kumiko became a nun in the year 2000 . After serving at the Provolo Institute , they were based in different religious schools in the province of Buenos Aires .
In court , Kumiko said the allegations are a “ strategy of the victims ' families to get money. ” They said the wave of accusations against priests and nuns is nothing more than “ a campaign of discrediting the Church , intended to defile an entire religious order . ”
A couple of years ago Turner 's networks TNT and TBS made news when they crashed the broadcasters annual Upfront Week in May as a signal they were just as much a player as the Big 4 when it came to advertising . Now Turner is bringing the rest of its crew with it , announcing today that Adult Swim , Boomerang , Cartoon Network , CNN , HLN , TBS , TNT , truTV and Turner Sports are joining forces for one Turner Upfront 2015 event . The presentation is set for May 13 at The Theater at Madison Square Garden .
This will be the first go-around at the Upfronts for the November hire of former Fox Chairman Kevin Reilly as President of TNT and TBS and Chief Creative Officer of Turner Entertainment — roles intended to take the place of departed Turner Entertainment Networks president Steve Koonin , who exited just before the Upfronts last year , and former TNT and TBS Programming president Michael Wright , who left in August .
“ As a global leader in content spanning all platforms , we look forward to sharing our diverse portfolio of leading brands with the industry like never before , ” said Turner Broadcasting President David Levy , who made the announcement today with Turner Broadcasting Sales president Donna Speciale .
In the recent past , Adult Swim was the only other Turner property to have a public face in New York during the week , with a post-Upfront party and usually a big guest or performer . That will continue , the network said today , with guests to be announced .
Five years ago this week , the U.S. began its intervention in the Libyan revolts against Moammar Qaddafi . Hillary Clinton , likely Democratic presidential candidate and reasonably likely next president of these United States , had a lot to do with all that mess , being secretary of state at the time .
In a detailed and damning look back on our little Libyan adventure and its aftermath in Foreign Policy , Micah Zenko looks at what Secretary Clinton thought about what had happened and their role in it . They note that they very much sloughs over the time period when the clear purpose , from the U.S. perspective , went from `` protect [ ing ] civilians in Libya '' to overthrowing the regime .
They have little to say about a U.S.-led NATO coalition 's role in helping the rebels along and adding both to casualties at the time and enduring trouble and chaos five years later .
Zenko sees , with merit , that the the Libya story and would-be president Hillary Clinton 's role in it is a valuable and informative `` case study for the ways that supposedly limited interventions tend to mushroom into campaigns for regime change . ''
Obama started on March 28 , 2011 , assuring us it was all about `` protect [ ing ] the Libyan people from immediate danger and to establish a no-fly zone.… Broadening our military mission to include regime change would be a mistake. ” Various other administration officials echoed that in the coming weeks .
Then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , though , `` told the New York Times last month that ' I ca n't recall any specific decision that said , ‘ Well , let 's just take them out , ' although at the time `` 'the fiction was maintained ” that the goal was limited to disabling Colonel Qaddafi 's command and control . ''
Zenko details that the actual pattern of NATO 's strikes makes it hard to believe they were n't trying to kill Qaddafi pretty much from the beginning though it was denied straight-up by administration figures .
In fact , the NATO forces were not only not sticking to enforcing U.N. Security Council resolutions but actively facilitating their violation when it came to supplying arms to the rebels , which was supposed to be a no-no .
In this sense , then , it was an American intervention that at least achieved its real goal , if not one worth the expenditure of U.S. treasure and reputation , and one we should have lived to regret . As Zenko wrote :
on Oct. 20 , 2011 , it was a U.S . Predator drone and French fighter aircraft that attacked a convoy of regime loyalists trying to flee Qaddafi 's hometown of Sirte . The dictator was injured in the attack , captured alive , and then extrajudicially murdered by rebel forces .
This sort of lying to the American people about what our military is trying to do is a long tradition and ongoing to this day in terms of our essentially combat operations against ISIS . This sort of thing , this :
gradual accretion of troops , capabilities , arms transfers , and expanded military missions seemingly just “ happens , ” because officials frame each policy step as normal and necessary . The reality is that , collectively , they represent a fundamentally larger and different intervention .
Clinton tried to show some warrior cojones with their famous `` We came , we saw , they died '' zinger . Clinton described that before an October 2015 hearing as `` an expression of relief that the military mission undertaken by NATO and our other partners had achieved its end . ”
But as Zenko 's article makes clear , that was n't the end that we the people were told was being pursued . And Clinton 's eager central role in such a game of tricking both U.S. and world opinion into not caring much about military actions by misleading us about their goals and intentions is something I hope voters do n't forget .
I wrote on some larger issues involving the penumbra of misleading secrecy surrounding American foreign policy in `` Secret Foreign Policy is Bad for Democracy . '' That 's still quite true , even when the secrets are kept by Democratic presidential aspirants .
Reason TV on the Obama administration 's tendency to wage wars that are n't `` really wars . ''
Scenes like this in the middle of Tysons Corner led Fairfax planers to avoid adding parking garages at Silver Line stations . ( Bill O'Leary — The Washington Post )
Toward the end of Monday 's online chat , I annoyed some readers by referring to Metro garages as car magnets . Not everyone got a proper chance to assail my conclusion , so I thought I 'd offer that opportunity on the blog .
The discussion got started with this exchange between one traveler and me .
Q . Parking in DC
I was in Boston last week . They have traffic and a public transit system . However , garages in downtown Boston charge at least $ 20 – $ 40 a day . In DC , it is cheaper for some people to drive in and park than it is to take transit , even with subsidies . Perhaps if garages raised their rates , more people would carpool or take transit . Your thoughts Doctor ? A. I moved to DC from NYC in 1988 , so I 've always been very aware of how cheap it is to park in downtown DC . ( When I left New York , it cost $ 20 to park in midtown Manhattan . ) I also know that many employers throughout the DC region offer a huge subsidy to their employees by providing free parking . This is an enormous incentive to drive . Metrorail also provides an enormous incentive to drive by surrounding its suburban stations with massive parking garages . At the same time , I resist the idea of punishing people for using the systems that were built for them . So I do n't like the idea of just jacking up the price of parking and then declaring a win . The region 's governments would have to make transit travel a lot more convenient to match any new disincentives for driving .
It was the Metrorail sentence that provoked the followups .
Q . What ? Metro 's garages give people an incentive to ride Metro into the city and keep their cars out . What do you think downtown traffic would be like without Metro 's garages ? How are people supposed to get to the subway , unless you think Metro operates bus routes within walking distance of every home in the region ? One of Metro 's biggest failings is that it did n't build enough suburban garages ( like their absence from the new Tysons stops ) . Every car parked in a Metro garage is a car off K Street . A. I think it would be much better if people had alternative ways of reaching suburban Metro stations . Today , the Metro garages are car magnets .
At that point , I had to leave the chat room , but I later noticed these reader responses .
Q . If people 's lives were “ home to Metro , Metro to work , work to Metro , Metro to home , ” sure other methods are great . However , who has that ? Many people I know have errands to run after work ( be it picking up the kids , grocery store , meetings , etc . ) For all of these , you need a car after getting off the Metro . Q . Would you rather have all of the cars on the Beltway or interior connectors ? This is a very narrow-minded and short-sighted opinion .
I 'd like to offer a few more points and then open up for additional comments :
Nearly 300 extra security force personnel have been drafted in to Lourdes
Bag checks were in operation at a reduced number of entrances to the shrine
The festival draws tens of thousands of pilgrims from throughout the world
Troops are taking part in the security operation at the religious site
Hundreds of extra security personnel have been drafted in for the annual pilgrimage to Lourdes
Heavy security has been put in place for the annual Catholic pilgrimage to a shrine in the French town of Lourdes in the wake of recent terror attacks .
Armed troops and police are patrolling the holy site , which draws pilgrims from around the world , some of whom will be seeking to be cured by its famous spring water .
Bag checks were in operation for visitors entering the Lourdes sanctuary , through a reduced number of entrances compared to previous years .
Concerns have been heightened over the terror threat after two extremists claiming allegiance to Islamic State stormed a morning Mass and slit an elderly priest 's throat in Normandy last month .
Lourdes officials refused to cancel this year 's pilgrimage , which sees tens of thousands flock to the sanctuary in the foothills of the Pyrenees for the Feast of the Assumption on 15 August , marking the ascent of the Virgin Mary into Heaven .
: : History Of Deadly Attacks In France
However , a number of other festivals around France have been called off due to security concerns .
Image : Father Jacques Hamel was killed in Saint-Etienne-du-Rouvray last month
Roads were also closed in the market town to ensure the safety of pedestrians .
Last month , a truck was rammed into crowds celebrating Bastille Day on the waterfront in Nice , killing 84 and injuring dozens more .
Nearly 300 extra security force personnel have been drafted in to Lourdes - including bomb squads and dog units - to help local forces , raising the overall presence to more than 500 .
Daniel Valdes , a 29-year-old pilgrim from Barcelona , said : `` Yes , there is a lot of security , a lot of checking of the bags and yes there is a lot surveillance of all the enclosure . ''
Speaking to security forces during a visit to the town , French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said : `` I 've mobilised you all for several months , especially this summer , during an extremely high terrorist threat level . ''
Lourdes has been a religious centre of pilgrimage since the mid-19th century when a village girl said they had visions of the Virgin Mary .
Democrats are talking tough heading toward a year-end showdown over the Bush-era tax rates , but some liberals and Republicans are skeptical they will back up their rhetoric with action .
President Obama and Democratic leaders took a similar stance ahead of the 2010 midterm election and then backed down in December of that year by extending virtually all of the George W. Bush-era tax rates in return for a payroll tax holiday and unemployment benefits .
Many rank-and-file Democrats were outraged by the deal and vowed they would not let it happen again , but some liberals and Republicans see a possible repeat of history .
When asked if they think Obama and Democratic leaders will stand firm at the end of this year , Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard ( Bernie ) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' MORE ( Vt. ) , an outspoken critic of the 2010 deal , said “ maybe . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Sanders , an Independent who caucuses with Democrats , was so angered by the agreement Obama struck with Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE ( Ky. ) they held the Senate floor for eight and a half hours to voice their opposition . They said more Democrats are coming around to their view .
“ When many Democrats go home and they hear from constituents who say , ‘ Why did you give Republicans almost everything they wanted when you controlled the House , the Senate and the White House ? ' they do n't have a good answer to that , ” they said .
Ron Bonjean , who served as a senior aide to former Senate Republican Leader Trent Lott ( Miss . ) and House Speaker Dennis Hastert ( R-Ill. ) , said the Democrats ' talk is not convincing .
“ There 's a game of chicken that Democrats like to play and lose and will likely lose again , ” they said . “ The tough talk about the fiscal cliff is nothing but that . It will boomerang back , the blame will boomerang back at the Democrats .
“ There 's nothing new here , ” they added , making reference to the brief 2010 standoff .
Senate and House leaders have planned votes on the Bush tax rates before the August recess , but neither Democratic nor Republican plans are expected to pass .
The deadline for extending the rates is the end of the year , and congressional aides say the question of whether to extend all the rates or only those for the middle class will likely wait until after Election Day , when lawmakers will know who will control the White House , Senate and House .
The latest Democratic salvo came from Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray Patricia ( Patty ) Lynn MurrayThis week : Congress , Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Johnson & Johnson subpoenaed by DOJ and SEC , company says MORE ( Wash. ) in a speech to the Brookings Institution on Monday .
“ Unless Republicans end their commitment to protecting the rich above all else , our country is going to have to face the consequences of Republican intransigence , ” they said , suggesting that Democrats would be willing to let all the Bush-era tax rates expire unless Republicans agree to find ways to raise new tax revenue .
Former Clinton budget director Alice Rivlin said at the Brookings event that Murray 's statement could serve as a useful negotiating strategy .
Democratic strategists acknowledge a certain amount of gamesmanship .
“ Part of it is framing the election debate , ” said Mike Lux , a Democratic strategist . “ Of course there are some negotiating tactics at play .
“ People are laying out where their positions are and then will negotiate from there , ” they added .
Democrats say there are some crucial differences between now and 2010 .
They have the additional leverage of $ 55 billion in automatic cuts to the military in 2013 , which influential Republicans such as Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid : ‘ A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans ' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE ( Ariz. ) are committed to stopping .
Unlike two years ago , Republicans including McCain and Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote : 'Be strong and smart ' This week : Congress , Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE ( R-S.C. ) say they are willing to raise new revenues by eliminating niche tax breaks .
Another big difference — although few Democrats point to it publicly — is that Obama will not face reelection two years down the road . Obama did not want to risk an expiration of the Bush tax rates in 2010 because they would have been accused of raising taxes during their reelection bid .
“ I think people think that was a different time and the president is in a different place politically , ” said Lux . “ Obama is going to run on the progressive tax issue . ”
Republicans , meanwhile , are hammering Democrats on the issue .
McConnell accused Democrats of playing “ an entirely avoidable high-stakes game of chicken ” and warned that a failure to extend the Bush-era tax rates and avert cuts to military spending would threaten to plunge the nation back into recession .
And House Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley , Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action , Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE ( R-Ohio ) asked , “ Has it come to this , that Democrats are willing to hurt jobs and tank our economy for the sake of a small-business tax hike that would also have disastrous consequences ? ”
Liberal lawmakers , who staunchly oppose a replay of the 2010 tax debate , applaud the deployment of forceful tactics .
“ Not only did the Democrats take a bad deal , America got a bad deal , ” said Rep. Peter Welch Peter Francis WelchBooker wins 2020 endorsement of every New Jersey Democrat in Congress Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Drug pricing fight centers on insulin | Florida governor working with Trump to import cheaper drugs | Dems blast proposed ObamaCare changes Bill would let patients buy cheaper insulin from other countries MORE ( D-Vt. ) . “ The president 's concern was not having a government shutdown , but the price we paid was a continuation of the Bush tax cuts at a cost of $ 800 billion in exchange for $ 13 billion in unemployment relief . ”
Welch said Obama has reassured liberals by campaigning vigorously against extending the Bush tax rates for the nation 's wealthiest income earners .
“ The president is being very firm on their explicit position that they wo n't agree on extending the Bush tax cuts above $ 250,000 , ” they said .
Welch admits he 's not 100 percent certain Obama will hold the line , but says they are growing more hopeful .
“ There 's always a possibility that something can happen with anybody , including the president , but what I 'm seeing is a good deal of strengthening confidence because of the president 's clarity , ” they said .
— Erik Wasson contributed to this report .
The Cuban Workers ' Federation and its unions support the Revolutionary Government Statement , in the face of the aggressive speech by the President of the United States Donald Trump , regarding relations between that country and Cuba , and ratify the conviction to stand firm in defense of this genuine Revolution , built with and for the workers , under the leadership of Fidel and Raúl .
Having chosen to address relations with Cuba in a setting linked to the invasion of Playa Girón , and treating mercenaries like heroes , constitutes an offense for all those from the most humble ranks of our nation , many of them workers , who defended their socialist homeland until they were forced to bite the dust of defeat .
As the text issued by the Cuban government expresses , Trump 's words constitute a setback in relations between the two countries , given the threat of rigorously enforcing the blockade laws , conditioning its lifting , as well as any improvement in bilateral relations , on our country making changes inherent to its constitutional order .
But this backward step does not intimidate us . From our trench in production and services , Cuban workers , with their intelligence , ingenuity and creativity , will continue to break down the barriers imposed by the blockade , as has happened for almost 60 years in which they have not been able to defeat us with this criminal siege .
As always we will continue to find solutions to the limitations , we will remain faithful to the Communist Party of Cuba , guiding the work we construct , which is strengthened by the updating of the Cuban economic model that has the workers as its fundamental protagonists .
In these circumstances we must maximize productive reserves and the rational use of all material and financial resources , including labor and technological discipline .
We make our own the rejection expressed in the Statement by the Revolutionary Government of the manipulation of the issue of human rights for political purposes , and the double standards in addressing it . We are outraged to hear Trump talk about human rights for Cubans , when on the triumph of January 1959 the Revolution guaranteed the right to work and equal pay for women and men , social security , universal and free health and education , to a dignified life and to civil order . Perhaps Trump intends to prevent , with the restriction on visits by their fellow citizens to Cuba , that they may verify the enjoyment here of those rights that are disrespected in their own country ?
We have a history of revolutionary intransigence , resistance and rebellion , guided by the teachings of José Martí , who knew the beast as they had lived in its belly , and faced with the aspirations of the giant ratified that their sling was that of David , that which we have wielded for decades and against which the hopes of returning us to the neocolonial past have failed .
Our rich tradition of struggle provides us with motivations that inspire us to defend the achievements made and continue to move forward . We have demonstrated this with our unwavering position of principles before the aggressiveness of successive U.S. administrations .
Each labor collective will be a stronghold against imperialist ambitions . Once again the U.S. government is wrong about Cuba and its workers , who will not give up our independence or our solid unity .
We will never sacrifice our right to build a sovereign , independent , socialist , democratic , prosperous and sustainable nation .
The Yamaha PW-X motor system . The Yamaha PW-X motor system .
We 've heard many anecdotal stories about eMTB users often coming from the motorcycle world , and Yamaha is clearly taking aim at those riders who will recognize a familiar name . It is possible that motorcycle brands like Yamaha will come in and eat traditional bike manufacturers ' lunch with eMTBs . Surely Yamaha has some competitive advantages over the companies that they supply motors to , but will they bring enough bike experience to the table to create a compelling offering ?
Bicycle makers , most of which are staffed by ex-competitors , will wage a technology war against each other , both on the racetracks and in their boardrooms , and in doing so , will win the battle for the motor makers . ( ... ) When that happens , bike makers will have nothing valuable to sell them that could n't be produced elsewhere for less . Read more ... — Richard Cunningham , September 2016
Yamaha Motor Corp. , USA , Entering U.S. Electric Bicycle Market , All-New Prototype Models to be on Display at Interbike
CYPRESS , Calif. – September 12 , 2017 – Yamaha Motor Corp. , USA , announced today it will enter the U.S. electric bicycle market in 2018 . Yamaha will launch its “ Yamaha Power Assist Bicycles ” brand to the U.S. at Interbike , the largest bicycle trade event in North America . Yamaha invites bicycle retailers to visit its booth at Interbike in Las Vegas , September 20-22 , 2017 , for a first opportunity to view prototype models , as the company establishes relationships with specific retailers currently servicing cycling consumers .
“ Yamaha has been a pioneer , inventor , and innovator in electric bicycles for more than two decades , ” said Terry Okawa , President , Yamaha Motor Corp. , U.S.A .
Yamaha Motor Company , Ltd. ( YMC ) launched the world 's first electrically power assisted bicycle in 1993 and has since produced more than 4 million drive units and sold over 2 million Yamaha power assist bicycles . YMC supplies class-leading e-Bike Systems to select OEM partners worldwide .
“ Everyone at Yamaha is excited to be entering the rapidly expanding U.S. e-Bike market and sharing Yamaha 's passion for exciting products and legendary product performance , innovative design , quality and reliability with the growing e-Bike audience , ” said Rob Trester , Division Manager , New Business Development Division which is launching the Yamaha Power Assist Bicycles brand .
Yamaha 's Power Assist Bicycles are scheduled to be available at U.S. dealers starting in 2018 .
Learn more starting September 20 , 2017 , at
About Yamaha Motor Corp. , USA
Yamaha Motor Corporation , USA , ( YMUS ) headquartered in Cypress , Calif. , since its incorporation in 1976 , is a leader in the outdoor recreation market . The company 's ever-expanding product offerings include Power Assist Bicycles , ATV and Side-by-Side vehicles , motorcycles , outboard motors , personal watercraft , snowmobiles , boats , outdoor power equipment , accessories , apparel and much more . Yamaha also has facilities in Wisconsin and Georgia , as well as factory operations in Tennessee and Georgia . For more information on Yamaha Power Assist Bicycles , visit www.yamahabicycles.com .
CYPRESS , Calif. – September 12 , 2017 – Yamaha Motor Corp. , USA , announced today it will enter the U.S. electric bicycle market in 2018 . Yamaha will launch its “ Yamaha Power Assist Bicycles ” brand to the U.S. at Interbike , the largest bicycle trade event in North America . Yamaha invites bicycle retailers to visit its booth at Interbike in Las Vegas , September 20-22 , 2017 , for a first opportunity to view prototype models , as the company establishes relationships with specific retailers currently servicing cycling consumers. “ Yamaha has been a pioneer , inventor , and innovator in electric bicycles for more than two decades , ” said Terry Okawa , President , Yamaha Motor Corp. , U.S.A.Yamaha Motor Company , Ltd. ( YMC ) launched the world 's first electrically power assisted bicycle in 1993 and has since produced more than 4 million drive units and sold over 2 million Yamaha power assist bicycles . YMC supplies class-leading e-Bike Systems to select OEM partners worldwide. “ Everyone at Yamaha is excited to be entering the rapidly expanding U.S. e-Bike market and sharing Yamaha 's passion for exciting products and legendary product performance , innovative design , quality and reliability with the growing e-Bike audience , ” said Rob Trester , Division Manager , New Business Development Division which is launching the Yamaha Power Assist Bicycles brand.Yamaha 's Power Assist Bicycles are scheduled to be available at U.S. dealers starting in 2018.Learn more starting September 20 , 2017 , at yamahabicycles.com and follow on Facebook Instagram , and YouTube.Yamaha Motor Corporation , USA , ( YMUS ) headquartered in Cypress , Calif. , since its incorporation in 1976 , is a leader in the outdoor recreation market . The company 's ever-expanding product offerings include Power Assist Bicycles , ATV and Side-by-Side vehicles , motorcycles , outboard motors , personal watercraft , snowmobiles , boats , outdoor power equipment , accessories , apparel and much more . Yamaha also has facilities in Wisconsin and Georgia , as well as factory operations in Tennessee and Georgia . For more information on Yamaha Power Assist Bicycles , visit www.yamahabicycles.com .
Yamaha Motors is launching a new division , dubbed `` Yamaha Bicycles , '' to enter the electric-assist fray with their own line of complete bikes . Previously they 'd supplied eMTB motors to companies like Lapierre , Giant , Haibike , and more , but it appears they will now also be bringing an in-house offering to market.Our own Richard Cunningham has been predicting motorcycle companies ' entry into the eMTB market for quite some time now , and with both Yamaha and KTM ( via Pexco ) developing eMTBs it certainly feels like a significant shift is underway.Another major question will be on pricing , which is yet to be announced . Yes , the familiar refrain of `` I could buy a motorcycle for that '' could ring out—more ironically than usual ; but itpossible that Yamaha 's economies of scale and production efficiencies could result in lower , disruptive prices.Their focus here is clearly the US market , where many feel that eMTBs could threaten trail access . While some eMTB manufacturers that are selling in North America have chosen to not address trail access issues , it seems likely that Yamaha will work to help safeguard our sport 's most important resource . Conversely , Yamaha being a motorcycle company may fan the flames of opposition to eMTB access.No word yet on distribution channels , but we expect Yamaha to open accounts in traditional IBDs as well as leverage their existing dealer network.Will they bring a motorcycle-influenced approach ( KYB ? Öhlins ? ) to their suspension ? Will they use the same motor technology they offer to other bike manufacturers ? Will they make non-electric bikes as well ? Yamaha were tight-lipped about their plans , but with Interbike just days away we 're sure to get some answers soon.Press release below .
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Monaco have brought Belgian second tier side Cercle Brugge to help unearth the next Kylian Mbappe .
The French giants are three points clear at the top of Ligue 1 with a game in hand over second placed Paris Saint Germain .
But their new partnership could help them become even stronger as they plan to loan young players to Brugge and help find new youngsters .
Current star Mbappe is one of the most in-demand wonderkids in the world - with Manchester United , Real Madrid and Juventus among the giants attempting to secure their signature .
( Image : AFP )
( Image : REUTERS )
The France international was picked up from famed academy Clairefontaine in 2015 .
Brugge are currently managed by former Charlton and Blackpool boss Jose Riga - who oversaw the Addicks fall into League One .
Brugge wrote on their website : `` AS Monaco and Cercle Bruges are pleased to announce the acquisition of the Belgian second division club by the Monegasque outfit , effective Friday .
( Image : Rex Features )
`` The project will contribute to the club 's sporting growth as part of its youth development policy .
`` The General Meeting of Cercle Bruges shareholders unanimously voted in favour of granting a majority stake to AS Monaco . The project will contribute to the club 's sporting growth as part of its youth development policy .
`` Cercle Bruges was founded in 1899 and is one of Belgium 's historic clubs . Its core values and character will remain fully intact . More details will be announced on Saturday . ''
What with the arrival of the category-defining Commodore VIC-20 and the dramatic growth of the British PC market , 1981 has provided us with no shortage of new machines and other technical developments to talk about . Yet I 've saved the biggest event of all for last : the introduction of the IBM PC , the debut of an architecture that is still with us over 30 years later . As such a pivotal event in the history of computing , there 's been plenty written about it already , and no small amount of folklore of dubious veracity has also clustered around it . Still , it 's not something we can ignore here , for the introduction of the IBM PC in late 1981 marks the end of the first era of PCs as consumer products as surely as the arrival of the trinity of 1977 spelled the end of the Altair era of home-built systems . So , I 'll tell the tale here again . Along the way , I 'll try to knock down some pervasive myths .
One could claim that the IBM PC was not really IBM 's first PC at all . In September of 1975 the company introduced the IBM 5100 , their first “ portable ” computer . ( “ Portable ” meant that it weighed just 55 pounds and you could buy a special travel case to lug it around in . )
The 5100 was not technically a microcomputer ; it used a processor IBM had developed in-house called the PALM which was spread over an entire circuit board rather than being housed in a single microchip . From the end user 's standpoint , however , that made little difference ; certainly it would seem to qualify as a personal computer if not a microcomputer . It was a self-contained , Turing complete , programmable machine no larger than a suitcase , with a tape drive for loading and saving programs , a keyboard , and a 5-inch screen all built right in along with 16 K or more of RAM . What made the 5100 feel different from the first wave of PCs were its price and its promoted purpose . The former started at around $ 10,000 and could quickly climb to the $ 20,000 range . As for the latter : IBM pushed the machine as a serious tool for field engineers and the like in remote locations where they could n't access IBM 's big machines , not as anything for fun , education , hacking , or even office work . The last of these at least changed with two later iterations of the concept , the 5110 and 5120 , which were advertised as systems suitable for the office , with accounting , database , and even word processing applications available . Still , the prices remained very high , and actually outfitting one for this sort of office work would entail connecting it to a free-standing disk array that was larger than the machine itself , making the system look and feel more like a minicomputer and less like a PC . It 's nevertheless telling that , although it was almost never referred to by this name , the IBM PC when it finally arrived had the official designation of ( with apologies to Van Halen ) the IBM 5150 , a continuation of the 5100 line of portable computers rather than an entirely new thing — this even though it shared none of the architecture of its older siblings .
In February of 1978 IBM began working on its first microcomputer — and it still was n't the IBM PC . It was a machine called the System/23 Datamaster .
Designed once again for an office environment , the Datamaster was built around an Intel 8085 microprocessor . It was large and heavy ( 95 pounds ) , and still cost in the $ 10,000 range , which combined with its very business-oriented , buttoned-down personality continued to make it feel qualitatively different from machines like the Apple II . Yet it was technically a microcomputer . IBM was a huge company with a legendarily labyrinthine bureaucracy , meaning that projects could sometimes take an inordinately long time to complete . Despite the Datamaster project predating the PC project by two years , the former did n't actually come out until July of 1981 , just in time to have its thunder stolen by the announcement of the IBM PC the following month . Still , if the question of IBM 's first microcomputer ever comes up in a trivia game , there 's your answer .
The machine that would become known as the real IBM PC begins , of all places , at Atari . Apparently feeling their oats in the wake of the Atari VCS 's sudden Space Invaders-driven explosion in popularity and the release of the their own first PCs , the Atari 400 and 800 , they made a proposal to IBM 's chairperson Frank Cary in July of 1980 : if IBM wished to have a PC of their own , Atari would deign to build it for them . Far from being the hidebound mainframer that 's they often portrayed as , Cary was actually something of a champion of small systems — even if “ small systems ” in the context of IBM often meant something quite different from what it meant to the outside world . Cary turned the proposal over to IBM 's Director of Entry Systems , Bill Lowe , based out of Boca Raton , Florida . Lowe in turn took it to IBM 's management committee , who pronounced it “ the dumbest thing we 've ever heard of. ” ( Indeed , IBM and Atari make about the oddest couple imaginable . ) But at the same time , everyone knew that Lowe was acting at the personal behest of the chairperson , not something to be dismissed lightly if they cared at all about their careers . So they told Lowe to assemble a team to put together a detailed proposal for how IBM could build a PC themselves — and to please come back with it in just one month .
Lowe assembled a team of twelve or thirteen ( sources vary ) to draft the proposal . In defiance of all IBM tradition , they deliberately kept the team small , the management structure informal , hoping to capture some of the hacker magic that had spawned PCs in the first place . Their day-to-day project manager , Don Estridge , said , “ If you 're competing against people who started in a garage , you have to start in a garage. ” One might have expected IBM , the Goliath of the computer industry , to bludgeon their way into the PC market . Indeed , and even as they congratulated themselves for having built this new market using daring , creativity , and flexibility stolid IBM could not hope to match , many PC players lived in a sort of unvoiced dread of exactly this development . IBM , however , effectively decided to be a good citizen , to look at what was already out there and talk to those who had built the PC market to find out what was needed , where a theoretical IBM PC might fit . In that spirit , Jack Sams , head of software development , recommended that they talk to Microsoft . Sams was unusually aware of the PC world for an IBMer ; they had actually strongly pressed for IBM to buy the BASIC for the Datamaster from Microsoft , but had been overruled in favor of an in-house effort . “ It just took longer and cost us more , ” they later said . Sams called Bill Gates on July 21 , 1980 , asking if they ( Sams ) could drop by their Seattle office the next day for a friendly chat about PCs . “ Do n't get too excited , and do n't think anything big is about to happen , ” they said .
Gates and Steve Ballmer , their right-hand man and the only one in this company of hackers with a business education , nevertheless both realized that this could be very big indeed . When Sams arrived with two corporate types in tow to function largely as “ witnesses , ” Gates came out personally to meet them . ( Sams initially assumed that Gates , who still had the face , physique , and voice of a twelve-year-old , was the office boy . ) Sams immediately whipped out the non-disclosure agreement that was standard operating procedure for IBM . Gates : “ IBM did n't make it easy . You had to sign all these funny agreements that sort of said IBM could do whatever they wanted , whenever they wanted , and use your secrets however they felt . So it took a little bit of faith. ” Nevertheless , they signed it immediately . Sams wanted to get a general sense of the PC market from Gates , a man who was as intimately familiar with it as anyone . In this respect , Gates was merely one of a number of prominent figures they spoke with . However , they also had an ulterior motive : to see just what kind of shop Gates was running , to try to get a sense of whether Microsoft might be a resource their team could use . They were very impressed .
After consulting with Gates and others , Lowe presented a proposal for the machine that IBM should build on August 8 . Many popular histories , such as the old PBS Triumph of the Nerds , give the impression that the IBM PC was just sort of slapped together in a mad rush . Actually , a lot of thought went into the design . There were two very interesting aspects .
At that time , almost all PCs used one of two CPUs : the MOS 6502 or the Zilog Z80 . Each was the product of a relatively small , upstart company , and each “ borrowed ” its basic instruction set and much of its design from another , more expensive CPU produced by a larger company — the Motorola 6800 and the Intel 8080 respectively . ( To add to the ethical questions , both were largely designed by engineers who had also been involved with the creation of their “ inspirations. ” ) Of more immediate import , both were 8-bit chips capable of addressing only 64 K of memory . This was already becoming a problem . The Apple II , for example , was limited , due to the need to also address 16 K of ROM , to 48 K of RAM at this time . We 've already seen the hoops that forced Apple and the UCSD team to run through to get UCSD Pascal running on the machine . Even where these CPUs ' limitation were n't yet a problem , it was clear they were going to be soon . The team therefore decided to go with a next-generation CPU that would make such constraints a thing of the past . IBM had a long history of working with Intel , and so it chose the Intel 8088 , a hybrid 8-bit / 16-bit design that could be clocked at up to 5 MHz ( far faster than the 6502 or Z80 ) and , best of all , could address a full 1 MB of memory . The IBM PC would have room to grow that its predecessors lacked .
The other interesting aspect was this much-vaunted idea of an “ open architecture. ” In Accidental Empires and even more so in Triumph of the Nerds Robert X. Cringely makes it out to be a choice born of necessity , just another symptom of the machine as a whole 's slapdash origins : “ An IBM product in a year ! Ridiculous ! To save time , instead of building a computer from scratch , they would buy components off the shelf and assemble them — what in IBM speak was called ‘ open architecture . ' ” Well , for starters “ open architecture ” is hardly “ IBM speak ” ; it 's a term used to describe the IBM PC almost everywhere — and probably least of all within IBM . ( In their meticulous , technically detailed Byte magazine article “ The Creation of the IBM PC , ” for example , team-member David J. Bradley does n't use it once . ) But what do people mean when they talk about “ open architecture ? ” Unfortunately for flip technology journalists , the “ openness ” or “ closedness ” of an architecture is not an either/or proposition , but rather , like so much else in life , a continuum . The Apple II , for example , was also a relatively open system in having all those slots Steve Wozniak had battled so hard for ( just about the only battle the poor fellow ever won over Steve Jobs ) , slots which let people take the machine to places its creators had never anticipated and which bear a big part of the responsibility for its remarkable longevity . Like IBM , Apple also published detailed schematics for the Apple II to enable people to take the machine places they never anticipated . The CP/M machines that were very common in business were even more open , being based on a common , well-documented design specification , the S-100 bus , and having plenty of slots themselves . This let them share both hardware and software .
Rather than talking of an open architecture , we might do better to talk of a modular architecture . The IBM would be a sort of computer erector set , a set of interchangeable components that the purchaser could snap together in whatever combination suited their needs and their pocketbook . Right from launch they could choose between a color video card that could do some graphics and play games , or a monochrome card that could display 80 columns of text . They could choose anywhere from 16 K to 256 K of onboard memory ; choose one or two floppy drives , or just a cassette drive ; etc . Eventually , as third-party companies got into the game and IBM expanded its product line , they would be all but drowned in choices . Most of the individual components were indeed sourced from other companies , and this greatly sped development . Yet using proven , well-understood components has other advantages too , advantages from which would derive the IBM PC 's reputation for stolid reliability .
While sourcing so much equipment from outside vendors was a major departure for IBM , in other ways the IBM PC was a continuation of the company 's normal design philosophy . There was no single , one-size-fits-all IBM mainframe . When you called to say you were interested in buying one of these monsters , IBM sent a rep or two out to your business to discuss your needs , your finances , and your available space with you . Then together you designed the system that would best suit , deciding how much disk storage , how much memory , how many and what kind of tape drives , what printers and terminals and punched-card readers , etc . In this light , the IBM PC was just a continuation of business as usual in miniature . Most other PCs of course offered some of this flexibility . It is nevertheless significant that IBM decided to go all-in for modularity , expandability , or , if we must , openness . Like the CPU choice , it gave the machine room to grow , as hard drives , better video cards , eventually sound cards became available . It 's the key reason that the architecture designed all those years ago remains with us today — in much modified form , of course .
The committee gave Lowe the go-ahead to build the computer . IBM , recognizing itself that its bureaucracy was an impediment to anyone really , you know , getting anything done , had recently come up with a concept it called the Independent Business Unit . The idea was that an IBU would work as a semi-independent entity , freed from the normal bureaucracy , with IBM acting essentially as the venture capitalists . Fortune magazine called the IBU , “ How to start your own company without leaving IBM. ” Chairman Cary , in a quote that has often been garbled and misattributed , called the IBU IBM 's answer to the question , “ How do you make an elephant [ IBM ] tap dance ? ” Lowe 's IBU would be code-named Project Chess , and the machine they would create would be code-named the Acorn . ( Apparently no one was aware of the British computer company of the same name . ) They were given essentially free rein , with one stipulation : the Acorn must be ready to go in just one year .
Story highlights Writers : America is not fulfilling promise to soldiers to help them on their return to society
They say veterans adrift face unemployment , homelessness , substance abuse , suicide
They say many cultures see embrace of veterans as critical . All Americans should , too
Writers : We must be one nation , together with our veterans , help them reintegrate , reconcile
Historian David W. Blight has written that the first Memorial Day took place in Charleston , South Carolina . On May 1 , 1865 , a crowd of African-Americans -- recently freed from slavery -- honored the Union soldiers entombed in the rocky ground of the Charleston Race Course .
Twenty-nine days later , William Tecumseh Sherman concluded their farewell order from the United States Army with the words , `` Your general now bids you farewell , with the full belief that , as in war you have been good soldiers , so in peace you will make good citizens . ''
Sebastian Junger
Jim McDermott
Karl Marlantes
On this Memorial Day 2014 , we must acknowledge , not as a member of Congress , a veteran of the Vietnam War and a journalist-filmmaker , but as one nation indivisible , that Sherman 's hope for American soldiers is not being realized today .
High rates of unemployment , homelessness , alcoholism , substance abuse and post-traumatic stress are decimating our community of veterans . With the wars of the past 13 years in Iraq and Afghanistan coming to a close , we are seeing too many casualties among American soldiers in this transition to peace .
In light of this crisis , we need a new kind of Memorial Day .
Many veterans are desperate to talk about their experiences with fellow Americans who accept shared responsibility for what is done in war , particularly the killing . Yet these conversations rarely happen today . How can a veteran truly come home unless we acknowledge that our nation 's wars are something we all chose and paid for ?
Returning Vietnam veterans were treated shamefully . That , thankfully , is behind America . We 've moved from outright hostility to awkward , if well-meant , expressions of `` thank you for your service '' and the creation of a number of new veterans services organizations .
However , there remains an abiding sense of national indifference , or worse , a sense that somehow veterans are victims . This must change .
There are more than 2 million Iraq and Afghanistan veterans in America . That they are all proud volunteers does n't excuse us from helping them come home .
JUST WATCHED 22 veterans kill themselves every day Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 22 veterans kill themselves every day 01:51
JUST WATCHED W.H . : Shinseki deserves credit Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH W.H . : Shinseki deserves credit 01:52
JUST WATCHED Korb says VA has gotten better under Shinseki Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Korb says VA has gotten better under Shinseki 02:37
Yes , the VA and other government services that cater to veterans need to work better , but there is an additional , crucial step that America must take : The entire nation must accept responsibility for the wounds , psychological and physical , that they bring home from war . Opposing the recent wars does not exempt one from this responsibility any more than opposing national health care exempts one from having to take care of America 's sick and injured .
Many veterans did n't see combat , but all were separated from their families for long periods and subjected to the enormous stresses of life in a war zone . Ironically , a consequence is that veterans often feel excluded from the very society they helped defend .
Other cultures understood this obligation to help rebuild the bond between a returning warrior and their community . In early Native American cultures , a warrior back from battle participated in purification ceremonies intended to reaffirm their identity . These rituals also empowered the community to welcome the warrior home : To listen to their battle tales , to appreciate their sacrifice , and to assert their value in society .
In our modern society , tribal rituals should give way to a concerted , national effort to share in the stories of our fighting men and women . Pomp and circumstance are fine , but what our veterans really need is a solemn commemoration that the wars of the past 13 years -- wars waged by all of us -- are over . Our veterans also need public forums in which to tell their stories . Our soldiers ' stories are visceral , and sometimes repugnant , and their telling can close the widening gap that exists between our military and the rest of American society .
We are either one nation or we 're not . We ca n't have it both ways . This is what future Memorial Days in America could mean to us all .
Whether through community forums , statewide listening tours or action at the federal level , a national embrace of our veterans ' experiences is a profound way to combat today 's veterans ' crisis . Each and every American must make a commitment to help return our soldiers to society : cleansed , rehabilitated , welcomed , and empowered .
Our soldiers deserve a Memorial Day 2.0 . And , as we help our veterans navigate their paths of reconciliation and reintegration , we may become better citizens ourselves .
We may also find that the answers to many of America 's most pressing challenges are found in the pain and pride , the tragedies and triumphs , of American soldiers .
There is a rich history behind Navy Strength gin , but there are precious few that are actually sold in the United States . We 've been not so patiently waiting for Plymouth 's Navy Strength Gin to hit American shores , so we were delighted when we heard that Leopold Bros. was jumping on the boat and doing a Navy Strength of their own . Leopold 's is the maker of one of our favorite American Gins , Leopold 's American Small Batch Gin , which is made in a style that is softer and less juniper-forward than its London Dry cousins .
For their Navy Strength , Leopold 's did n't just boost the proof on their Small Batch Gin , they went back to the drawing board and went in an entirely different direction using double the amount of juniper , distilled bergamot , and stronger coriander and cardamon . The result is an intense gin that is a bipolar opposite of their Small Batch Gin .
Leopold 's Navy Strength American Gin ( $ 39 , 57 % / 114 proof ) is anything but subtle on the nose . Whereas the small batch gin lures you in with soft , supple notes , the Navy Strength declares itself from the first whiff . The fact that Leopold 's used double the juniper with this gin is extremely apparent on the nose , which is extremely floral . Even at this high proof the nose shows off Todd Leopold 's impecable distilling , and while strong , is n't overly vapory .
The entry is intensely floral with a monster blast of bergamot that slams into you from the moment it hits your palate . Underneath the bergamot is strong juniper which comes off more floral than spicy . In the mid palate , clear orris root emerges along with coriander and cardamom . It can sometimes be difficult to pick out the individual components in a gin , but here they line up single file , each extremely clear and present . The spice in the mid palate helps transition the gin from its intensely floral beginnings , but it 's impossible to shake the overbearingness of the bergamot . The finish is long and very flavorful with the bergamot , juniper , and cardamom sticking around on the palate for a long time .
Leopold 's Navy Strength American Gin is an extremely intense gin . Sipped neat , it 's completely overwhelming . It 's hard to get past the blast you get from the bergamot , the juniper , and the cardamom , and the gin puts you in a defensive mode rather than a space where you want to dig and explore . Mixing with the gin also proved to be difficult . The floral notes are so strong , they took over when we used the Leopold 's Navy Strength in a Martini , did n't play well in a Negroni and was way too much for an Aviation . The gin did , however , do extremely well when mixed with tonic water , and showed best with Schweppes Indian Tonic .
It 's a little bit of a head scratcher why Leopold 's went back to the drawing board for this gin . Their Small Batch Gin is so exceptional with such finesse that we would have preferred they bring that mix into the higher proof world of Navy Strength . There 's no doubt that the craftsmanship of this gin is solid , but we feel that Todd Leopold went a little too far with this gin . It 's a classic example of “ if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it ” and while we respect the effort , we feel this gin is only going to appeal to a very specific audience looking for extremely strong floral and spice notes in their gin glass .
Damaged vehicles are seen after mortar bombs landed on two areas in Damascus April 29 , 2014 , in this handout photograph released by Syria 's national news agency SANA . REUTERS/SANA/Handout via Reuters
BEIRUT ( Reuters ) - Car bombs and mortar attacks killed at least 51 people in Syrian government-held areas of Damascus and the central city of Homs on Tuesday , a day after President Bashar al-Assad declared they would seek re-election in June .
Government forces have pushed back the mainly Sunni Muslim rebels seeking to topple Assad from many of their strongholds around Damascus , but residents say the insurgents have stepped up rocket and mortar attacks against the heart of the capital in recent weeks .
Forces loyal to Assad , whose Alawite sect is an offshoot of Shi'ite Islam , are also in control of most of Homs . The attacks targeted Alawite and Shi'ite areas of the two cities .
In Homs , at least 37 people including children were killed by twin car bombs near a busy roundabout in the Alawite neighborhood of Zahraa . A local security source put the death toll at 42 .
In central Damascus , two mortar shells struck an education complex in the mainly Shi'ite Muslim district of Shaghour , killing at least 14 people and wounding dozens .
The state news agency SANA described the Badr el-Din Hussaini complex as a religious jurisprudence college , but residents said there were also primary and secondary school students there .
SANA said 14 people had been killed and 86 wounded but the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , which monitors the violence in Syria , put the death toll at 17 .
Although the solar panels are fully recyclable , the government imposed environmental pollution tribute on them . It is twice as much as on the batteries . In addition , product charges are also must be paid for the generator and the control unit of the wind power generators – though we do not even build them . Is the Paks nuclear lobby pushing or is it just a blind recovering of money ? – Greenfo.hu asks
Product charges must be paid for solar panels producing environmentally friendly electricity from January , Hungarian Solar Collector Association spotted . The new , internationally unprecedented tax can only be explained by recovering money because used solar cell is non-hazardous waste and can be recycled by 100 % . With tiny tax amendment , the Orban-government will probably win the attention of the world : environmental levies ( in principle , a green tax which offsets the environmental impact of the given product ) must be paid after the solar cells per kilogram .
Greenfo.hu has not found any similar initiatives neither by searching on the Internet nor by consulting with professional organizations : installation of solar panels , which are generating electricity without environmental emission – is encouraged by tax incentives and subsidies everywhere . However , in Hungary , the proportion of the electricity produced by solar energy is the lowest in the whole of the EU and because of the state withdrawal ; solar panels will become much more expensive .
Would it be more dangerous than batteries ?
The rate of the new tax , which seems contrary to the original purposes of the product fee law , is astounding : HUF 114 per kilogram must be paid for aluminum , silicon- assembled , fully recyclable solar panels , while the product charge of the acid and toxic heavy metal- containing batteries is only HUF 57 , so the government considers the solar panels twice as dangerous as the batteries .
114/kg product fee must be paid after the solar cells from January 01 2015 which means an approximately HUF 2000-2500 modular increase .
The average life span of the solar cells is 35-40 years , they are completely recyclable since they made of silicon i.e . the fifth most common element in the earth and their frame is made of aluminum . During the operation , solar cells are reducing CO2 emission as they 're producing electricity from the energy of the sun , a renewable energy , thereby replacing the traditional fossil and nuclear power so it can be in no way called polluter .
Even so – the solar panel is the best investment
Solar panel is still the best investment because annual yield of photovoltaic systems is 10 % , despite the fact that solar panels and electricity are charged by the highest rate of VAT in the EU and the tariff of electricity is still the lowest . The drastic environmental fees are applied to the HUF 35000-55000 + VAT solar modules and it worsens the time of return which is still the longest in our country . Nowadays , thousands of workers of approximately 700 companies produce solar panels , installs and operates solar systems . Businesses are deploying systems for HUF 5000-10000 labor fee per panel so the prize of the systems significantly rises .
Because of this new product fee and the outstanding VAT , foreign enterprises have positional advantage because product fee is only the responsibility and VAT is significantly lower in every surrounding country . Slovak firms are increasingly installing solar systems in our country with more and more extra profit , Greenfo.hu says .
To the question of nol.hu , Erno Kiss , president of the Association of the Hungarian Solar Cell and Solar System confirmed that the amended law from January contains product counterfeiting charges of solar cells which is clarified next to the name in the text of the law the heading , too .
Previously , tax relief also existed in Hungary – in the form of special VAT rate – but this has now been abolished and instead of it , the Hungarian sun cell customers have to pay the highest VAT of the world and the product fee . Moreover , a new cost must be accounted from March : the so-called remote-controlled fire power switch will be mandatory . This is designed to disconnect the solar panel from the electrical system in case of fire , preventing firefighters to suffer electrical shock because of the solar-electricity . Greenfo.hu knows that this switch is also mandatory in Germany , although in most EU countries , firefighters foam the solar cells in order to prevent electricity-production for the time of the firefighting .
The two changes , the product fee and the fire protection device together could make even with 40 % more expensive the solar panel investment . From March , one has to pay HUF 400000 more for an investment which cost HUF 1-1.2 million last year . Another interesting feature is that among from the main parts of the wind turbines , the generator and the control unit also have product fees – albeit the government has not issued new wind power plant construction permit for years , it is only a conceptual barrier yet , Greenfo.hu says .
According to the data from 2014 , only a negligible fraction of the 4 million Hungarian households , approximately 15- 20000 units have solar panels . This number will not increase in the near future because the rate of investment was around ten year even before this dramatic increase .
According to Greenfo.hu , LMP thinks it is unacceptable that the Orban government wants to make more expensive with taxes the environmentally friendly solar panels . The party will provide a proposal for amending the law and they ask the President to prevent the taxation of the solar panels . Another party , the PM will make a written question to the Minister concerned to know what the reason is the taxation and what would they do in order to correct the clearly flawed legislation .
based on the article of Greenfo.hu
translated by BA
Photo : www.helioactive.com
Source : http : //www.greenfo.hu/
Oct 28 , 2017 ; Ames , IA , USA ; Iowa State Cyclones wide receiver Allen Lazard ( 5 ) catches a pass in front of TCU Horned Frogs cornerback Ranthony Texada ( 11 ) in the second quarter at Jack Trice Stadium . Mandatory Credit : Reese Strickland-USA TODAY Sports
Playing with House Money . That is where the Cyclones are eight games in to the 2017 campaign . Six wins locked up , a share of first place in the Big 12 , and more big games ahead .
There is more to accomplish and absolutely no expectations tied to the heights to which this team can rise . Nothing to lose , much to improve , foot loose and fancy free for the next four weeks of the season . Playing with house money is a great place to be and the Iowa State Cyclones are there .
There is so much to analyze from the TCU game . As always , I ca n't share all of my thoughts and may not even share the ones that are most critical . But , by way of introduction , let me start with some negative quick hits .
Do n't stop reading — read to the end of the Quick Hits — I promise a payoff .
Quick Hits
* * * Tackling has been one of the top three keys to Iowa State 's rise , yet , on Saturday the tackling was poor in spots throughout the game . TCU 's talent and speed had something to do with it , but there was a regression in tackling angles and just pure misses .
* * * The offensive line continues to struggle to block the run without marked improvement from week to week . This is a concerning trend . Last year the line improved as the run plays were switched to utilize the athleticism of lineman versus their negative power quotient . That same athleticism is n't present with this years group and consistent block fits and the ability to hold the blocks are sporadic .
* * * Offensive play calling is not a topic I venture in to much because it is too easy for me to criticize when I am not with the team in practice and not under pressure to make calls in a game situation . But , there are tools based on previous game plans that can be utilized in pressure situations as adjustments that have not appeared when stagnation occurs . TCU was very good Saturday but there were some options on the edge and in the passing game that ISU has used previously that I think would have worked . That said , the plan was not bad , was effective enough , and most importantly chewed the clock .
* * * Missed field goals are not expected and can tip the margin of error to the negative . That must be improved in the near future .
* * * ISU threw an interception deep in its territory , missed a field goal , gave up a special teams touchdown , was gashed consistently on the edge , gave up over five yards per carry on the ground , managed only 1.6 yards per carry on the ground , and threw another pick six on what was very fortunately a free play . And still won the game .
* * * The point of the negativity is to point out that this team has significant room to improve . There is much to be worked on that can result in higher efficiency ( just ask Kirk ) and move this team in to an elite performance level . The “ Process ” is far from complete and the work ethic of this staff and these players leads one to believe that they will continue to chip away at the negatives and improve in the weeks to come .
Adversity Points
The presence of negative aspects of a game where the No . 4 team in the country is defeated means that Iowa State faced critical moments of adversity , some self created , that required a positive response . Coaches and players alike are required to respond to adverse situations and how one responds often decides a contest .
We , as fans , are accustomed to watching Iowa State battle to the precipice of a breakthrough , only to see them shy away from the challenge and break down . The response to adversity is often characterized as being met with “ intestinal fortitude ” , “ heart ” , “ belief ” , or “ rising to the occasion. ” It is intangible , found within , rooted in a competitive nature , and manifests in big plays in big moments .
One of my favorite songs by AC/DC is titled “ Stiff Upper Lip. ” I called for it in an article last year and we are seeing it now . Iowa State has a stiff upper lip and … .. sorry — had to pause for a dance break . Someone please set the highlight reel for this game to that song — just for me .
I am dubbing the moments where your backs are against the wall and a response is needed “ Adversity Points. ” I noted seven in the game against TCU . Each time , Iowa State responded and rose to the occasion . I pulled 22 clips , but had to pare it down to 11 with some narrative .
Adversity Point # 1
Early in the game , Iowa State was moving the ball on the ground and in the air . A big punt return by Trever Ryen set up an opportunity to score and put pressure on TCU 's offense and defense . On first down , David Montgomery takes an adequately blocked play and turns it in to something special .
The line fits their blocks here and Montgomery is not forced to make an evasive maneuver until they are three yards down field . They do so with violence and effort and turns a five-yard run in to a gain of 20 . This sets up first and goal from the eight . But , adversity strikes .
A holding penalty erases the scoring opportunity and puts Iowa State behind the chains . They are not able to recover and must punt with a short field . Make no mistake , this is a big momentum shift and boosts TCU 's confidence as it was beginning to wane .
After a penalty by TCU , ISU gives up 12 of the needed 15 yards to gain a new set of downs on the ensuing drive . TCU is one of the best teams in the country on third and short and it is right where they want to be . Third and short , sustain drives , pull the defense up and hit a big play is the formula for TCU 's offense .
Iowa State needs a stop here . They get it . This play should look familiar as the alignment is that same as we discussed last week . The execution is also the same . On a number of plays Joel Lanning dove inside on an outside run , but not on this play . In the big moment , Lima and Waggoner hold the line , Lanning reads the hole and fills for the stop . Iowa State stiffens and the first test is passed .
Adversity point # 2
TCU punts as a result of the play above and Iowa State is pinned deep . Field position has flipped and the offense is in an adverse position . In order to keep the defense in a solid position , the offense must get out of the shadow of their own endzone .
A stuffed run play and an incompletion puts Iowa State in a third and long situation with a likely punt from their end zone . TCU alternates its third downplay calling between pressure and drop 8 . Here they drop 8 in an alignment similar to what ISU runs .
Butler runs a fine out and in route . The route causes their zone defender to turn it over to the outside corner . They now have leverage across the middle for an easy throw from Kempt . The key is the second effort once the catch is made . A five yard catch turns in to a 17 yard gain because Butler knifes for the first down and uses their size and strength to fight for extra yards .
Iowa State goes on to convert a 4th and 1 in this drive and successfully regains the field position battle . This play was a huge answer to an adverse circumstance and kept the game in hand .
Adversity point # 3
TCU 's next possession resulted in another major point in this game . The previous play , Joel Lanning exited with an injury . That is a deflating moment for this team and the defense in particular . Below is the next play .
TCU catches Iowa State in a blitz with an A gap stunt . The play hits where Iowa State has vacated and No . 4 takes a poor angle to the ball . Two missed tackles later , TCU is in business across midfield with a 23 yard gain .
TCU has a holding penalty , but attacks the edge for an 18 yard gain to set up 2nd and short . TCU used two tight ends and backfield leads to create angles on the ISU defensive front . They were able to pin the nose and wall off the end and support linebacker to gash the C gap all afternoon .
ISU was leaking here but on 2nd down , J.D . Waggoner beat their man and stopped the play for a loss . Then on third down , we see Bailey chasing on the back side and Spears beat their block to end the drive with yet another tackle for a loss . Another answer to an adverse moment early in this game .
Iowa State capitalized on this key stop and scored its 14th point of the day . It was all that they would need .
Adversity Point # 4
This point encompasses the first 8 minutes of the second half . TCU scores on a kick return . A dropped pass and a blown blocking assignment kill the answering drive for Iowa State . A bad punt follows , but the Iowa State defense holds .
Iowa State is pinned again and throws an ill-advised pass on first down that is intercepted in Iowa State territory . Tack on a 15 yard Iowa State penalty and TCU is in position to tie the game with little effort . Iowa State is pinned on the goal line and TCU has room to maneuver .
After an effective run , Iowa State comes up big here . Jamahl Johnson , who has had two excellent weeks on the defensive line , beats their block and pressures Hill up the middle . The pressure forces and incompletion and a third and goal . Third down increases the pressure on the TCU quarterback to make a play .
Iowa State 's response could not have been bigger or tougher . Hill makes a poor throw to the breaking out route . The Iowa State defensive alignment is perfect for this type of play . Peavy is in perfect position to either make the tackle or make a play on the ball .
I have seen this opportunity dropped by Iowa State defenders in the past . Peavy makes the catch and flips the field with a 70 yard return . Note the effort by Turpin here . They are blocked and falls 20 yards behind the play . They continue on and when Hill turns it in they are there for the tackle . That is a special play .
Also note the blocking technique of the TCU line . They used this two or three other times in the game . It is interesting and effective . Something Iowa State might want to put in their repertoire .
Nonetheless , Iowa State rose to the occasion and stopped a game tying score .
Adversity Point # 5
Iowa State misses a field goal and does not capitalize on the big turnover . TCU , having weathered the storm themselves , completes a 17 yard pass to again threaten Iowa State territory . Spears makes back to back stops to force a big 3rd and 1 .
TCU lines up with an unbalanced line and a wildcat . ISU counters with four down lineman and nine in the box .
The play has a chance to work , but J.D . Waggoner explodes through two blocks and Vernell Trent sheds their block and pursues . They stone the back and again stop TCU in the face of the strength of their game . At this point , TCU is searching for answers in their attempt to sustain offense .
Adversity Point # 6
Both teams punt on the following possessions and Iowa State goes three and out prior to the play shown below . TCU has a long field , but this play puts ISU on its heels .
Again we see TCU achieve angles on the ISU front . This time by sliding outside the alignment and pinning the edge setting players . ISU has two free tacklers , but they both miss as does Trent from the inside . The result is a 31 yard gain and TCU in scoring position .
TCU hits another 15-yard run using the same play to the left side . Then , they convert a 3rd and 13 inside the Iowa State 5-yard line . Iowa State is skating backwards .
For the sixth time , Iowa State responds by making a play . TCU is counting on beating the man coverage quickly or slipping the tight end free in the middle . The man coverage holds and Cotton-Moya picks up the tight end . This allows Harvey , who is free to pressure the play and Bailey to beat their blocker . Waggoner beats two men again and is there for the fateful convergence .
Iowa State played this smartly and with discipline . The coverage was disciplined and the rushers knew they were free to make a play . Hill had no options here and the aggressive tackle forced another huge turnover .
Backs against the wall and the Cyclones answered for 60 minutes .
Adversity Point # 7
Finally , TCU has the ball with 1:37 left and only 53 yards to go to pay dirt . That is plenty of time . In fact , they could have run the ball twice here and I am surprised they did n't give the success they had with it .
Instead , this play ended the game .
Finally , I get some coaches film . This replay illustrates how difficult it is to play offense against this defensive alignment . First , Hill has time , but can feel Johnson breaking free in the middle ( against three blockers ) .
Second , they see the window open wide and has made the correct choice . But , they are late on their delivery .
Third , watch Spears . They check the outside receiver threatening their zone . That opens the throwing window for Hill and is what they react to . If the outside receiver settles there , then Spears does not recover to squeeze the window . Instead they run past allowing Spears to release them and fold to the inside threat . Hill is late on the throw , Spears closes and makes a spectacular catch to close the game in a fitting fashion .
Observe the field as Hill drops back . Where is the open space ? Everything is triangulated even with 5 receivers in routes . To beat this defense , a quarterback and play caller have to make throws on time and in to small windows . It can be done . But , it is hard to do it for 60 minutes .
Iowa State plays disciplined football for 60 minutes . They stay in position to make plays and believe that they will . When the chips were down and their backs were against the wall , they continued to play the same way , and the “ process loved them back . ”
Next Week
Another tough task faces this resilient squad next week . West Virginia will extend plays and excels at breaking down coverage . But , patience is not a virtue they possess . If WVU does not approach their offensive game plan with patience , then there is more of the same in store for them from this Iowa State defense .
West Virginia struggles to stop the run . Iowa State does not run the ball well . I believe they will next week . If Iowa State can get No . 32 in space next week , then it will be a long game for the Moutaineers . If West Virginia decides to take the run away , then there will be space for Lazard , Butler , Jones , and Murdock . Kempt will find them .
Call it hype , call it irrational , but this team has given me no reason to believe that West Virginia poses any larger threat than TCU did this week . Improve on the tasks listed above , remain resolved when adversity strikes , and there is another Cyclone win out there for the taking .
This 2017 team is not playing above their heads . They are playing within the parameters set out for them by their coaches . They are playing without concern for glory , but with passion for execution . They are a collective unit at present and they are without fear of game situations , season expectations , or past failures . In short , they are a good football TEAM .
Match : Atlanta United vs New England Revolution
Location : Mercedes-Benz Stadium , Atlanta Georgia .
Date : September 13 , 2017
Final Score : ATL 7-0 NER ( Recap | Highlights )
Gerardo Martino - Atlanta Head Coach
On tonight 's performance against New England in comparison to performance against Dallas :
“ It 's different . The other day , we played 11 on 11 . Today , after the second goal , we played against a team of 10 players and after the third goal , a team with nine players . I do n't think it 's fair to make an analysis of that . ”
On tying the all-time winning margin in MLS history :
“ Forgive me for sounding boring but I am going to repeat that we played a large part of the game up two players . I do want to say that I respect how our team played after that but that had a big impact . ”
On the substitutions :
“ First , with Greg ( Garza ) , they had a little muscular injury so we took them off . With Jeff ( Larentowicz ) , they have four yellows so we took them off . With Leandro ( Gonzalez Pirez ) , they picked up a yellow today so they will miss the next game and we took them off because if they had picked up a second yellow and a red card , the suspension would have been two games so we took them off for that . Thinking ahead that Jeff may have to fill in at center-back in the next game . ”
On taking the lead early in the game :
“ You treat it the same . You have to respect the team that you are playing and you have to be careful not to pick up any other yellow cards or caution . So , for me , I would have preferred to not play the second half . ”
Josef Martinez - Atlanta Forward
On if this was the best the team has played all season :
“ I think we 're doing things well . Obviously , today 's game got a little complicated with them going down two players but I think we 're playing really well at home . We 're making it hard for teams to play here and we need to continue on this path and we 're going to do important things . ”
On if the team will be ready for the upcoming game on Saturday vs Orlando City SC :
“ Obviously , it 's a different game , so we have to have that mindset . It 's also a rivalry game for us . So , I 'll be ready but not only do the players have to be 100 percent but we want the fans to be 100 percent . ”
On what they expect the atmosphere will be like on Saturday when Mercedes-Benz Stadium :
“ I think it 's going to be more pressure — but a good pressure — and we really appreciate all of the fans that come out even for a midweek game . We understand that they have work and school but we really appreciate the support . Hopefully , they 'll come out this weekend . ”
On if the team is starting to feel unbeatable at home :
“ This is our house and we have to respect it . Even if Real Madrid or Barcelona comes in here , we have to respect it and that 's the mentality that we have . I think with the past two games , you 've seen that . ”
Michael Parkhurst - Atlanta Defender
On tonight 's performance :
“ Tonight was different . I have never experienced a game quite like this one . Even before the red cards , I thought we came out with good intensity with the right mentality and the right amount of energy . Two good performances — a good way — to start this home stand . ”
On how important it was to take over the game by halftime so the team could conserve energy :
`` Yeah , you definitely want to take advantage of it . When they get that first red card , you want to punish them . You want to make sure that they know the game is over and that it is going to be an uphill battle for them — a long 90 minutes or however ( many ) minutes is left . You do n't want to give them that hope of maybe we can do something and we were able to do that by halftime . ”
On if they knew this was the first time in MLS history that a team was held to no shots :
`` I was told afterwords . To which we told Brad ( Guzan ) , they had a very good game . ''
On how they feel :
“ I feel better . It 's really tough being out for a long stretch of time especially , myself , I had two injuries back to back basically . I just want to appreciate my teammates as well because we 're all working as a group and with them , they make things easier on the field . ”
Miguel Almirón - Atlanta Midfielder
On how they feel about the result of tonight 's match :
“ I 'm really happy with the game — happy with the result — but more happy because we 're improving . We 're playing better and we ca n't focus on this result . We already have to look to Orlando City SC because we know that 's another important game . ”
On how they have had success outscoring opponents at Mercedes-Benz Stadium :
“ I think we 've always been strong at home . It 's just different at home when we 're here with our fans but like I said , we have to keep looking forward and keep staying focused on the games to come . ”
On the message to the team from Tata at halftime :
“ Just that we stay calm and that we keep playing the same way . We keep pressing . We keep maintaining the ball and that we keep our patience . ”
On if they have ever participated in such a lopsided victory :
“ No . Never in my career by such a margin . We just have to keep our feet on the ground with a calm mind and focus on what 's to come . ”
Jeff Larentowicz - Atlanta Midfielder
On setting two MLS records tonight :
“ I think the game changed completely . Honestly it was a bizarre 45 but that 's kind-of the world we 're in right now . Its good . We said at halftime that we wanted to continue to be professional — to respect the opponent , respect the game — and I think that we did that ”
On the importance of this match for playoff chances :
“ This week is huge . Two wins so far and the game on Saturday is massive , obviously , and we just wanted to focus on the front end — the front end of this streak of games to get points to move up the table — and hopefully not look back . ”
On the team 's success playing in Mercedes-Benz Stadium :
“ We like playing in front of our fans . If we were in Piedmont Park , I think that we would enjoy it . Whether it 's here or there or anywhere , it does n't matter . We love playing in front of them . The building of course is beautiful and we 've done okay in the last two games but we ca n't expect results like that every week but we can expect the fans to be like that every week which is special for us . ”
On what they expect the atmosphere will be like on Saturday when Mercedes-Benz Stadium :
“ There are times on the field when you just tell yourself you 're not even going to yell because it does n't matter . I think we were a bit further away from Brad ( Guzan ) tonight and they lost their voice . So to see what it will be like with 70,000 , will be something . ”
Anton Walkes - Atlanta Defender
On how the team is playing recently :
“ It 's a great feeling . Getting the early goals always puts you in the right position to finish the game . The last few games I think we 've been in control and we 've got a few tough games ahead so it 's all about keeping the momentum . ”
On the impact of the bigger field :
“ A lot . Obviously it 's new turf , as well . It 's all about making sure they do the running so it 's all about keeping the ball and making them do the hard work . ”
On free-kick goal from Kevin Kratz :
“ Kevin ( Kratz ) has got that in their locker all day long . He 's done it in practice many times . It 's something they practice a few times a week and he 's definitely mastered the technique . ”
On what they expect the atmosphere will be like on Saturday when Mercedes-Benz Stadium :
“ Well , ( with ) how our fans are . They are definitely the best in the league so there 's no doubt they will be here supporting us . ”
On what they saw before their goal :
“ I just saw an opening at the back post and I thought if I can get in behind the goal — if they could just put the guy off — maybe I could get a rebound . ”
Kevin Kratz - Atlanta Midfielder
On their free-kick goal :
“ Yeah , it was a free kick . I try to practice it every week . After practice , I try to take a few balls and off my foot , I thought ‘ yeah , this one feels nice , ' and it went in so , yeah , I 'm happy . It was a great team performance today . It 's a tough game for the referee but at the end , we 're happy to take the three points . ”
On the team 's success at Mercedes-Benz Stadium :
“ It 's impressive . First of all , it 's the team that works hard every week in practice and then , it 's the fans . They push us forward every time . You never hear anything bad — shouting , whistling — nothing like that . It 's always positive and that 's what keeps us going forward and trying harder the next time . ”
On if the team is starting to feel unbeatable at home :
“ No , we do n't feel that . We work hard . It 's not like here we are , we will win . We work hard in practice and treat every opponent like the other . There 's no disrespect or anything like that . We were two men up but we were still playing with respect to the other team . Beyond that , what it says about the group : we respect each other , we work for each other and that 's what we have to keep doing in the games . ”
Jay Heaps - New England Head Coach
On first-half video automatic replay ( VAR ) and the penalty decisions :
“ I do n't think anyone has seen anything like it because VAR just came into play . I do n't think that you are not going to see more like this . I felt like tonight they overstepped what they think they should be doing . I think the penalty kick calls are great . I think the first red card was a reach to VAR something as opposed to ( the ) referee saw something , let it go . It is what it is . We 're in a new age — a new era . It 's not pleasant . We have to learn our lesson . I think the biggest mistake that we had tonight was giving up the goal in the first minute because we were prepared for them — ready for them — and we took a bad approach to that first goal . That 's unfortunate because that derailed the rest of the game . ”
On the first goal :
“ It was funny . We did not want to give up the goal , obviously , but then I felt like for the next 10 minutes we were OK before the red card . It was almost like we found our rhythm a little bit . They only had one chance . They scored it , obviously , which is a credit to them . Obviously , you do n't want to go into a place like this and give them momentum but I thought we rallied well and needed to be smarter . There have been challenges that I have seen over the course of the first couple ( of ) weeks ( that VAR has been implemented ) that were very similar to that one not VAR 'd and moved on . This one — I felt like — having seen it , just a little bit debatable and a little harsh at the time . ”
On the message to their team at halftime :
“ I think it 's really about trying to find the moments . You 're up against it so you ca n't say , ‘ go score five goals . ' You have to say ‘ one play at a time . ' I was actually really proud of the guys — the way we came out of the second half . It was close to the 70th minute before they scored . Let 's be honest , they are a really good team . They are beating other teams with a full roster . We were at nine . Happy for that . I was able to tell the guys , ‘ This is what we 've practiced . ' Not so much 10 versus eight , or 11 versus nine , but there were moments . I thought our guys did a good job of compacting the space but the truth was the game was really flipped on its head in the first half . ”
Andrew Farrell - New England Defender
On the first-half VAR and penalty decisions :
“ Obviously , I 've never been a part of a first half like that . Obviously , unfortunate for all of those calls but I guess it 's going to happen in certain games . It happened a couple times this game so we felt unlucky on that . We did n't start the game as well as we wanted to against a really good team at home . That 's also really disappointing for us but starting the second half I liked how our guys battled . Down two guys against a good team , I think our guys put in the work . It 's a tough result against a rival and we are trying to fight for the playoffs right now . We have to move on real quick and not make it two games — not bury ourselves here . We still can make the playoffs so we just have to keep battling . ”
On the first goal :
“ The red cards were tough but you do n't want to give up an early goal against a team like this at home with the crowd behind them . It got them going . Like I said , I think a lot of guys showed heart — showed that it 's the guys in the locker room that are the ones who can make the difference to get our chances — and make it to the playoffs . Obviously , it is unfortunate with the result , I think speaking for all of the guys , we were really embarrassed . It 's not how we wanted this night to go but at the same time , we ca n't make it two . We have to get ready for ( Sporting ) KC who is another great team at home . We have to bring the fight and the heart that I saw in the second half from a lot of the guys on the bench and on the field . We want to make the playoffs . We want to push for that and I think we have the guys that can do it . ”
Cody Cropper - New England Goalkeeper
On the first half :
“ I have honestly never seen anything like that . I think that caught us all by surprise . We were put in a bad situation and that 's just how it went . ”
On the message at halftime :
“ Get through the game . At that point , the coaching staff , the players — we — all knew that it was a tough game . At that point , at halftime , it was never going to go our way . Our goal was to get through the game and best-case scenario walk back in at the end of the game losing 4-0 . Unfortunately that did n't happen but I think we showed a lot of spirit . I think we played well . We fought for one another . We fought for 45 minutes . Unfortunately , we conceded another three goals but we were down two men for the better part of 60 minutes and that 's taxing on the players that are running around on the field . For me , standing in goal , all I could do was continue to talk to them and continue to help them get through it because they are out there working very hard . It was just a tough scenario to be in . ”
On focusing on the next match :
“ For us , this game is done . It is in the past and we — as a group — have moved on . I think the next 48 hours is huge . We need to take care of our bodies , recover mentally and just forget that this game happened . We play them again and we can focus on that then but right now , we are focused on ( Sporting ) KC and going there and getting three points . ”
We all have our favorite film critics . Maybe we gravitated to them because they write well or because they share our tastes , but the very best of them — the critics we read even on genres and directors we otherwise would n't care about — make us see movies in a new way . Specifically , they make us see them the way they do , and the point of view of a professional critic steeped in cinema history and theory ( not to mention the thousands and thousands of hours of actual film they 've watched ) will always have a richness that the casual moviegoer ca n't hope to enjoy on his/her own .
Unless , of course , you take The Film Experience , a 23-lecture course from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . And you do n't need to enroll at MIT — or even show up and surreptitiously audit — to take it , since the school has made those lectures , their accompanying materials , and even supplemental media ( just like the DVD extras that have inspired a generation of cinephiles ) free on their OpenCourseWare site . They 've also assembled the videos , starring MIT 's Film and Media Studies program founding professor David Thorburn , into a single Youtube playlist .
Thorburn 's lectures begin with the introduction to film as a cultural form at the top of the post , which itself begins with the question `` What is film ? '' They then launches into a journey through film history , from the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Charlie Chaplin ( see also our Keaton and Chaplin collections ) to the Hollywood studio era and Alfred Hitchcock ( for whom we 've got a collection as well ) to American film in the 1970s and Italian neorealism to François Truffaut and Akira Kurosawa . When you come out of the course possessing a newly heightened ability to decode the language of film , you may or may not hear the calling to become a critic yourself — but at least it 'll make your next trip to the multiplex more interesting .
The Film Experience will be added to our collection , 1,300 Free Online Courses from Top Universities .
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter and share intelligent media with your friends . Or better yet , sign up for our daily email and get a daily dose of Open Culture in your inbox .
If you 'd like to support Open Culture and our mission , please consider making a donation to our site . It 's hard to rely 100 % on ads , and your contributions will help us provide the best free cultural and educational materials .
Related Content :
The 10 Greatest Films of All Time According to 846 Film Critics
Take a Free Course on Film Noir ; Then Watch Oodles of Free Noir Films Online
65 Free Charlie Chaplin Films Online
The General , “ Perhaps the Greatest Film Ever Made , ” and 20 Other Buster Keaton Classics Free Online
22 Free Hitchcock Movies Online
Based in Seoul , Colin Marshall writes and broadcasts on cities , language , and style . He 's at work on a book about Los Angeles , A Los Angeles Primer , the video series The City in Cinema , the crowdfunded journalism project Where Is the City of the Future ? , and the Los Angeles Review of Books ' Korea Blog . Follow them on Twitter at @ colinmarshall or on Facebook .
You can only ever outlaw safe and legal abortion . Regardless of whether I am pro-life or pro-choice in regards to my own body I will always be pro-choice in my political views . Reproductive rights are women 's rights and women 's rights are human rights . I refuse to accept the idea that the majority of abortions are used as birth control and I refuse to accept the disrespectful language that many politicians and people have used to describe abortions . Unfortunately not a lot of research is designated towards abortion because throughout history legislation has just been going back and forth between gag orders and then the repeal of those gag orders . However , the Guttmacher Institute is a nonprofit organization that researches reproductive actions in the United States including STI , abortions and teen pregnancy . The Guttmacher Institute reports that abortion patients are disproportionately poor -- citing that 49 % of women who have abortions live below the federal poverty line . In 2014 12 % of abortion patients were adolescents ( age 19 and below ) , and 62 % of all patients reported some sort of religious affiliation . They also found that 39 % of patients were white , 28 % were black , and 25 % were hispanic .
Guttmacher does not only collect the demographics of abortion patients but they also asked for their reasons behind getting abortions . The top 3 responses which were cited by 75 % of patients were concern about their ability to care for another individual , they did not have the financial capability to raise a child , or felt that they could not perform the responsibility of a parent due to school , work or other dependents . They also found that 50 % of patients did not want to be a single parent or were having problems with their partner . With the given statistics it appears that these patients , these people , and these women do not make this decision without forethought or consideration . Regardless of race , age , religious affiliation or anything else they felt that they could not deliver and take care of their possible child . These statistics are just for the United States , which is a first world highly developed country and still women experience unsafe abortions when they feel clinics , medical assistance and the government has failed to give them the opportunity to exercise their reproductive rights .
The World Health Organization reports that 21.6 million women experience unsafe abortions , and 47,000 dice each year . In the United States prior to Roe v Wade there was an estimated 200,000 to 1.2 million illegal ( and therefore unsafe ) abortions occurred . After Roe v Wade only .6 per 100,000 abortions resulted in death . Legal abortion saves lives , and as the United States is a major world leader , and an example to the rest of the world we need to show that reproductive rights are human rights . Banning abortion and issuing gag orders does not eliminate abortions it simply places women at risk of serious injury and even death . I respect everyone 's opinions and ideas , but regardless of whether you are a pro-life personally , a pro-choice political view gives every woman the right to make their own choice either way . There is no research that proves that abortion rates go down when legislation bans abortion , it simply puts women at risk . These patients feel strongly that they can not raise their child or deliver the child and if they are willing to go to Planned Parenthood or other clinics then too often they will resort to unsafe measures . So regardless of what the current administration believes they can never ban abortions but only hurt the people they swore to protect and serve .
It sounds weird , but it may not be long before you 're topping off desserts with . . . hummus .
A company that makes sweet chickpea spreads just partnered with billionaire investor and “ Shark Tank ” star Mark Cuban . Cuban , who owns the Dallas Mavericks , bought in for $ 600,000 and holds a 12 percent share in the venture .
The company Delighted By appeared last week on the ABC show , on which entrepreneurs pitch their proposals to a panel of cutthroat investors . A shark , as they 're called , can either make an offer , or pass altogether .
The health-conscious company makes hummus spreads in flavors such as snickerdoodle , brownie batter , vanilla , and “ choc-o-mint , ” already available in grocery stores nationwide .
The sweet spread starts with puréed chickpeas , but omits the garlic and olive oil used in traditional hummus , substituting ingredients such as cocoa , vanilla and mint instead . The dessert hummus has 4 to 6 grams of sugar per two-tablespoon serving .
The company seems to be aware that some consumers may be dubious about dessert hummus , as evidenced by its playful new ad .
Here in the U.S. , it 's hard to imagine that Europe could go back to its old muscular and expansive ways . But the Continent is turning in that direction–and it 's a move that carries huge and unsettling implications .
In all likelihood , what happens to Europe in this regard will freak us Americans out . It will make us painfully , perhaps angrily , aware of our differences . It will throw our similarities into doubt . But if it happens , we 'll be stuck with it . We 'll have to figure out how to deal .
Because here 's the thing : Europe is on track to rediscover what looks to us like a highly unsettling form of white pride .
The demographic tale is straightforward . As of 2010 , Pew has noted , 13 million Muslim immigrants resided in the European Union . That year , their median age was 32 , eight years younger than the median for all Europeans . According to Pew , “ the Muslim share of the population throughout Europe grew about 1 percentage point a decade , from 4 percent in 1990 to 6 percent in 2010 . This pattern is expected to continue through 2030 , when Muslims are projected to make up 8 percent of Europe 's population . ”
{ snip }
One path to Europe 's troubling destination is already being carved out by Europe 's far-right parties , many of which are implicitly or explicitly ethnocentric . At a gathering last year , France24 observed , Dutch party chief Geert Wilders captured the mood . “ ‘ Just like you , we do n't want foreigners to tell us they are masters in our country . We say : Kick the criminals , the jihadists , the illegal migrants out , ' they told the entirely Caucasian audience to rapturous applause . ”
{ snip } In France , the National Front has rapidly transformed from a backwater for old reactionaries into a category-scrambling destination for citizens who want what the EU ca n't and wo n't provide .
The shift has not been neat and tidy . Any European political organization that intentionally evokes fascism is certain to set off the racism alarm , among fellow Europeans most of all . The transition is also far from complete . But it reflects a sweeping shift in Europe away from the bland , safe ideology of post-Cold War officialdom , and toward something much more assertive and proud .
{ snip }
These epiphanies mark the beginnings of a European exodus across a huge psychological and cultural bridge . From an American standpoint , it 's a spectacle of European governments and nongovernmental organizations working together to encourage white Europeans to be fruitful and multiply . After all , they 're the ones who need the motivation . In countries like Britain , immigrant birth rates have been the only demographic bright spot . The disparity in birth rates is so clear that in other European nations , like Italy , when immigration dips , the birth rate sags apace .
Seeing politicians open the door to the return of history 's most frightening prejudices makes Americans not just queasy but angry .
We have a hard enough time tolerating the persistence of Confederate memory here at home . What could be more offensive and unnerving than seeing the Old World half of Western democracies slip back into the ancient pattern of demographic expansionism ?
True , Europe could boost its national populations just enough to keep their willfully bland and impressively meaningless social democracy trundling along without breaking the bank of its welfare superstate . But the more likely possibility , given what we know about European civilization and its long tradition of “ extremism , ” plays right into our worst fears . Europe will very probably rediscover Eurocentrism–not just as an abstract idea , but as an imperative for survival .
Some analysts will observe that , in a way , this is actually good news . Fact is , the U.S. really is in trouble if Europe withers away as a cultural and political force . We just ca n't compensate all on our own , and the American people would never accept such a deeply uncharacteristic mission even if we could .
But regardless of that important silver lining , it 's going to get scary for us to watch the world 's longest-running white societies get more prideful , assertive , and , from our standpoint , statist .
{ snip }
Original Article
Share This
LAS VEGAS – Marcus Smart spoke publicly Saturday afternoon for the first time since dislocating their right index and middle fingers Thursday night , and it sounds as if he 's on the fast track to recovery .
“ I feel a lot better now , ” they said , sporting a black and metal splint on their right hand and forearm . “ Not so much pain as I was feeling the first couple of days . They 've got me working on my motion , so it 's looking better . ”
If you have Twitter , you 've probably seen the gruesome images of Smart 's dislocated fingers . They were pointing in the wrong direction . Smart was the first person to see that image , and they saw it in real time . They explained today what went through their head when they looked down at hand for the first time after tumbling to the Thomas & Mack Center floor .
“ I thought I broke it , ” they said . “ I 'm sure you saw the pictures and everything . It looked like my fingers were done . ”
Smart also explained that , to the surprise of many , this was the first time they have ever experienced a joint dislocation . They described the sensation and process that the injury entailed .
“ When it was out , it was really painful , ” they said , “ but once ( athletic trainer ) Ed ( Lacerte ) and the rest of those guys and the staff here at Thomas & Mack , ( they ) did a great job of making sure we got it back in quickly . We got back and we took care of everything we needed to take care of .
Smart was asked what was scarier : the pain they experienced , or the initial sight of their fingers . They responded with the following :
“ I think once I realized what really happened and the pain went away , it was more of a shock factor of , ‘ I ca n't believe my hand is the way it is . ' And then once it was back in and the pain went away for the moment , and then it was just the fact that I need to deal with this therapy and everything to get the strength back . ”
Smart will dedicate their next few weeks to the rehab process after their stitches are removed this coming week . The injury will cause them to skip a trip to Africa that they had planned for July 27 .
“ I was looking forward to that trip , ” they said , “ but this is life and this is what happens . As an athlete , you 've got to be careful . ”
There 's no doubt that Smart will attack their rehab head on . They could potentially resume basketball activities sometime in August if all goes well with their additional tests . That would leave them plenty of time to prep ahead of training camp begins in late September .
Ready for the Catwalk ... the amazing 'haute CAT-ture ' for the fashion-conscious feline
Forget a collar and bell , this stylish feline is turning heads with it 's range of glamorous accessories good enough for any catwalk .
The amazing 'haute CAT-ture ' is the work of New Yorker Julie Song , who painstakingly designs and crafts the garments herself .
Working under the alias 'CatAtlelier ' , Korean-American Julie , 33 , has created a wacky range of hats and collars for the fashion-conscious feline .
Purr-fect : The crazy creations are modeled by the designers own cat , three-year-old Abbysinian 'Toki Nantucket ' , whose services can be bought for the price of a few chunks of juicy chicken
Working under the alias 'CatAtlelier ' , Korean-American Julie Song , has created a wacky range of hats and collars for the fashion-conscious feline The wacky creations include gold headbands , berets , a range of bow-ties and even a top-hat so that prissy pusses have a look for every occasion .
The moggy milliner targets their work at the 'fashion-forward feline ' and their style-conscious owners .
Almost as much work goes into taking the adorable photos of their model and muse , Julie 's own cat , three-year-old Abbysinian 'Toki Nantucket ' .
Julie , a full-time designer who creates the cat clothes in their spare time , said : ' I think it 's really important to prepare everything first - the camera , the area you will be using to take pictures , the lights , props , and the exact accessories or clothes you will use , so your cat is not sitting there wearing all this stuff while you 're still fiddling around .
' I keep photo shoots short so Toki knows it wo n't be some kind of torture session when I dress him . That way they wo n't dread wearing clothes . '
And while some supermodels wo n't get out of bed for less than five thousand dollars , Toki 's services can be bought for the more modest price of a few chunks of juicy chicken .
Julie said : 'For Toki , it 's really all about the chicken . Toki loves chicken .
The wacky creations include gold headbands , berets , a range of bow-ties and even a top-hat so that prissy pusses have a look for every occasion
Moggy milliner , Julie Song , targets their work at the 'fashion-forward feline ' and their style-conscious owners
' I bake chicken and cut it up into bites that I keep in Ziploc bags in the refrigerator and freezer for their treats .
' I give them some before each photo shoot , and also immediately after . '
The pieces are priced between £6 up to £56 and can take days to make .
Talented Julie , an illustration graduate of the prestigious Parsons School of Design , New York , said that their sewing skills are largely self-taught .
They said : ' I have been sewing since I was very young . Most of my fashion design and garment construction skills were just picked up over the years , through experience . '
And the self-effacing designer is not precious about their creations , and said they are fully aware that many may find them amusing .
They said : ' I think Toki , like a great model , makes the items look much better than they would alone .
' I do n't mind when people just think the whole thing is funny . I make myself laugh all the time with my work , and I am really happy to make other people laugh too .
The pieces are priced between £6 up to £56 and can take days to make
Designer Julie Song says the next step for CatAtelier is making shirts and other full-body outfits
'It would be hilarious if I was deadly serious about my cat clothes . Hilarious and sad . '
Since launching their online shop , they have even had requests for custom-made outfits from cat owners with special requirements .
They said : ' I got a custom request for a pirate eye patch for someone 's one-eyed cat .
`` I made it out of leather with an appliqued skull and bones on it .
CLERMONT , Fla. - Clermont police say two women are facing charges after attacking an officer at a local Walmart , and the incident was caught on store surveillance video .
Police said Officer Ethan Bell had to be taken to an area hospital after being punched in the face on Nov. 7 while at the store located on Johns Lake Road . The officer was complaining of a headache and dizziness , but has since returned to work .
Tiana Harrison , 34 , and Alicia McCormick , 37 , are now facing charges of battery on a law enforcement officer and resisting an officer .
According to a Clermont police report , Harrison had been arrested for shoplifting at the store in the past and a Walmart employee wanted them kicked off the property .
Harrison admits they were arrested in 2009 , but said she 's been back to the store several times since then and has never been asked to leave .
According to the report , as Harrison was being escorted out of the store by Officer Bell , McCormick jumped into the fray . Harrison then used their left arm to punch the officer in their nose .
Harrison denies ever hitting the officer .
`` I 'm right handed . I did n't hit the police officer , '' said Harrison . `` I have a right too . I was in Walmart , I was not under arrest , ( he ) nudged me first . I did not hit ( him ) , I knew not to hit the police officer . Did I want to for them nudging me ? Yes , but I did not . ''
The officer then pulled their Taser gun and struggled with both women until they were eventually handcuffed . The entire incident happened as stunned shoppers in the deli department look on .
Police said three witnesses saw the women strike the officer and filled out statements against Harrison and McCormick . Both women have since been released from the Lake County jail on a $ 10,000 bond .
Copyright 2013 by Graham Media Group . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed
0 of 17
Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports
After a busy weekend filled with trades , cuts and signings , it 's time to look forward to the 2017 NFL regular season . How many games will the Oakland Raiders win in the upcoming year ? Do you expect the number to drop ? Should fans temper their Super Bowl expectations ?
Before going into win-loss predictions for every game , let 's recap an offseason filled with headlines .
The Raiders ' imminent move to Las Vegas prompted Marshawn Lynch to return to the field as a running back for the Silver and Black . As an Oakland native , they felt obligated to represent their hometown as someone who can inspire and embody the city in the flesh .
During the preseason , Beast Mode made more headlines when they sat for the national anthem before the preseason opener . Head coach Jack Del Rio addressed the media and explained it 's nothing more than routine for the 31-year-old ball-carrier through their 11-year career .
General manager Reggie McKenzie raised eyebrows by selecting Gareon Conley in the first round of the draft , due to a sexual assault allegation attached to their name . The case lingered into training camp , and a grand jury decided not to indict the Ohio State product , per Ed Gallek of Fox8 News .
Conley 's name gained clearance , but their availability remained in question due to a shin injury , which McKenzie called shin splints , but the rookie disputed the identification of the ailment via Twitter .
The first-rounder missed preseason action , but he 's expected to play Week 1 against the Tennessee Titans , per NFL Network 's Ian Rapoport .
Unfortunately , the Raiders ' top two draft picks have played a combined 22 snaps during the preseason , per NBCS Bay Area reporter Scott Bair . Safety Obi Melifonwu suited up for the third game , but according to The Athletic 's Vic Tafur , they missed subsequent practices and the final exhibition contest .
For rookies , it 's important to take as many offseason reps as possible . The Raiders ' early picks will need to learn on the fly while in action when the games count in the win-loss column .
There 's extra emphasis on Conley 's learning curve due to cornerback Sean Smith losing their starting spot to T.J. Carrie at training camp in addition to their felony charges stemming from a July 4 incident with their sister 's boyfriend , per TMZ Sports . According to Del Rio , he 's not going to take any action other than allow Smith to handle the court process throughout the season .
Among fans , the outrage focuses on the inside linebacker position , which lacks clear-cut starting-caliber talent . As of right now , second-year pro Cory James and rookie fifth-rounder Marquel Lee will start at the heart of the Raiders defense . All the talk about what McKenzie must do to fill the void pushed the conversation about left tackle Donald Penn 's quest to sign a new deal to the side .
In summation , gray clouds have hovered over the Raiders ' offseason program , but it 's not a storm yet . There 's still time to pay Penn . Conley and Melifonwu could see the field in limited action on Sunday . Perry Riley remains a free agent who can fill the middle linebacker spot .
As for the upcoming season , we 'll predict winners and scores for each game , then project how the Raiders ' 2017 season ends .
Monday , James Anaya , the UN Special Rapporteur on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples , issued their highly anticipated report on `` The situation of indigenous peoples in Canada . '' Professor Anaya has reported a broken relationship between the federal government and Indigenous peoples , which is mired in distrust . They highlighted a serious and persistent crisis in outcomes for Indigenous people in this country , and the fact that the steps taken by the Conservative government to date have failed to address this crisis .
The lagging education outcomes persist unchanged , housing shortages have reached crisis levels , water and waste water systems are at the breaking point and the tragic gaps in Indigenous health outcomes are continuing unabated . When talking about the unacceptable wellbeing outcomes for Indigenous peoples , Professor Anaya noted that during the years the Conservatives have been in power , `` there has been no change in that gap . ''
Although First Nations have made meaningful strides to improve education , a lack of proper resources and systemic structural problems in the First Nations ' education system have severely limited their progress . Unfortunately , the Conservatives ' recent legislation was unilaterally developed and will do little beyond entrenching what has been government policy for the last 30 years . Although they have changed the name of the bill to suggest actual control is being transferred to First Nations , the Minister retains extensive powers to intervene in the administration of First Nations ' schools . First Nations ' education reform must recognize First Nations jurisdiction , deliver a comprehensive approach to protect language and culture , include an effective mutual accountability framework and adequate , sustainable and predictable funding . Most importantly , it must be co-developed with First Nations and part of an ongoing and meaningful dialogue with First Nations communities . Bill C-33 does not meet these essential criteria for success .
Responding to Professor Anaya 's claim that Indigenous housing is in crisis , the Parliamentary Secretary for Aboriginal Affairs bragged that their government had built `` 11,000 units of housing '' on reserve since coming to power . They failed to mention that funding and target levels pre-dating their government should have built more than 18,000 units between 2006 and 2014 . Those targets did not even account for an additional $ 295 million over five years committed in 2005 by the previous Liberal government to further improve on-reserve housing . Their own 2011 federal evaluation of First Nations housing identified a shortfall of 20,000 to 35,000 new units and the AFN has identified a gap of as much as 85,000 units . Unfortunately , the Conservatives have no plan to deal with on-reserve overcrowding and dilapidated housing , which the Special Rapporteur characterized as a `` crisis . ''
Their answer to crumbling First Nations ' water systems was to simply push through legislation that downloaded more responsibility and liability onto First Nations communities , without any additional resources to actually address the problems .
The Conservative government has engaged in a cynical and unilateral approach that has badly damaged the relationship between the Crown and Indigenous peoples in Canada . The government 's stubborn refusal to fulfill its legal obligation to consult with Indigenous peoples on matters that may impact their inherent and/or treaty rights can not continue . The result has been both an erosion of goodwill and bad public policy . This should not be a partisan issue . This is about rebuilding the trust between Canada and Indigenous peoples in this country . As Indigenous people in Canada have made clear , `` nothing decided about us without us . ''
Unfortunately , the government 's answer to the assessment of , among others , Professor Anaya , former Conservative Minister Jim Prentice and their own Special Envoy on West Coast Energy Infrastructure that it has failed to adequately consult with Indigenous peoples regarding resource development is that the status quo is doing the job . The government told the Special Rapporteur that , `` the duty to consult and accommodate in connection with resource development projects can be met through existing processes , such as the environmental assessment process . ''
Aside from the fact that Bill C-38 gutted that assessment process , it is not acceptable to deal with this Constitutional duty as an afterthought in a regulatory process designed to address other issues like environmental impacts . The result is that too many resource development projects are moving forward without Indigenous people receiving a fair share of the economic benefits or being engaged as partners in their development . It also means this issue repeatedly ends up in the courts where Indigenous people are consistently winning . This approach not only undermines the honour of the Crown , but is expensive , time consuming and simply bad economic policy .
Professor Anaya also forcefully reinforced the overwhelming consensus in Canada on the need for a national public inquiry into the ongoing tragedy of missing and murdered Indigenous women and girls . They echoed the demands for an inquiry by the grieving victims ' families , Indigenous leaders , and all of the premiers . This horrifying situation was already a crisis when the Native Women 's Association of Canada identified almost 600 cases in 2009 and recent statistics compiled by the RCMP have doubled that estimate , identifying approximately 1200 cases . This epidemic of violence must end and this Conservative government , which claims to be tough on crime and to stand up for victims of crime , can not continue to ignore this national disgrace . One immediate way to begin to restore the broken trust with Indigenous peoples would be to immediately implement the Special Rapporteur 's recommendation for a national public inquiry .
This report is an important external review . At only 26 pages long , it has the additional possibility of providing all Canadians with a readable summary of the current situation and clear recommendations for what Canada needs to do to improve things . I urge every Canadian to take the time to read it -- it is a great way to `` Idle KNOW More . ''
These are not just Indigenous issues . They are issues that the 96 per cent of the Canadian population who are non-Indigenous need to understand so they can add their voices to demand the government implement Professor Anaya 's recommendations . The Conservatives need to heed the UN recommendations to authentically reset the relationship by engaging in a true partnership with Aboriginal communities to make urgently needed progress on the appalling conditions for far too many Indigenous people in Canada .
ALSO ON HUFFPOST :
Getty Images
Matthew Stafford was an MVP candidate , and the Lions were NFC North leaders until the quarterback dislocated the joint and tore ligaments in the middle finger of their throwing hand late last season . Yet , Stafford has the same MVP odds for the 2017 season as Sam Bradford .
You can argue Stafford is underrated considering they reached 30,000 passing yards faster than any quarterback in league history . But to earn respect , he 'll likely first have to win a playoff game . He 's 0-3 in the postseason , including two blowouts .
For now , Stafford 's biggest supporter remains Lions coach Jim Caldwell , who believes the nine-year veteran is “ on the rise . ”
“ Even prior to my coming [ to Detroit ] , you could certainly see the way in which he 's played year after year , ” Caldwell said , via Clark Judge on the Talk of Fame Network . “ He 's been pretty consistent in terms of generating yardage for their team .
“ When we got here we found out some other things about them that you just did n't see on film : Their toughness , their intelligence , their desire . And all of those things , I think , without question rub off on their teammates . He 's also unflappable in very , very tight situations , and he 's improving . That 's the other thing I think you find with guys at that position in this league : When they get to around their fifth , sixth , seventh year , there 's still a climb ; there 's still an ascension . You can see the direction in which they 're going . Stats do n't always tell the story , but I think when you couple that with wins it does . And Matthew certainly is on the rise . ”
Stafford has a 27-21 record the past three years , with 15 fourth-quarter comebacks , while throwing for 4,200 yards or more in each season .
Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom is a new interactive experience that debuted on February 22 at the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando , Florida . Jonathan Ackley , Senior Director and Show Producer Interactive of Walt Disney Imagineering , and their team spent four years designing and producing the game . Ackley gained early insights into interactivity as a game designer at Rocket Science Games and then by designing critically acclaimed adventure games for LucasArts , such as The Curse of Monkey Island , Day of the Tentacle , and Sam and Max Hit the Road . Ackley 's interests in nontraditional , nonlinear storytelling gave them an awareness of the possibilities for integrating new technologies into location-based storytelling .
Before Ackley 's work on Sorcerers , they tested interactive storytelling ideas through the Kim Possible attraction , also at Walt Disney World , treating it as a research and development project on using wireless technology ( through Verizon ) . Ackley immediately saw the advantages that Disney had for environmental storytelling . In an interview with Ackley , they said , “ We have themed environments . We are in a unique position to make you the main character in an adventure story . We 're really lucky that we have such great stories and characters to draw from. ” The end result is that Sorcerers is an intriguing effort that pushes the boundaries of shared interactive experiences for families with children . Ackley described these experiences as opportunities for players to assume the roles of their favorite Disney protagonists as they make their way through the game . Families can share memories of their favorite films across generations and or create new stories as they play .
The objective of Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom is to save the Magic Kingdom from Disney villains , including Cruella de Vil from 101 Dalmatians , the Evil Queen from Snow White , Dr. Facilier from The Princess and the Frog , and Scar from The Lion King . These villains were all recruited by Hades , ruler of the underworld and the archvillain from Hercules . Players become apprentices to Merlin , the sorcerer from The Sword in the Stone , who is Hades ' chief opponent . In order to save the Magic Kingdom , players must stop the villains from capturing the shattered pieces of Merlin 's crystal ball .
Marrying a treasure hunt with interactive trading cards to create an immersive experience , Sorcerers gameplay begins at the Secret Sorcerers ' training center on Main Street . Each participant is given a map of mystic portals , key card , and five collectible spell cards “ designed ” by Merlin . Players then choose from eight different missions that vary in length from 15 to 25 minutes . Each mission is played in a specific park location , such as Adventureland , Fantasyland , or Frontierland . By completing all eight missions , according to Ackley , “ true , hardcore gamers can fight their way to Hades . ”
Players assume a role or roles from their playing cards . Family members can all play the same character or adopt different one . The players use the treasure map to locate the magic portal where they want to begin . Each portal has an identifying brass floor plate and keyhole where guests swipe their key cards , which activates an engaging animated presentation for the game . At the end of each presentation , players aim their spell cards at the video or a physical object ( e.g. , a fireplace ) , which directs them to another symbol on the map or gives them the opportunity to cast a spell to defeat the villain . Much like a traditional role-playing game , some actions , such as casting a spell , may require using a character stat in addition to problem-solving . Players might have to solve a riddle or act quickly before their spell sizzles . Successful players are rewarded by earning stronger spells during the course of the game .
Although it is simple to play , Sorcerers has many possibilities and is well structured . At the same time , it introduces random elements that can make it feel less predictable and contrived . Part of the fun of the game is that guests are given five randomly drawn cards each time they play . Because the cards reflect the personalities of the Disney characters portrayed on them , the cards subtly shift the gaming experience . The game works well for a wide range of ages , and families are supposed to enjoy the game together . This makes sense because the characters are drawn from over 80 years of Disney films , allowing older family members to enjoy interacting with their own childhood heroes and to share those delights with younger members of their families who are more familiar with recent Disney characters .
The game is greatly enhanced by the integration of more than 90 minutes worth of original animation over the eight missions , some of which is traditionally hand drawn . Disney also developed 70 different collectible spell cards in different categories ( animal , hero , monster , mystic , and warrior ) that feature beloved—as well as less well known—Disney characters . They elected not to use QR codes for aesthetic and practical reasons because , according to Ackley , “ QR codes are not necessarily as rich as we 'd like them to be : They take people out of the story and make the art work less voluptuous. ” Instead , the design team 's attention to detail carried over to the physical environment .
We wanted to try new ways of telling the story . We did n't want every portal to look the same . We sought out different typographies . Some elements appear mysteriously behind masks . In Fantasyland there 's a rock wall that seems to fall away . We looked for moments when we could surprise the guest .
Sorcerers and games like it definitely allow Disney to enhance the Magic Kingdom experience . It is hard to think of a studio or network better placed to exploit the possibilities of location-based storytelling . The careful , thoughtful design of Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom has produced a game that is both accessible and richly layered and has the potential to develop into more complex gameplay in the future . It will be interesting to see how game developers respond to its challenge .
We are indebted to Jonathan Ackley and Marilyn Waters in Media Relations for granting us a telephone interview about this project .
It 's an ironic legacy for a movement conceived as a voice for the downtrodden .
Across California and the nation , Occupy protests have prompted cities to tighten restrictions on protesters and behavior in public space in ways that opponents say threaten free speech and worsen conditions for homeless people .
Governments now regulate with new vigor where protesters may stand and walk and what they can carry . Protest permits are harder to get and penalties are steeper . Camping is banned from Los Angeles parks by a new , tougher ordinance . Philadelphia and Houston tightened restrictions on feeding people in public .
Photos : Occupy protests
After Occupy Wall Street was evicted from Zucotti Park , protesters were allowed to return but faced a long list of park rules that changed daily , said Sarah Knuckey , a New York University law professor who worked with Occupy Wall Street . New York City police and park security refused entry to the park based on violations such as possessing food , musical instruments and yoga mats , they said .
Free speech advocates say the trend is dismaying . `` It reflects a hostility to protest , '' said Linda Lye , attorney for ACLU in Northern California . `` What we 've seen is a response not different from Bull Connor . ''
Late last week , it was discovered that the original plaque honouring the 1932 Siamese Revolution ( lower left ) at the Royal Plaza had been switched out for one with a bright message .
Police will help track down the missing 1932 Siamese Revolution memorial plaque only if its real owner shows up to file a complaint , deputy national police chief Pol Gen Srivara Ransibrahmanakul says .
They made the remarks after Prit Rattanakul Serireungriddhi , a 30-year-old grandson of Luang Serireungriddhi , who was part of the Khana Ratsadon group of military and civil officers which staged the 1932 revolution , changing the country 's absolute monarchy to a constitutional one , on Sunday filed a complaint at Dusit police station asking them to find the plaque which mysteriously disappeared from the Royal Plaza and has been replaced by a new one .
Pol Gen Srivara questioned if the complainant owns the plaque or was a damaged party . If they have proof of ownership , police are ready to act on their request , Pol Gen Srivara said .
`` I want to ask if the area [ the Royal Plaza ] belongs to anyone who placed the plaque [ in 1932 ] ? In fact , the area is not a spot where anyone can place their personal items , '' Pol Gen Srivara said .
They also warned those calling for the plaque 's return to avoid organising symbolic activities at the Royal Plaza otherwise they will breach the law regulating public assembly and the National Council for Peace and Order political gatherings ban .
Responding on Facebook , Sirawith `` Ja New '' Seritiwat , of the anti-coup New Democracy Movement , asked who the new plaque belongs to .
`` If there is no owner , I will remove [ the new plaque ] and will put a replica of the old one in its place until the old one returns , '' they wrote .
Responding to criticism that removal of the plaque would jeopardise democracy and history , Thepmontri Limpaphayom , an independent historian , wrote on Facebook Monday that democracy had nothing to with the plaque .
`` It is about the essence of the constitution and depends on how much we contribute to the country . Some kicked up a fuss and went so far as to say this has destroyed the history of the 1932 revolution . I think it is only rhetorical exaggeration , '' they wrote .
They also noted some of those who cried foul over the disappearance of the plaque are people who have been involved in underground political activities , anti-government elements and those wanted on lese majeste charges .
The brass plaque , fitted into the road surface near the King Rama V statue , marks the spot where Khana Ratsadon announced the revolution on June 24 , 1932 .
The inscription on the plaque reads : `` Here at dawn on June 24 , 1932 , Khana Ratsadon brings into being the constitution for the sake of the country 's prosperity . ''
It was replaced with a new plaque which bears a distinctly different message : `` May Siam be blessed with prosperity forever . May the people be happy and cheerful and become the strength of the country . ''
The disappearance came to light after the matter went viral on social media on Friday .
Mr Prit on Monday urged Democrat Party leader Abhisit Vejjajiva to take action or say something about the matter because the party was founded by a member of Khana Ratsadon -- Khuang Aphaiwong , who was premier between 1944-1948 .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Sixteen female senators from both parties called on the National Football League Thursday to adopt a zero-tolerance policy on domestic violence .
The senators said they were `` shocked and disgusted '' by a video showing former Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice punching their then-fiancee and knocking them unconscious .
`` Tragically , this is not the only case of an NFL player allegedly assaulting a woman even within the last year , '' the senators wrote in a letter to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell .
Article continues below ...
The senators said they were deeply concerned that a new policy Goodell announced last month would let a player commit a violent act and return to the field after a six-game suspension .
`` If you violently assault a woman , you should n't get a second chance to play football in the NFL , '' the letter said .
Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer of California put the letter together . It 's signed by 14 Democrats and two Republicans . Four other female senators — two Democrats and two Republicans — did not sign the letter , which Boxer 's office said was put together quickly after the Rice video was released earlier this week .
Goodell , who initially suspended Rice for two games for the February incident , said last month that they `` did n't get it right '' with Rice . The league set up new penalties for domestic violence : a six-game suspension for a first offense , at least a year for a second .
The Ravens released Rice on Monday and the NFL suspended them indefinitely after the website TMZ released video of the incident , which occurred in an elevator at an Atlantic City casino . The video shows Rice punching fiancee Janay Palmer — who is now their wife — and knocking them unconscious . The video is significantly more graphic than an initial video released by TMZ in July that showed Rice dragging Palmer from the elevator .
Goodell has insisted the league did n't see the violent images until this week . After The Associated Press reported that a law enforcement official said they had sent a video of Rice punching Palmer to NFL executive five months ago , Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Conn. , said news reports suggested a `` burgeoning , insurmountable credibility gap '' regarding statements by Goodell .
`` If these reports are true , Commissioner Goodell must go , for the good of the NFL and its fans , '' Blumenthal said late Wednesday . `` The current leadership of the NFL can not be trusted to fairly , genuinely implement policies that address domestic violence . ''
Earlier , 12 Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee sent Goodell a letter calling for greater transparency from the NFL . Separately , Republican Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada said Goodell had not acted swiftly enough to punish Rice .
Here 's a fresh example ( today ) of how Twitter throttles back my free speech when it does n't fit their political views . This only happens for Trump-related content , as far as I can tell . I have n't seen an exception yet . Notice the referenced tweet shows as “ unavailable ” but it actually is available when users click the link . Twitter does this trick so my followers will think the link is gone and they wo n't bother to click . This Twitter censorship method is well-documented by others .
The clever thing about Twitter 's approach is that they randomize it so everyone sees my content sometimes , but no one sees the good stuff all of the time . That creates the illusion that it might be a fluke , a temporary bug , or just a perceptual thing . Best of all , it makes people like me look like conspiracy nuts . This is brilliant technique for mind control . It took me about a year to see this as a real thing . I thought everyone that was yapping about it was in deep conspiracy theory mode too . Most of you reading this post will think the same about me .
And you might be right , which is even cooler . As you know , the only person who ca n't see the cognitive dissonance is the one in it . So I can never rule out the possibility that the problem is on my end .
I wo n't ask you to believe me about Twitter 's backdoor assault on the First Amendment . That would be a waste of energy . Just file it away in your brain and remember that I warned you . Twitter 's business is about to fall apart and I expect that you 'll see this story emerge from whistleblowers .
I 'm trying to get my channel on YouTube running smoothly for after Twitter 's collapse . I 'm still having massive and unpredictable hardware/software issues . You 'll see my A/B testing over at this link . Keep it handy in case I suddenly disappear from Twitter .
—
See the Grammy winners in a WhenCast .
Pathways in Education has plans to open a charter school for CPS dropouts next to the MB Bank building at Lawrence and Western . View Full Caption DNAinfo/Patty Wetli
LINCOLN SQUARE — Ald . Pat O'Connor ( 40th ) took to social media Monday to respond to constituents ' concern over a proposed alternative high school in Lincoln Square .
Since news of the school 's application came to the public 's attention last Thursday , O'Connor said their office had fielded numerous phone calls ranging `` from simple inquiry to outrage that the application was filed and there has been no discussion in the community . ''
A note posted to the alderman 's website and shared via email and Twitter attempted to clear up misconceptions about the school .
`` I 'm not quite sure why this is suddenly coming to light as this application was originally put before the Zoning Board of Appeals in October last year , '' they wrote .
In fact , O'Connor said they were approached by representatives from Pathways in Education a year ago about opening an alternative high school , contracted through Chicago Public Schools , at 4816 N. Western Ave .
The alderman said they directed the school to speak with officials at St. Matthias , as well as owners of neighboring businesses including Walgreens , McDonald 's and Subway that could be impacted by an influx of students .
`` Next , I asked them to bring a City building inspector into the building to determine if the site could , in fact , be a school given the stringent code requirements for natural light , fire code , etc. , '' they continued .
`` Assuming that those hurdles are cleared , it is my intent to then hold a community meeting . I see no reason to have a community discussion before we even know if , in fact , the site would qualify , '' O'Connor said .
Pathways ( PIE ) is one of four companies approved in 2014 by Chicago Public Schools as part of an expansion of programs aimed at struggling students and dropouts , technically referred to as Alternative Learning Opportunity Programs .
Existing PIE schools in Chicago are located in the Ashburn , Brighton Park and Avondale neighborhoods . According to PIE 's website , the proposed Lincoln Square site `` has been delayed until further notice , '' but packages are being delivered to `` PIE Lincoln '' at the Western Avenue address and the space has been outfitted with computers , tables , desks , chairs and other materials .
Listing the Lincoln Square site as part of its school network is `` premature '' on the part of Pathways , O'Connor said .
`` They 've told my office that they would remove this from their website , '' they said .
The Chicago PIE schools serve students ages 15-21 , targeting , according to CPS , `` youth who have been out of school , are significantly off track for graduation , are chronically truant or are otherwise at risk for academic failure . ''
PIE 's education model , as explained on its website , provides both independent study and small group instruction aimed at helping students complete their high school education .
`` Alternative schools exist because sometimes circumstances exist that make it more appropriate that their student not re-enroll in a regular CPS school . Parenthood , the need to support themselves and/or families , simply being older requires that we create alternative pathways to an education diploma and a future , '' O'Connor said .
`` When a student graduates from Pathways in Education , they receive a diploma from what would be their neighborhood high school and that CPS high school is credited with that graduate , '' they explained .
Yet the quality of education students receive by operators such as Pathways has been called into question , referred to as the `` McDonald 's '' of education by some experts .
A joint investigation by Catalyst Chicago and WBEZ , published in February , found that `` In general , these options schools rely on computer-based instruction , with little or no classroom teaching and discussion . In a week or month , students can whiz through a course that would take a year or semester in a traditional school . ''
“ Often when we look under the hood , there is a lower quality of learning going on , '' Sonja Santelises , vice president of K-12 policy and practice at the Education Trust , told Catalyst/WBEZ .
A decision by the Zoning Board of Approval regarding Pathways ' application has been delayed until at least May .
`` The decision to proceed to a hearing before the ZBA is theirs , '' O'Connor said .
For more neighborhood news , listen to DNAinfo Radio here :
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
The Sahel , that stretch of harsh territory south of the Sahara desert , is a bleak region . I did some work there , in a couple three countries . I came away with the conviction that if every day , every person in the Sahel planted one fruit tree and killed one goat , in about twenty years it would be worth visiting .
Figure 1 . Map of the Sahel region , shown in orange .
Anthony highlighted some science by press release in “ Climate change blamed for dead trees in Africa “ . The press release is about a paper that wo n't be published until this coming Friday . The lead author provided the following quotes for the press release . ( emphasis mine )
“ Rainfall in the Sahel has dropped 20-30 percent in the 20th century , the world 's most severe long-term drought since measurements from rainfall gauges began in the mid-1800s , ” said study lead author Patrick Gonzalez , who conducted the study while they were a visiting scholar at UC Berkeley 's Center for Forestry . “ Previous research already established climate change as the primary cause of the drought , which has overwhelmed the resilience of the trees . ”
I thought , “ Really ” ? Because I was sure I remembered all kinds of recent articles about the “ greening of the Sahel ” . In any case , I 'll take any excuse to learn something new . So I went off to see what the rainfall records had to say about the “ world 's most severe long-term drought ” .
I found three rainfall records that covered the Sahel in the time period from 1901 to the present . Two ( CRU and GPCC ) are available from KNMI Climate Explorer , and one ( Sahel Index ) can be downloaded from the University of Washington . I used the same geographical area as used by the University of Washington , from 10-20°N , and from 10°W to 20°E . The results are shown in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 . Three different estimates of rainfall in the Sahel region , 10-20°N , 10°W-20°E . Bright red line shows the 9 year Gaussian average of the median of the three estimates . Photo is of the Sahel region , Senegal
I 'm sorry , but I 'm not seeing either a “ severe long-term drought ” , or a drop of “ 20-30 percent in the 20th century ” , or a human fingerprint in that record . Modern times are drier than mid-20th century , but not much different from the first part of the century . Rainfall has gone up , and it has gone down , and then back up again . Nor is there any obvious correlation with the general warming of the planet over the same time period . Given the close agreement of the three records , I think we can have reasonable confidence in the data .
I did enjoy their claim that “ Previous research already established climate change as the primary cause of the drought. ” Climate change causes droughts ? Interesting theory . Does climate change also cause not-droughts ? I wonder what else is caused by climate change , given that the climate has always been changing .
Finally , I was not mistaken that I remembered articles about the “ greening of the Sahel ” . Here 's information from the Encyclopedia of the Earth , from National Geographic , and from the Global Warming Policy Foundation regarding how the Sahel has been getting , not drier and browner , but wetter and greener ever since the 1980s .
Conclusions ? My only conclusion is that folks are getting desperate for funding , and that the manufacturing of climate pseudo-catastrophes is a booming cottage industry .
w .
PS—I 'm dead serious about planting trees and killing goats . The main cause of what desertification occurs in the Sahel is humans , but not by way of CO2 . We do it by burning whatever will burn to cook our food , and by letting the goats destroy the rest .
Advertisements
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
The famous sci-fi author William Gibson once tweeted :
People who feel safer with a gun than with guaranteed medical insurance do n't yet have a fully adult concept of scary .
That simple observation actually explains quite a bit about the gun-control debate .
If you 've ever wandered into an argument over guns and gun control , you 've undoubtedly noticed that the two sides talk past each other . Proponents of gun control quote statistics : how many more shooting deaths we have in America than there are in countries with fewer guns , how many more suicides or police deaths there are in well-armed states , and so on .
Pro-gun advocates are more likely to tell stories , and often those stories are dark what-if fantasies : What if home invaders came to kill you , kidnap your baby , or rape your teen-age daughter ? What if you were a hostage in a bank robbery ? What if you were at a restaurant or grocery store when terrorists broke in and started killing people ? Would n't you wish you had a gun then ?
Such stories are easily stretched to indict even the mildest forms of gun control , like limiting magazines to ten shots : Picture your wife hiding in a closet with a handgun . Before they hid , they have already gotten off a few shots at the invaders , and now she 's not sure how many shots they have left . Do n't you wish now you 'd been able to buy them a gun with a larger magazine ?
What we 're seeing here is that there are two very different ways to think about risk and security . In the one Gibson describes as the adult way , you focus on the most likely risks and come up with ways to mitigate them .
Shortly after 9-11 , I remember seeing a security expert interviewed on TV . ( I wish I could remember enough details to google up a link . ) The host asked what Americans could do to be safer , and the expert responded : “ Wear seat belts and do n't smoke. ” Their point was that although spectacular risks like terrorist attacks may plague your imagination and call for spectacular remedies , more mundane risks like car accidents or cancer are far more significant , and there are a number of dull-but-effective things you can do about them . [ 1 ] If you 're just trying not to die , that 's the place to focus your efforts .
But you can also think about risk the way that children think about monsters in their closets . In that mode of thought , the problem is n't the real-life probability of danger , it 's that a dark fantasy has gotten into your head and you ca n't get it out . If you 've ever dealt with a frightened child or remember being one , you know that you ca n't solve a closet-monster problem by finding statistics to demonstrate how low being-eaten-by-a-closet-monster ranks among childhood death risks . Instead , you need to come up with some talisman or ritual that creates an aura of safety . The child needs a security blanket or a teddy bear , not more accurate information about relative risks . [ 2 ]
That 's the need that guns fulfill for most of their owners . [ 3 ] They 're security blankets , not insurance policies . The point is n't that home invasion is a major risk in your life , that you are well-trained enough to win a middle-of-the-night shoot-out if home invaders show up , or even that you have a practical way to get the gun out of its safe-storage location in time to use it at all ; it 's that when the home-invasion fantasy plagues you , you can tell yourself , “ It 's OK . I have a gun . ”
[ 1 ] One of those risks is suicide , and owning a gun increases it . Everyone has suicidal thoughts from time to time , and gun-owners have a very convenient and effective way to take action on such thoughts . Statistically , you are far more likely to kill yourself with a gun than to kill a terrorist or a home invader .
[ 2 ] Fear of flying is a second example of this pattern : If you 're afraid to fly , statistics about the safety of commercial air travel miss the point . The problem is n't that you have incorrectly assessed the relative risks of flying vs. driving ; it 's that you can imagine being completely helpless while the plane is crashing . What you need is some talisman or ritual that will keep that thought out of your head for a few hours .
[ 3 ] Of course , there are people who have real security problems whose solutions involve guns : presidents , for example . That 's why the complaint that it 's hypocrisy for Obama to advocate gun control while armed men protect them and their family is so off-base . Four of our 44 presidents ( Lincoln , Garfield , McKinley , and Kennedy ) have died by assassination , several others have been shot at , and all frequently receive threats . If you 're president , assassination is n't a monster in your closet , it 's your most significant risk of dying .
Likewise , if you deal drugs , or regularly transport large quantities of cash to the bank , or have some other risk factor that makes death-by-violence more than just a what-if , your gun might be more than a security blanket . But if so , you are in a small minority of gun owners .
An attorney has indicated the number of children physically or sexually abused by priests while serving in a choir run by Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI 's brother at their Roman Catholic school in the German city of Regensburg totals 231 . That 's more than three times as many cases as had been reported previously by the church .
Ulrich Weber , a lawyer hired by the church , announced the new cases Friday in conjunction with their investigation into the scandal centered on the Domspatzen ( Cathedral Sparrows ) , which is the official choir at the Regensburg Cathedral dedicated to St. Peter in Bavaria state . The first allegations of sexual abuse there were made public in 2010 when a well-known composer named Franz Wittenbrink told the German magazine Der Spiegel they had been abused while enrolled at the boarding school .
Weber said the reported sexual abuse encompassed offenses such as fondling and rape , while the reported physical abuse included beatings and the withholding of food . They said victims named 10 perpetrators , according to Agence France-Presse .
The alleged abuse occurred between 1953 and 1992 . For 30 of those years , the choir was run by the older brother of Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI , who resigned as pontiff in 2013 due to declining health .
Overall , 2,100 students participated in the choir during that period . Weber said they expect as many as one-third of its participants may have been abused over the years . Last year , the church began paying compensation of 2,500 euros ( $ 2,730 ) to each victim .
The famous group of boys and young men is more than 1,000 years old . Its members sing at the Regensburg Cathedral each Sunday and also perform elsewhere around the world .
Globally , at least 3,400 allegations of sexual abuse have been made against Catholic clergy . Benedict defrocked 384 accused priests in the final two years of their reign . Meanwhile , the church spent more than $ 150 million in just one year to investigate the claims .
The Sunday morning TV pundits revived some passionate talking points about the health care law following this week 's resignation of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . Look to the partisan bickering between Democratic strategist James Carville and conservative radio host Laura Ingraham on ABC 's This Week to see what we mean .
Carville said Sebelius ' departure does n't change the fact that the law is working . `` You know what ? Y'all said it was gon na collapse . You said no one would sign up . You said it was going to cost part-time jobs -- ``
`` It 's costing 2 million jobs , '' Ingraham jumped in , attributing the figure to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office .
Carville kept talking : `` You said the risk corridors were going to go broke . None of that has happened . Get over it . It 's working . It 's gon na work . ''
PunditFact checks out Carville 's point on risk corridors here . In this fact-check , we focused on Ingraham 's point about a CBO report that analyzed the health care law 's long-term effect on employment .
Fact-checkers have heard Obamacare critics misrepresent the report many , many times . When the CBO released this report in February , House Speaker John Boehner and Fox News host Gretchen Carlson jumped out in front with some poor interpretations of this paragraph from CBO :
`` The reduction in CBO 's projections of hours worked represents a decline in the number of full-time-equivalent workers of about 2.0 million in 2017 , rising to about 2.5 million in 2024 , '' the nonpartisan research service wrote .
At first blush , that may seem to match what Ingraham said about the law `` costing 2 million jobs . '' But the losses CBO projected are n't exactly full-time jobs , and they are n't driven by employers laying off employees .
Essentially , some workers are expected to voluntarily dial back their hours .
Or as the CBO put it : `` The estimated reduction stems almost entirely from a net decline in the amount of labor that workers choose to supply , rather than from a net drop in businesses ' demand for labor . ''
It 's an important distinction . CBO estimated that millions of Americans will probably decide they do n't need to work as much because the law makes health insurance more available by offering subsidies for some to obtain insurance and expanding Medicaid eligibility in some states .
CBO found the tax penalties imposed on employers that do not provide insurance to their workers and new taxes on labor income would have a smaller effect on the labor market than the Medicaid expansion and exchange subsidies .
Just as important , CBO 's 2 million `` full-time-equivalent workers '' figure is not a dressed-up word for 2 million full-time jobs . CBO did not break down how many full-time jobs would be reduced under the law versus employees simply working fewer hours , dropping a separate part-time job , or leaving the workforce .
`` Because some people will reduce the amount of hours they work rather than stopping work altogether , the number who will choose to leave employment because of the ACA in 2024 is likely to be substantially less than 2.5 million , '' the report states . `` At the same time , more than 2.5 million people are likely to reduce the amount of labor they choose to supply to some degree because of the ACA , even though many of them will not leave the labor force entirely . ''
None of this is to say the health care law is not affecting the job market .
Analysts expect the country 's labor force participation rate to fall over the coming decade , and some people may not like the idea that people would work fewer hours because they can obtain government-subsidized insurance .
`` Bigger implicit and explicit tax distortions are reducing productive economic activity , '' Alan Auerbach , an economist at the University of California-Berkeley , told us in February .
Lastly , researchers said the law 's biggest effects on employment would happen after 2016 , when more provisions have taken effect , so the estimate is not a present-day reflection as Ingraham makes it sound . CBO researchers also note total employment and compensation will increase over the next decade , but `` that increase will be smaller than it would have been in the absence of the ACA . ''
Our ruling
We are fact-checkers , not fortune-tellers . We 'll steer clear of declaring the health care law a success or failure . For one , it 's simply too soon to tell .
It is possible to say , however , whether pundits are accurately summarizing projections from nonpartisan government analysts about the law . And when Ingraham cited CBO for their claim that the law `` is costing 2 million jobs , '' they glazed over a swath of important details .
Ingraham 's claim contains an element of truth but ignores critical facts that would give a different impression . We rate it Mostly False .
( Update April 15 : Ingraham responded to our ruling on their April 14 , radio show , saying : `` The economy is affected when fewer people work . This is a real effect on the real American economy . So you can argue about how you interpret the number of jobs lost . You can say that 's a good thing . ... Democrats love when people are n't working . ... That does not change the underlying fact that jobs will be lost because of Obamacare . PolitiFact and the Democrats think it 's a good idea to add to those terrible ( jobs ) numbers with more people not working . And you 're going to fact-check me ? Fact-check this . Fact-check yourself . You are so untethered to reality and the real world for most people . Go finger paint in your free time . '' )
WASHINGTON — The Obama administration has concluded that uranium particles discovered last year at a secretive Iranian military base likely were tied to the country 's past , covert nuclear weapons program , current and former officials said , a finding that contradicts Tehran 's longstanding denials that it was pursuing a bomb .
Traces of human-made uranium were found at the Parchin facility , southeast of Tehran , by investigators from the International Atomic Energy Agency , the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog , as part of an investigation tied to the landmark nuclear deal reached last July between Iran and global powers .
The Iranians have claimed that the site was used for developing and testing conventional weapons . The particles were the first physical evidence — on top of satellite imagery and documents from defectors — to support the charge that Iran had been pursuing a bomb there .
The Obama administration did n't comment about the uranium in December when the IAEA released its report ; the finding got only one brief mention in the 16 pages . But in recent interviews , current and former U.S. officials asked about the uranium finding said the working assumption now is that it is tied to nuclear weapons development that Iran is believed to have pursued more than a decade ago .
Administration officials also said the discovery has n't altered the assessment by U.S. intelligence that Tehran suspended its bomb-making efforts in 2003 .
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com .
TL ; DR
This blog post is a followup on our previous post How setting the TZ environment variable avoids thousands of system calls . In this post , we 'll explore a particularly prominent case where a micro-optimization ( like removing a system call in a hot path ) had a drastic effect on software performance .
Setup your own NPM registry for free . Sign up !
What is a “ noticeable ” improvement ?
We previously described an environment variable that an application can set to avoid thousands of extra system calls .
Our post was met with some reasonable questions and a bit of skepticism :
“ This is neat , but does removing a single system call result in any noticeable performance improvement for a program ? ”
“ This seems unnecessary ; system calls are fast on Linux , anyway . ”
It 's difficult to say what “ noticeable ” might mean for each developer and their application . Kernel and driver developers often devote a considerable amount of time to micro-optimize their code and data structures in such a way as to maximize usage of CPU cache and reduce the amount of CPU usage , even by what most programmers might consider tiny amounts . Should application programmers pay less mind to these sorts of optimizations ? After all , one might consider these micro-optimizations as not being “ noticeable ” either .
For the purposes of this article , let 's take “ noticeable ” to mean “ easily measurable and very obvious. ” Can we show a real world example of when removing a slow ( non-vDSO enabled ) system call from a code path was easily measurable and very obvious ?
It turns out that there are infact many instances of this in the wild : everything from packet sniffers to programming language runtimes . Let 's look at a particularly infamous case : sigprocmask and its effect on the Ruby language runtime .
What is sigprocmask ?
sigprocmask is system call that is used to check or set the current process ' signal mask . This allows a program to block or permit signals and is useful when a program needs to execute a critical section of code that can not be interrupted .
It is not a particularly complex system call . The kernel code for sigprocmask shows that it writes a sigset_t to a C structure that contains the current process ' state ( called a task_struct in the kernel ) ; this is a very fast operation .
Let 's create a simple test program that calls sigprocmask in a tight loop and use strace and time to measure it : # include < stdlib.h > # include < signal.h > int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { int i = 0 ; sigset_t test ; for ( ; i < 1000000 ; i++ ) { sigprocmask ( SIG_SETMASK , NULL , & test ) ; } return 0 ; }
Compile with gcc -o test test.c and execute first with time and then again with strace and time .
On my test system :
Running simply with time ./test , yields on the order of 0m0.047s , 0m0.012s , and 0m0.036s real , user , and system time , respectively .
, yields on the order of , , and real , user , and system time , respectively . Running again with time stace -ttT ./test , shows overhead imposed by strace quite clearly with 0m52.364s , 0m9.313s , and 0m14.349s real , user , and system time , respectively .
The strace output will show approximate execution times for each sigprocmask call ( which will likely show up as rt_sigprocmask on your system ) . The approximate times are very small . On my test system , I get something like 0.000003 most of the time , with an occasional jump to 0.000074 .
( By the way : it turns out that measuring exact system call execution time is difficult for a number of reasons all of which are far outside the scope of this article . We can assume , though , that all of these measurements are equally incorrect . )
Let 's review what we know :
sigprocmask is a system call used to set or check the current process ' signal mask .
is a system call used to set or check the current process ' signal mask . The kernel side code is simple and should execute quickly .
The time and strace output both show that executing 1 million sigprocmask calls in a tight loop terminates quickly with each call taking a very small amount of time .
With numbers like this how could removing extra calls to sigprocmask ever be worth the effort ?
Look deeper
Sometimes , other code we use in our applications ( like system libraries , the kernel , glibc , etc ) does things that we do n't quite expect or has side effects that do n't seem obvious up front . To illustrate this point , I 'm going to show a severe performance penalty that was incurred by indirectly using sigprocmask in a test program and then show how this manifested in a real world application .
One of the most prominent examples of extra sigprocmask calls leading directly to an obvious and easily measurable performance degradation was in our old friend Ruby 1.8.7 . The performance loss occurs when Ruby 1.8.7 is compiled with one particular configure flag .
We 'll start by using Ruby 1.8.7 with the default configure flags used on most operating systems ( Debian , Ubuntu , et . al . ) at the time Ruby 1.8.7 was widely used . We 'll examine a test case illustrating the performance loss followed by a real world example and an explanation of how this happened in Ruby .
sigprocmask test case
Let 's take a look at the following test code : def make_thread Thread.new do a = [ ] 10_000_000.times do a < < `` a '' a.pop end end end t = make_thread t1 = make_thread t.join t1.join
This code is simple : it creates two threads , each of which adds and removes data to an array 10 million times . If we run this with the default Ruby 1.8.7 configure flags and strace , we 'll see some surprising results : $ strace -ce rt_sigprocmask /tmp/test-ruby/usr/local/bin/ruby /tmp/test.rb Process 30018 attached Process 30018 detached % time seconds usecs/call errors syscall -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 0.50 0.139288 0 20033025 rt_sigprocmask
Over 20 million system calls for sigprocmask were generated by the Ruby VM from the code I pasted above . You may think : “ But , look at how little time was consumed ! There 's no way this matters ! ”
As mentioned before , measuring system call time is a bit complicated . Let 's re-run the test program with time ( but not strace ) and get a reading on how long this test program takes to complete on my system : $ time /tmp/gogo/usr/local/bin/ruby /tmp/test.rb real 0m6.147s user 0m5.644s sys 0m0.476s
So , about 6 seconds real time to execute . This means the code is making roughly 3.3 million sigprocmask calls per second . Wow .
If we adjust one configure flag for building Ruby slightly , we can get the Ruby VM build system to avoid making calls to sigprocmask !
Let 's re-run the strace and time tests , but with a Ruby that has been adjusted slightly to avoid making sigprocmask calls and see what we get : $ strace -ce rt_sigprocmask /tmp/test-ruby-2/usr/local/bin/ruby /tmp/test.rb % time seconds usecs/call errors syscall -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -nan 0.000000 0 3 rt_sigprocmask
Whoa ! We 've reduced the calls to sigprocmask from over 20 million to 3 . Looks like strace had trouble computing the system call execution time : (
Let 's see what time says : $ time /tmp/test-ruby-2/usr/local/bin/ruby /tmp/test.rb real 0m3.716s user 0m3.692s sys 0m0.004s
Roughly 40 % faster ( real time ) than our previous example and less than 1 sigprocmask call per second .
So , that 's a cool result , but it raises a few important questions :
Is n't this example a bit contrived ?
When would this actually matter in the real world ?
What is going on when adjusting to configure flags that is actually causing this ?
Let 's look at a real world example of when this mattered and then we 'll dive into some of the details of what is actually going on .
Real world example : Puppet
A bug filed against Puppet shows precisely the impact of extra sigprocmask system calls in the Ruby VM :
I 'm currently facing what I consider serious performance issues . In fact , Puppet seems to be very slow in general . Let me show you a first example : $ time puppet —version 0.24.5 real 0m0.718s user 0m0.576s sys 0m0.140s During that time , there is hundreds , if not thousands “ rt_sigprocmask ( SIG_BLOCK , NULL , [ ] , 8 ) ” calls being made . All this to show the version .
If you follow the thread , you can find more comments complaining about the poor performance of Puppet and further seaches show stackoverflow questions expressing the same concern .
It 's not just Ruby and Puppet , though . You can find similar bug reports for other projects with users reporting 100 % CPU usage and hundreds of thousands of calls to sigprocmask melting their CPUs .
How does this happen ? Should n't this be easy to fix ?
What 's really going on here is that the calls to sigprocmask are coming from inside of a pair of glibc functions ( that are not system calls ) : getcontext and setcontext .
These two functions are used to save and restore the CPU state and are commonly used by programs and libraries implementing exception handling or userland threads . In the case of Ruby 1.8.7 : setcontext and getcontext are used as part of the userland thread implementation to context switch between threads .
You 'd imagine that this pair of functions would execute quickly , after all , they just need to save or restore a small set of CPU registers . It turns out that in addition to saving the set of CPU registers ( a very fast operation ) the implementations of these functions in glibc are such that the sigprocmask system call is used to save or restore the signal mask .
Recall that Linux provides a mechanism ( the vDSO ) for certain system calls to be executed in userland instead of the kernerl in order to reduce the cost associated with making those system calls . Unfortunately , sigprocmask is not one of the system calls that is provided by the vDSO . All sigprocmask system calls will cause a transition from userland to the kernel .
The cost of this transition is much higher than the cost of other operations in setcontext or getcontext ( which are a few simple memories writes ) . If you are calling these functions very often you are now performing a slow operation ( in this case a system call to sigprocmask , which does not pass through the vDSO ) every time you intended to do something quickly ( like saving or restoring the CPU register set to switch threads ) .
Why does changing a configured flag make this go away ?
At the time Ruby 1.8.7 was widely used , it was by default configured with -- enable-pthread which enabled a separate OS-level timer thread that would occasionally run to pre-empt the Ruby VM . This is how the Ruby VM knew when it was time to switch between the userland threads that were mapped to threads created in Ruby programs . Using -- enable-pthread also caused to configure script to search for and use the functions getcontext and setcontext . If you did n't use -- enable-pthread , to configure script would instead search for and use _setjmp and _longjmp ( note the underscores ) instead . These functions do not save or restore the signal mask , and thus , thus they do not make the system call to sigprocmask .
So :
-- enable-pthread and -- disable-pthread were intended to be used to control whether the Ruby VM 's userland threading implementation would use an OS level thread or a simple VTALRM signal to notify the Ruby VM when it was time to switch execution to a different Ruby thread .
and were intended to be used to control whether the Ruby VM 's userland threading implementation would use an OS level thread or a simple signal to notify the Ruby VM when it was time to switch execution to a different Ruby thread . The unintended side effect of switching between these two pre-emptiong methods is that the underlying primitives used to implement context switching are swapped between setcontext / getcontext and _setjmp / _longjmp .
/ and / . The additional side effect of this low level function swap is either additional calls to sigprocmask ( if the setcontext / getcontext pair is chosen ) or not .
( if the / pair is chosen ) or not . The additional side effect being reduced performance if the pair which uses sigprocmask is chosen .
is chosen . The real world result in which users of Puppet ( and other software ) have a poor experience .
Phew ; all of this from one configure flag that essentially enables or disables a single system call in a hot path .
Conclusion
Micro-optimizations do matter , but the extent to which they matter is , of course , application specific . Being aware that the libraries and code you depend on can do things you might not expect ( like to make a slow system call in a hot path ) and knowing which tools to use to detect and correct these sorts of issues can have a vast impact on your users and , in some cases , your users ' users .
Related posts
If you enjoyed this post , you may enjoy some of our other low-level technical posts :
The actual actuary explains why she 's planning to lie about their age and their job when they hit Heroes Beach .
Welcome to the Survivor : Heroes vs Healers vs Hustlers preseason ! THR 's Josh Wigler reports from their exclusive visit to the show 's shooting location in Fiji , where they interviewed host Jeff Probst , as well as the 18 new castaways battling it out for the million-dollar prize .
Click here to make sure you 're all caught up on our stories from the island , including our weekly podcast series `` First One Out , '' an in-depth look at all of the new players , culminating in an interview with the first person voted out this season .
The fourth member of the Heroes tribe , in first-name alphabetical order : Chrissy Hofbeck , an actuary from New Jersey . What does an actuary do , exactly , and why is it that you do n't really want to know the answer ? Good questions , both of them ! And Chrissy very much hopes their competitors will be happy to stay in the dark .
`` I 'm going to be dumb down my profession , '' they say . `` I 'm going to go with insurance pricing . No one will ever ask about it again because insurance is so insanely boring . I really do insurance pricing , but I do it with data and math , and I get very excited when I talk about equations . We 're not going to want to go there . ''
In reality , Chrissy says she 's an executive level actuary who leads a huge team of people — or , more accurately , they were an executive level actuary who led a huge team of people . In order to play Survivor , Chrissy walked away from their `` very big job , '' for the second time in their career ; they previously walked away from a high-level position in the world of finance in order to be a stay-at-home mom and raise their children for nearly a decade . Even during those years , Chrissy still kept aiming for one million-dollar prospect : Survivor . They say she 's been applying for the show since the very beginning , with the lone exception being season two .
`` I never gave up the dream , '' they say . `` When I got the call , it was seriously not a question about work , even though I had a big job . I will get another big job . I will never have another chance to play Survivor . ''
Given that she 's been applying since 2001 , it should come as no surprise that Chrissy is one of the oldest castmembers this season . In fact , she 's right up there as the oldest alongside fellow Hero and fellow 46-year-old Katrina Radke . It 's not something that Chrissy is especially excited about .
`` Anything over 40 is the kiss of death in this game , '' says Chrissy , who has paid close attention to Survivor winners ' ages — not a surprise , given that numbers are kind of their specialty . `` There are very few winners over 40 . Bob [ Crowley , winner of season 17 ] was 57 , and then you have Doctor Denise [ Stapley , winner of season 25 ] , who was around 41 . I was hoping that I would look around and there would be some elderlies in the group , but there are none . So , that is me . There are a couple who I ca n't really tell — maybe an older woman and an older guy . ''
Listen to the podcast below to hear from Chrissy and the rest of the Heroes Tribe in the second episode of our preseason series , `` First One Out . ''
With that said , Chrissy has a plan to counteract what they perceive as their biggest obstacle in the game : `` I 'm definitely lying about my age , because I am seriously more than two decades older than the rest of these young children who are out here with me , and I do n't want to be first vote-off because I 'm grandma . I am the elderly of the show , which is so scary . '' They plan on telling players that she 's 39 years old , reasoning : `` When you 're 25 , you have no idea what a 39-year-old looks like . You have no clue . '' Whether or not they succeed in playing down their age and the high-level magnitude of their profession , Chrissy feels more than equipped to meet the challenges of Survivor : `` I think this is the greatest game in the history of the planet . What I love about it is it 's sort of like a choosey your own adventure , depending on who 's on the island with you . The method that worked last season does not work this season . It wo n't work next season . What works for me , wo n't work for the next guy . I love that whole social dynamic of it , and figuring out what everyone else is thinking . ''
Indeed , Chrissy sees the problem of predicting other players ' future actions as the great draw of Survivor , and one that leans in quite nicely to their particular set of skills as an actuary .
`` What an actuary does is calculate the present value of future risk , '' they explain . `` We say what we think is going to happen in the future . What 's the probability of that happening ? And we use that to figure out our best current decision . That 's exactly what Survivor is . What do I think will happen in three days , six days , nine days ? What do I have to do now in order to account for that down the line ? It 's all just future probabilities , right ? It 's great . ''
Watch the video below for more from Chrissy on why she 's going to win Survivor .
That 's Chrissy in their own words . But what does everyone else think ? Over the course of these interviews , I showed the castaways pictures of each other from casting , to get their pregame impressions of their future competitors . Read on for their takes on Chrissy .
Note : comments from the castaways have been edited and condensed for clarity .
Ben Driebergen ( Marine , Heroes Tribe ) : She 's awesome . She 's gon na be the mom of the bunch .
Ali Elliott ( Celebrity Assistant , Hustlers Tribe ) : They definitely seem like the mom . They seem very sweet . Every morning , you can tell that they want to say good morning , but she 's just smiling . If we get put on the same tribe , I would want to work with them
Ryan Ulrich ( Bellhop , Hustlers Tribe ) : They seem really sweet . She 's a mom . I can see they wear a wedding band , so I 'm assuming she 's married with kids .
Katrina Radke ( Olympian , Heroes Tribe ) : She 's like a mom , like me , I 'm thinking . Yeah , they and I kind of connected at the airport . I should n't say airport , huh ?
Josh Wigler ( Reporter , THR ) : You can say airport . Everyone knows you flew here . You did n't row !
Katrina Radke ( Olympian , Heroes Tribe ) : Well , I 'm thinking maybe she 's the only one I 'm guessing about my age , and maybe has a similar story in the sense that they might be a mom . I 'm looking forward to getting to know them
Desi Williams ( Physical Therapist , Healers Tribe ) : I really do n't have any type of read on them They kind of stays to herself . I think she 's probably a sweet lady , probably a mom , I would assume . She 's like the people I work with , the faculty and staff . A mom , older , just trying to find their way . I hate to call them a stay-at-home mom , but they seem like that type .
Roark Luskin ( Social Worker , Healers Tribe ) : She 's so sweet . My guess is that she 's a mom . They just wears a necklace with four engraved initials , none of which are hers , and so I 'm guessing that they have maybe four kids . They do n't strike me as that old , but maybe they started having children young . And they seem super sweet . She 's always kind of offering things to people and they keep getting yelled at for , `` no sharing . '' So I think that they could be a Dawn [ Meehan , from seasons 23 and 26 ] type person , potentially .
Jessica Johnston ( Nurse Practitioner , Healers Tribe ) : They seem super sweet , like the mother type of the group , but with those types … I 've watched the show . Those people scare me because people do view them as a mom I never had , someone they can confide in , and then they ultimately get to the end . Then they win . I do n't like them already .
Simone Nguyen ( Diversity Advocate , Hustlers Tribe ) : Moms honestly do n't do that well in the show , so I 'm not really scared of them … If I could , I 'd take them to the end with me , because it does n't matter how good they are . People are not going to look at them like a threat and people are not going to respect them at the end , even if they play a perfect game .
Lauren Rimmer ( Fisherman , Hustlers Tribe ) : I think she 's going to be very easy to talk to . I think they also might be easy to persuade . I 'm hoping that , anyway . I think that she 's not going to be as strong during challenges , but you know , not everybody needs to be strong during challenges .
Joe Mena ( Probation Officer , Healers Tribe ) : That 's my Trish . Tony had Trish , and that 's my Trish .
Mike Zahalsky ( Urologist , Healers Tribe ) : I think she 's very , very nice . She 's a lovely person . They were at my finals and the entire time , they were just bouncy and friendly and kind .
Watch the video below for an early look at what Chrissy 's victory speech might look like .
Actual actuary Chrissy Hofbeck issues an early congratulation to their future self on ( hopefully ) winning # Survivor . More from Chrissy soon at the link in my bio . A post shared by Josh Wigler ( @ roundhoward ) on Sep 4 , 2017 at 11:00am PDT
JP Hilsabeck ( Firefighter , Heroes Tribe ) : She 's a little older or something . Seems like a nice girl . Do n't really know .
Alan Ball ( NFL Player , Heroes Tribe ) : The mom . She 's the mom on the show , so far to me . She 's very subtle , very quiet , kind of floats around , if you 're not paying attention you 'll miss them They say things every once in a while , and I do n't know if she 's a mom or not , but they have that `` only speak when something needs to be said '' look about them
Devon Pinto ( Surf Instructor , Hustlers Tribe ) : She 's probably the one I 've gotten the best vibes from . Just good eye contact , seems trustworthy , intelligent … she 's definitely going to be more wise , since she 's one of the older ones . And she 's very pretty , too . Very pretty .
Cole Medders ( Wilderness Therapy Guide , Healers Tribe ) : She 's got the `` hot mom '' going on . Even in casting finals , they were super flirty with almost everyone . They even got away with like something you were n't supposed to do : As they were leaving breakfast one morning , they touched me on the shoulder and winked at me and that kind of stuff .
Patrick Bolton ( Small Business Owner , Hustlers Tribe ) : They squeezed my butt when we were in an elevator .
Josh Wigler ( Reporter , THR ) : They squeezed your butt when you were in an elevator ?
Patrick Bolton ( Small Business Owner , Hustlers Tribe ) : Yes .
Josh Wigler ( Reporter , THR ) : What ? You ca n't just say that and not elaborate .
Patrick Bolton ( Small Business Owner , Hustlers Tribe ) : We were getting off the plane . We were getting in an elevator to go to a separate room where we were all sitting . And you know , they smiled at me , squeezed my butt , and that was about it , pretty much . I guess just to make a little connection , to let me know that she 's …
Josh Wigler ( Reporter , THR ) : That 's a big connection !
Patrick Bolton ( Small Business Owner , Hustlers Tribe ) : They were letting me know that she 's friendly ! It was a friendly gesture .
Ryan Ulrich ( Bellhop , Hustlers Tribe ) : They seem really nice — overly nice though , to everybody . She 's really playing . She 's a threat . They do a lot of puzzles in pregame , and you could n't catch me near a puzzle pregame .
Ashley Nolan ( Lifeguard , Heroes Tribe ) : The first thing I thought of them is that they might be somebody 's mom or something . Very pretty lady , just like a nice mom . Then it started turning into maybe like a little bit more of a desperate housewives mom ? They had a glimmer in their eye that was like … very smiley , but kind of evil at the same time . The more I 'm analyzing her , the more I 'm looking at her , the more I 'm like , `` This chick , they look like they might stab you in the back , and then bake you cookies afterwards . '' They could be a scary one .
Chrissy Hofbeck ( Actuary , Heroes Tribe ) : It looks like a really good group of people . I always look at good versus evil in Survivor . So far , it looks like we have at least 10 or 12 good , and only a couple of them evil , and some who I really ca n't tell the difference . Once they open their mouths , then I 'll know .
Josh Wigler ( Reporter , THR ) : So , which one are you , good or evil ?
Chrissy Hofbeck ( Actuary , Heroes Tribe ) : I am good ! ( Laughs . ) And good should always win !
Click through the gallery below for photos of Chrissy and the rest of the Season 35 castaways .
Keep checking THR.com/Survivor for more coverage of the Heroes vs Healers vs Hustlers preseason .
Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher responds to questions during the ACC kickoff in Pinehurst , N.C. , on Tuesday , July 21 , 2015 . ( Photo : AP )
The Florida State football team reports for fall camp on Wednesday , and will have its first practice on Thursday ahead of the 2015 season .
Check out NoleSports ' Top 5 storylines heading into FSU fall camp :
1 . ‘ Soft ' Seminoles : With the exception of several players on defense , head coach Jimbo Fisher has praised their team for being a group of young , talented players that need to be coached up . After the Seminoles ' first practice back from Easter break this spring , Fisher called their team “ soft ” after playing with a lack of physicality , competitiveness , and consistency during a scrimmage .
“ They better grow up , ” Fisher said . “ Bunch of young guys think they 're real good , and they ai n't close . Nowhere close . Got ability . Got to learn how to play with intangibles . A little bit soft as a team overall on both sides . ”
Maybe the comment was intended to rev up the Seminoles after a holiday weekend , but FSU ca n't afford to hold itself back on the practice fields if it aspires to win a fourth consecutive ACC title this season .
2 . Wide receivers : FSU 's wide receiver group might be the most talented unit on the team , but it has a little growing up to do , too . Junior Jesus Wilson and Travis Rudolph , only a sophomore , are FSU 's most experienced receivers on the team .
Sophomores Ja'Vonn ‘ Pigg ' Harrison and Ermon Lane , and freshmen George Campbell , Da'Vante Phillips and Auden Tate were all ranked as four-star receivers or higher coming out of high school , with Lane and Campbell ranked as five-star prospects .
But collectively , they must continue to develop under wide receivers coach Lawrence Dawsey if they 're going to make an impact in FSU 's offense moving forward .
“ The receivers need to grow up , ” Fisher said after calling their team soft . “ They 're not very tough . Not very competitive . Not one of them . ”
3 . Can Golson fill Winston 's shoes ?
By all accounts , transfer quarterback Everett Golson has been acclimating well with their new teammates since arriving on campus in June . And they showed the social media world as much on Saturday after taking to Twitter and responding to criticism from ESPN 's Paul Finebaum , who said FSU is trending downward in 2015 and Golson was better in 2012 than they were last season .
Golson has not been handed the starting job ; he 'll have to compete with Sean Maguire , J.J. Cosentino and true first-year student Deondre Francois , Fisher said . But we know why he 's here . Replacing the output Jameis Winston had on offense wo n't be an easy task , but Golson can help ease the transition .
Winston , a Heisman Trophy winner and national champion in 2013 , finished their FSU career with a 26-1 record , throwing for 7,964 yards and 65 touchdowns and 28 interceptions during their two seasons with the Seminoles . Golson has 5,850 passing yards with 41 touchdowns and 20 interceptions , and a trip to the 2012 national title game under their belt in two seasons at Notre Dame .
4 . Running back depth : With Dalvin Cook 's first court case set for Sept. 2 — three days before FSU 's season opener against Texas State — the Seminoles ' running back situation is something to keep an eye on during fall camp .
Cook has been suspended indefinitely since they were charged with misdemeanor battery for allegedly hitting a woman outside a Tallahassee bar in June .
Fisher likened Cook 's absence as an injury , saying the players next in line need to emerge for the Seminoles . Behind Cook on FSU 's preseason depth chart is redshirt junior Mario Pender , sophomore Johnathan Vickers or first-year student bruiser Jacques Patrick , who had a successful showing during spring practices .
Last season , Cook became the first first-year student running back in school history to rush for more than 1,000 yards .
5 . Injuries galore : FSU practiced without at least 25 scholarship players just two days before their 2015 spring game in April . But Fisher was encouraged when talking about players coming back for fall camp .
Among some of the major injuries , Fisher said linebacker Terrance Smith ( turf toe ) , linebacker Reggie Northrup ( ACL ) , safety Tyler Hunter and center Ryan Hoefield ( meniscus surgeries ) , and five-star first-year student defensive end Josh Sweat ( ACL , dislocated left knee ) are all set to participate in fall camp .
FSU 's 2015 football schedule
( games in bold will be played inside Doak Campbell Stadium )
Sept. 5 : vs. Texas State , 8 p.m. , ESPNews
Sept. 12 : vs. USF , 11:30 a.m. , ESPN
Sept. 18 : at Boston College ( Friday ) , 8 p.m. , ESPN
Sept. 26 : BYE
Oct. 3 : at Wake Forest , TIME TBA
Oct. 10 : vs. Miami , TIME TBA
Oct. 17 : vs. Louisville , TIME TBA
Oct. 24 : at Georgia Tech , TIME TBA
Oct. 31 : vs. Syracuse , TIME TBA
Nov. 7 : at Clemson , TIME TBA
Nov. 14 : vs. N.C. State , TIME TBA
Nov. 21 : vs. Tennessee-Chattanooga , TIME TBA
Nov. 28 : at Florida , TIME TBA
If you use an anonymity network such as Tor on a regular basis , you are probably familiar with various annoyances in your web browsing experience , ranging from pages saying “ Access denied ” to having to solve CAPTCHAs before continuing . Interestingly , these hurdles disappear if the same website is accessed without Tor . The growing trend of websites extending this kind of “ differential treatment ” to anonymous users undermines Tor 's overall utility , and adds a new dimension to the traditional threats to Tor ( attacks on user privacy , or governments blocking access to Tor ) . There is plenty of anecdotal evidence about Tor users experiencing difficulties in browsing the web , for example the user-reported catalog of services blocking Tor . However , we do n't have sufficient detail about the problem to answer deeper questions like : how prevalent is differential treatment of Tor on the web ; are there any centralized players with Tor-unfriendly policies that have a magnified effect on the browsing experience of Tor users ; can we identify patterns in where these Tor-unfriendly websites are hosted ( or located ) , and so forth .
Today we present our paper on this topic : “ Do You See What I See ? Differential Treatment of Anonymous Users ” at the Network and Distributed System Security Symposium ( NDSS ) . Together with researchers from the University of Cambridge , University College London , University of California , Berkeley and International Computer Science Institute ( Berkeley ) , we conducted comprehensive network measurements to shed light on websites that block Tor . At the network layer , we scanned the entire IPv4 address space on port 80 from Tor exit nodes . At the application layer , we fetch the homepage from the most popular 1,000 websites ( according to Alexa ) from all Tor exit nodes . We compare these measurements with a baseline from non-Tor control measurements , and uncover significant evidence of Tor blocking . We estimate that at least 1.3 million IP addresses that would otherwise allow a TCP handshake on port 80 blocks the handshake if it originates from a Tor exit node . We also show that at least 3.67 % of the most popular 1,000 websites block Tor users at the application layer .
We find that the websites that block Tor mostly belong to Autonomous Systems ( ASes ) corresponding to mobile and access ISPs , and hosting services . Some of these ASes perform wholesale blocking of Tor , that is all the IP addresses in the AS block Tor . We also wrote classifiers to map websites to their web hosting services . Our results bring out CloudFlare and Akamai as dominant Tor blockers , highlighting the amplified blocking effect such centralized web services may create when their Tor-unfriendly policy trickles down to thousands of their client websites . The figure below shows the top 20 websites by how many Tor nodes they block , from the Alexa top-1,000 list . Each row in this figure represents a website , and each column represents a Tor exit node ( of about 900 total ) . So a blue bar means that the website blocks a Tor exit node . Clearly , these websites ( mostly hosted by Akamai and Amazon Web Services ) block a large fraction of Tor exit nodes . We think that some of this blocking is caused by blacklists that include Tor exit nodes , yet other instances likely arise when abuse generated from Tor exit nodes trigger automated blocking mechanisms on websites .
Our work provides a first step towards addressing the problems faced by Tor users by characterizing websites that treat traffic from the Tor network differently from other sources . The next steps , as described by Tor developer Roger Dingledine , involve social activism to engage with major players on the web such as CloudFlare and get their perspective on this problem and discuss possible solutions . There is not much we can do in the case of entities such as ISPs and countries that preemptively block all Tor exit nodes as a matter of policy , beyond some alleviation in the form of awareness campaigns to highlight the problem ( such as , Tor 's “ Do n't Block Me ” initiative ) . With abuse-based blocking , we need solutions to enable precise filtering beyond IP address blocking of Tor exit nodes , so that benign Tor users do n't have to suffer from the abusive actions of other Tor users sharing the same exit node .
In a broader context , our work calls attention to a new kind of blocking that is mandated by publishers . In the classical censorship scenario , blocking takes place near the user , for example an intermediate device dropping a user 's request for a blacklisted website . In publisher side blocking , the user 's request arrives at the publisher , but the publisher ( or something working on its behalf ) refuses to respond based on some property of the user . Who else over the Internet besides Tor users is subject to publisher-side blocking ?
“ Do You See What I See ? Differential Treatment of Anonymous Users ” by Sheharbano Khattak , David Fifield , Sadia Afroz , Mobin Javed , Srikanth Sundaresan , Vern Paxson , Steven J. Murdoch , and Damon McCoy will be presented at the Network and Distributed System Security Symposium , San Diego , US , 21–24 February 2016 .
This post also appears on the University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory Security Group blog , Light Blue Touchpaper .
By now everyone is quite familiar with the deplorable reporting standards on NDTV . We have repeatedly exposed NDTV for their false and propaganda based news reports . NDTV 's anchor Nidhi Razdan too is a professional when it comes to lying .
Earlier , we had shown a video of Nidhi Razdan where they were caught off-guard while desperately tying to spin an argument , on their show Left , Right & Centre :
- Advertisement - - Article resumes -
On Tuesday night , Nidhi Razdan was once again spotted parrotting a lie . It was a debate in which the focus was a “ book ” written by noted abusive social media troll turned lying journalist Swati Chaturvedi . The book talked about how according to Chaturvedi , BJP was directing and coordinating attacks on other social media users and establishments .
At one point of time , the debate veered to the issue of the Boycott Snapdeal movement , and it was alleged by Nidhi Razdan , working in tandem with Chaturvedi , that this was a movement backed by the BJP or even the Government . Razdan , at this point , chose to read out a passage from the book written by Chaturvedi , which quoted Defence Minister Parrikar as saying :
“ ….people have shown their power . An actor made this mistake….some of our people are very smart , there was a team working on this , they were telling people you order and return .. ”
The focus was on the word “ our ” , as Nidhi Razdan used this word to argue that it was either Parrikar 's or BJP 's or the Government 's team which was running this movement .
This video of Parrikar 's speech had originally surfaced in July 2016 , and even then , a few media houses and journalists had used the words “ our ” team to create a furore . Even back then , we had written a detailed article with the original video and a transcript of the same , which showed that at no place in the video did Parrikar use the word “ our ” or any such synonym . They only stated that they were aware of a team working on this issue :
When this actor did this , the company for which they were advertising , was an online trading company . Many people broke relations with that their company . Many people quit from the lease , and some over smart people ordered goods and sent them back . There was a team , which I know , which was working on this . They were telling people you order and return it , this company should learn a lesson . That to pull out their advertisement .
Yet , Swati Chaturvedi , deliberately used a false quote in their book , Nidhi Razdan parroted the same , and then based a line of questioning exactly on this false quote . Firstly , can anyone trust a repeated liar like Swati Chaturvedi who has been called out multiple times with hard evidence ? Secondly is this the standard of journalism practised by NDTV and Nidhi Razdan where they use false quotes to run their TV show ?
It gets worse for Razdan , as in August itself , Barkha Dutt , Razdan 's senior , had clearly admitted on their show , that the defence minister never used the word “ our ” or “ my ” but referred to “ a ” team . We have pieced both the videos together :
Does this mean 2 of NDTV 's leading anchors have 2 different versions of the truth ? Is this in line with another NDTV anchor who once famously said : “ news is always subjective ” ? Or is it line with another top NDTV anchor who infamously sliced and diced an interview video , to present a picture which they wanted to ? Can anyone take NDTV seriously anymore ?
Share This Post and Support :
When news broke Thursday evening that the Leafs were close to finalizing a seven-year , $ 4.5M AAV extension with Nikita Zaitsev , I think the general reaction was one of shock . Zaitsev has been a key cog in a solid Leafs team , but no one would have predicted that he 'd be the recipient of a seven-year extension off the back of a single NHL season . But then , Zaitsev is n't in a typical situation . And their situation informs the context through which we must examine this deal .
To start , I should say this . I 'm incredibly wary of this deal . That wariness is almost exclusively due to the term , not the AAV . Any time you commit seven years to someone who is n't the among the very best at their position , it 's scary . That 's a long time for things to potentially go wrong , especially if the extension takes the player into the declining part of their career . For Zaitsev , if it 's signed , this extension will carry them through to their age 32 seasons . We should expect some decline in their play over that period ; it 's the severity of that decline that 's the question , and that will likely be the ultimate factor in whether this contract is a good one .
There 's been some literature that attempts quantifying the aging curve . A recent post at HockeyGraphs which measures performance by Wins Above Replacement ( WAR ) concludes that players peak early , but also do n't lose a large portion of their ability until their early 30s . To that end , on average , at age 32 , a player is typically 0.6 wins worse than their peak . For those unaware of the WAR stat , here 's a link to the methodology . The short version is that it 's an attempt to fully capture a players ' value and quantify it relative to a readily available replacement ( hence the ‘ Above Replacement ' name ) .
If we look at defensemen specifically , we can use this old CanucksArmy post as a guideline , which used the now-defunct War-on-Ice version of Goals Above Replacement ( GAR ) - conceptually , this is the same thing as the WAR stat I mentioned above . The only difference in the concept is in the units - goals versus wins . They found something similar - while defencemen do peak early , they 're not falling off the face of the earth as soon as they turn 28 . Age 32 seems to be the season where things really start to go bad , at least based on the chart below :
Based on the above charts and links , it 's clear that the Leafs should be expecting some decrease in Zaitsev 's play . While it 's always tricky to apply aging curves ( which are averages ) to individuals , what we 're seeing now is likely close to their peak , and he 's expected to experience notable drop-off throughout the life of their contract . There 's a lot of risk , as there is in any seven year deal .
But the Leafs are n't taking on this risk just for kicks . As alluded to , Zaitsev is in a unique situation . It 's been made relatively clear that they have interest in playing in two places : Toronto or Moscow . They only wanted to come to Toronto last year , and we 've seen no indication that he 's changed their mind . And as a star in the KHL , they would be in line to receive a fat contract there . As far as the NHL goes , they also would be a UFA after next season , so any long-term deal needs to buy significant amounts of their prime salary-earning years . As a result , they have leverage that a typical RFA does n't .
The retort to that claim is you either negotiate them down , or call their bluff and try and replace him . After all , it 's not worth making a bad deal just because you do n't have all the leverage . That 's how you end up trading Taylor Hall for Adam Larsson . My counter is : what options do the Leafs have ?
The fact of the matter is , Zaitsev came into a new league and was immediately asked to play top-pairing minutes on a team lacking a prototypical ‘ # 1 defenseman ' . He 's faced a disproportionate number of top lines , according to the below graphic from HockeyViz.com .
Are they cut out for that role ? No , probably not . But he 's fulfilled it relatively well , horrific on-ice save percentage aside . Against this competition , their score and venue adjusted CF % is 50.28 % . Include zone adjustments , and it moves up to 51.2 % , which is right in line with the team average ( per Corsica.hockey ) . And an obvious reminder - there is more to a player than CorsiRel . Zaitsev has also quarterbacked one of the league 's best power play units , played significant minutes shorthanded , and has the hidden value of not taking many penalties , especially for a defenseman . More obviously , they record 0.5 primary points per 60 minutes at 5v5 , which is on the border of top-pairing play for individual offense . To that end , Dawson Sprigings ' GAR stat ( used in the first aging curve linked in this piece ) , has Zaitsev ranked 41st among defensemen this season * . This is largely driven by the skills mentioned above - in particular their ability to not take penalties , and their even strength offense .
That 's not to say he 's perfect - their GAR overrates them a touch , in my opinion , but it says something that he 's in that class of player . As a ballpark , it shows that he 's almost certainly a guy who can excel on your second pairing , and play on your first in a pinch .
That has real value , especially to the Leafs . Since Zaitsev plays a position of weakness for the Leafs ( RD ) , and one that is scarce across the league , they end up being in a strong spot with negotiations , even omitting their unique background and the leverage it provides . If the Leafs balk at their demands , how do they fill their roster spot ?
Maybe they get Kevin Shattenkirk , they take Zaitsev 's spot for a few million more and the same amount of years , and the Leafs end up okay . If that does n't happen ... well , I hope you 're looking forward to the Karl Alzner era ? This is a shockingly weak free agent class , especially on defense . There is n't a potential free agent acquisition who 'd be a reasonable facsimile for what Zaitsev provides , Shattenkirk excepted .
So maybe Toronto pokes at the trade market ? Well , all we 've heard since last July is how teams refuse to trade defencemen for less than a king 's ransom now . Maybe they can swing a deal for one of Anaheim 's guys , or Jacob Trouba , or whoever . More likely , they ca n't , not without giving up significant resources , and likely a similar cap hit for that player .
The last option is going with a short-term placeholder , and rolling over the decision for a year . Maybe wait for a trade target to pop up , or a stronger free agent class . This is the typical response when you 're put in a place with less-than-stellar options . Know when to hold ‘ em and when to fold ‘ em , right ?
The problem is , this is n't poker . We do n't have a stack of chips that we can bleed dry while waiting for the perfect opportunity to strike . In fact , we have three resources that will all vanish in the next three seasons : Nylander , Marner , and Matthews on ELCs . Each of them is providing more than $ 5M in surplus value , and the Leafs ' best chance to win a Cup likely comes either next year or the year after , with either all three players or the latter two still not being paid what they 'd be worth in a free market . They ca n't afford to roll a year over and waste three of the most valuable non-McDavid contracts in the league . Their options were to sign Zaitsev or replace them for next year .
Zaitsev 's agent is no fool . If I can deduce that , so can he . And the result looks to be a contract that probably leans more towards what Zaitsev 's camp wants than what the Leafs ' camp wants . It 's a deal to be nervous about , for sure . But it 's not inexplicable , and it 's not necessarily an awful deal either . You just have to look at it in context .
India has the fourth largest area planted under genetically modified ( GM ) crops , according to the International Service for the Acquisition of Agri-Biotech Applications ( ISAAA ) .
Advertising
Farmers in India planted a total 11.6 million hectares ( mh ) under transgenics in 2014 , behind the corresponding areas for Argentina ( 24.3 mh ) , Brazil ( 42.2 mh ) and the US ( 73.1 mh ) . The GM crop acreage in India far surpassed China 's 3.9 mh , while equalling that of Canada 's 11.6 mh .
ISAAA , a New York-based crop biotech advocacy group , has estimated the total global area under GM crops to have touched 181.5 mh last year , up from 175.2 mh in 2013 .
Since 1996 , when farmers first commercially planted transgenics , the area under these crops has risen more than hundredfold from 1.7 mh to 181.5 mh . It represents the fastest ever adoption of any technology in agriculture , said Bhagirath Choudhary , Director at ISAAA 's South Asia Office .
Significantly , the entire 11.57 mh GM crop area in India last year consisted of Bt cotton . Nearly 96 per cent of the country 's cotton area is now covered by Bt hybrids . Bt technology has helped India to treble its cotton output from 13 million bales in 2002 ( when it was introduced ) to 40 million bales in 2014 .
“ Last year , we achieved a historical milestone , overtaking China as the world 's No . 1 producer , ” C D Mayee , a former director of the Central Institute for Cotton Research , Nagpur , who is currently on ISAAA 's board of directors , said .
While India 's GM crop acreage is wholly dominated by Bt cotton — much of it based on the US life sciences giant Monsanto 's proprietary “ Bollgard ” technology — this is not the case with other major countries .
For example , the US 's 73.1 mh GM crop area covered by maize ( 34.5 mh ) , soyabean ( 32.3 mh ) , cotton ( 4.3 mh ) , canola ( 685,000 hectares ) , sugar beet ( 479,000 hectares ) , and the rest by alfalfa , squash and papaya . Brazil 's 42.2 mh included 29.1 mh , 12.5 mh and 0.6 mh under soyabean , maize and cotton respectively .
China had only 3.9 mh of GM planted area last year — almost fully under Bt cotton . But its government has allowed commercial cultivation of seven other crops — papaya , maize , rice , poplar , tomato , sweet pepper and petunia .
Unlike India , where Monsanto enjoys a near monopoly , China 's GM crops have been developed largely by public sector research bodies such as the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences ( Bt cotton ) , Huazhong Agricultural University ( rice and tomato ) , Beijing University ( tomato and sweet pepper ) and Research Institute of Forestry ( poplar ) .
Moreover , China has sought to actively promote public-private-partnerships ( PPP ) in GM crop technology . For example , CAAS has licenced its internally developed Bt gene and transgenic phytase maize ( which boosts phosphorous absorption by pigs , leading to faster animal growth and higher meat yields ) technologies to Origin Agritech , a Beijing-based and US NASDAQ-listed seed company .
Advertising
“ We need to extend GM technology to more crops , and also encourage PPPs , so that our farmers benefit from competition and faster commercialisation , ” Choudhary said . They pointed to the granting of the rights for commercialisation of a Bt chickpea developed by the Assam Agriculture University to Sungro Seeds and that of the Indian Agricultural Research Institute 's Bt brinjal to Bejo Sheetal and Ankur Seeds as models for the future . “ Now that the Maharashtra government has taken the lead in allowing open field trials of five new GM crops , we hope to see more farmers adopting this technology in the coming years ” , Mayee added .
The whole reason we went to Europe in the first place was to be at the wedding of two amazing people : my brother-in-law , Jesse , and their beautiful wife , Maggie . I had never experienced a wedding in another culture , and I was excited to see the traditions that would set their wedding apart .
The wedding was held at Maggie 's family farm . The farm was absolutely stunning ; it 's more than 600 years old ( first mentioned in an official document in 1382 ) . It stands surrounded by hills of lush grains ; the location was idyllic . The family renovated the farmhouse especially for the wedding reception and it was immaculate . Their renovations made the old building look fresh , but somehow its primitive elegance remained firmly intact . The aged floors shone like they were new , and fresh paint left the old building crisp and clean .
The wedding ceremony was perfect in its simplicity . A plain white tent provided shade for the ceremony and white ribbons tied at the end of each aisle caught the breeze . The ceremony was spoken in both English and German . The bride and groom actually sit during most of the ceremony . It is important that the bride sits to the right of the groom—this symbolizes the groom 's protection over them The ceremony was eloquent , touching , and at times mesmerizing listening to vows given in a foreign tongue .
Just like in the United States , the festivities picked up after the bride and groom said , “ I do ” . The traditional Bavarian band had already downed plenty of beer before they started to play . They were decked out in their lederhosen and as the guests drank their share of beer and Prosecco it was easy to sway along with the unfamiliar tune .
The men did a fabulous job of not complaining about being hot in the 90 degree weather ; it 's an European tradition that none of the guys can take off their jackets until the groom does . When Jesse 's jacket came off , all of the other jackets were off within seconds . It was really fun to watch Jesse and Maggie Baustamm sägen or in simpler terms : cut a log with a two-person saw . This fun tradition is representative of the two working together , and their ability to solve problems that will arise throughout their life .
As the day turned to dusk the beautiful classic dancing began . The kind of dancing that I 've only ever seen on TV . The kind of dancing I read about in Pride and Prejudice . Everyone moved with elegance , grace , and perfect posture . I happen to possess none of these things , so I stood to the side and watched . They seemed to float as their light steps careened them across the floor . How did they do this with so much beer in them you ask ?
I do n't know .
I have been to a lot of weddings—usually the ceremony and the reception combined lasts about six hours tops . Not so in Germany . The wedding began at two in the afternoon and Jesse and Maggie did n't leave until two in the morning . Maggie 's family did n't leave until six in the morning . Fellowship : eating , drinking , talking , and dancing are an integral part of the wedding celebration—and it is done well . Very well .
As the night drew into the next morning everyone stood around with sparklers to see the couple off . It was a bittersweet moment , as it always is . A moment that is representative of new beginnings and the turning of a page . Mothers , fathers , brothers , sisters , and friends all feeling sentimental stand in rows and hope for a glance or even a hug as the couple walks down the pathway leading to their future . That is one of the things about a wedding that is always the same . At that little farm we all felt the love of the married couple and the bitter edge of the changes that it would bring . At the end of the night , we were not separated by traditions , culture , or language barriers , rather we were brought together in our hopes for the happy couple .
To Jesse and Maggie !
Prost !
A very heartfelt “ thank you ! ” to Bella Porta Photography for allowing us to use several of their photos from the wedding . Be sure to check out some of their work , and give them a like on Facebook !
Jimi Hendrix is to be played by OutKast 's André 3000 in a new biopic . Despite a prior dispute with the guitarist 's estate , the movie will reportedly begin shooting in Ireland later this month .
To the surprise of many industry observers , All Is By My Side is currently in pre-production , the Irish Film and Television Network reports . André 3000 will spend six weeks at locations in Bray , Dun Laoghaire and Dublin , including the historic John Player Cigarette Factory . The film is to be directed by Three Kings writer John Ridley , who also wrote the screenplay , and deals with Hendrix 's breakthrough in 1966 , when they were discovered in a New York club by Linda Keith , then girlfriend of Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards .
Several studios have tried to make Hendrix-related films over the last few years , including a failed project by Paul Greengrass . The Hendrix estate blocked all of these , refusing to license the late musician 's songs . Either now they have had a change of heart , or Ridley 's film is n't going to use any Hendrix songs .
`` Everybody wants to do the movie , but there are so many things that go into a biopic , '' André told MTV in 2008 . `` It 's kinda like , until you are on set doing it you ca n't say what 's going on . ''
André 3000 , real name André Benjamin , has appeared in a handful of films , including Guy Ritchie 's Revolver and the 2006 OutKast musical Idlewild . Earlier this year , the rapper claimed to be working on their first solo album .
By now , there have already been numerous reports and articles on what happened in Dover on Saturday . A stinking cocktail of failing and ever-shrinking groupsicles from Britain 's far-right decided to return to Dover for another attempt to ‘ send the refugees and migrants back ' and to show their ‘ support ' for truckers . Kent Anti-Racist Network , along with support from the national Anti-Fascist Network , organised a mobilisation of our own to send a direct message to these fascist leftovers that their bigotry , single-minded hate and oppressive politics have no place anywhere .
BRISTOL ANTIFASCISTS answered the call-out to resist the fascists at the White Cliffs and organised our largest group of militant antifascists to date . Together we joined the AFN and resisted the fascists alongside comrades from all parts of the country . Despite their best efforts , and a constant barrage of posturing propaganda , their numbers have shrunk since the last mobilisation and there was a striking lack of unity between different far-right groups . The infighting observed on Saturday goes to show they have n't learned how to play nicely together .
It was evident to us that the police had no interest whatsoever in dealing with the vile boneheads or their openly racist chanting and Nazi saluting . We saw many of them complaining bitterly and whinging to the cops , demanding shamelessly that they take action against us . Fascists have a long history of grassing , and this is just another example of how they are enemies of our class .
Despite their chest-beating and delusions of grandeur , it was clear to everyone that the fascists got the worst of Saturday 's confrontations . And it would have been a lot worse for them , too , if the numerous coaches of antifascists stopped by cops had made it to the demo . The fascist scum nursing sore heads , injuries and broken teeth this week should think seriously about not coming next time . The bravery , solidarity and effective direct action of the antifascists in Dover was impressive and we are very proud to be a part of it .
Everything we saw in Dover strengthens our resolve and determination to fight fascism with everything we have , and to each time smash them harder . We can not allow sieg heiling Nazi scum any space , and we will not sit and watch their racist , hateful attacks on refugees and migrants . Now is the time to get involved , get active and get organised to beat them off the streets .
Meanwhile , back in the West Country… The far-right 's own fancy dress outfit the NEW BRITISH UNION decided to arrange a “ mass ” gathering of their own in Bristol . Presumably they were hoping Saturday would be a good opportunity to meet in an unguarded city . Unluckily for all forty five… wait , sorry , I actually meant to say five , of these reenactment enthusiasts , antifascists and groups including comrades from the BRISTOL ANARCHIST FEDERATION and CLASS WAR chose to explain a few matters to them about what happens when the far-right choose to mobilise in Bristol . When approached , the NBU tried unsuccessfully to Jedi mind trick their way out of confrontation of any kind by stating timidly that they were not the fascists that everyone was looking for , even after our comrades pulled out pictures of this joker 's faces from the NBU 's own photo shoots . They sought refuge in the Cathedral before being asked to leave there too , doh !
After making quick their escape from this apparent case of mistaken identity , the vast and enormous numbers of the NBU managed to get a triumphant picture of themselves with their vintage flag outside the Will 's memorial building at the University of Bristol before getting the hell out . They say there will be a video and more photos soon , we 're looking forward to seeing that ! Master race ? You 're 'avin a laugh ! Jokers !
Manchester United face Ajax in the Europa League final in Sweden on May 24
The game will put football 's biggest spenders against a team famed for frugality
Ajax have signed Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Luis Suarez and sold them for big profit
Ajax spent less on 10 biggest transfers than Paul Pogba 's world-record £89m fee
When Manchester United meet Ajax at the Friends Arena in Stockholm on May 24 , few will realise the scale of difference between two sides once considered juggernauts of European football .
With Dutch football falling well behind the Premier League in what is now a global game , Ajax are financial minnows compared to moneybags Manchester United and nowhere is that summed up better than their respective transfer budgets .
ADVERTISEMENT
As revealed by Sportsmail 's Nick Harris , Manchester United have spent £455million on transfer fees in the last three years , which is significantly more than Ajax have spent since World War II .
Ajax reached the Europa League final by knocking out French club Lyon in the semi-finals
Manchester United scraped past Celta Vigo by the skin of their teeth on Thursday evening
AJAX TOP 10 SIGNINGS 1 . Miralem Sulejmani - £13.7m 2 . Klaas-Jan Huntelaar - £7.6m 3 . Zlatan Ibrahimovic - £7.3m 4 . Nikos Machlas - £7.3m 5 . Michael Laudrup - £6.3m 6 . Luis Suarez - £6.3m 7 . Ferdi Vierklau - £6.2m 8 . Daley Sinkgraven - £5.9m 9 . Georgi Kinkladze - £5.7m 10 . Darío Cvitanich - £5.5m Total : £72.10m Accounting for inflation : £87.7m Paul Pogba to Man United : £89m
In comparison , the Dutch outfit have spent a total of £379m ( adjusted for inflation ) over the last 70 years with their record signing Miralem Sulejmani coming in at a modest £13.7m , a figure Manchester United have surpassed on 33 separate occasions .
More incredibly , tallying up Ajax 's 10 biggest signings , which include household names like Luis Suarez and Zlatan Ibrahimovic before they were truly famous , comes in at £87.7m when adjusted for inflation .
As Manchester United fans will instantly recognise , that is slightly less than the £89m their club paid to sign Paul Pogba from Juventus last summer .
Impressively , Ajax have sold nine players for more than the price of Sulejmani including Daley Blind 's 2014 move to Old Trafford .
Manchester United did , of course , sign Ibrahimovic for free , but the £367,640 a week they pay the Swede means the financials of that deal are well beyond the £7.3m Ajax paid for them in 2001 .
Midfielder Paul Pogba cost more than Ajax 's 10 biggest transfer deals in their entire history
Ajax signed a young Zlatan Ibrahimovic from Malmo and sold them to Juventus for a big profit
Ajax , who are still revered for their 'Total Football ' approach and prolific academy production line , remain one of Europe 's most decorated clubs with four European Cup/Champions League titles to their name .
That is one more than Manchester United have managed although the Red Devils have lifted the famous trophy twice since Ajax last achieved the feat in 1995 .
Regardless , the sheer difference in financial clout raises questions as to how and why Manchester United are not competing at a higher level . They pay the biggest fees and wages yet find themselves in sixth place in the Premier League and in Europe 's second tier competition .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ajax , meanwhile , can still win the Eredivisie as they go into the final game of the season with leaders Feyenoord just one point ahead , all while spending a mere fraction of the money .
Ajax has four European Cup/Champions League titles in their history , more than United
Share . Yesterday , the song that birthed the Halo theme . Yesterday , the song that birthed the Halo theme .
Halo 's theme is built upon gothic monk chants and orchestral swells , but its inspiration has roots in an unlikely source .
During an interview on IGN Unfiltered airing later this week , Halo composer Marty O'Donnell shared the origins of the Halo theme and how The Beatles were partially responsible for its inception .
Around the time of MacWorld 1999 , O'Donnell remembers the development team at Bungie creating a demo to be shared onstage . Despite the rapid progress they made , the demo still lacked the music it would need to help make a good impression .
Exit Theatre Mode
Sensing the urgency , O'Donnell offered to create a theme for the demo , making a deal allowing them to retain the rights to the composition and license its use for an estimated $ 3,500 .
According to O'Donnell , they were given the direction to make the theme feel “ ancient , mysterious , and epic. ” While driving to their co-writer 's home studio , O'Donnell remembers brainstorming .
“ [ A ] s I was driving , I thought ‘ Okay , ancient ... you know , monks are ancient , so I 'm going to start with some sort of monk chant , and it 's got to be hook-y , it 's got to stick in people 's heads and then we 'll go on to something sort of epic and pounding ; cellos and drums , and stuff . ' ”
It was n't until they began singing The Beatles ' song ‘ Yesterday ' that the theme started to take form .
`` I 've always analyzed [ Yesterday 's ] melody ; it 's got one high point , it 's got one low point , it 's got four sorts of irregular phrases , ” they said .
“ So , [ the Halo theme is ] ... not a copy of the Yesterday melody , but the Yesterday melody inspired me to put that together , because I thought , 'Well , if I have one high point , one low point , to four irregular phrases but still do a legitimate monk chant melody ... it may be able to have legs . ' ''
The song eventually became a fully-worked composition , with the monk chants being performed by three jingle singers , O'Donnell , and their co-writer Michael Salvatori .
Exit Theatre Mode
While discussing the origins for the theme , O'Donnell affectionately recalls the car being one of their brainstorming sanctuaries .
“ The majority of the stuff I 've written – that people like – pretty much , I 'm sitting at the keyboard , ” they say . “ But , it 's funny to me that the two most memorable or successful individual melodies I wrote in the car . ''
For more on Halo , Bungie , and O'Donnell 's career , check out the latest episode of IGN Unfiltered , airing later this week . And do n't miss our month-long coverage of O'Donnell 's new game , Golem .
Cassidee is a freelance writer and the co-host of a freelancing podcast and a geek culture podcast . You can chat with them about comics , video games , and Corgis on Twitter .
'Herro nice Duke Peopre ! ! ' : Fraternity 's Asian-themed party featuring kimonos and sumo-wrestling outfits ignites outrage on campus
A Duke fraternity 's Asian-themed party featuring kimonos , conical hats and sumo-wrestling outfits has ignited outrage on campus , prompting hundreds of students to organize a protest rally Wednesday .
The controversial party was held by the Kappa Sigma fraternity on Friday . Invitations to the event went out via email on January 29 .
'Herro Nice Duke Peopre ! ! ' the email invitations began . 'We are proud to announce the return of Kappa Sigma Asia Prime , this Friday ! We look forward to having Mi , Yu , You , and Yo Friends ... over for some Sake . '
Members of the Asian Students Association at Duke are incensed over a fraternity 's decision to throw a themed party replete with offensive Asian stereotypes and they posted these flyers around campus to raise awareness
The controversial party was held by the Kappa Sigma fraternity on Friday . Invitations to the event went out via email on January 29
The email was signed , 'Chank You , The Brothers of Kappa Sigma . '
The Asian Students Association is organizing the rally and more than 700 students have signed up to participate . The association is also holding an 'open discussion ' on the issue with Duke 's student government on Thursday .
The party was reported to university officials before it was held , which prompted the fraternity to change the name of the gathering to 'International Relations . '
A second invitation was sent out following the change that said : 'The Brothers of Kappa Sigma regret to inform you that our forebrothers ' secrets of the far east have not survived the move back onto campus . Without them , Asia Prime can not go on and must be cancelled . Instead , Kappa Sigma presents : International Relations . A celebration of all cultures and the diversity of Duke . '
This is the email invitation to the party that was sent out by Kappa Sigma , a fraternity at Duke . The email was made into a flyer and posted around campus by the Asian Student Association
But pictures obtained and posted on Facebook by senior Ashley Tsai , Tong Xiang and Ting-Ting Zhou reveal that the party went on as planned , regardless .
'This is not just about Asians , one party or one frat , ' Tsai told the Houston Chronicle . 'This is a consistent thing happening . We want serious things to be done by the student body and the University so that this never happens again . '
The pictures , which show students at a party dressed in kimonos , conical hats and sumo-wrestling suits , prompted a heated debate on Facebook .
In defense of the fraternity party , Michelle Bard wrote , 'It 's called having a sense of humor . You guys should get to know this group of people before spending hours trying to trash their reputations . '
In response , Zachary Glanz wrote , 'This party had nothing to do with a sense of humor . It had to do with a sense of hatred and ignorance . '
Added Abbey Bucher Ness : ' I hope that people who claim to have a `` sense of humor '' will one day realize that a sense of humor grounded in the debasing of other people is wrong . '
The protest rally was announced on a Facebook page . It was scheduled for 1 p.m. on Duke 's campus
A bulletin board in the West Union Building was filled by the words 'HOW DARE YOU KSIG ' cut from newsprint
On another Facebook page announcing the rally , which was scheduled for 1 p.m. on Duke 's campus , a group called the Asian American Alliance writes , 'The events of the past week have deeply hurt students in our community ... Duke is on stage today . The world is watching , and the media will scrutinize our every word looking for the story they want .
'Duke : This is our opportunity to come together and redefine our identity . '
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Spain 's first naked restaurant will employ staff to serve up an “ aphrodisiac menu ” off their bodies .
Innato opened to the public in Tenerife this week , offering diners to eat some gourmet libido-boosting food while completely in the buff .
Owner Tony de Leonardis said the restaurant was inspired by pop-up nude eatery The Bunyadi , which came to London last summer .
The restaurant booked every one of its 46,000 places within weeks - and had a waiting list of of thousansds .
At Innato things will be a little more racy than its British counterpart as staff will strip-off and display the culinary delights on their bodies - with just vine leaves or cloths to keep their modesty .
( Image : Facebook )
( Image : Facebook )
Diners will be asked to check in their phones at the door before they are led to a changing room to get into nothing but a bathrobe .
They are then taken to their table where they can dine in the buff , separated from other diners by bamboo partitions
A popular menu item is the “ Happy Ending ” – a dessert of drizzled melted chocolate and strawberries served on a naked model .
( Image : Facebook )
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The Bunyadi was the latest idea from Lollipop , the people behind the Breaking Bad-inspired cocktail bar ABQ .
Lollipop founder Seb Lyall said before it opened in June 2016 : `` We believe people should get the chance to enjoy and experience a night out without any impurities : no chemicals , no artificial colours , no electricity , no gas , no phone and even no clothes if they wish to .
( Image : Facebook )
`` The idea is to experience true liberation . ”
`` We have worked very hard to design a space where everything patrons interact with is bare and naked , '' Seb continued .
`` The use of natural bamboo partitions and candlelight has enabled to us to make the restaurant discreet . ''
Sometimes we get so caught up streaming the next big show , we forget just how far the medium has come in such a short amount of time . In 2017 , it 's the norm for streaming services such as Netflix , Amazon Prime Video , and even Crackle to get an Emmy nod . However , half a decade ago , the thought of Silicon Valley giving Hollywood a run for its money across the critical and commercial landscapes was absurd . The last five years have brought about a streaming and television revolution , and that revolution is all thanks to Netflix .
Half a decade ago today , Netflix unveiled its first Netflix-branded original series , Lilyhammer . That first drama was distributed in partnership with the Norwegian channel NRK1 , and since its premiere , Netflix has dominated the television landscape , practically doubling its volume of original content each year . Five years from that first series in 2012 , Netflix now has 222 original shows , movies , and specials with far more in the works .
So how did we get to this point ? How did it become a common trend for A-list celebrities to take selfies with children from an internet show ? How did a company that once proposed a $ 50 million acquisition by Blockbuster come to be nominated for 720 awards ? How did Reed Hastings ‘ DVD delivery service blossom into becoming a driving force for pop culture ? I certainly ca n't answer all of those questions , but looking at the evolution of Netflix Originals over the past five years certainly offers a gateway into how the company and television as a whole has evolved .
IT ALL STARTED WITH LILYHAMMER
House of Cards is often thought of as Netflix 's first original series , and for good reason . The Kevin Spacey-led drama was the first original series Netflix ordered , way back in March 2011 . In late 2011 , Netflix ordered two more originals , a fourth season for the cult comedy Arrested Development and joint production deal and exclusive North American streaming rights for the Norwegian Lilyhammer . However , of those three , Lilyhammer was the first Netflix Original to make it to air , so to speak , on February 6 , 2012 . House of Cards would n't premiere until almost a year later — in February of 2013 .
The crime drama , which was hugely successful in Norway , was promoted as “ the first time Netflix offered exclusive content. ” The series lasted for three seasons , coming to an end on December 17 , 2014 . Though Lilyhammer is over for the foreseeable future , television as a whole has been permanently changed since the North American premiere of the series starring Steven Van Zandt .
WHAT IS A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ?
Before I go any further , it 's important to define this strangely nebulous thing . Netflix has several branches of original programs . There are what I will call “ original ” Netflix Originals like House of Cards , Stranger Things , and Orange Is the New Black — shows and movies that were created specifically by and for Netflix . There are also Netflix continuations , which means that though a show was n't originally created by Netflix , the streaming service has picked up the show for additional seasons . Though Arrested Development Season 4 is a Netflix Original , Arrested Development was originally a Fox show.This is where things get a bit tricky . The streaming service has also commissioned several series in partnership with a broadcaster from another country , a category that Lilyhammer falls into . Then there 's the fourth category of Netflix Originals : shows and movies Netflix has acquired exclusive international television rights to stream . Though these are branded as Netflix Originals , Netflix really only has the distribution rights to these shows in various countries . That 's how Better Call Saul — an AMC show — can be called a Netflix Original in France . For the purposes of this article , I will be not be counting these international distribution deals as Netflix Originals .
THE BEGINNING OF AN EXPLOSION
Netflix , which up to this point had relied exclusively on contracts with networks and studios , ended 2012 with four original programs : a foreign drama series ( Lilyhammer ) , a standup special ( Bill Burr : You People Are All the Same ) , and two documentaries ( Art of Conflict : Murals of Northern Ireland and The Zen of Bennett ) . That number more than tripled in 2013 when Netflix ended the year with 13 new originals — seven series and six movies . Exactly five years after Lilyhammer ‘ s premiere , the streaming service would go on to have a total of 222 original shows , movies , and specials to its name , as well as dozens more that are planned for the future , many studded with top celebrity names .
Since its first premiere in 2012 , Netflix has roughly doubled its amount of new original content each year . In 2014 , the streaming service released 23 new originals — seven series and 16 movies / specials — which was almost double 2013 's number of 23 new originals . That number grew to an impressive 53 new originals in 2015 ( 28 new series and 25 new movies / specials ) . However , the biggest leap was indisputably last year . In 2016 , Netflix released a total of 112 new original titles — 55 new series and 57 new movies / specials .
This impressive number does n't include the 21 shows Netflix to which has given a combined 37 additional seasons . Clearly , Netflix has a lot of content . However , all of that content did n't appear overnight .
STAND-UP AND DOCUMENTARIES – THE BUILDING BLOCKS OF NETFLIX 'S SUCCESS
Though Netflix is primarily known for its contributions to television , it 's hard to ignore its early dedication to securing overlooked documentaries and brand new stand-up specials from comedians . After all , three of Netflix 's first four originals from that first year fell into these categories . More than any other category , the amount of Netflix-exclusive standup specials has drastically increased from year to year . As mentioned before , Netflix started 2012 with only one stand-up special . By 2015 , that number had grown to 12 , and in 2016 , Netflix released 25 new and exclusive specials . Though we 're barely two months into 2017 , Netflix has either already released or announced 15 additional specials for the year .
Netflix 's documentary growth has increased in a similar fashion , growing from two documentaries in 2012 to a total of 39 currently available documentaries and docu-series five years later . Netflix 's early and pointed success in these two areas highlights how streaming has transformed mainstream entertainment .
Before , standup specials and documentaries were more considered more specialty entertainment . Sure , Comedy Central routinely featured shows from big name comics and Showtime and HBO established early on that they were places for stand-up , but many of these specials were appointment viewing and were often missed by casual viewers . By padding its library with comedy specials , Netflix made the world of comedy far more accessible to the average audience . Likewise , documentaries , which were often an exclusive and often unprofitable branch of film , could escape the confines of their festivals and reach larger audiences . Documentaries such as HBO 's The Jinx and Netflix 's Making a Murderer could not have achieved the pop culture-defining success they did without streaming . Netflix 's early focus on these two building blocks indicated something the company has alway been good at — identifying under-the-radar gems and making them profitable .
THE FORGOTTEN LEG OF NETFLIX – ITS CHILDREN 'S SHOWS
There 's one branch of Netflix 's original programming that does n't get enough attention : its children 's shows . Out of the 222 originals Netflix has released in the past five years , 34 of those series and specials have been children and family focused . That number jumps to 38 if you count Fuller House , One Day at a Time , Degrassi : Next Class , and A Series of Unfortunate Events in that category . And that 's not all . The streaming service has announced an additional 15 kids shows for the rest of 2017 .
This is n't an argument for or against the quality of Netflix 's children 's programming . However , it is an interesting detail that you will likely never watch roughly 17 percent of Netflix 's original content if you do n't have a child . It 's this willingness to build out content for every audience imaginable that has defined the company over the years .
THE CRITICAL DARLINGS OF NETFLIX — ITS AWARD-WINNING COMEDIES AND DRAMAS
Despite Netflix 's commitment to adding other types of content to its library , the term “ Netflix Originals ” is still primarily associated with the company 's comedies and dramas . After all , House of Cards was the first online-only TV series to receive major Emmy nominations . There 's a lot to say about this branch of Netflix Originals — how Netflix has threatened cable networks , the benefits and costs of creating mainstream shows alongside auteur projects , and how the streaming service has muddied the lines between genres and ratings even further . However , the much more interesting story is how these two genres have grown together on Netflix .
By 2013 , Netflix had three originals that could be classified as dramas and three that could be classified as comedies . Five years after its first original series , Netflix now has a total of 31 original dramas and 27 original comedies — only four more dramas than comedies . The company 's first two years as a production entity , 2012 to 2014 , saw the company making strategic moves . These were the years Lilyhammer , the most popular series in Norway , was acquired and House of Cards , Arrested Development Season 4 , Orange Is the New Black , and BoJack Horseman premiered . There were duds in those early days but not many . Netflix 's take on horror , Hemlock Grove , was critically lambasted , and the wildly expensive Marco Polo proved to be one of the company 's early missteps . However , most of the shows launched during this time cemented Netflix 's reputation as a provider of prestige television . It was n't until 2015 and 2016 that Netflix started taking more risks .
In 2015 , Netflix took several surprising swings but had few misses . This was the year that marked the premieres of Bloodline , Narcos , Sense8 , Grace and Frankie , Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt , Wet Hot American Summer : First Day of Camp , and W/ Bob and David . Some of these shows — like Bloodline and Narcos — were destined to be hits , but some shows , specifically its comedies during this time , tended to be a bit atypical . This was also the year Netflix unveiled its first Marvel shows , Daredevil and Jessica Jones .
2016 is when things got really interesting for the streaming service . Last year , Netflix took more gambles than ever before , seemingly comfortable in its ability to microtarget its consumers . Sure , there were beloved hits like Stranger Things , The Crown , Luke Cage , and Black Mirror , but this was also the year of The OA , Lady Dynamite , Fuller House , and Gilmore Girls : A Year in the Life — some of the most divisive shows Netflix has ever released .
THE COST OF REVOLUTIONIZING TELEVISION
Of course , all of these originals do n't come without a price tag . Netflix has spent a shocking amount on original content from year to year , and that number will likely only go up . Back in 2013 , Variety reported that the company was spending an estimated $ 2.4 billion on programming altogether . That number increased to $ 3.2 billion in 2014 with $ 243 million devoted to Netflix Originals . In 2015 , the amount Netflix spent on original programming almost doubled , hitting $ 450 million in 2015 according to the New York Times . That number more than quadrupled last year , aligning with the drastic spike in Netflix 's original content . According to The Verge , the streaming service spent roughly $ 5 billion on programming in 2016 . How much of that impressive budget went to Netflix Originals ? According to Tech Times , that number is a whooping $ 2.5 billion , or half of Netflix 's budget . Accounting for Netflix 's plans to increase its number of original programs and its much-discussed $ 6 billion programming budget for 2017 , we can reasonably expect Netflix to spend more this year than ever before .
LOOKING AHEAD TO 2017
Though Netflix Originals have been around for five years now , it 's only February . We still have a lot of time left in 2017 , and Netflix is seemingly prepared to deliver us more content than ever before . Of the 104 shows , movies , and specials Netflix has publicly announced for 2017 , only 17 have premiered so far . Add in the unknown amount of surprise originals Netflix is sure to throw in throughout the course of the year , and Netflix will very easily pass its 2016 record of 112 new originals released during one calendar year .
I think as Netflix moves forward , we can expect the company to continue to act as it did last year , taking more risks and falling back on its tentpole series and specials as it crafts more specialty programming . So if you 're ever wondering if television really has grown as quickly as everyone says , the answer is yes . And it 's all thanks to one company and one Norwegian drama . Happy birthday , Lilyhammer . It 's been a whirlwind five years .
Stream ‘ Lilyhammer ' on Netflix
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEE 'S SUMMIT , Mo . -- Students at Lee 's Summit North High School were dismissed early Friday after a teenage girl took their own life .
The school was placed on lockdown after students heard a single gun shot coming from an area on the second floor . The district then decided to release students early . Everyone was out of the school in less than 30 minutes .
The school district issued the following statement shortly before students were dismissed :
`` Due to a situation at Lee 's Summit North High School , we will be dismissing school at ONLY Lee 's Summit North at 9:15 a.m . Families of Lee 's Summit North High School students are being notified of this cancellation . Our students and our staff members are safe . Buses will be picking up students and taking them home . Student drivers are able to leave at 9:15 a.m. Parents wishing to pick up their children at LSNHS should go to the east side of school at the events lobby side . ''
Fox 4 spoke with Sgt . Chris Depue with the Lee 's Summit Police Department as students were being released from the high school .
`` We do have a loss of life today , '' they said . `` What we do want to stress though is lockdown protocols and just what an amazing job the district did at making sure that other students were staff are safe as well during this incident . If there was an unknown intention obviously if a gunshot is heard in the hallway or some type of commotion . So , the district did an amazing job and made our job easier to get emergency crews in there to quickly get to that victim . ''
Fox 4 has since learned that shortly after the teenage girl arrived at the hospital , they died .
“ I think we had a concern here too that we got to make sure other kids are safe , parents are safe . As parents we put our kids in the hands of the school administration every day and we trust they 'll make good decisions and in this case , brilliant decisions , quick reaction ... we wanted to make sure the parents knew that their kids were okay , ” Sgt . Depue said .
`` As you can imagine in this day of social media , information travels so quickly that we 're trying to always stay ahead of that to make sure the right information is there and the students who need that help , that may have known that student or were close to that student are right there with us . We 've got our hands on them , ” they said .
Sgt . Depue said the school district is making calls to bring in counselors . They also added that 90 percent of Lee 's Summit police officers are trained in crisis intervention . After school was released students went to a nearby church to pray for the teenage girl and their community .
Due to this tragic situation , the school decided to postpone their game Friday against Blue Springs . The game will now be played Saturday , Sept. 30 at 2 p.m .
`` It 's really sad because they just do n't know what they have to live for , and that 's sad that a lot of people are in that situation too , '' Lee 's Summit North student Maguire Donigan told Fox 4 . `` It 's even sadder to know that they do n't know that they can keep going and that things can get better . ''
Fox 4 has a crew on the scene and will be providing updates as they become available .
Lee 's Summit School District superintendent Dr. Dennis L. Carpenter will deliver a prepared statement at 2 p.m. Friday . Fox 4 plans to stream that live in the video player below ( you may see other news reports air until that time ) and on our Facebook page . If you choose to watch on Facebook , be sure you are watching through the Facebook app or on a computer .
If you are having suicidal thoughts , we urge you to get help immediately .
Go to a hospital , call 911 or call the National Suicide Hotline at 1-800-SUICIDE ( 1-800-784-2433 ) .
Click on the boxes below for our FOX 4 You Matter reports and other helpful phone numbers and resources .
by Sunny Hundal
You may have heard about or noticed protestors outside Vodafone stores ( across the country ) asking for them to pay their £6bn tax bill .
So what 's going on , you may ask . Here is a simple Q & A for people who do n't know the whole story or are unsure what this is all about .
Where does the £6 billion figure come from ?
The story first originated in the current affairs magazine Private Eye ( 1273 , 3-16 Sept , 2010 ) and then spread to other outlets . Read the story here .
The issue started when Vodafone bought the German engineering company Mannesmann a decade ago for €180bn , using an offshore company in Luxembourg . Private Eye says :
An epic legal battle began , with Vodafone resisting the taxman 's efforts to get all the information on the deal and arguing through the courts that the British laws striking out the tax benefits of its deal were neutered by European law which granted , Vodafone claimed , the freedom to establish anywhere in the EU ( including its dodgiest tax havens ) without facing a tax bill .
The battle continued until last year when the HM Revenue & Customs ' ( HMRC ) head Dave Hartnett , known to be “ friendly ” to big multinationals , moved the case to a department more willing to cut a deal .
The fruits of these talks , conducted without consulting HMRC 's litigators and specialists in the tax law concerned on the chance of success in the courts , was a bill for Vodafone of £800m , with another £450m payable over five years and , remarkably , an agreement that the arrangement can carry on into the future with a promise of no challenge from HMRC . The Eye understands that the settlement also swept up several other Vodafone tax avoidance schemes .
The amount of money forgone is estimated to be £6 billion .
Vodafone owe money not just to the UK taxpayer but also in India , where a court rejected their appeal ( reg . reqd . ) and asked them to pay $ 2 billion in tax for buying an Indian company . The charity Action Aid says that money could feed lots of starving people in India .
But the HMRC said it was an ‘ urban myth ‘ ?
One former Revenue & Customs official familiar with the case told Private Eye it was an “ unbelievable cave-in ” .
As ThisisMoney.co.uk explains , the man who negotiated on behalf of Vodafone for its tax settlement – John Connors – had worked at HMRC until April 2007 . When Vodafone hired him , they simply moved to the other side of the negotiating table on this matter .
As Richard Murphy said at the Guardian , days after it was announced , Osborne was promoting Vodafone in India – a visit that must have been agreed before the tax announcement was made on 23 July .
Forbes magazine blog also says there is a lot that does n't sit right with the issue .
The settlement also signalled a “ more conciliatory approach ” at the HMRC , said the Financial Times in July , and coincided with Chancellor George Osborne 's pledge to make Britain “ open for business ” . Osborne said the rules , demanding multinationals are more transparent about their tax structures , added too much red tape .
The watered down deal allows the HMRC to claim ‘ success ' at wringing something out of Vodafone at least . No wonder they want to dismiss this as an ‘ urban myth ' .
Why just target Vodafone ?
£6bn is 85 % of the £7bn the Chancellor has cut from the Welfare bill per year to plug the deficit . If we are “ all in this together ” , then why is n't the Chancellor asking companies who operate here to pay their fair share of tax if the deficit needs to be plugged now ? Why hit the elderly , the disabled and the poor instead ?
Vodafone is the perfect example of a system that has become biased towards powerful corporations and against ordinary people .
Even the assistant editor of This is Money says , “ once more the Vodafone situation appears to show that there 's one rule for big business and one rule for the rest of us . ”
Who is behind the protests ?
There is n't one organisation or group behind the protests . Everyone involved has joined in through hearing about it on blogs , Facebook and Twitter .
The idea for the first protest on Wednesday 27th Oct came to activist Thom Costello . They are not affiliated with any political party or union .
What are your other positions on… ?
We all have different positions on lots of different things . But we do believe that corporate tax avoidance in the UK runs into tens of billions every year , and the government should seek to make corporations pay their taxes fairly rather than putting more strain on hard-working families and the most vulnerable in society .
How can I get involved ?
This is a decentalised protest and people can get involved simply by getting together with a bunch of people in their area and taking action .
Instructions and details of upcoming actions will be posted on the UKuncut blog , Twitter and Facebook accounts .
Are more protests planned ?
Yes , and you 'll have to keep an eye on those links above to find out when they will take place .
Updates to the article
Have specifically clarified that the £6bn figure is a one-off sum while the cuts to welfare are a yearly sum .
Video of teen 's beating raises question all parents should ask
Pops . Licks . Paddling . There are a lot of benign ways to describe what happens when a grown-up goes after a teenager with a belt , but the gloss was stripped away this week when a young woman posted on YouTube a video of their father , a judge , waling away at them with a belt when they were 16 years old .
What we saw was violence . The video went viral , but I had to wonder : Was it real moral outrage or only voyeurism that prompted viewing after viewing ? After all , half of Texans approve of corporal punishment as a behavior modification tool . And just this past spring , the Legislature almost killed a bill that would have let parents tell school districts they did n't want their kids spanked at school . Conservative lawmakers - going by the `` spare the rod , spoil the child '' model of parenting - defended school `` paddling '' until a Republican lawmaker convinced them that the bill was a statement in support of parental rights .
While acceptance of corporal punishment is declining , the U.S. Department of Education found more than 220,000 students nationwide were subjected to it in 2006 .
Texas beats them all
One of 19 states that still permits school corporal punishment , Texas has `` the dubious distinction of leading the nation … accounting for more than 49,000 cases '' verified in 2006 , according to psychology professor George Holden of Southern Methodist University . While many large districts - including HISD - forbid it , more than 1,000 others in Texas permit their schools ' staffs to manage behavior by dispensing pain .
Holden does n't want schools alone to `` spare the rod ; '' they think parents need to find alternatives , as well . Research , they say , shows corporal punishment wins `` compliant '' behavior for only a few minutes , but can leave long-lasting psychological scars . `` It 's a terrible way to get a message across , '' they say . `` The child is reacting to the pain and feeling emotional and angry . ''
Most parents believe there 's a huge spectrum that the term `` corporal punishment '' covers - a slight pop on the behind along with a mild admonishment is a far cry from the brutal , obscenity-laced beating that Hillary Adams endured at the hands of their father , Judge William Adams .
But the experts know this : Discipline often escalates beyond a well-meaning parent 's intentions . It 's the lucky parent who has n't felt rage at a teenager . As Holden says , `` We know that the majority of physical child abuses cases actually begin with a disciplinary encounter that then gets out of control . For that reason alone , it 's not a good idea to use corporal punishment . ''
What if you were taped ?
Holden is sympathetic to parenting 's challenges . But , they suggest , `` If you were being videotaped spanking your child , would your behavior be acceptable to you ? ''
Former Houston teacher Jimmy Dunne has devoted their retirement to a crusade against corporal punishment in Texas public schools . Inspired by witnessing the brutal paddling of an 11-year-old boy three decades ago , Dunne regularly testifies before the Legislature , armed with photos of the bruised buttocks of Texas schoolchildren who had been `` paddled . ''
They found the Aransas Pass video `` sickening , '' but welcomes the national conversation it will prompt . `` I wish someone should ask Governor Perry in one of these debates why we allow this in our schools , '' Dunne said .
A good question : If we all find the blows delivered in the video so disgusting , why do we allow any version of them inflicted on our students ?
A clarification : My Wednesday column claimed that 68,000 Harris County voter registration applications were `` rejected '' in 2008 . According to the county attorney 's office , during 2007 and 2008 the voter registrar 's office rejected 3,518 persons who applied for voter registration cards . During the same period , the tax office also sent 64,036 notices to voters who had submitted incomplete applications ; of those , 29,386 ultimately registered , according to county records .
patti.hart @ chron.com
NEW DELHI : Justice C S Karnan of Madras high court has plunged the HC into a huge crisis by threatening contempt of court proceedings against Chief Justice Sanjay K Kaul accusing them of interfering in their judicial work and seeking a CBI probe into alleged forged educational qualification of another Judge of the HC . Apart from contempt of court action , Justice Karnan also threatened to direct National SC/ST Commission to initiate a detailed inquiry against the HC chief justice for harassing them , a member of the dalit community , and also slapping a case against the CJ under stringent provisions of SC/ST Attrocities ( Prevention ) Act.A beleaguered high court through its registrar general has rushed to the Supreme Court accusing Justice Karnan of judicial indiscipline , challenging the authority of the HC Chief Justice , passing order without jurisdiction and lacking in self-restraint . A bench headed by Chief Justice of India H L Dattu on Monday will hear the petition seeking a stay of Justice Karnan 's orders.It all started with the CJ constituting the recruitment committee comprising Justices V Dhanapalan , R Sudhakar , D Hariparanthaman , N Kirubakaran and R Mala to interview candidates for selection as civil judges . The Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission chairperson and other officers were to be part of the selection committee and it was scheduled to start oral interview of candidates form April 15 till April 21.On April 16 , Justice Karnan initiated suo motu proceedings and passed a judicial order questioning Justice Dhanapalan 's inclusion in the committee . They alleged that latter had produced `` bogus educational qualifications '' about their bachelor and masters degree in law , they had no locus-standi to conduct interview.He also alleged that inclusion of Justices Sudhakar and Hariparanthaman , who hailed from the same community besides being relatives , would send a wrong signal about the fairness of selection . They went on to stay the CJ 's administrative order and restrained the public service commission chairperson from conducting the interview of candidates for civil judge posts . `` In order to control the mal-administration of My Lord Chief Justice , I am passing this suo-motu judicial order in the interest of justice invoking Article 226 of the Constitution to restore the confidence in the Madras high court and confidence with the general public , '' they said and ordered that two judges must be from minorities communities – one from Muslim community and another from Christian community – to give a fair representation to all communities in the recruitment committee.On April 17 , Justice Karnana 's suo motu order was placed before a division bench of Justices S Tamilvanan and C T Selvam , which stayed the April 16 order.Despite the division bench order , Justice Karnan directed the Registry to place the matter before them on judicial side on April 30 . On that day , they reiterated their earlier order and threatened the Chief Justice with contempt of court proceedings . `` This court requests My Lord the Chief Justice to extend their cooperation without any interference with my court 's proceedings and its judicial power in order to maintain decorum of the court and avoid an unhealthy practice of judiciary in the interest of the general public . My deep request to the Chief Justice is to avoid ego and stop acting in an autocratic manner to protect democracy , '' Justice Karnan said in their order.Ordering status quo on interviews to be conducted by the public service commission , Justice Karnan also threw in their dalit card.He said : `` My deep request to the Chief Justice is that you should not interfere in my judicial process in the instant case , failing which , this court will initiate contempt of court proceedings against you and also give direction to the chairperson , National SC/ST Commission to initiate proceedings to conduct a detailed enquiry regarding your harassment of me being a dalit judge to make you perforce to book you under the SC/ST atrocities Act . ''
A newly discovered , two-meter-long shrimp-like creature was once the largest animal on the planet . Unearthed in southeastern Morocco , these fossils date back to the Ordovician , about 443 million to 485 million years ago . The fossils , described in Nature this week , also help explain how the legs of today 's arthropods evolved .
Anomalocaridids are giant prehistoric sea creatures and the early relatives of modern arthropods , which includes insects , spiders , and crustaceans . They had a head with a pair of grasping appendages and a circular mouth that 's surrounded by toothed plates . Anomalocaridids are usually thought of as predators , nabbing prey with their head limbs , though some filter-feeding forms are known . We know a lot about the anatomy of their heads and not as much about their long , segmented bodies .
Now , Yale 's Peter Van Roy and colleagues analyzed a new anomalocaridid fossil ( preserved in 3D ) unearthed in the Lower Fezouata Formation of Morocco . It would have reached more than two meters in length—making it bigger than most arthropods that ever lived . It had ribbon-like structures on the back that likely functioned as gills , and like its earlier relatives from the Cambrian ( as well as modern baleen whales ) , this animal had head appendages adapted for filter feeding . “ Giant filter-feeding sharks and whales arose at the time of a major plankton radiation , and Aegirocassis represents a much , much older example of this—apparently overarching—trend , ” Van Roy says in a news release . Here 's its filter-feeding appendage :
They named it Aegirocassis benmoulae after Ægir , a Norse god of the sea , and “ cassis , ” Latin for helmet , referring to its elaborate head shield . The species name honors its discoverer .
Importantly , the team also revealed never-before-seen details of anomalocaridid trunk anatomy . All arthropods have hard exoskeletons and bodies and legs made up of multiple segments—each segment can be modified separately for different purposes . Additionally , arthropod legs typically have two branches , each of which is highly modified to suit specific functions : from locomotion and copulation to respiration and sensing its surroundings . In insects and many other land-dwelling arthropods , the external branches have been lost altogether .
“ It was believed that anomalocaridids possessed only one set of flaps , and it was n't clear to what structure in other arthropods these flaps were equivalent , ” Van Roy explains in The Conversation . Additionally , “ it was generally accepted that , as a result of their swimming lifestyle , anomalocaridids had completely lost their trunk limbs during the course of evolution. ” Not so , as it turns out .
Aegirocassis had not one but two separate pairs of flaps per segment : The upper flaps ( likely associated with gills ) were equivalent to the upper limb branch of modern aquatic arthropods , and the lower flaps represent modified walking limbs adapted for swimming . A reexamination of older anomalocaridid species revealed the presence of these previously overlooked flaps as well . That means anomalocaridids represent a stage before the upper and lower branches fused into the double-branched limb we see in modern arthropods .
Images : Marianne Collins , ArtofFact ( top ) , Peter Van Roy/Yale University ( middle ) , Peter Van Roy/Yale University & Allison C. Daley/University of Oxford CC BY-NC-ND ( bottom )
The startup will also receive mentoring from Menlo Park headquartered tech giant 's engineering team .
Facebook is investing $ 40,000 in an Indian fashion startup , named CloutOut , under its “ FbStart ” programme .
On November 30 Facebook stated that CloutOut will also receive mentoring from Menlo Park headquartered tech giant 's engineering team .
The social networking giant started the “ FbStart ” programme last year , aiming to help developers grow their startups by leveraging valuable tools and services , worldwide events and opportunities to engage with the Facebook team .
`` 'FbStart ' programme will be an immense boost to us at this phase of our evolution . Receiving mentorship from the pioneer of social networking will bring a huge opportunity for us to lead the fashion re-commerce revolution in India within the next couple of years , '' said Jasmeet Thind , Co-founder , CoutLoot .
Under the programmer , the startup will get access to over 25 services including open source tools such as React Native , FB login and Account Kit and App Analytics .
Click on Deccan Chronicle Technology and Science for the latest news and reviews . Follow us on Facebook , Twitter .
How to launch an app for results
6 minutes to read
In this article
Learn how to launch an app from another app and exchange data between the two . This is called launching an app for results . The example here shows you how to use LaunchUriForResultsAsync to launch an app for results .
New app-to-app communication APIs in Windows 10 make it possible for Windows apps ( and Windows Web apps ) to launch an app and exchange data and files . This enables you to build mash-up solutions from multiple apps . Using these new APIs , complex tasks that would have required the user to use multiple apps can now be handled seamlessly . For example , your app could launch a social networking app to choose a contact , or launch a checkout app to complete a payment process .
The app that you 'll launch for results will be referred to as the launched app . The app that launches the app will be referred to as the calling app . For this example you will write both the calling app and the launched app .
Prerequisites
Windows 10
Microsoft Visual Studio 2015
Instructions
Step 1 : Register the protocol to be handled in the app that you 'll launch for results
In the Package.appxmanifest file of the launched app , add a protocol extension to the < Application > section . The example here uses a fictional protocol named test-app2app .
The ReturnResults attribute in the protocol extension accepts one of these values :
optional —The app can be launched for results by using the LaunchUriForResultsAsync method , or not for results by using LaunchUriAsync . When you use optional , the launched app must determine whether it was launched for results . It can do that by checking the OnActivated event argument . If the argument 's IActivatedEventArgs.Kind property returns ActivationKind.ProtocolForResults , or if the type of the event argument is ProtocolActivatedEventArgs , the app was launched via LaunchUriForResultsAsync .
—The app can be launched for results by using the method , or not for results by using . When you use , the launched app must determine whether it was launched for results . It can do that by checking the event argument . If the argument 's property returns , or if the type of the event argument is , the app was launched via . always —The app can be launched only for results ; that is , it can respond only to LaunchUriForResultsAsync .
—The app can be launched only for results ; that is , it can respond only to . none—The app can not be launched for results ; it can respond only to LaunchUriAsync .
In this protocol-extension example , the app can be launched only for results . This simplifies the logic inside the OnActivated method , discussed below , because we have to handle only the `` launched for results '' case and not the other ways that the app could be activated .
< Applications > < Application ... > < Extensions > < uap : Extension Category= '' windows.protocol '' > < uap : Protocol Name= '' test-app2app '' ReturnResults= '' always '' > < uap : DisplayName > Test app-2-app < /uap : DisplayName > < /uap : Protocol > < /uap : Extension > < /Extensions > < /Application > < /Applications >
Step 2 : Override Application.OnActivated in the app that you 'll launch for results
If this method does not already exist in the launched app , create it within the App class defined in App.xaml.cs .
In an app that lets you pick your friends in a social network , this function could be where you open the people-picker page . In this next example , a page named LaunchedForResultsPage is displayed when the app is activated for results . Ensure that the using statement is included at the top of the file .
using Windows.ApplicationModel.Activation ; ... protected override void OnActivated ( IActivatedEventArgs args ) { // Window management Frame rootFrame = Window.Current.Content as Frame ; if ( rootFrame == null ) { rootFrame = new Frame ( ) ; Window.Current.Content = rootFrame ; } // Code specific to launch for results var protocolForResultsArgs = ( ProtocolForResultsActivatedEventArgs ) args ; // Open the page that we created to handle activation for results . rootFrame.Navigate ( typeof ( LaunchedForResultsPage ) , protocolForResultsArgs ) ; // Ensure the current window is active . Window.Current.Activate ( ) ; }
Because the protocol extension in the Package.appxmanifest file specifies ReturnResults as always , the code just shown can cast args directly to ProtocolForResultsActivatedEventArgs with confidence that only ProtocolForResultsActivatedEventArgs will be sent to OnActivated for this app . If your app can be activated in ways other than launching for results , you can check whether IActivatedEventArgs.Kind property returns ActivationKind.ProtocolForResults to tell whether the app was launched for results .
Step 3 : Add a ProtocolForResultsOperation field to the app you launch for results
private Windows.System.ProtocolForResultsOperation _operation = null ;
You 'll use the ProtocolForResultsOperation field to signal when the launched app is ready to return the result to the calling app . In this example , the field is added to the LaunchedForResultsPage class because you 'll complete the launch-for-results operation from that page and will need access to it .
Step 4 : Override OnNavigatedTo ( ) in the app you launch for results
Override the OnNavigatedTo method on the page that you 'll display when your app is launched for results . If this method does not already exist , create it within the class for the page defined in < pagename > .xaml.cs . Ensure that the following using statement is included at the top of the file :
using Windows.ApplicationModel.Activation
The NavigationEventArgs object in the OnNavigatedTo method contains the data passed from the calling app . The data may not exceed 100KB and is stored in a ValueSet object .
In this example code , the launched app expects the data sent from the calling app to be in a ValueSet under a key named TestData , because that 's what the example 's calling app is coded to send .
using Windows.ApplicationModel.Activation ; ... protected override void OnNavigatedTo ( NavigationEventArgs e ) { var protocolForResultsArgs = e.Parameter as ProtocolForResultsActivatedEventArgs ; // Set the ProtocolForResultsOperation field . _operation = protocolForResultsArgs.ProtocolForResultsOperation ; if ( protocolForResultsArgs.Data.ContainsKey ( `` TestData '' ) ) { string dataFromCaller = protocolForResultsArgs.Data [ `` TestData '' ] as string ; } } ... private Windows.System.ProtocolForResultsOperation _operation = null ;
Step 5 : Write code to return data to the calling app
In the launched app , use ProtocolForResultsOperation to return data to the calling app . In this example code , a ValueSet object is created that contains the value to return to the calling app . The ProtocolForResultsOperation field is then used to send the value to the calling app .
ValueSet result = new ValueSet ( ) ; result [ `` ReturnedData '' ] = `` The returned result '' ; _operation.ReportCompleted ( result ) ;
Step 6 : Write code to launch the app for results and get the returned data
Launch the app from within an async method in your calling app as shown in this example code . Note the using statements , which are necessary for the code to compile :
using System.Threading.Tasks ; using Windows.System ; ... async Task < string > LaunchAppForResults ( ) { var testAppUri = new Uri ( `` test-app2app : '' ) ; // The protocol handled by the launched app var options = new LauncherOptions ( ) ; options.TargetApplicationPackageFamilyName = `` 67d987e1-e842-4229-9f7c-98cf13b5da45_yd7nk54bq29ra '' ; var inputData = new ValueSet ( ) ; inputData [ `` TestData '' ] = `` Test data '' ; string theResult = `` '' ; LaunchUriResult result = await Windows.System.Launcher.LaunchUriForResultsAsync ( testAppUri , options , inputData ) ; if ( result.Status == LaunchUriStatus.Success & & result.Result ! = null & & result.Result.ContainsKey ( `` ReturnedData '' ) ) { ValueSet theValues = result.Result ; theResult = theValues [ `` ReturnedData '' ] as string ; } return theResult ; }
In this example , a ValueSet containing the key TestData is passed to the launched app . The launched app creates a ValueSet with a key named ReturnedData that contains the result returned to the caller .
You must build and deploy the app that you 'll launch for results before running your calling app . Otherwise , LaunchUriResult.Status will report LaunchUriStatus.AppUnavailable .
You 'll need the family name of the launched app when you set the TargetApplicationPackageFamilyName . One way to get the family name is to make the following call from within the launched app :
string familyName = Windows.ApplicationModel.Package.Current.Id.FamilyName ;
Remarks
The example in this how-to provides a `` hello world '' introduction to launching an app for results . The key things to note are that the new LaunchUriForResultsAsync API lets you asynchronously launch an app and communicate via the ValueSet class . Passing data via a ValueSet is limited to 100KB . If you need to pass larger amounts of data , you can share files by using the SharedStorageAccessManager class to create file tokens that you can pass between apps . For example , given a ValueSet named inputData , you could store the token to a file that you want to share with the launched app :
inputData [ `` ImageFileToken '' ] = SharedStorageAccessManager.AddFile ( myFile ) ;
Then pass it to the launched app via LaunchUriForResultsAsync .
Related topics
How to activate an app
LaunchUri
LaunchUriForResultsAsync
ValueSet
Yes , a “ quip ” button . Simply press Q and your burly space commando with a heart of gold and a gun of gun will grumble out a clumsy one-liner worthy of Sylvester Stallone himself . Which is to say , “ Wait , what 'd they just say ? ” Oh , but Major Hertz has other things too . Good things ! While its incredibly overt parody of Biff McBlastochin games and film is worthy of quite a few chuckles , it 's actually a pretty novel take on over-the-top manshootery in its own right . Basically , it 's a parody game that 's actually fun . Imagine that .
Plenty of shooters can be described as extremely linear rollercoasters , but Major Hertz is actually a mega-linear rollercoaster ride – in a good way . In short , it 's all about high-speed forward motion . I pretty much ended up boosting all the time , which then led to topsy-turvy ceiling skating antics , weapon power-ups , and a higher score each time I mowed down the better part of humanity like an 18-wheeler through a field of defenseless daisies .
Also , a tip : ramps are your friend . Because they 're super rad and make slo-mo happen . What are the '90s doing in my self-proclaimed “ '80s badass simulator ” ? I have no idea , but I 'm certainly not complaining .
So yes , everything blows up , baddies ' tiny score-shaped souls ascend to the glorious nirvana that is your point total , and then it all ends . Really quickly , actually – especially since I do n't think it 's really possible to die . Then again , Major Hertz is a student project , so I ca n't fault it too much for being light on content . All told , it 's ( slightly janky ) high-speed fun for its incredibly short duration , so I 'd love to see the idea expanded upon . Also , the quip button . God , this world needs more quip buttons .
Huh , sorry , what 's that ? Ah , OK. Major Hertz themselves just told me to send you off with this incredibly heartfelt message : “ Hmmunrmuh… ruminahbuh… mykinda… space. ” So… yep .
JOSEPH SCHUMPETER knew that innovation brings some costs . The bank-teller makes way for the cash machine ; e-mails push the postal service into decline . Technological advance benefits the economy as a whole by raising incomes and boosting productivity , but it harms the unfortunate few who have built careers in the destroyed industry . On January 16th President Barack Obama unveiled a proposal which seeks to even things out .
Mr Obama wants the government to provide workers with wage insurance . If a worker blamelessly loses their job and takes a new one which pays less—and less than $ 50,000 the government would make up half the shortfall for two years , up to a total of $ 10,000 . An estimate from 2007 suggests this would cost $ 3 billion-4 billion a year . That means it could be financed with a tax , which supporters would describe as an insurance premium , of around $ 25 per year , per worker . The proposal is likely to remain theoretical for the foreseeable future ; it has few takers among Republicans , who control Congress and therefore the budget . Yet as an example of how the American left is thinking about how to respond to globalisation and automation it is worth examining , not least because whomever the Democrats nominate as a presidential candidate in July is likely to borrow it .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
The government already offers the same terms to workers over 50 who lose their jobs as a result of foreign competition . The logic of this proposal is the same : trade benefits all consumers by filling shops with cheap imports , but harms those whose jobs disappear overseas . Why , ask advocates of wage insurance , should this apply only to trade-related job losses ? Is a factory worker replaced by a robot any less deserving than one who is displaced by foreign goods ?
The costs of having to switch careers can be severe , because employees lose seniority and firm-specific skills , such as how to use particular tools or software . From 2011 to 2013 , 4.3m workers were displaced from jobs they had held for at least three years . Three in five found a job by January 2014 ; of those , over 20 % lost more than a fifth of their income . Transport and utilities workers were the hardest hit ; 40 % of those who found jobs faced losing a big chunk of their income .
If the wage loss persists over a career , it can total hundreds of thousands of dollars . But whereas Americans can insure themselves against other catastrophes , like a fire or a burglary , they can not do so against a robot taking their job . That is probably the result of adverse selection : workers in industries where machines are on the march will be especially keen to buy insurance , while those who feel safe will steer clear , leaving insurers with only bad risks .
Some firms offer top-ups to state-provided unemployment insurance , which is paid during episodes of joblessness . But whereas the government can offer a flat rate , by requiring everyone to participate , premiums in the private market vary with risk . According to IncomeAssure.com , insuring 50 % of a $ 50,000 income sets back a government administrator in Texas less than $ 2 per month ; the same coverage costs a construction worker in Mississippi $ 76 a month . It does not help that unemployment insurance varies wildly across states—something else Mr Obama would like to change .
The White House claims that wage insurance would encourage workers to find new jobs quickly , because the insurance payments are limited to two years , and kick in only once the person finds a new job ; every month they are out of work is a month they miss out on both wages and wage insurance . A pilot programme in Canada in the 1990s , a rare example of a similar policy in another country , found that insurance increased the proportion of displaced workers finding jobs within six months by four percentage points . Average earnings fell by 5 % , though—presumably because insured workers were less likely to hold out for a higher-paying job .
As a response to worries about robots , apps and immigrants competing away middle-class jobs , wage insurance makes more sense than , say , trade barriers or a steeply higher minimum wage . One benefit of the policy is that once suitably insured , workers might be less inclined to oppose economic liberalisation .
Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz ( right ) spoke at the US Conference of Mayors in Dallas Sunday . On Monday , mayors urged natural solutions to fight the effects of climate change .
WASHINGTON — Driven by exceptionally warm ocean waters , Earth smashed a record for heat in May and is expected to keep on breaking high temperature marks , experts say .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Monday said May 's average temperature on Earth of 59.93 degrees beat the record set four years ago . In April , the globe tied the 2010 record for that month . Records go back to 1880 .
May was especially hot in parts of Kazakhstan , Indonesia , Spain , South Korea , and Australia , while the United States was not close to a record , just 1 degree warmer than the 20th century average . However , California is having a record hot first five months of the year , a full 5 degrees above normal .
Advertisement
Georgia Tech climate scientist Kim Cobb and other experts say there is a good chance global heat records will keep falling , especially next year because an El Nino weather event is brewing on top of human-made global warming . An El Nino is a warming of the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean that alters climate worldwide and usually spikes global temperatures .
Get Ground Game in your inbox : Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Ocean temperatures in May also set a record for the month . But an El Nino is n't considered in effect until the warm water changes the air and that has n't happened yet , NOAA said .
With the El Nino on top of higher temperatures from heat-trapping greenhouse gases , ‘ ‘ we will see temperature records fall all over the world , '' wrote Pennsylvania State University climate scientist Michael Mann in an e-mail .
May was 1.33 degrees warmer than the 20th century world average . The last month cooler than normal was February 1985 , marking 351 hotter-than-average months in a row .
The news on record temperatures comes as a group of prominent financial and political figures is calling for new government policies and business practices to ‘ ‘ reduce the odds of catastrophic outcomes '' linked to climate change .
Advertisement
The group , called the Risky Business Project , issued a report suggesting that the most severe risks could be avoided through early investments . Some members of the group are expected to meet with Obama administration members at the White House on Wednesday .
‘ ‘ I know a lot about financial risks — in fact , I spent nearly my whole career managing risks and dealing with financial crisis , '' former Treasury secretary Henry Paulson says in the report . ‘ ‘ Today I see another type of crisis looming : a climate crisis . And while not financial in nature , it threatens our economy just the same . ''
In addition to Paulson , the 10-member group consists of former treasury secretary Robert Rubin , former secretary of state George Shultz , hedge fund manager turned climate activist Tom Steyer , Cargill executive chairperson Gregory Page , former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg , former Senator Olympia Snowe of Maine , former Health and Human Services secretary Donna Shalala , former secretary of Housing and Urban Development Henry Cisneros , and former dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health Al Sommer .
In Dallas on Monday , a bipartisan group of mayors from across the country unanimously approved a resolution that calls on cities to use natural solutions to fight the effects of climate change .
Attendees of the US Conference of Mayors voted on the resolution , which encourages cities to use nature to ‘ ‘ protect freshwater supplies , defend the nation 's coastlines , maintain a healthy tree and green space cover , and protect air quality , '' sometimes by partnering with nonprofit organizations .
Advertisement
The resolution was backed by Democratic mayors from Republican-dominated states : Lee Leffingwell of Austin , Texas ; Annise Parker of Houston ; and Greg Stanton of Phoenix . It passed easily even though Republicans and Democrats remain deeply divided over how to deal with climate change .
Material from the Washington Post was used in this report .
This is a series . First post is here .
There were a few questions concerning my last post , and it has taken me this long to come up with the proper responses . I finally was able to ask my mom about some of the weird experiences I had as a younger child . I am only fourteen as I write this now . They do not know that I am writing these .
The police checked our house but were unable to find anything that would suggest a break-in . We stayed with our neighbors for two days before going back to our house . From what I remember , I still went to preschool these days , I had only missed the one day . My sisters too attended school . They were in fourth and sixth grade or thereabouts . I do not remember much from our stay at the neighbors , other than it was with Mrs. McCoy , who still lives next to us , alone now ; a widow .
At the time they were still married , though I will not be giving out first names . The stay was uneventful , we went back to our house and thanked them . My mom baked them cookies , I had one while they were still warm , then took them over . I knew they would let me have a few , I sat down and talked to them They did not ask about why we had stayed at their house , and I am not sure they know now .
My mom , when questioned , continually tried to change the subject and seemed to be very uncomfortable while we talked . I did not ask them why though , for fear of being shut down entirely . I was , however , still able to get some very useful information , and it has sparked my memory .
I was nearing six years old , and the whole incident ( see last post ) had nearly been forgotten , though something like that can not ever be completely lost . I had been allowed to be left at home after confirming with my parents I was fine with it . It still took them a few weeks though before they were both comfortable with it . I was at home one night , my whole family was at home . My dad said they had something for me , I asked what it was , but they replied only with a wink of their light blue eyes . They leaned away from the counter and their laptop to reach into their black leather bag on the floor . It looked like a worn out leather sack that Indiana Jones might use , if theirs ever wore out . Their head appeared again as I stood on my tiptoes , trying to see what they may have pulled from their bag .
I saw them put out their hand , I mimicked them and they placed their fist in my palm , easily overflowing my small hand . They opened their hand and I felt plastic . I brought my hand closer to examine the translucent blue in my hand . It was a pen . I noticed the logo of my dad 's company on the side . I smiled wide and thanked him . I went around the low granite counter and hugged him ; my arms could not reach around their broad shoulders to hold my own hand . I inspected the pen and noticed it was also a light , I turned it on to see the dim bulb illuminate the darkness on the other side of the double doors behind my dad . The light barely reached the far wall of the next room , but I still thought it was fantastic . My dad 's eyes twinkled seeing the joy it had brought me .
I went to bed that night , the pen on my night side table , but did not see it when i woke up . It was in my hand now .
“ I must have grabbed it in my sleep , '' I thought .
I also noted that my stuffed giraffe was at the bottom of my bed . Keep in mind I was five , and was in a queen size bed , the same one I have now . I thought it strange that I was able to have shifted so much as to have put the plush toy that far from my reach , but not strange enough to be worried . I lifted the heavy comforter , the square patches of color illuminated as the early morning light peeked through the window . I hopped out of bed and began to get ready for school . I brushed my teeth and showered , then I called my mom into my room to help with my outfit . They opened my closet , then asked what color shirt I wished to wear , I said I did not care , as I normally never did . They handed me an orange shirt , khaki shorts , socks , and my Velcro shoes . I was ready in a few minutes and went down to get breakfast , my mom had made pancakes .
I ate and we left for school as soon as my sisters got in the car . My mom came and picked me up from school an hour earlier than my sister , as I was not quite in first grade , but would soon be graduating . Our class had learned a little song that we would be singing at the ceremony . I got home and ate a small snack . My sister heard my screams and came down , I am not sure , but I think I heard it snarl at me , maybe it had said something , but I could not understand whatever it was . My sister asked what was wrong , I looked up fearfully , their dark brown eyes met me with a seriousness that told me they had not wanted to come down . I said what had happened , they looked at me somewhat quizzically , then turned to call our parents . They lifted up the phone ; dialed the number ; then waited . It seemed to be a very long time , they put down the phone , looking even more puzzled than before and said that their was no dial tone . I said to unplug and replug the phone . They did so , but reported the same . Now they seemed to be a little nervous , they were biting at their hair , splitting the ends of their long golden locks . I asked what we should do , they had no idea . I said we should go to the neighbor 's but they said that we should not bother them , unless I was completely serious . I looked them in the eye and said ,
`` There is something in this house , and I think `` it '' , is a `` he '' . Them eyes widened a little , they took me and we briskly walked out of the house . We crossed the lawn and impatiently rung the doorbell a few times . We were welcomed into the McCoy 's home .
Not too long after , my mom went to pick up my sisters . They told me to be good , I said I would . I heard the small * ding * of the driveway alarm as they went off . I did not do much , just played with some toys and the flashlight my dad had given me the other night . I drew a little with the pen as well , but liked the flashlight part better . I tried to be somewhat sparing , knowing the battery would be somewhat difficult to replace . The day was uneventful , but that night my mom realized we did not have any more milk .
I thought this strange , as I had seen an extra gallon that morning . I checked only to see they were right . They left and it was just me and my sister , my oldest sister . My other sister had gymnastics practice . My sister went to their room and did their homework . Them room was in the far upper corner of our house . We do have a fairly large house , but we also have a good security system , and I believe we have always had one that is fairly nice . Anyways , I was downstairs , in almost the opposite corner of our house , where my dad had presented me with the flashlight . The double doors was a gate to utter darkness , and I was fighting off the evil creatures of the dark . I had my flashlight in hand , a cardboard shield in hand , fighting off the invisible foes . One slash and three were struck down dead in their place . I held the beam straight , beckoning another to challenge me ; this is when I saw it , not just its boot this time , I saw it dart across the room . I could barely see it in the weak beam , but dropped my shield in surprise . I called out , to no avail .
I crept a little closer ; my hand was sweating a little , holding a tight grip on the small pen . My knuckles were white as I reached the darkness , one more step and I was inside of the next room . I moved the beam slowly to the right , where it had run to . I could see nothing , the weak beam produced a large yellow circle on the wall , but was difficult to see even in the room . I walked on , avoiding the ping-pong table , until the light fluttered . It was near unnoticeable , but I had noticed . I was at the far end of the ping-pong table when the light flickered , went out , then came back on . When it had come back on , I was past the ping-pong table , and able to see past the corner of out `` L '' shaped couch . I froze as I saw some mess of a figure hunched over . Its back was to me , and it appeared to have been wearing a ratty fur coat . It turned and I saw a pale face , but only for a split second as the pen shattered in my hands . I screamed and ran .
My sister heard my screams and came down , I am not sure , but I think I heard it snarl at me , maybe it had said something , but I could not understand whatever it was . My sister asked what was wrong , I looked up fearfully , their dark brown eyes met me with a seriousness that told me they had not wanted to come down . I said what had happened , they looked at me somewhat quizzically , then turned to call our parents . They lifted up the phone ; dialed the number ; then waited . It seemed to be a very long time , they put down the phone , looking even more puzzled than before and said that their was no dial tone . I said to unplug and replug the phone . They did so , but reported the same . Now they seemed to be a little nervous , they were biting at their hair , splitting the ends of their long golden locks . I asked what we should do , they had no idea . I said we should go to the neighbor 's house , my sister readily agreed . We sat by the window , looking and waiting for our family to return.After ages , our mother and sister returned .
We ran out before they opened the garage and told them what had happened . My mother called my father , who came home early from work . They told us to wait outside and went in . They closed the garage door behind him . About half an hour passed , we were waiting in the car to avoid the early winter frost . My dad came out and told us they had found nothing.We went inside , prayed as a family as we do every night , and all went to bed . On my way upstairs to my bedroom , I could hear my oldest sister calling for their dog .
`` Pinky ! '' They called , `` Pinky ! Come here ! '' I heard a few whistles .
They went upstairs and asked our parents if they had let them outside , they said no . They walked a few steps down the hall to my room , knocked , and entered . I walked from the stairwell over and leaned in , I said that I had not let them out . We both walked down past the stairway , and to my sister 's room . They knocked , and we entered . They too confirmed that Pinky had not been let out , by our family . Our mom said that they had run away and one of our neighbors would call soon to return her ; the call never came .
About The Author Vitaly Friedman loves beautiful content and does n't like to give in easily . When they are not writing or speaking at a conference , he 's most probably running … More about Vitaly…
Beautiful High-Quality Free Fonts For Your Designs
Smashing Newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our editors ' picks twice a month . Your email Subscribe →
“ fresh ” high-quality free fonts and present them to you in a brief overview . The choice is enormous , so the time you need to find them is usually the time you should be investing in your current projects . We search for them and we find them , so you do n't have to . In this selection we 're glad to present you Chunk , Titilium , Amputa Bangiz , Serif Beta , Quatro , Rough Draft , Comfortaa and a couple of other high-quality free fonts . Please read the license agreements carefully before using the fonts — the license can change from time to time . * Every now and again we take a look around , selectand present them to you in a brief overview . The choice is enormous , so the time you need to find them is usually the time you should be investing in your current projects . We search for them and we find them , so you do n't have to . In this selection we 're glad to present you Chunk , Titilium , Amputa Bangiz , Serif Beta , Quatro , Rough Draft , Comfortaa and a couple of other high-quality free fonts . Pleasebefore using the fonts — the license can change from time to time . * 15 Beautiful High-Quality Free Fonts 40 Excellent Free Fonts For Professional Design * You can find over 80 more free fonts in our section Fonts
Every now and again we take a look around , select “ fresh ” high-quality free fonts and present them to you in a brief overview . The choice is enormous , so the time you need to find them is usually the time you should be investing in your current projects . We search for them and we find them , so you do n't have to .
In this selection we 're glad to present you Chunk , Titilium , Amputa Bangiz , Serif Beta , Quatro , Rough Draft , Comfortaa and a couple of other high-quality free fonts . Please read the license agreements carefully before using the fonts — the license can change from time to time .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Fresh High-Quality Free Fonts
Chunk Open Source Typeface [ Download the .zip-package ] Chunk is an ultra-bold slab serif typeface that is reminiscent of old American Western woodcuts , broadsides , and newspaper headlines . Used mainly for display , the fat block lettering is unreserved yet refined for contemporary use . OpenType . Designed by Meredith Mandel . ( via Graham Smith ) .
Meet Smashing Book 6 — our brand-new book focused on real challenges and real front-end solutions in the real world : from design systems and accessible single-page apps to CSS Custom Properties , CSS Grid , Service Workers , performance , AR/VR and responsive art direction . With Marcy Sutton , Yoav Weiss , Lyza D. Gardner , Laura Elizabeth and many others . Table of Contents →
Titilium [ Download the .zip-package ] A very legible , beautiful academic typeface that perfectly fits to every corporate identity design , magazines and headlines of corporate web-sites . The typeface is available in various weights : text version , title version , extra-black version and full-version .
Amputa Bangiz Standard TTF [ Download the .zip-package ] An original retro/grungy-font , designed by Quiccs and available for free download and use in private and commercial projects . Includes some basic non-alphanumeric characters as well .
Serif Beta [ specimen | Download the .zip-package ] Serif Beta is a very legible large serif family of free fonts , including 3 fontspacks with the optic weights 6 , 12 und 72 ( overall 14 weights ) . The family includes swash-glyphs and black-weights . Each font has 274 glyphs . Free for personal and commercial use , feedback is appreciated . ( via dersven ) .
Quatro To receive a beta version of Quatro please email the author of the font ( follow the link above ) with the subject line Quatro . Please include your full name , where you work/title and a current email address and I will supply a compressed postscript typeface shortly thereafter .
Rough Draft Regular A legendary TrueType typeface by Harold Lohner . Contains 189 characters in 9 ranges . For $ 5 you can buy the complete set which includes separate Outline , Clean Fill , and Solid Fill fonts .
Comfortaa [ Download the .zip-package ] Comfortaa is a simple , modern , legible true type font with 466 different characters and symbols ( incl . European accents ) . Available in three weights : Regular , Bold and Thin . The typeface has smooth , rounded edges , Absolutely free for personal and commercial projects . Designed by Johan Aakerlund from Denmark .
MOD™ font [ Download the .zip-package ]
Mod is an original , experimental font that is applicable for any type of graphic design – Web , print , motion graphics etc and perfect for T-shirts and other items like logos , pictograms . Designed by Svetoslav Simov from Sofia , Bulgaria .
Reminder ( aka Featured in previous posts )
Droid Font Family Google 's Android project , an open platform for mobile devices , includes the Droid font family , which was designed to provide optimal quality and comfort on a mobile handset when rendered in application menus , web browsers and for other screen text .
The Droid family of fonts consists of Droid Sans , Droid Sans Mono and Droid Serif . Each contains extensive character set coverage including Western Europe , Eastern/Central Europe , Baltic , Cyrillic , Greek and Turkish support . Description with a specimen . You can find concrete instruction of how you can use the fonts in this article .
Nilland A beautiful slab-serif typeface , designed by Manfred Klein . The family consists of 6 weights , regular , bold , extra bold , black , small caps and small caps bold ( link and images via DerSven.de ) .
Aller Sans [ Specimen | License | Download ] Dalton Maag design team designed a beautiful sans-serif Aller Sans , sponsored by Danish publishing company Aller ( hence the name ) . The typeface was designed as part of the Danish School of Media and Journalisms new CI and is now available for free use and download ( via ) .
M+ Outline These fonts are free software . Unlimited permission is granted to use , copy , and distribute it , with or without modification , either commercially and noncommercially . Designed by Morishita Coji . The fonts are regulary updated , work in progress . Caution : Japanese language .
Goudy Bookletter 1911 A serif old-style OpenType font . You need to scroll the frame to find the download link . [ via derSven ]
Andale Mono is a highly legible monospaced font which was originally distributed as part of the Internet Explorer 4.0 add-ons page as Monotype.com . It distinguishes well between the zero , and the O . You can find 4 further monospaced fonts in Hamish Macpherson 's article The Typography of Code .
Credits : Hamish Macpherson
Junction [ Download the .zip-package ]
Designed by Caroline Hadilaksono , Junction is a humanist sans-serif typeface . It has elegant , clearn and very sharp glyphs , but contains only 100 most common symbols . Like Gentium it perfectly fits to body copy , but can also show its strengths , balance and beauty in headlines . Here are some insights from the designer :
Vegur This humanist sans-serif family is available in OpenType-format in three weights : ExtraLight , Regular and Bold . The typeface can be perfectly used both in body copy and in headlines .
More free fonts !
For more free fonts , please consider visitiong our previous posts :
Further Resources
THE GOOD : It 's strange that this is a film with two genuinely hysterical leads but the funniest cast member who constantly steals the show is Salma Hayek . Granted all they are doing is ad-libbing while dropping an `` F '' bomb ever so often and in-between every other word in their dialogue but some of the gags with them are worth a couple of chuckles or two . You can tell they had fun filming even though the lack of material given to them was of quality . Thankfully she 's charismatic enough to command every scene she 's featured in with force .
When the film finally becomes the Ryan Reynolds & Samuel L. Jackson movie after its slow first act , it 's pretty entertaining to watch for the most part . Jackson is pretty much playing themselves as he 's loud and overuses the word “ muthafucka ” and Reynolds is themselves as he 's the sarcastic , mild tempered straight man . The best thing about them though is how they have a chain of history together based on their occupation which I respect for attempting to flesh out their characters . When they bicker , the film shines the most as it is genuinely laugh-out-loud funny at points .
THE BAD : When the best thing about The Hitman 's Bodyguard is its teaser poster , you know you fucked up big time . If you 've seen one film from Millennium , you 've seen them all . They have the same looking cheap effects , cheap explosions , and for some reason the same cheap cinematography .
( Image : CNET )
Apple has requested as many as six million Apple Watch wearables from its suppliers in Asia .
The wrist-wearable -- the first of the company 's kind -- is expected to arrive in Apple retail stores by the end of April .
The Wall Street Journal , citing a person familiar with the plans , first reported the news .
As for demand , will it be enough ? The report said half of the production will be earmarked for the Apple Sport entry model , while one-third of output will be the mid-tiered Apple Watch . That leaves suppliers producing as many as one million high-end Apple Watch Edition wearables each quarter . That could be increased as demand in China is expected to rocket , said the report .
It 's not clear exactly how Apple Watch will be received . The report says Apple can adjust its production plans quickly to increase output , or decrease it -- so inventory and stock does n't pile up in the back of stores .
News also emerged last week that Apple may be building its own self-driving car in a bid to compete with Tesla and Google .
Anti-superstition activist Narendra Dabholkar , who was at the forefront of a campaign to persuade Maharashtra government to pass an anti-superstition and black magic bill , was shot dead by two unidentified youths at 7.20 am on Omkarweshwar bridge near Cosmos Bank in Pune on Tuesday morning .
Dhabholkar , founder of the Maharashtra Andhashraddha Nirmoolan Samiti ( MANS ) , was gunned down while they were on their daily morning walk .
Must read : A blow by blow account of the last moments of Narendra Dabholkar 's life
Dabholkar 's murder comes days after the Maharashtra government assured introduction of the anti-superstition bill even as Right Wing groups continued to oppose the bill .
Pune Police Commissioner Gulabrao Pol , who confirmed Dabholkar 's death , said that police were investigating the motive but no suspects have so far been identified .
Eyewitnesses informed the police control room about the incident . Dabholkar 's body has been sent to Sassoon Hospital for autopsy .
Police identified Dabholkar from their wallet and their identity cards . Their wallet contained two signed cheques , one in the name of Maharashtra Andhashraddha Nirmoolan Samiti and another in the name of an individual .
Police inspector Manohar Joshi , incharge of Deccan Gymkhana police station , said , `` We are scrutinising nearby CCTV cameras for the identity of suspects . Eyewitnesses have noted the number ( 7756 ) of the motorbike . We are probing the incident . Dabholkar was shot at from a close range and the assailants fled the place via Rasta Peth Road . ''
The assailants shot four rounds at them from behind , two bullets hit the back of their head leading to instant death . The rounds were fired from a 7.65 caliber pistol . Of the two attackers on the bike , one was wearing a rainy cap , police said .
Meanwhile MANS workers said that Dabholkar 's body would be kept in the office of Sadhana weekly for a few weeks .
Later , it would be moved to their hometown in Satara for the last rites . Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar termed the incident as unfortunate .
Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan has announced Rs10 lakh reward for anyone who gives information on Dabholkar 's killers .
Condemning Dabholkar 's killing , state Home Minister RR Patil vowed that their killers would be nabbed at the earliest and the police were working in this direction .
Dabholkar spearheaded the `` Andhashraddha Nirmulan Samiti '' ( Anti-Superstition movement ) to change social mindset and inculcate scientific temper .
A staunch fighter for the cause of eradication of inhuman rituals and superstitions , Dabholkar was also in the forefront of the campaign to persuade Maharashtra government to pass an anti-superstition and black magic bill , opposed by certain sections of Warkari sect , in the State legislature .
Dabholkar , who had a degree in medicine , started working in the field of superstition eradication in 1983 .
In 1989 , along with other like-minded people , they founded the Maharashtra Andhashraddha Nirmoolan Samiti .
The spot where Dabholkar was shot
In the past 20 years they confronted many babas , buas , tantriks , etc . and led many agitations against several forms of superstitions , water pollution and animal sacrifices .
They were also the founder member of a de-addiction Centre , Parivartan in Satara .
As the news of their death broke , reactions on Twitter ranged from disbelief to shock . Here is what Twitteratti had to say :
Social Activist Narendra Dabholkar was shot dead in # pune . Shame ! May they rest in peace . — Vinod Sobale ( @ vinodsobale ) August 20 , 2013
Rationalist Narendra Dabholkar 's heinous murder points to Talibanisation.of our society and attacks on freedom of speech & rational thinking — Subash Babu A ( @ subashb ) August 20 , 2013
Shot dead ! In Pune ! Omg . Still ca n't believe . Very sad news . ? ? Rip . Narendra Dabholkar sir .. — M @ dhur @ ( @ MadhuraCulkarni ) August 20 , 2013
Dr. Narendra Dabholkar killed . Shocking ! May their soul rest in peace . Now please stop # purogamiMaharashtra crap ! ! ! — homely hippie ( @ homely_hippie ) August 20 , 2013
Shocked to hear about Narendra Dabholkar ! ! What 's happening ! ! ! RIP . Great man they are .. — M @ dhur @ ( @ MadhuraCulkarni ) August 20 , 2013
RIP ) : `` @ sureshpathare : RIP Hon . Narendra Dabholkar .... We have lost strong leader ...... '' — AAP follower ( @ aap_umesh ) August 20 , 2013
Anti-superstition activist Narendra Dabholkar shot dead in # Pune . Shocking . So much for progressive Maharashtra . — Amruta Byatnal ( @ amrutabyatnal ) August 20 , 2013
Anti-superstition activist Narendra Dabholkar shot dead in Pune ... RIP — Mehran Hamid Zaidi ( @ mehranzaidi ) August 20 , 2013
Dr Narendra Dabholkar won the most prestigious Chatrapati Shivaji Krida Puraskar for Kabaddi from the government of Maharashtra — siva kumar ( @ Sivakumar_king ) August 20 , 2013
Narendra Dabholkar , a rationalist and a sane voice against superstition and Nirmal Baba types shot dead in # Pune . Shocking . — ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ( @ thepiyushpandey ) August 20 , 2013
Narendra Dabholkar constantly fought against goons hiding behing religious veil . They are shot dead . May their death strengthen their struggle . — John HeyGhaati ( @ Sant_patil ) August 20 , 2013
Here is a video of Dabholkar giving a talk on Nirmal Baba .
Also read : Narendra Dabholkar , the man who waged a war against superstition in all forms
It 's already being dubbed `` the Amsterdam of the Rockies '' and an après-ski spliff is likely to become almost as common as a beer when cannabis possession is legalised in the hip mountain town of Breckenridge , Colorado , on 1 January .
Well known as a laid-back party resort characterised by baggy-trousered snowboarders and a vigorous happy hour , Breckenridge voted last month to relax marijuana laws .
From New Year 's Day there will be no criminal or civil penalties imposed on anyone carrying up to an ounce of marijuana – or the paraphernalia usually associated with it , such as long rolling papers , a small pipe or a bong . That also goes for tourists , in a resort popular with British visitors who flock there for the exciting ski slopes and the exuberant nightlife .
`` I 'm already getting calls from people outside the state asking questions , such as 'Can I do it while I 'm skiing ? ' , 'Can I bring it to my hotel room ? ' , that kind of thing , '' said Kim Green , spokesperson for the Breckenridge police department .
The answer to the first question is no . The operators of the ski resort have made it clear that , while cannabis use may be decriminalised in the town , they are still able to ban it on the slopes under separate laws , and will come down heavily on anyone skiing while stoned .
The answer to the hotel question , though , is potentially a yes , provided guests can get hold of the drug in the first place . And that could be tricky . It will remain illegal to buy , sell or grow cannabis and also to display or use it in public . That means no Amsterdam-style `` coffee shops '' , but the remaining restrictions in Breckenridge have not stopped campaigners making comparisons between the town and the Dutch capital .
`` We 're the second town in America after Denver to remove all penalties for marijuana possession and the first in history to remove all penalties for paraphernalia , and that 's cutting-edge on a global basis , '' said Brian Vicente . They head the pressure group Sensible Colorado , which is campaigning to make cannabis legal across the whole state .
Pot is illegal in Colorado under state and federal law . In theory , the police could stop someone under state law . But they have given no indication that they will do so . They will , however , be adopting `` zero tolerance '' for those driving while high , smoking dope in public or causing disturbances under the influence of drugs , Green said .
Giving birth was one big battle
‘ The magnificent squatting image of the Mexica goddess of childbirth , naked , solitary in the ecstasy of total effort , does not represent a woman in “ labour ” . Here we look upon the face of battle . If men challenged the death anguish on the jaguar meadow of war , women confronted it on the bloody field of childbirth ... ' ( Written/compiled by Ian Mursell/Mexicolore )
Lady Five Flint , with their serpent emblem floating behind her , gives birth to an heir , still attached by the umbilical cord ; Codex Zouche-Nuttall , folio 16 ( detail ) ( Click on image to enlarge )
This quote comes from Aztecs by Ingla Clendinnen , who goes on to emphasize that for the Mexica women struggling to give birth felt ‘ possessed ' by some great outside presence , in the same way that men in battle were overwhelmed by the force of Huitzilopochtli . This metaphor of war goes on : ‘ for those who emerged victorious from the struggle ... the midwife greeted the newly delivered child , the little “ captive ” , with war-cries , while praising the panting mother for their warrior 's courage . '
The midwife - every pregnant Mexica woman was assigned one - welcomed the new mother as if they had just returned from a major battle , with these words ( from the Florentine Codex ) : -
My beloved maiden , brave woman ... thou hast become as an eagle warrior , thou has become as an ocelot [ jaguar ] warrior ; thou hast raised up , thou hast taken to the shield , the small shield . ... Thou hast returned exhausted from battle , my beloved maiden , my brave woman ; be welcome .
A ciihuateotl figure , in the underworld . Detail from a mural by R. Anguiano , National Museum of Anthropology , Mexico ( Click on image to enlarge )
So special to the Aztecs was the act of childbirth that if , sadly , a woman were to die in childbirth , they became a companion of the Sun , rising to one of the highest heavens - the same one as for male warriors who died in battle - and joined the honoured women who carried the Sun down from its noon high point to set finally on the horizon .
'In warfare and in childbirth , therefore , men and women found honour , ascending to join the Sun in its triumphal march across the sky ' ( Caroline Dodds Pennock ) .
There was a fierce downside to this too : these women could return to earth to haunt humans at crossroads during the night , in the form of greatly feared cihuateteo spirits ( ‘ divine women ' ) : they stole children , caused sickness and led men astray . As we see time and time again with the Mexica , humans and deities were saddled with both gentle and fierce sides to their nature ...
Info from : -
• Aztecs by Inga Clendinnen , Cambridge University Press , 1991
• Bonds of Blood by Caroline Dodds Pennock , Palgrave Macmillian , 2008 .
Picture sources : -
• Main image : photo courtesy and © Dumbarton Oaks , Pre-Columbian Collection , Washington , DC
• Image from the Codex Zouche-Nuttall ( original in the British Museum ) scanned from our own copy of the ADEVA facsimile edition ( Graz , Austria , 1987 ) .
This article was uploaded to the Mexicolore website on Aug 26th 2013
Here 's what others have said :
1 At 6.18pm on Monday January 6 2014 , ELOTMANI wrote : the appears like “ ellat ” godess of arabs and berberians . “ ellat ” had arms up .
The combat is fun in parts and the characters grew on me , but so much more of Bound by Flame is tedious , frustrating , and unpolished .
The first notes I jotted down as I played Bound by Flame were miserable : “ What the hell is going on with the screen resolution ? I wish my character would shut their dumb mouth . Oh cool , undead ice guys from the north . Never seen that in a popular fantasy novel or TV series ever. ” The most positive thing I wrote was “ I found leather under a rock. ” Bound by Flame had to grow on me , and it did—but only just enough to keep me from dumping its Steam Trading Cards on the curb and changing the locks .
As RPGs tend to do , Bound by Flame starts with character customization—limited to gender , a few haircuts , and some ugly face presets—and a prologue to establish the apocalyptic plot . Whatever you name their ( she 's Arya in my game ) , the protagonist goes by Vulcan . They work for a mercenary group called the Freeborn Blades , which has been hired to protect a group of elder mages . They begin the game performing a ritual that could save the world from an army of undead soldiers called `` Deadwalkers , '' but the ritual goes wrong and Vulcan 's mind is invaded by a fire demon . Typical ancient ritual . The possession comes with pyromancy spells , a voice in their head , and the central dilemma : how much do you let the demon consume you in return for its power ?
Vulcan and their resident fire demon make a strong case for silent protagonists . Vulcan is unlikeable and stupidly crass , like a child showing off all the swears she 's learned , and the demon speaks like a kid who just discovered Shakespearean English . Thou , thee , thine , thy— please shut up .
The other characters are more enjoyable : The Captain , the Freeborn 's tough but caring leader ; Randval , a charming , single-minded knight ; Rhelmar , a sarcastic elf ; Edwen , a powerful and mysterious sorcerer ; and later on , an undead creature who makes up for their lack of skin with the most personality in the game .
At first , Edwen was my favorite character . Them motivations are never fully clear , even when their identity is revealed , and she 's got a sharp tongue that 's smarter than Vulcan 's . Unfortunately , she 's the prime target for Bound by Flame 's adolescent sex jokes . She 's constantly mocked for their revealing armor , as if chastising them for wearing ridiculous pointy breastplates makes it a funny in-joke instead of a sexist trope . Bound by Flame is n't funny .
Bound by budget
Despite the poor attempts at humor and often stupid dialog , I grew to like most of the characters and took the time to ask them questions and take care of their personal side quests . Even Vulcan grew on me as the demon took more control , largely because they started talking less like an angry child and more like an angry AM radio station with poor reception .
The dialogue options are mostly about gaining information and receiving fetch quests , but there are a few important Bioware-style decisions early on as Vulcan either fights or gives in to the influence of the demon , who claims to have the worlds ' best interests in mind . A couple decisions were tough to make , and I enjoyed the deliberation .
Strangely , those pivotal moments dry up in the latter two-thirds . I stopped feeling like I could change my path , and my former cohorts grew dull and distant . I had almost connected with them , almost started feeling bad about my decisions , but the emaciated second and third acts feel like an epilogue , where my path is determined and my relationships are n't going to grow anymore , except in moments where obviously foreshadowed plot points need to happen .
In some respects , Bound by Flame uses its budget wisely . Areas are kept relatively small , rendered with a hint of Borderlands-style shading , and in return some of them look great . There is n't a huge stable of monsters , but they 're well-animated and I like some of the weirder designs a lot . Outside of combat , character animation is stiff and the lip synching often creates ugly , unnatural grimaces , but that 's more easily forgivable than bad voice acting , and most of the acting is passable ( I did n't like Vulcan , if I have n't said that enough ) .
In bigger ways , though , Bound by Flame falls into the gap between what it tries to do and what it can do . The small areas mean that massive battles are only talked about after the fact , a grand and ancient elven city turns out to be a maze of unimpressive streets , and most questing requires running back and forth fighting the same groups of enemies over and over .
Important moments that could n't be animated are handled by fading to black and then back into the same scene , the characters reacting to what we did n't see , or sometimes not reacting at all . After what should have been a tragic moment at the end of the second act , I spoke to a character ten feet away and they are n't even aware that it had happened . It also does n't help that the dialogue captions are full of typos and improper punctuation—even names are misspelled in places , in and out of the game . I got a Steam Trading Card for “ Randhal , The Warrior , ” for instance , but in the game he 's `` Randval , The Knight . ''
Bound by Flame is n't very technically sound , either . It ran fine on my GTX Titan , but on a Radeon HD 5970 it kept downsampling and putting a black border around the screen for no apparent reason . I had to play it in windowed mode , where it crashed instantly if I minimized the window . The framerate stayed at a solid 40 on the HD 5970 , at least , and a solid 60 on the GTX Titan , though it was stuck there with no option to turn off vertical sync . I also encountered a few bugs : I had an entire conversation with a character while facing a different character , and the voice audio sometimes skipped lines .
Flame wars
The best part of Bound by Flame is the action RPG combat , but it 's only as good as the enemy design and balance , and the enemies are only any good in the middle of the game . In that middle section , I enter a zone where I 'm swinging , parrying , riposting , dodging , and spell casting with confidence and speed .
There are three paths : heavy weapons and blocking , daggers and dodging , and pyromancy spells . I focused on the heavy weapons stance , where I can swing my sword with the mouse buttons , enter a blocking position with space , parry and counter-attack by hitting space in time with an enemy attack , and kick to disrupt enemy blocks . When I 'm using all that in fast , complex sequences , combined with a crowd control fire spell that shoots out a 360-degree wave of knock-back flame , crossbow bolts , and explosive traps , I feel both powerful and challenged .
It 's an intuitive system which rewards careful timing and combos , but does n't punish you for changing your mind to react—the animations are easily interrupted to block out of a swing , or cancel a spell into a dodge . It 's especially fun in a couple one-on-one duels and against mid-game Deadwalker troops , but boring , overpowered enemies ruin it everywhere else .
Vulcan 's health and mana reserves are pathetic for the first half of the game , and new weapons and armor are scarce . With so little mana during those first several hours , spells are useless , and the early swamp enemies have such a simple attack , wait , attack pattern that all I can do is block , attack , block . It 's boring , and frustrating when foliage obscures my view and screws up my rhythm .
It 's not any better when I meet a more complex miniboss near the middle of the first act ( see the video below ) , where I succeed by tricking the AI into getting stuck in an easily-dodgeable attack pattern while I regenerate health . Once they start whacking the ground to attack me with sprouting vines , I run back and forth behind them casting my wimpy spells and they never stops until I break formation . It 's effective , but boring , and boss fights throughout Bound by Flame go roughly the same way . Even if their AI ca n't be exploited , it 's still about running around avoiding damage , harassing with quick swings , ripostes , and spells , and then running around some more to regenerate health .
At the end of the game , I 'm still enjoying scraps with lesser minions from the middle act , but minibosses repurposed as common enemies remain just as tedious as when they were introduced , and the final boss fight could really have used some checkpoints . It 's also annoying that I can bring a companion with me , but they 're almost totally useless . Thanks for getting backed into a corner and dying almost immediately , Rhelmar , you 're a goddamn hero .
Except when it hits that central sweet spot , Bound by Flame is often frustrating and tedious , and the last half of the story feels rushed and carelessly planned . Still , it grew on me . It 's a genuine effort , and I appreciate how much it wants to be a memorable and weighty RPG , even though it is n't .
But even though I found it strangely addictive , nothing—not the music , the sound design , the characters , the story , the sets , the leveling system , the combat , the boss fights—deserves any great amount of praise on its own . As a whole , Bound by Flame has enough appeal not to be dismissed as a total waste of time , but I would only recommend it at a quarter of the current asking price , and only then if you 've exhausted every other good , modern fantasy RPG .
The $ 2.4-billion Pan Am Games finished on ‎budget , and organizers will get their gold . Because last summer 's international sports extravaganza met its fiscal targets , 57 executives will be eligible for six-figure bonuses .
The $ 2.4-billion Pan Am Games finished on ‎budget , and organizers will get their gold -- in the form of handsome payouts . ( Steve Russell / Toronto Star file photo )
“ I can say with confidence that we did what we set out to do , ” Tourism , Culture and Sport Minister Michael Coteau told reporters Thursday . “ We successfully delivered the largest , most transparent multi-sport games ever held in this country , ” they said of the July and August event for 10,000 athletes that attracted 1.4 million visitors and left behind 25 new and upgraded sports facilities . Coteau said public safety and transportation cost significantly less than what was budgeted as recently as last spring , thanks largely to good luck .
Article Continued Below
Security came in at $ 185 million . That 's about 23 per cent — or $ 54 million — less than the $ 239 million estimated last spring because anticipated threats did not materialize . The Ontario Provincial Police decided against searching spectators and their bags on the way into Pan Am venues , which alone saved about $ 10 million on security staff . “ It 's based on threat level , ” Coteau said . “ If something did happen I 'm sure it would have cost more money . ”
The minister denied charges from the Progressive Conservatives that the security budget was inflated so the government could portray itself as a better financial manager . “ Absolutely not , ” Coteau told reporters . “ It was based on the best information the OPP and the integrated security unit had . ”
Transportation costs were roughly one-third lower than planned , at $ 38 million instead of the $ 61 million earmarked last spring , for a savings of $ 23 million . Officials said they cut back on planned road restrictions and advertising to alert Greater Toronto and Hamilton residents of traffic and other disruptions because the public message of planning to avoid traffic jams and using high-occupancy vehicle lanes was well-received and taken to heart .
Article Continued Below
That also meant the Pan Am transportation system for athletes and staff went smoothly , limiting the need for extra transit services getting people to and from venues . None of the dollar figures provided by Pan Am officials are audited and bills from suppliers are still coming in , but Coteau said he 's “ confident ” the financial picture wo n't change . Audited financial statements will not be available until next spring . The positive results mean executives will pocket bonuses of up to 100 per cent of their salary , including TO2015 CEO Saad Rafi , a seconded deputy minister , who will receive a $ 428,794 payout . In all , about $ 6 million has been earmarked for the performance bonuses , which would not have been paid if the Games had not come in on time and on budget . “ I still have a big problem with a budget bonus for somebody that shows up for work , ” said Progressive Conservative MPP Steve Clark . Clark , who has asked provincial auditor general Bonnie Lysyk to probe the Games in a review expected next month , said he 's suspicious of the savings Coteau trumpeted . “ There 's been a lot of play in this budget ... a lot of contingencies , ” said the Leeds-Grenville MPP , adding “ we did n't have the threat we had on Parliament Hill , thank God. ” That was a reference to the shooting in Ottawa last fall by Michael Zehaf-Bibeau , who was felled in a hail of 56 bullets after killing Cpl . Nathan Cirillo at the National War Memorial . NDP MPP Paul Miller ( Hamilton-Stoney Creek ) questioned the value of hosting the second-tier Pan Am Games , noting that “ the costs were 10 times the revenue. ” “ An Olympic game certainly has bigger revenues and worldwide coverage , and the revenue coming to Olympic sport venues is a lot larger , ” said Miller . Although ticket sales were initially slow , once the Games began there was a flurry of buying and 81 per cent , or 1.14 million of 1.4 million , available tickets were snapped up , generating revenue of just under $ 36 million . One key legacy is the new Canary District neighbourhood surrounding the athletes ' village in the West Donlands , where dorms are being converted into condos and are 80 per cent sold . Those profits go to the developer that built the units , which have served as an anchor for other new buildings and services in the area . “ It 's a game changer for Toronto , ” said Coteau . “ It 's a new neighbourhood . More at thestar.com Auditor general to scrutinize cost of Pan Am Games Affordable housing wait list nearly quadruple number of spaces in Pan Am village What 's next for the big Pan Am venues
How in heck did Armistice Day become Veterans Day ? Established by Congress in 1926 to `` perpetuate peace through good will and mutual understanding between nations , ( and later ) a day dedicated to the cause of world peace , '' Armistice Day was widely recognized for almost 30 years . As part of that , many churches rang their bells on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month – the hour in 1918 that the guns fell silent on the Western Front by which time 16 million had died in the horror of World War I .
To be blunt about it , in 1954 Armistice Day was hijacked by a militaristic US congress and renamed Veterans Day . Today few Americans understand the original purpose of Armistice Day , or even remember it . The message of peace seeking has been all but erased . Worst of all , Veterans Day has devolved into a hyper-nationalistic quasi-religious celebration of war and the putatively valiant warriors who wage it . We no longer have a national day to recognize or reflect upon international peace .
And the identification of warriors as heroes is pretty shaky too . If you are a veteran , and honest about it , you will admit that most of what goes on during wartime is decidedly unheroic , and actual heroes in war are very few and far between .
I have to tell you that when I was in Vietnam , I was no hero , and I did not witness a single act of heroism during the year I spent there , first as a U.S. Army private and then as a sergeant . Yes , there was heroism in the Vietnam War . On both sides of the conflict there were notable acts of self-sacrifice and bravery . Troops in my unit wondered how the North Vietnamese troops could persevere for years in the face of daunting US firepower . US medical corpsmen performed incredible acts of valor rescuing the wounded under fire .
But I also witnessed a considerable amount of bad behavior , some of it my own . Among US troops racism against any and all Vietnamese was endemic . There were countless incidents of disrespect and abuse of Vietnamese civilians , and a large number of truly awful war crimes . Most unheroic of all were the US military and civilian leaders who planned , orchestrated , and profited greatly from that utterly avoidable war . I should have taken action to resist the war while still on active duty , but I did not .
The cold truth is that the US invasion and occupation of Vietnam had nothing to do with protecting American peace and freedom . On the contrary , the Vietnam War was fought to forestall Vietnamese independence , not defend it ; it bitterly divided the American people .
Unfortunately , Vietnam was n't an isolated example of an unjust conflict . Many American wars – including the 1846 Mexican-American War , the Spanish-American War in 1898 , and the Iraq War ( this list is by no means exhaustive ) – were waged under false pretexts against countries that did n't threaten the United States . It 's hard to see how , if a war is unjust , it can be heroic to wage it .
But if the vast majority of wars are not fought for noble reasons , and few soldiers are heroic , have there been any actual heroes out there defending peace and freedom ? And if so , who are they ? Well , there are many , from Jesus down to the present . I 'd put Gandhi , Tolstoy , and Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. on the list along with many Quakers and Mennonites . And do n't forget General Smedley Butler , who wrote that `` War is a Racket '' .
In Vietnam , Warrant Officer Hugh Thompson stopped the My Lai massacre from being even worse .
Another candidate is former US Army specialist Josh Stieber who sent this message to the people of Iraq : `` Our heavy hearts still hold hope that we can restore inside our country the acknowledgment of your humanity , that we were taught to deny . '' We were honored to be able to host Josh in our home as they walked across the US on a mission of peace while giving away the money they had earned in the military as partial atonement for their role in a thoroughly unjust war .
And how about Chelsea Manning who spent seven years behind bars for exposing more truths about the Iraq war ? The real heroes are those who resist war and militarism , often at great personal cost . And now the Harvard fellows include apologists and organizers of torture , but not a whistleblower for peace . Go figure .
Because militarism has been around for such a long time , at least since Gilgamesh came up with their protection racket in Sumeria going on 5,000 years ago , people argue that it will always be with us .
But many also thought that slavery and the subjugation of women would last forever , and they 're being proven wrong . We understand that while militarism will not disappear overnight , disappear it must if we are to avoid economic as well as moral bankruptcy – not to mention the extinction of our species .
As Civil War General W.T . Sherman said at West Point , `` I confess without shame that I am tired and sick of war . '' We 're with you , bro .
This year on November 11th , Veterans For Peace will bring back the original Armistice Day traditions . Join them and let those bells ring out .
Arnold `` Skip '' Oliver syndicated by PeaceVoice , and is Professor Emeritus of Political Science at Heidelberg University in Tiffin , Ohio . A Vietnam veteran , they belong to Veterans For Peace , and can be reached at soliver @ heidelberg.edu .
Read more by Arnold Oliver
Image caption One person said the parakeet was the only one to watch TV as it calmed them
Affairs , naughty children and sun allergies have all been offered as excuses for not paying a TV licence .
TV Licensing has also been told that a parakeet was the only one to watch TV in the house , and that wedding plans took priority over paying the licence .
The agency said it had caught more than 256,000 people watching TV without a licence so far in 2011 .
A colour TV licence costs £145.50 , and a fine of up to £1,000 is possible for non-payment .
The top 10 excuses as defined by TV Licensing were :
`` Since I had a bit of a fling with the mail carrier I have n't been receiving my mail so I did n't get my TV licence reminder . ''
`` No-one watches TV apart from the parakeet . It calms them down and stops them ripping out their feathers . ''
`` I went to the PayPoint to pay for my licence , but I had to leave before I could pay as my kids were stealing sweets and I had to get them out fast . ''
`` My Payment Card fell in the toaster so I had to iron it and now the PayPoint machine wo n't accept it . ''
`` I ca n't afford a TV licence now as the repayments on my brand-new car are cleaning me out ! ''
`` I never got the reminders because my two-year-old hides all my post in their toy box '' .
`` I would have to sell my TV to pay for a licence so I ca n't do that . ''
`` I do n't need a TV licence , I already pay for my electricity bill . ''
`` I 'm getting married and am too busy picking flowers , colours and things to buy a TV licence . ''
`` I can not go out to buy a licence because I am allergic to the sun . ''
The excuses were given to TV Licensing 's inquiry officers and call centres by people who should have a TV licence .
It is a legal requirement to have a licence if you watch or record TV at the same time as it is broadcast .
A TV Licensing spokesperson said : `` Some evaders are very inventive with their excuses which can be quite entertaining . But the point is that watching or recording live TV without a licence is against the law .
`` In fairness to the honest majority of people who pay the fee , we will prosecute those who try to avoid it . ''
Letters of Marque and Reprisal
Letters of marque and reprisal are commissions or warrants issued to someone to commit what would otherwise be acts of piracy . They will normally contain the following first three elements , unless they imply or refer to a declaration of war to define the enemies , and may optionally contain the remainder :
Names person , authorizes them to pass beyond borders with forces under their command . Specifies nationality of targets for action . Authorizes seizure or destruction of assets or personnel of target nationality . Describes offense for which commission is issued as reprisal . Restriction on time , manner , place , or amount of reprisal .
Many of these documents were taken , with permission , from the Isle of Tortuga site , which is about piracy and letters of marque . Here is a link to our local copy of their Letters of Marque page .
The U.S. Constitution provides , Article I , Sec . 8 cl . 11 :
The Congress shall have Power ... To declare War , grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal , and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water ;
The following are some examples of letters of marque and reprisal , with the attributes above indicated for each :
Links Year Issuing Authority Target Nation 1 2 3 4 5 Comment 1205 England Any enemies X X Implied against nations in a declared state of war . 1325 Holland England , Scotland X X X 1400 England Scotland X X X 1404 England Any enemies X X Implied against nations in a declared state of war . 1405 England Any enemies X X Implied against nations in a declared state of war . 1411 England France X X X X X Value not to exceed 5250 marks . 1413 England Genoa X X X X X Value not to exceed 10,000 £ . 1543 England Any enemies ( Scotland , France ) X X Implied against nations in a declared state of war . Granted to all citizens . 1606 Belgium ? X X 1625 England Spain X X Issued to all merchants and some others granted letters of reprisal . 1626 Scotland Spain X X X 1626 Dutch West India Company ? X X The Dutch West India Company acted as an instrument of the sovereign . 1629 Holland ? X X 1652 Holland England X X X 1653 Dutch West India Company ? X X 1669 France Spain X X X 1670 England Spain X X X X 1675 Dutch West India Company ? X X 1688 Holland ? X X 1693 France England , Scotland X X X 1695 France England , Holland X X X 1695 England France X X X To William Kidd . 1702 Holland ? X X 1703 England France , Spain X X X X For 6 months . 1709 Holland ? X X 1729 Spain X X Against pirates , smugglers . 1738 Holland ? X X 1799 British Colonial authority Any enemies ( France , Spain ) X X Implied against nations in a declared state of war . 1812 United States Britain X X X Issued by President under Act of Congress . 1812 United States Britain X X X Issued by President under Act of Congress .
In December 1941 and the first months of 1942 , the Goodyear blimp Resolute was operated as an anti-submarine privateer based out of Los Angeles . As the only US craft to operate under a Letter of Marque since the War of 1812 , the Resolute , armed with a rifle and flown by its civilian crew , patrolled the seas for submarines . See Shock , James R. , Smith , David R. , The Goodyear Airships , Bloomington , Illinois , Airship International Press , 2002 , pg . 43 , ISBN 0-9711637-0-7
See also :
Letters of marque and reprisal — Blog article .
Thanks
Our Proud Donator .
TORONTO — After months of uncertainty , the future of the Toronto Argonauts is starting to look brighter .
Bell and MLSE chairperson Larry Tanenbaum announced Wednesday that they have purchased the CFL team and will relocate it to BMO Field . The team can start play at the lakefront soccer stadium as early as next season , pending renovations to accommodate football .
The Argos currently play at Rogers Centre , home of the Toronto Blue Jays . Their lease at the domed stadium runs through the 2017 season , but can be terminated earlier .
Rogers , which owns the stadium and the Blue Jays , plans to install a grass playing surface and has told the Argos their Rogers Centre lease will not be renewed .
The announcement caps roughly a year of talks between Argos owner David Braley and Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment .
Absent from the deal is Rogers Communications , which is part of the MLSE ownership group with Bell and Tanenbaum . Rogers was reportedly not interested in acquiring the 142-year-old franchise , likely because it has no ties to the CFL while Bell has a vested interest in the league through its broadcast affiliate TSN .
Fans have long complained about the lack of atmosphere at Rogers Centre , where Toronto averaged under 20,000 spectators last year in a stadium that can hold over 50,000 fans for football . Also , the Argos have found it difficult to secure decent home dates because of stiff competition from baseball and special events .
In a glaring example of the Argos ' difficulties at Rogers Centre , the team has been forced to schedule it 's home opener this season against Edmonton in Fort McMurray , Alta. , due to conflicts with the 2015 Pan Am Games and the Blue Jays .
Rape Culture Hysteria : Fixing the Damage Done to Men and Women
The George Bush Presidential Library Share This :
The Alberto Gonzales Room , where you wo n't be able to remember anything .
The Texas Air National Guard Room , where you do n't even have to show up .
The Walter Reed Hospital Room , where they do n't let you in .
The Guantanamo Bay Room , where they do n't let you out .
The Weapons of Mass Destruction Room , which no one has been able to find .
The National Debt room which is huge and has no ceiling .
The 'Tax Cut ' Room with entry only to the wealthy .
The 'Economy Room ' which is in the toilet .
The Iraq War Room . After you complete your first tour , they make you go back for a second , third , fourth , and sometimes fifth tour .
The Dick Cheney Room , in the famous undisclosed location , complete with shotgun gallery .
The Environmental Conservation Room , still empty .
The Supremes Gift Shop , where you can buy an election .
The Airport Men 's Room , where you can meet some of your favorite Republican Senators .
The 'Decider Room ' complete with dart board , magic 8-ball , Ouija board , dice , coins , and straws .
The museum will have an electron microscope to help you locate the President 's accomplishments .
Admission : Republicans - free ; Democrats - $ 1000 or 3 Euros Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
The Hurricane Katrina Room , which is still under construction.The Alberto Gonzales Room , where you wo n't be able to remember anything.The Texas Air National Guard Room , where you do n't even have to show up.The Walter Reed Hospital Room , where they do n't let you in.The Guantanamo Bay Room , where they do n't let you out.The Weapons of Mass Destruction Room , which no one has been able to find.The National Debt room which is huge and has no ceiling.The 'Tax Cut ' Room with entry only to the wealthy.The 'Economy Room ' which is in the toilet.The Iraq War Room . After you complete your first tour , they make you go back for a second , third , fourth , and sometimes fifth tour.The Dick Cheney Room , in the famous undisclosed location , complete with shotgun gallery.The Environmental Conservation Room , still empty.The Supremes Gift Shop , where you can buy an election.The Airport Men 's Room , where you can meet some of your favorite Republican Senators.The 'Decider Room ' complete with dart board , magic 8-ball , Ouija board , dice , coins , and straws.The museum will have an electron microscope to help you locate the President 's accomplishments.Admission : Republicans - free ; Democrats - $ 1000 or 3 Euros Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Wednesday 23 July 2008 - 15:56:42 - Permalink Humor ( making its way around the Net and emails ) . The George W Bush Presidential Library is now in the planning stages . The Library will include :
We 're still almost six months out from its launch , but already we 've got our hands on Ghost Recon Wildlands closed Technical Test system requirements . The stress testing is going on behind closed doors , although this is the perfect opportunity to judge just what hardware you 're going to need to run Tom Clancy 's Ghost Recon Wildlands at recommended or minimum graphics settings .
Ghost Recon Wildlands Minimum System Requirements
OS : Windows 7 64-bit
Windows 7 64-bit CPU : Intel Core i5-2400S 3.3 GHz or AMD FX-4350 4.0 GHz
Intel Core i5-2400S 3.3 GHz or AMD FX-4350 4.0 GHz RAM : 4 GB System Memory
GB System Memory GPU RAM : 2GB Video Memory
2GB Video Memory GPU : Nvidia GeForce GTX 660 or AMD Radeon R7 260X
Nvidia GeForce GTX 660 or AMD Radeon R7 260X DX : DirectX 11
Ghost Recon Wildlands Recommended System Requirements
OS : Windows 10 64-bit
Windows 10 64-bit CPU : Intel Core i7-3770 3.5 GHz or AMD FX-8350 4.0 GHz
Intel Core i7-3770 3.5 GHz or AMD FX-8350 4.0 GHz RAM : 8 GB System Memory
8 GB System Memory GPU RAM : 4GB Video Memory
4GB Video Memory GPU : Nvidia GeForce GTX 970 or AMD Radeon R9 Fury
As far as AAA gaming goes this set of system requirements for Ghost Recon Wildlands is about as standard as it gets . The GeForce GTX 970 has become the de facto standard for a lot of recommended requirements , although I suspect the R9 Fury is a little on the high side . A Radeon R9 290X or possibly even an R9 290 should be plenty .
Likewise with the minimum video cards for Ghost Recon Wildlands . The GTX 660 is a common minimum spec and we saw it with Call of Duty : Infinite Warfare earlier today . Again , do n't be put off by the newer model R7 260X suggested , a Radeon HD 7850 and upwards should be fine .
Elsewhere RAM requirements are on the low end so most PC gamers should n't have an issue running Tom Clancy 's Wildlands as far as memory goes . CPU demands are a little on the high side but it 's to be expected in a game which has open environments which stretch off for miles . There 's a lot of legwork to be done by the CPU , so the faster the processor you can get your hands on the greater the draw distance and level of detail ( provided you have a capable enough graphics card to go with it .
One last thing , keep in mind these are requirements for the closed Technical Test so they are liable to change between now and Ghost Recon Wildland 's launch in March 2017 .
Ordinarily I 'd recommend you head to the Ghost Recon Wildlands game page and compare your rig to gauge performance but there are currently a few issues with updating system specs . This should be resolved by tomorrow and I 'll update .
Rideshare companies and supporters will receive a five-day grace period beginning March 1 , the date the ordinance was supposed to take effect , while Mayor Ivy Taylor , members of City Council , and staff finalize a revised ordinance that will ease the regulatory burden on transportation network companies .
“ We 've been having some meetings and talking about some of the requirements , ” Mayor Taylor said . “ We want to stay flexible , but still stay true to our original focus of public safety . ”
The ordinance approved in December is designed to regulate so-called TNCs , rideshare companies that connect drivers of personal vehicles to customers via a mobile application . San Antonio 's ordinance was one of the most restrictive in the nation and prompted Uber officials to announce a planned pullout from the city . The ordinance was heavily supported by the local taxi and limousine industry , and protested by many urbanites who have to rely on the highly popular services .
Uber and Lyft called the ordinance a “ barrier to the market . ”
Two council members , Ron Nirenberg ( D8 ) and Rey Saldaña ( D4 ) , voted against the ordinance in December .
Mayor Taylor released a statement Tuesday afternoon that outlines what they and the City 's working group sees as areas that the ordinance can be adjusted . At the top of that list is the “ gap period ” insurance requirement . The gap occurs when the mobile application is turned on by the driver , signaling availability to nearby customers seeking a ride , and when the driver actually accepts a fare-paying passenger . Under the ordinance , TNCs are required to maintain excess coverage of $ 200,000 even though they are passenger-free .
Click here to download Mayor Taylor 's statement .
“ At this time , it is not feasible to implement the insurance standards specified in the existing ordinance because products that provide drivers with the required ‘ gap ' coverage are not yet available in Texas , ” Taylor stated . “ I will ask my City Council colleagues to revisit the insurance requirements and delay the applicability of the gap coverage requirement until a conforming insurance product is available or the Texas Legislature takes action to set a statewide standard , whichever comes first . ”
Also under consideration :
Allowing the 10-point fingerprint check of rideshare drivers to serve as an “ in-person application ” instead of requiring them to drop off all materials themselves at City Hall .
Random drug testing instead of pre-employment screening .
Adjusting the English-language proficiency requirement language to clarify that TNCs may determine what level is appropriate .
Revisiting the fee and payment structures .
Clarifying what kind of usage data the City will require of TNCs .
“ It 's very fluid , up to now , these are some of the things that we 've talked about recommending the council at least consider ( revising ) , ” Taylor said .
The $ 160 annual permit fee , for instance , could be lowered if a revision means the City can dedicate fewer staff resources to processing TNC drivers . In Austin and Houston , the fee is substantially less , “ because in those cities they have an agreement where a percentage of gross revenue is supposed to be paid to the city , ” Taylor said . “ From a public policy perspective … do we want to be chasing down that ( revenue ) number from the companies ? ”
This list of considerations would check off several regulations that rideshare companies Lyft and Uber have pointed to as onerous , but not all .
( Read more : Uber , Lyft Concerned With More Than Insurance )
Yellow Cab San Antonio President John Bouloubasis released a statement expressing disappointment that City Council would consider revising the existing ordinance .
“ Every day that TNCs are allowed to operate without basic , necessary insurance coverage , San Antonio passengers , drivers and visitors are at risk , ” stated Bouloubasis . “ It 's shocking to see our city government blink in the face of Uber 's high pressure lobbying tactics , and delay implementation of a fair , public-safety focused ordinance that creates a level playing field for all vehicles for hire . ”
Mayor Taylor will meet with each council member individually throughout this week and next to discuss the suggested recommendations . The earliest a revised ordinance could be brought to City Council for a vote would be March 5 .
“ Until then , the ordinance will not be enforced , ” they said .
“ I 've had meetings with taxi representatives in the past few weeks … they 're very wary of this whole new option , but frankly it 's not about protecting their industry , it 's about how can we as a Council provide the most applicable regulatory framework to a new industry in town , ” they said , adding that another look at the traditional vehicle for hire ordinances may be in the City 's future . “ We want to make sure we are fair in the way that we treat all of the industries . ”
It 's highly unusual for City Council to re-examine an ordinance even before it takes effect , but in this instance , Mayor Taylor and others on the council clearly have shown a sensitivity to public sentiment , and want to avoid any action that will characterize San Antonio as a city that is not open to new technologies and services in the marketplace . The debate over rideshare was seen by many as a litmus test for local government and whether it would embrace change essential to building a city more attractive to young professionals .
“ We are pleased to hear the Mayor recognizes the current ridesharing ordinance is unworkable . In addition to the insurance provisions , we remain concerned with the duplicative driver requirements that do little more than add bureaucratic red tape for part time drivers trying to use their own resources to earn extra money on the Uber platform , ” said Uber representative Debbee Hancock in an email . “ We hope the rest of the council will take a comprehensive review of this ordinance and repeal these regulations . ”
Related Stories :
City Crafting Alternative Rideshare Ordinance
MADD : San Antonio is Safer With Rideshare
Not Okay With Just Okay : Rideshare and Innovation in San Antonio
City Crafting Alternative Rideshare Ordinance
Uber to Leave San Antonio , Lyft on the Fence
USAA Offers Rideshare Insurance in Colorado
0 0 0 11 0
Many IT administrators or virtualization guys run their homelabs at home . It is a good way to learn new technologies , be able to break things in a lab to get stronger skills .
It is sometimes a challenge , to squeeze as much RAM as possible from it . The main challenge is always a memory utilization . VMware VMs are getting memory hungry all the time and they are not “ optimized ” for Homelab use , but rather for production environments . Yes , it is the main purpose of those VMs after all .
One of the large VMs , but most critical , is VMware vCenter Server Appliance ( VCSA ) . This product is becoming very popular within VMware communities and it is very easy to setup . Today we will have a look if we can do some optimizations and some “ tweaks ” to make it less memory hungry .
Small disclaimer : You do that at your own risk , you wo n't get VMware support . Usual precautions ( snapshot , full backup…. ) . Especially take the time to do the backup if you are not strong Linux skilled admin or if you 're learning things out . This is a “ do n't do in production ” warning . You know what I mean .
Let 's get started . When deploying VMware VCSA 6.5 in a lab you pick the “ Tiny ” option from the drop-down menu , but still , this configuration takes 10Gb of RAM from your underlying whitebox . The “ Tiny ” deployment allows you to have up to 10 hosts and 100 VMs . This might be still quite “ overkill ” . We might manage to lower that a bit . Let 's see .
If you increase ( or decrease ) the VCSA 's Memory size , each of the services is adjusted automatically . But what we should have a look first is perhaps to stop services we do n't use as those services are using memory .
Which services are running within VCSA and which ones can we stop ?
There are some services which you might not actually use ? Do you use VMware vSAN ? If not , we can disable the vSAN health service .
Simply go to the VCSA console and Stop the vSAN Health Service :
# service vmware-vsan-health stop 1 # service vmware-vsan-health stop
Stopping Virtual SAN Health Service :
Disable the vSAN Health Service :
# chkconfig vmware-vsan-health off 1 # chkconfig vmware-vsan-health off
There are some services which can safely be stopped through the vSphere web client .
StarWind Virtual SAN eliminates any need for physical shared storage just by mirroring internal flash and storage resources between hypervisor servers . Furthermore , the solution can be run on the off-the-shelf hardware . Such design allows StarWind Virtual SAN to not only achieve high performance and efficient hardware utilization but also reduce operational and capital expenses . Learn more about ➡ StarWind Virtual SAN .
General services which can ( possibly ) be switched OFF .
Without much risk , you can stop services which you do n't use . You can also setup their startup type to “ manual ” to prevent those services to start when the VCSA starts .
Open the vSphere Web Client and navigate to Administration > Deployment > System Configuration > Services .
You can disable those services :
VMware Update Manager
VMware vSphere Profile Driven Storage Service
VMware vSAN health service
VMware content library service
VMware vCenter High availability
VMware vSphere ESXi dump collector
Figure 1 : Set service startup manual
To stop the service , you use the Stop button icon or simply Right-click the service > Stop . The service will be stopped in a few seconds . ( sometimes longer ) .
Make sure you stop only the services you do n't use as if you stop some vital service for vCenter , you might lose the UI and have to go into the CLI for starting the service up .
Figure 2 : Stop unneeded services
With those simple tweaks , we might be able to lower the VM memory size from 10Gb to 6 Gb . I know it seems to be a little , but on systems running several nested ESXi instances , or other VMs , it 's still good memory economies .
You can check the memory consumption via CLI . For this , you must connect via an SSH client such as putty ( if SSH is enabled on VCSA ) .
After connection , enter this command :
vimtop 1 vimtop
You 'll see the initial screen , which can be further personalized . You type “ h ” for help .
Figure 3 : VCSA appliance vimtop screen
Wrap up :
We have tested to lower the memory from 10Gb to 6Gb . You might be able to go even lower than that , but the stability of the product might get affected , there might be some heavy swapping etc .
The physical RAM in your server has the crucial value for Homelab ( and also enterprise ) installations . Whenever you get the chance get as much RAM as you can . While using older server hardware from eBay might be considered as a smart move at the beginning , very fast you 'll find out the limitations of 2-3 years or even older hardware .
Physical RAM is almost always exhausted first . You can always add more disk space or buy an SSD , but if your system 's motherboard has limited RAM slots , you wo n't be able to extend your RAM . Think about it before making the purchase .
If you 're building a Homelab today , I would recommend going for 128Gb of RAM ( or at least 64 Gb with a possibility to upgrade ) .
Other things to consider is also the cloud . You can run some VMs in Azure or on AWS if your company is willing to allocate some budget for your learning activities .
Related materials :
Views All-Time Views All Time 3 Views Today 24
Appreciate how useful this article was to you ? No Ratings Yet
No Ratings Yet
The HMS Warrior was one of 151 British warships in the North Sea on May 31 and June 1 , 1916 , when a German fleet of 99 warships attempted to break out from the British naval blockade of the German coast .
The wreck of the British warship HMS Warrior — the `` last shipwreck '' from the Battle of Jutland during World War I — has been discovered near Norway . The marine exploration team that found the shipwreck also recently located the wreck of a World War II-era British submarine in the same region .
The HMS Warrior is the last of the Jutland wrecks to be located , out of 14 British and 11 German warships that were sunk on May 31 and June 1 , 1916 , as the Imperial German High Seas Fleet tried to break out from the Royal Navy blockade of the North Sea .
`` It 's the only wreck left from the Battle of Jutland that we can categorically say is completely unspoiled , '' said Innes McCartney , a marine archeologist at Bournemouth University in the United Kingdom . [ See Photos of the Search for the WWI-Era HMS Warrior ]
`` It 's completely upside down , and it sank down into an area of very soft seabed , right to the level of the upper deck — so everything inside it is completely sealed in , ” McCartney told Live Science .
More than 250 warships took part in the Battle of Jutland , the largest naval engagement of World War I , and more than 8,500 men were killed , according to British and German wartime records .
McCartney said the HMS Warrior , an armored cruiser , was heavily damaged during the battle by gunfire from the German cruiser SMS Derfflinger , but it had attempted to make its way back to Britain .
A marine survey team located the wreck of the British warship HMS Warrior in Norwegian waters , 100 years after it sank from damage suffered during the Battle of Jutland , in 1916. Credit : Sea War Museum Jutland/JD-Contractor
When the ship 's engines failed , the Warrior was towed throughout the night by a British aircraft carrier , the HMS Engadine . By morning , however , the Warrior had filled with water , and it was abandoned after its surviving crew of around 700 were taken off , McCartney said .
They added that the final resting place of the Warrior was unknown until the wreck was discovered on Aug. 25 , using sonar scans and a remotely operated underwater vehicle ( ROV ) equipped with video cameras .
The Warrior is the second major shipwreck found in the area within a few months by McCartney and Danish marine exploration firm JD-Contractor AS , which operates the survey ship Vina . The survey is sponsored by the Sea War Museum Jutland at Thyboron in Denmark .
In March , the team reported the discovery of the wreck of the HMS Tarpon , a British submarine from World War II that sank with around 59 crewmembers aboard after a battle with an armed German merchant ship in 1940 .
`` The survey was initially aimed at Jutland , but there were 25 ships sunk in that battle , and we 've found 10 times that number , '' McCartney said . `` In the case of Tarpon , it was simply a matter that the direction that we left harbor took us past a potential location for this sub , so I requested we stop and do a survey there . And within about an hour or so we found it . '' [ Sunken Treasures : The Curious Science of 7 Famous Shipwrecks ]
Last week , a Danish TV channel broadcast live video from the wreck of the Tarpon as divers from the exploration team were visiting the site .
The submarine is now lying on the seafloor at a depth of about 130 feet ( 40 meters ) , located about 50 miles ( 80 kilometers ) off the north coast of Denmark .
McCartney said the sub had been heavily damaged by the depth charges that sank it 76 years ago , and that two of the submarine 's torpedo tubes are empty , which suggests the Tarpon had fired twice at the enemy ship .
Although the wrecks of the Tarpon and the Warrior are legally protected as war graves , McCartney said all war wrecks in the area are threatened by illegal salvage operators , who plunder them for the valuable metals inside .
They said the most valuable items are the bronze condensers that were used in many wartime ships ' engines , which are worth tens of thousands of dollars as bronze scrap when melted down .
`` We estimate that in the last 10 years , anything up to 1.5 million pounds worth of bronze has been ripped out of these [ Jutland ] wrecks , '' McCartney said . `` And the majority of those wrecks are also the graves of the sailors who died in the battle , and so it 's just wrong that they should be doing this . ''
McCartney said that salvaging naval vessels without permission from the owning navy is illegal under international law , but very little has been done to protect the wrecks .
`` There are millions of shipwrecks on the bottom of the ocean — it 's the world 's largest museum . And at the moment it 's being trashed just for a want of people standing up to their responsibilities , '' they said .
They said the authorities in Europe , in particular , should track salvage ships and monitor their whereabouts .
`` And when they 're stopping over wrecks that they 're not allowed to be on , then they need to be [ inspected ] when they get back into harbor , '' McCartney said .
Original article on Live Science .
AHEAD of their first meeting against their old side , new Bulldog Matthew Suckling has revealed a text message from an ex-teammate has given them a sneaky suspicion of what awaits them at Etihad Stadium on Sunday .
The 27-year-old is glad to get the initial encounter `` out of the way '' early in the season and suspects a life-long mate could be their opponent at the opening bounce .
`` Isaac Smith sent me a text with our magnets next to each other ( on the whiteboard ) , so hopefully that happens throughout the course of the night , '' Suckling told AFL.com.au .
`` ( There 's been ) a few sly comments here and there , and I 'm sure they 'll continue right up to the game .
`` It 's definitely a different week because I spent a lot of time ( at Hawthorn ) and formed a lot of great friendships , but I 'm on the other side now and I 'm looking forward to it . ''
While he 's also expecting a few boos from the brown and gold faithful after their free agency move to Whitten Oval , what 's caught them by surprise is the level of maturity of their young teammates .
A trait that Suckling believes will hold the ladder leaders in good stead against the reigning premiers .
`` I was n't quite sure ( their maturity ) would be at the level , but I 've been impressed on how they go about it , speak and understand the game , '' Suckling said .
`` There 's no better test than Hawthorn for as long as I can remember and we 're looking forward to that .
`` They 're a formidable side and very hard to stop .
`` I know their players pretty well , but there 's one thing knowing them and one thing to stop them . ''
With debate raging on whether a tag can negate the influence of Sam Mitchell , Suckling believes a defensive approach towards the prolific ball winner can work , but they worry about the ripple effect on a side that 's won the past three premierships .
`` I think they can definitely be tagged , but when that happens other players get off the chain and they can really dominate , '' Suckling said .
`` I 'm not sure ( of our approach towards Mitchell ) , but if we can curb them as a team , that would be good . ''
The man responsible for that decision is one of the main reasons Suckling finds themselves in red , white and blue .
Luke Beveridge had a major influence on them during three seasons as their backline coach at Hawthorn , and the playmaker was curious if a move into a top job had changed a man they respect enormously .
`` I always wondered if 'Bevo ' had changed , but he 's still the same character , '' Suckling said .
`` He loves all their people , would do anything for them and forms great relationships with everyone .
`` It was one of the reasons ( why I made the move to the Dogs ) so I could play under them because they were good to me while I was at Hawthorn .
`` He 's made it a lot easier to fit in . ''
Death does n't need to stop you from doing all the things you enjoy , as long as the things you enjoy are pretty basic . Certain bodily functions continue for minutes , hours , days , and even weeks after death . You will not believe the kind of things a dead body will do with its now-copious amount of time .
By the way , this post is not for the weak of stomach .
10 . Nail and hair growth ( by technicality )
This is a technical function , not an actual function . The body does n't produce more hair and nail tissue , but both of these things do 'grow , ' in the days after death . What actually happens is the skin loses moisture ( although cosmetics companies are probably hard at work making a cream for that ) and pulls back , exposing more hair and making nails seem longer . Since you do measure the length of hair and nails from the point where they meet the skin to the tip of the hair , the hair does 'grow ' .
Advertisement
9 . Brain activity ( with drugs )
One of the side effects of modern technology is a blurring of the time between life and death . The brain can be almost completely gone , but the heart can keep pumping . If the heart is stopped for a minute , there 's no breathing , and the person was dying anyway , most doctors just pronounce people dead while their brain is technically still alive for the next few minutes . The brain 's cells spend those minutes scrambling for the oxygen and nutrients they need to stay alive - to the point where they often damage themselves irreparably even if the heart starts up again . Those minutes before the damage is too extensive could be extended , with the right drugs and under the right circumstances , to days . Ideally , this would give doctors a chance to save you , but it 's not guaranteed . I know what most of you are thinking , `` What fun ! The biggest problem I had with dying is that it could be quick and painless , with no chance that my living brain is stuck inside a corpse for days on end . '' Well , now you do n't have to worry about that .
8 . Skin cell growth
This is another function of different parts of the body dying at different rates . While loss of blood circulation can kill the brain in minutes , other cells are not as in need of constant care . Skin cells , which are used to living on the outskirts of the body and grabbing what they can through osmosis , can stay alive for days . Its a good thing they do n't have brains , or I 'd feel sorry for them , the poor doomed things .
Advertisement
7 . Peeing
Peeing , we think , is a voluntary function . And we 're mostly right , except if something 's really funny . Not-peeing , though , is not a voluntary function . We never have to think about it , because a certain part of the brain is always in charge of it . This is the same part that 's involved in regulating a person 's breathing and heartbeat , which is one of the reasons people tend to pee involuntarily if they 're drunk . The part of the brain that keeps the urinary sphincter closed is inhibited . ( More alcohol will shut down the part that regulate breathing and heart function , which is one of the reasons too much alcohol is dangerous . ) Although rigor mortis stiffens the muscles , it does n't set in until hours after death . Just after death , muscles relax , causing people to urinate after death .
Advertisement
6 . Pooing
We all know that in times of stress the body eliminates waste , often in front of people or on camera . The body relaxes certain muscles and things just . . . progress . In the case of dead bodies , the whole thing is helped along by the gas that 's produced inside the body . This can happen hours after death . Hours . Considering fetuses can also poop in the womb ( it 's true ! ) , this may be both the first and last thing we do in life . Puts things in perspective , does n't it ?
5 . Digestion
It turns out that when you die , bot only are you expelling stuff , you 're actively making more . Or , at least , something is making more . We forget that we share our bodies with tons of other creatures , many of them beneficial . The bacteria inside your gut do n't die just because you do . While plenty of them are parasitic , some of them are great aids to digestion , and do part of the work for us . They keep right on chugging , even when we 're good and dead . Others eat into the lining of our intestines , making more of that gas that repulsed us all in section six , which pushes things along .
Advertisement
4 . Erections and Ejaculation
When the heart stops forcing the blood around the body , it pools in whatever area is lowest . Sometimes people die standing up and sometimes people die lying face down . I think everyone here has enough spatial reasoning to understand what kind of blood pooling that would encourage . Meanwhile , for all that talk of relaxing muscles after death , it does n't last forever . Certain types of muscle cells are activated by calcium ions . After activation , the cells expend energy putting the calcium ions back outside the cell . After death , the membranes become more permeable to calcium and the cells do n't expend as much energy to push the ions out , so the muscles contract . This does lead to rigor mortis and can lead to ejaculation . It 's real . It happens . Now let 's never think of it again .
Advertisement
3 . Muscle movement
Although the brain may die , other areas of the nervous system may still be active . Nurses report seeing reflex action , which involves nerves sending signals to the spinal cord and not the brain , leading to muscle twitches and spasms after death . Some even say they 've seen shallow chest movements after death . ( Although maybe the doctor fell down on the job for that one . )
2 . Vocalization
Our bodies are basically sacks of gas and goo supported by bones ( which are filled with yet more goo ) . Rotting happens when bacteria go to work and the proportion of the gas increases . Since we carry most bacteria inside our body , the gas builds up inside . We 've seen several ways it takes out . One of those ways is through the windpipe . Since rigor mortis stiffens all the muscles , including the ones that work the vocal cords , the combination leads to some very eerie sounds coming from dead bodies . People hear moans , groans , and squeaks coming from the dead , although why they stay around to confirm that the bodies making them are truly dead instead of peeing on the floor and running for their lives is beyond me .
Advertisement
1 . Giving birth
Oh . Holy . Hell . No Twilight scene could be worse than this . Back in the day when people dropped like flies , a number of women died while pregnant , and sometimes in times that were too cold to give them a burial . This gave rise to a charming little term called 'coffin birth . ' The gases building up inside a body , combined with the softening flesh , were said to cause the body to expel the fetus . These events were rare , and caused a lot of rumors , but were documented in times before proper embalming and quick burial . It sounds like the kind of thing out of an Edgar Allen Poe book , but it did happen . And it 's yet another reason to be happy that we live in the modern world .
Enjoy your leftover turkey . Try not to think about what it might have done after it died .
Advertisement
Via How Stuff Works , Clean Up Blog , Time , 2 Spare , About.com , and All Nurses .
Images via Unwinnable and Horror Movies
A caricaturist who used to work for the Charlie Hebdo magazine said they have sued for libel the French-Jewish philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy , who had accused them of anti-Semitism .
Maurice Sinet , better known by their pen name Sine , announced the lawsuit on Monday on their website , urging readers to show their support in a petition and “ return honor to all those whom this person has spit on. ” The petition has received more than 700 signatures since it was posted .
Levy , who is one of France 's best-known philosophers , wrote in a column that appeared in the Le Point magazine in January that Sine is “ a former employee of Charlie Hebdo who was kicked out for their anti-Semitism and racism . ”
In 2008 , Sine published in Charlie Hebdo a text which implied that Jean Sarkozy , the son of former president Nicolas Sarkozy , was able to avoid blame for a vehicular accident because they plan to convert to Judaism and marry a rich Jewish woman — all unfounded claims that that the caricaturist later said were satirical .
A French court that year ordered a motorist who sued Jean Sarkozy to pay $ 2,300 for filing a false claim .
Amid a controversy that reverberated for months through France 's literary circles , media and courts , Sine 's employment at Charlie Hebdo – a left-leaning publication known for its lampooning of religion — was terminated after more than two decades .
The magazine , which last year was targeted by Islamists who killed 12 people at its offices , cited threats of legal action against it , and the targeting of an individual person for their ties to Judaism as the reason for the dismissal .
LICRA , a French anti-racism group , sued Sine in 2009 for incitement to hate over the text but lost the case on freedom of expression grounds . The Correction Tribunal of Lyon , however , said Sine 's text “ conflated Jews with money and therefore can be seen to invoke an anti-Semitic element . ”
Levy told AFP that Sine “ can say what they want and start all the lawsuits in the world . Nothing will erase the shame of their statements in 2008 . ”
This story `` Charlie Hebdo Cartoonist Sues Bernard-Henri Levy Over 'Anti-Semitic ' Jibe '' was written by JTA .
Image copyright Reuters
Ukraine has not paid off any of its debt to Gazprom despite a deadline for the nation to start reducing its debt by midnight ( Moscow time ) on Monday .
A Gazprom spokesperson told Reuters : `` There have been zero payments from Ukraine . ''
Ukraine owes Gazprom $ 2.2bn ( £1.3bn ) for supplies of natural gas .
Gazprom did not say what action it would take if Ukraine failed to pay . The nation has missed previous deadlines without punishment .
However , in recent years disputes over the price of gas have seen Gazprom cut off supplies to Ukraine .
That happened during the winters of 2005 and 2008 .
'Economic aggression '
With the severe deterioration in relations between Russia and Ukraine , the issue of Ukraine 's gas supply is again a big political issue .
Over the weekend , Ukraine rejected moves by Russia to almost double the price of Russian gas supplies to the country and threatened legal action .
Ukraine 's interim PM , Arseniy Yatsenyuk , said Moscow 's hikes were a form of `` economic aggression '' .
Their energy minister said Ukraine would try to negotiate a gas deal , but warned that if talks failed Ukrainians should prepare for Russia to cut off supplies .
Moscow says the price change is due to Kiev 's failure to pay its bills .
Russia 's state-controlled company Gazprom has raised the cost of gas to Ukraine by 81 % to $ 485.50 ( £292.86 , 354.33 euros ) from $ 268.50 for 1,000 cubic metres .
Ukraine is holding emergency talks with western nations to find alternative supplies of gas .
ISIS wants to establish ' a caliphate , a kingdom that would comprise Indonesia , Philippines , Malaysia and Brunei , ' says the Philippine President
Published 7:30 PM , December 07 , 2016
MANILA , Philippines – President Rodrigo Duterte warned that the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) plans to establish a caliphate encompassing the Philippines and other Southeast Asian countries .
`` Yung mga ISIS diyan ngayon , mga extremists they 're fighting it out in Aleppo and Mosul in Syria and Iraq . Once mawalan ng landbase 'yan , paatras nang paatras sa dagat , magsibatan na 'yan , and they have this dream of a caliphate , a kingdom that would comprise Indonesia , Philippines , Malaysia and Brunei , '' said Duterte on Wednesday , December 7 .
( The ISIS , the extremists , they 're fighting it out in Alepoo and Mosul in Syria and Iraq . Once they lose a landbase and move back close to the sea , they will leave , and they have this dream of a caliphate , a kingdom that would comprise Indonesia , Philippines , Malaysia and Brunei . )
The President was giving a speech at the Urban Poor Solidarity Week celebration in Mandaluyong City .
Because of this threat , Duterte said their next priority will be to crack down on terrorism .
`` The next adventure I will embark on is terrorism . Be prepared for that ... 'Yan ang kinatatakutan ko ( That is what I 'm afraid of ) , '' said the President .
An exclusive Rappler report showed that ISIS may have plans to establish a wilayat or province of a caliphate in Mindanao . It would be the first recognized satellite extension of the caliphate in Southeast Asia .
Local terrorist groups like the Maute group and Abu Sayyaf have pledged allegiance to ISIS . There have been recent terror incidents like the September Davao City bombing , occupation of a Lanao del Sur town by the Maute group , and attempt to plant a bomb near the US embassy in Manila .
Terror incidents led Duterte to declare a state of national emergency and the Philippine National Police to put themselves under terror alert level 3 .
Duterte repeated their observation that the supply of drugs seems to be decreasing due to their administration 's campaign against illegal drugs . But this does not mean they will be complacent .
`` Itong droga pa-kaunti na lang . Pero hind ibig sabihin na it is watering down that I would not – sabi ko nga , hanggang [ huling ] araw ng aking pagka presidente , yayariin ko talaga kayo , '' they said , addressing drug lords and pushers .
( The drug supply is being lessened . But that does not mean , just because it is watering down that I would not – as I said , until the last day of my presidency , I will go after you . )
`` Why ? Because you destroyed my country . It is not a matter of shabu for me . Sinira niyo ang bayan ko ( You destroyed my country ) , '' Duterte added .
Duterte warned about terrorism on the day the Philippine military welcomed a new leader . Later that day , army commander Lt General Eduardo Año was named new Armed Forces of the Philippines chief of staff . – Rappler.com
Concrete , or cinder block , is an inexpensive building material for the garden . Easily picked up at your local home improvement store , with a little creativity you can use it to create garden hardscaping that will last . It combines well with other elements such as wood , and is easy for even the beginning DIY'er to work with . We picked 5 ways to use cinder blocks in the garden to share with you ! What are five ways to use it in the garden ?
Planters • Steps • Fire Pit • Furniture • Privacy Wall – Let 's get inspired !
Cinder Blocks in the Garden
DIY Cinder Block Planters
From ‘ J Peterson Garden Design ‘ , this cinder block succulent planter is a scaled down ( read : easier ) version of a planter that made it 's way across the internet last year . We understand the appeal , we created our own mini version of this with our DIY cinder block vertical planter . But we love the large scale this project is done on , and the steps are easy !
Here is another version of a cinder block succulent planter by ‘ Zack Benson Photography ‘ …
Making Steps with Cinder Blocks
From ‘ Step by Step ‘ , these DIY concrete block stairs are so much better than using wood… they wo n't rot away in a couple years ! I like the idea of planting them with a stepable ground cover… Really complete tutorial with TONS of step by step pics…
Another example , this inspirational photo of concrete block steps is from ‘ Sustainable Urban Living ‘ … Love how they just seamlessly merge into the side of the hill !
Cinder Block Fire Pit
What is nature , and therefore a garden , without fire ? Fire is a necessary element in the world of nature and should be respected in the garden . Many trees can not even release their seeds without the heat of a fire . This simple DIY cinder block fire pit by ‘ Must Add Fabric Softener ‘ is another good example of the simplicity of using concrete block . And for all of you who have heard these fire pits are dangerous , read their take on this on their post… which we happen to agree with .
This easy DIY cinder block fire pit was done by ‘ The Dirty Loft ‘ , and they also address the “ concrete block will explode ” controversy… BTW… Lowe 's themselves list these blocks as fire resistant .
Cinder Block Furniture
This DIY cinder block bench was created by ‘ Decoist ‘ during their front porch makeover , and has a complete tutorial . They also show several different variations of adding the planter sections .
From a Pinterest user , this cinder block bench follows the same principles…
Another Pinterest find , this bench incorporates stacked cinder block . You can use exterior landscaping adhesive to secure the concrete blocks together if you wish .
This cinder block potting bench is a great idea , and is a much more stylish version of college bookshelves !
Cinder Block Privacy Wall
From ‘ The Info Mine ‘ , I love the Southwest look of this DIY cinder block planter wall… They used ‘ Deck Restore ' to seal and add the color .
Here is the unpainted version of their cinder block wall .
This inspirational photo from ‘ Houzz ‘ shows you that even in an upscale design , like with this Eichler home , cinder block is a great building material !
We love these 5 Ways to Use Cinder Blocks in the Garden ! If you are inspired by cinder block projects , we think you will also love our very own DIY Cinder Block Planter . Also try our post on DIY Concrete Globes for the Garden !
Blunt warnings about the fate of the North America Free Trade Agreement suggest Canada needs to prepare for a world without the trade pact .
`` This thing is going into the toilet , '' said Jerry Dias , the head of UNIFOR , Canada 's largest private sector union .
Dias said it is clear the Americans are not looking to reach an agreement , and they scoffed at the idea of negotiations being completed before the end of the year .
`` We are going to have to start having serious conversations about life after NAFTA , '' Dias said .
The stark assessment comes in the middle of the fourth round of NAFTA talks — negotiators from Canada , the U.S. and Mexico are meeting behind closed doors at a hotel in suburban Virginia , just outside of Washington .
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau acknowledged yesterday that the NAFTA renegotiation process has been difficult , following their meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House .
Trudeau was looking for reassurance from Trump over the importance of trade with Canada , but instead Trump mused about killing the three-country pact in favour of a bilateral trade agreement with Canada .
Trudeau takes part in a roundtable discussion with civil society leaders in Mexico City . ( Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press )
Speaking in Mexico , where they held a joint media event with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto late Thursday , Trudeau said improving NAFTA was the best way to improve the lives of North Americans .
Pena Nieto said what was important was happening at the negotiating table and everything else was `` speculation . ''
Trudeau also said that despite the unpredictability of the negotiating process and surprising decisions made by the U.S. administration , Canada would remain at the table .
`` We will continue to take seriously the work we do and we will not be walking away from the table based on proposals put forward , '' Trudeau said . `` We will discuss those proposals , we will counter those proposals , and we will take seriously these negotiations . ''
Growing pessimism
Trump 's threats are being taken seriously by members of the government 's NAFTA advisory panel , including former Conservative cabinet minister James Moore .
`` I think it 's a real threat and the odds are even , frankly , that it may happen , '' Moore told CBC News Network 's Power & Politics .
`` If you look at President Trump , if you look at the sweep of what he 's done so far as president , he 's had very little success at proactively gaining things , but he 's had an actual success at taking things down , '' Moore said .
Trump 's threats to kill the deal are more than just discouraging , said NDP trade critic Tracey Ramsey .
`` It confirmed the fact that the U.S. are n't in negotiations in good faith , '' Ramsey said during a phone interview with CBC News .
They also suggested that Canada may be wasting its time and resources trying to renegotiate a deal when the U.S. is n't convinced it can be saved .
`` I 'm concerned that this is all for some type of show . When we hear the president , sitting next to the prime minister , say that they are n't confident that we can get a deal , it reinforces that , '' they said .
Canada will survive : Dias
Conservative foreign affairs critic Erin O'Toole said that saving NAFTA is in the U.S. 's national interest — with nine million jobs in that country depending on the trade pact — but they remain concerned .
`` I 'm more worried now than I was before the visit by the prime minister , '' said O'Toole .
`` While it seems [ Trudeau ] has a good personal relationship with the president , each week … NAFTA appears more at risk than ever , '' O'Toole said .
Despite the negative statements and lack of progress , Dias said Canada will survive if the trade deal does not .
`` We have a heck of a lot to offer the global scale … we are a nation that 's rich in natural resources and raw materials , '' Dias said . `` Canada 's not shooting from a position of weakness here at all . ''
While there are big legal questions about what could happen if the U.S. terminates NAFTA , Canadian officials suggest trading rules would fall back to the original Canada-U.S. free trade agreement , negotiated in the late 1980s .
If that happens , Canadian officials suggest that free trade agreement would also have to be modernized , meaning new trading talks would be needed .
Thousands of names from Northern California used in fake FCC comments
Now Playing :
SACRAMENTO , Calif. ( KCRA ) — More than 3,000 comments using Sacramento residents ' names and addresses were submitted to the Federal Communications Commission encouraging the agency to repeal net neutrality regulations , a KCRA 3 Investigation found .
All those comments were fake . More than 1 million fake comments were made in the names of people from across the country .
One of the fake comments used the name of an inmate and the address of a Sacramento County jail . Others included names of a retired state employee , an administrative assistant at a downtown firm and a nonexistent employee of a landmark Sacramento restaurant .
Was your name used ? Find out here .
Jimmy Garlin never thought their name would end up in the middle of a national controversy .
`` Jimmy Garlin , OK , that 's me , '' Garlin said as they looked over a printout of the comment with their name and address .
The seven-line statement asks the FCC to repeal Obama Administration internet regulations . Below is the text of the comment filed with the FCC using Garlin 's identity :
`` Before leaving office , the Obama Administration rammed through a massive scheme that gave the federal government broad regulatory control over the internet . That misguided policy decision is threatening innovation and hurting broadband investment in one of the largest and most important sectors of the U.S. economy . I support the Federal Communications Commission 's decision to roll back Title II and allow for free market principles to guide our digital economy . ''
`` I did not write that . I did not write that , '' Garlin said . `` Those are too big of words . ''
Their name and more than 100,000 other Californians ' names were attached to an identical paragraph asking the FCC to make controversial changes to internet regulations .
Garlin said they are n't even sure what net neutrality was and would not have sent the FCC a comment on the regulations .
A search on the FCC 's website for form letter comments purportedly submitted by residents of San Francisco , attached to the above statement , yields a similar number of results : 2,345 . Another 1,096 filings are tied to names of residents in Oakland , and 2,762 comments came from names of people in San Jose . All together , over 113,000 form letter filings sent to the FCC feature names of California residents , all bearing this above message . One editor with SFGATE , for example , found that without their knowledge , their name had been attached this statement advocating for the repeal of net neutrality in a comment sent to the FCC .
Michael Hammond , a Sacramento County Jail inmate , was also listed among those who wrote the FCC .
`` I do n't follow all the politics , '' Hammond said from the Rio Cosumnes Correctional Center , where they are serving time for auto theft . `` No sir , I do not know what net neutrality is . ''
They were in custody when the comment was sent to the FCC .
`` Which is weird because I 've been here for a couple of months , and I definitely do n't have access to internet here , '' Hammond added .
Report it : File a complaint here if your name was used .
The address of John Khoshcar 's auto repair business in downtown Sacramento was roped into the mix too . But , they said they did n't know who would have used their business address to send a comment to the FCC .
`` Now you got to buy a service for protecting your identity . This is what 's going on , '' Khoshcar said . `` I do n't know where the law enforcement is . I do n't know where the FCC is . I do n't know where the government is . ''
The form letter detailed in this story is just one example ; findings suggest there may be more than a dozen different variations of comments being sent to the FCC from bots .
California Attorney General Xavier Beccerra asked the FCC to delay the vote , citing the number of known fake comments . They were one of 17 attorneys general that signed a letter to the FCC , calling the fake comments identity theft on a massive scale .
`` At the California Department of Justice , we take seriously any and all allegations concerning the fraudulent usage of people 's identities . We urge Californians to check whether they have been impacted , '' the attorney general 's office said in a statement .
Rep. Doris Matsui , D-Sacramento , said in a statement Thursday they are concerned by the reports of fake comments .
`` Ensuring the integrity of the public comment period in rulemaking procedures is an essential component of our democratic process . That 's why I signed a letter to the FCC before ( Thursday 's ) vote asking that it be delayed . I 've heard from my constituents , and they overwhelmingly want strong net neutrality protections , which I 'm going to continue fighting for in Congress . ''
The vote was not delayed . The FCC approved in a 3-2 vote Thursday morning the repeal of net neutrality regulations .
This article originally appeared on KCRA . SFGATE 's Alyssa Pereira contributed to this report .
Bill Belton was a major topic of discussion in the Rutgers camp in the days leading up to Saturday 's game , and not just because of what the senior running back brought to Penn State 's offense .
Some of the Scarlet Knights took offense to comments Belton had made at Big Ten Media Days this summer and were n't shy about letting it be known .
`` They were doing a lot of talking the whole week , and we did n't do that , '' Belton said . `` I think they approached it the wrong way . They made this game bigger than what it was . It was the Super Bowl for them . And we just came out here and played our brand of football . ''
Belton had the last laugh after running for the game-winning touchdown with 1:15 left in Penn State 's 13-10 win . The senior had just 36 yards on 15 carries as the Nittany Lions ' running game struggled , but they added 52 yards on four catches and made some key blocks to keep pressure off of Christian Hackenberg .
`` He was working hard all day to try to get yards after contact , '' Hackenberg said . `` He was having a tough day , and for them to be able to finish that off ( with the touchdown run ) … they did a great job . ''
Belton , a Sicklerville , N.J. , native , said they did n't feel any extra pressure to win their first game in their home state , even though they wound up in the news well before the game even started .
`` The pressure was on them , '' they said . `` They came out and said what they said . They made it that way . We just kept our mouth shut . ''
On June 17 , 2015 , a young white man named Dylann Roof walked into a majority-black church in Charleston , S.C. , prayed with its parishioners , and then shot and killed nine of them .
One year later , almost nothing has changed with respect to how guns are treated in America . No legislation has passed in Congress to address gun control , and in many states gun possession has only been expanded by proposals like campus carry .
Advertisement
With the help of the Mass Shooting Tracker , Fusion has counted up mass shootings in the 12 months since the carnage in Charleston . We defined mass shootings as an incident in which at least four individuals were killed or injured .
In total , there have been 551 such incidents—more than one per day on average .
Advertisement
Perhaps the most important thing to note about This is how few of these events involved radicalized Muslims . We counted just three such incidents : Sunday 's Orlando shooting , the San Bernardino shooting in December , and the shooting at the U.S. Navy Reserve center in Chattanooga that occurred just one month after Charleston .
In fact , the things the incidents most have in common is that they involve high-caliber firearms , and that most are committed in big cities , where the perpetrator is often never found . Indeed , according to the Mass Shooting Tracker , every major American city except Austin has seen a mass shooting since 2013 . The Trace , a gun violence news site , says that of the 30 Americans murdered by guns every day on average , about half are black men , who comprise just 6 % of the population . Radicalized Muslims pose no more of a threat than radicalized whites like the Charleston shooter or radicalized pro-lifers like the man who killed three and injured nine at a Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood .
And these are only mass shootings . CDC data suggest that overall gun deaths now number 33,000 a year , or about 10 for every 100,000 people , a rate we seem to have come to view as acceptable after seeing a major decline in gun deaths in the late '90s . Americans are now as likely to die by a firearm as in a car accident .
Advertisement
`` It 's the shootings taking place in parking lots , bars , schools , bedrooms , and street corners across America that are responsible for most gun injuries and deaths , '' The Trace says .
And as Vox has pointed out , mass shooting deaths actually represent less than 2 % of all gun deaths that occur in the U.S .
Advertisement
Rob covers business , economics and the environment for Fusion . They previously worked at Business Insider . They grew up in Chicago .
By Robert Tracinski - January 8 , 2010
Usually a major welfare-state bill has to be passed by Congress and go into effect before it is exposed as corrupt . The money has to actually be flowing out of Washington before anyone notices that it 's being diverted into a cesspool of special favors and sweetheart deals .
But a lot of things are unprecedented about the current push for a health care bill . Never has such a major expansion of the welfare state been passed without bipartisan support and broad approval from the public . And rarely has the corruption of a program been exposed while it is still awaiting final approval in Congress .
In this case , the special favors and vote-buying are so gaudy that some of the corrupt deals even have their own names : the `` Cornhusker Kickback '' and the `` Louisiana Purchase . '' In order to squeak by with the votes they needed in the House and Senate , Democratic leader offered money for hospitals in some districts , exemptions for limitations on Medicare Advantage programs in other districts , special tax breaks here and federal subsidies there .
It 's so bad that fellow Democratic Senator Blanche Lincoln felt the need to publicly denounce Ben Nelson 's `` horse-trading '' on behalf of Nebraska , and California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger , a liberal Republican who used to support the health care bill , has turned against it . Schwarzenegger explains : `` While I enthusiastically support health care reform , it is not reform to push more costs onto states that are already struggling while other states get sweetheart deals . Health care reform , which started as noble and needed legislation , has become a trough of bribes , deals , and loopholes . ''
And Senator Nelson themselves is now saying `` I think it was a mistake '' —not the rotten compromise they asked for , but the administration 's whole decision to pursue a health care bill in the first place rather than focusing on reviving the economy .
Amazingly , under pressure , the Democrats are not scaling back on the corruption of this bill . They 're doubling down . They are trying to salvage a corrupt product by adopting a corrupt process , canceling the traditional conference committee that would harmonize the House and Senate versions of the bill , in favor of closed-door negotiations to produce an even more complicated and opaque compromise .
This is being done in flagrant violation of one of President Obama 's major campaign promises : to make the health-care negotiations available to public and specifically to broadcast them on C-SPAN . Breitbart TV has a montage of no fewer than eight campaign appearances at which Obama made this promise , and C-SPAN 's Brian Lamb has written an open letter demanding that the president make good on it . The White House has responded by refusing to answer questions on the issue , while Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi just had a Baghdad Bob moment . Baghdad Bob , you may recall , was the Iraqi propaganda flack who famously declared `` There are no American infidels in Baghdad '' while US tanks were rolling into Saddam 's parade grounds less than a mile away . With equal plausibility , Pelosi declared that `` There has never been a more open process for any legislation . ''
Here 's how the Associated Press describes this `` open process '' :
Democratic aides said the final compromise talks would essentially be a three-way negotiation involving top Democrats in the House and Senate and the White House , a structure that gives unusual latitude to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada and Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California… . [ T ] he plan is to skip the formal meetings , reach an agreement , then have the two houses vote as quickly as possible .
In short , Pelosi , Reid , and White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel will cobble together 2,000 pages of legislation between themselves , larding the bill with special favors and obscure clauses—then they 'll spring it on rank-and-file Democratic members of congress and order them to vote for it within a day or two , before they can even figure out what 's in it .
How long before some Democratic members of congress become tired of being abused in this fashion—or begin to fear being seen as political hacks by their constituents back home ?
The special deals and payoffs are incidental to the bill in one sense ; if they were all removed it would still be a bad bill . But in another sense , they reveal something essential about a government takeover of health care : it is all about looting , about how one group of people can tax and regulate others in an attempt to get something for nothing . All statist programs are rife with this kind of scheming , and they have to be , because whenever wealth is seized by force , there is a battle among the looters over how to divide the spoils .
Of course , the Democrats campaigned in 2006 and 2008 by promising `` transparency '' and railing against a `` culture of corruption . '' But they just ca n't help themselves because big government is the culture of corruption . Every time private money is seized or diverted by the government , it sets off a mad scramble in which every pressure group is afraid of being on the losing end . In the cannibalistic jargon of Washington , if you 're not on the table , you 're on the menu . And there is no honest way to resolve these disputes because everyone has an equally legitimate claim to the looted wealth—which is to say , none at all . So principles do n't apply , and it 's all just unscrupulous horse-trading .
The Cornhusker Kickback is a very visible reminder of this fact , which is why it has become the emblem of this bill . In one action , Senator Nelson and Majority Leader Reid have managed to bring the entire United States Congress into disrepute—and this is sinking the prospects for final passage of the health care bill .
To paraphrase Churchill , the Democrats in Congress had to choose between legislative defeat and dishonor . They chose dishonor . They will get defeat .
The Washington Post reported Trump divulged sensitive information during a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and ambassador Sergey Kislyak at the White House last Wednesday . | Getty 9 times Trump criticized others for mishandling classified information
President Donald Trump 's handling of classified information has come under scrutiny following reports they divulged `` highly classified '' information during a meeting with Russian officials last week at the White House .
The president , though , has a history of routinely lashing out at political opponents , detractors and even former members of their own administration for mishandling closely guarded intelligence in the past .
Story Continued Below
Here are nine times Trump has slammed others for their handling of classified information .
1 . Trump accuses Yates of leaking classified intelligence
`` Ask Sally Yates , under oath , if they know how classified information got into the newspapers soon after they explained it to W.H . Counsel , '' Trump tweeted on May 8 , following Yates ' testimony before Congress on Russian election interference and potential ties to the Trump administration .
Ask Sally Yates , under oath , if they know how classified information got into the newspapers soon after they explained it to W.H . Counsel . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 8 , 2017
2 . Trump calls for leakers in federal government to be found
`` The real story that Congress , the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information . Must find leaker now ! '' the president said on social media in response to continuing coverage of the ongoing probe into potential collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia .
The real story that Congress , the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information . Must find leaker now ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) March 20 , 2017
3 . Trump calls for increased scrutiny of 'illegal leaks '
After Attorney General Jeff Sessions ' March recusal from the Trump-Russia investigation , the president said on Twitter that the `` real story '' was rather `` all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information . It is a total 'witch hunt ! ' ''
... is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information . It is a total `` witch hunt ! '' — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) March 3 , 2017
4 . Trump : Classified information given to media 'could have a devastating effect on U.S . '
Trump slammed the FBI on Twitter in late-March following reports that Chief of Staff Reince Priebus had asked the bureau to push back on negative stories tying Trump campaign associates and Russia . The president said the FBI was `` totally unable '' to stop leakers and said the result `` have a devastating effect on U.S . ''
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security `` leakers '' that have permeated our government for a long time . They ca n't even ...... — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 24 , 2017
find the leakers within the FBI itself . Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 24 , 2017
5 . Trump calls on The New York Times to apologize for publishing 'illegal classified ' leaks
After new reports of contacts between Trump campaign and Russian officials , the president demanded that the Times apologize for unearthing relevant details .
Leaking , and even illegal classified leaking , has been a big problem in Washington for years . Failing @ nytimes ( and others ) must apologize ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 16 , 2017
6 . Trump : Classified intel given out 'like candy '
After new reports of contacts between Trump campaign and Russian officials , the president said the `` real scandal '' was that `` classified information is illegally given out by intelligence like candy . ''
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by `` intelligence '' like candy . Very un-American ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) February 15 , 2017
7 . Trump accuses State Department of seeking to 'cover up classified emails ' for Clinton
In the throes of a heated general election bout , Trump cited a Washington Examiner article accusing the State Department of `` quid pro quo '' as part of an attempt to cover up details regarding the Hillary Clinton email controversy .
CORRUPTION CONFIRMED : FBI confirms State Dept . offered 'quid pro quo ' to cover up classified emailshttps : //t.co/A3mCNBLCsO — Official Team Trump ( @ TeamTrump ) October 17 , 2016
8 . Trump , hailing WikiLeaks , rips 'Crooked ' Clinton for their handling of classified information
Following the release of a trove of emails from the Hillary Clinton campaign through WikiLeaks , then-candidate Trump blasted `` Crooked '' Clinton for mishandling intelligence while in office .
WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info , but no one gets charged ? RIGGED ! https : //t.co/FgGxDsS0a1 — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 17 , 2016
9 . Trump : Clinton 'not fit ' for presidency due to 'extremely careless ' handling of intel
Trump , just weeks out from officially clinching the Republican nomination at the Republican National Convention in July , said Clinton was `` not fit '' for office due to them `` extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive , highly classified information . ''
Crooked Hillary Clinton and their team `` were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive , highly classified information . '' Not fit ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 6 , 2016
Tilt-Shift 24mm f/3.5 ED AS UMC Lens for Sony Alpha is rated 4.0 out of 5 by 2 .
Rated 4 out of 5 by Balisongman07 from Solid , heavy , but slick From owning their 800MM mirror lens i dont expect much in terms of quality , but they really impressed me with this lens . My only real complaint is that this lens doesnt utilize its gears as much as it should , the second you even slightly loosen the lock enough to shift or tilt , gravity will take over and send it straight down . I was kinda impressed and attracted to the fact that next to the 3.5 aperture mark , theres an actual alpha logo to indicate its mount , nice detail for these types of companies . The lens can hold its own as far as i 've seen . OBVIOUSLY this lens is MANUAL FOCUS , but thanks to the focus multiplier in Sony SLT 's , making super sharp focuses is absolutely easy !
The ARK Crew recently sponsored and attended a Hackathon in Scotch Plains New Jersey . http : //hackuc.com/
The Hack lasted 24 hours and involved programming , computer science , and engineering . It was exciting to witness so many bright young minds in action as they put there creativity to the test .
From ardiuno based AI maze runners , to facial recognition apps , to classic games remade using motion capture to play — we were quite amazed at the talent we witnessed and were honored to serve as judges .
Mike reviewing a project
We also had the opportunity to do a keynote presentation , stay around and answer questions , and even do a workshop .
Travis Explaining ARK
Khanh , Travis , and Mike from Ark Crew
Mike and Eric explaining Blockchain and Scrum/Agile
We anticipate a very bright future for all of the students that attended . As they move ahead to college , we hope they bring with them the knowledge of ARK as well .
A big thank you to the organizers Jason and Stephan and their whole crew , and congratulations to the winners . We hope to see everyone again next year .
Jason and Stephan
HackUC winners 2017
For all Event pictures goto : HackUC Pics
The ways in which we consume media have changed drastically in recent years . The music industry has been in a constant state of reinvention for as long as this site has been alive . Fortunately , through it all , the art of the music video has been resilient .
In fact , music videos might be more important than ever . More people consume music on YouTube than on any other streaming platform , and music videos are the best way for artists to convey that they have the total package—communicating their musical ability , visual identity , and charisma on screen . Plus , what else would we all make GIFs out of if it were n't for music videos ?
2017 saw an abundance of creative , boundary-pushing videos from industry heavyweights and independent newcomers alike .
These are the 25 best music videos of the year .
Quirky visuals , super-powered crime fighters , high octane action , a traversable city full of enemy grunts to fill full of lead ; when you break it down into its constituent parts , the similarities between Crackdown 3 and Agents of Mayhem are strong and many , and with that in mind it 's no surprise that Microsoft decided to put the brakes on their upcoming open-world shooter and give it some space following the recent release of Volition 's similarly themed crime-fighting third-person action-adventure . Of course , there will have been additional reasons for the delay , but giving Crackdown 3 room to breathe seems reason enough , regardless of what else may or may not have pushed the game into 2018 .
That 's not to say that they 're exactly the same , because they 're not . Most notably Crackdown 3 is looking to the Cloud to power certain parts of its explosive experience ( although the multiplayer-focused Wrecking Zone was n't something we were able to see for ourselves at Gamescom ) , but there are other things that set them apart . You can , for example , pick up a lot of things in the world and fling them around , and that 's something we did many , many times during our two playthroughs of the Gamescom demo that Microsoft hosted at its booth in Cologne . If a car door was blown off , we picked it up and hurled it at a bad guy , and when a civilian slumped to the floor after a misplaced grenade ended their innocent existence , we picked up the corpse and sent it hurtling into a crowd of advancing security guards ( which , when you think about it , is a bit grim ) . We wasted no time in grabbing anything and everything that dropped around us , and used these makeshift projectiles to take out as many enemy grunts as we possibly could .
There 's a lot of verticality in the world too , and collecting orbs lets your character improve various abilities , for example , letting us jump to new heights and explore the city above the streets . Buildings are also constructed with helpful ledges perfect for a jet-powered agent to grab hold of as they look to find a vantage point from which to survey the area . We struggled to find finesse as we climbed up to the tops of towers , but it 's possible to use the hand holds to climb up pretty high , combine that with the jetpack and double jump , and then use that elevated position to gauge the challenges below . Jumping down from a lofty perch also allows you the pleasure of hitting the ground at high velocity , the resulting shockwave sending anyone caught in the area of effect flying in all directions .
One thing we did like was the fact that you can pick up the weapons your enemies drop , and we found ourselves regularly mixing things up , particularly when the heavies showed up ; the shotgun seemed a much more efficient way of dispatching these more stubborn adversaries than the assault rifle , although a handy lock-on feature allowed us to concentrate rapid fire attacks before moving onto the next . During our demos we focused on taking out a couple of enemy strongholds and clearing them out as quickly as possible before heading off in search of even more adventure . Destruction is a keyword , and it 's thanks to weapons like the Singularity Gun ( which fires a black hole that in turn sucks in items nearby , often to explosive effect ) that players will be able to really make their mark on the city .
It was a limited demo , but it was polished . The gunfire felt satisfying enough , and that was across a range of weapons . We grabbed a few grenades too , and they certainly had plenty of pop . There 's variety thanks to the weapon pickups , and that will no doubt help keep things fresh . Beyond those weapons we 've seen so far , who knows what other projectile-slinging treats Sumo Digital has in store for us , but given the promise of unrivalled destruction on which the game was built , we 're assuming that there 's going to be plenty of explosive options at our disposal beyond things like the Singularity Gun .
Suehaila and Shadia : Suehaila wears a traditional headscarf and follows daily prayer rituals - while Shadia , their outspoken sister , is decorated with piercings and tattoos and recently married Jeff , an Irish Catholic who is converting to Islam .
Nader and Nawal : Newlyweds expecting their first baby , Nader and Nawal are working to strike the right balance between their traditional Muslim roots and American culture .
Fouad : As head coach of the Fordson High School football team , Fouad has pioneered a shift in their team 's summer practice schedule by flipping to night workouts from 11 p.m. to 5 a.m. since a majority of their team are Muslim and are fasting for Ramadan .
Mike and Angela : Mike , a deputy chief sheriff , and their wife Angela , a consultant to a major auto manufacturer , are juggling their busy careers with raising their four children in a modern Muslim family .
Nina : A strong , independent Muslim business person , Nina 's family runs the premier wedding and banquet hall in Dearborn — but against their advice , they are trying to venture off on their own to open a nightclub .
Samira and Ali : Samira and their husband of seven years , Ali , struggle with fertility issues and are pursuing numerous options including conventional fertility techniques , dietary alternatives and Muslim supplication prayers . After years of unsuccessful attempts , Samira considers putting on the Hijab in order to be closer to God and hopefully be blessed with a child .
“ ProtonMail offers encrypted email , which makes it virtually impossible for anyone to read it except the sender and the recipient. ” Wall Street Journal
ProtonMail is the world 's largest encrypted email service with over 1 million users . The ProtonMail secure email app for iPhone and iPad brings easy-to-use email encryption to your mobile device by seamlessly integrating PGP end-to-end encryption . ProtonMail also provides a modern user interface with a full set of innovative features such as customizable swipe gestures and the ability to send expiring emails .
Since we were founded by CERN scientists in 2013 , we have been joined by citizens from around the globe who have supported our mission to protect online privacy . Our mobile app was made possible by a record-breaking $ 550,000 donation campaign . With the ProtonMail app , you can now create your own free ProtonMail email account and start experiencing the secure email of the future .
Why use ProtonMail ?
• Ensure your emails stay private and can not be intercepted or disclosed to third parties
• End-to-end encryption , OpenPGP compatible
• Easy-to-use : encryption is done automatically and is completely invisible to the user
• Zero-access : all messages are stored in encrypted format—not even ProtonMail can read your messages
• Open source : ProtonMail 's encryption is open to inspection by security experts from around the world
• Free : ProtonMail is 100 % free , no catches .
• Swiss privacy and neutrality : ProtonMail is hosted entirely in Switzerland , under the protection of the world 's strongest privacy laws
With the ProtonMail app , you can :
• Create a new @ protonmail.com email address with automatic PGP key creation and management
• Send and receive encrypted emails and attachments automatically
• Set timers for messages to self-destruct after sending
• Quickly organize emails with customizable swipe gestures and labels
• Get push notification of new emails
• Send password protected encrypted emails to non-ProtonMail email addresses
ProtonMail in the press :
“ ProtonMail is a gmail-like email system which uses end-to-end encryption , making it impossible for outside parties to monitor. ” Forbes
“ A new email service being developed by a group from MIT and CERN promises to bring secure , encrypted email to the masses and keep sensitive information away from prying eyes. ” Huffington Post
The two , the biggest problems in IT are cache invalidation and naming things . The third one , I think , is legacy code . If you 're not working in a startup , which has just been founded , chances are , you need to deal with some sort of legacy application . For a majority of my career as a developer , I was working in one company . It was great , but we 've had to maintain an application , which was created around year 2002 ! That 's when Napster was shut down ! Today , this application is still running , but since a few years , it only contains some of the functionality . The rest is being handled by a new app . In this post , I would like to share some experiences , how we dealt with it .
Legacy code definition
If you go to wikipedia and search for legacy code , you read :
Legacy code is source code that relates to a no-longer supported or manufactured operating system or other computer technology .
Some people would argue with that . One of the best definitions I heard recently was that the code is legacy the moment it hits the production server . That 's when you forget about it and head on to other tasks . Obviously , the biggest problem is with applications written years ago , using old technologies and style which are different to what we do now . We are all learning all the time . I bet you also wonder sometimes how could you be so stupid when you were writing that app a year ago . That 's normal - it 's a sign of a progress we do as programmers .
I think it 's clear there are different kinds of legacy code . We should treat these kinds differently . I will try to go through some of them here and show you my thinking on this problem .
You probably have few of them . Someone wrote them some time ago and they do something , somewhere . No one , or only a few people , know what they do . You might think , it will be easier to start with something small , like these apps . Do n't . Think when was the last time you had to implement a major change in these apps . You probably do n't remember . So do n't bother . Leave them as they are . They are doing their job . You should focus on what 's really important .
Main application in the company - strategy
Most software companies have this one , main application , which runs the whole shop . If the company was started years ago , chances are , it 's using some old technologies . If it 's really old , there is a big chance , these technologies are not supported anymore . In my case , it was an application written in Visual Basic 6 . Yes , it was released in 1998 . That 's when movies “ Armageddon ” and “ Saving Private Ryan ” premiered .
When you 're in such situation you have few choices .
Keep calm and carry on
We were doing that for years . It is a fine solution . The app is working and brings business value . You probably have some framework which allows you to implement changes quickly . Of course , there are problems when you want to use a service , which your current technology does not support . We 've had such situation with Memcached . There was no driver , so we had to build it . We wanted to use MongoDB - no chance . This approach is good if you just have to maintain things you already built and rarely add new stuff . If you want to do something more modern , you might run into problems .
Rewrite the bloody thing
That 's probably the worst decision you can make . Think about it . This application was developed for years and is bringing business value to the company . How can you imagine rebuilding it in few months or a year ? Of course , you can do it if it 's small , but that 's rarely the case . Usually , these are monsters . Often without unit tests . You need to have really solid reasons to go this road . There are many examples of teams trying to do that . They all failed ( remember Netscape Navigator ? ) . I , personally , have n't heard of a single success with such approach , yet . It is also very hard to sell such idea to the business people . There is probably a pipeline of new things to implement and you want to stop everything and rewrite something which is working and bringing money .
Create a separate project and implement new stuff in it
In my opinion , that is the best way to go . You keep your old app , but whenever you have something new , you do it in the new project . It 's much easier to convince business people to it because these new functionalities were supposed to be done anyway . After a while of adding new stuff to the project , you should have a mature solution , which has proved to be stable . At this point , you can start thinking about moving pieces over from the old platform .
This way , you have a chance to test your solution in a live environment before you move the bits bringing the most business value . If you make a mistake , you do n't bring the main product down . You do n't stop development of new things for the time of the rewrite . This idea is much easier to sell .
Pioneer - leader
If you want to bring a new technology into the company , you need to have a pioneer . That is probably you ! A person , who will drive this project and make sure it wo n't die . You will have to test things and pick the best one , be the evangelist in the whole company . There will be ‘ others ' wanting to dump this idea and you will have to defend it . You will have to answer questions from business ( why we should invest in it ? ) and technical people ( why Angular ? We should pick React - it 's cool today ) . You either have to know all the answers , or gather people around you , who will support you . It 's not an easy job , but if you succeed , it comes with a big satisfaction .
Selecting technology
My opinion here is , you should pick what 's the newest from the technology your company is in . In our example , we were always working with Microsoft stuff . The main app was VB6 , so it was clear we will stick with .NET . We could have tried python , NodeJS or any other popular thing then , but it would make the whole thing few times harder . Unless of course , your team knows these other things too . If not , I would go with something everyone is familiar with .
I also think you should go with the newest version of the technology you choose . If you 're in .NET , go with .NET Core . If you want Angular , pick Angular2 . Do n't go with something which will have a successor when you finish . It should also make the project more interesting for other developers . I know it 's controversial , but in my opinion , when you 're starting from scratch and will work on the project for a long time , it 's better to be up to date from the day one .
Pilot project
You are moving to a new technology . You know which technology it is . Chances are you have never used it . You may start the work on your main project . But I think it 's much better to start with some kind of pilot . Project which you can use as a test field for the architecture , libraries . Something to get the grasp of the new thing . You will make mistakes . Some decisions you will regret . It 's better to do it in this pilot , so that , when you start the work on the main application , you have some experience . It would be ideal if this project is new - not an existing feature that you 're moving to new technology . This way you avoid old thinking . It also ca n't be critical you finish it in a tight deadline . You do n't want anyone standing over you and asking why it 's taking so long .
People
It 's much better to have a team working on such project than a single developer . You can discuss different approaches , validate the thinking . It 's crucial to pick a certain type of people . You will need experienced players who are enthusiastic about the new stuff , know the old application and will search for the best solutions for the new one . Avoid developers who like the status quo and prefer to calmly close tasks . This team will have to make hard decisions and take on the risks . They ca n't be afraid of breaking things .
Summary
First - I said it in the beginning - do n't imagine , you will rewrite everything in one go . It may take years .
The second thing to remember is that you want to make this change for some reason . It 's very easy to fall into a trap of recreating patterns and architecture from the old project . That 's the worst thing you can do . If you do that , most certainly , you end up with the same thing , using newer technology . Especially in the beginning , you must read a lot about application design . Maybe you should try CQRS , maybe microservices . It might be , the repository pattern will suit you best . Whatever it is , make the decision about the architecture after a lot of thinking and brainstorming . This is crucial . In most cases , you should n't move any code or classes from the old application . If you have to do it , think , what is the best place for it in the new architecture . Do n't recreate old patterns in the new app .
If you do this , remember , it 's not just another IT project . It 's huge business decision . It 's also a big cost for the company . In the beginning , you wo n't be as fast in coding than you were with the old technology . You will make mistakes and will have to go back . You will need time to create and test new architectures . It will all bring an extra cost for the company - in money and time . So make sure you have the right reasons , the thing you 're doing brings a business value and is n't just developers playing with new toys .
How do you deal with legacy applications ? Do you have some stories to share ?
Part one of three.Part Two : slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Part Three : slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… ( Note : I 've been asked for some time to tell Cevenor 's story . In nearly all my comics they are only referred to as the 'Dragonborn ' or 'Listener ' and their name only mentioned in the credits . I was both surprised and happy when people began expressing interest in him , wanting to know more about their background , spouse and etc ... So here 's a little comic detailing some in-game drama Cevenor experienced along with some background info on their family . This should be done in three parts . ) Cevenor and Art by Syrena SealeSkyrim , Cicero and Serana belong to BethesdaPaperback : www.amazon.com/Spyder-Cracked-… Kindle/Ebook : www.amazon.com/Cracked-Entropy… Nook : www.barnesandnoble.com/w/the-s… ( Also available on international Amazon.com sites . ) Thank you ! : thumb322144040 : The Listner 's Tale - Part Two : slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… The Listener 's Tale - Part Three : slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Skyrim Dragonborn : Thalmor Trollin ' : slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Ondolemar is SUPERIOR : slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Skyrim Dawnguard : Surprise Encounter : fav.me/d5jv8za Skyrim Dawnguard ... Who ? fav.me/d5d6z6s Skyrim Dawnguard : Seriously Serana ... ! : fav.me/d5bscyy Skyrim Dawnguard : Forever Alone ! : fav.me/d59fjb5 Skyrim : The Priest of Talos : fav.me/d53gfpg Skyrim : Odahviing ! : fav.me/d50srl3 Skyrim Stereotypes : fav.me/d4xflkd Skyrim Marathon : slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Skyrim Interrupted : slayersyrena.deviantart.com/ar… Skyrim : A Companion 's Life : fav.me/d4n36j9 Skyrim Game Hijacking : fav.me/d4lv48e Dark Brotherhood Mighty Defenders : fav.me/d4lgkvi Mornings in the Dark Brotherhood : fav.me/d4kz94b Cicero VS. Average Companion : fav.me/d4kezlx
If you stop driving and owning a car for the financial benefit , figuring out how much you are actually saving can help you deal with the lifestyle change of getting around without a car . The money you actually save is very dependent on the state you live in , the car you would be driving and how you use it . Below is a table to show you the upper range that car owners in the US spend to own and operate their cars and the average cost .
Another way you can get an idea of your specific situation is to take the average cost of owning a car per mile it is driven ( 60 cents per mile as of 2015 ) and multiply it by the miles you would have driven per year . 10,000 to 12,000 miles per year is a good estimate for someone with a relatively short commute . Add on more if you live far from work or would often be taking your car on weekend trips .
Around 2 years ago , I decided I wanted to play around a bit with mobile designs for websites . I also had a practical use case ; I would use an API provided by our monitoring solution and hack together a mobile site that I could use to quickly ( and with low bandwidth ) check the state of our servers , see graphs , etc . As a bonus , it would allow me to easily acknowledge events that I know do n't really matter at that time . This helps a lot when it happens at 4 o'clock during the night . And so , MoZBX was born .
You just need bigger buttons , right ?
My though back then was : mobile websites ? That 's just the same as any other site , but with bigger buttons . You know , fat finger touching etc . Take a normal button , multiply it by x2 , and done . You have a mobile site .
So with that in mind , I built the very first version of MoZBX using jQTouch , which back then was a combination of jQuery and some mobile enhancements ( they now offer Zepto.js as well instead of jQuery , which seems to speeds it all up instead of the slow monster that I experienced jQuery to be on mobile devices ) . It was relatively easy to get a first prototype up and running , but it annoyed me . You see , I 'm mostly a backend developer . I do n't care about designs , I care about functional PHP code . I love to hack my solutions together in my own way and not have to follow rules other tools force me to use . I like my freedom .
That 's when my frustration with jQTouch began : you needed certain ways of structuring your data , you need to follow strict rules on how to create forms , lists , styles , ... ( with annoying submit-actions on forms , what 's up with that jQTouch ? ) , everything is being loaded via AJAX which makes UI testing a pain , ... It pulled the joy of creating a new project right out of me . MoZBX worked , but I was n't happy with it . Windows Phone users could n't access it , BlackBerry support was ... well ... a joke , ... I needed something else .
So I looked at other solutions , such as jQuery Mobile , Kendo UI , ... but none suited my needs . The reason I looked at those 'Mobile Frameworks ' in the first place is my absolute lack of design skills , both in graphics and in CSS-styles .
Bootstrap FTW !
And then , out of the blue , came Twitter Bootstrap , which I shall name `` a backend developer 's wet dream for creating decent looking websites '' from now on . So , trying to be hip and cool , I redid the UI for MoZBX in Twitter Bootstrap and threw away everything that was ever related to jQTouch . And there was much joy .
It took me a few evenings of work to test how Twitter Bootstrap worked , how I could use it in MoZBX and what would be the best way to get started . And a few days later , the new MoZBX was born .
Sites vs Native App
My conclusion so far is : throw away all those mobile frameworks you use if you want a mobile website . If you want those App-like feelings with swipe effects and page transitions , build an app instead . If you want a mobile site ( see : it 's even in the words , you 're building a website , not an app ) , use plain old HTML and CSS for a responsive website . Stop hogging mobile UI 's with frameworks that are overly complex and add overhead to each page request -- let alone the development overhead of adjusting the app to fit into that particular framework .
Granted , in 6 months , every website will look like it 's been made with Twitter Bootstrap , but I do n't blame them -- it 's easy to use and it just works . No need to dabble in new 'frameworks ' to get your mobile site going . Use CSS and HTML , create bigger buttons , and you 've got yourself a mobile site .
Side note : if you 're a graphics designer working on a mobile website for the last 6 months , I apologize for the overly simplified statement of 'mobile just means bigger buttons ' . I do appreciate all the work you put into creating beautiful pages . For me however ( and in particular , this monitoring project ) , it 's overkill . I just needed bigger buttons .
Paul Dini has a mantle full of Emmys for a TV-writing career that has included such shows as Tiny Toon Adventures , G.I . Joe , He-Man and the Masters of the Universe , Star Wars : The Clones Wars , and even ABC 's Lost . But he 's revered for their work expanding the Batman universe , first on the seminal Batman : The Animated Series , where they famously created the character of Harley Quinn , and later with DC Comics . Their most recent graphic novel , however , is not fantasy — it 's the harrowing account of a brutal mugging that left Dini a broken man… and how the characters in their mind , led by the Caped Crusader , helped pulled them back from the brink .
Related : The Secret History of Harley Quinn—a Brief Oral History by Paul Dini
Illustrated by Eduardo Risso and published by DC imprint Vertigo , Dark Night : A True Batman Story is uncompromising in its depiction of Dini 's depression , their inability to work or go out in public , their reliance on alcohol as a crutch , and their imagined conversations with Joker , Penguin , and other members of Gotham 's rogues gallery taking the writer to dark places . Ultimately , though , it 's a version of Batman who , along with intense therapy , manages to rouse Dini from their depths . The writer recently met with Yahoo Movies in an office at DC headquarters , where they discussed the attack , their struggle to regain their life , and which of those comic-book characters still pop up in their head .
This book gives a very unflinching portrayal of what you went through . Was there ever any hesitation in putting yourself out there so candidly ?
I knew I was going to open myself up , and I feared I was going to get a fair amount of derision from peers . It 's almost like stage fright : “ What if they 're going to boo at me. ” But some of them are going to boo and some of them are going tease [ me ] over this , but f * * k it . Like I say in the book , if I let what people say bother me that much I would never have become a writer . As a writer you 're your own worst enemy . You have to fight your fear . This is something I had to say .
Memory is so visual — is that why you decided to tell Dark Night as a graphic novel ?
I never thought I could tell this as a prose story . It would n't have the same impact . I 'm a very visual person , with a career in animation and comics . I thought , “ Why not tell this story visually , why not illustrate the story ? ” And the graphic novel format was perfect . It would bring out everything I was hoping the readers would feel .
I do n't think I could have described the mugging as in prose as dynamically , as eloquently as Eduardo rendered it . It was so dramatic that when I first saw the pages , I shrieked and closed the book and could n't look at the file for a week . I just could n't look at it . But it had that emotional impact for me . I thought if I could look at this and burst into tears then it has the effect I want it to have . It 's really going to convey what I went through and the impact the incident had on me to readers .
Related : The Evolution of Harley Quinn—From Sketch to Screen Queen
It 's like I 'm telling the story to friends and I make the point at the end , when I say I tell the story occasionally just to see what I 've learned and where I 've come from so I do n't forget what happened . And maybe if someone else is going through something similar , I can tell them not to block it out , not to be in denial . You do n't have to be ashamed of it .
View photos Dark Night Interior ( Vertigo ) More
Crawley Town are delighted to announce the appointment of Harry Kewell as our new Head Coach .
Harry , 38 , will be assisted by Warren Feeney , who is taking up the role as Assistant Coach .
During a glittering playing career in England and abroad , Sydney-born Harry played in two Champions League finals for Liverpool and two World Cup finals for Australia .
They came to England in 1995 and within a year was making their first-team debut for Leeds United in the Premier League .
In 2000 , Kewell was named PFA Young Player of the Year and they had three more seasons at Elland Road before joining Liverpool , the team they supported as a boy , in 2003 .
Two years later they became the first Australian to play in the Champions League final and in 2006 they were an FA Cup winner with Liverpool .
In 2007 , they played in their second Champions League final and when they left Anfield in 2008 Harry had played 380 League and Cup games in England , scoring 79 goals .
They signed for Turkish club Galatasaray in 2008 and had three seasons with them , scoring 34 goals in 91 appearances .
In August 2011 , they signed for Melbourne Victory and also played for Melbourne Heat in the Australian League , either side of a short spell in the Qatar Stars League with Al Gharafa .
Harry became Australia 's youngest international when they made their debut aged 17 against Chile in 1996 . They played in the 2006 and 2010 World Cup finals , helping the Socceroos reach the second round in 2006 after scoring in a 2-2 draw against Croatia . They were sent off in the 2010 finals in South Africa against Ghana .
They played 56 times for their country , scoring 17 goals .
When they announced their retirement in June 2014 Harry had played 515 professional games and scored 124 goals as either a winger or striker .
They are currently working on their UEFA Pro License coaching qualification and was in charge of the under-23s at Watford from June 2015 before leaving the club by mutual consent earlier this year . During their time at Vicarage Road , three of the under-23s made their first team debuts .
Director of Football Selim Gaygusuz said : `` During their interview Harry showed us great passion - that 's needed to make this team move onwards . ''
The new Head Coach will be holding a press conference on Friday at 7pm to meet local and national media . Interested media are asked to email alexstedman @ crawleytownfc.com by no later than 4pm on Thursday afternoon to request attendance - fans will be able to watch exclusively live on our Facebook page here .
We 'll also have full coverage and reaction from Kewell 's meeting with the press here on www.crawleytownfc.com and across our other social channels .
Tweets by @ crawleytown
It 's common practice for those of us who make our living on the internet to link out to other websites in the stories we publish -- in fact , we here at Engadget consider it a necessary part of good reporting . In the EU , however , there 's been some doubt as to whether such behavior constitutes copyright infringement . Thankfully , today the EU Court of Justice held that , as long as the source itself is freely accessible to the public , such hyperlinks do n't run afoul of copyright law .
The salient bit of EU law states that authors hold `` the exclusive right to authorise or prohibit any communication to the public of their works . '' In the case at hand , some Swedish journalists took umbrage with the fact that other websites that were publishing links to their work without permission , and thought those other sites should pay up for the privilege of doing so .
It 's 30 minutes before closing time on Thursday , the day before The Sock Man—St . Marks Place 's infamous legwear retailer and downtown New York legend—will supposedly be forced out forever due to skyrocketing rents , and inside the cotton- and wool-crammed shanty stands the owner , the Bayside , Queens–born Marty Rosen , flanked by two rugged-looking kids , one of whom is stubbing out a cigarette in the back room . This is a farewell party of sorts : Rosen , who is drinking a 40 at the register , is reminiscing about their misfit crew of regular customers , from Courtney Love ( whom they claim once came in and spent more than $ 400 ) to the dope fiend regulars and shoplifters who used to skulk around and pilfer from the bins . Admittedly , eating up street-wizened nostalgia like this is catnip for doofus transplant millennials like me , and you 're more likely to find an exorbitantly priced shoebox of a studio apartment than a used syringe or wayward artist on St. Marks these days , but Rosen 's storytelling is hard to resist . They feel like the real thing , like a loudmouthed poet of the grimy , violent era of the city who makes broken vials of crack on the sidewalk sound like some long-passed signifier of authenticity . The store has been there since 1983 , after all—it 's seen a lot .
And then , of course , there are the socks themselves—mountains of socks , marvelous mounds of socks . The funkiest pieces are on display : novelty ones emblazoned with the Harley-Davidson symbol or portraits of the Virgin Mary ; a cartoon of a buff man in mid-flex ; colorful parrots ; marijuana leaf designs . On the opposite side of the shop there are bins of $ 3-a-pair plain crew cuts and thick tan and green socks , as well as striped thigh-highs , tights , and black hoodies that are daintily printed with Fuck off , right next to a rack of frilly lingerie . Here , there 's something for everybody—even Vogue . The Wigwam Cypress Cotton Lightweight Socks were featured on Blake Lively in the August 2015 issue .
I first heard about The Sock Man from my too-cool , native New York acquaintances : My friend Alexandra Tatarsky ( the type of person who still carries a T9 phone and wears bloomers in public—an East Village relic in their own right ) waxed nostalgic about The Sock Man via e-mail . “ I walked by The Sock Man every single morning and evening , to and from high school , getting reliable head nods from the Sock Man himself . They were the true saving grace of my trek , ” they wrote . “ Oh , the socks I 've bought from The Sock Man ! Neon fishnets I used to cut the crotch out of and wear as shirts around the turn of the millennium . . . UFO socks layered on top of rainbow toe socks . . . thick gray wool stockings when my style turned less rave and more deranged schoolgirl . . . ah , Sock Man ! How grateful I am for thee ! ”
Then , of course , there 's Chloë Sevigny , eternally New York 's bastion of downtown cool . Sevigny often frequented The Sock Man , and even famously got into a public tiff with Rosen when the Daily News quoted them as saying , “ I love that place , but the guy 's the grumpiest man on earth . He 's like the Soup Nazi , but they sell socks. ” But these days there are nothing but fond memories for Sevigny . “ I would go through the white bobby socks then , so I 'd have to go in once a month and refill , ” Sevigny told me over the phone . “ I think it was ambitious , trying weird tights , stockings , like a polka dot or , like , ‘ Oh , I can pull off a white tight even though I 'm in my 30s . ' Just things like that , you always seem to have a romantic idea of trying it on . Now where are we going to go ? We are going to have to fly to Japan to get our socks ! ”
There are rumors that Rosen will be doing bulk deliveries of orders more than $ 50 to Queens , Manhattan , and Brooklyn . There 's also their website , which looks like it may have been last updated in the early '90s but has a functioning online store . Still , there 's nothing quite like buying something in the flesh , scouring every inch of the dank , cramped , and barely navigable shop , and to be here at the end feels like I 'm bearing witness to a part of history . And so I get in the spirit and pick out a few things : a beanie with two shadows of strippers posing back-to-back , gloves with a glow-in-the-dark middle finger , and a pair of socks printed with the same rude symbol . I pay my last dollar in dimes and put on the gloves as I leave . Maybe I 'm just another poser , one whose sense of outrage at gentrification is n't quite earned by years spent here or significant personal history , but who is still saddened by the falling away of yet another thing that made New York feel cool . Or maybe I 'm just another girl showing their support with their feet first .
The Scharnhorst class was the last traditional class of armored cruisers built by the Kaiserliche Marine . The class comprised two ships , Scharnhorst and Gneisenau . They were larger than the Roon-class cruisers that preceded them ; the extra size was used primarily to increase the main armament of 21 cm ( 8.2-inch ) guns from four to eight . The ships were the first German cruiser to reach equality with their British counterparts . The ships were named after 19th century Prussian army reformers , Gerhard von Scharnhorst and August von Gneisenau .
Built for overseas service , Scharnhorst and Gneisenau were assigned to the East Asia Squadron in 1909 and 1910 , respectively . Scharnhorst relieved the old armored cruiser Fürst Bismarck as the squadron flagship , which had been on station since 1900 . Both ships had short careers ; shortly before the outbreak of World War I , the ships departed the German colony at Tsingtao . On 1 November 1914 , the ships destroyed a British force at the Battle of Coronel and inflicted upon the Royal Navy its first defeat since the Battle of Plattsburgh in 1814 . The East Asia Squadron , including both Scharnhorst-class ships , was subsequently annihilated at the Battle of the Falkland Islands on 8 December .
Design [ edit ]
General characteristics [ edit ]
The ships of the class were 144.60 meters ( 474 ft 5 in ) long overall , and 143.80 m ( 471 ft 9 in ) long at the waterline . They had a beam of 21.60 m ( 70 ft 10 in ) , a draft of 8.37 m ( 27 ft 6 in ) , and displaced 11,616 tonnes ( 11,433 long tons ) standard , and 12,985 t ( 12,780 long tons ) at full load . The ships ' hulls were constructed of transverse and longitudinal steel frames , over which the outer hull plating was riveted . The vessels had 15 watertight compartments and a double bottom that ran for 50 % of the length of the hull .
The ships had a standard crew of 38 officers and 726 enlisted men . Scharnhorst , as the squadron flagship , had a larger crew , including an additional 14 officers and 62 men . Gneisenau , when serving as the squadron second command flagship , had an extra staff of 3 officers and 25 men . The ships carried a number of smaller vessels , including two picket boats , two launches , one pinnace , two cutters , three yawls , and one dinghy .
Machinery [ edit ]
The Scharnhorst-class ships used the same powerplant as in the preceding Roon class : three 3-cylinder triple expansion engines . Each engine drove a single propeller ; the center shaft on Scharnhorst was 4.7 m ( 15 ft 5 in ) in diameter while the outer two were 5 m ( 16 ft 5 in ) wide . Gneisenau 's screws were slightly smaller , at 4.60 m ( 15 ft 1 in ) wide on the center shaft and 4.80 m ( 15 ft 9 in ) on the outer pair . The triple expansion engines were supplied with steam by 18 coal-fired marine-type boilers with 36 fire boxes . The engines were designed to provide 26,000 metric horsepower ( 19,000 kW ; 26,000 ihp ) , though on trials they achieved higher figures—28,782 ihp for Scharnhorst and 30,396 ihp for Gneisenau . The ships were rated at a top speed of 22.5 knots ( 41.7 km/h ; 25.9 mph ) , though on trials Scharnhorst steamed at a maximum of 23.5 knots ( 43.5 km/h ; 27.0 mph ) , while Gneisenau ran at 23.6 knots ( 43.7 km/h ; 27.2 mph ) . The vessels carried 800 t ( 790 long tons ) of coal normally , though they were capable of storing up to 2,000 t ( 2,000 long tons ; 2,200 short tons ) of coal . This provided a maximum range of 4,800 nautical miles ( 8,900 km ; 5,500 mi ) at a cruising speed of 14 knots ( 26 km/h ; 16 mph ) . The ships had a single rudder .
The vessels also carried the same electrical plant as in the older Roon-class ships . It consisted of four turbo-generators that delivered 260 kilowatts at 110 volts . The Scharnhorst-class ships were the last cruisers built by Germany to be equipped with generators that put out power at 110 volts ; the subsequent design , Blücher , had generators that ran at 225 volts .
Armament [ edit ]
Scharnhorst Forward gun turret on
The ships ' main battery armament consisted of eight 21 cm ( 8.3 in ) SK L/40 guns , [ a ] four in twin gun turrets , one fore and one aft of the main superstructure , and the remaining four were mounted in single wing turrets . The 21 cm guns fired a 108 kg ( 238 lb ) armor-piercing projectile at a muzzle velocity of 780 metres per second ( 2,600 ft/s ) . The guns had a rate of fire of between 4–5 rounds per minute . The guns were supplied with a total of 700 rounds . The guns mounted in the twin turrets could elevate to 30 degrees , which enabled a maximum range of 16,300 metres ( 17,800 yd ) . The single turrets could only elevate to 16 degrees , and so their range was correspondingly lower at 12,400 metres ( 13,600 yd ) . The twin turrets could train to approximately 150 degrees in either direction from the centerline .
Secondary armament included six 15 cm ( 5.9 in ) SK L/40 guns in MPL casemates . [ b ] These guns had a fired armor-piercing shell at a rate of 4–5 per minute . The ships carried 170 shells per gun , for a total of 1,020 rounds total . The guns could depress to −7 degrees and elevate to 20 degrees , for a maximum range of 13,700 metres ( 15,000 yd ) . They were manually elevated and trained .
The ships were also armed with eighteen 8.8 centimetres ( 3.46 in ) guns mounted in casemates . They fired 10 kg ( 22 lb ) shells at a muzzle velocity of approximately 620 metres per second ( 2,000 ft/s ) . The ship carried 150 shells per gun , for a total of 2,700 rounds . They were capable of engaging targets out to 11,000 m ( 12,000 yd ) . As with the larger 15 cm guns , the 8.8 cm weapons were manually elevated and trained .
As was customary for warships of the period , the Scharnhorst-class ships were equipped with four 45 cm ( 18 in ) submerged torpedo tubes . One was mounted in the bow , one on each broadside , and the fourth was placed in the stern . The ships were supplied with a total of 11 torpedoes . The weapons were the C/03 type , which weighed 662 kilograms ( 1,459 lb ) and carried 176 kilograms ( 388 lb ) high-explosive warhead . At a speed of 31 knots ( 57 km/h ; 36 mph ) , the torpedoes had an effective range of 1,500 metres ( 1,600 yd ) ; when set at a slower speed of 26 knots ( 48 km/h ; 30 mph ) , the weapons could hit targets out to twice the distance , at 3,000 metres ( 3,300 yd ) .
Armor [ edit ]
As was the standard for German warships , the ships of the Scharnhorst class were protected by Krupp armor . They had an armor belt that was 150 mm ( 5.9 in ) thick in the central portion of the ship , where the most important areas were located . The belt decreased to 80 mm ( 3.1 in ) on either end of the central citadel , and down to nothing at the bow and stern . The entire belt was backed with teak planking . The main armored deck ranged in thickness from 60 mm ( 2.4 in ) over critical areas and down to 35 mm ( 1.4 in ) elsewhere . The deck sloped down to the belt ; this portion was between 40–55 mm ( 1.6–2.2 in ) thick . The forward conning tower had 200 mm ( 7.9 in ) thick sides and a 30 mm ( 1.2 in ) thick roof . The rear conning tower was less well-armored , with sides that were only 50 mm ( 2.0 in ) thick and a roof that was 20 mm ( 0.79 in ) thick . The main battery gun turrets had 170 mm ( 6.7 in ) thick sides and 30 mm ( 1.2 in ) thick roofs , while the amidships guns were protected with 150 mm ( 5.9 in ) thick gun shields and 40 mm ( 1.6 in ) thick roofs . The 15 cm guns were armored with 80 mm ( 3.1 in ) thick shields .
Ships [ edit ]
Service history [ edit ]
Upon commissioning , both ships of the class were assigned to the German East Asia Squadron , with Scharnhorst serving as Admiral Maximilian von Spee 's flagship . Scharnhorst and Gneisenau were regarded as well-trained vessels ; both ships won awards for their excellence at gunnery . At the start of World War I , the two ships were in the Caroline Islands on a routine cruise ; the rest of von Spee 's squadron was dispersed around the Pacific . The declaration of war by Japan on Germany convinced von Spee to consolidate their force with the cruisers Leipzig and Dresden from the American station , and head for Chile to refuel . The flotilla would then attempt to return to Germany via the Atlantic Ocean . Admiral von Spee also intended to attack the three British cruisers under the command of Admiral Christopher Cradock , and any British shipping encountered . On 22 September , Scharnhorst and Gneisenau approached the island of Papeete in French Polynesia with the intention of seizing the coal stockpiled in the harbor . The ships conducted a short bombardment that resulted in the sinking of the old gunboat Zélée . However , von Spee feared that the harbor had been mined , and decided to avoid the risk . The French had also set fire to the coal stocks to prevent the Germans from using the coal .
Battle of Coronel [ edit ]
At approximately 17:00 on 1 November 1914 , the East Asia Squadron encountered Cradock 's ships off Coronel . Because the German ships had an advantage in speed , von Spee was able to keep the distance to 18 kilometers , before closing to 12 km ( 1.2×1013 nm ) to engage the British flotilla at 19:00 . Scharnhorst hit Good Hope some 34 times ; at least one of the shells penetrated Good Hope 's ammunition magazines , which resulted in a tremendous explosion that destroyed the ship . The light cruiser Nürnberg closed to point-blank range to attack Monmouth ; after a severe pummeling , Monmouth sank as well . The British light cruiser Glasgow and the auxiliary cruiser Otranto both escaped under the cover of darkness . First Sea Lord Jackie Fisher remarked that it was `` the saddest naval action of the war . '' The defeat was the first to be inflicted on the Royal Navy since the 1814 Battle of Plattsburgh . After news of the battle reached Kaiser Wilhelm II in Berlin , they ordered 300 Iron Crosses to be awarded to the men of von Spee 's squadron . After refueling in Valparaiso , the East Asia Squadron departed for the Falkland Islands , in order to destroy the British wireless transmitter located there .
Battle of the Falkland Islands [ edit ]
Inflexible picking up survivors from Gneisenau picking up survivors from
Some six hours after news of the battle reached England , Admiral Fisher ordered Admiral John Jellicoe , the commander of the Grand Fleet , to detach the battlecruisers Invincible and Inflexible to hunt down the German ships . Vice Admiral Doveton Sturdee was placed in command of the flotilla , which also included the armored cruisers Carnarvon , Cornwall , Defence , and Kent , and the light cruisers Bristol and Glasgow , which had survived Coronel . Sturdee 's ships reached the Falklands by the morning of 8 December , shortly before von Spee 's squadron arrived . The British spotted the East Asia Squadron at 09:40 ; von Spee was unaware that the British had sent the two battlecruisers , and when they observed them , they ordered their ships to withdraw . Despite the head start , the fast battlecruisers quickly caught up with the worn-out German ships , which had just completed a 16,000 mile voyages without repairs .
At approximately 13:20 , the battlecruisers opened fire at a range of 14 kilometres ( 8.7 mi ) . After a two-hour-long battle , Scharnhorst was dead in the water and listing heavily . The ship was sunk shortly thereafter . Gneisenau had been hit more than 50 times at close range ; the crew gave three cheers for the Kaiser before the vessel sank . Nürnberg and Leipzig were also sunk , though Dresden managed to escape temporarily , before they too are destroyed off Juan Fernández Island . Some 2,200 men were killed , among them Admiral von Spee .
Notes [ edit ]
^ Schnelladekanone ) denotes that the gun is quick firing , while the L/40 denotes the length of the gun . In this case , the L/40 gun is 40 In Imperial German Navy gun nomenclature , `` SK '' ( ) denotes that the gun is quick firing , while the L/40 denotes the length of the gun . In this case , the L/40 gun is 40 calibers , meaning that the gun barrel is 40 times as long as it is in diameter . ^ Mittel-Pivot-Lafette ( Central pivot mounting ) . See : MPL stands for ( Central pivot mounting ) . See : NavWeaps ( Ammunition , Guns and Mountings )
Citations [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Online sources
We 're often told the migrants making their way across the Mediterranean are “ fleeing war ” and that as a result , we need to take them all into Europe .
This may be the case for a number of Syrians whose lives have been destroyed by the Turkey-assisted Islamic State and the Russian-backed Bashar al Assad . But for a lot of the migrants seeking asylum seeker status in Europe , their claim to refugee-ism is shaky to say the least .
Thousands from Iran , Bangladesh , Pakistan , even India , are pouring across the Med and protesting in bizarre fashions when they 're told , “ Sorry , you 're economic migrants ” .
Despite that , the political Left , fuelled by open-borders activists and campaign groups , make the case for letting them all in .
Well okay , but if we 're going to play that game , then Europe 's indigenous population will soon have as great a claim to asylum across the world as many of the migrants landing in Greece .
After the Paris attacks , France said it was at “ war ” . It then invoked article 42.7 of the Lisbon Treaty ( the European Union 's founding document ) which effectively means all EU member states are now at war , out of solidarité with France . So , I guess we 're at war .
Well I want to flee to somewhere that is n't at war , please . It 's my human right .
https : //twitter.com/RaheemKassam/status/670286717711200256
The only problem is the Global Peace Index suggests that there are only 11 countries in the world not involved in some kind of conflict , and those are : Switzerland , Japan , Qatar , Mauritius , Uruguay , Chile , Botswana , Costa Rica , Vietnam , Panama and Brazil .
Yeah , Switzerland 's alright . But what if I fancy wearing a burqa down to the shops ?
Japan ? They 'll be at war with China soon .
Qatar ? Nah , if I want to take up horology I 'll pay the burqa fine in Switzerland .
Mauritius ? Sinking because of global warming , obviously .
The only one on the list I 've been to which was quite nice is Costa Rica , and then again I could only get 4mb/s download on their broadband . How am I supposed to exercise my human right to playing on my Xbox ?
But really , 11 countries not being at war sort of highlights the stupidity of the grandstanding by the pro-migration activists .
I guess America 's at war too… with drugs , with guns , with women , with poverty , with black people , with ISIS , and Bashar al Assad . But truth be told I could happily settle somewhere like Newport Beach in California . And since refugees are like pilgrims , I reckon I should be welcomed with open arms . Anyone got Obama 's number ?
Follow Raheem Kassam on Twitter
Storing , synching , editing and/or sharing files in the cloud has suddenly become big business . Startups like Box , Dropbox , and Syncplicity ( now owned by EMC ) sensed this long ago because their founders rightly predicted that the knowledge workers of the future would n't want to be emailing files to themselves and keeping track of various versions any more than they did . Ditto for carrying thumb drives around .
Fast forward a few years and the market cap for enterprise file sync and share ( EFSS ) services may be as big as a trillion dollars . It 's no wonder giants like Citrix , EMC , Google and Microsoft all want part ( or all ) of that action . Winning is critical to their ability to gain , or even retain , Enterprise market share .
As we 've written before , Microsoft is n't sitting back and watching as Google and Amazon race to the bottom on the price of cost storage . And while part of the reason they are doing this is to sell the Azure platform , the other part is retaining Microsoft Office , Office 365 and SharePoint market share . After all , as Enterprises map their cloud strategies , they 'll likely look at all of their options versus simply lobbing what they have on the ground to the sky .
Get Ready
So it goes to follow , that Microsoft will make a slew of announcements at its Worldwide Partner Conference next week .
There will be three around Office 365 for small to mid-size businesses that are aggressively priced :
Office 365 Business – The full Office applications suite – Outlook , Word , Excel , PowerPoint , OneNote and Publisher , with 1TB of OneDrive for Business cloud storage to access , edit and share your documents across your Windows PC , Mac , iPad , Windows tablet and smartphone
Office 365 Business Essentials – The core cloud services for running your business – business class email and calendaring , Office Online , online meetings , IM , video conferencing , cloud storage and file sharing and much more
Office 365 Business Premium – Get everything from both the Office 365 Business and Business Essentials plans
They 'll also elaborate on how Project Oslo Delve can search and discover content across Office 365 that delivers personalized insights based on machine learning . ( EMC Syncplicity , Box and Dropbox are all working on , or already have nascent versions of these capabilities ) .
From what we have seen , Delve discovers information that might be useful to you , helping you to work more efficiently and to look even smarter than you already are . According to Microsoft , Delve eliminates information silos that exist across applications , while better supporting information discovery to enable teams to work together as a network .
Worth Mentioning
Though we do n't generally cover Infrastructure-as-a-Service ( IaaS ) on CMSWire , when you can deploy a multi-tier , highly available SharePoint Farm in the cloud with a few clicks , it 's notable . According to Microsoft , its new IaaS functionality allows you to create , deploy , monitor and manage rich virtual machines ' based applications , and manage virtual networks within a fully customizable Portal experience .
One for All ?
The impact of all the announcements Microsoft will be making next week will beg Enterprise Architects and CIO 's to ask themselves a simple question : Why buy cloud services ( be they storage , platforms or applications ) from multiple sources when you can get best-in-class capabilities from one ? Is n't one throat to choke better than ten ?
The answer is , of course , whether the throat you are choking provides all of the remedies that you need in a timely fashion . And , quite frankly , this was one of the few concerns Gartner heard about Microsoft in its EFSS Magic Quadrant report . They wrote that some of the Microsoft customers they spoke to found it to be challenging to get specific support for OneDrive for Business because of Microsoft 's large portfolios .
So for EFSS vendors and anyone who wants to go up against Microsoft , where it does business , this might be a loophole , for now . We know that CEO Satya Nadella has already woken Redmond 's slumbering giant and shown the world that it has a new bag of tricks .
[ This post is by Eric Chu , Android Developer Ecosystem . — Tim Bray ]
Since we launched Android and Android Market , we have seen the population of Android users and devices expand into many countries . This widespread adoption has brought with it growing interest in Android Market 's support for the buying and selling of paid applications in these additional countries .
We have been hard at work on this and it is my pleasure to announce that effective today , developers from 20 more countries can now sell paid apps on Android Market . Additionally , over the next 2 weeks , users in 18 additional countries will be able to purchase paid apps from Android Market .
Support for paid application sales is now expanded to developers in 29 countries , with today 's additions of Argentina , Australia , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Hong Kong , Ireland , Israel , Mexico , New Zealand , Norway , Portugal , Russia , Singapore , South Korea , Sweden , Switzerland and Taiwan .
In addition , Android Market users from 32 countries will be able to buy apps , with the addition of Argentina , Belgium , Brazil , Czech Republic , Denmark , Finland , Hong Kong , India , Ireland , Israel , Mexico , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Russia , Singapore , Sweden , and Taiwan . No action is necessary if you have targeted your paid apps to be available to “ All Locations ” and would like to launch in these additional countries . If you have not selected “ All Locations ” and would like to target these additional countries , or if you have selected “ All Locations ” and do not want to launch your apps in these additional buyer countries , please visit the Android Market publisher site regularly over the next two weeks to make the necessary adjustments as the new buyer countries launch .
We remain committed to continuing to improve the buyer and seller experiences on Android Market . Among other initiatives , we look forward to bringing the Android Market paid apps ecosystem to even more countries in the coming months . Please stay tuned .
Moment of Truth in New Delhi
We 'll soon find out whether Prime Minister Singh can salvage something positive from their final two years in office
A previous post focused on the recent political crisis in Pakistan that resulted in Prime Minister Gilani 's removal and in the process further destabilizing the civilian government as well as complicating efforts to repair spiraling U.S.-Pakistan relations . As this drama was playing out , political intrigues were also afoot in New Delhi . Although it is too soon to know for sure , they might just prove cathartic and allow Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to shake off the policymaking torpor of the last three years .
Mr. Singh 's re-election in May 2009 – an unexpected political victory that they hailed as a “ massive mandate ” – sparked widespread hope that a spate of long-delayed economic reforms would finally be enacted . Indeed , the euphoria in the Indian business community was so great that frenzied trading at the Bombay Stock Exchange tripped the electronic breakers . But these high expectations have so far been misplaced . Just a few years ago , India was the darling of global investors and the country 's growth story was celebrated at the World Economic Forum in Davos . These days , however , foreign investment is fleeing the country at such a rapid clip that the rupee is now at record lows vis-à-vis the U.S. dollar .
The disillusionment is attributable , at least in part , to the fractiousness of Singh 's coalition government . As disappointments mounted about their record , they have sought to deflect responsibility by citing “ coalition dharma. ” A few months ago , Kaushik Basu , the finance ministry 's chief economic adviser , warned that coalition politics have so gummed up decision-making in New Delhi that serious movement on the reform agenda would have to wait until after parliamentary elections scheduled two years from now . They added that the best that can be hoped for until then is a sprinkling of minor initiatives .
Much of Singh 's travails can be traced to the Trinamool Congress , a political party based in West Bengal that is their most important coalition partner . Its head , Mamata Banerjee , has become what the Wall Street Journal calls “ a one-woman wrecking crew of the national government 's policy initiatives. ” The Economist terms them “ a coalition member so truculent as to be a virtual member of the opposition. ” A tribune of economic populism , they were instrumental late last year in forcing Singh 's ignominious retreat on opening up the huge retail sector to foreign companies , an act which would have had a transformative economic impact if it had been allowed to go forward . Indeed , they even reportedly snubbed the prime minister by refusing to take their phone call on the issue . They also have torpedoed a water-sharing treaty that was supposed to be the highlight of the prime minister 's landmark visit to Bangladesh last September as well as a proposal to create a national counter-terrorism center earlier this year .
Singh seemed resigned to the humiliations Banerjee regularly inflected on their reputation as an economic reformer , so much so that they seemed like a broken man to many observers . But events over the past two weeks suggest that Singh 's Congress Party has reached the limits of its patience with Banerjee 's intransigence . The showdown occurred over the selection of the country 's next president , who will be chosen July 19 by an electoral college composed of some 5,000 members of both houses of the national parliament and state legislative assemblies .
The presidency is the head-of-state post that is largely titular but also has significant discretionary authority in dealing with a hung parliament . Anticipating that no party will emerge from the 2014 elections with a clear parliamentary majority and that it may need inside help in forming a government , Congress nominated Pranab K. Mukherjee , a long-time party stalwart from West Bengal who has tons of ministerial experience and commands wide respect across the political spectrum . Banerjee rejected their candidacy , in part because they see Mukherjee as a rival influence in the state 's politics , but also because they want to create a national bloc of other regional parties that would run against Congress in the 2014 polls .
Opening defying their coalition partner , Banerjee put forth a list of their own presidential preferences , at the top of which was A.P.J . Abdul Kalam , a hero of India 's nuclear weapons program who earlier served a stint as president from 2002-2007 . Mr. Singh 's name was also on the list , a backhanded honor indicating that they no longer had confidence in their abilities as prime minister . To make sure Congress took notice , they sought to enlist the backing of the Samajwadi Party , which governs Uttar Pradesh , the country 's most populous state , and provides outside parliamentary support to Singh 's government . But their plans dramatically collapsed when Kalam announced that they were not interested in the job and Samajwadi swung its support to Mukherjee . *
With Congress appearing to have lined up the requisite number of votes , Mukherjee is a shoo-in for the July 19th poll . But the skirmish with Banerjee has ramifications beyond the issue of who should next occupy the opulent presidential palace . With the TMC chief being outmaneuvered , Singh now has a freer hand within their Cabinet to reactivate the reform agenda . They have already started making noises about taking “ tough decisions , ” including moving ahead on retail liberalization . But they may soon run into an even more formidable roadblock , one that Banerjee 's obstructions helped camouflage : the ambivalence of their Congress Party colleagues .
Sonia Gandhi , the matriarch of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty that controls the party , in particular does not share Singh 's reformist inclinations and is more given to market-distorting welfare spending that promises short-term electoral gains than productivity-enhancing measures whose effect will only be apparent over a longer frame . Them stance accounts for the huge budget deficits that Singh 's government is running but also the glaring silence in New Delhi last summer at the 20th anniversary of the 1991 reforms that launched India into its current economic orbit as well as Narasimha Rao 's erasure from the party 's institutional memory . Ironically , the success of the transformations that Singh set in motion two decades ago as Rao 's acclaimed finance minister have only reinforced the party 's status-quo orientation .
We will find out in the coming weeks whether Singh 's government will continue drifting aimlessly or can salvage something positive for its last two years in office . Much is hanging in the balance . If the prime minister is indeed able to charge ahead with reviving “ the animal spirits in the country 's economy ” as they now say they intend to do , they will put to rest growing suspicions that India is destined to be a stillborn great power . Ditto for the increasing doubts in Washington about Delhi 's capacity for making the big decisions necessary to advance bilateral ties .
* It was not a good week for Banerjee . The Kolkata ( formerly Calcutta ) High Court also struck down a law they championed that would have forced Tata Motors to forfeit the land it acquired in a high-profile auto plant project that it later shelved . Banerjee 's election as West Bengal 's chief minister in May 2011 was largely due to their populist agitations that caused Tata to move the project to Gujarat state .
This commentary was originally posted on Chanakya 's Notebook . I invite you to follow me on Twitter .
It did n't take long for a well-known U.S. Steel symbol to disappear from steel plants in Hamilton and Nanticoke on Friday .
Moments after a Superior Court decision allowing the steelmaker to sever ties with its Canadian counterpart , the flags were gone .
Typically , three flags fly in front of U.S. Steel Canada 's facilities — a Canadian one , an American one and the U.S. Steel one . But Justice Herman Wilton-Siegal released their decision around 5 p.m. on Friday , and minutes later , only the Canadian flag remained .
Bill Ferguson , president of United Steelworkers ( USW ) Local 8782 , says while they do n't know who removed them , the workers were happy about it .
`` ( The flags ) came down immediately and , as it stands right now , by party or parties unknown , '' they said .
Everybody is of the mind that we 're going to work towards that and we 're going to make it . - Bill Ferguson , United Steelworkers Local 8782 , on forming a new company called Stelco
It 's a symbolic move in a tumultuous story that involves 20,600 pensioners and 2,200 employees .
U.S. Steel Corp. purchased the struggling Stelco in 2007 . The sale involved a private agreement with the federal government that USW and Hamilton city officials have long feared would eventually hurt pensioners .
Last September , citing millions in losses , U.S. Steel Canada ( USSC ) entered bankruptcy protection under the Companies Creditors Arrangement Act ( CCAA ) . On Friday , Wilton-Siegal ruled that USSC could sever ties with its American parent company , U.S. Steel Corp. , and go forward as a new entity .
With the decision , Wilton-Siegal also permitted the company to suspend paying health-care benefits to retirees and property taxes , although for how long is unknown . They are expected to release more details on Tuesday .
Province offers $ 3M
Reaction to the decision was swift : Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa said their government would spend $ 3 million to establish `` a transitional fund '' administered by USSC and the union .
`` As the restructuring continues , it is important to remember that the company is still operating and retirees are still receiving their pensions , '' they said .
Andrea Horwath , Ontario NDP leader and Hamilton Centre MPP , was less measured , calling it `` an outrage and a devastating blow . ''
( It 's ) like working on the side of a volcano . - Bill Ferguson on the health impacts of working in a steel mill
`` This decision stems from the U.S. parent company 's threats to immediately cease all steel production and from a lack of action from both the federal and provincial governments to protect well-paying jobs in communities like Hamilton , '' Horwath said .
Mayor Fred Eisenberger said the city still does n't know the exact impact of the property tax decision . USSC pays $ 6 million per year in property taxes , and the remaining portion for 2015 is $ 1.6 million .
'We 're going to make it '
The city can manage this year , Eisenberger said , but a longer-term loss would put more onus on all Hamilton taxpayers . The city will wait until it knows more before it decides to appeal , they said .
Meanwhile , USW and workers hope to form a new company — also called Stelco — to operate the facilities , Ferguson said on Saturday .
`` As it stands today , everybody is of the mind that we 're going to work towards that and we 're going to make it , '' they said .
In the short term , the union is spending Thanksgiving weekend talking to retirees . Many pensioners retired early because of the health impacts of the job , which is `` like working on the side of a volcano , '' Ferguson said . Now they 're scared they wo n't have benefits , they added .
Steel industry analyst Charles Bradford said on Friday that he 's `` perplexed by how the situation developed in the first place . ''
'Opportunity to move forward '
USSC 's Lake Erie plant is valuable because it contains a rolling mill , a critical $ 1-billion piece of equipment , they said . The Hamilton plant does n't have that , so it 's only valuable in pieces , or when paired with the Nanticoke plant .
People have speculated that U.S. Steel bought the Stelco plant to eliminate the competition , but Bradford doubts that . If the plants close , they said , that would benefit nearby ArcelorMittal Dofasco more than U.S. Steel .
Marvin Ryder , a McMaster University expert , said U.S. Steel could end up buying the Lake Erie plant on its own now that it 's severing ties with USSC , or it could get the plant in a `` debt swap . '' Ferguson , though , said he 's `` not really '' worried about that .
Right now , much is uncertain . But Ferguson said no one is heartbroken to be out from under the shadow of the blue and white flag .
`` There 's a real sense that we have the opportunity to move forward now , '' they said .
samantha.craggs @ cbc.ca | @ SamCraggsCBC
Google Cardboard style virtual reality ( VR ) headsets are arguably going out of fashion . Despite a boom period post-launch in 2014 , the trend to create cheap plastic editions of the headsets is slowly reducing due to crowded marketplace and the falling prices of high-end mobile VR head-mounted displays ( HMDs ) . VRSE , however , seems to believe that the answer to fighting this trend is with branded content .
Two new smartphone-based headsets from VRSE are set to launch at retail this holiday season , featuring a unique aesthetic designed around the Batman and Jurassic World franchises . Each will come complete with a uniquely themed 3 degrees of freedom ( 3DoF ) controller and an exclusive VR videogame based on the respective franchises .
The VRSE SR10006 Batman Headset features a matt black finish with the famous Bat Symbol emboldened on the front plate , behind which the Android smartphone is inserted . The 3DoF controller included also thematically represents the franchise , and includes both a d-pad and input buttons .
The included videogame is designed to immerse players in the world of the Caped Crusader as they become the world 's greatest detective . Playing as Batman , you 'll battle your way through Gotham City , play with or against your friends in multiplayer and take a step back with additional arcade style mini-games .
The Jurassic World themed headset , VRSE SR10007 Jurassic World Headset , is similar in design to the Batman headset , though is khaki coloured and features three scratch marks across the face plate . The included VR videogame sees players escape the hunt of the dreaded Indominus Rex in either single-player or and multiplayer co-operative levels .
Both franchises have already birthed VR experiences , with Batman : Arkham VR available for high-end HMDs and Jurassic World : Apatosaurus having launched for the Samsung Gear VR back in 2015 .
Set to launch later this year , you can now pre-order the VRSE SR10006 Batman Headset and the VRSE SR10007 Jurassic World Headset for £69.99 GBP each . VRFocus will keep you updated with the latest VR headsets from VRSE and the future of branded content in the immersive technology industry .
NSW councils sue Standard and Poor 's over losses
Updated
The Federal Court is hearing a landmark case brought by 13 New South Wales local councils against international credit ratings agency Standard and Poor 's .
A lawyer representing the councils , Noel Hutley SC , has told the court in Sydney that their clients were misled by the agency into losing money during the global financial crisis .
The councils , including Bathurst and Corowa shire , have accused Standard and Poor 's of leading them to buy complex investments called Constant Proportion Debt Obligation Notes in 2006 .
The agency gave the notes its highest investment rating , AAA , but the investments were hit hard when the financial crisis came in 2008 .
The councils say they lost more than $ 15 million and are seeking to recoup their losses by suing Standard and Poor 's .
Mr Hutley told the court the trial would run until at least the end of November and they intended to call witnesses from as far afield as London .
Standard and Poor 's and global bank ABN Ambro , which issued the notes , are defending the case .
The companies this morning opposed the release of documents on the case to the media .
John Walker , from litigation funder IMF Australia , says the case is internationally significant .
`` This is the first time to our understanding that a ratings agency has now been brought before a court at trial in order to respond or to defend their position concerning the ratings of these synthetic derivatives , '' they said .
`` Around the world , we think it 's the first time . ''
Topics : courts-and-trials , local-government , business-economics-and-finance , sydney-2000 , bathurst-2795 , corowa-2646
First posted
Ever wish you could search Google by smell ? Now you can .
APRIL FOOLS !
Google , as per tradition , is out with their latest April Fools ' Day prank to celebrate the practical joke-based holiday .
Google Nose BETA , the company 's new fictional product , promises `` to offer the sharpest olfactory experience available . ''
A video introducing Google Nose ( viewable above ) explains that the feature allows users to `` search for smells . '' Seems complicated , right ? Well that 's because it is ( it 's also fake ) . The product intersects `` photons with infrasound waves '' and `` temporarily aligns molecules to emulate a particular scent . '' The `` mobile aroma indexing program '' at the heart of the product has amassed a `` 15 million scentibyte database of smells from around the world . ''
But what about mobile ? Well , Google has you covered . Their `` Android Ambient Odor Detection '' allows you to collect smells on your phone .
It all sounds so great . But your nose will have to wait , because this incredible technology only exists in a fictional universe . Check out Google 's 2011 and 2012 April Fools ' Day pranks here and here .
Shakespeare wrote in Julius Caesar :
“ There is a tide in the affairs of men .
Which , taken at the flood , leads on to fortune ;
Omitted , all the voyage of their life
Is bound in shallows and in miseries .
On such a full sea are we now afloat ,
And we must take the current when it serves ,
Or lose our ventures . ”
Elizabeth Warren should endorse the presidential candidacy of Bernie Sanders before the New Hampshire primary or , in the alternative , Mr. Sanders should publicly state that if they receive the Democratic nomination their first act will be to ask Ms. Warren to run with them as their vice-presidential nominee in a historic and revolutionary campaign to bring back the spirit of Theodore Roosevelt , Franklin Delano Roosevelt and John F. Kennedy to the leadership of the nation .
The coming weeks will be one of the most important moments in the history of the American progressive movement .
Hillary Clinton will begin their inevitable move toward the right , guided by their corporatist campaign consultants .
It is possible Mr. Sanders will win both the Iowa caucus and the New Hampshire , shock the political world , electrify the Democratic party and turn the presidential campaign from a sickening spectacle of personal insults and phony politics into a forum to create and bring to power a new progressive populist majority .
It is also possible Mr. Sanders will ultimately lose the Iowa caucus and New Hampshire primary , proceed to lose the Southern primaries that follow , and cease to be viable candidate for the presidency , in which case a triumphant Hillary Clinton will shift their tactics and begin their inevitable move toward the right with the false belief , guided by their corporatist campaign consultants , that this would be their path to victory in November .
According to the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library , one of the favorite quotes of President Kennedy and Robert Kennedy was their version of one from Dante 's Inferno : the hottest places in hell are reserved for those who in times of moral crisis preserve their neutrality .
With the future of the Democratic Party and the nation hanging in the balance , now is the time for Ms. Warren to end their neutrality in the presidential campaign and endorse Mr. Sanders , or for Mr. Sanders to take the revolutionary act and say that if nominated they would offer them the vice presidential nomination and seek to run on a Sanders-Warren ticket .
Revolutions are won by boldness and daring that excites and mobilizes vast numbers of people behind causes that lift their lives and transform the future of their country .
Here is what almost certainly happens if either of my suggestions becomes reality in the next few weeks :
On the morning after the New Hampshire primary , a triumphant Mr. Sanders and Ms. Warren will be standing on a platform in New Hampshire celebrating a great victory and taking their progressive populist vision from one corner of the nation to the other .
The citizen-small donors who support the Sanders campaign will pour oceans of money into the coffers of their campaign that will shatter all historic records and create a true revolution in the history of campaign finance that would be one of the most democratizing events in America since Jefferson put pen to paper .
The ratings-hungry corporatists and sensationalists who run political television and have turned TV political coverage into a distasteful freak show of falsehoods and insults will swarm over the Sanders-Warren victory like bees swarm to honey and take the Sanders-Warren message of government of the people , by the people and for the people to every living room across the nation .
In an era when progressive populism has waves of support from voters that is not reflected by traditional politicians or media that covers them , suddenly—in what will appear as an immaculate conception to the old guard of conventional politics and media—the people of the nation will finally be presented with a choice for change that has a chance of prevailing and not echo of a decrepit status quo that seems to always prevail no matter how powerfully the voters express their demands for change .
John Lennon once asked : “ You say you want a revolution ? ” Revolutions , from 1776 until today , are not won by caution or calculation . They are won by boldness and daring that excites and mobilizes vast numbers of people behind causes that lift their lives and transform the future of their country .
Mr. Sanders is the great champion in the presidential campaign of a progressive populist future in the tradition of the great Democratic presidents in American history . Ms. Warren is the great champion in the Congress of this vision of America in which a rising tide truly lifts all boats in an America where equality becomes a way of life and not merely a campaign slogan .
If they come together before the New Hampshire primary the result will be a modern Lexington and Concord with revolutionary impact—in deed as well as words—that would bring real change that voters can truly believe in .
I strongly supported the selection of Elizabeth Warren to lead the consumer protection agency that was born from their vision . That did not happen . Then I was one of the first columnists to call for a draft movement to bring them to the Senate seat once held by the incomparable giant Ted Kennedy . That did happen—and ever since then I have proudly written of Ms. Warren as the conscience of the Senate , which they are and will always remain so long as they serve in what was once called the great deliberative body but is now a Republican-controlled bastion of obstruction and dysfunction .
Some Democrats have suggested , incorrectly in my view , that the best course for Ms. Warren is to remain neutral in the presidential race to “ preserve them influence. ” I believe this is nonsense . In the Republican-dominated Senate , through no fault of their own , no progressive senator has any influence at this time . Similarly , if Ms. Clinton sweeps to victory in Iowa and New Hampshire and becomes the de facto nominee shortly thereafter , many in the liberal base will be deeply disillusioned as Ms. Clinton begins their move to the right , confident that liberals have no place else to go in a general election against Republicans .
By contrast , if the scenario I suggest unfolds , Ms. Clinton will almost immediately take more forceful progressive positions to meet the challenge , which would make them a better and more progressive candidate and , in my view , a more electable nominee and better president if they are ultimately nominated and elected .
In the scenario I suggest the influence of both Mr. Sanders and Ms. Warren would skyrocket no matter which candidate receives the nomination .
If Mr. Sanders receives the nomination with a victorious progressive populist surge their influence would soar with the potential to lead the nation to a new era of historic progressive leadership .
If Ms. Clinton receives the nomination Mr. Sanders and Ms. Warren would be absolutely essential to their general election victory by first encouraging them to campaign on a strongly progressive agenda and then rousing all liberals and Democrats to come to the polls with an enthusiasm that only they can generate at the presidential campaign level .
You say you want a revolution ? The joining together of Mr. Sanders and Ms. Warren , one way of the other , is by far the best way to make it happen !
Quick Summary
Pros : The story 's big mystery is slowly revealed in a satisfying and exciting way . The character moments are wonderful and make the cast even more charming than before . The entire book looks beautiful .
Cons : The jump from the story 's beginning to middle is a little jarring .
Overall : This is a book that blends all the curiosity and innocence of youth with the wonder and delight of magic . Readers will witness the entirety of the DC magic universe on display in a way that is accessible to fans both new and old . The characters are fun , the storyline is compelling , and the art looks great . This is a great read and there is absolutely no reason to wait on picking up this comic .
Story
Mystik U # 1 , by Alisa Kwitney , is a wonderful blend between Harry Potter and mainstream comic books that brings both youthful charm and compelling mystery to the forefront . Readers will fall in love with this cast of characters as they watch them go about their lives in a new and fascinating world of magic . That 's not all this story offers though , as this one issue also manages to setup a cryptic and compelling threat that will , at some point in the future , oppose all the characters we now love . This first issue does a great job in setting up what appears to be an incredible new series .
( spoilers start here )
The issue starts out in the future , where an apocalyptic event has apparently destroyed the majority of the magical community and now threatens the entire world . To remedy this , Zatanna and Rose Psychic reset time and attempt to fix the situation in the past . This is the book 's overarching plotline and is what the story will come back to at various points in this issue .
In this way , readers slowly begin to discover more and more about who or what this future threat is . Not everything is revealed at once , as the focus on the mystery is mostly pushed to the background . For some stories this would be annoying , but for this one it simply makes it better . Being given tidbits of information here and there will satisfy reader 's constant curiosity without spilling the beans too quickly . This sets the entire series up for a much larger and more significant climax when the truth finally does come out .
This unique structure also allows for an abundance of decompression and character moments . Since the big mystery is not the main focus , the spotlight shines on the smaller and more day-to-day occurrences at Mystik U . This means that readers get to see the protagonists go to class , flirt , and just enjoy their new life together . It is a different but incredibly fun way to tell a story and is the perfect way to get everyone to fall in love with these characters .
This is great because the characters themselves end up being the book 's biggest draw . Zatanna clearly headlines the book , however the spotlight is balanced and ends up being shared with each of the secondary characters as well . They are all individuals , given proper backstories and unique motivations . I left this book equally interested in the affairs of every character and was ready to dive right into their personal struggles , relationships , and pursuit of magic . Its amazing that , in just one comic , Alisa Kwitney is able to setup a climatic battle for the fate of the world while somehow also finding the time to make every character in the book a unique treasure .
The only real complaint I would pit against this first issue is that transitions occasionally happen in a quick and unnatural manner . Zatanna goes from knowing nothing about the world of magic to being a regular student at Mystik U . The change happens too quickly and feels a bit jarring , especially considering Zatanna just lost their father as well . If some sort of time gap where indicated between these events it would make more sense , but without this the jump seems strange .
( spoilers end here )
Art
Mike Norton and Jordie Bellaire 's artwork in this collection looks awesome and perfectly encapsulates the tone that this book needs to have . Every page looks youthful , colorful , and bright in a way that exudes charm and wonder . I was sold upon seeing Mystik U for the first time , the two page spread was absolutely gorgeous and left me staring for a while before I was able to move on . This is a book where the art perfectly matches the story the creative team is trying to tell and that helps make the entire comic better .
In particular , I got a kick out of Norton 's habit of inserting small details throughout the book in order to give Mystik U a sense of history . Hidden artifacts in the walls , magical creatures everywhere , and the names of fallen heroes on gravestones make the school feel like it really is the epicenter of magic in this world . It also provides a great deal of reread potential , as I often found myself scanning through previous pages just to find all the little details that I missed the first time around .
Continuity
Mystik U # 1 marks the beginning of a brand-new series in DC Comics . Though it features characters from other books , it does not reference or utilize their history in a way that will confuse new readers . Hardcore fans will see a lot of familiar faces , while new fans can feel comfortable jumping into this book without having any experience with these characters
Share this : Print
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally in De Pere , Wis. , on March 30 . ( Jim Young/Reuters )
Daniel W. Drezner is a professor of international politics at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and a regular contributor to PostEverything
Earlier this week I argued , among other things , that it was futile for well-meaning advocates to try to latch onto Donald Trump as a vessel for pointing out policy shibboleths . The problem with Trump is that their brand is so toxic that even their occasional moments of lucidity are tarnished .
Writing in the New York Times , Zeynep Tufekci makes the most explicit case that this is wrong . Relying on the logic of shifting the Overton Window of “ acceptable ” policy ideas , Tufekci suggests that Trump & the Trumpkins have revealed that the existing gatekeepers are wearing no clothes :
For worse , and sometimes for better , the Overton window is broken . We are in an era of rapidly weakening gatekeepers . … Mr. Trump does n't only speak outrageous falsehoods ; they also voice truths outside the Overton window that have been largely ignored , especially by Republican elites . For example , academic research shows that rather than deep cuts , Tea Party voters actually favor government programs , as long as they perceive a benefit for themselves . It 's fairly obvious that the current model of global trade provides a lot more benefits to corporations than to workers , and yet it took Mr. Trump 's rise to have this basic issue widely covered . In Fayetteville , Mr. Trump complained that much of the military 's expensive weaponry had been purchased simply because the large corporations selling it had political clout . As they said this , the people around me , many of them from military families , leapt to their feet in approval . … The Trump phenomenon is not simply a creation of newspaper columnists or cable news bookers who initially thought their candidacy was a joke to be exploited for ratings . Their emergence shows the strength of their supporters , united on social media , who believe that the media is a joke . Mr. Trump and their fans have broken the Overton window , and there is no going back .
As someone writing a book called “ The Ideas Industry , ” I recognize the precise phenomenon that Tufekci is highlighting here . Indeed , on foreign policy questions in particular — nonproliferation , U.S. alliances , foreign economic policy — Trump is genuinely challenging decades of accepted givens about how the United States should interact with the world . It would seem that Tufekci is also correct that , for the past nine months , the traditional critics and gatekeepers have done a bad job of rebutting these ideas .
Here 's the thing , though , and it goes back to what I said on Monday : What if Tufekci has underestimated the ability of critics to discredit Trump ? What if they implode ? What happens to their ideas then ?
Trump 's political epitaph has been written a lot in the primary season , and to be clear my money is that they still become the GOP nominee for president . But for all of Tufekci 's talk about the loyalty of Trump 's supporters , the man remains a spectacularly unpopular presidential candidate . Do n't take my assertion on this point : click here and here and here and here and here and here and so on . It 's not hard to find evidence that Trump is : ( a ) unpopular and ( b ) getting way more unpopular .
[ The real reason Trump is winning : No one thought they could . ]
Within a crowded GOP field , Trump 's jerk persona and heterodox ramblings clearly draw enough support for them to do well . In a general election , he 's such an undisciplined , unmitigated disaster that there 's talk of Democrats retaking the U.S. House of Representatives .
This is happening at the same time that Trump is getting pilloried for their foreign policy statements . Even the foreign policy experts most sympatico with Trump 's worldview are shunning him .
This is clearly correlation and not causation : Remember , most Americans do n't care all that much about foreign policy . But it raises the bigger question : What does the Overton Window look like if Trump craters ? Tufekci is looking at the hard-core Trumpkins . What about the rest of the country ?
There 's already polling evidence that Americans have shifted their attitudes on Trump 's signature policy idea , and not in the way Trumpkins will like :
In September of 2015 , 46 percent of those polled said they favored building a fence along America 's southern border with Mexico . But in its latest poll , Pew found that support had fallen significantly , with only 38 percent favoring a border fence . When the question was reframed to ask about a border wall as opposed to a border fence , only 34 percent said they would favor building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border . Support for the legalization of illegal immigration also hit a new high , with 75 percent of poll respondents saying that illegal immigrants should be able to stay in the U.S. rather than being deported . Only 23 percent , a new low , said they favored a national law enforcement effort to deport illegal immigrants . In 2014 , 30 percent of respondents said all illegal immigrants should be deported .
To be fair , Pew also shows some public souring on free trade , although even on that issue the evidence is murky .
My point is this : The problem with Trump is that he 's the worst possible messenger for any counterintuitive idea . The more that the mainstream media and actual policy experts pillory Trump for their various transgressions , the more limited their appeal will be to the American electorate — and , concomitantly , the less popular their ideas will be .
[ Trickle-down Trumpism wo n't work for GOP candidates ]
It is easy , as Trump seems poised to capture the GOP nomination , to think that their campaign will transform the marketplace of ideas and that they have shifted the Overton Window . Tufekci might very well be right , and goodness knows I 've been wrong about the ceiling of Trump 's appeal .
Still , I want to suggest that there is an alternative outcome : Trump crashes and burns either as the GOP nominee or as a third-party candidate . Both demographic trends and historical evidence suggest that Trump 's movement is more likely to flame out rather than sustain itself .
Which means that , a year from now , the Overton Window could have indeed shifted — away from Trump 's ideas .
During our recent webcam chat ( watch below ) , “ Modern Family ” co-creator Christopher Lloyd speaks out about the possibility of their show winning a record sixth Emmy award for Best Comedy Series . “ I 'm sure it sounds like a cliche , but there was n't a possibility that we thought we would be in this position when we started the series , so it all seems like a wonderful situation to be in , that we 're even in line potentially to do this . ”
Watch dozens of video chats with 2015 Emmy contenders
“ Having said that , it matters to us , it matters a lot , ” Lloyd continues . “ We work hard and we do have certain things that spur us on , and the Emmys happens to be one of them . And it would be disingenuous to say we 've won and we do n't care about that . We care about it … Let 's keep at it , because it would really be cool if we did something so historic like that . ”
Besides their five series wins for “ Modern Family , ” they were also the showrunner on “ Frasier ” where they claimed another five Best Comedy trophies . And their two Emmys for Best Writing brings their tally to an even dozen . “ I 'm proud of it . And having said that , which sounds self-congratulatory , I have to say I feel really lucky . ”
Despite their show currently topping Gold Derby 's Emmy rankings with leading odds of 4/1 to win Best Comedy Series , Lloyd jokes , “ We 're certainly not writing any speech . That seems extremely like you 're tempting fate in a very bad way . ”
Below : Watch our complete interview with Lloyd where they chat about their favorite episodes from Season 6 , and then use the easy drag-and-drop menu to tell us if you think “ Modern Family ” will win Best Comedy Series at the Emmys .
Emmy experts : ‘ Modern Family , ' ‘ Mad Men ' will break records with wins
Make your predictions and you could win a place of honor on our leaderboard , a starring role in next year 's Top 24 Users ( the two dozen folks who do the best predicting this year 's Emmys line-up ) , and one of three contest prizes : $ 500 for first place , $ 300 for second place , and $ 200 for third place . Prizes will be bestowed as gift certificates to be redeemed at Amazon . See our contest rules for more info .
Average Gold Derby users just like YOU often turn out to be our smartest prognosticators , so it 's important that you give us your predictions . Your picks influence our User racetrack odds , which also factor into our official combined odds .
The Top 24 Users did the best at predicting last year 's Emmy nominations ( 78.55 % ) when competing against Gold Derby 's Editors ( 77.68 % ) , all Users ( 74.78 % ) and the Experts ( 74.64 % ) . Which group will be victorious this year ?
Register/log in to your account ( or create an account with one click using Facebook , Twitter , or Google ) so you can also compete to predict TV shows like “ Game of Thrones , ” “ Survivor ” and more .
Since the late 1960s , dimestore horror novels have been spooking readers with all manner of kitschy occult . But evil babies and scary animals aside , some of these books contain strong social commentary – and very good writing
From killer crabs and murderous moths to possessed clowns , via were-sharks and evil babies , Grady Hendrix estimates they read a horrific 326 books as research for Paperbacks from Hell , their fabulously detailed , hilariously intense history of the horror paperbacks of the 1970s and 80s .
“ It might be slightly higher , but at a certain point I started experiencing blackouts , ” they say . “ On a slow day I could read about two books , and on a good working day four . There were some days when I managed to put away six , but I was an absolute wreck the next day … I strongly encourage no one to attempt this , as it 's nothing to brag about and could cause lasting brain damage . ”
Out just in time for Halloween , Paperbacks from Hell traces the origins of pulp horror , its roots in the gothic romance boom of the 1960s , and how between 1967 and 1973 , the massive success of Ira Levin 's Rosemary 's Baby , Thomas Tryon 's The Other and William Peter Blatty 's The Exorcist influenced the fiction that came after . As Hendrix puts it in their book : “ Soon every paperback needed Satan on the cover. ” The occult was in fashion , and in a big way .
What kind of man would write a novel about Nazi leprechauns lurking in an Irish castle that 's been turned into a B & B ?
What possessed Hendrix to delve into the genre ? “ I love roaming around used bookstores and a lot of them have horror sections full of books I 'd never heard of , by authors whose names did n't ring any bells . Where did these books come from ? What kind of man would write a novel about Nazi leprechauns lurking in an Irish castle that 's been turned into a bed and breakfast ? ” they say , citing John Christopher 's 1966 book The Little People . “ Who was the genius who wrote the African American version of The Exorcist , The Black Exorcist ? Why were there so many killer dolls on so many covers ? I kept looking for some answers , before finally realising that if I wanted any of that I 'd have to do it myself . ”
The books Hendrix studied – which are largely out of print – feature “ Jewish monster brides , sex witches from the fourth dimension , flesh-eating moths , homicidal mimes … golems stalking Long Island ” , they write . They were written for supermarkets and drugstores , and according to Hendrix , they are “ timeless in the way that truly matters : they will not bore you ” .
“ Thrown into the rough-and-tumble marketplace , the writers learned they had to earn every reader 's attention . And so they delivered books that move , hit hard , take risks , go for broke . It 's not just the covers that hook your eyeballs . It 's the writing , which respects no rules except one : always be interesting , ” they write .
Hendrix says they love the horror genre because it literalises everyday terrors . “ Anxious about being a first-time homeowner ? Here 's a book where the house you bought wants to kill you and you can only abandon your down payment and run screaming into the night . Do you have a hard time being understood by others ? Here 's a book about a woman transformed into a skinless monster who can only howl with rage and murder everyone around them Dealing with post-traumatic stress disorder after coming home from combat ? Here 's a book about a veteran who moves to the countryside to get away from it all only to discover that he 's living in a house haunted by the ghost of witch who wants to drive them insane . ”
Paperbacks from Hell follows the development of horror subgenres – from that of the homicidal child ( “ adopted or chemically altered children should be destroyed immediately because they can not be reformed ” ) , to the “ cultured and elegant ” devils of the 1970s ( “ They had violet eyes , black dogs and vast libraries of antique tomes , and when they died their souls slipped into good guys ' bodies ” ) .
They look at how cultural and societal changes affected horror – changes in contraception and fertility treatments in the 1960s and 70s , for example , birthed a swath of horror novels about pregnancy and childbirth . “ Fortunately , horror paperbacks were there to address every new parent 's fears with a resounding ‘ Yes ! ' ” they note . “ Yes , having sex will cause your baby to die , especially if that sex involved a female orgasm ( Crib , 1982 ) . Yes , having a baby will cause a woman 's breasts to look ‘ as though a vandal had defaced a great work of art ' ( also Crib ) . Yes , you will be confined to a locked mental ward after giving birth ( too many books to list ) . Yes , if you have an abortion , the remains will be buried in a shallow grave behind the hospital , where they will be struck by lightning and reanimated as brain-eating babies who telekinetically explode your womb ( Spawn , 1983 ) . ”
There is the evil toys subgenre , the clowns subgenre , the insects attacking human genitals subgenre , the haunted-house trope , evil foetuses and evil vegetables ( generally Venus flytraps or as Hendrix puts it , “ salad of the damned ” ) .
But Hendrix 's favourite , they say , is “ the animal attacks novels that that came out in the wake of Peter Benchley 's Jaws and James Herbert 's The Rats ” , both published in 1974 .
“ For some reason , animals really love to eat British people , and Great Britain became to animal attacks what Japan was to giant monster attacks , ” they say . “ You guys have been invaded by killer dogs , cats , lizards , moths , crabs , jellyfish , maggots , rabbits , frogs , pigs , geese and slugs , and that 's just off the top of my head . I love the idea that animals are sick and tired of our baloney and that all of them , from ducks to border collies , have declared open season on anything that wears socks . ”
By the late 80s , the supernatural horror market was glutted , and the publication of Thomas Harris 's The Silence of the Lambs in 1988 marked its collapse , as readers turned to gore and serial killers instead of the occult . But it has n't vanished .
“ At the end of the horror paperback boom in the mid-90s , marketing departments scraped the word ‘ horror ' off spines and replaced it with ‘ thriller ' . Authors rewrote their manuscripts to turn their suddenly lame vampires into hip and trendy serial killers . We 're still living in the shadow of those events , ” says Hendrix , who believes Gone Girl author Gillian Flynn 's bestsellers are horror sold as thrillers . “ I look at the rash of domestic thrillers that are burning up the bookshelves right now and I see the gothic novels of the 1960s all over again . ”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ed Soyka 's stepback cover for the 1975 novel The Manitou by Graham Masterton .
Fortunately , Hendrix says they do n't find the genre that scary . There is one book which made their jaw “ drop open again and again and again ” , though : Brenda Brown Canary 's The Voice of the Clown , “ about a six-year-old whose stuffed clown doll whispers in their ear , telling them how to murder their siblings and drive their parents insane ” .
And they cite the “ absolute genius ” of Ken Greenhall 's novels Elizabeth and Hell Hound . “ Greenhall was treated terribly all their life , published by the most bottom-of-the-barrel publishers , fired by their own agent for being too old , and they worked as an encyclopedia editor to pay the bills . But if any author is the inheritor of Shirley Jackson 's chilly , precise prose , it 's Greenhall , ” they say . “ Elizabeth could almost be a sequel to Jackson 's We Have Always Lived in the Castle and Hell Hound is narrated by a bull terrier searching for an owner who lives up to their high standards , which means they have to keep killing the owners who disappoint him . If I can get one person to read Greenhall 's books , I 'll consider Paperbacks from Hell to have been a success . ”
Halloween reading with Andrew Michael Hurley – books podcast Read more
Hendrix is also a novelist – their books include My Best Friend 's Exorcism and a tale of a haunted Ikea-esque furniture shop called Horrorstör – but they do n't think pulp horror is about to make a comeback . “ They 're products of their times . Our culture has kind of passed the point where people can read books about Nazi leprechauns , women having their brains melted by spontaneous orgasms caused by extraterrestrials , or Native American curses causing coyotes to walk on two legs and kill without having seizures . ”
But they do think that reading so many horror novels has improved their own writing . “ These books had one rule : never be boring . They taught me to keep pushing , to not repeat what 's been done and to always head for territory other authors have n't ploughed into oblivion . ”
Henry cited a source inside a top GOP presidential campaign who said Clinton “ looked presidential and was in command ” and called the hearings a “ total wipeout ” for GOP members . Van Susteren agreed , saying Clinton 's performance was closer to the politician they had watched over the years than the tentative , stumbling Clinton of this campaign so far .
Of course , Henry and van Susteren are parts of Fox 's news crew . Bill O'Reilly , one of the network 's talking heads , focused not on how the hearings had gone but on whether Clinton was trustworthy .
At the Washington Examiner , columnist Byron York was similarly damning about the proceedings , though they blamed Clinton and committee Democrats for throwing things off track :
A hearing billed as an epic , High Noon-style confrontation—granted , the hype came from the media , not Republican committee members themselves—instead turned out to be a somewhat interesting look at a few limited aspects of the Benghazi affair . In other words , no big deal . And that is very , very good news for Hillary Clinton .
Newseum
Ashe Schow concurred : “ She appeared competent , but they did n't ‘ wow ' anyone . The fact of the matter is that Ms. Clinton simply has to show up and not fail , and they will be declared a winner. ” The Boston Herald , a right-leaning tabloid , blared that “ HILLARY SKATES THROUGH MARATHON BENGHAZI HEARING , ” with a picture of a bored-looking Clinton resting their chin on their hand .
Erick Erickson argues that Benghazi remains worthy of investigation , but dismissed Thursday 's hearing as a manner of achieving that .
The hearings are a waste of time because everything about it is politicized and nothing is going to happen . There will be no scalp collection . In fact , it is clear from today 's hearing that Rep. Trey Gowdy and Rep. Peter Roskam seem to be the only two people on the committee of either party who are capable of asking exacting , precise questions . Most of the rest of the committee just wants to grandstand for the folks back home as either prosecutors of or defenders of Hillary Clinton .
Moreover , they added , “ Mrs . Clinton too is far too bright to be trapped in this or any questions . ”
The Weekly Standard 's Stephen Hayes had a similar view—grudging respect for Clinton 's appearance as theater , resentment at the substance of what they said , and frustration with the way Republicans carried themselves during the hearing :
The coverage of the hearings—from the earliest tweets to the final page-one wraps—focused almost entirely on the style of Clinton 's performance rather than the substance of their testimony . And it must be said : They were impressive . Clinton was unflappable even as some Republicans on the panel took gratuitous shots at her , spun personal theories about their motives , and even questioned whether they cared about the fate of the survivors of those attacks . But they were “ impressive ” only if the words that passed their lips were immaterial to evaluating their overall presentation .
Some conservative reporters zeroed in on a discussion over the cause of the events—were they a planned terrorist attack , or a spontaneous demonstration by people upset about a video about Islam ? “ It took two and a half hours , but Republicans members of the House Select Committee on Benghazi just dropped a bombshell on former secretary of state Hillary Clinton , ” wrote National Review 's Brendan Bordelon . Sharyl Attkisson made a similar case . ( Clinton said that the U.S understanding of what had happened was fluid , and that they continue to believe the video played a role in the attack . )
Understanding the types of men who support female genital mutilation can help campaigners to end the practice
A man 's role within cultures that practice FGM is often encompassed by behaviour that can be both brutal and blase at the same time . While every context carries its own detail , identifying the major attributes in their relationship with FGM can be the first step in turning men into drivers of change .
Mr apathetic
Men can afford to be blase about FGM because the dirty end of the work – the physical mutilation – is usually carried out by older women .
Just as wartime generals never have to descend into trenches , this distance from the mutilation allows men the illusion of absolution and the comfort of not seeing the immediate horrors of the practice . “ FGM is women 's business , ” they say . “ Go ask them why it 's done . ”
As the dominant gender wherever FGM is practiced , fathers and brothers need to be given a graphic understanding of the practice – both in order to visualise the horror and also to discount the casual ( and grossly inaccurate ) comparisons made with male circumcision . The Cruel Cut on Channel 4 did this to great effect with Somali youth in the UK .
Mr aggressive
A man goes from being dismissive to actively aggressive when consummating their marriage to a woman who has undergone the cut .
The trauma of the initial procedure is relived when the vagina has to be opened up for intercourse and childbirth . Even where the type of FGM is supposedly “ lighter ” and without stitching , the trauma can be compounded by the fact men are conditioned to connect male virility with force and domination .
Challenging these concepts is hardest of all , since it requires communities to come up with new concepts of masculinity – something every society is struggling with .
Mr anxious
The irony is that most men are oppressed by their own notions of masculinity and see it very much as a social demand expected of them , sometimes even by a brutalised partner .
Virtually all the FGM husbands I have spoken to are initially shamed by the pain that is inflicted but later tend rationalise it as collateral damage inevitable in the preservation of culture and traditions .
Parents , too , can feel a terrible apprehension and loss of immediate control over events . I remember sitting next to a very troubled father in western Sudan who pleaded with an over-excited group of older women to “ be light ” with their four daughters during the family 's circumcision ceremony .
I later learned that being light in that context meant the excision of the entire clitoris along with the inner labia – a procedure which was still a few steps short of the most extreme form of FGM common to that region which involves even more severe cutting and stitching .
This underlying disquiet among men should encourage campaigners as this offers the opportunity to start conversations about how unnatural FGM seems once it 's removed from cultural and religious justifications .
Mr misinformed
Some men hide behind misinterpretations of religion and see any attempt to stop FGM as a western conspiracy to corrupt and liberate women .
This is a legitimate concern that needs to be addressed . While the campaign to end FGM can not be isolated from the emancipation of women and girls , campaigners need to assure very traditional and religious communities that stopping the practice is not the first step towards binge drinking on Saturday nights .
For their part , faith groups also need to be vocal in articulating their own vision of female emancipation .
When separated from the larger issues , however , the religious arguments for the practice are very feeble . In Islam , for example , the supposed tradition of the prophet that called for FGM to be done “ lightly ” has been declared unsound and unreliable by major scholars .
Mr apologist
There are men in the west who justify FGM as a quaint local tradition that needs to be respected . They fear being accused of neo-colonialism but the real reason for their ambivalence is a profound indifference to the suffering of young girls and women who live beyond their world .
Advocates of the so-called “ lighter ” types of FGM offer these apologists the opportunity for compromise and campaigners need to be especially careful of arguments around “ cultural relativism ” as a justification for not standing up against the practice .
Still , none of the above should allow campaigners to vilify men or dismiss them as a lost cause in the struggle against FGM . Just as a nation ca n't be free while it oppresses another , millions of men understand that their own emancipation depends upon the creation of new partnerships with women . With a sensitive and inclusive approach , men can become strong allies for the campaign .
Khalid Roy trained as a social anthropologist and spent 20 years working with local and international NGOs in Africa and Asia . Follow @ Khalidroy69 on Twitter .
Read more stories like this :
• FGM in Kenya : ‘ to end this culture we have to make everyone accountable ' - video
• FGM and child marriage : grandmothers are part of the problem and the solution
• Why should the British public care about FGM ?
• How to engage boys and men in the fight for gender equality
Join the community of global development professionals and experts . Become a GDPN member to get more stories like this direct to your inbox
Old , polluting cars to be banned in Beijing during smog alerts
Posted
Beijing will next year ban high-polluting old cars from being driven whenever air quality alerts are issued in the city or neighbouring regions , the city 's environmental protection bureau has said .
China has adopted various measures over the years to reduce the blankets of smog , which shroud many of the country 's northern cities in the winter , causing hazardous traffic conditions and disrupting daily life .
As of February 15 , vehicles which do not meet the Government 's current standard on emissions — in practice , those which are more than 10 years old — will be banned in Beijing 's main urban area whenever orange or red alerts are issued in Beijing or neighbouring Hebei province and Tianjin city , the bureau said .
Vehicles breaking the restrictions will be fined 100 yuan ( $ 19.73 ) every four hours they are on the road , it added .
Cars at the National 1 or National 2 emissions standards , which the rules are aimed at , only account for 8 per cent of cars in the city but they account for more than 30 per cent of smog-causing nitrogen oxide emissions , the bureau said .
The adjustment to regulations also said schools would only be closed selectively during alerts , rather than the blanket approach that was used originally when Beijing issued its first-ever red alert in December last year .
The Government has been tweaking the new system since its introduction , working to unify it across the provinces of Beijing , Tianjin and Hebei .
In February , it raised the minimum threshold for issuing alerts .
Beijing 's city Government is also taking measures to reduce the emissions of vehicles driven in the city by using licence plate restrictions to limit the overall number of cars and providing generous subsidies to electric vehicle purchasers to promote fuel-replacement vehicles .
Reuters
Topics : pollution , air-pollution , government-and-politics , environmental-impact , environmental-policy , environmental-health , road-transport , china , asia
Perhaps no employee in America better exemplifies the essential personality of their publication better than does Dylan Byers , `` media '' reporter for Tiger Beat On The Potomac . While their bosses are out chasing payola , Byers skates their wing , making sure that the important developments in the Green Rooms of America are not overlooked just because their publication is something of a corporate 'ho on the business side . Now , however , they have decided to punch well above their weight class , and the results are not a thing of beauty . They have gotten themselves crossways with Ta Nehisi Coates in an absurd wrangle over the fact that Coates called the embattled Melissa Harris-Perry `` America 's foremost public intellectual , '' and it is not a pretty thing to see .
( And , not for nothing , but , perhaps because Gabriel Sherman 's new book on Roger Ailes has tampered with the fundamental forces of the pundit universe , or perhaps simply because the moon is in dickhead right now , it seems to me that there is something of a coordinated attempt on the life of MSNBC at the moment . First , there was the silly ragegasm over what Harris-Perry said concerning Willard Romney 's grandchild . Then the National Review fashions a hit piece on kindly Doc Maddow that Mr. Bogg already has disposed of . And Ed Schultz is getting sniped at from the right and the left . Watch your back , Steve Kornacki . )
It all began when Coates stood up for Harris-Perry . Because context is important , here 's the passage that started the whole thing .
But there is no one more worthy , and more capable , of holding that conversation than America 's most foremost public intellectual-Melissa Harris-Perry . There may well be intellectuals with more insight . And there are surely public figures with a greater audience . But there is no one who communicates the work of thinking to more people with more rigor and effect than Harris-Perry . Them show brings a broad audience into a classroom without using dead academic language and tortured abstractions . And they do this while awarding humanity on a national stage to a group unaccustomed to such luxury-black women .
OK , so we can all have press box arguments over what Coates says . In a similar vein , I 've argued that The Who is the greatest rock band ever , that Bob Dylan has said more about America than anyone else in the 20th century , and that Field Of Dreams is the most overrated piece of lachrymose sentimental garbage in the history of the cinema . But Byers seems to have been peculiarly bothered by Coates 's assertion .
On Tuesday morning , I asked Twitter if such a claim undermined Coates ' own intellectual credibility .
OK , Sparky , here 's the thing . If you begin a sentence with the words , `` I asked Twitter , '' you lose all right ever to post anything titled , `` What It Means To Be A Public Intellectual . '' I do not seek to find the comparative bona fides for public intellectualism in TBOTP for the same reason I do n't go to The Daily Racing Form to find out about astrophysics . We continue .
Coates fired back , and now Byers found themselves standing on very shaky ground with a very wounded fee-fee . First , though , the sucking up .
One , Coates is wrong when they write that I believe `` considering Harris-Perry an intellectual is somehow evidence of inferior thinking . '' Harris-Perry is obviously an intellectual , and an incredibly smart one at that . Coates is also an intellectual , and probably one of the more important columnists in American politics today . I read both of their work with relative frequency , and admire it .
Translated from the original Weaselspeak -- Some poor Politico internhad to do some serious googling over the weekend .
And then , the argument .
What I said was : I do not believe Harris-Perry is `` America 's foremost public intellectual , '' meaning that of all the public intellectuals in this country , they are not the most influential or important . What I suggested was that stating as much called one 's own intellectual credibility into question , because it would take leaps and bounds to come to the conclusion that Harris-Perry occupies a more significant place in American intellectual thought than the towering figures who wear that title . That those figures are all white men is certainly an unfortunate result of America 's troubled history .
Who are these giants ? Byers apparently tweeted a list that included Noam Chomsky -- an intellectual , certainly , but not very public for a while -- and Jeffrey Sachs . They also , oddly , cites , `` Paul Krugman ( tho not any more ? . ) '' ( As E.O . Wilson once said to their bartender , before going off to play Big Buck Hunter in the corner . `` What the fk is that shit about , anyway ? '' ) What actually got in Byers 's grill was Coates assertion that Byers 's weird vehemence about the whole thing might contribute to what Coates called `` the machinery of racism . '' Again , context is key . Coates :
I came up in a time when white intellectuals were forever making breathless pronouncements about their world , about my world , and about the world itself . My life was delineated lists like `` Geniuses of Western Music '' written by people who evidently believed Louis Armstrong and Aretha Franklin did not exist . That tradition continues . Dylan Byers knows nothing of your work , and therefore your work must not exist . Here is the machinery of racism-the privilege of being oblivious to questions , of never having to grapple with the everywhere ; the right of false naming ; the right to claim that the lakes , trees , and mountains of our world do not exist ; the right to insult our intelligence with your ignorance . The machinery of racism requires no bigotry from Dylan Byers . It merely requires that Dylan Byers sit still .
This is something up with which Byers will not put .
What I said was : I do not believe Harris-Perry is `` America 's foremost public intellectual , '' meaning that of all the public intellectuals in this country , they are not the most influential or important . What I suggested was that stating as much called one 's own intellectual credibility into question , because it would take leaps and bounds to come to the conclusion that Harris-Perry occupies a more significant place in American intellectual thought than the towering figures who wear that title . That those figures are all white men is certainly an unfortunate result of America 's troubled history . However , to deduce from that assertion that I believe Harris-Perry is not an intellectual is itself an anti-intellectual act . It requires supplanting what is in one 's head for what it is I actually said . It requires an assumption of intention that has no relevance to my own . It is lazy .
Oh , dear .
Coates 's `` intellectual credibility '' is `` called into question '' because Coates disagrees with Dylan Byers as to who , exactly , `` America 's foremost public intellectual '' is . Actually , Dylan , you have spent three or four days now saying that Harris-Perry 's credentials as a `` public intellectual '' are so threadbare that they can demolish someone else 's intellectual credibility if that person simply asserts that they are the toppermost of the poppermost . That 's what you 've been doing . Oh , and for doing so , and for making a case in rebuttal . Ta Nehisi Coates is also `` lazy . '' Mother of god , this is not going to end well .
Once , at spring training long ago , I asked Reggie Jackson if they thought they were the greatest baseball player who ever lived . I admit it . I was trolling Jackson 's ego for an easy column . But they paused for a moment and said , `` You know , when I came up , and I knew I could play really well at this level , I thought to myself , 'Just let me be in the conversation . ' I think I did that . I think I put myself in the conversation . '' Look , I probably do n't agree with Coates 's assertion , either , although I enjoy MHP 's work . I do n't even know what a `` public intellectual '' is any more , since the adjective has so overpowered the noun that people actually still think David Brooks is one . What I do know is this , Melissa Harris-Perry is in the conversation . I also know this -- Ta Nehisi Coates is in the conversation , too , and Dylan Byers writes for a whorehouse .
Bartender , a double Prestone and see what the pundits in the back room will have .
Former Reddit CEO Yishan Wong is feeling salty about their former employer , and he 's letting the world know it . In the wake of Ellen Pao 's resignation last Friday , Wong accused co-founder Alexis Ohanian of planning controversial changes to the site and then throwing Pao under the bus when Reddit took heat for them . And now Wong is airing more of the company 's secrets — including the assertion that Pao was , astoundingly , the last line of defense for the vicious trolls who wanted to get them fired .
On Tuesday , new Reddit CEO Steve Huffman — Ohanian 's other half — announced that the company would reveal possible changes to how it deals with some of the site 's nastiest communities . In the announcement , Huffman claimed that `` neither Alexis nor I created Reddit to be a bastion of free speech , '' setting Reddit 's censorship-averse zealots off in a renewed frenzy , and with good reason ; Ohanian in particular has extolled Reddit as a bastion of free speech . In a comment left on Huffman 's announcement , Wong attacks Huffman 's claim , alleging that they were perfectly willing to eradicate controversial content in the past . `` Back when I was running things , if there was anything racist , sexist , or homophobic I 'd ban it right away , '' Huffman allegedly told Wong at the height of controversy during Wong 's tenure as CEO . In fact , Wong claims that Reddit 's leaders have been pushing for some time to ban the site 's most controversial communities , and that Pao , ironically , was the one keeping them alive .
`` The most delicious part of this is that on at least two separate occasions , the board pressured [ Pao ] to outright ban all the hate subreddits in a sweeping purge , '' Wong wrote . `` She resisted , knowing the community , claiming it would be a shitshow , '' Wong continued , claiming that Pao was inclined to uphold the policies Wong put in place . ( For more on those policies , see Wong 's barn burner of a blog post from last September : `` Every man is responsible for their own soul . '' ) And why is this so `` delicious ? '' Only because Pao has been the subject of monstrous rage from a coalition of Reddit users who made them out to be an apocalyptic tyrant of censorship .
`` She is literally Silicon Valley 's # 1 feminist hero . ''
Wong claims that Pao would have been the perfect defender for Reddit 's trolls especially considering their recent legacy as a gender discrimination crusader . `` What all the white-power racist-sexist neckbeards do n't understand is that with them at the head of the company , the company would be immune to accusations of promoting sexism and racism , '' Wong wrote . `` She is literally Silicon Valley 's # 1 feminist hero , so any 'SJWs ' would have a hard time attacking the company for intentionally creating a bastion ( heh ) of sexist/racist content . '' That assumption is obviously debatable , but Wong seems unambiguous about a more crucial point : Reddit 's good old boys ' club wo n't be the mighty defender of unlimited speech that the site 's revolting users had hoped for .
`` Now she 's gone , '' Wong wrote , `` and [ Huffman ] has the moral authority as a co-founder to move ahead with the purge . We tried to let you govern yourselves and you failed , so now the man is going to set some rules . Admittedly , I ca n't say I 'm terribly upset . ''
As for their own future prospects ? Wong is n't terribly optimistic . `` I 'm probably unhireable now , '' they wrote . `` I 'm pretty sure no one will ever hire me as CEO or any other executive position again . ''
MSNBC 's Martin Bashir on Friday closed their show with likely the most disgraceful rant against former Alaska governor Sarah Palin you 've ever heard .
Besides calling their “ America 's resident dunce ” and claiming they have a “ deceased mind , ” Bashir suggested that someone should defecate in their mouth and urinate in their eyes ( video follows with transcript and commentary , vulgarity warning ) :
MARTIN BASHIR : It 's time now to clear the air . And we end this week in the way it began - with America 's resident dunce , Sarah Palin , scraping the barrel of their long deceased mind , and using their all-time favorite analogy in an attempt to sound intelligent about the national debt .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
SARAH PALIN : Our free stuff today is being paid for by taking money from our children , and borrowing from China . When that note comes due - and this is n't racist , so try it . Try it anyway . This is n't racist . But it 's going to be like slavery when that note is due .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
BASHIR : It'lll be like slavery . Given their well-established reputation as a world class idiot , it 's hardly surprising that they should choose to mention slavery in a way that is abominable to anyone who knows anything about its barbaric history . So here 's an example .
One of the most comprehensive first-person accounts of slavery comes from the personal diary of a man called Thomas Thistlewood , who kept copious notes for 39 years . Thistlewood was the son of a tenant farmer who arrived on the island of Jamaica in April 1750 , and assumed the position of overseer at a major plantation . What is most shocking about Thistlewood 's diary is not simply the fact that they assume the right to own and possess other human beings , but is the sheer cruelty and brutality of their regime .
In 1756 , they record that “ A slave named Darby catched eating canes ; had them well flogged and pickled , then made Hector , another slave , s-h-i-t in their mouth. ” This became known as Darby 's dose , a punishment invented by Thistlewood that spoke only of the slave owners savagery and inhumanity .
And they mention a similar incident again in 1756 , this time in relation to a man they refer to as Punch . “ Flogged Punch well , and then washed and rubbed salt pickle , lime juice and bird pepper ; made Negro Joe piss in their eyes and mouth. ” I could go on , but you get the point .
When Mrs. Palin invoked slavery , they do n't just prove their rank ignorance . They confirm that if anyone truly qualified for a dose of discipline from Thomas Thistlewood , then they would be the outstanding candidate .
Five months into the job , San Francisco 's police chief has found themselves in the politically untenable position of having to defend the department exceeding overtime spending by $ 6.5 million .
Further challenging the defense was the fact that the Police Department 's overtime spending has increased by 71 percent — $ 8.8 million — during the past five years , from $ 12.3 million in fiscal year 2011-12 to an estimated $ 21.1 million in FY 2016-17 . Not only that , but The City has added more officers to the department .
That had several supervisors scratching their heads since they were told hiring more officers would actually reduce overtime , but the opposite has occurred .
Police Chief William Scott must defend paying officers $ 6.5 million more in overtime this fiscal year than initially budgeted because the Board of Supervisors has to approve it . A 2011 law meant to crack down on overtime abuse requires departments to receive board permission to exceed their initial overtime budgets .
The Police Department is n't alone .
Today , the full board is expected to approve a combined $ 19 million for five other city departments whose overtime budgets did n't pencil out . The full board will vote on the Police Department 's overtime budget increase in two weeks .
The money comes from other sources in the budget , but Budget Analyst Harvey Rose emphasized that if departments lived within their overtime budgets there would be surplus funding for other uses .
Adding to the concerns was that four of the six city departments ' requests , including police , came in after the overtime expense had already been incurred , which is out of compliance with the 2011 law .
The board 's Budget and Finance Committee took Scott to task last week , after holding up that department 's overtime request two weeks ago amid numerous concerns . In the end , the committee approved the request , putting it in the hands of the full board in two weeks .
Catherine McGuire , SFPD 's chief financial officer , attributed the increase in overtime to the large number of those newly hired officers in field training leading to arrests and investigations taking longer . There is also overtime being spent at higher levels for training the new recruits and there was an increase in political protests .
Scott specifically pointed to the unexpected protests that erupted around the election of President Donald Trump as one reason for the overtime increase this fiscal year , and also the steady rise in 911 calls , including from residents about homeless residents .
Scott said that there were 700,000 emergency calls and officer-initiated responses on patrol in 2013 and that has increased to 1.1 million in 2016 .
In many ways the Police Department 's experience with the budget committee is a prelude of what 's to come when it reviews Mayor Ed Lee 's proposed city budget for next fiscal year . Supervisor Jane Kim emphasized in accordance with a recommendation from Rose that the department provide more supporting evidence behind the overtime spending .
“ One of the commitments that had been made to us at previous budget committees is that as we commit to more officers that we will see overtime decrease . And what we are seeing is exactly the opposite , ” Kim said last week , expressing frustration .
Rose suggested an audit .
“ Probably most of this overtime is justified , ” Rose said . “ However , if we were to make an audit I 'm willing to bet we will find some overtime that is not justified . ”
The current year budget set overtime spending at $ 14.6 million , not the expected $ 21 million , which amounts to 226,521 overtime hours worked , up from last year 's 216,476 . In FY 2013-14 , overtime hours totaled 129,368 . Scott said the Police Department 's overtime spending in the mayor 's budget proposal will be $ 17.4 million , $ 2.8 million more than approved at the start of last fiscal year .
“ We understand there are a lot of competing interests for city budgetary dollars , ” Scott said . “ We believe that will give us the adequate amount of overtime and we will manage to that [ level ] . We are redoubling our efforts on the management side . ”
Click here or scroll down to comment
`` If you had always assumed that Chicago earned its nickname as the Windy City from the chilly gusts coming off Lake Michigan , you would be wrong . The city is windy , according to most local legends , because of the hot air bellowing from politicians . ''
Actually , you 'd be right , but you 'd be fighting an uphill battle against the Chicago Tribune , the Chicago Historical Society , and the Chicago Public Library . The above quote comes from the November 20 New York Times , in which Jeff Zeleny writes about the national attention currently focused on Chicago , the home base of our next president . And just as Zeleny erroneously believes Chicago 's famous nickname originated with windbag politicians in the late 19th century -- New York Sun editor Charles Dana wrote about `` the nonsensical claims of that windy city '' as Chicago pols loudly wooed the organizers of the 1893 world 's fair -- they use `` bellowing '' instead of `` billowing '' to describe the wind that blew toward New York from the mouths of the city 's former leaders .
Truth be told , though even the city 's library system ( that 's 79 branches of pure intimidation ) wo n't acknowledge the findings of New York City administrative law judge and Straight Dope reader Barry Popik , the May 9 , 1876 , Cincinnati Enquirer featured the following headline : `` THAT WINDY CITY . Some of the Freaks of the Last Chicago Tornado . '' That 's at least 13 years before Charles Dana told Chicago politicians to put a sock in it . And in January 1886 the Louisville Courier-Journal used the nickname to refer to the wind from Lake Michigan that blankets the city every winter .
So it 's settled , right ? No , probably not , unless Obama can be persuaded to set things straight in their inaugural address .
A scooterist run over by a heavy vehicle on the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway on Friday afternoon was near-instantaneously mangled into six or seven pieces by others following it . The tragedy turned even more ghastly as passing cars slowed down only enough for their occupants to take pictures of the gory scene with nobody intervening for a full quarter of an hour .
In the end , it took a humane — and brave — auto-rickshaw driver to cordon off the remains of the victim and prevent their further mutilation . The remains of the victim were so badly mangled that their identification as 24-year-old Aakash Singh from Raghubir Nagar in Delhi was possible later only by means of the scooter 's number plates .
Since there are no eye-witnesses to the incident yet , the police have based their initial conclusions on their experience with road accidents , something that NH8 provides a steady supply of . The police are also keeping their fingers crossed that the surveillance cameras in whose field this happened will be able to provide actionable footage .
The accident happened at around 3.20pm when an unknown vehicle hit Aakash 's Activa scooter from behind and crushed them even as they lost balance and fell on the road . Some police officers stationed a little further down the highway reported seeing a “ few trucks going at great speed ” in the direction of Jaipur , making them possible participants in the accident .
“ The mishap happened when the deceased , a resident of Raghubir Nagar , Delhi , had come to Gurgaon on a business meeting . Their scooter was hit by a truck , and apparently a number of heavy vehicles plying on the flyover crushed him . The youth 's body parts remained scattered over an area of 50 metres , ” said inspector Ashok Kumar , the SHO of Sector 29 police station .
In the meantime , the remains of the youth were being captured for posterity on cellphones of car owners till this was stopped by an auto-rickshaw driver . This man , who did not leave any contact information , told the police that they positioned their auto-rickshaw at the accident spot in a manner that traffic was forced to take a diversion .
An ambulance driver who reached the spot said that commuters remained indifferent to the plight of the victim .
“ The scooter of the victim was damaged badly , and they must have breathed for barely a minute after getting hit . The body was cut into six to seven pieces , and it was a gory sight , ” they said on condition of anonymity .
The family of the deceased was called by the police later after identification . The father works in a fashion retail shop in Delhi . They told the police that Singh had started at 2pm from their home , and was on their way to Sadar Bazar in Gurgaon for taking orders .
An FIR has been registered against unknown drivers for rash driving . The body of the deceased will be handed over to the family on Saturday after a post-mortem examination .
Two-wheelers are not allowed on the expressway but lack of both monitoring and enforcement has meant rampant violation of this rule .
First Published : Dec 26 , 2015 01:02 IST
German professional golfer Bernhard Langer on Thursday released a statement disputing the genesis of an anecdote about voter fraud President Donald Trump claimed to have received from the athlete . The New York Times reported on Wednesday that in a private meeting with congressional leaders , Trump claimed to have heard from Langer that , while waiting to vote , they saw people in line “ who did not look as if they should be allowed to vote , ” but did so nonetheless . Trump reportedly spouted off the names of several Latin American countries to theorize from where the alleged illegal voters originated . “ Unfortunately , the report in the New York Times and other news outlets was a mischaracterization by the media , ” Langer said in a statement to the Golf Channel . “ The voting situation reported was not conveyed from me to President Trump , but rather was told to me by a friend . I then relayed the story in conversation with another friend , who shared it with a person with ties to the White House , ” they continued , recalling what was essentially a game of telephone . “ From there , this was misconstrued , ” they added , noting that , despite Trump claiming it was Langer who witnessed the election day activities , “ I am not a citizen of the United States , and can not vote . ”
CHICAGO -- A Chicago police officer responding to a domestic disturbance call Saturday accidentally shot and killed a 55-year-old woman , who was among two people fatally wounded , police said late Saturday .
Relatives said Bettie Jones lived downstairs from Quintonio LeGrier , the 19-year-old subject of the initial call to police , who also was killed by the officer .
Officers who responded to the call `` were confronted by a combative subject resulting in the discharging of the officer 's weapon , '' the Chicago Police Department said in a brief statement .
`` The 55-year-old female victim was accidentally struck and tragically killed , '' reads the statement , which extends `` deepest condolences to the victim 's family and friends . ''
The families of the victims are accusing the police of overreacting .
The Cook County medical examiner identified the man killed as 19-year-old Quintonio Legrier and the woman as 55-year-old Bettie Jones . Both victims were black and from Chicago . Jones was described by their family as a mother of five .
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel has issued a statement on the fatal police shooting .
In the statement on the early morning shooting issued late Saturday by the mayor , Emanuel says that `` anytime an officer uses force the public deserves answers , and regardless of the circumstances , we all grieve anytime there is a loss of life in our city . ''
Despite apology , calls for Chicago mayor 's resignation grow
Police did not disclose the race of the officer or release the officer 's current work status .
Jones was pronounced dead at 4:51 a.m. at Loretto Hospital . Legrier was pronounced dead at 5:14 a.m. at Stroger Hospital . Autopsies have not been scheduled , medical examiner 's office spokesperson Becky Schlikerman said .
The Chicago Police Department said in a statement that the shootings happened around 4:25 a.m. Saturday after officers who responded to the call `` were confronted by a combative subject . ''
Legrier 's mother , Janet Cooksey , who was not present at the time of the shooting , told the Chicago Tribune that their son had been dealing with mental issues , but said police did n't have to react the way they did .
`` We 're thinking the police are going to service us , take them to the hospital . They took their life , '' they said .
They said their son `` did n't have a gun . They had a bat . ''
`` If you are a police officer , you are supposed to be trained for situations , '' they said , according to CBS station WBBM . `` Seven bullets were put in my son . Seven . ''
Jones , a neighbor of Legrier , lived in a first-floor apartment with their boyfriend . Jones ' daughter said they were shot while opening the door , WBBM reports . Them brother , Melvin Jones , told the Chicago Tribune that more than a dozen family members celebrated Christmas with Jones on Friday . Jones said their sister `` had an excellent Christmas . ''
Can Chicago police regain trust ?
Them children range in age from 19 to 38 . They include 19-year-old twins .
`` There are so many questions and no answers , '' Melvin Jones said . `` I 'm numb right now . Right now there 's a whole lot of anger , a whole lot of tears . ... I do n't have time to feel . I have a funeral to prepare . ''
Cooksey told the Chicago Tribune that Legrier was studying studying engineering at Northern Illinois University and `` was going somewhere . ''
It is not clear from the police statement if either Legrier or Jones were armed or if there are any video recordings of the incident .
Jones ' daughter , Latisha Jones , told the Sun-Times they woke up when they heard gunshots . They said they walked to the front door and saw their mother bleeding on the ground .
Police said the shooting is under investigation and the case has been referred to the city 's main police oversight agency .
Independent Police Review Authority spokesperson Larry Merritt confirmed Saturday that the agency was investigating an officer-involved shooting but had no further information .
Cooksey said they want a personal apology from Mayor Rahm Emanuel for what happened to them only child .
`` Are we gon na get protected or is the police just gon na keep taking lives ? '' Cooksey said . `` I mean , whose gon na answer these questions ? ''
Emanuel 's office did n't immediately respond to a request for comment from the AP .
The Chicago Police Department is the subject of a federal civil rights investigation , which came after the release of a video showing a white officer shooting Laquan McDonald , a black teenager , 16 times in 2014 .
Officer Jason Van Dyke has been charged with first-degree murder in the McDonald case , which generated protests throughout the city , resulted in the firing of Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy and has spurred calls for Mayor Rahm Emanuel to step down .
The worry , for both fans of Dawn of War and those wanting to see RTS step forward , was that the third game in Warhammer 40,000 's best series would look to emulate the successes of the genre . StarCraft II ( primarily ) pulled the genre into this decade , but its particular brand of micro-heavy resource management and massed armies is n't very 40k . Thankfully , Dawn of War III avoids that pitfall and creates its own niche of humongous units , enough squads and vehicles to fill a screen and beautiful battles . It 's happily avoiding any attempt to be the perfect , competitive multiplayer game , instead focusing on fun and spectacle and hoping it works out in the end . That , then , is the question .
For a look at what you 'll be playing with , have a check of our Dawn of War III unit guide .
The elite units really are the focus . They 're not getting whole previews to themselves for nothing , and outside of which faction you choose to play these will define your battles . For the uninitiated , elites are chosen pre-battle and are the best of the best available for your army . You 'll pick three from a pool , and each has a cost to be deployed . These ‘ elite points ' are generated by certain control points on maps , same as the requisition and energy needed to construct your buildings and line units , only at a much slower rate . Therefore , you need to either plan around staying alive long enough to deploy the big guns at the eight to ten range , or have a wide spread of possibilities to bring down at key moments .
Game designer Caro Mastretta points out that this is a viable strategy , but involves good play from you and careful balancing from them .
“ Early game elites are important and they play many different roles , there are some games in which you 're going to struggle if you 're facing early elite opponents . But the thing is we 've purposefully kept the elite resource separate from your army – your requisition , your power , your map control are feeding into how much you can invest in your army .
“ If you 're putting the focus on building a large army and also upgrading them , those early game elites are powerful but [ will lose to a well-managed force ] . That 's what we 've balanced for . When looking at elites , we [ consider ] how much we 're asking players to pay for them and what are the different encounters that could be occuring at that point . You deploy a three point elite , it 's likely that a Space Marine opponent might have three Tactical Squads at that point , we look at that encounter – how is it feasible , how is it overpowered for one side or the other .
“ The other important thing to note is you do n't have to wait to get those nine points because there are ways to get points faster . We have one economy point that accelerates the rate of generating elite points . The other thing is at the beginning of the game , [ destructible ] objectives have less health , they 're easier to take down , than they would be at the end of the game . Taking down those objectives gives you elite points . So there are ways to early game focus your efforts on accelerating that path . ”
That elite selection is more than just a choice of early , mid and late game options , however . The newly announced system of doctrines changes the maths . Doctrines are also selected pre-battle , and come in two flavours : one attached to each of your elites , and three more that are army wide . The army doctrines function permanently , while the others are in effect while their attached elite is in play .
Most buff a single unit type . Be it making Space Marine Tactical Squads a tad more powerful in close combat , or increasing the ferocity of Howling Banshees . Some are more impactful , like Assault Terminators enabling your Dreadnoughts to charge across the battlefield and deliver powerful slams to enemy units and the poor , defenseless ground . In cases such as those it feels like a real choice you 've made , and is all the better for it . They 're unique to each elite too , so it 's a deep , complex web of customisation that should prove a challenge to optimise .
A progression system controls which doctrines you have access to on which elites , with XP gained whenever they take part in a battle . Level ups gift cosmetics , unit skins , new doctrines or unlock existing doctrines to be used as army ones without the need for that elite . This seemed extremely stingy in the build I played , with barely a fifth of a level gained from a full battle and then only if that unit was deployed – meaning it would be particularly difficult to level up your expensive Wraithknights , Morkanauts and Imperial Knights should this version go live . Presumably , the upcoming beta will be used to balance out this sort of thing , and I 'd personally prefer to see only cosmetic upgrades rewarded through this system , no matter how the numbers work out .
Mastretta explains the goals of the system : “ The gameplay unlocks , people tend to think it 's a matter of power – that 's something that we wanted to very strongly move away from , elites do not ever get more powerful they just get more choices to how they can affect the substance of the army. ” In a strategy game , that sort of flexibilityis power , of course , so this will be quite the balancing challenge for the folks at Relic .
Another progression system controls access to elites . “ As [ you ] play you earn a resource called skulls ( obviously , because 40k ) and you invest those skulls in unlocking more elite units or doctrines , ” describes Mastretta . It was n't possible to judge in the build I played how the balance for this was going , but they go on to say that “ our goal with this resource is that it does n't ever feel like a grind , it 's there to enable you to explore the strategies and different elites . ”
It may seem like the inclusion of three races , over previous games having four at launch , may detract from this theme of endless options . It 's a trade-off , as game director Philippe Bouille explains :
“ Ultimately , games take resources , right ? I think at the highest level the decision for three races , for me , was : do we make three deep races or four more shallow races ? And I wanted to make three deeper races . So , especially compared to Dawn of War II there are more units in the races , more individual units , they have more variety , then you layer on the elite units and you get a lot more depth there as well . Once I had made that decision , we then made sure we were building really strong gameplay interactions between those three races so that we could create a strong foundation upon which we can add the next twelve factions – if I get my way . ”
This all combines , along with an army painter as robust as you 'd expect , to make your army feel like exactly that – yours . You 've picked which super units to deploy , which troops will be good where and , presumably , have a plan to execute it . It 's satisfying too , countering early enemy squads with your cheaper elites , or producing early troops that can take control of the map to quickly summon in an elite that makes them even stronger .
Once on the battlefield , elites look , feel and play as they should . They are not the be-all and end-all of whatever battle they happen to be in , but they 're the key advantage in an otherwise equal fight . As you head up the tech tree , they get more ridiculous , with the Eldar Wraithknight standing out as it alone covers up half the screen , leaping around with wanton disregard for the laws of gravity and the health bars of any enemy troops who happen to be in the way . In their pursuit of the “ spectacle of battle ” as Bouille coins it , Relic have succeeded masterfully with this highest tier of units .
That , essentially , is what the team has been chasing in lieu of the eSport balancing act : bringing to new life the battlefields of the far future .
“ What we were aiming for is to just make a really fun multiplayer experience , ” explains Bouille , “ to take some of the best elements of the games we built before , bring them into a modern space . Just deliver that sort of spectacle of battle that we built our reputation on .
“ eSports and the competitive scene is something that could be a really good fit for us , certainly we have some of the makings of it in terms of a game that 's really fun to watch as well as fun to play [ and ] has quite a tight relationship between the presentation and what 's happening mechanically . Whether we go there is really going to be up to the playerbase , we did n't come into this like ‘ Make Dawn of War an eSport . ' That was not part of our conversation . We ended up with the game we did because we wanted to make a game that was engaging to play and if the community responds to it in a way where they really want to see a tightly competitive , professional space – I 'll be happy to move the game in that direction . ”
This feels most true in how simple the construction menus are for each race . You can easily play a full game creating just a handful of buildings out of the five or six available . Units are quite expensive , so spamming out a dozen production facilities just is n't a viable economy . Once you 've stacked listening posts on your control points to up their output , additional worker units are going to be surplus to requirements .
This means most of your time will be spent keeping your army well positioned , ensuring you 're on top of upgrades , deciding broader strategy and engaging in combat . You know , the fun stuff , where the action actually happens and where all that effort has gone into making a readable , beautiful game . Any lingering complaints about Space Marines doing ballet or Lascannons not looking quite right falls away once it 's all under your control .
Keeping all that in check was a challenge . Sync kills for example , the special animations that played when units killed each other in close combat in the original Dawn of War , just did n't fit into the plan .
“ Ultimately we built pillars of gameplay – presentation , action , executing your will , these were very important things for us , ” says Bouille . “ [ With sync kills ] we looked at it and went well the sync kill system does n't align with this . It 's not a vehicle of player agency , the effects and what 's happening under the hood do n't line up . So we went back to what we were trying to accomplish with them – that big , over the top satisfying sense of battle . We ca n't does it as sync kills because that does n't create the game that we 're trying to deliver – how else can we do that ?
“ We ended up sort 've bathing the game in a lot of different effects and animations that accomplished much the same thing . Gabriel swings their hammer and people explode into chunks of blood . Orbital lasers come in and people float up and are disintegrated . You 're getting those visceral moments , it 's just executing them in a different way . ”
That has worked , and it 's certainly nice to look at and fun to play when you have that agency . However , that 's not always the case . Every game feels incredibly snowbally . The nature of resource generation being tied to capture points means that a bigger army leads to more resources , which means a bigger army . If a map is split , with one faction taking the middle point over another , it feels inevitable that they , eventually , will win .
We played a mix of 2v2 and 1v1 , and neither ever looked like the losing players had a chance after the ten minute mark . Once a small upper hand is gained , sitting back behind fortified listening posts until you have an overwhelming army seemed all too easy , particularly with the new cover system to give even hardier defenses to the dug-in . Upgrading resource points so they ca n't be taken quickly is cheap too , so flanking maneuvers or back-line attacks are n't effective before an enemy can move their blob of forces over to wherever you 've decided to push .
It 's a challenge faced by a lot of new players , as Mastretta explains .
“ The problem that I myself struggle with sometimes is wanting to split attention more than I can manage . Especially in a game where your opponent has won a lot of control over the map , where they 're a player that 's better at controlling a large army – you 're way better off focusing on teching up to gain your elites that can really help push back , but also winning the small skirmishes that take place rather than trying to control different places at once . ”
Doing so is about using whatever army you have as smartly as possible . “ Something that 's important in DOW3 is the relationships between damage types and armour , so you have to understand what you are being attacked with , why you are losing units faster than this player is . I would say that usually a player has a variety of units , but you 'll see they 're investing a lot more in Tactical Marines and Devastators than in Assault Marines , [ for example ] . That gives you a good idea of what you have that can help your units survive a small skirmish against those dudes . ”
From there , taking smaller fights where you can use unit abilities , micro and advantaged damage types in your favour is the way to pull back into the game . Much of this , of course , will depend on specifics of map , army and just how far behind you are . Mastretta gives the example of using anti-infantry Eldar Dire Avengers to fight against an army , with hit and run attacks to utilise regenerating shields and powerful grenade cooldowns .
Clearly , a group of first-timers spending four hours throwing themselves at the game without so much as a tutorial is n't going to produce the greatest balance testing ever , but it 's certainly a flaw to know the game is lost at 15 minutes and have to wait another 15 to actually see it happen . Relic has a number of options to alleviate this , the most notable is how they 're designing maps .
They 're objective-based , rather than each simply requiring you wipe out all your opponent 's buildings or a single , central structure . The example we had was three lines of defence – power generators , turrets and finally a central core . Only one power generator needs to be destroyed to make the turrets vulnerable , which prove a formidable position to assault as they do serious damage . They and the core also have activated abilities – this all combines to be far more interesting to play than standard skirmish matches . It may be tougher to balance , though the inclusion of a map editor at launch puts that challenge in the community 's hands , but it is more fun .
As has always been true , the best way to make an eSport is to not . Attempt new things , ensure it 's fun , make it beautiful and build a playerbase . Dawn of War III can definitely do all those things , and it 's captured the spectacle of the impossible future-war that is 40k better than anything I 've played before . The pure experimentation and exploration phase of being a new player is going to be much longer than you 'd expect . Beyond that , and into the future , is up to Relic and the community .
Dear Reader , As you can imagine , more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before . Nevertheless , traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications , like ours , are being forced to look for new ways to keep going . Unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel , the Middle East and the Jewish World .
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani are expected to square off again in separate speeches to the UN General Assembly later this month in New York .
Rouhani , who in their speech to the world body last year tried – and largely succeeded – in putting a softer , gentler image of Iran than the one left by their predecessor Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , is scheduled to address the UN this year on September 24 , the first day of the general debate .
Netanyahu is expected to speak either on September 29 or 30 . The general debate runs this year from September 24 to 30 . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas is also expected to address the annual assembly.After weeks of waiting to see whether the situation in Israel would stabilize after the Gaza conflict and allow Netanyahu to travel to New York , sources in the Prime Minister 's Office said on Saturday night they are expected to attend.Netanyahu is anticipated to fly after Rosh Hashana – which this year is a three-day holiday because it is followed immediately by Shabbat – on September 27 at night , and to return to Israel before Yom Kippur , which starts on Friday night , October 3.Plans are under way to set up high-level meetings with other state leaders attending the conference , as well as with US President Barack Obama.Netanyahu last met with Obama in March in Washington.Even as the world 's focus is shifting to fighting radical Sunni Islam , Netanyahu is likely during their speech to place a large focus on Iran , with which the world powers are restarting nuclear negotiations later this week.Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz gave a hint of this theme when they returned over the weekend from leading Israel 's delegation to Washington for the biannual strategic dialogue with the US and issued a statement saying the “ civil war in Iraq will be solved , but the world will have to deal with a nuclear Iran for dozens of years to come. ” A comparison of the brief summations of the meetings released by Steinitz 's office and the State Department illustrates an interesting difference in what each side chose to bring to the public 's attention.According to Steinitz 's statement , the discussions focused on the Iranian nuclear talks , in advance of the restart of nuclear negotiations , as well as on fighting Islamic State and other jihadist terrorist organizations in the region , and the rehabilitation of – and humanitarian aid to – the Gaza Strip.The State Department did not mention Iran , but spoke only in very generic terms about the US and Israel engaging in “ a wide-ranging discussion of developments in the region and reinforced their shared commitment to fight terrorism and to prevent threats to regional stability. ” The State Department communiqué was more expansive about Gaza , however , stating that the two sides “ discussed the recent conflict in Gaza , and the importance of reaching a durable peace and an end to the cycle of conflict . The two delegations also agreed on the urgent need for reconstruction and humanitarian assistance to support the people of Gaza , and underscored the importance of strengthening the Palestinian Authority. ” Nothing about the Palestinian Authority was mentioned in Steinitz 's communiqué.And , finally , the State Department statement said that the US “ reiterated its concern about continued settlement activity in the West Bank. ” No sign of that appeared in Steinitz 's read-out.The US delegation was headed by Deputy Secretary of State William Burns.Meanwhile Communications Minister Gilad Erdan wrote on Facebook Saturday that whoever speaks of “ diplomatic opportunities ” with Palestinian Authority chairperson Mahmoud Abbas is repeating the mistakes of the past and could be endangering Israel.Erdan , who is expected to accept an offer to become Israel 's ambassador to the United Nations , said they entered politics to protest against the Oslo Accord , which was signed 21 years ago Saturday. “ I believe Abbas who wrote in 2002 that ‘ Israel made its biggest mistake ever when it signed the Oslo Accord , ” Erdan said . “ Abbas wrote that ‘ In Oslo [ the Palestinians ] took land for nothing in return . ' ” Gil Hoffman contributed to this story .
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $ 5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content . Click here > >
Few people realize how secretive the Federal Reserve operates even though it is the central bank to our financial system and wields a sword strong enough to be called Excalibur . The Federal Reserve came about from a secretive meeting on Jekyll Island by some of the world 's top financiers back in 1910 including the powerful J.P. Morgan . What very few knows is that in November of 2010 Ben Bernanke made a trip to the island off of Georgia to commemorate the 100-year anniversary of the original meeting . This original meeting was held in the strictest of secrecy lest the public realize how the powerful bankers sought to aggregate power in a few hands . With the too big to fail becoming even bigger and the Fed blocking full out audits like a hockey goalie , it is nice to see few things change even after 100-years of destroying the U.S. dollar .
What does the Federal Reserve have in its balance sheet ?
The Fed for most of its history has been rather mundane in the types of instruments it would hold as collateral . This was typically in the form of U.S. Treasuries . However , since 2008 the Fed has become rather exotic in regards to its holdings and has grown its balance sheet to a size well over $ 2.8 trillion :
The Fed only recently has delved into the mortgage buying game and did so with the gusto of a kid in a candy shop . The Fed through Quantitative Easing has purchased over $ 1 trillion in mortgage backed securities from the too big to fail banks . The Fed has also inherited luxury hotels , fast food restaurants , and other failed projects that require banks to be bailed out . Of course this has come at the expense of a declining dollar . The pain being felt in the economy is simply a symptom of a central bank built on darkness and keeping the public completely ignorant to its doings . This was the purpose of the Fed from day one . Reading about the founding of the Fed is like reading about a Skull and Bones initiation :
“ ( The Creature From Jekyll Island ) Picture a party of the nation 's greatest bankers stealing out of New York on a private railroad car under cover of darkness , stealthily riding hundred of miles South , embarking on a mysterious launch , sneaking onto an island deserted by all but a few servants , living there a full week under such rigid secrecy that the names of not one of them was once mentioned , lest the servants learn the identity and disclose to the world this strangest , most secret expedition in the history of American finance . I am not romancing ; I am giving to the world , for the first time , the real story of how the famous Aldrich currency report , the foundation of our new currency system , was written… ”
It was never intended for the public to even have a sense of who was behind the scenes pulling the strings to create the Federal Reserve . Just like in the Wizard of Oz , the power of the wizard comes from the smoke and mirrors . And the insistence that the housing market is fine is merely a giant charade of the Fed buying practically every mortgage backed security it could get its hands on :
There is little reason to pick Jekyll Island instead of say New York to hold this meeting but the bankers needed a place obscure enough to stay off the radar :
“ The utmost secrecy was enjoined upon all . The public must not glean a hint of what was to be done . Senator Aldrich notified each one to go quietly into a private car of which the railroad had received orders to draw up on an unfrequented platform . Off the party set . New York 's ubiquitous reporters had been foiled… Nelson ( Aldrich ) had confided to Henry , Frank , Paul and Piatt that they were to keep them locked up at Jekyll Island , out of the rest of the world , until they had evolved and compiled a scientific currency system for the United States , the real birth of the present Federal Reserve System , the plan done on Jekyll Island in the conference with Paul , Frank and Henry… Warburg is the link that binds the Aldrich system and the present system together . They more than any one man has made the system possible as a working reality . ”
The Federal Reserve is simply a system that is intent on keeping the banking powers established no matter what ills are committed by their banking brotherhood . This is why after many years in this crisis nearly every penny of the bailouts has gone to aiding and focusing on protecting the banks . The banks in turn lobby and pay Congress to protect and paper over their misdeeds of the past decade . A few op-ed pieces covered the troubling nature of how the SEC actually destroyed suspicious files on many of the banking giants early in the 2000s . Those in the organization who played their hand well enough managed to land lucrative positions at the big banks . Those in big banks have direct connections with Ben Bernanke .
The 100-year anniversary of the Fed goes hand in hand with the purchasing power decline of the U.S. dollar :
The dollar has fallen dramatically over this time and this is reflected through the cost of goods . At one time in history one U.S. dollar was redeemable with one ounce of silver . The cost of silver is now well over $ 40 an ounce today . The Fed has no restraint as to what it does and Congress is impotent in regards to auditing even our own central bank .
The end of the road after 100-years ?
Once the mystique of the Fed wears thin , it is hard to gain it back . The Fed usually pulled on the strings of the economy with interest rates but what happens when rates go below zero ?
The Federal Reserve is now in uncharted territory with QE1 and QE2 and potentially QE3 with zero jobs being added in the latest month . Yet how much bigger can their balance sheet go ? Is $ 2.8 trillion large enough ? Banks are still loaded to the gills with toxic residential and commercial real estate loans .
Ultimately the Fed was built and designed in a time when it was much easier to keep secrets from the public . Those days no longer exist . Information is freely available and people can question and seek out what is really going on . 46,000,000 Americans on food stamps . Over 23,000,000 unemployed and underemployed . Over a decade of declining household incomes . Yet somehow the banks get bigger and wealthier over this time . You need to ask yourself who is the Fed really serving ? If the U.S. dollar has fallen over 90 percent in the last 100 years where will it be in another 100 years ?
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today 's challenging market !
Benedict Cumberbatch
[ Warning : The following contains spoilers from the Sherlock finale , `` His Last Vow . '' Do n't add this to your mind palace until you 've seen the episode . You 've been warned . ]
On the season finale of Sherlock on Sunday , the intrepid consulting detective was thrown for a loop not just once , but three times . Here 's a rundown :
Sherlock : An introduction to villain Charles Augustus Magnussen
Mary (
Amanda Abbington ) , the newlywed bride of John Watson ( Martin Freeman ) , seemed so sweet and innocent ... until Sherlock ( Benedict Cumberbatch ) stumbled across their holding blackmailer Charles Augustus Magnussen ( Lars Mikkelsen ) at gunpoint . And then they shot Sherlock in the torso . Apparently , Mary was once a trained assassin . John sure can pick 'em ! Magnussen 's success as a ruthless blackmailer relied on having an extensive amount of information at their fingertips on all of their victims . But when Sherlock went to Appledore , assuming that all the files were downstairs in a huge vault , they were stunned to learn that like himself , Magnussen uses a mind palace to store all of that dirt and can recall everything at will.In the finale 's closing minutes , every screen in England was hijacked with a broadcast of Moriarty 's face , accompanied by the words , `` Did you miss me ? '' As far as we knew , they had blown their brains out on that rooftop at the end of last season.We turned to series producers Steven Moffat and Sue Vertue as well as Abbington for more answers . Here 's what they had to say : We always knew what we were going to do with Moriarty . This has been the game plan since the end of Series 1 when we realized we had a crack on our hands with Andrew . This is something that the whole series has been building to . I wo n't say what it is we 're doing , but we have plans . And I 'm pretty bloody certain those plans will please people . Sherlock 's Amanda Abbington on playing Mary and scoop on Mr. Selfridge Season 2 Yes . We knew what we were doing with Moriarty . We had a whole set of specific story ideas mostly for Series 4 but reaching into Series 5 , which is because Mark [ Gattis ] and I happened to be chatting one day and as occasionally happens , we just ducked out of the rain and into the accountant 's office . We found ourselves getting very animated about a set of ideas we could have . I think they 're the best set of ideas we 've ever had for Sherlock . So I 'm very excited about that.We 're going to fully account for everything we 've done , yes . There will be nothing left dangling.No , that 's a separate thing . I did debate as to whether or not we should show that we 'd got Andrew Scott in . But I love the idea of Moriarty being locked up in the mind palace . But also , I think it reminds you of Moriarty but wrong-foots you into absolutely confirming that he 's not part of the show anymore . And then suddenly they are.There 's very little about Sherlock 's past . Steven and Mark 's theories that you could only get that kind of person , or that person would have that freedom if they had a happy childhood and normal parents . And again , which parents would produce something like Benedict Cumberbatch ? Both their parents are great actors , so again it was natural.I do n't know . As we need to really . I mean , the moments when Sherlock collides with the real world are good . And in the real world you have parents and you have family and all that , so those things are useful for us but it really is story-dependent or emotion-dependent of what we 're trying to do at that time . If it 's relevant . It 's something else we can do.I loved the smoking bit . [ Laughs ]
Watch a mini episode of Sherlock
: Yeah , Steven and Mark are sitting down furiously writing story lines . There 's no reason why they should n't come back . I think she 's part of the Sherlock family for the time being.I get that feeling from people who 've seen it and watched it . They like that she 's another dynamic . Mary 's still pregnant with a baby girl . but you never know with Mark and Steven . Like they said that Moriarty was dead and yet at the end he 's back.I 've never been asked to do that before , so it was a real joy . I did n't know what was going to happen . I knew that they had a secret and that it was something to do with Magnussen . I knew that , but filming the first two episodes I had no idea that they would shoot Sherlock and that she 's was an assassin and CIA . I had no idea about that , which is good because I did n't play that , which helps . So when I got to shoot Ben , it was fantastic . It was really fun.Yes , we had a firearms expert come in . The gun I used was the gun that Daniel Craig used in Skyfall . It was purely coincidental . Lee , this wonderful firearms guy , taught me to fire it , said , `` You know that 's James Bond 's gun . '' I was like , `` Do n't say that ! '' I was walking around going , `` I 've got a Walther PPK . '' It 's brilliant.A lot of people did . They were like , `` That 's ridiculous . Why would they know that ? '' Wait and see.You do see [ Sherlock ] look to them There are certain [ clues ] where when you look at Mary and we did see those things earlier , like we hid `` liar '' in there . When you 're putting it on the graphics , once you 're trying to hide something , it always looks hugely there . `` No , no , put it further back . '' Add Sherlock and other shows to your Watchlist now and never miss an episode It 's Amanda Abbington . [ Laughs ] No , that 's too much in the future . I do n't have an answer for that one.I think she 's become quite an important part of the show . One of the difficulties in adapting Sherlock Holmes ... [ is that ] there are no women in Sherlock Holmes , the original stories . You really do n't have the female perspective on them . And they 're slightly flat when they turn up . And yet , every time we bring a woman into Sherlock , it works hugely well . A female perspective on that friendship and on that man is incredibly telling , incredibly illuminating . So we 've expanded hugely the part of Mrs. Hudson ( Una Stubbs ) because they did n't speak in the original . And we brought Molly in . What is fascinating about women interacting with Sherlock Holmes is that they see through them so much faster than John ever does . They get them like that [ snaps fingers ] . Mary knows when he 's fibbing . They say , `` You 're fibbing . Stop it . I know you 're lying . '' And Irene Adler ( Lara Pulver ) , they just finds the off switch in 30 seconds . It 's just fascinating to see . And Molly , the story of Molly is from crush to understanding far too well.No , it was written it , much to their annoyance.No they did n't because we shot things out of sequence , so sometimes they had to have it and sometimes they would n't . People were really upset about the mustache . They were really pleased when it went . [ Laughs ] What did you think of the Sherlock finale ? What are you theories about Moriarty 's return ? Share them in the comments below .
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Terry McAuliffe said Thursday they would push to reform the state 's Standards of Learning , or SOL , tests if they are elected in November .
`` The current , once-a-year , high-stakes , multiple-choice testing is n't working for students , parents or teachers , '' they told a crowd of more than 300 people at George Mason University 's Arlington campus , to rousing applause .
Under the current system , a fifth-grade teacher who raises a child from a first-grade reading level to a fourth-grade reading level is considered a failure , they said . Teachers who want to break up the test into smaller portions , or test at different levels based on student achievement should be encouraged , they said .
McAuliffe also said they would establish a `` blue-ribbon commission '' to study the content of the tests . Students and teachers have said that the facts on the test do n't always align with the concepts that are important to know .
`` It 's good if a child knows the date we landed on the moon , '' McAuliffe said . `` But it 's much better if the child knows about the Space Race , NASA and the Apollo Program . ''
The candidate also said the state should move to `` progress-based data , instead of simplistic , end-of-the-year , one-time data '' when measuring student and teacher success .
[ More : Northern Virginia Democrats See Turnout as Key in 2013 Governor 's Race ]
That 's just one nugget of McAullffe 's education platform , which they focused on in their Arlington stop . They also talked about partnering high schools with local community colleges , restoring state investment in schools that has been passed on to local jurisdictions in recent years , and recruiting and retaining quality teachers .
The state , too , should reduce teachers ' non-instructional workloads , so they can do what they do best : teach , they said . They also pledged to increase support for preschool and early-childhood development , lumping the two items together as `` no-brainers . ''
The Arlington stop marked the end of McAuliffe 's five-day tour around the state in which he 's delivered their platform not just on education , but on transportation , job creation , making the state more business-friendly and supporting the large military presence in this state .
The tour , too , has been a chance for the campaign to show off Terry McAuliffe 2.0 . The former Democratic National Committee chairperson and Clinton confidant once known for shooting from the hip now trusts their holsters more , it seems . They come across as more polished and noticeably more moderate than the man who made a gubernatorial run four years ago .
McAuliffe was joined on stage by U.S. Sen. Mark Warner , a Democrat and former governor himself . The pairing perhaps was symbolic , considering many Democrats wanted Warner to make an attempt to return to the Governor 's Office this year . They declined .
`` There is no job more important than being 'His Excellency , the Governor of the Commonwealth , ' `` Warner said , alluding to the title they enjoyed when they were the state 's chief executive .
`` And in this race , the choice could n't be more clear . ''
McAuliffe did not take questions from the media after Thursday 's event . A campaign staffer said they were `` very busy '' and had `` things to do , '' but could n't name anything on their itinerary .
Keep up with Greater Alexandria news and events by signing up for our free newsletter . Learn more here !
Download the movie
It 's a great day when you get to work with people you like and admire and today is one of those days ! Steve Asbell from The Rainforest Garden is an amazingly talented illustrator so when they asked if I 'd be interested in collaborating on an DIY post I jumped at the chance . To see more of Steve 's work check out their illustrations board on Pinterest .
In early summer I find myself opening a package of fresh basil and thinking that I wish my garden basil was ready . It seems so pricey to spent $ 2- $ 3 on a few sprigs of what grows into shrubs in August . Never one to waste leftovers , I always snip cuttings from the store bought stuff to propagate my home crop . In the end it makes the dollars spent well worth it as those sprigs turn into bushes of basil destined for winter pesto and , dare I say , basil ice cream ( it 's delicious ! ) .
I took a few photos of the process while Steve illustrated the header and created this easy three-step tutorial .
How to Grow Your Own Basil from Cuttings : 1 . Snip the top of a basil stem with 4 sets of leaves growing then remove the 2 bottom sets of leaves from the stem . 2 . Place the stem into a mason jar or shot glass of water and set in a sunny location . 3 . When roots are visible transfer into a pot of soil and keep well watered while the cutting is establishing .
Check out this tutorial and more over at The Rainforest Garden . Steve has lots of cool projects like how to make a DIY Beach Terrarium and how to Make a Rainforest Drop .
Thanks for visiting !
AT & T 's home Internet data caps got an overhaul yesterday when the company implemented a recently announced plan to strictly enforce the caps and collect overage fees from more customers . Customers stuck on AT & T 's older DSL architecture will be facing lower caps and potentially higher overage fees than customers with more modern Internet service .
AT & T put a positive spin on the changes when it announced them in March , saying that it was increasing the monthly data limits imposed on most home Internet customers . This was technically true as AT & T already had caps for most Internet users . But previously , the caps were only enforced in DSL areas , so the limits had no financial impact on most customers . Now , a huge swath of AT & T customers has effectively gone from unlimited plans to ones that are capped , with an extra $ 10 charge for each additional 50GB of data provided per month .
The only customers who are n't getting an increase in their monthly data allowance are the ones who have been dealing with caps the past few years , according to AT & T 's data usage website :
U-verse plans that previously had an unenforced 250GB-per-month cap will now have enforced caps of 300GB or 600GB , while 500GB plans were raised to 1TB . The DSL cap , meanwhile , is staying at 150GB per month . DSL users can also be hit with overage fees of up to $ 200 a month , while U-verse customers face maximum overage charges of $ 100 a month . For customers trying to avoid overage fees , AT & T offers such tips as choosing low-definition video and limiting use of torrents and other file transfer programs . Overage charges are waived the first two months in which customers exceed their caps .
But where is the cutoff between DSL plans with the lower caps and U-verse plans with the new , higher limits ? The AT & T chart above shows that customers with speeds as low as 768kbps will be getting at least 300GB a month . But that does n't necessarily mean that only customers with fewer than 768kbps are hit with the lower caps , as the chart leaves out the speeds for DSL .
This other AT & T webpage shows that DSL plans—or `` High Speed Internet , AT & T 's euphemism for DSL—range from 200kbps to 6Mbps . From the 1.56Mbps to 6Mbps range , there are separate plans that have identical speeds but are branded as `` U-verse '' :
This seems to indicate that in the 6Mbps and less range , two customers living in different areas could have the same speeds but different data caps . If the distinction is n't being made on speed , it might be made based on architecture . The `` U-verse '' brand is typically used in areas where AT & T has built fiber closer to homes , but some of the U-verse speeds are still pretty low . We 've asked AT & T for clarification on this point and will provide an update if we get one .
Back in 2013 , AT & T told DSLReports that cap enforcement was n't necessary in U-verse areas because of `` the greater capacity of the U-verse architecture as compared to legacy DSL . '' Data caps , particularly on wireline Internet services , are imposed due to business reasons rather than technical ones , as one Comcast executive acknowledged .
If there 's a `` positive '' for AT & T DSL users , it 's that their slow speeds might make it hard to exceed the 150GB cap . But for those who do go over the cap , it could be a big problem , as customers in AT & T DSL areas often have no other choice for wireline Internet .
These are often the same areas where AT & T would like to shut off the traditional copper-based landline phone network and shift customers to more profitable wireless networks . That wo n't happen without oversight from the Federal Communications Commission , but in some areas the network has already deteriorated to the point where AT & T wo n't hook up new customers requesting DSL Internet service .
ADVERTISEMENT
Arkansas wildlife officials are struggling to explain the recent , sudden deaths of tens of thousands of creatures . Late on New Year 's Eve , nearly 5,000 blackbirds fell dead from the sky in the small northeastern town of Beebe in an incident `` straight from a Hitchcock movie . '' A few days earlier , nearly 100,000 dead drum fish floated to the top of the Arkansas River just 125 miles west of Beebe . ( Watch a CNN report about the incidents . ) Authorities say the two instances of mass animal death are likely unrelated . At least five explanations have been suggested :
1 . Weather
Recent bursts of hail and lightning may explain the death of the birds , says Keith Stephens , a spokesperson with the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission , as quoted by Reuters . That said , no physical injuries have yet been detected on the birds ' corpses .
2 . New Year 's Eve fireworks
`` Revelers shooting off fireworks in the area may have startled the birds from their roost , '' reads a Game and Fish Commission news release , as quoted in the Arkansas Times . `` The birds may have died from [ resulting ] stress . ''
3 . Poison
While some residents initially suspected that the birds , whom some consider a nuisance , had been poisoned , officials have questioned that explanation . `` Since it only involved a flock of blackbirds ... it is unlikely they were poisoned , '' says Karen Rowe of the Game and Fish Commission , as quoted in the Daily Mail . `` But a necropsy is the only way to determine if the birds died from trauma or toxin . ''
4 . Disease
In the case of the fish , the simultaneous death of such a large group might suggest a pollutant was to blame . But the fact that the vast majority of casualties were from one species argues against that theory . `` If it was from a pollutant , it would have affected all of the fish , not just drum fish , '' Stephens tells MSNBC . Some form of disease may be the real culprit .
5 . The laws of nature
A population boom , coupled with the cold weather , could be to blame for all the fish popping up dead , Andrew Goodwin , associate director of the University of Arkansas ' Aquaculture and Fisheries Center , tells AOL News . If too many fish were competing for food , a sizable proportion may not have been in good condition . In such a situation , the already weak fish would have had their immune systems further compromised by a sudden cold snap and been unable to fight off an infection .
FARGO — Dave Tack remembers the first time they saw Laura Roesler run : They were a sixth-grader at a “ fun run ” meant to get kids excited about cross-country . Instead , the former Fargo South High School cross-country coach left excited about Roesler .
“ Laura was gritty and talented , ” Tack said . “ You could see that they had that specialness . ”
About a year later , a larger audience saw that pure talent . As a seventh-grader , Roesler took second place in the Class A girls race at the North Dakota state cross-country meet , their third varsity event . That was just the start of a storied running career .
“ She has almost become this Paul Bunyan , ” Tack said . “ Everyone has this amazing version of the truth . They have this almost-mythical status . ”
Roesler hopes to add to the folklore this week when they compete at their final NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships . The meet starts Wednesday on their home track , Hayward Field in Eugene , Ore . The University of Oregon senior is favored to win the women 's 800 meters . A 15-time All-American , Roesler won an indoor national title in the 800 earlier this year .
“ You 've got to have the right makeup to do it at that level , ” said Karen Roesler , Laura 's mom . “ She 's got lofty goals and big dreams , and they have always stayed humble . ”
Laura has the third-best outdoor women 's 800 time in Oregon history . She 's been part of the four fastest 1,600-meter relay teams in school history .
“ The Oregon record book is a pretty salty record book , ” said Ken Goe , who has covered track and field for The Oregonian newspaper off and on since the late 1980s . “ It 's tough to be the best 800-meter runner at Oregon . They will be one of the best , and that is saying something . ”
Just as they did at Fargo South , Roesler has flourished at one of the country 's top college track programs . So focused is Oregon on winning nationals that it did not make Roesler or most of its other track stars available for interviews in the weeks leading up to the year 's final meet .
Immediate impact
Laura 's high school varsity success was immediate . In their first varsity race , they took fourth place at the 2004 East Region cross country championships . They were in junior high races the previous fall . The region race came a couple weeks before they finished second at state . Brianne Carlsrud was a senior on that fall 's South girls cross-country team . They remember Laura being a seventh-grader with not only the talent , but the right temperament to be a running success .
“ She was very mature and really held themselves together , so I saw a lot of potential there , ” Carlsrud said . “ I really look up to them and what they have accomplished . ”
Karen was hesitant to have Laura compete on varsity in seventh grade . They wanted to give Laura a chance to be a kid and hang out with their friends and classmates . Laura played soccer through eighth grade and basketball through their sophomore year . Karen felt it was important that Laura did n't zero in on running right away .
Roesler added a Class A girls state title in the 400 meters to cap their seventh-grade year at the state track meet in Grand Forks . They beat two-time defending state champ Allie Smith , who was a senior from Wahpeton . A week earlier , Roesler edged Smith to win the 400 at the East Region , setting a meet record with a time of 57.33 seconds .
“ When they won , I was a little dumbfounded , ” said Lynn Roesler , Laura 's dad . “ We certainly were n't expecting that . ”
A legend is born
Laura 's legend took off at the end of their eighth-grade track season following an unprecedented showing at the state meet . On a sweltering day at Bismarck 's Community Bowl , they took first place in the 100 , 200 , 400 and 800 meters . Laura ran those races in a span of about 2½ hours . Temperatures were in the 90s .
“ It put a lot of pressure on them because now she 's got to do that the next four years , ” said Kyle Roesler , Laura 's twin brother .
By the end of their prep career , they were a two-time state cross-country champ . They won six state titles in the 400 , five in both the 200 and 800 and four in the 100 . All told , Laura won 22 state titles . Bismarck High boys track coach Dave Zittleman manages an unofficial all-time Top 10 Class A girls performance list on the Bismarck track website . According to that list , Roesler still ranks first in the 200 ( 24.01 ) , 400 ( 53.25 ) and 800 ( 2:05.68 ) and second in the 100 ( 11.90 ) .
“ She is the greatest track and field athlete in North Dakota history in any generation , ” Zittleman said . “ No one is the state cross-country champion and the 100-meter-dash champion . ”
No one except for Laura . But the pressure started to build after eighth grade .
“ The next year , there was a little more pressure ; the next year after that , a little more pressure , ” mom Karen said . “ She felt like everybody knew who they were and there was always that pressure to win . ”
Under pressure
The pressure reached a boiling point at Laura 's final state track meet in 2010 .
“ It was different than all the other state meets , ” dad Lynn said . “ She was more uptight . ”
Kyle remembers athletes from other schools lining up outside South 's team tent , wanting to get an autograph or a picture with Laura . After the first day of the meet , Karen got a knock on their hotel room door . It was Laura .
“ She said , I ca n't sleep and I had a rough day , ” Karen said .
On the second and final day of the meet , Karen said their oldest daughter , Emily Roesler , followed Laura around .
“ I finally got a pass for Emily and made Emily their bodyguard , ” Karen said .
Laura defended their titles in the 200 , 400 and 800 , and took second in the 100 , ending their four-year reign in that event . Minot first-year student Morgan Milbrath , who now runs at North Dakota State , edged Laura at the finish line to win the 100 with a time of 12.35 seconds . Roesler ran a 12.38 .
“ I think the crowd was more disappointed than ( Laura ) was and that is that pressure , ” Kyle said . “ She learned a lot in high school about sometimes you 've just got to let things go . You ca n't let things bother you . ”
Going national
Roesler started to earn national attention while still in high school . After their sophomore year , they ran at the 2008 Jim Bush Championships in Los Angeles . Karen was there and worried the elite talent may be too much .
“ I remember calling Lynn and going ‘ Oh my gosh , we 're out of our league here , ' ” Karen said .
Laura took third in the 800 with a 2:03.08 . Them performance would clinch a spot in the U.S. Olympic Team Trials for track and field , which were later that summer at Hayward Field . That was the first time Karen saw Laura had the poise to compete at the top national level .
“ She can just handle it , ” Karen said . “ She can zero in on what they need to do . You have to be able to do that . ”
Roesler was 16 years old when they ran at the 2008 Trials . They made it to the semifinals after running a 2:04.03 in the quarterfinals . They were an instant crowd favorite since they were still in high school and wore a plain pink top .
“ The crowd went nuts , ” Kyle said . “ When they were running down the backstretch , the announcer said they were a high school sophomore . That was a pretty special moment . ”
‘ This is it '
Laura graduates next Sunday . Karen said Laura — named women 's Pac-12 Track and Field Scholar-Athlete of the Year in May — wants to be a sports psychologist after their running career , which will likely continue beyond college . That could include a pro career and the 2016 Summer Olympics in Brazil .
“ She 's the total package , ” said longtime track reporter Goe . “ You 've got to give up a lot of things to do that . It is not a glorious sport . ”
Parents Karen and Lynn were with Laura at the Oregon team celebration after the NCAA Division I Indoor Championships last March in Albuquerque , N.M. Laura took first place in the 800 , running a 2:03.85 to earn their first individual national title for Oregon . They also ran on the Ducks ' 1,600-relay team that edged Texas in the final event of the meet . That relay win gave Oregon the women 's team title by half a point over the Longhorns . Laura did n't want their parents to leave the team gathering .
Karen could tell something was up , so they stepped away from the celebration to talk .
“ She said ‘ Mom , the time went so fast , ' ” Karen said . “ The light bulb kind of went off . This is it . ”
They even let them sit in the police car . They in awe during the whole encounter . Detroit 's finest were there to help protect a movie or TV Show that was filming on that block . While we were talking , some Hollywood-type rushed over to take a picture of the kid with their camera phone . `` I 'm good friends with Peter Weller , the guy who played Robocop on the movie , '' they said . `` He 's gon na get a kick out of this . '' The guy proceeded to e-mail the photo to Weller , so chances are the real Robocop has seen my little Robocop . Then we headed back to the first precinct for some repairs ( after such an eventful shift , the paint was peeling off the suit and parts were falling off ) .
A few more cops came out to talk with us , joking that they were going to have to call their union because it looked like they were being replaced . `` Do n't worry , '' I said . `` He 's just a prototype . ''
And that 's true . I still have a lot of work to do on this suit to get it Halloween-ready . This was just sort of a test run , but it was a pretty fun and epic father-and-son adventure . I should have a movie of them in the suit done by Halloween , and today the girl and I are going to go out to do a photo shoot in their Mama-made costume . Those should be up by Friday . So stay tuned for more Halloween fun .
. On-board computer-assisted memory . And a lifetime of on-the-street law enforcement programming . It is my great pleasure to present to you : Robocop.The boy insisted for months that they wanted to be a robot for Halloween . Their sister was a robot when they were their age . We looked at various robot images on the computer and they were most intrigued by Robocop . After I showed them the trailer , there was no convincing them otherwise . They were going toRobocop . Which was good , becauseThe original 1987 Paul Verhoeven-directedis actually a pretty great movie . But I was at the bar with my friend and their female companion the other day talking about working on this costume and they were like , `` Wait , who 's Robocop ? '' Turns out they were born only a year before the movie came out , so maybe I need to set the stage here : According to its Wikipedia entry takes place in a terrifying `` dystopian future , [ where ] the city of Detroit , Michigan is on the verge of collapse due to financial ruin and unchecked crime. '' . . . [ cough ] . . . `` The mega-corporation Omni Consumer Products enters into a contract with the city to run the police force while the company makes plans to destroy 'Old Detroit ' to replace it with the utopia of Delta City . '' As part of OCP 's plan to privatize the police force , they unveil the cyborg Robocop as a transition to the more sinister fully-robotic police force that will soon put Detroit 's beleaguered public safety officers out of a job.Robocop walks pretty slow and the technology running their systems seems about as sophisticated as what was inside a Sega Genesis , but they have a really powerful gun and the bad guys can shoot them all they want and they keep coming . Basically , he 's everything a little boy thinks is cool.After the boy decided they wanted to be Robocop , I set about trying to figure out how to make a costume . I found a couple of adults online who had made themselves Robocop costumes , but there was a whiff of that Tron Guy about them and they described multiple trips to Home Depot . So I decided just to make it out of crap I had in my basement.The helmet is an old bike helmet that did n't really fit them anymore , so I ripped out all the padding inside and glued on a piece of plastic I cut out from an old bucket to make the front visor part . The circles on the sides were orange-juice-container lids . The chest piece is made out of an empty laundry-detergent bottle and the back is made from milk jugs . The arms and legs are cobbled together out of 64-oz Trader Joe juice containers . I made the boots by gluing a bunch of plastic crap to their old rain boots . Then I painted everything metallic gray.Underneath he 's wearing a child-sized wetsuit that I won on eBay for $ 5.49 ( plus $ 7 shipping ) . And that 's all the money I spent on their costume . The other day we attended an early Halloween party , and later we walked around Detroit taking pictures in various locations that looked like a dystopian-future . Robocop was happy to keep riders of our futuristic public transit system , the People Mover monorail , safe from criminal elements : . . . Ease up , there Robocop , have you seen this town ? On our walk back home , Robocop met up with some real police officers and had a confab about something . Crime-fighting , I guess : Or maybe candy ?
No Austin summer is complete without Blues on the Green , and on Monday , KGSR released the lineup for the 2016 free concert series at Zilker Park .
The 26th annual Blues on the Green kicks off Wednesday , May 25 , with a special tribute to the one and only Antone 's , which returned to its home in downtown Austin earlier this year . To mark the venue 's rebirth , Mike Flanigin — with the help of legends Billy Gibbons , Jimmie Vaughan , and Charlie Sexton — will play songs off their debut solo album , The Drifter .
Blues on the Green will continue once a month throughout the summer with performances from Wild Child , Sweet Spirit , Carson McHone , Max Frost , Hayes Carll , and The Suffers .
Last year , the number of concerts was reduced from six to four in an effort to keep the series free and keep Zilker Park in tip-top shape . All Blues on the Green shows start at 8 pm . Blankets , lawn chairs , dogs , and children are welcome , as are appetites . Vendors such as Black 's Barbecue , mmmpanadas , Heros Gyros , Shake Shack , and Amy 's Ice Creams will be onsite .
The 2016 KGSR Blues on the Green lineup is as follows :
May 25 : An Antone 's Celebration with Mike Flanigin , Billy Gibbons , Jimmie Vaughan , and Charlie Sexton with the Peterson Brothers
June 22 : Wild Child with Max Frost
July 13 : Hayes Carll with Carson McHone
August 3 : Sweet Spirit and The Suffers
Microsoft tightens its grip on the Xbox One , with new rules for developers
The ability to hack the Kinect was part of what made Microsoft 's motion-sensing device so hot back in 2010 . Tinkerers were able to create expansive Minority Report-style augmented reality scenarios and even utilize it in Google Glass-esque prototypes . In fact , the technology is still used by developers to this day .
But that wo n't be possible from now on . Microsoft has confirmed that both the Xbox One console and the Kinect will only work with licensed hardware and software — locking out hackers and smaller third-party outfits from developing products around the technology .
Advertisement
The announcement comes on the heels of the company 's decision to reverse strict rules around the sale and distribution of its new Xbox One games . The reversal came after gamers rebelled against the console 's DRM measures .
With the Kinect , Microsoft first announced early access to Windows SDK support for the device , available via application for $ 399 . Presented as a way to get more developers on board with the Kinect , the program has a side effect : Ars Technica pointed out Wednesday that the Kinect relies on special software to interact with a PC , effectively blocking the old system 's plug , play and hack open-source community .
While Microsoft 's intentions are to give developers greater and better-assisted access to the Kinect 's capabilities , the classic homebrew hacker will have to stick with the Xbox 360 for their prototype aspirations .
Third-party developers are also hitting snags with the Xbox One 's technology . Game Informer confirmed that current third-party systems , including custom controllers , simulation wheels , and even headsets , will not be usable through the Xbox One . Developers that are interested in creating compatible hardware must pay for a third-party license all over again — even if they 've already developed for the company in the past .
Microsoft 's closed fist over its hardware is a function of its desire to bring quality hardware and software to consumers , perhaps with the intention of locking third-party developers into making Xbox One-exclusive peripherals ( versus universal ones that could work with any console ) .
But the move also closes the door to innovation and customization . There 's no doubt that players who have spent hundreds ( or perhaps even thousands ) of dollars on their peripheral systems like a $ 600 Fanatec Forza Motorsport Elite steering wheel and or a $ 350 plug-and-play Foehammer Fightstick S7 will feel the sting knowing that the Xbox One wo n't support any of it on top of their old games .
To its credit , Microsoft has promised a purchasable adapter for expensive gaming headphones :
But cost and availability of the product wo n't be clear until the holidays .
Microsoft 's latest moves around its gaming software and , now , hardware do n't make for great PR — and a gaming community scorned is one with closed pockets .
Mayor John Tory is beginning their term with a sparkling approval rating of 74 per cent , according to the first opinion poll since their inauguration . It is common for political leaders to receive an approval bump as soon as they begin governing . Tory 's approval rating was in the mid-to-high 60s for most of the election campaign , but it fell sharply , to the low 50s , as they weathered an assault on their character and policies in the final weeks of the race .
Mayor John Tory has something to smile about with a poll that shows them with an initial approval rating of 74 per cent . ( KEITH BEATY / TORONTO STAR )
Tory 's rating was 53 per cent in late November , a month after the election . During a highly visible blitz of appearances and announcements since their inaugural address on Dec. 2 , they have toured the city , met with the premier and prime minister , appeared in the Nutcracker ballet , taken calls on CP24 , and breezed through two council meetings . Tory was elected with 40 per cent of the vote . The Forum Research poll of 1,001 residents , conducted Wednesday and Thursday , suggests they have earned the early approval of many voters who chose Doug Ford or Olivia Chow . Tory 's predecessor , Rob Ford , enjoyed a similar honeymoon spike following their election in 2010 . Ford had an approval rating of 60 per cent four months after they were elected with 47 per cent of the vote , according to Forum , and 70 per cent six months after they were elected , according to Ipsos . It eventually fell as low as 28 per cent .
Article Continued Below
Ford is now the city councillor for Ward 2 , Etobicoke North . Their approval rating in the new poll was 45 per cent . The poll suggests Tory is currently popular with residents of all ages , in all regions , of all levels of income and education . As during the campaign , Tory did best with older residents . Their approval rating was 82 per cent among people aged 65 and above , 83 per cent among people aged 55 to 64 , 73 per cent among people aged 45 to 54 , 71 per cent among people aged 35 to 44 , and 67 per cent among people aged 18 to 34 . Tory 's approval rating was nearly identical in all four corners of the city : 76 per cent in Etobicoke and York , 74 per cent in the former Toronto and East York , 72 per cent in North York , 72 per cent in Scarborough . The poll was conducted using interactive voice response automated telephone calls . The margin of error is plus or minus 3 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 .
Read more about :
The Arizona Republic-12 News Breaking News Team Fri Jul 26 , 2013 10:33 PM
Investigators today are trying to solve the mystery of how a pedestrian came to suffer an unthinkable death on a stretch of Metro light-rail track in the East Valley .
At about 12:40 p.m. Friday , a caller notified police of a severed body on the tracks . The torso had been dragged nearly 2 miles from the start of the light-rail line in Mesa , and the train continued for miles into Tempe before it was brought to a stop , according to officials .
The identity of the victim was not released Friday .
The gruesome death was the first fatal incident in four and a half years of light-rail service in the Phoenix area .
Mesa police , who are investigating , say the grisly incident began at the Sycamore/Main station in Mesa and ended at the Priest/Washington station in Tempe , where the train was stopped .
As the train pulled into the Smith-Martin/Apache station , seven stops ahead of the Priest station , only part of the body was with the train , said Mesa Police Detective Steve Berry .
It was unclear late Friday how the body was discovered .
The incident brought an hours-long halt to light-rail service east of Priest Drive . Service was fully restored at 6:20 p.m .
Transit officials set up a bus bridge to carry passengers between the Sycamore and Priest stations . The stopgap service on Friday allowed officers to collect clothing and the body from along the track .
The incident came as Mesa and Phoenix are building extensions to the system and after Metro had shed an early image of being crash-prone .
In the first year after the 20-mile system opened in late 2008 , there was a collision a week , mostly involving cars . Few resulted in serious injury . Officials at the time chalked that up to growing pains , as motorists got used to sharing the road with one of the longest in-street systems in the country .
Metro worked with local street engineers to tweak street signs and signals , and to put out safety messages . It worked . In 2010 , the number of collisions fell by half and has stayed there since . By late May , Metro had logged a total of 152 collisions . Until Friday , none was fatal .
Metro designed trains specifically to ensure that collisions would n't be deadly . Learning from other cities , engineers realized many light-rail deaths occur when people get trapped in the wheels of a train . Metro added an apron to the bottom of the chassis to push anyone who was in front of the train off to the side rather than to the undercarriage .
Today , investigators will try to determine how the body came to be on the track . They will review surveillance footage from the train cab and station platforms .
The operator of the train had a clean accident record and had been with Valley Metro since the light rail launched in 2008 , said spokesperson Hillary Foose . The operator is cooperating with the investigation and was placed on paid administrative leave , Foose said .
Nationally , there were 78 fatalities on light-rail systems between 2006 and 2011 , according to the Federal Transit Administration . More recent figures were not available .
Republic reporter Matthew Longdon contributed to this article .
Glenn Beck spent most of their radio program yesterday freaking out about criticism of anti-LGBT laws in states like North Carolina and Mississippi , as well as the supposed rise of Satanism in America , which prompted them to warn yet again that this nation is engaged in Moloch worship .
At one point , Beck declared that they are going to bring together a group of historians to help them write a contemporary history book so that when America is lost forever should we fail to elect Ted Cruz as president , there will be a true record of how this country imploded .
“ I 'm going to find some history professors , ” Beck said , and “ we 're going to write a history book of the last , probably , 50 or 60 years . Because , I 'm telling you , the history of the last 20 years will all be gone ; it 's going to be written by the winners and I got news for you gang , this election is showing us — honestly , if Ted Cruz does n't win , progressivism is the way forward and the country will be lost as we know it . We 'll still be the United States of America , just not the way know it . We 're going to have a different world and everything that happened will be distorted , capitalism will begin to look [ like ] it never worked , freedom never worked . Somebody has to document this and really document it well and put it on the shelves of every home . ”
This week , Out of Office is celebrating all things ice cream . Follow along as we explore the sweet history and unexpected influences of America 's favorite dessert .
On Jan. 1 , 2033 , Ray Alvarez plans to celebrate their 100th birthday by hosting 100 naked women in their impossibly narrow sweets shop on Avenue A , with an open invitation to the public . ( A small caveat : “ If anybody wants to come , [ they ] have to be naked , ” Alvarez said . ) The party will be in line with the notorious burlesque-themed soirées friends have been throwing the shop owner for years . But at 100 years old , after the party , Alvarez will take their first vacation in ... forever .
Alvarez is the owner of Ray 's Candy Store , a 24-hour miniature mecca to all things sweet ( and fried ) in Manhattan 's East Village that he 's been running for more than 40 years . Scattered signage marked with handwritten prices in sharpie is taped up across the walls to serve as the menu . Look around and you 'll find something that calls you : sugar-coated beignets , fried Oreos , fried candy bars , Belgian fries , various sundaes , shakes and towering soft serve swirls , hot dogs , chicken fingers , fried bananas — the menu is exhaustive .
The outside of Ray 's Sam Koukoulas/Mic
At 84 years old , Alvarez currently works the overnight shift from 4 p.m. to 7 a.m. , after which he 'll trek upstairs to their apartment above the store to sleep , read and listen to BBC . If they get weary during their working hours , Alvarez will sometimes lie down on the floor behind the counter ( the store is usually pretty quiet at 4 a.m. ) , or , when he 's got an employee on duty with him , he 'll rest on the makeshift bed in the kitchen ( it 's actually just a rug the size of a yoga mat ) . To say they are deserving of a vacation 16 years from now is an understatement .
Given that New York City is the most difficult place to keep a restaurant afloat , Alvarez 's 40-some-year run is a considerable accomplishment . Their backstory is a sort of American Dream storyline mixed with Hunter S. Thompson-like narrative and an almost unimaginable reserve of perseverance .
Ray Alvarez behind the counter of their sweets shop Sam Koukoulas/Mic
The short of it : After nine years in the Iranian navy , at the age of 31 , Alvarez jumped ship — not figuratively — and swam to American shore . They worked at a coffee roaster in Miami and eventually hopped on a Greyhound to New York City ( he said they were running from the FBI , who pressed them for identification they did n't have ) . The first time Alvarez saw snow — and experienced the East Coast cold — was outside of Port Authority .
The Iranian expat had $ 7 to spend on their first winter coat , and even though it cost $ 10 , the shop owner let them buy it for $ 3 less . From there , Alvarez 's life followed a pattern of hard work , good fortune and kindness from strangers . In their first hours in Manhattan , after acquiring a coat , they stumbled upon a YMCA that offered room and board for homeless people . When they worked as a waiter at New Jersey 's Short Hills Country Club , they made good with the manager , who took Alvarez with them to many other well-paying jobs .
A $ 4 strawberry soft serve cone from Ray 's . ( Strawberry is Alvarez 's favorite . ) Sam Koukoulas/Mic
Years later , Alvarez borrowed $ 11,000 for rent for the Candy Store from the “ mafia club ” that resided at a restaurant a few doors down . Every Sunday , Alvarez recalled , a hitman from said club would visit the store to collect $ 550 in interest . Alvarez always paid up — until they could n't anymore . In this pickle , Alvarez called a friend who dropped off $ 11,000 to their door the next day . As Alvarez tells it , there was no shortage of good people gifting them the exact cash amount they needed 24 hours after making a phone call . In 2010 , after a bout of financial trouble , regulars and neighbors of Ray 's helped them raise $ 3,500 to pay rent and buy a host of new equipment .
When asked why they think people have been so generous , Alvarez thought for several moments . “ Usually Americans are like that — good , ” they said . “ Americans are good and generous. ” They said he 's witnessed “ good people ” and “ bad people ” through the tiny walk-up window in their store , but through it all , they remain “ crazy about America. ” “ In other countries , we do n't know sanitation , we have one police officer , education goes to fourth grade , ” they said , listing off other reasons why America is so great .
In 2011 , at 78 years old , Alvarez — whose birth name was Asghar Ghahraman , but was changed working in Miami for fear of deportation— became an official American citizen . A customer who was a lawyer was determined to get Alvarez naturalized after learning of their story . Within six months , Alvarez said , the lawyer had set them up with official documents and the financial benefits they earned with their new legal status .
“ You know , I found out that paradise is here , ” Alvarez said , pointing toward their little storefront window . They seemed to hint that their work , in addition to the world outside of it , is their paradise . In 2016 , Alvarez underwent heart surgery and was told to take six months off from working . “ I almost went crazy. ” After about three days , Alvarez said they fired their entire staff and “ started working day and night , ” sleeping for hour-long increments behind the counter . Two weeks later , they re-hired the employees but continued taking shifts .
You go to Ray 's for the head-sized pistachio soft serve , or maybe the beignets , or the fries — but you stay for the stories . You may listen in astonishment , you may consider them brave . But Alvarez is likely to shake their head in humility , as they did in this interview . “ I 'm not all that good , ” they said . “ I have a short temper , when things do n't go my way I go crazy . But I 'm learning — I learn from my mistakes . ”
Alvarez reading pages of Khayyám 's poetry . Sam Koukoulas/Mic
They quickly changed the subject , plucking a pile of ratty , torn pages out from underneath the counter . They 're from an old book of poems by Omar Khayyám , a philosopher whose work dates back to the Middle Ages . They read several aloud , first in Persian , then translating them to English . They closed with the one below :
“ This is life eternal . This is all that youth will give you . It is the season for wine , roses and drunken friends . Be happy for this moment . This moment is your life . ”
Then Alvarez took an empty coffee pot to the back to wash and refill .
Mexican drug cartels are slowly making their way into Calgary as they attempt to secure a foothold in what they see as a wealthy city where users are willing to shell out loads of cash to get high , police say .
The cartels , known for violence and deeply-entrenched networks of distributors , pose a big challenge for city police , Sgt . Jason Walker said Wednesday in an overview of the local gang landscape .
Investigators could spend considerable time cracking down on the cartel 's local drug dealers , only to watch as the arrested offenders are replaced by fresh recruits .
“ We have to be mindful of what our impact is going to be on the actual criminal organization , ” Walker , an investigator with the Calgary Police Service 's guns and gangs unit , told dozens of residents gathered at a Bowness community hall .
Calgary is home to sophisticated networks of organized crime groups that dodge police detection by learning their tactics and using encryption devices to block investigators from following their illicit movements , Walker said .
While international drug cartels moving into the city is an emerging concern , mid-level gangs – which are organized but do n't have the international reach of the cartels – have caused police and the public the most grief over the past 10 to 15 years .
The gang landscape is much different than it was in the 2000s , when members of the organized groups FOB and FK openly identified themselves , “ like a Hollywood gangster , ” Walker said .
Many of the same players and affiliations are still pushing drugs and stolen property through underground networks in the city , but under lower profiles .
“ Calgary has a very sophisticated organized crime presence , ” they said .
Organized crime groups often recruit young people old enough to drive because they can deliver drugs . The runners do n't carry large quantities in case they get busted , and once they 're empty they return to stash houses to reload , Walker said .
Gangsters have deep pockets and access to all the tools to ply their trade : guns , homemade pipe bombs and silencers . They even wear police tactical uniforms on home invasions and assassination attempts to buy “ five seconds of credibility before the other guys realize , ‘ hey , you are n't cops . ' ”
And their methods of evading detection are getting increasingly sophisticated . They 're spending thousands of dollars every month to pay for phones with off-shore servers that are encrypted . They have tracking devices to trace the movements of shipments and rival gangs .
“ They have a level of technology that is unprecedented to what they were seven , eight , nine years ago , ” Walker said .
Police smash organized crime by following up on tips and convincing gangsters to turn on their associates , but officers are also finding considerable success in prevention programs that target youth at risk of winding up living criminal lives .
“ The chief has got a vision that that 's where we 'll get the most bang for our buck , ” Walker said , “ and , long term thinking , I think he 's bang on . ”
rsouthwick @ calgaryherald.com
Privacy-conscious users have sounded the alarm after it emerged the `` New Tab '' thumbnail feature in Firefox 13 is `` taking snapshots of the user 's HTTPS session content '' .
Reg reader Chris discovered the feature after opening a new tab only to be `` greeted by my earlier online banking and webmail sessions complete with account numbers , balances , subject lines etc .
`` This content is behind a secure login for a reason , '' Chris added .
In response to queries on the matter prompted by Chris 's experience , Mozilla acknowledged that the behaviour was undesirable and promised a patch . In the meantime , the browser and email client firm points privacy-conscious users towards various workarounds , as a statement ( below ) explains .
We are aware of the concern and have a fix that will be released in a future version of Firefox . Mozilla remains resolute in its commitment to privacy and user control . The new tab thumbnail feature within Firefox does not transmit nor store personal information outside the user 's direct control . The new tab thumbnails are based on users ' browsing history . All information is contained within the browser and can be deleted at any time . Users can also switch back to using blank new tab screens by clicking the square icon in the top right corner of the browser . That will change the default preference to show a blank page , rather than the most visited websites when a new tab is opened . Users who share their computer or use Firefox on a public computer should follow best practices for protecting their privacy by utilizing the built-in privacy tools in in Firefox , such as Private Browsing Mode .
Firefox 13 was released on 5 June , adding new features including updated new tab and home tab pages . The updated new tab page feature is broadly akin to the Speed Dial feature already present in other browsers and displays cached copies of a user 's most visited websites . ®
1 . Anatomy of Color Tones
2 . Facial Expressions
3 . Abilities
... his most amazing power is the ability to stretch as much as they like . This means they can jump higher , run faster and be stronger than ever . But they only ever uses their powers for good . They would never use them to win a sporting competition . They know that competing on equal terms is much cooler . Click to expand ...
Theory of `` Manipulation ''
one
Together they will live a thousand adventures and win over Brazil and the world ! Click to expand ...
The Rio 2016 Olympic Committee has confirmed that Vinicius will appear in a series of shorts on Cartoon Network . Read the articleI recently wrote a case study on Vinicius , the 2016 Olympic Mascot , and their suspicious resemblances to Finn & Jake , which I published as a Community Blog Entry here on Toon Zone . Keep in mind the designers claimed that the Olympic mascots were inspired by pop culture and existing elements of `` animation , '' so there is a high chance my assumption is true . Here is the entry : Sure , is huge . The show itself has become a ratings phenomenon , built a huge fan base , and has encouraged its storyboard artists and writers to create shows of their own ( Rebecca Sugar'sand Skyler Page 's , for example . ) But despite its popularity , the series could never impact an event as monumental as the 2016 Olympics , correct ? Actually , despite the spectacle being two years away , may have done so already.I follow the Brand New blog , which covers modern design for businesses and recently discussed the 2014/15 Boomerang rebrand . Last week , the new Rio 2016 Olympic and Paralympic mascots took the spotlight on the front page , and even then , I thought the Olympic mascot looked familiar . Since then , I have started a `` case study '' to compare this mascot to the main characters of Cartoon Network 's biggest franchise , . Why is it `` Jake the Dog '' and `` Finn the Human '' may have created the official mascot of the 2016 Rio Olympics ? I have currently found three pieces of evidence that I have investigated to prove my theories , as well as my personal theory.I put too much work into that picture . As you can see , the similar color tones are shown with two lines leading to a letter inside a circle , with the color similarity filled in . There 's four I found , without noting the white colors.The lighter shade of blue on Finn 's shirt is integrated into the wrist of the mascot , leading to the darker shade of blue.Possibly suggesting the Olympic mascot is a merger of Finn and Jake , Jake 's yellow/orange fur serves as the color of the mascot 's upper body and head.Finn 's backpack has two shades of green ; the darker color is used on the mascot 's tail , which is directly below the normal position of the backpack.Paired closely with the lighter blue on both Finn and the mascot , the darker blue covers the rest of the wrist and hand until the fingertips.Still not convinced ? Well , this next piece of evidence ( and the one after ) may look more suspicious.There 's not much to say about this one . Look at the two faces , with the left shot taken from a recent episode ofand the right from a profile graphic for the Olympic mascot . Suspiciously similar.Jake 's stretching powers seem too good to be replicated . But somehow , the designers of the mascot were able to copy that trait as well . According to the official press statement : But apparently , stealing the powers of the most awesome Cartoon Network character in a decade was `` cooler '' than creating an ability that makes the character . Next ! Now , I have a theory to this , and it may be true based on the information I have collected so far ( thanks to @ szjdfgs . ) There is an animation studio in Brazil called `` Birdo '' that created the Olympic mascots . While designing and submitting the characters to the Rio Olympic Committee , the studio was working on a pilot submission to Cartoon Network called Oswaldo [ video=vimeo ; 61744531 ] The pilot submission project , arranged by Cartoon Network LA , would choosepilot to fund and develop into a full series . Apparently , `` Oswaldo '' was n't chosen as the winner , but waspicked up by Cartoon Network and is currently in development . This is where my theory starts . If Cartoon Network picked up and funded a pilot that lost the submissions contest , were any strings attached ? Perhaps Turner Brasil knew the studio was working on the mascots and made an offer ? is Cartoon Network 's most popular series , but what if they thought integrating the likes of Finn and Jake into the Olympic mascot would make the franchise even bigger ? It seems likely , as Cartoon Network is not known to making exceptions , especially with pilots . After all , it was not until 5 years thatbecame a series after losing its submissions contest.I 'll finalize this case study with another quote from the press statement I excerpted above . Seems coincidental , but I think not.In conclusion , the creation of the Finn-and-Jake-esque Olympic mascot was either an act of manipulation , inspiration , or something entirely different . But nevertheless , the mascot would lookdifferent if it was n't for the success ofFeel free to discuss you theories , opinions , or comments below .
Elizabeth Warren , former professor of law at Harvard , specialized in bankruptcy law . As Massachusetts ' junior senator , they are awitness to the corporate capitalism of both Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden . What they can teach us about Hillary and Joes is all wrapped up in the history of bankruptcy law .
On the other hand , their critique of Hillary and Joe does not extend to Bernie Sanders . Their voting record in Congress clearly shows that they and Warren think alike on these issues .
Prior to 1898 , the United States had no standing bankruptcy law , but that year Congress enacted its first permanent bankruptcy legislation . It remained almost intact until 1978 , when Congress passed a coherent reform bill . That bill was , for the most part , very pro-debtor and established a principle of “ bankruptcy on demand . ”
However , starting in 1984 , Congress began to whittle away at the provisions which favored debtors against creditors . This brings us to the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 , which slashed important consumer protections .
Senator Warren tells a very interesting story of their meeting with Hillary Clinton in 2000 . According to Warren , they gave a talk about bankruptcy law , which Mrs. Clinton , then First Lady , attended . After the talk , the two women met privately , and Warren gave Clinton a private lesson on bankruptcy law .
As a result of that discussion , Warren says , Mrs. Clinton opposed a Congressional Act to “ reform ” the pro-debtor bankruptcy law and to make it far less debtor friendly ( and far more lender friendly ) . They convinced their husband to veto the legislation , which they did by a “ pocket veto ” at the end of their tenure as President .
In 2001 , similar legislation was introduced , which then Senator Hillary Clinton supported . That legislation failed to pass , but it did pass in 2005 . Senator Clinton did not vote on the later bill ( she was visiting their husband in the hospital ) but says that they would have voted against it because the 2005 law omitted a provision that had been in the 2001 law .
Senator Warren ( speaking to Bill Moyers in 2004 about the 2001 legislation ) thought that Senator Clinton 's position in 2001 conflicted with their position when they convinced Bill Clinton to veto the 2000 legislation . Presumably , Senator Clinton would argue that they had improved the legislation in the 2001 version and felt they could support it , even as ( she says ) they would have voted against the 2005 legislation . However , while there were certainly differences between the legislation in 2000 , 2001 and 2005 , the overall effect of all of this legislation was or would have been to erode the rights of debtors against those of creditors .
Senator Warren blamed Senator Clinton 's change of position between 2000 and 2001 on the substantial financing of politics by the financial industry . In the Moyers film , they say that “ [ Senator Clinton ] worries about them [ the banks ] as constituents. ” Senator Warren discussed the amount of money that the financial industry put into modifying the bankruptcy , “ making it easier and easier and easier for them to drain money out of the pockets of middle-class families. ” It is precisely this question – the impact of money on the political process – that is so important to many voters in the 2016 election .
( If you do n't want to view the Moyers film , the following summarizes it nicely :
Q : You have an amazing anecdote in The Two-Income Trap [ a book Warren wrote with their daughter ] about Hillary Clinton and the bankruptcy bill , which they called “ that awful bill ” and opposed when their husband was President but voted for in 2001 , though it did n't pass then .
Warren : I give Hillary Clinton a lot of credit . When they were First Lady , I sat down with them in a hotel in Boston . I had all these graphs and charts , and they were crunching through a hamburger , listening , and asking a lot of questions , and they really got it . At first , they were resistant . After all , the White House was quietly supporting the banks ' bankruptcy bill . But boy , by about the third or fourth slide they were starting to say , “ Oh , ” and they could jump ahead . They got it . Someone later told me there were skid marks on the floor in the White House from people reversing position on that bankruptcy bill when Hillary Clinton got back from Boston .
Q : And then those skid marks turned the other way again when they went to the Senate and soon thereafter voted for a similar bill .
Warren : That was the interesting thing . They stayed in the same place so long as they were in the White House . I believe that Mrs. Clinton was responsible for President Clinton 's veto of that bankruptcy bill . Ultimately , Congress passed the bill again in 2005 and George Bush signed it into law . But in that five-year period in between , eight million families went through the bankruptcy system , while the law was still intact . So the veto was important , and I believe they were the cause . And that 's what 's so disheartening . They changed their vote in the Senate . If Hillary Clinton , one of the strongest , most independent politicians of their generation , felt that they needed to conform their voting to the desires of the banking industry once they held elective office , what hope is there for the rest of the politicians ? ”
While Senator Clinton can argue that they did not vote for the 2005 legislation ( which basically enacted the bills that failed in 2000 and 2001 ) , they did vote for the 2001 legislation , which was essentially the same as the legislation they opposed in 2000 . Barack Obama used their 2001 vote to criticize them during the 2008 election campaign . On the other hand , Bernie Sanders voted against the 2005 law , as they have on most bankruptcy legislation . In general , bankruptcy legislation since 1984 has favored the banks against their customers .
The problem for Joe Biden with respect to all of this is that they clearly supported and promoted the 2005 Act and its precedents . “ As a Harvard law professor in 2002 , Warren published a journal article excoriating Biden for playing a leading role in delivering legislation that made it more difficult for Americans to reduce debts through bankruptcy filings . As the senator from Delaware , Biden 's repeated push for the bill—signed into law by President George W. Bush in 2005—amounted to “ vigorous support of legislation that hurts women , ” Warren declared . They said “ the group that will be most affected by the changes in the bankruptcy legislation Senator Biden so forcefully supports will be women , particularly women heads of household who are supporting children . ”
In a separate 2003 book [ “ The Two-Income Trap ” ] they co-authored with their daughter , Warren said , “ Senators like Joe Biden should not be allowed to sell out women in the morning and be heralded as their friend in the evening . ”
Because of their conflicting position with Biden , it would be difficult for Warren to run as vice-president with h – even though apparently this possibility has attracted some attention . “ Warren 's 2002 writings , however , may stymie that effort both because their criticism was specifically targeted at Biden and because the criticism revolved around an issue that cuts to the heart of Democratic voters ' concerns over the growing political power of the financial sector .
In Warren 's 2002 review of Biden , they said the senator of 36 years played a “ crucial ” role in passing the bankruptcy legislation over the objections of unions , consumer groups and women 's organizations . The bill was backed by major credit card companies , including MBNA , which is headquartered in Delaware and whose employees collectively became Biden 's top campaign contributor . The firm also hired Biden 's son , Hunter , as a consultant . ”
Based on all of this , one can see that Elizabeth Warren 's writings and their talk with Bill Moyers undercut the positions of both Joe Biden and Hillary Clinton that they support the middle-class against the financial interests that provide the money to both of their campaigns . On the other hand , Bernie Sander 's voting record in Congress with respect to the same ( and similar ) legislation is clear : they oppose the banks and supports the middle-class . So the result is clear : if you think that the impact of money in politics is central to our broken political system , you 'll want Bernie Sanders for President over both Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden .
Michael T. Hertz
In certain circles , it 's currently very fashionable to bemoan that Jeremy Corbyn only appeals to middle-class people . Broadsheet journalists and Westminster insiders decry the Labour leader 's apparent inability to attract anyone who would seem out of place at an Islington dinner party .
The stereotype of the foolish , privately educated Marxist – insulated from the real-word consequences of the political strategy they advocate – is evoked regularly . The well-to-do backgrounds of both Corbyn and their chief spin doctor , Seamus Milne , adding weight to the suggestion .
Implicit in this narrative is the idea that it 's the other side of the Labour Party that truly has the interests of working-class people at heart . Anyone who really cares about improving the living conditions of people on low incomes ca n't afford to ponce around making a show of being ‘ principled ' and watch their party haemorrhage votes as a result , critics suggest . Corbyn supporters are predominately privileged individuals who can afford to treat the whole thing as an ideological game .
They do have something of a point . Polling consistently shows that Corbyn is extremely unpopular with voters and , while it 's early days , it 's hard to envisage a course of events that leads to a reversal of this trend in time for the next general election . On social media , their supporters curse rebellious Labour MPs and a hostile media for turning the public against him , but even if these complaints are n't entirely unfounded it 's besides the point . Wringing your hands over what could have been wo n't make the actual situation any less bleak .
At the same time , clinging to the idea that Labour has been hijacked by upper middle-class radicals allows so-called moderates to avoid facing up to what has actually gone wrong . Not least , the fact that Corbyn 's sweeping first-round victory in the leadership contest was enabled , to a great extent , by three alternative candidates who utterly failed to inspire the selectorate . What 's more , polling found that Corbyn 's supporters were far more likely to have an income of below £40k , and to be in working class and lower middle-class occupations , than those who favoured Burnham , Cooper and , particularly , Kendall .
This is unsurprising when you consider the point at which Corbyn 's campaign really took off : when all three other candidates opted to toe the party line , as mandated by caretaker leader Harriet Harman , and abstain from voting on the second reading of the government 's welfare bill . Working-class people are more likely to know someone vulnerable to being hit by welfare cuts , even if they 're not themselves at risk . It makes sense that working-class Labour supporters might be especially likely to prioritise the issue .
Corbyn was unknown , undistinguished and , let 's face it , something of an oddball . At the start of the leadership contest , no credible commentator considered that they might actually win the damn thing . It 's doubtful that Corbyn even saw it as a possibility himself . Of the 59.5 % of voters who selected them as their first choice , only a fraction were ideologues who would have chosen the most left-wing option in any circumstance . Most took a massive gamble on the sole candidate who seemed robustly committed to Labour values .
As their critics predicted , it 's a gamble that has n't paid off . Notions of ‘ changing the terms of the debate ' aside , it 's difficult for a UK political party to achieve much while it stays in opposition . At the moment , there 's every indication that a Corbyn-led Labour might not even be able to secure 200 seats in 2020 . Undeniably , he 's shaping up to be an electoral disaster .
Contrary to what is frequently claimed , though , the problem is n't that Corbyn only appeals to the middle-classes . The problem is that he 's equally unpopular with everyone . Recent research by YouGov found they have an average rating of 3.69/10 among people in ABC1 social groups and 3.75/10 among people in the C2DE groups .
Their supporters cut across class backgrounds and , so too , do their detractors . For every anecdote about lifelong trade unionist abandoning Labour because of Corbyn 's stance on foreign policy issues , there 's someone like my own aunt , who is affected by the Bedroom Tax and thinks he 's God 's gift to politics . Similarly , a sample of newspaper columnists alone should be enough to demonstrate that it 's not only working-class former Labour voters who find the new leader 's opinion distasteful . Dan Hodges announced he 's quitting the party , again . Nick Cohen claims he 's been driven to give up on “ the left ” altogether .
It 's bizarre watching high-earning media and political insiders clamour to condemn Corbyn 's supporters as privileged and out of touch and , implicitly , present themselves as the true voice of working-class interests . Likewise , it 's hard to see how going to war with the majority of Labour members who voted for the current leader is a route to electoral success . The party 's strength has always laid in its large network of activists . It 's not enough to assume that the left , in England at least , has nowhere else to go at voting time .
Corbyn 's perverse gift to Labour moderates is that they 're able to define themselves primarily against him . This distracts from the fact that , even if he 'd never got those 35 nominations , it would probably still be hard to feel positive about the party 's electoral chances . Certainly , there 's no obvious alternative leader-in-waiting despite the appetite for finding someone to anoint . ( The praise heaped on Hilary Benn for a mediocre speech opposing Corbyn was , frankly , embarrassing to witness . )
If the centre-left want to regain control of Labour , being Not Corbyn is n't enough . Smearing everyone who supports them as a clueless trustafarian – in the face of concrete evidence to the contrary – is actively counterproductive . They need to sell a vision for the country the way Blair did , and the way Corbyn has to their sizeable following .
If they ca n't win over the party faithful , what chance do they have in a general election anyway ?
PHOTO : PA - Jeremy Corbyn arriving with supporters to make their first speech as leader to the Labour Party conference in Brighton
TLC is getting religion . The cable channel known for reality shows like Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and 19 Kids and Counting has ordered a series exploring answered prayers . The as-yet-untitled project will be executive produced by Mark Burnett and Roma Downey , the husband-wife team behind History 's The Bible ( and of course , Burnett also produces broadcast hits like CBS ' Survivor and NBC 's The Voice ) .
Downey will host the six-part series , which will “ explore the stories of people who claim that they 've experienced modern-day miracles , incredible twists of fate , and phenomena that logic and science can not explain . ”
“ TLC is always looking for remarkable , heart-warming , and eye-opening stories , ” said Nancy Daniels , general manager , TLC . “ This project , and our fantastic partnership with Roma and Mark , will deliver a television experience that connects with the hearts , minds , and faith of our viewers . ”
Added Downey : “ Mark and I feel passionate about providing projects that show people 's lives in positive and uplifting ways . This is a wonderful opportunity to work with TLC and host a series that will inspire and encourage viewers to remember that even in the worst circumstances prayer can lead to divine intervention . ”
The surprise success of last year 's The Bible has sparked a renewed interest in religion-themed programming . Burnett and Downey are producing a follow-up project , NBC 's upcoming 12-hour miniseries A.D .
I am unfamiliar with VMWare , but I am familiar with doing this process across arbitrary logical volumes . First , you have to clone the VM in such a way that your VM snapshot copies the server in a consistent state ( like an LV Snap ) . You also need to be able to grab the slave 's current replication coordinates as you begin your copy . Because of this , the following mechanism would be required :
FLUSH TABLES WITH READ LOCK ; SHOW SLAVE STATUS a. Retrieve Exec_Master_Log_Pos and Relay_Master_Log_File from this output , these are your coordinates to use when setting up replication on the new slave -- Begin creating snapshot UNLOCK TABLES ;
Once this is done and the new server has been built from image , you will need to execute a CHANGE master statement on the slave to update these binlog coordinates :
CHANGE MASTER TO MASTER_LOG_FILE= '' $ { Relay_Master_Log_File from 2a } '' , MASTER_LOG_POS= $ { Exec_Master_Log_Pos from 2a } ;
This method would work with an LV snaphsot for exmaple . Some tools such as hollandbackup support this style of LVM copy : http : //wiki.hollandbackup.org/mysqllvm
By Simon Owens
Two years after Jamie Golden and Knox McCoy launched Popcast , a pop culture podcast they host once a week , they still could n't attract high quality advertisers despite the show 's loyal and growing audience . “ We found the advertisers who were approaching us were n't quantifying our value in any kind of tangible way , ” said Golden in an interview . “ And yet we had these fans who would just go to bat for us . Whatever we asked of them , they would do , and they were supportive and stayed consistent . We never saw a decrease in downloads , not one month we 've been in existence . It 's been growth , growth , growth . ”
The two launched the podcast in August of 2013 . At the time , Golden was working as a marketer for nonprofits while McCoy wrote screenplays for a video production company , and for the first year they treated the podcast as merely a hobby . “ After about 18 months with consistent growth , we just sat down and decided that if we 're really going to do this , we need to make some decisions and goals , ” said Golden . That list of goals included items like conducting live shows and growing the podcast 's newsletter . But at the very top of the list they set an objective to start generating revenue .
If you run a podcast with a small-to-midsized audience , this is often easier said than done . In the past few years we 've seen the podcast industry , as a whole , make significant headway toward attracting advertisers to the medium . Some podcast companies report they 're commanding between $ 50 to $ 100 per thousand listeners , and major brands , initially reluctant to dip their toes into the podcast waters , are now budgeting for ad spots on popular shows . Meanwhile , podcast startups like Gimlet have announced multi-million dollar investments from VC firms .
But the overwhelming majority of these new advertising dollars are flowing to podcasts with millions of monthly downloads . Last summer I attended Podcast Movement , an industry conference , and sat in on a panel led by Lex Friedman , the chief revenue officer for Midroll Media , one of the leading podcast networks . At one point during the Q & A , someone raised their hand and asked how many listeners a show needs to have in order to get accepted into the Midroll network . Friedman replied that the current threshold was 50,000 , but that it would soon double to 100,000 . Advertising has always been an industry that chases scale , and so even podcasts that boast tens of thousands of listeners are still struggling to make money .
That was the reality facing McCoy and Golden . “ We were told that since we cover TV and film , we needed 5,000 downloads per episode , ” recalled Golden . “ But then when we 'd reached that number , they 'd say we now needed 10,000 downloads . And so on and so on. ” The two determined , given the fervent interactions they experienced with their listeners , that they 'd turn to those same listeners to generate revenue . At the time , some other podcasters were launching crowdfunding campaigns on Kickstarter and Indiegogo . But these platforms were geared more toward one-off projects , like those who planned to publish a book or an album . “ We wanted something that would be more ongoing . ”
So McCoy and Golden turned to a then-new crowdfunding platform called Patreon . Founded by music artist Jack Conte , Patreon differed from other crowdfunding sites in that it was optimized for artists who generated work on an ongoing basis . Rather than making a one-time contribution , supporters set a dollar amount and then Patreon charges that amount to their credit cards at the beginning of each month . One of the platform 's most famous early adopters was singer Amanda Palmer , who wanted to leave their corporate record label behind and now receives close to $ 34,000 from Patreon supporters for each piece of art they create .
When the Popcast team reached out to Patreon , there were n't many other podcasters on the platform . “ They were small at the time , ” said Golden . “ You knew everyone by their first name at the organization. ” This allowed Golden to give direct feedback and see immediate results . “ We would ask Patreon questions and they 'd be like , ‘ Hmm , we have n't thought of that , so let 's try it . ' ”
[ LIKE THIS ARTICLE SO FAR ? THEN YOU 'LL REALLY WANT TO SIGN UP FOR MY NEWSLETTER . IT 'S DELIVERED ONCE A WEEK AND PACKED WITH MY TECH AND MEDIA ANALYSIS . SUBSCRIBE OVER HERE ]
Patreon allows a user to set several subscriber levels and , as with other crowdfunding platforms , the more you give , the more you receive from the artist . At first , McCoy and Golden struggled with deciding which benefits to offer up . “ We made it very complicated to support us because there were too many levels and rewards , ” said Golden . After attracting an initial 200 supporters , their funding plateaued . Then , in Fall 2016 , they simplified their offerings to subscribers . “ We only had two tiers to support us . ”
If you subscribed at the $ 3-a-month level , you would gain access to monthly deep dive episodes . For those who subscribed at the $ 7-a-month level , you would receive an extra pop culture news segment from the weekly show and “ mini-episodes ” that spanned between 10 and 15 minutes . They also set a fundraising goal of $ 2,500 , and once they reached that goal they promised to produce weekly recaps of The Bachelor . Before they revised their offerings , there had been tiers that required them to record video and even send stuff by mail . “ That was so much harder than producing the very thing we 're good at creating , which is audio content. ” The change worked ; since October 2016 , Popcast has tripled both the number of subscribers and the amount of revenue generated through Patreon .
Many of the podcasters I spoke to for this article said they struggled with how to structure their support tiers . The goal is to be able to offer up subscriber “ extras ” that provide value to those who receive them while at the same time ensuring these extras do n't take up too much time and resources to fulfill — time that could be better spent improving the podcast itself . Ben Kissel , a host for Last Podcast on the Left , which focuses on true crime and serial killers , told me that they and their co-hosts settled on a range of rewards that dovetailed with their content . “ You could get a picture of a crime scene photo signed by us , ” they said . “ And then [ co-host Marcus Parks ] went through the manual labor task and pain of using a bone saw and sawed up cow bones that their parents sent them up from Texas . People absolutely loved it. ” New subscribers would receive shoutouts on the show , bonus audio content that featured the hosts reading aloud from the Satanic Verses , and early ticket purchasing access for live shows .
Tony Hilder from Wirryilka Station near Menindee . Sheep farmers like the Hilders are enjoying high prices and good rains . Credit : Nick Moir `` It 's not often that the stars align as they have done so at the moment , '' says Lachlan Gall from Langawirra Station , north-east of Broken Hill , and the president of the Pastoralists ' Association of West Darling , The map showing soil moisture is indigo , denoting above average and record rainfalls across most of Australia , except for apatch of pink in south Western Australia . Not one of Australia 's main agriculture areas is in short-term drought , a rare event that last occurred in 2001 , says Blair Trewin , the Bureau of Meteorology 's senior climatologist . Even the rains of 2010-11 missed major agricultural areas such as south-west Australia . In September , for the time in years , the Bureau of Meteorology did n't produce a drought map because it was not needed . Of course , too much rain is always going to be bad for some crops , and Christmas may be a bit more expensive for shoppers buying potatoes , oysters and cherries .
Mary , Tony and their son Nic Hilder from Wirryilka Station near Menindee . They are fourth and fifth generation wool growers . Credit : Nick Moir In their 25 years in the industry , the chief executive of Meat and Livestock Australia Richard Norton says they have not seen all three commodities – wool , lamb and beef – as strong as they are today . `` It is having a major impact for the better , '' they say . The shearing shed at Wirryilka Station near Menindee . Credit : Nick Moir The mood is buoyant , they say . Land values have also risen , the exchange rate is tolerable , interest rates are low , and the rain has given everyone hope .
Stuart McCullough , the chief executive of industry body Australian Wool Innovation , says it is a `` great time for agriculture '' , except for some croppers . At Wirryilka Station , the Hilder family hope to average $ 1500 to $ 1600 a bale of wool . Credit : Nick Moir `` It 's not often that the stars align '' Lachlan Gall Although wool production has been shrinking , demand for Australian wool rose after the resumption of marketing to European garment makers in August 2010 . The five-year average price of a kilogram of wool rose from $ 5.43 in 2005 , to $ 7.30 in 2010 , to $ 10.84 in the period ending 2015 , and a further hike to about $ 13.00 since then . Prices of lamb , beef – although cattle farmers were hit hard by drought – and goat have had similar increases . But do n't expect to see farmers spending extravagantly on anything other than staying in business .
McCullough says farmers are frugal by nature , although right now they urge them to `` grab that wool cheque '' without feeling guilty because times have been so tough . Norton , though , likens Aussie farmers to Brahmin bulls . `` They do n't exhibit physical attributes of pain , and I think that sums up the Australian farmer . They 've been through the depths , they understand how hard things can be . They know that one day you can wake up and you do n't have a job , you do n't have an income , and your mortgage has gone up three times . '' Many farmers are taking advantage of the good times to reduce their bank debts . Gall says most graziers in the far west of NSW are investing in their businesses on the back of good returns from wool and livestock , spending on shearing shed renovations , fencing , yard building , implement sheds or replacing old vehicles and machinery .
`` I spoke to a fencing contractor recently who has work booked up for the next 12 months , '' they say . They drove recently from Adelaide to Queensland , and says it has never looked so consistently good . `` Local landholders are talking about preparations for the summer bushfire season , which probably only happens once a decade in this area on average . '' Many farmers are reducing debts . Others are using the federal government 's tax friendly farm management deposits . It allows farmers to save for the inevitable downturn by depositing pre-tax income from good years , which they can draw on in future years when they need it . Since 2006 , deposits have doubled to $ 4.3 billion , reaching a high of $ 5.07 billion in June . Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce announced this year a doubling of the maximum amount held by any primary producer to $ 800,000 , saying it `` built resilience in the farming community so they put money aside for themselves for when droughts come , for when things get tough '' .
The Hilders – Tony , Mary and son Nic – spend as much as $ 300,000 a year in maintaining and improving their property , preparing wells and dams for rains . More recently , they spent $ 500,000 improving an old shearing shed and building a new one to making shearing less fraught for sheep , and easier on the shearers . Instead of the old noisy shearing sheds , the shed where six shearers work is quiet , nearly meditative , punctuated only by the bleating of sheep and the whirring of fans . Shearers are banned from using radios , dogs are usually not allowed , but when we visit a young pup jumps all over the sheep . The pens are angled so that , when the shearer grabs the sheep , it turns easily without hurting the shearer or itself . The head of the contractor shearing sheep in the refurbished sheds says the conditions are better on Wirryilka than nearly everywhere else . Other than spending on their property , the Hilders are saving . `` We are not extravagant people , '' Hilder says . `` We know how to save . You only need another rough dry few years and you can absorb a few costs . We can still make money in a drought . If you do [ make preparations for bad times and drought ] when it is good , you can afford to go without improvements in a few years . ''
This year , the family hope to average $ 1500 to $ 1600 a bale of wool . The high prices have been a long time coming . `` It 's something we 've waited a long time for . It is something we all work for , and it takes a long time to come together . But we have always had faith in the merino industry and dug our toes in and had a big investment in it , and it has been paid off . ''
N.B . : This is a personal blog post . The opinions expressed here represent my own and not those of Mozilla .
In the last few months , I 've had many people reach out to me 1:1 because they are worried about the privacy aspects of WebRTC — largely because they heard discussions about “ IP disclosure ” ( which sounded really scary and confusing to them ) , and I want to provide a coherent , higher level summary of what the real issues are and are n't .
So with the help of my friends and colleagues at Mozilla and in the greater WebRTC community , I 'm going to summarize the concerns and what Mozilla is doing about them . The Chrome team is also addressing these concerns .
First some background for folks who are new to WebRTC and the topic of IP address gathering :
Real-time applications such as VoIP , video calls and online games work best when media flows directly between the endpoints , producing the lowest latency and the best user experience . In order to establish direct communications , WebRTC uses a technology called ICE . ICE works by collecting every IP address which might be used to reach your browser and shares this with the JS application .
Most user 's computers are behind some type of NAT/router/ ” home gateway ” , which has an external IP address on the internet , and a Local Area Network ( LAN ) that your machines and devices connect to . Each machine will have a local IP address on the LAN , which is normally not visible to external sites you connect to . When a user connects to a site , the external IP address of their NAT is normally visible to the site .
However , aside from legitimate uses for real-time communications , sites can also use these IP addresses to fingerprint users and in some cases expose an external IP address the user did n't expect to expose .
Who does this “ exposure ” affect ?
A browser exposes an external IP address to each server that it contacts . Learning the local IP address of your machine on your local network ( LAN ) is not particularly useful information since these addresses are rarely unique : most LANs use one of a small number of private address ranges . It adds no significant additional fingerprinting exposure — and blocking determined fingerprinting is very hard to do in a normal browser , if possible at all . Someone may be able to use the local IP address to figure out who a user is when they are on a large network behind a NAT , but correlating that to a user 's identity typically requires access to the network logs for that NAT .
VPNs and anonymity
Some people attempt to use Virtual Private Networks ( VPNs ) to conceal their IP address . ( The type of VPN use typical here creates a “ tunnel ” for your internet traffic to the VPN provider , making it appear when you browse that you 're located wherever the VPN provider is . ) A good ( if extreme ) example of this is someone hiding from a government . Many such users assume that using a VPN will obscure all their browsing and their real external IP address , which could be used to locate them .
However many VPN configurations do n't properly disable local interfaces , and so users of those VPNs might be surprised to learn that their real external IP addresses are exposed by ICE . This behavior is n't new or unique to WebRTC : Flash , which is enabled in the vast majority of browsers , contains an ICE-like NAT traversal technology with similar properties .
For cases like this , we 've added several new privacy controls for WebRTC in Firefox 42 . These controls allow add-on developers to build features that give users the ability to selectively disable all or part of WebRTC , and which allow finer control over what information is exposed to JS applications , especially your IP address or addresses . None of these features are enabled by default due to the considerable cost of enabling them to most users ( most of them can be also enabled via about : config ) . There 's a Hacks blog post that discusses exactly how to use these .
It is important to realize that a VPN on its own is a poor system for protecting user anonymity . On top of that , many VPNs have serious flaws that can leak your address such as this IPV6 issue .
Even when a VPN is configured so that other IP addresses ( interfaces ) are disabled , other information about your browser or your computer can be used to reveal your identity . In general , it is not possible to defend against deanonymizing techniques like fingerprinting ( see here ) without taking extraordinary steps . And if attackers can fingerprint you while you 're using the VPN , they can then match that fingerprint to browsing you do with the VPN off and trivially find your “ real ” external IP address ( and thus know who/where you are , given the assumption they control or have access to your ISP 's logs ) . This is one of several reasons a VPN alone is n't a real safety-net for anonymization from strong attackers , like a government .
If your concern is weaker attackers ( such as the NY Times ) , they can also use fingerprinting to infer your real external IP and likely location ( and in many cases tons of information on you tied to the fingerprint – potentially including email , real name , and snail-mail addresses ) .
Is WebRTC dangerous to users in certain countries ?
People whose physical safety relies on anonymity should not be depending on a VPN alone for that anonymity . There are a myriad of ways to fingerprint and de-anonymize VPN users ( see some of the links above for details ) . If there were one message that could get out to these users as a result of these debates and discussions , I hope it would be “ VPNs will not protect you . They are n't capable of doing so by themselves . ”
People at physical risk due to disclosure should be using the Tor Browser . Advocates for these users should be encouraging this , and work to build a set of “ best practices ” and publish it widely .
Other related privacy features
Another privacy feature Firefox added is the ability to hide your external IP address from other users of WebRTC services you use . This feature is intended for users who are trying to avoid a specific other person finding them . They may want to avoid exposing their external IP address to the other party in a WebRTC call , since it could be used to locate them physically . For this case ( and some other use cases ) , we 've added a pref that forces all WebRTC connections to use relay ( “ TURN ” ) servers , so that no traffic goes directly between the two browsers ( the service would still know who and where you are , but the other user would not ) . You can also use existing prefs to force all traffic through a specific TURN server instead of one controlled by the website using WebRTC .
Future work
These are just the first set of changes . In coming releases , we will likely refine what controls we provide for WebRTC to balance usability and privacy . We are working with both the W3 and IETF working groups to find better ways to address these issues . I invite constructive suggestions on how best to do this . Here are some proposals we 're trying to think through and flesh out :
Should some of these be the enabled by default in Private browsing windows ?
Should we add a control in Customize you can drag out into the menubar which shows a list of active WebRTC RTCPeerConnections ?
How can WebRTC be improved and leveraged to help provide secure and hard-to-block communication between users ?
Users who need maximum anonymity protection will have to make some significant usability and performance sacrifices , which should probably include using a more comprehensive system , such as the Tor Browser . Firefox and other browsers designed for mainstream users are not the best choice for that set of users , but most users do n't fall into this category . We want your help in making smart , practical choices that add value for users and give them control over their web experience without sacrificing default quality and usability . Please send email with your suggestions to the dev-media mailing list ( subscribe ) or comment here .
Discontinuous research on Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band since June 1994 .
Albums - Lyrics - Messylaneous - People - Vendors - About HPR - FAQ - Links
Home Page Replica is/was one of the earliest collections of material about Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band on the web . It 's updated infrequently .
Recently :
( 2016/10/08 ) Did I ever link to this Shiny Beast comic before ? It does n't say Beefheart out loud , but you can see it in the hats and the colors .
( 2014/03/31 ) This Hour Of Slack episode has several Beefheart covers in the latter half of the show . Also , see this Octopus Pie comic .
( 2013/08/24 ) Lunar Notes , the story of Bill Harkleroad/Zoot Horn Rollo 's experience in the Magic Band , is back in print .
( 2012/09/21 ) I stumbled onto the CD of the live performance of the Magic Band in Oxford , UK , in 2005 . Why did n't someone tell me about this before so I could have spent 7 more years of my life able to listen to this ? `` My Human Gets Me Blues '' on this album is possibly my favorite version of my favorite song ever .
Less recently :
Older news . Not necessarily complete .
The author says Warren 's rival would be smart to refrain from attacking their heritage . Warren 's Oklahoma story
I can break treaties with myself all the time .
You see , I 'm one of many Oklahomans — probably like Elizabeth Warren — who grew up hearing stories of my family 's mixed heritage . My grandfather talked about their Native American roots , and my mother 's lineage stretches back to Francis Scott Key . Yes , that Francis Scott Key .
Story Continued Below
Native American heritage is no big deal in Oklahoma . Most families that are at least three generations Okie are related to one tribe or another .
It 's just who we are . We all grow up there hearing about which tribe or tribes we belong to and which relatives were in the leadership 100 years ago .
These were the same stories Warren must have grown up hearing . Because this history is so , well , native for us . We take it for granted . That might be why Warren did n't react quickly when their heritage was questioned during their Massachusetts Senate campaign against Republican Sen. Scott Brown .
The Oklahoma landscape is filled with native art and architecture . We go to powwows and Native American ceremonies and festivals . Schools teach about past struggles and our multicultural history . The customs and stories are passed down from generation to generation .
I 'm sure it 's a lot like New Englanders who grow up hearing stories of their family 's journey to the New World . Women applying for the Daughters of the American Revolution , for example , trace their lineage back to an uncle 's great-grandfather 's sister 's brother-in-law — who fought alongside George Washington in the American Revolution — like some of my grandmother 's family .
The Colonial Dames of America are even more stringent — direct ancestors must have been leaders in the 13 colonies . Some members can trace their lineage back to the Mayflower passenger list . But no one ever asks them how much Mayflower blood they have .
Conservative commentators scoffed all last week at what they assert is Warren 's low percentage of native ancestry . Their problem — like most people who did n't grow up in a place like Oklahoma — is they have no real frame of reference for how much blood is removed with each generation . Consider that the current chief of the Cherokee Tribe matches Warren — they also are 1/32 Cherokee .
These commentators ignore a history tracing back to a mixed heritage , like Warren 's , that is the epitome of the American story . Seems like a double standard .
The second part of these attacks somehow argues from the other side — alleging that Warren was not qualified to teach at Harvard , and their faux Native American ancestry was the only reason they got the gig .
Brown would do well to stay away from this . It will probably only take one debate to see how much smarter they are .
If I had to put money on the higher IQ — I 'd take the Oklahoman over the guy who probably keeps their pickup shined up in the garage .
It 's a good thing he 's not running in my state . We do n't like it when someone comes after one of our own .
Sarah Burris is a new media consultant and serves as the managing editor of FutureMajority.com . Twitter is @ SarahBurris
Proposition 19 support falls , Field Poll finds CAMPAIGN 2010 / Field Poll In a reversal of earlier survey , voters oppose measure to legalize pot
Support for Proposition 19 , the state initiative that would legalize marijuana , is fading in the final days of the campaign , according to Field Poll results released today .
The same poll - the last one before Tuesday 's vote - found continued opposition to Proposition 23 , which would suspend the state 's greenhouse gas reduction law , and support for Proposition 25 , which would allow the Legislature to approve budgets with a simple majority instead of a two-thirds vote .
Of 1,501 registered voters who participated in the Field Poll , 49 percent said they oppose Prop . 19 and 42 percent said they are in favor of it - that 's a complete reversal from the poll in September .
The Field Poll interviewed voters by phone between Oct. 14 and 26 . The results come with a margin of error of 3.2 percentage points .
Voter opinions tend to shift during a campaign season , becoming more refined as the election draws closer , especially on issues that get a lot of media attention and last-minute campaign pushes , Field Poll officials said .
In fact , poll results on Prop . 19 have shifted continuously over the course of the campaign . In July , 48 percent of people polled were against Prop . 19 . In September , 49 percent were in favor of it . Now , the opposition is leading again .
Prop . 19 opponents said they believe voter opinion is changing as people get more information about the specifics of the marijuana initiative .
`` The more voters have focused on the language of the initiative itself , the more they 've said , 'Wait a second , even if we 're for the concept , maybe we 'd better figure out a better way to do it , ' `` said Roger Salazar , spokesperson for the No on Prop . 19 campaign .
But campaign leaders for Prop . 19 have suggested that polling voters about marijuana is tough to do , because people may be reluctant to tell a questioner that they support legalizing pot .
The campaign ran simultaneous polls this month - one in which voters were questioned by a live person , and one in which they were questioned by automated voices - and found that support was much higher when voters were talking to a computer .
Those differing results show that `` many people are simply reluctant to admit their support on such a controversial matter , '' said Tom Angell , media director for Prop . 19 . `` We 're confident that once people are in the privacy of the voting booth on Tuesday , they 'll vote for much-needed changes to our failed marijuana laws . ''
Support for Prop . 19 is highest in the Bay Area and Northern California , and among voters under age 40 . Roughly half of registered Democrats are in favor of the proposition , compared with just 25 percent of Republicans .
The most recent Field Poll also showed 48 percent of voters opposed to Prop . 23 , the initiative that would suspend California 's climate-change law . But 19 percent of voters are still undecided on the measure ; 33 percent said they are in favor it .
Support for Prop . 25 has fallen dramatically since July , but is still far outpacing opposition . In July , 65 percent of people polled were in favor of the proposition , compared with 48 percent now . Thirty-one percent of voters are opposed to the proposition to allow the Legislature to pass budgets with a simple majority , and 21 percent are still undecided , according to the Field Poll .
“ Our city would not be as robust and vibrant as it is if it were not for the infusion of cash ” from visitors , Mr. Dixon said . And that cash is spreading farther and farther from Times Square these days because , they said , tourists are “ exploring every corner of our city . ”
The ripple effect is clear from the list of hotels that have recently opened or will open soon in places like Williamsburg in Brooklyn , Long Island City in Queens and the Pelham Bay section of the Bronx . Before the end of the year , the number of hotel rooms in the city is expected to surpass 100,000 for the first time , up more than 30,000 since 2006 .
Despite all the construction , hotel operators have managed to keep filling their rooms at higher prices . The average rate paid for a hotel room in the city so far this year has been $ 266 a night , up more than 2 percent from the first five months of 2013 , according to NYC & Company .
That gain has come despite the proliferation of unregulated lodging services , such as Airbnb , that visitors use to find less expensive or less commercial accommodations . Mayor Bill de Blasio has voiced concerns about Airbnb , which the hotel industry fiercely opposes . But Mr. Dixon reserved judgment . If the service is deemed legal and can be properly regulated , they said , it could help fulfill the growing demand for “ experiential travel . ”
“ People want to live like a local and experience neighborhoods like a local , ” Mr. Dixon said . That is why NYC & Company has devoted substantial resources to promoting areas far from the bright lights , including Tompkinsville on Staten Island and the Gowanus section of Brooklyn .
That effort is a favorite of Mr. de Blasio , who announced in mid-March that Mr. Dixon would fill the void left by Mr. Fertitta 's departure last year . “ You know when I see the tour buses go through Brooklyn , it gives me a thrill , ” Mr. de Blasio said then .
Disobedient Media has previously reported on the Guccifer 2.0 persona as analyzed by Adam Carter , and the NGP-VAN metadata analysis performed by The Forensicator . Disobedient Media was the first outlet to report on the findings published by the Forensicator , which found that the NGP-VAN files published by the Guccifer 2.0 persona last summer were most likely locally copied in the East Coast of the U.S. , as opposed to hack . We have been very happy that some legacy media has begun to report on this important story , and that the Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) used the information provided by the Forensicator as the basis for their memorandum to President Trump . Outlets such as The Nation , Salon and Bloomberg have given the issue very fair coverage .
Some establishment press , including the Washington Post , New York Magazine and The Hill have provided very biased reports on the matter . Disobedient Media previously reported the attack on the part of New York Magazine against Patrick Lawrence of The Nation .
It has also emerged today that Julian Assange , founder of Wikileaks may settle the matter by revealing additional information which would prove the DNC was never hacked by Russia or any other entity . If this takes place , it would not only put an end to increasing U.S. tension with Russia , but would reveal the depth of corruption to which the DNC has sunk , not only as revealed in the content of the DNC emails , but in the prolonged efforts to hide the true origins of this information . To be very clear , the information received by Wikileaks is very likely not the same data that is examined in the Forensicator ‘ s analysis .
Adam Carter has also responded to dishonest legacy media coverage of this topic , with an article specifically refuting a number of points made by the New York Magazine . Carter wrote : “ Feldman saw fit to omit critical qualifiers that were actually in Lawrence 's article , so , while Feldman 's misrepresentation of the argument was bizarre , the original argument was not . ”
The Washington Post also published an article on the Forensicator ‘ s work , admonishing The Nation 's Patrick Lawrence for their report on the subject . In doing so , the Washington Post makes a number of false and misleading statements regarding The Nation 's report as well as claims made in the Forensicator 's analysis . The Washington Post article even goes so far as to insult The Nation for engaging in ‘ an intellectual free-for-all . ' That freedom of thought would be hurled as an insult by the outlet which broke the Watergate scandal , towards the oldest continuously published weekly magazine in America , is a severe indictment against the current state of legacy media integrity .
The Washington Post wrote of the Forensicator 's analysis : “ the piece relies to a significant degree on a finding that hackers working remotely could n't possibly have downloaded all the information that they allegedly secured and passed along to WikiLeaks . ” The Forensicator never made the statement that this was impossible , only very unlikely . Additionally , their analysis has nothing to do with files which were later published by Wikileaks . Discussion of the Guccifer 2.0 persona 's publication of the NGP-VAN files – which are the subject of the Forensicator 's analysis – are completely separate from any information received by Wikileaks in whatever fashion .
This focus purely on dismissing transfer speeds leaves out a whole host of technical details which provide a strong indication that the most likely explanation for the metadata from the NGP-VAN files is that the information was locally copied on the East Coast of the US , in the physical presence of a computer which had access to DNC data . The Forensicator never claimed to have proven that the information was leaked by an insider . Gross misrepresentations of the Forensicator ‘ s findings are the latest in a string of legacy media debacles which have unfolded during months of repetitious Russian hacking claims , including the infamous , falsified ‘ pissgate ‘ dossier .
The discussion at hand is not in regards to Wikileak 's source ; it is a discussion about whether the information published by Guccifer 2.0 was the result of a hack , as the Guccifer 2.0 persona claimed responsibility for hacking the DNC . At this point there is no publicly available evidence which would indicate the DNC was ever hacked , and authorities have still , to date , not examined the DNC servers . Despite this deeply concerning lack of evidence , Guccifer 2.0 is still referenced as having “ hacked ” the DNC .
The Forensicator , Disobedient Media , The Nation and others who have honestly reported on this issue have stated explicitly that the metadata in question was only relevant to the Guccifer 2.0 persona 's publication of the NGP-VAN files , and should be understood separately from data which made its way to Wikileaks for eventual publication as the DNC emails . When the Washington Post sarcastically portrays the analysis as having claimed that the DNC was never hacked , the Post 's statement is completely incorrect and mischaracterizes the report entirely . However , should Julian Assange reveal more evidence that the DNC was never hacked , then the argument that there is ‘ no proof ' would be utterly nullified .
The Washington Post cites an article published by New York Magazine which was extremely biased in its coverage of this topic , going so far as to stoop to character attacks while providing no substantial evidence to counter the Forensicator 's report . Disobedient Media has reported on New York Magazine ‘ s disgraceful attack on The Nation .
Worse , The Washington Post then attacks The Nation on the grounds that Breitbart had published a positive article regarding the story written by Lawrence . This is an framing device , where the Post implies that The Nation and the substance of its content is tainted by the reaction of separate outlets . In this way , the content of the report itself is disingenuously framed as ‘ tainted ' by the opinions of individuals or groups who had nothing to do with writing the article .
As Lawrence specifically pointed out in their article , Disobedient Media was the first outlet to report on this story . We are an independent entity , which focuses on being factual , and to the best of our ability we do not engage in politically biased reporting .
The Washington Post ‘ s report sank lower when it accused The Nation pejoratively of participating in an “ intellectual free-for-all. ” Such an accusation indicates that intellectual freedom is an insult , and explicitly appears to accuse The Nation of having committed a ‘ thought crime , ' in publishing a report which questioned the Crowdstrike 's statement that the DNC was hacked last summer by Russian Hackers .
The lack of journalistic integrity which emerges from The Washington Post 's coverage of this issue would not come as a surprise to most . The Washington Post has been dogged by allegations that it has a conflict of interest when reporting on deep state rhetoric . The Nation related that The Washington Post 's owner , Jeff Bezos , had received a $ 600 million contract from the CIA , saying of the large sum : “ That 's at least twice what Bezos paid for the Post this year . ”
Independent journalists including Caitlin Johnstone , H.A . Goodman and others have also been deeply critical of the Washington Post 's connection to the CIA . Johnstone wrote : “ WaPo continues to violate universal journalistic protocol by failing to disclose that its sole owner has received a 600 million dollar contract directly from the CIA , despite the fact that the CIA is mentioned by name no less than 19 times in the article itself… . ”
The fundamental issue at play in the reporting of this story by The Hill , The Washington Post and New York Magazine is that they have continued to disingenuously portray The Forensicator as having made absolute claims that were never stated in their analysis . These outlets also engage repeatedly in character attacks against those few who report on the subject honestly , such as The Nation ‘ s Patrick Lawrence .
This is an important ongoing story , and Disobedient Media will continue to provide coverage as it unfolds .
Share this : Tweet
Print
More
The New American Dream
Mark Whitehead became a Christian when they were nine years old , but they considered themselves more as a “ good churchgoer ” than a genuine Christian . They had worked in industrial sales for almost thirty years , been married for twenty years and been a father to two daughters in the Birmingham , Alabama .
Mark was living the American dream . Then , in February 2006 , they woke up .
Mark had been attending The Church at Brook Hills , where a young pastor named David Platt preached a sermon entitled “ The Ultimate Disconnect , ” which was based on Psalm 67:1-2 .
Those two verses are but a sentence long but the message “ shook us in our boots , ” said Mark . “ Have you disconnected God 's blessings from their purposes ? ” David asked the congregation .
Exiting the Bubble
The question reverberated in Mark and forced them to reevaluate their life 's priorities . They embarked on a series of trips to Mexico , Ukraine and South Sudan in the following couple years to discover how to reconnect their blessings with God 's purposes . They sensed that they were supposed to start a ministry but the details were vague .
Mark was in South Sudan in April 2008 when their mission took shape : to meet material and spiritual needs in the developing world . The vision became clearer – provide access to “ clean water to advance the gospel. ” And that 's how Neverthirst was birthed .
“ Everything 's done through the local church , ” said Mark . Neverthirst has facilitated around 2,000 projects that provided roughly 300,000 people in the Central African Republic , India , South Sudan and Cambodia .
Mark explained that local pastors apply for water projects with buy-in from the village . “ We help the community identify and meet their needs with their own resources , ” Mark said .
The projects commence once the village has raised a repair fund that equals around $ 220 ( US ) , which is put into a savings account designated for maintenance . This is how , Mark said , Neverthirst tries to “ break the dependency cycle that we exported many years ago . ”
Breaking this cycle that 's been set for years is n't easy though . “ It might be months until they get the funds raised , ” said Mark .
There 's a bit of a “ learning curve , ” for the villagers , who live in mostly agrarian settings . “ They have the means and ability , ” they said . “ Then once they realize they can do it , it 's like their eyes are opened to new possibilities . ”
In this way , Neverthirst serves as an intermediary between rural water departments , drilling companies , churches and businesses .
Neverthirst transforms communities
Iron Tribe Fitness ( ITF ) , a fitness franchise based in Birmingham , Alabama , has teamed up with Neverthirst . The quickly expanding franchise is just as mission-oriented about cultivating healthy and fit lifestyles as Neverthirst is about spreading the gospel through greater access to clean water .
Since its inception in 2009 , charity has been an integral ITF value , so the partnership between the business and the nonprofit was only natural . With six locations in Birmingham alone , ITF leveraged their outreach and influence on Neverthirst 's behalf through starting a fundraising event called WOD for Water .
WOD for Water across the ITF network has raised hundreds of thousands of dollars . Each independently-run ITF coordinates its own WOD for Water , but shares one website .
In September 2013 , ITF in Birmingham held their WOD for Water in Avondale Park to accommodate the almost 200 athletes who participated . These athletes squatted and lunged along the terraced , coliseum-esque park , hoisting kettlebells and yellow jerry cans ( filled with water , naturally ) — all in the rain . With a matching gift of $ 100,000 from a few Neverthirst partners , this WOD for Water raised $ 207,000 , which meant over eighty wells would be built in India .
ITF Nashville 's WOD for Water had athletes form teams ; the team that finished their WOD the fastest were the winners . This WOD for Water raised $ 20,000 , which went towards building eight wells in India .
ITF Knoxville held their WOD for Water even before they officially opened their doors . The registration fee of $ 40 gave athletes a t-shirt , other sweet swag , in addition a fitness experience that would make a greater impact . This Tribe raised almost $ 2,000 , which was still impressive , all things considered .
It was “ like watching the stockmarket ticker , ” said Mark of the WOD for Water website .
Having partners like ITF that are as zealous about philanthropy , who in turn advocate for Neverthirst to their tribe , made it possible to invite more people to join the mission . Also , Neverthirt 's cause gave already highly-motivated athletes the extra encouragement to complete the WOD for Water .
CauseVox is user-friendly
This year was the first time Neverthirst used CauseVox to power their WOD for Water campaign .
“ It 's been great , ” said Mark , who also described CauseVox as “ very user-friendly. ” They also commended the platform 's customer service .
One feature that CauseVox offers that a leading payment processing platform lacks ? Capturing new donor information .
Through WOD for Water events , Neverthirst was gaining more exposure , said Mark . From one event alone , there were a few hundred donors , but no way to engage them . Thanks to CauseVox , Neverthirst can now stay in touch with new donors who hopefully will become the nonprofit 's advocates .
“ $ 200,000 was a big goal , ” said Mark of the past year 's fundraising goal . “ Next year , maybe half a million. ” They admitted it 's a lofty goal but with a growing base of support , it 's not an impossible goal . And with those funds , Neverthirst would be able to supply over 160 villages in India alone with clean water .
Since its inception in 2008 , Neverthirst has grown every year , and as a result , is always raising funds , said Mark . As Neverthirst takes on more projects , the challenge has been to match their budget accordingly .
Lessons Learned
Over the years , Neverthirst has tested a few ideas , running programs , such as “ Sponsor a Woman , ” which sought to empower the women , and “ Adopt a Village , ” which sought to connect churches with communities . These concepts were great in theory but yielded good but limited results .
This kind of experimentation was still helpful ; Neverthirst learned how to streamline their mission to allocate their resources better . Neverthirst 's role is clearer now : to support local churches in bringing clean water and the gospel . Mark referred to the staff as “ encouragers along the journey . ”
In many parts of India which Mark described as being “ hostile to the gospel , ” a pastor who was the village outcast is now known as “ uncle , ” a term of endearment , thanks to Neverthirst 's partnership . Neverthirst comes alongside these pastors to demonstrate that this gospel meets both spiritual and physical needs .
“ Pastors are lifted up , ” said Mark . “ The church is encouraged . ”
Mark gave up a “ great job and great living ” to lead Neverthirst on a full-time basis .
“ It was scary , ” they said , as they make half of what they did from their almost thirty years in sales . “ But , ” they concluded , the privilege of reconnecting God 's blessings to their purposes has been worth it and “ so rewarding . ”
