9 . ­ Vegetarian Delight | 2 p.m .
Greeks love their meat , so vegetarians often make do with salads , spinach pies and eggplant dip . The Greek-Iranian couple who opened Avocado near Syntagma Square created an eclectic menu of Greek , Asian and macrobiotic dishes and a juice bar . Try the black-eyed pea patties with Florina sweet peppers ( 7 euros ) and the Brama Briam panini ( 7.50 euros ) , with roasted eggplant , red peppers and cheese from Metsovo . If you need a quick energy boost , get a Go Green ( a smoothie made from spinach , parsley , apple , lemon and ginger , 4.90 euros ) . This is one of the few restaurants where the smoking ban is enforced .
10 . ­ Live Your Myth | 4 p.m .
In pre-crisis days , Athenians often power-shopped for Gucci and Fendi in the old-money neighborhood of Kolonaki . Now there 's been a revival in clothes and accessories designed by Greeks . Koukoutsi features elegant T-shirts , bags , diaries and postcards . T-shirts cost around 25 euros . If you have more to spend , go to Zeus & Dione , which showcases upscale Greek jewelry artists like Ileana Makri , Liana Vourakis and Lito and also features beautifully fluid , Greek-inspired dresses like the Medea ( 750 euros ) . In Plaka , the neighborhood near the Acropolis , try souvenir-shopping at Forget Me Not , which sells Greek-made finds like Rainy July 's swimming-cap handbags ( 40 to 50 euros ) and clothes inspired by ancient Greek iconography by the young fashion designer Nikoletta Ververidou .
11 . ­ River Gods and Olympians | 6 p.m .
According to legend , the river god Ilissos worshiped in a sanctuary on Ardittos hill next to what is now the Panathenaic Stadium in Mets , a neighborhood in eastern Athens . The architect Anastasios Metaxas refurbished the ancient Olympic stadium in the late 19th century to host the Olympics in 1896 . The Panathenaic Stadium , which the Greeks call Kallimarmaro ( “ beautiful marble ” ) , is the finishing point for the Athens Classic Marathon held each fall . The stadium is a short walk from the National Gardens ; take a stroll along the winding , landscaped paths and stop at the Aigli Cafe for a Greek-style tiramisù .
12 . ­ Meze and Degustation | 9 p.m .
Greeks have become judicious about eating out , and there 's been an explosion of affordable tapas places , like Mavro Provato . Try the Myrto , a salad with roasted manouri cheese , nuts , oranges and blackberry dressing ( 6.90 euros ) ; the sarikopita , a soft-cheese pie finished with honey and toasted sesame ; and the Mavro Provato lamb slow-cooked in parchment with new potatoes and herbs ( 12 euros ) . A more expensive option is the Funky Gourmet in Keramikos , a creative spin on Greek food that deserves its two Michelin stars . The degustation menus are 100 to 195 euros per wine pairing , but you can sample delights such as Greek bottarga with white chocolate , snails , lamb chops and a smoked ice cream sandwich .
Sunday
13 . ­ Brunch and Beach | 10 a.m .
Several new brunch places are catering to a long-ignored concept in Greece : breakfast food . The Nice N ' Easy cafe , known for its organic fare , serves huevos rancheros , pancakes and Bloody Marys ( 15 to 25 euros ) . The New Taste cafe , housed in the New Hotel near Syntagma Square , serves eggs Benedict and quiche ( 10 to 20 euros ) . After brunch , head out to Vouliagmeni Lake , set inside a jagged boulder and known locally as a natural spa . The lake , which stays warm year-round , is just south of the seaside suburb of the same name ; entry : 8 euros . If you want to prance around in a designer swimsuit , go to Astir Beach , the fanciest spot along the so-called Athens Riviera . There 's a 25-euro fee for summer weekends , but it drops to 18 euros in the fall .
As night closes in across Kentucky a small chubby spider makes a silk line between two plants . They then moves along their “ trapeze wire ” and waits . After a while a moth approaches within range , and the spider unleashes a swinging sticky ball , ensnaring the moth and pulling them in to be eaten . The attacker is a bolas spider , and they hunt by releasing an odour that precisely matches the chemical composition of female moth mating pheromones . The male moth is lured in , but instead of getting a mate , they get eaten .
Bolas spiders are just one of a plethora of animals and plants which are highly skilled at thriving through trickery and deception . Charles Darwin and their contemporary Alfred Wallace both appreciated the functions of deception in their theory of evolution . However , modern science has started to uncover just how devious many species can be .
One of the main uses of deception in nature is to secure food . The fork-tailed drongo is a bird found in Southern Africa that lurks around group-living species , including meerkats , and might at first appear helpful because it sounds alarm calls when a predator approaches . However , much of the time the drongo 's calls are made when no predator is around . The drongo watches as a meerkat digs up a juicy beetle and then makes a false alarm call , which causes the meerkat to flee , allowing the bird to swoop down and claim the prey for itself . The alarm calls drongos use even mimic those made by the animals they exploit .
Thieves and rogues
But stealing food seems benign compared to the deception of predators , which use mimicry and enticement to lure victims directly into the jaws of death . Many web-building spiders use bright colours to attract prey , and carnivorous plants also use overt signals and mimicry to attract victims . The Venus flytrap produces smells that mimic food , luring in flies , and some pitcher plants have been shown to use attractive fluorescent glowing blue colours . These colourful signals work by exploiting “ preferences ” that many animals have in their sensory systems to be drawn to conspicuous stimuli .
The second use of deception is in survival , with the most common method being camouflage . This can involve matching the general colour and pattern of the environment , or can be much more specialist . On their eight-year voyage around the Malay archipelago , Wallace encountered the butterfly Kallima in Sumatra and was astounded at how closely its wings matched the colour , shape , and structure of dead leaves . Many specimens even had markings mimicking patches of mould .
Martin Stevens , Author provided
Resembling other objects for protection is common in nature .
Martin Stevens
Some excellent early evidence for evolution and natural selection was provided by Henry Bates , an entomologist who travelled to the Amazon with Wallace . Bates noted that many edible butterflies mimicked the colour and behaviour of toxic species , and were avoided by attackers . Another striking example is jumping spiders , some of which mimic the appearance of ants , which predators often avoid owing to their strong defences .
Survival instinct
Organisms also cheat for reproductive reasons . Orchids have an astounding range of approaches which they use to get insects to pollinate their flowers , while offering no reward . One method is to lure male insects with smells and colours resembling a potential mate , like bee orchids that attract male bees . Other species create the false promise of food . One flower from Hainan Island , China , mimics the alarm pheromones and appearance of bees , thus attracting a ferocious predatory hornet .
And once mating has been achieved there are young to be cared for . The common cuckoo , a notorious cheat , lays its eggs in the nests of other species , so the foster parents rear the cuckoo chick instead . The cuckoo often even lays eggs that mimic the colour and pattern of those of their host , so the host ca n't tell the difference .
Insects can be equally devious , seen in the behaviour of cuckoo bees , and the audacious slave-maker ants . The workers of these remarkable animals often have one function alone – to raid the nests of other ant species and steal the brood . The captured ants then integrate with the host colony , dutifully carrying out all the main tasks of the nest , from cleaning and rearing young to defence .
The struggle to survive and reproduce is intense for all organisms , and we should not be surprised that cheats are everywhere . What 's remarkable is the extent to which animals and plants exploit one another and the level of sophistication involved . Nature is a brutal place , so it 's a good idea to cheat and deceive if you want to be successful .
Maine lobsters . Fresh drawn butter . More Maine lobsters . More butter . That 's the drill at the annual Claws for a Cause Lobster Block Party , returning to C.B . Hannegan 's Sept. 9 . The all-you-can-eat lobster party will celebrate its 13th year raising money for local art , music and literacy programs .
It 's co-sponsored by the Los Gatos Morning Rotary Club and C.B . Hannegan 's .
“ We 're really happy to be able to team up again with our friends from C.B . Hannegan 's , ” co-chairperson Dan Lawson said . “ What 's really enjoyable is seeing a sea of people having a wonderful time . The food is terrific , the music is great and the cause is worthwhile . ”
Morning Rotary expects to order 3,000 live lobsters that will be delivered the day of the party . The club hopes to sell 1,000 to 1,100 tickets and is once again expecting a sellout .
Tickets are $ 95 at lglobsterparty.com .
“ A little known option is if you buy 10 tickets we can reserve a table for you . That way your entire group can sit together , ” Lawson said . “ There is an additional charge of $ 10 per ticket , but it 's worth it for the convenience . ”
In addition to lobster , tri-tip , salad and garlic bread are on the menu .
But it 's the lobsters that are the real draw .
“ They 're delivered packed in ice , and we cook them fresh on site , ” Lawson said . “ Our cooks have this down to an exact science . They 're constantly monitoring the water temperatures and timers , so they 're cooked to perfection . ”
A portion of Bachman Avenue will be closed during the event , which spreads into adjacent parking areas in and around Hannegan 's .
“ The Boy Scouts , Sea Scouts , Los Gatos High School Music Boosters and volunteers from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints all help us put on the party , from setup to serving and cleanup to breakdown , ” Lawson said . “ We have about 100 volunteers altogether , plus C.B . Hannegan 's staff does a phenomenal job providing all the other food that 's served . ”
The meal can get a bit messy once all the crackin ' starts , so bibs are provided as well .
Lobster and fixings are available from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m . The popular group the Hitmen are set to perform from 6:30 to 10 p.m .
Claws for a Cause is one of Morning Rotary 's biggest annual fundraisers ; they expect to raise about $ 35,000 this year .
“ The funds we raise go into our club 's foundation and are distributed to local programs , ” Lawson . “ Morning Rotary 's mission is to support the arts and music in Los Gatos . We also fund the Lighting for Literacy program that ties in with Rotary International 's global efforts to help humanity . ”
Lighting for Literacy was co-founded by Morning Rotary member Doug McNeil . Local youths build sustainable , renewable lighting systems that can provide three to four hours of light to homes that do n't have electricity . Its aim is to help underserved children study at night .
Lawson says the program is an example of how Rotarians , and service clubs in general , help improve people 's lives .
“ When I joined Morning Rotary , I was looking for a way to make a difference , ” they said . “ What I found was a group of professionals I could reach out to for services and friends I could connect with . People interested in joining a group should investigate Rotary . ”
Morning Rotary meets Wednesday mornings at 7:30 a.m. at the Los Gatos Lodge .
Visit lgmorningrotary.club for more information .
Researchers find software repository GitHub approved code written by women at a higher rate than code written by men , but only if the gender was not disclosed
Women considered better coders – but only if they hide their gender
When a group of computer science students decided to study the way that gender bias plays out in software development communities , they assumed that coders would be prejudiced against code written by women .
After all , women make up a very small percentage of software developers – 11.2 % according to one 2013 survey – and the presence of sexism in all corners of the overwhelmingly male tech industry has been well documented .
So the student researchers were surprised when their hypothesis proved false – code written by women was in fact more likely to be approved by their peers than code written by men . But that was n't the end of the story : this only proved true as long as their peers did n't realise the code had been written by a woman .
“ Our results suggest that although women on GitHub may be more competent overall , bias against them exists nonetheless , ” the study 's authors write .
The researchers , who published their findings earlier this week looked at the behavior of software developers on GitHub , one of the largest open-source software communities in the world .
Researchers found that code written by women was approved at a higher rate ( 78.6 % ) than code written by men ( 74.6 % )
Based in San Francisco , GitHub is a giant repository of code used by over 12 million people . Software developers on GitHub can collaborate on projects , scrutinise each other 's work , and suggest improvements or solutions to problems . When a developer writes code for someone else 's project , it 's called a “ pull request ” . The owner of the code can then decide whether or not to accept to proffered code .
The researchers looked at approximately 3m pull requests submitted on GitHub , and found that code written by women was approved at a higher rate ( 78.6 % ) than code written by men ( 74.6 % ) .
Looking for an explanation for this disparity , the researchers examined several different factors , such as whether women were making smaller changes to code ( they were not ) or whether women were outperforming men in only certain kinds of code ( they were not ) .
“ Women 's acceptance rates dominate over men 's for every programming language in the top 10 , to various degrees , ” the researchers found .
The researchers then queried whether women were benefiting from reverse bias – the desire of developers to promote the work of women in a field where they are such a small minority . To answer this , the authors differentiated between women whose profiles made it clear that they were female , and women developers whose profiles were gender neutral .
It was here that they made the disturbing discovery : women 's work was more likely to be accepted than men 's , unless “ their gender is identifiable ” , in which case the acceptance rate was worse than men 's .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A woman uses computer in lounge area of Chaos Communication Congress ( 25C3 ) in Berlin .
Photograph : Thomas Peter/Reuters
Interviews with a number of female developers who use GitHub revealed a complicated picture of navigating gender bias in the world of open-source code .
Lorna Jane Mitchell , a software developer whose work is almost entirely based on GitHub , said that it was impossible to tell whether a pull request was ignored out of bias , or just because a project owner was busy or knew another developer personally .
Them profile on GitHub clearly identifies them as female , something they wo n't be changing based on the results of this study .
“ I have considered how wise it is to have a gender-obvious profile and to me , being identifiably female is really important , ” Mitchell said by email . “ I want people to realise that the minorities do exist . And for the minorities themselves : to be able to see that they are n't the only ones ... it can certainly feel that way some days . ”
Another developer , Isabel Drost-Fromm , whose profile picture on GitHub is a female cartoon character , said that she 's never experienced bias while working GitHub , but that they normally use the site to work on projects with a team that already knows them and their work .
Jenny Bryan , a professor of statistics at the University of British Columbia , uses GitHub as a teacher and developer in R , a programming language . Them profile makes clear that they are a woman , and they do n't believe that she 's been discriminated against due to them gender .
“ At the very most , men who do n't know me sometimes explain things to me that I likely understand better than they do , ” they write . “ The men I interact with in the R community on GitHub know me and , if my genderhas any effect at all , I feel they go out of their way to support my efforts to learn and make more contributions . ”
Bryan was more concerned with the paucity of women using GitHub than they were with the study 's results . “ Where are the women ? ” they ask . One possibility they raise is the very openness of the open source community .
“ In open source , no one is getting paid to manage the community , ” they write . “ Thus often no one is thinking about how well the community is ( or is not ) functioning . ”
That 's a pressing question for GitHub itself , which has faced serious charges of internal sexism which led to the resignation of co-founder and CEO Tom Preston-Werner in 2014 . GitHub did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the study .
In 2013 , GitHub installed a rug in its headquarters that read , “ United Meritocracy of GitHub. ” The rug was removed in 2014 after criticism from feminist commentators that , although meritocracy is a virtue that it is hard to disagree with in principle , it does n't do much for diversity in the workplace . CEO Chris Wanstrath tweeting , “ We thought ‘ meritocracy ' was a neat way to think of open source but now we see the problems with it . Words matter . We 're getting a new rug . ”
As the researchers of the pull request study wrote , “ The frequent refrain that open source is a pure meritocracy must be reexamined . ”
Joka viidettä naispoliisia on ahdisteltu seksuaalisesti . Nyt sisäministeriö yrittää saada lähentelevät miespoliisit kuriin . Ministeri Anne Holmlundin ( kok ) mukaan työpaikoilla on syytä korostaa nollatoleranssia ja sen valvominen on esimiesten tehtävä .
Poliisi on suomalaisten silmissä rehti , reilu ja luotettava . Hän ei hötkyile eikä hätäile , mieluummin selvittää tiukat tilanteet puheella kuin pampulla . Kansalainen ei pelkää kadulla partioivaa konstaapeli reinikaista .
Mutta poliisilaitoksen uumenissa moni miespoliisi paljastaa toisen luontonsa .
Poliisiammattikorkeakoulun ja työterveyslaitoksen tutkimuksen mukaan joka viidettä naispoliisia on ahdisteltu seksuaalisesti työyhteisössä . Yksisuuntainen ja epämiellyttävä ahdistelu on sopimattomia eleitä , lähentelyä , seksin ehdottelua , säädyttömiä soittoja .
Pian julkaistava tutkimus paljastaa lisäksi , että reilu kolmannes naisista joutuu sietämään työtoverien rivoja , kaksimielisiä vitsejä .
Ero muihin työpaikkoihin on suuri . Työ ja terveys 2006 -julkaisun mukaan kolme prosenttia naisista on kohdannut töissä seksuaalista ahdistelua . Jos häirintä olisi kaikissa työpaikoissa yhtä yleistä kuin poliisissa , ahdistelua joutuisi sietämään lähes 300 000 naista .
Poliisilla on vaiettu puoli .
Lisää naisia – ja ahdistelua
Poliisin rivissä , miehistössä ja päällystössä , palvelee noin 800 naista . Poliisissa työskentelee kaikkiaan 2 800 naista , suurin ryhmä ovat toimistotyöntekijät . Myös they joutuvat sietämään sukupuolista häirintää mutta vähän vähemmän kuin naispoliisit .
Joka seitsemäs virkavallan edustaja on nainen , heidän määränsä on kasvanut viidellä prosentilla vuosikymmenessä . Samassa ajassa naispoliisien kokema seksuaalinen ahdistelu on noussut 15 : sta 21 prosenttiin .
Kehitys kummastuttaa – ja huolestuttaa – poliisiministeriötä .
” Sukupuolisen häirinnän kasvu on havahduttanut meidät . Kuvittelimme , että ahdistelu vähenee , kun naisten osuus vahvistuu poliisissa ” , sanoo hallitusneuvos Tiina Eränkö sisäministeriön poliisiosastolta .
Sukupuolinen häirintä on henkilökohtainen kokemus ja vaikeasti määriteltävä . Se minkä joku kokee lähentelyksi , on toiselle flirttiä .
Osa naispoliiseista kiistääkin koko ilmiön . They haluavat olla hyviä jätkiä , yhtä ronskeja elekieleltään ja vitseiltään kuin miehet . Mutta tässä poliisitutkimuksessa onkin selvitetty yksipuoliseksi koettua häirintää . Yhä laajempi joukko naispoliiseja tunnistaa ja tunnustaa ongelman , mikä näkyy kyselytutkimuksessa .
Tasa-arvoasiain neuvottelukunnan pääsihteeri Hannele Varsa pitää korkeita lukuja hälyttävinä . Sukupuolista häirintää tutkinut Varsa varoittaa tulkinnasta , että ahdistelun kasvu poliisissa kuvaisi vain uhrin asenteiden muutosta .
” Moni haluaa unohtaa häpeällisen , epämiellyttävän kokemuksen . Siksi kyselyt kertovat minimin , eivät koko totuutta . ”
Rankka työ , rankat vitsit
Mikä sitten saa nuo ulospäin kohteliaat konstaapelit ja komisariot käyttäytymään talon sisällä sopimattomasti ?
Poliisikulttuuria tutkinut Timo Korander on luokitellut poliisit avuliaiksi reinikaisiksi , intoileviksi virtahanskoiksi , kyynisiksi lyijytaskuiksi ja uratietoisiksi professionaaleiksi . Kaikkien ammattislangiin kuuluu karkea miehinen kielenkäyttö .
” Asenne on se , että rankkaan työhön kuuluu rankka kielenkäyttö ” , poliisiammattikorkeakoulun yliopettaja Korander kertoo .
Tutkimus vahvistaa työn raadollisuuden . Lähes puolet naispoliiseista ja kolmannes miespoliiseista on joutunut kuulemaan asiakkaan suusta rivoa puhetta .
Mutta työtoverien ahdistelu ei kumpua vain arjen kovuudesta .
” Miespoliisien mielestä nainen kelpaa poliisissa sängynlämmittäjäksi ja kahvinkeittäjäksi ” , eräs häirinnän uhri kärjistää .
Lue koko juttu SK : sta 17/2007 .
Ministeri Holmlund naispoliisien häirinnästä : Esimiesten tulee valvoa nollatoleranssia
Juttu julkaistu 26.4.2007 , juttua muokattu 10.2016 klo 14.57 : jutun kirjoittajan nimi vaihdettu oikeaksi .
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Their legions of fans would argue that they are the greatest thing since sliced bread , but in fact , Sir Bruce Forsyth has been around longer than the daily staple , which first graced our breakfast tables on July 7 , 1928 .
And here are four more things that Bruce Forsyth is older than :
Penicillin , by 7 months
Alexander Fleming discovered the world 's first antibiotic on 28 September 1928 , seven months after Bruce was born . The veteran TV presenter has enjoyed a famously fit and active lifestyle throughout their 86 years . However , they missed several episodes of 'Strictly ' due to illness before leaving the show last month , admitting that the pressure of live TV was getting to him .
The World Cup by 2 years
Bruce was a toddler when the inaugural World Cup Match took place in Uruguay on 13 July , 1930 . While they are a loyal Spurs fan , their fancy footwork has been put to better use on the stage than on the pitch .
BBC television by 8 years
The station that would make Bruce a household name did not exist until eight years after their birth . November 2 1936 marked the official launch of BBC television , while Bruce first appeared on the station in 1971 as host of The Generation Game . It was an instant hit , becoming the number one game show on British television throughout the 70s , but Bruce could never quite compete with the cuddly toy for popularity .
Nylon stockings by 11 years
Bruce was 11 years old when chemical company DuPont presented the first pair of nylon stockings in 1939 at the New York World 's Fair . Demand quickly flourished with more than four million pairs reportedly sold in one day – roughly the same amount Strictly dancers go through in a series .
poll loading Which is the best creation of the 1920s ? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Bruce Forsyth Sliced bread Penicillin
By Ailbhe Jordan
Borg Like Him : R.U . Sirius interviews Gareth Branwyn
Gareth Branwyn 's latest book , Borg Like Me , takes a slightly unusual route to tell us the story of their Cyborgification , a process that started , of necessity , when they were very young . By combining memoir-style segments with articles published in various periodicals ranging from my own MONDO 2000 through Wired , Boing Boing and Make , the book both reflects back on various periods in counterculture/technoculture and reflects them directly via writings that appeared at the time . The result is surprisingly coherent . It 's also a serious read that touches on some dark and difficult days . Gareth loses control over their body and they lose their wife , first to the touring life of a rock musician and then to suicide . Through it all , their spirit of romanticism , experimentation , curiosity and hackers/tinkerers ' ethics persevere . While the articles included stretch well into the present era , Borg Like Me revolves around the “ cyberculture ” of the 1990s , a period of great “ irrational exuberance ” about a coming mind-expansive , generous and hackerly culture . Some of this culture we see around us today in the form of hackerspaces , maker meet ups and the radicalism of projects like Wikileaks and Anonymous . Other aspects of it — the sense of exuberant joy , the confidence , the playfulness , and , yes — even some of the silliness that comes along with all that — seems to be lacking .
In this short conversation , we talk about their book and reflect back on the ‘ 90s and forward towards the ever more present future . RU Sirius : For you , becoming a borg was a necessity , but in some ways you 've turned it into an area of exploration . For those who do n't know , say a little about how you ended up cyborged and what it did to you and for you .
Gareth Branwyn : Well , I like to tell people that I 'm part man , part machine , and part mouse . I have an artificial hip , a rebuilt heart , and I self-inject a “ biological ” each week ( for a severe form of spinal arthritis ) that 's made out of tweaked mice proteins . I 've had this form of arthritis since I was kid , so I 've been heavily ( pharmaco ) tech-mediated most of my life . I am literally animated by science ! Without the drugs I take and procedures I 've had , I 'd be bedridden , or more likely by now , dead . I may be literally post-human . As I say in the promo to my book , I 've become “ increasingly cyborged in my attempts to remain human. ” But I think we 're all borged at this point , heavily tech-mediated and net-leaky .
RU : As I see it , the so-called cyberculture of the 1990s is at the center of your book . What has lasted from that scene ? What has not lasted that should have ? What are we happy to be rid of ? And what has lasted that we should maybe get rid of ?
GB : Yes , ‘ 90s cyberculture plays a huge role in my book because it played such a huge role in my life . It was really that period in which I came into my own and put myself on the map ( um… to the extent that I 'm on the map ) .
I was on a panel at this year 's SXSW , with Bruce Sterling , Cory Doctorow , and Chris Brown . The topic was basically “ Whatever happened to cyberpunk ? ” I argued that many of those involved in ‘ 90s cyberculture became the architects of maker culture . Once hackers got into physical computing and not just programming and networks , they had physical “ hacks ” they wanted to show off . This required getting together in person . And they needed/wanted expensive tools they could n't individually afford . This led to the growth of hardware meet ups , Maker Faires , and hackerspaces . And , of course , MAKE magazine ( which Mark Frauenfelder and I were heavily involved with – even David Pescovitz , Cory Doctorow , Sterling , Richard Kadrey , Kevin Kelly , and others have contributed to MAKE ) . I also think that the whole cyberpunk aesthetic of hyper-mentality and the denigration of the body ( “ the meat ” ) eventually needed a corrective ; cyberpunks wanted to get physical again , get their hands dirty .
The thing I think we lost is that original revolutionary fervor , that sense that we were changing the world . The maker movement came along and had that too , but I think it 's in the process of losing it ; getting watered down , going commercial ( in a way that loses sight of the original meaning ) . In the last chapter of my 1997 book , Jamming the Media , I talked about this as being an inevitable process . Anything different , radical , an affront to the status quo , is going to eventually become mainstreamed , commodified . But in Jamming , I argued that , in a networked age ( at least on a so-far free and non-pay-to-play net ) , you can route around things once they become normalized , watered down . I quoted Leary 's “ If you do n't like the song they 're playing you can pick up and move it to a different groove ” ) . Good things , things that threaten the status quo do n't last . And probably should n't . So , for instance , it was inevitable that a crazed cultural , publishing experiment like Mondo would die . But the thing is that it was never really replaced with anything equally creative , crazed , and subversive . I love that quote that someone once said about Mondo 2000 : “ You picked up a copy of Mondo and it went aflame in your hands. ” When 's the last time a magazine or website or other media exploded on contact ?
RU : Did you feel aligned with the sort of hyper-utopian “ we 're gon na mutate everything ” exuberance of early ‘ 90s cyberculture as advocated by Mondo 2000 ( in its earlier years ) and Timothy Leary and so on ? I know you point out how much we did succeed in impacting the future , but then… things still suck , maybe more than ever . How do you navigate the clear successes with the broader disillusion ( if you do feel any disillusion ) ?
GB : I do n't really think of myself as an optimist so much as a capital-R romantic . To me , being a romantic is n't necessarily believing in the inherent goodness of people or the inevitability of some utopian future , it 's in the veneration of and dedication to such ideals regardless . I ONLY want to live in a world where people are creative , intelligent , kind , and dedicated to enriching culture , and where technology is used in the service of making the world a better place ( and figuring out how to sustain the planet and how to get us off this rock so that we can swarm when the time comes ) . So , I 've tried , in my own small way to dedicate myself to such things . I do n't spend a lot of time thinking about the ultimate practicality of such a worldview . It 's just the mindset that inspires me . It 's like , with the rather utopian visions of the maker movement – the idea of creating a world where “ everyone ” is a bit of a designer , engineer , artist , and hacker who can identify problems in their lives and create solutions for them . That 's a very lovely idea . I think it 's not likely to actually happen , but striving for it has certainly introduced way more people to the idea and amazing things are coming out of it . As I talk about in Borg Like Me , I came of age in a utopian community . We wanted to build a new , “ ideal ” society . People used to visit and turn their noses up at that and say : “ That 's naïve , there 's no such thing as an ideal society. ” And I would say : “ Maybe . But by shooting for that ideal , we 've made things a hell of a lot better for ourselves , in ways we would n't have had we not reached for it. ” I think so-called cyberculture and the maker movement are , at least incremental , improvements .
RU : Continuing on the “ We 're gon na mutate everything ” theme — I think the Maker scene is an awesome cool expression of DIY , but I also see it as a sort of step back from the more revolutionary expectations some of us had for cyberculture , cyberpunk and so on . It sort of reminds me of when the psychedelic revolution and the new left revolution were storming the gates of power in the ‘ 60s and then a lot of people decided we ca n't really change everything , so let 's go off and be as autonomous as we can in small communities or among our friends and so on . Any thoughts on this ?
GB : One of my current projects is being a Research Fellow at George Mason University . Right after I left MAKE as its Editorial Director , I got a grant to study the wider , long-term implications of the maker movement . What I settled in on was the idea of surveying all of the DIY movements of the 20th century , from Arts and Crafts , to post-WWII GI DIY , to Whole Earth/homesteading , to punk DIY , to the maker movement . I 'm looking at how these movements emerged , what they hoped to accomplish , what impact they actually had , and what happened to them . And , if there 's any way , in a networked age ( where the net routes around damage ) , to circumvent the inevitable processes of toothless commodification and dissolution . My suspicion , in that last chapter of Jamming the Media , was that there 's little you can do to thwart this process , short of picking up that needle and finding a new groove . I still have the same suspicion . And the sad part is , I do n't see a lot of that creative cultural DJing going on . It 's a lot of the same fucking song . But I 've heard from a lot of people who 've read my book that they found it very exciting to get a hit of that exuberance in early 90s net culture . May it inspire a thousand new and wildly different tunes . That would make me very happy .
Is the world ready for Kim Kardashian to enter politics ?
No , but we have five years to prepare ourselves should the reality TV star go through with their plans to run for mayor of Glendale , Calif .
In an unaired clip from the second season of `` Khloe & Lamar , '' Kim reveals their political aspirations to their sister Khloe while they are driving around Dallas and pass the Ross Perot Museum .
`` I decided I 'm going to run for the mayor of Glendale , '' Kim said , adding that a friend is going to head their campaign . `` It 's going to be in , like , five years . So I have to buy a house . Noelle and I are looking into all the requirements . ''
Why Glendale , you may ask ? `` Because it 's , like , Armenian town , '' they explained .
The Kardashian family is of Armenian descent and Kim has done their homework ; Glendale is , in fact , home to one of the largest Armenian communities outside of Armenia .
We doubt Kim has any real plans to run for office in 2017 , but considering that former `` Real World : Boston '' cast member Sean Duffy is now the U.S. representative for Wisconsin 's 7th Congressional District , actor Clint Eastwood was the mayor of Carmel-by-the-Sea , Calif. , from 1986 to 1988 , and Arnold Schwarzenegger was governor of California from 2003 to 2011 , they just might get elected if they ran .
Ready to fight back ? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter . The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back ! Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week . You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation 's journalism . You can read our Privacy Policy here . Sign up for Take Action Now and we 'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up . For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits . Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today . Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
A web surfer in silhouette . ( AP Photo ) Ad Policy
What brings the most seriously libertarian Republican in the US House , Michigan 's Justin Amash , together with Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chair Keith Ellison , D-Minnesota ?
What unites long-time Ronald Reagan aide Dana Rohrabacher , R-California , with liberal firebrand Alan Grayson , D-Florida ?
What gets steadily conservative former House Judiciary Committee chair James Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , together with progressive former House Judiciary Committee chair John Conyers Jr. , D-Michigan ?
The Fourth Amendment to the Constitution , which has for 222 years promised that “ the right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no Warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by Oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized . ”
That 's an old commitment that members of Congress swear an oath to uphold .
But members of the House on the right and the left have concluded—correctly—that it applies to the most modern of technologies .
Amash and Ellison , Rohrabacher and Grayson , Sensenbrenner and Conyers were among the 127 members of the House ( ninety-eight Democrats and twenty-nine Republicans ) who last week voted against the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act .
Described by the Electronic Frontier Foundation as “ Digital Big Brother , ” CISPA is a sweeping proposal to bypass existing privacy law to enable corporations to spy on personal communications and to pass sensitive user data to the government .
“ CISPA is a poorly drafted bill that would provide a gaping exception to bedrock privacy law , ” says EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kurt Opsahl . “ While we all agree that our nation needs to address pressing Internet security issues , this bill sacrifices online privacy while failing to take common-sense steps to improve security . ”
It is this disregard for the Fourth Amendment that united Democrats and Republicans , progressives and libertarians in opposition to the measure . In the face of a 38-1 lobbying advantage for corporate proponents of the legislation ( who spent have spent more than $ 600 milion over the past two years to influence Congress ) , key members of the House on both sides of the aisle rejected the spin and focused on the objections raised by civil libertarians and grassroots privacy activists .
Conyers summed up the common-sense concerns :
In its current form , CISPA would allow the federal government to potentially have access to a private citizen 's email , medical records , and other personal information . Unfortunately , the House did not approve amendments to require companies to use reasonable efforts to remove unrelated private information from what they turn over to the government . In addition , CISPA contains provisions that limit private companies from liability . If a company makes a poor cybersecurity decision based on information it obtains that harms public , the company would not be held responsible for their actions . Our nation faces very real cyber threats , but this bill is not the right way to address them .
CISPA actually won 288 “ yes ” votes in the House , but the 127 “ no ” votes—coming from principled members on both sides of the aisle—sent a strong message to the more deliberative Senate . In combination with a grassroots campaign spearheaded by tech-savvy privacy activists and a threatened veto by President Obama , the bipartisan House opposition appears to have convinced Senate leaders have signaled that they plan to put the legislation on hold . The American Civil Liberties Union on Thursday suggestion that CISPA looks to be “ dead for now . ”
Groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation , the ACLU and Free Press will remain vigilant in opposition to proposals that the latter warns “ would obliterate our privacy laws and chill free expression online. ” They recognize that the fight to block CISPA is a multi-year struggle that is likely to take many forms .
But we should all recognize the importance of what has been accomplished .
It is often said that Washington does n't work , that partisans can not work together . Yet , a left-right coalition in support of an old ideal and a new urgency with regard to online privacy is mounting an inspired , and effective , defense of the Bill of Rights .
What does public shaming mean in the Web 2.0 era ? Read Cole Stryker 's take .
April 21 , 2017 , 7:31 PM GMT / Updated April 21 , 2017 , 7:31 PM GMT By Dan Allen
In the beginning , they drew them simply for their own pleasure . But in the nearly eight decades since Tom of Finland began creating them as a young man , their boldly erotic and hyper-masculine illustrations have grown evermore popular , and proven astoundingly enduring .
Long iconic and even formative for American gay society , Tom 's well-endowed and sexually charged imagery is now hitting the global mainstream , and it 's resonating with new and surprising audiences — like women , transgender men and even art connoisseurs in China — along the way , even as it finally turns the artist themselves into a household name in their native Finland .
`` Tom of Finland '' press conference during 66th Berlinale International Film Festival on February 14 , 2016 in Berlin , Germany . Andreas Rentz / WireImage for Helsinki Filmi
In New York this Sunday ( April 23 ) , a new Finnish-made and eponymously-titled Tom of Finland biopic will make its much-anticipated debut at the Tribeca Film Festival . The movie , directed by Dome Karukoski and starring Pekka Strang as Tom , traces the artist 's life from young adulthood as Touko Laaksonen to their underground success as an expat erotic artist in America . Squarely geared toward mainstream audiences , the film has already been a major hit in Finland since its release there in February .
`` I 've been working on embedding Tom into the Finnish culture for 25 years , since they passed away , '' said Durk Dehner , president and co-founder of the Tom of Finland Foundation , and themselves one of Tom 's most frequent models . `` It was their last wish that I would do whatever I could to let them be known and appreciated in their own country , because they were already being appreciated elsewhere . ''
That native appreciation has grown immeasurably in recent years , turning Tom into something of a national hero in Finland . Long fairly unknown in their homeland — owing largely to the fact that , as revealed in the film , they kept themselves out of the Finnish spotlight out of respect for their sister 's wishes — he 's now even being included as a key figure in the country 's 100th birthday celebrations this year .
`` Tom certainly has been in the headlines for quite some time now , '' said Susanna Luoto , the Tom of Finland Foundation 's Finnish spokesperson . Luoto said Tom 's local fame hit its stride in 2014 when the Finnish postal service released a set of three official Toms of Finland stamps , then intensified when just a few months later , renowned Finnish textile maker Finlayson released a collection of Tom-inspired sheets , towels and other home products .
`` Tom themselves has become a Finnish hero , because their story is today read in a different light , '' Luoto said . `` He was a fighter for their own uniqueness , and did exactly as they wanted , but without being militant . That was n't Tom 's style . ''
Rehearsal for the the musical `` Tom of Finland '' on January 25 , 2017 at the City Theatre in Turku , Finland . Emmi Korhonen / AFP/Getty Images
This year has taken Tom 's Finnish conquest to even higher heights : In January , a musical about their life debuted in Turku , the country 's oldest city , where young Touko attended school ( running through May 6 , it 's fittingly called `` Tom of Finland : The Musical '' ) . February then saw the release of the film , as well as Tom 's inclusion in a special set of Finnish national emojis — the world 's only country-specific set of emojis .
Meanwhile , Tom-devoted exhibitions and events continue to happen around the globe with ever-increasing frequency . Berlin 's Salon Dahlmann and Galerie Judin , for example , are currently jointly presenting `` Touko Laaksonen : The Man Behind Tom of Finland , '' on show through May 6 .
All exhibitions of Tom 's work are sanctioned and assisted by the Tom of Finland Foundation , which serves as the worldwide guardian of their legacy , and also runs the incredible Tom House in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles — which is itself the star of a beautiful 2016 coffee table book . This craftsman home where Tom themselves once lived and worked — and where Dehner and Foundation vice president S. R. Sharp still do — is now a living museum of Tom-ness , where scores of pieces of their original artwork are displayed , and thousands more are carefully archived . Of course a strong sexual charge infuses the Tom House air , but it 's also an incredibly relaxed and welcoming place , and a fascinating center of very alive gay history that 's always open to all .
Book signing and launch of `` Tom House : Tom of Finland in Los Angeles '' at BookMarc on May 24 , 2016 in New York City . J Grassi / Patrick McMullan via Getty Images
The Foundation also oversees the ever-expanding ( but vigilantly curated ) array of products that are graced with Tom 's images , from the expected ( like a full and rather endowed line of sex toys ) to the unexpected ( like Tom of Finland coffee , and the just-released line of Tom of Finland skateboards ) . A growing collection of clothing and housewares are on offer too , and all are available on the new ( and fairly NSFW ) tomoffinlandstore.com .
All of this comes just as global interest in Tom 's work continues to expand beyond its gay male roots . `` Women have now found Tom , and just adore their work , '' Dehner told NBC Out . `` And that 's women in America , and women in Finland . Because what do they represent for them ? They represent the ability — the freedom — for women to actually objectify men , and to enjoy looking at male sexuality . It does n't matter that it 's homosexuality , it matters that it 's male sexuality . And so they get to enjoy it now as men have enjoyed women for centuries . ''
Durk Dehner , president Tom of Finland Foundation , speaks at Eurobest festival on December 2 , 2014 in Helsinki , Finland . Andreas Rentz / Getty Images for Eurobest
Transgender men , too , are embracing Tom 's imagery . `` They adore them also , because they symbolize so many of those very strong iconic archetypes that are embodied in their work , '' says Dehner . `` So they are being empowered by him . ''
For the 67-year-old Dehner , it 's immensely gratifying that Tom 's art is now more popular than it 's ever been , the culmination of decades of dedication and hard work from both men .
`` I 'm so pleased , of course , that Tom 's work continues — because when an artist dies , oftentimes their work dies , and that has not been the case with Tom , '' Dehner said . `` His legacy continues to be valuable and important . You always think , 'Is this artist going to go out of style ? ' But what they represent is simply something that does n't go out of style . ''
Follow NBC Out on Twitter , Facebook and Instagram
Photo
Puerto Rico 's fiscal agent has hired another well-known restructuring law firm , raising the specter that the financially troubled island is preparing to revamp its finances .
The Government Development Bank for Puerto Rico , which oversees all of the commonwealth 's debt deals , said it had hired Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton .
The development bank declined to say whether Cleary had been hired as part of an effort to restructure the commonwealth 's debt .
“ The G.D.B . regularly solicits advice and counsel from a number of legal and financial advisers with respect to financing plans and other related matters , ” a spokesperson for the development bank said in a statement . “ Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton were engaged by the G.D.B . as part of these ongoing efforts . ”
The hiring of Cleary , which was first reported by The Wall Street Journal , comes as Puerto Rico tries to jump-start a flagging economy while also digging out from a mountain of municipal bond debt .
Cleary has represented many financially challenged government clients , including Greece , Iraq , Iceland and Argentina .
Puerto Rico investors worry that a restructuring could result in large losses on their bond holdings as the government seeks to reduce its debt load . Unlike Detroit and other United States municipalities , Puerto Rico can not file for federal bankruptcy protection , making the prospect of a restructuring by the commonwealth potentially even more uncertain to creditors because there is no clear template .
Last month , the Government Development Bank disclosed soon before it sold $ 3.5 billion in municipal bonds that it had hired Millco Advisers , an affiliate of Millstein & Company , which is also well known for its restructuring work .
Millco 's founder , James Millstein , was the architect of a complicated series of transactions that paid back the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for its initial bailout loans to the American International Group .
Hoteliers reject calls for alcohol restrictions
Updated
Liquor retailers have reacted angrily to Tony Abbott 's calls for them to examine their social conscience about the way they sell alcohol in Alice Springs .
The Federal Opposition Leader says they are worried about the volume of alcohol being sold in the town and the state of the people who are buying it .
Mr Abbott is visiting Alice Springs and says they would rather some of the bars catering to Indigenous drinkers were not there .
But the manager of one of the most heavily criticised venues says asking businesses to examine their conscience will not work .
They have called instead for a minimum legal price on grog .
On the last day of their visit to Alice Springs , Mr Abbott again urged businesses to change the way they sell alcohol in the town .
`` It 's very important that people act as citizens as well as business people . I mean , we have to live in this country and live in this town as well as make a living , '' they said .
Ian Drummond is the executive chairperson of Aroura Resorts and Hotels , which owns Alice Spring 's Gap View Hotel . They say simply asking business to change will not work .
`` All that happens is that business leaves our properties when we do the right thing and it goes and rewards people who do n't examine their social conscience and do the wrong things , '' they said .
Mr Abbott took particular aim at three Alice Spring bars that open each weekday , serve hundreds of Indigenous drinkers and then close a few hours later when takeaway sales become legal .
Mr Abbott says they would rather see the bars closed .
`` I do n't think they are very helpful to the situation in this town . And I doubt that they 're very helpful for the people who patronise them , '' they said .
The Heavitree Gap Tavern that Ian Drummond represents runs one of those three bars .
But Mr Drummond says it is unreasonable to turn away morning drinkers just because they are Indigenous and unemployed .
They say their tavern has begun opening at 11:00am instead of 10:00am , and the takeaway store does not sell cask wine or cheap discount booze .
`` At the Heavitree Gap Tavern and supermarket our sales are down roughly a half a million a year , '' they said .
Mr Drummond says there are other retailers in town who are not doing the right thing .
`` Selling really super cheap grog . And that 's one thing that does make a difference . Some places in Alice Spring that 's selling wine for $ 3 a bottle , '' they said .
Most other alcohol retailers were not prepared to talk today .
Coles did not return calls and the managers of two other bars , that heavily cater to Indigenous drinkers in Alice Springs , either refused to comment or were not available .
A spokesperson for Woolworths says it is already taking steps to reduce alcohol-related harm .
Mr Drummond says there needs to be a level playing field and that means having a minimum floor price on alcohol .
`` A level playing field would be good and would encourage all the people who are trying to do the right thing , '' they said .
A floor price on alcohol is something the Northern Territory Government has so far refused to introduce .
The Territory 's conservative Country Liberal Opposition wants to make alcohol easier to access by increasing hours takeaway alcohol can be sold in Alice Springs .
But that 's something Mr Abbott says they do not support .
`` I certainly do n't think that alcohol restrictions should be watered down . I think they should be enforced , '' they said .
But one thing both sides of politics agree on is that finding a solution to Alice Springs 's alcohol problems is critical .
Topics : alcohol , business-economics-and-finance , industry , hospitality , indigenous-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander , government-and-politics , indigenous-policy , alice-springs-0870 , australia , nt
First posted
A breaking report from America First Media Group appears to show that payments made to private cybersecurity firm Crowdstrike coincided with the dates of two mysterious deaths , including the unsolved murder of Seth Rich and the death of process server Shawn Lucas .
In their report , America First Media Group shows that the first payments made were preemptive measures on May 5th , 2016 . They add that the next payment to Crowdstrike , totaling $ 98,849.84 , took place on July 11th .
Their report specifically stated that : “ The relationship to this date happens to be the day after DNC Data Director of New Voter Registration Seth Rich was murdered . ”
The report indicates : “ The final payment to date is August 3rd , 2016 . This coincides with another murder in the District of Columbia . Shawn Lucas , who died on August 2nd of last year , was the DNC Process Server and close friend of Seth Rich. ” —READ MORE
In the hours after the 2014 Mount Polley mine disaster , authorities were already concerned laws had been broken and the premier 's office was worried fallout from the tailing pond breach would “ get in the way ” of other planned mines , documents provided to The Tyee reveal .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘ Punch to the Gut ' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions , says director Corey Payette .
Almost three years after the disaster , and weeks away from a deadline to lay charges under B.C . 's environment act , no charges have been laid and no fines levied .
The government 's initial reaction to the dam 's collapse is revealed in hundreds of pages of emails and other communications obtained through freedom of information request and provided to The Tyee by Jessica Ross , an independent researcher and member of the BC Freedom of Information and Privacy Association .
Ross said they filed the FOI request almost three years ago and only received the documents July 4 .
An email exchange between Staff Sgt . Kelly Dahl of the province 's Conservation Officer Service major investigations unit and Sgt . Richard Lebeuf of the Williams Lake RCMP documents raised concerns laws had been broken .
“ From the Ministry of Environment 's perspective — It appears there are several possible violations of environmental legislation that may have occurred related to this event , ” Dahl wrote . They also expressed concern the federal Fisheries Act may have been broken .
Meanwhile , as officials assessed the damage done , some government staff were working to manage public reaction to the spill .
Premier Christy Clark 's then deputy chief of staff Michele Cadario raised concerns other proposed mine developments could be slowed by the disaster .
“ Was there anything that could have been done that was n't to prevent this situation — are there better standards employed elsewhere that we should look at ? ” they asked in an email to a host of staffers , including communications people .
“ We have a few new mines coming on stream and we do n't want anything to get in the way of that , ” they wrote .
Cadario and other government staffers raised the need to communicate with First Nations in the area and any impact on drinking water .
But they also made an effort to help mine owner Imperial Metals ' public relations efforts after the spill .
The FOI documents show government staff were concerned the company had not been heard from hours after the spill . One email from John Paul Fraser , head of government communications , said the company silence was “ looking bad . ”
Cadario offered a solution .
“ I know the owner of Imperial Metals — I 'll text them and see if they can stir someone up , ” Cadario wrote .
The company 's owner , Murray Edwards , has donated more than $ 400,000 to the BC Liberal Party since 2005 through Imperial Metals and their oil sands company . Edwards also hosted a private fundraiser in Alberta that raised $ 1 million for the party 's 2013 election campaign .
After speaking to Edwards , Cadario wanted to ensure the company 's statement was being noticed by the public .
“ I spoke to the owner Murray Edwards and they said an NR [ new release ] has gone out — Twitter traffic seems to still say that they have n't heard from IM — Has that now been rectified ? ”
In another brief email Clark 's then director of communications Ben Chin said they had spoken to “ Jas ” about impending TV news coverage of the spill . The reference , following earlier emails on Global TV 's coverage , appears to refer to Jas Johal , then a Global reporter .
“ Just finished talking to Jas ... it 's just a heads-up , not an interview request . They tell me the pictures at 6 will be very graphic . Imperial should get out in front , ” Chin wrote .
Johal left journalism weeks later to work in communications for the BC LNG alliance . They were elected as a Liberal MLA for Richmond-Queensborough in May 's provincial election .
The dam containing the tailings pond at the Mount Polley copper and gold mine failed on Aug. 4 , 2014 , sending more than 25 million cubic metres of waste water into nearby Quesnel Lake and surrounding streams . The mine is about 60 kilometres northeast of Williams Lake .
Investigators concluded the failure was the result of a design flaw .
Cleaning up the disaster cost the province $ 40 million .
A private prosecution of Imperial Metals and the B.C . government by MiningWatch was blocked in March by the federal government , which cited ongoing investigations .
One of the biggest surprises in the Premier League this season has been Harry Kane 's lack of goals . The young Tottenham striker set the league on fire last season , scoring 21 goals in 34 league appearances and nearly nabbing a shock Golden Boot award in the process .
But this season , Kane has managed just one goal in nine matches . Cue widespread speculation about what is going wrong , as well as some scathing hot takes questioning whether they were ever any good in the first place . At the Cauldron , hot takes are reserved for our beloved PFT Commenter , so instead let 's explore the potential reasons for Kane 's dramatic decline in goal scoring .
The first logical place to look is the personnel around Kane . Take Andres Iniesta and Sergio Busquets away from Lionel Messi at Barcelona and replace them with Lee Cattermole and Cheick Tiote , and even the great Messi may find themselves struggling to replicate their gaudy goal totals of seasons past . Has Kane fallen victim to a similar ( if less exaggerated ) personnel shift ?
Probably not , though there is the minor issue of Tottenham 's more defensively-inclined central midfield . Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino has settled on a central midfield pairing of Eric Dier and Dele Alli , a duo slightly less suited to getting Kane the ball in dangerous areas than last season 's primary variations , which usually included two of Moussa Dembele , Nabil Bentaleb or Ryan Mason . Dier is a converted center back largely on the team for their steel and positional discipline while the teenage Alli is an outstanding athlete but not necessarily a Champions League-caliber player in possession .
• MORE : Key injuries keeping Manchester City from running away with EPL
Still , despite the fact that neither Dier nor Alli is a brilliant passer , this is not a major shift as it relates to Kane . Further , Kane 's most important running mate , center attacking midfielder Christian Eriksen , actually is creating scoring chances more prolifically this season than last ( one every 31.7 minutes , rather than every 39.5 minutes ) . All told , it seems unlikely that Tottenham 's squad has changed in such a way so as to negatively affect Kane 's goal scoring .
Another potential cause of Kane 's drop in production could be their own role within the team . They are still Tottenham 's lone striker , but has there been a subtle shift in their style of play ? This idea could be slightly more promising .
Over the summer , Kane changed their number from “ 28 ” to “ 10 , ” which of course means nothing on its own . But it does seem to have coincided with a change in Kane 's play . In keeping with a more traditional number 10 , Kane has looked to get themselves more involved in build-up this season , dropping deeper into the midfield and pulling into wide areas more frequently than they did a season ago .
We can trace this shift in Kane 's play by looking at their chance creation numbers , which are markedly improved from a season ago . Playing as a more classic penalty-box striker last year , Kane created a chance just once every 100.9 minutes . But with their newfound emphasis on dropping deeper and setting up their teammates , Kane has significantly upped their rate to one chance created every 62.1 minutes . Viewed another way , in just nine games this season they already have created 48 % as many chances as they did in 34 matches a season ago .
Watch how this played out in Tottenham 's 2–2 draw against Stoke City . Whereas last season 's Kane would have been inclined to hover on the back shoulder of the Stoke center backs , this year 's version is far more content to drop into midfield . At the 1:10 mark in the video , Kane picks up the ball in midfield before unleashing an outrageous chipped throughball into the path of Mason . Minutes later ( and at the 1:30 mark of the video ) , they play a similar pass to the onrushing Ben Davies , resulting in Spurs ' second goal of the game .
The above stats and video help illustrate that Kane has been more involved in the buildup this year , but a greater insistence on setting up their teammates is by no means completely correlated with a drop in goal scoring . We would only expect a drop in scoring on the basis of Kane 's increased assist potential if there were a corresponding drop in shot quality and quantity .
A deep dive into the numbers suggests this largely is n't the case . Kane is shooting once every 25.3 minutes this year , compared to once every 24.1 minutes last season , a negligible difference . And he 's actually taking far better shots , firing 68.8 % of their attempts from inside the box this year , as opposed to 59.3 % last season . To be fair , Kane had an above-average conversion rate last year , scoring on 18.6 % of their shots . But that figure is not remarkable — seven Premier League strikers had better rates — and their improved shot locations this season should be doing more than enough to ensure that their conversion rate ends up around the same place .
So if Kane is still getting shots , arguably in better areas than before , then why is they not scoring ?
The answer is simple : random finishing variance . Rather than a changed Spurs system , poor form , or the dreaded “ lack of confidence , ” Kane is almost certainly suffering from a prolonged case of rotten luck .
On the vast majority of shots , strikers have only minimal control over whether the goalkeeper will make a save or not . In most goal-scoring opportunities , strikers are usually just attempting to hit the target with a well-struck shot . Some try to place their shots more than others , but the difficulties surrounding shooting a moving soccer ball with angry defenders closing in means that prime accuracy is difficult to attain . If it were easier , every shot would end up in the top corner . This means that for on-target shots , whether or not they go in is only somewhat within the striker 's control .
This is a difficult concept to understand , because our minds intuitively tell us that the best goal-scorers are perennial Golden Boot candidates primarily because of their elite finishing . But this is simply not the case . Consider that even in their Golden Boot-winning season in 2014-15 , all-world striker Sergio Agüero finished behind the likes of Leonardo Ulloa , Steven Naismith and Marouane Chamakh in chance conversion rate .
The lesson ? Finishing is only barely a repeatable skill . Instead , it is the striker 's ability to generate large numbers of shots for themselves that is the far more reliable separator between the Agüeros and the Emile Heskeys .
Watch how this works on this Kane chance from that same game against Stoke earlier this season . Kane makes a darting run before making clean contact with the goal gaping . But somehow it does n't go in .
The drunk guy sitting behind you at White Hart Lane sees a boy who is n't the same player as they were last year , or perhaps one who is letting the success and big-money transfer rumors get to their head . But the math sees a desperately unlucky striker , thwarted by Jack Butland 's inspired left arm and the random chance that their well-struck shot would end up in one of the only places in the goal where Butland could save it . Pile up enough of these unlucky near-misses , combined with a lack of lucky goals via either poor goalkeeping or deflections , and you can quickly get a once-prolific striker who is now scoring on just 3.1 % of their shots , for a grand total of one goal this season .
Such an explanation is not particularly satisfying , especially for the emotional sports fan in all of us . We want a more compelling reason , something juicy to discuss with our friends at the bar . Maybe they had a few too many margaritas on their summer holiday in the Bahamas . Maybe they are less than confident right now . Maybe Pochettino 's tactics are ruining their chances of scoring . Maybe they are n't that good in the first place . But decades of similar peaks and valleys for strikers — coupled with the fact that Kane is still getting plenty of quality looks — suggest otherwise .
Kane almost certainly will emerge from this drought soon . They are too good of a player , and one that is getting too many shots in good areas , to be held down for long . Keep in mind that just a few weeks ago , many were calling for Alexis Sanchez — on the heels of their own lengthy scoreless stretch to start the season — to drop out of the Arsenal team and get some rest . Sanchez promptly responded by scoring six goals in their next three matches , and they are now tied for second in the league with those half dozen . Do n't be surprised if Kane goes on a similar surge soon , starting this weekend at lowly Bournemouth .
All statistics courtesy of Opta .
When we started developing for Kip Café we faced a huge dilemma . How could we offer more convenience to a user who could use a website or app instead ?
A relatively simple use-case is now fraught with high acquisition costs . You have huge competition from different products that offer similar value as your bot , and you also have the challenge of educating average users on what a bot is , and how to use it .
EXCEPT THERE 'S ALREADY : 1 . Apps that do the same thing , like MyFitnessPal 2 . Online communities that recommend exercise plans , and also offer social support 3 . Gyms that offer personal trainers as part of their membership incentives 4 . Websites like Calorie Counter that DO N'T require specific platforms to access them i.e . Facebook 5 . People who prefer to write things in journals
EXAMPLE : you build a FB Messenger chatbot that helps users keep track of their exercise called Fitzien . When people chat to Fitzien they find out how many hours of exercise they 've done , how many calories burned and can create their own fitness plans . Sounds useful right ?
The truth is that your competitors are n't just other bot companies , but what your users prefer to use instead of your product . This could mean a website they already visit , an app they 've already installed or their own solution they 've already come up with .
At Kip , we 're moving forward fearlessly . To combat naysayers , we have a radical proposition to all bot developers :
To duplicate this in a bot conversation , you 'll have to go through multiple steps like :
‘ Hi [ user ] , how can I help you ? '
‘ What 's your address ? '
‘ Would you like to do delivery or pickup ? '
‘ Is the delivery ASAP or scheduled later ? '
‘ Would you like to start a new order or repeat previous order ? '
‘ What would you like to eat ? '
‘ What 's your budget ? '
‘ How many stars rating ? ' , etc .
Compared to a website or an app , which just takes a single click— fill out your address , tap search and you 'll instantly be shown a dazzling variety of food . Using a bot was n't fun or exciting , it was a hassle .
Value Add Experiences
The mantra : “ Build Something Only Bots Can Do ” is a great pass/fail test for developing bots . Not only that , the value of your bot must be 20x greater than what is currently used for someone to change their habits .
For instance , if you wanted to do a bot that delivers food , asking 16 questions before a user could pick food options was a surefire killer .
This was a serious problem at Kip . We promised our customers that they could get lunch delivered with Kip , but doing it via conversation meant 16-steps of q & a and no one would do it .
In the end , we came up with a solution by re-focusing to our core mission of helping groups organize . We looked at what Kip could do , that neither an app , website nor food delivery startup could .
Group Search for Consensus Shopping
If you break down food delivery , it consists of 2 experiences . The 1st is choosing a restaurant ( search ) , the 2nd is ordering food from a menu ( selection ) . As an individual , this is an easy process . You know what you like , what you feel that day and picking items off a menu is a piece of cake .
What happens when it 's a group ?
What happens when a team wants to order lunch ?
Who chooses the restaurant ? Who sends out the menu ?
So we flipped the idea of search and selection for groups .
Instead of searching for your favorite food , Kip searches for a restaurant that has * all * your entire team 's favorite foods .
Choices that suit a majority of tastes
Maybe you have a colleague that 's deathly allergic to peanuts , or a friend that 's vegetarian . Or gluten-free . Or paleo-diet . Or it 's been a long day and you just want some awesome diner breakfast food .
No problem — Kip remembers your preferences , polls the team for their choices and automatically sends a personal menu to each person from the winning restaurant .
Live : food votes
The Pass/Fail Test :
Is this something only Kip can do ?
Could this be done via an alternative method ?
If it was done on an app :
There would be no communication because apps are gated and cut off . The beauty of bots is that they can access multiple platforms easily across . If Person 1 is on Slack , Person 2 on Messenger and Person 3 only uses email , Kip can ping all 3 members simultaneously the way that an app ca n't .
If it was done on a website :
It would take an extremely long time because websites are for individual viewing . When you create accounts on Seamless/Grubhub/DoorDash etc . it 's meant to be managed by a single user .
Get your own personal menu instantly
Instead of polling and sending menus simultaneously , someone would have to ask each person what they want to eat one-by-one , count results , then take screen-caps of the menu , paste it on chat and take orders one-by-one . It 's waitering .
Scholars Continue to Reveal Mao 's Monstrosities Exiled Chinese historians emerge with evidence of cannibalism and up to 80 million deaths under the communist leader 's regime . Beth Duff-Brown ,
Los Angeles Times ,
Dutch Heavyweight Stefan Struve has definitely seen the highs and lows of an MMA fighter in their UFC career . `` Skyscraper '' had the rare misfortune to meet power punching Heavyweight champion Junior dos Santos in their UFC debut . Since then , Struve has repeatedly put together two- and three-fight streaks in their 11-fight UFC run . However , each time he 's fallen to heavy-handed opponents as they were ( T ) KO 'd in each of their 3 UFC losses .
In their last bout at UFC 146 , Struve achieved the second 3-fight win streak of their UFC career with an early submission victory over Lavar Johnson . Now , with less than two weeks before UFC On Fuel 5 , Stefan looks to achieve their longest streak by upsetting the undefeated Stipe Miocic .
Karyn Bryant of MMA Heat talked to Stefan Struve about their upcoming opponent and the lessons he 's learned as a UFC fighter :
Stipe Miocic was also last seen at UFC 146 where they defeated Muay Thai striker Shane del Rosario . That was Miocic 's 3rd consecutive UFC victory in their 9 fight career . Struve is not daunted by their opponents flawless record , though . This will be their fifth UFC match against an undefeated up and comer . He 's 3-1 in the other four with their only blemish coming to Travis Browne at UFC 130 . Struve says :
I fought a lot of guys in the UFC who were undefeated before they fought me . So , it does n't really bother me too much . I think I 'm the biggest name he 's fought so far . Being undefeated , the only thing that tells me is you have n't fought the guy that was good enough to beat you yet . And I think I 'm the guy that 's good enough to beat him .
Whether or not Struve is right will be discovered at UFC On Fuel 5 on September 29th . The two will face off on neutral ground in Nottingham , England 's Capital FM Arena .
Now that Angular 2 is out and given the importance of Typescript in the Angular 2 ecosystem , it 's time to understand how to create a proper building system for our projects .
If you see any Angular 2 code example out there , you 're going to see an extensive use of the import statement to load modules into our code like in the example below :
import { Component } from 'angular2/core ' ; @ Component ( { selector : 'my-app ' , template : ' < h1 > My First Angular 2 App < /h1 > ' } ) export class AppComponent { } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 import { Component } from 'angular2/core ' ; @ Component ( { selector : 'my-app ' , template : ' < h1 > My First Angular 2 App < /h1 > ' } ) export class AppComponent { }
This code example is extracted from the Angular 2 website . It does n't really matter what this code does , what matters is that in the very first line they are importing the class Component to use it in the code . So the first question that comes to my mind is : can we run this code directly in our browsers without any building process ? The answer is Yes , we can if we use SystemJS .
SystemJS
Lets start this example code by creating a folder for our test project that we are going to call systemjs .
$ mkdir systemjs $ cd systemjs 1 2 $ mkdir systemjs $ cd systemjs
Our next step is to create two simple files that we are going to call main.ts and person.ts .
person.ts export class Person { public name : string = 'David ' ; } 1 2 3 export class Person { public name : string = 'David ' ; }
In person.ts we are just defining a simple class using the ES6 syntax that we are going to be using in main.ts .
main.ts import { Person } from './person.ts ' ; let person = new Person ( ) ; console.log ( person.name ) ; 1 2 3 4 import { Person } from './person.ts ' ; let person = new Person ( ) ; console . log ( person . name ) ;
As we said before , in order for our import statements to work , we are going to need SystemJS . We can obtain this library from npm , but before doing that , we need to create a package.json file with default values to create a list with all of our project 's dependencies .
$ npm init -- force 1 $ npm init -- force
Now , we are ready to download SystemJS .
$ npm install systemjs -- save 1 $ npm install systemjs -- save
Because SystemJS is going to handle all of the dependencies of our code , every time that one of our files import a class , a function , a variable etc. , from another file , SystemJS is going to do a call to the server to get that dependency .
In our case , main.js is importing a class from person.js , so SystemJS before serving the file main.js is going to do a XHR call to the server to get person.js first . It 's now obvious that we are going to need a web server for our app , and in this case we are going to be using the npm package lite-server .
$ npm install lite-server -- save 1 $ npm install lite-server -- save
After installing the package , we can start the web server .
$ lite-server > zsh : command not found : lite-server 1 2 $ lite-server > zsh : command not found : lite-server
What happened ? Turns out that when trying to invoke the lite-server package like that , our system is trying to look up the PATH variable where all of our executable files live but in our case , the lite-server package lives inside of our own node_modules folder which is not by default in the PATH . We can fix that by creating a “ script ” inside package.json , that way , node is going to add by default our node_modules folder in the PATH and it 's going to be able to find the appropriate package .
package.json { `` name '' : `` systemjs '' , `` version '' : `` 1.0.0 '' , `` description '' : `` '' , `` dependencies '' : { `` lite-server '' : `` ^2.1.0 '' , `` systemjs '' : `` ^0.19.22 '' , } , `` scripts '' : { `` dev '' : `` lite-server '' } , `` author '' : `` '' , `` license '' : `` ISC '' } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 { `` name '' : `` systemjs '' , `` version '' : `` 1.0.0 '' , `` description '' : `` '' , `` dependencies '' : { `` lite-server '' : `` ^2.1.0 '' , `` systemjs '' : `` ^0.19.22 '' , } , `` scripts '' : { `` dev '' : `` lite-server '' } , `` author '' : `` '' , `` license '' : `` ISC '' }
Now we can run the server with the command
$ npm run dev 1 $ npm run dev
Loading the Dependencies in the Browser
With our dependencies in place , let 's move on and create our index.html file .
index.html < ! DOCTYPE html > < html lang= '' en '' > < head > < meta charset= '' UTF-8 '' > < title > SystemJS < /title > < script src= '' node_modules/systemjs/dist/system.js '' > < /script > < script > System.config ( { transpiler : 'typescript ' } ) ; System .import ( 'main.ts ' ) .then ( null , console.error.bind ( console ) ) ; < /script > < /head > < body > < /body > < /html > 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 < ! DOCTYPE html > < html lang = `` en '' > < head > < meta charset = `` UTF-8 '' > < title > SystemJS < /title > < script src = `` node_modules/systemjs/dist/system.js '' > < /script > < script > System . config ( { transpiler : 'typescript ' } ) ; System . import ( 'main.ts ' ) . then ( null , console . error . bind ( console ) ) ; < /script > < /head > < body > < /body > < /html >
In line 6 we are loading the SystemJS in the browser . In lines 8-10 we are configuring SystemJS to use typescript as the transpiler for our code ( the transpilation is going to be performed at runtime in the browser ) . Finally , in lines 11-13 , we are importing the entry point of our application , in this case the file main.ts .
We are ready now so we can start the web server with the command npm run dev , open our browser and go to the address localhost:3000 . If we open the browser 's console , we can see that something went wrong with SystemJS .
> SyntaxError : Unexpected token < ( … ) 1 > SyntaxError : Unexpected token < ( … )
Whats missing ? We told SystemJS that we are going to use typescript as the transpiler for our code but we did n't give the browser access to the transpiler to perform the job . To fix that , we need to install the typescript transpiler locally using npm .
$ npm install typescript -- save 1 $ npm install typescript -- save
Then we need to go back to index.html and load the library .
< ! DOCTYPE html > < html lang= '' en '' > < head > < meta charset= '' UTF-8 '' > < title > SystemJS < /title > < script src= '' node_modules/systemjs/dist/system.js '' > < /script > < script src= '' node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js '' > < /script > < script > System.config ( { transpiler : 'typescript ' } ) ; System .import ( 'main.ts ' ) .then ( null , console.error.bind ( console ) ) ; < /script > < /head > < body > < /body > < /html > 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 < ! DOCTYPE html > < html lang = `` en '' > < head > < meta charset = `` UTF-8 '' > < title > SystemJS < /title > < script src = `` node_modules/systemjs/dist/system.js '' > < /script > < script src = `` node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js '' > < /script > < script > System . config ( { transpiler : 'typescript ' } ) ; System . import ( 'main.ts ' ) . then ( null , console . error . bind ( console ) ) ; < /script > < /head > < body > < /body > < /html >
At this point if we reload the browser , we are going to be able to see the string “ David ” in the browser 's console .
There 's one minor detail that we should fix . If we take a closer look at the file main.ts , we can see that we are defining the extension ( .ts ) of the dependency person.ts
main.ts import { Person } from './person.ts ' ; let person = new Person ( ) ; console.log ( person.name ) ; 1 2 3 4 import { Person } from './person.ts ' ; let person = new Person ( ) ; console . log ( person . name ) ;
When working in node , we usually do n't specify the extension of a module so to be consisten in the frontend , we should be doing that import like :
import { Person } from './person ' ; 1 import { Person } from './person ' ;
To accomplish that , we need to configure SystemJS to use the .ts extension as the default . If we see the SystemJS config API we can notice that such property exists but for some reason , we are now forced to put our typescript code inside another folder , it ca n't be directly in the root folder . Although the reason to enforce that is not clear to me , having a separate folder for our “ source ” code is actually a good practice . So we can stop protesting against the SystemJS convention and go ahead and create a new folder called src , and move the files main.ts and person.ts to that folder .
$ mkdir src $ mv main.ts src $ mv person.ts src 1 2 3 $ mkdir src $ mv main.ts src $ mv person.ts src
Our now folder structure is as follow :
. ├── index.html ├── package.json └── src ├── main.ts └── person.ts 1 2 3 4 5 6 . ├── index.html ├── package.json └── src ├── main.ts └── person.ts
We can now update our index.html file to define the default extension and load the main.ts file from it 's new location .
index.html < ! DOCTYPE html > < html > < head > < title > SystemJS < /title > < script src= '' node_modules/systemjs/dist/system.js '' > < /script > < script src= '' node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js '' > < /script > < script > System.config ( { transpiler : 'typescript ' , packages : { src : { defaultExtension : 'ts ' } } } ) ; System .import ( 'src/main ' ) .then ( null , console.error.bind ( console ) ) ; < /script > < /head > < body > < /body > < /html > 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 < ! DOCTYPE html > < html > < head > < title > SystemJS < /title > < script src = `` node_modules/systemjs/dist/system.js '' > < /script > < script src = `` node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js '' > < /script > < script > System . config ( { transpiler : 'typescript ' , packages : { src : { defaultExtension : 'ts ' } } } ) ; System . import ( 'src/main ' ) . then ( null , console . error . bind ( console ) ) ; < /script > < /head > < body > < /body > < /html >
In lines 10-13 we are defining the default extensions of our files using the package property . Notice that the keys right under the package property should match any of our folders , in this case we are referencing our src folder .
On line 17 we are changing the location of our main file and deleting the explicit mention to the .ts extension . Similarly , we can modify our main.ts file to delete the extension of the dependency .
main.ts import { Person } from './person ' ; let person = new Person ( ) ; console.log ( person.name ) ; 1 2 3 4 import { Person } from './person ' ; let person = new Person ( ) ; console . log ( person . name ) ;
If we go back to see our browser 's console we can see that everything is working as expected with a more concise import syntax .
Here is a guide explaining what Atlético and Real Madrid can and can not do under the constraints of the FIFA-imposed sanction .
Signing players : Atlético and Real Madrid can make signings and register players until 31 January .
Signings and loans : Fifa will not allow either club to sign players today , the date the sanction was communicated , if the plan is to loan them out to other teams and then recall them in the summer or in January 2017 , as the world governing body would consider this tantamount to fraud . If Madrid wanted to sign Lewandowski or Pogba , they would have to include them in the squad with immediate effect . They could not sign either player and then loan them out to Bayern Munich or Juventus .
Loans : Both clubs can bring back players who were on loan at other clubs today , the date the transfer ban was announced . It has yet to be determined if they can loan out players now and bring them back in June . This uncertainty could affect Óliver Torres , who Atlético were thinking about shipping out during the winter transfer window . It is reasonable to expect this would be allowed , as Torres belonged to Atlético before and after the sanction came to light .
Contract renewals : These are allowed .
Selling players : This is also allowed .
Fernando Torres : The Spaniard belongs to AC Milan but has been loaned out to Atlético until 30 June , when they become a free agent . If Atleti want to hold onto El Niño , they will have to sign them this month and extend their contract a further season .
Morata : Real Madrid only had the option to bring them back until 31 July of this year but that is no longer the case because they are not on loan to Juventus , rather their contract contains a buyback clause for Real Madrid .
Managerial changes : These are allowed regardless of the sanction . Managers are not considered signings .
Sections : The clubs ' reserve sides can not bring in new players , but other sections can , as is the case for the Atlético Madrid women 's team .
Reserve sides : These players can be called up to play for the first team as long as they were registered with the youth set-ups before 30 June 2016 , the date the ban will come into effect .
We all need to save money , and in my opinion there is no easier place to start than in areas that we are already spending more than we should . It 's also easier to cut expenses immediately than it is to make more money , especially in this economy . Over the last year since we moved here ( which saved us a ton right away ) , I have really worked on cutting expenses in our house for two reasons – 1 . I do n't like spending more than I have to and 2. cutting expenses means I can work a little less because I do n't need to bring in as much money each month . Because of the way the economy is , I figured I would share some of the ways that we have really cut down our expenses and hopefully inspire you to make some of the changes yourself .
Haul your own trash to the landfill . In March , I canceled trash pickup at my house and decided to take it to the dump myself . They were charging me about $ 27 a month for pickup , and to take it myself I pay $ .35 for every 20 pounds of trash . In April , I brought my trash over for the first time – and handed the guy $ .35 for my 4 pounds of trash . This is now saving me over $ 26 a month , or at least $ 312 a year . If you can take your own trash , I would seriously look into doing so !
Get rid of the phone company . If you are still paying the phone company for home phone service , you are being ripped off . My mom , who still has n't made the switch , pays $ 72 a month for their home phone with unlimited calling . I pay $ 25 . What 's the difference ? I use Vonage , which is a VOIP service that lets you make calls over your high-speed internet connection . If you have high speed internet ( either cable or if you can get naked DSL , which is DSL without home phone service ) I recommend you switch to a VOIP service asap and start saving money . The phone works exactly the same as regular service , your computer does n't have to be on , and we have never had an issue . And even if you did , most people have cell phones as a backup . Over the course of a year , if your bill is like my mom 's , you can save $ 564 !
Drastically reduce your electricity use . My electric bill last year was $ 53 a month . Last month ? $ 23 . And that has nothing to do with needing less heat , as we have propane for that . To get it down that low , almost every electronic device in our home is either on power strips or unplugged when not in use . In the entertainment center , the TV , stereo , & DVD player are completely switched off by a power strip when not being watched , and only the DVR is left “ on ” . The coffee maker , toaster oven , microwave , various radios , and our computers are unplugged or have their strips switched off . Only the wireless router , modem , and Vonage box are left on . Any device in your house that either goes to “ standby ” mode or has a power brick continues to use energy even when not in use . Invest in a couple of cheap power strips and put everything on them – the savings can add up very quickly . Right now we are saving about $ 25 a month compared to last year , which adds up to $ 300 a year in savings .
Slow down your internet speed . Chances are , you wo n't even notice the difference unless you spend your days uploading files . When I lived closer to town , I had 7MBPS speed on my DSL – and now I have 1.5MBPS due to the fact that I live out in the country . That sounds like a major speed drop , but I rarely , if ever , notice any difference . I still stream music all day from Pandora while working on my sites , and can even still use our VOIP phone . No problems at all to be found . I did n't have a choice in the matter , but it did save me $ 10 a month on my internet bill . That 's $ 120 a year in savings . Look into it if you are paying for a higher speed than you actually need .
The above are some major ways you can cut your home expenses starting TODAY that could save you over $ 1,296 a year or about $ 100 a month if your bills are anything like ours . That 's a pretty easy $ 100 a month to save . Even by doing all of them , our life has not changed in the least – it is no different now than it was last year , except for the fact that we are saving even more money . Still want to save even more ? Here are a bunch of quick ways to shave a few bucks off your monthly expenses :
– Sounds simple , but making sure your tires are properly inflated can save you money on gas .
– Call a few other auto insurance companies and ask for new quotes to compare to your current policy . Policies can differ by thousands of dollars a year , and it is definitely worth a 2 minute phone call to find out .
– Turn down your water heater to 120 degrees .
– Combine all your credit card debt onto a card with a 0 % interest balance transfer offer .
– Raise the deductible on your home and/or auto insurance policy . Our auto policy has a $ 1,000 deductible .
– Fire the landscaper and mow the lawn yourself . It 's good exercise and it saves you money at the same time .
– Refinance your mortgage with these new low rates that are available .
– Ask for a discount . On everything . What 's there to lose ?
Now it 's your turn – what , if any , expenses have you been able to cut at home and not suffer too much from ? I am not one to advocate living like a hermit in a tent , but oftentimes many people spend way more than they need to on “ necessary ” household expenses , if only because they do n't know any better . That 's the point of this article , to point out what might be obvious to others . So if you have some great ways to easily cut “ regular ” expenses that do n't change your life too much , please let us all know in the comment section !
( Non-mobile users , if you 'll permit me a nostalgic pop-punk indulgence , this article is best read while listening to it 's namesake . Hit play and come back , if you 're into that sort of thing . )
Part 1
Part 1 of this article , a history of things I do n't like , proved too lengthy to write . Instead , please accept this short excerpt from it .
In a triumph of public relations over reason , many industries from Tobacco to Pharmaceutical to Oil , coopted science for their own gain , with infrequent but scarring incidents over many decades . Trust broken and wary , the public , without a strongly developed ability to think critically , became increasingly independent , wanting to take ownership of their choices . Once the internet created large platforms with low costs for entry , the information available to the public , both accurate and inaccurate , exponentially increased while the distinguishing characteristics between them diminished . Creating a false dichotomy , adherents of many unproven concepts began to convince larger and larger groups that science and its methods had gone too far . The way forward , they now argued , is to take a step back , to older , simpler , natural methods for everything from medicine to farming , sometimes accepting but more often , ignoring the forgotten costs of the obsolete .
Let us now continue on to Part 2 .
Scientific Skepticism
Grounded Parents is a blog about skeptical , science-based parenting . What does that mean ?
You are probably here because a skeptic you know shared the link . Think about that person now . Sometimes they seem like a jerk , correcting or mocking people on the internet , right ? This is not what skepticism is about , despite virtually all of us being guilty of it at one time or another . Skepticism is not about proving people wrong . That 's just an amusing pastime .
It 's also not about atheism , even though most skeptics are nonbelievers . It 's not about proving there are no Big Feet ; you ca n't . It 's not about GMO 's , feminism , vaccination , The Food Babe , Steve Novella , or Rebecca Watson . It 's notably not about Richard Dawkins .
I want to tell you that skepticism is the search for truth , but I ca n't because some assholes already took that phrase and turned it into something meaningless . But goddamn it , it is the search for truth . Not an exciting “ truth ” that 's hidden away from the “ sheeple ” and only we , a special unique few , know . No , that narrative only serves the masturbatory purposes of those who believe it . Science is hard and truth , the real truth , is boring as fuck . If there is a bar for entry , that 's it . Can you put in the time , the effort , and the intellect to understand the science and then accept the stupid boring mundane answers as readily as you can accept the fascinating ones ?
Skeptics use the concept of null hypothesis to guard against incorrect assumptions and faulty claims , requiring that anyone try to say something actually , you know , prove it . Of course this relatively simple concept gets muddied right off the bat by the vast areas where we do n't have good data , so skepticism is also about understanding the limits of science . A good skeptic learns to say “ I do n't know , ” “ no one knows , ” or “ that 's not something we can know ” and feel good about it .
Finally , we have an appreciation for the consensus of the scientific community . One of the easiest ways for otherwise rational people to go off the rails is to disregard legitimate science as tainted by money , politics , or vast conspiracies of dubious evidence . Money is , of course , a factor . It can create a bad paper . Ideologically driven science with bad methods can do the same . Money might push a bad paper past peer review . But money ca n't get other scientists to replicate the results . It ca n't convince readers on the other side of the globe to expand on the work . In the end , science will always find the truth .
Parenting
Take it from someone whose job is to figure out how machines work : a child is a complex system , with countless variables and interfaces , terrible feedback , and no log file . While sleep-deprived , you get emotionally invested in trying to figure this enigma out without the benefit of a control group , a pause button , or a manual . It 's no surprise at all that parenting drives the best of us half-mad .
So what do parents do ? They try anything they can think of ; they ask friends and family for advice ; and fairly often , they turn to experts . And I wish I meant their pediatrician but no , we are talking about the sea of experts who will tell you ( but more often sell you ) the answer to your problems .
Here 's my assertion : Almost all of these people have some valuable idea to contribute , but none of them are totally right . Your child is your child . They are simultaneously a unique snowflake and just like every other kid who 's ever existed . So you need to look out into that sea of advice and pick out the bits of truth . You are the only expert on parenting your child . But that does n't mean you can just do whatever you feel like , ignoring criticism and caution . This is a vital obligation ; you need to respect it . You need to become an expert at reading that news story about car seats , checking its sources or finding the original paper . You need to understand logical fallacies and realize how that emotional plea on facebook to feed your children organic was actually just smoke and mirrors over expensive veggies . You need to learn about confirmation bias and how eating sugar does n't actually change kids behavior .
You need to be skeptical .
Postscript
Look , you 're already a skeptic . You use critical thinking every day . It 's how you decide whether to believe the auto mechanic or plumber . It 's how you make good decisions at work . You are a fact-crunching machine , but you have to apply it all the time . And you 're not infallible . Neither are we . So stick around , give skeptics a chance and we 'll show you some ways to think better , avoid the B.S . that people so often throw around , and be the parent you want to be .
Featured image used under CC with our thanks , belongs to theNerdPatrol .
Illustration by Alex Cook
Hi Noisey , you might remember me from a few years back . Does # SxBlindGuy ring a bell ? No ? Just close your eyes and imagine you 're an unknown , penniless , blind guy wandering the streets of South by Southwest—that was me , a youngin ' , when I dove headlong and with very little usable vision into SXSW 2013 .
I was back in Austin again this past week . But forget the gimmicks . I was covering the festival—doing “ serious journalism ” —but all along there was something strange and sinister looming in the background , nagging at me , a spectral reality that , for me , could mean both fame and failure .
It was Butler .
If you 're confused , do n't worry—most people are . It started as a small , funny annoyance : Will Butler of Arcade Fire , and I , happen to share the same name . To confuse the matter further , there 's Win Butler , the frontman of Arcade Fire . The brothers , with nearly identical names , are confusing enough ; throw me in there and it 's an SEO nightmare . But haha , no big deal , right ?
Over the last several years , though , our lives started to overlap .
Continued below .
The first time it happened was as an intern at NPR , when we had the brothers on for a livechat . It was my job to moderate the chat room , which needless to say confused the hell out of everybody . But I was just a lowly intern , without my own microphone , and Win and Will were on the other side of the country . I wanted to yell out at them , share the humor of the situation , but they were a world a way and an echelon above . As funny as it was , I had to let it go .
But as the Arcade Fire 's star continued to rise , and their great mighty rays of superstardom spread out across the web , so did the fracturing of my very identity . My Twitter account flooded with confused fans . Perplexing emails poured in from friends and acquaintances who , with both of us in their address books , were starting to email the wrong Will Butler . Once I got an email from Little Scream , inviting me to their birthday party . But did n't they know full well that I did n't live in Montreal ? Were we even on that level ? But maybe we really hit it off ? Maybe they meant to invite me , on the off chance that i was in town ? No , of course not .
Time passed . I worked as a music critic . I would review albums and imagine indignant Arcade Fire haters scoffing at Butler 's ignorant opinions ( my own ) . Then , about a year ago , Will Butler went solo , stepping out from Arcade Fire with their own material , and their own name ! That 's when I knew everything was going to get intense . Would I have to give in ? Add clarifying clauses to all my online profiles ? Go to the courthouse and just change my name altogether ? Unlike him , i could n't even go by William ; it literally just says “ Will ' on my birth certificate . Even if I admitted defeat , what would that look like ? Was it possible that I was simply the lesser of two Butlers ?
The thing is—the thing I kept telling myself—is that all you have to do was a quick Google search , even the most lazy of a Google , and you 'll realize we are n't the same person . Surely no one of any import , any status , any real significance , could ever confuse us in any meaningful way , surely not—the New York Times ? !
Let me explain why , I think , this happened . Butler released an album this month ( more on that in a bit ) , on Merge Records , and as such , headlined many of the most high-profile showcases at SXSW this year : namely SPIN , Pitchfork , and Pop Montreal , in addition to a set of official SXSW panels and Q & A 's at the Convention Center—in a PR sense , a real full-court press .
Meanwhile Krugman , as it turns out , was invited by the Butlers to come add a little gravitas to the discussion , though admittedly , Krugman admitted to not having any foreknowledge about the state of the music industry . Either way , in advance of their debut at SXSW Music , Krugman decided to give Butler a little dap on the NYT blog—a little pre-promotion . They read my article on The New Republic , and , I do n't know , maybe they did n't get to the part at the end that says “ Will Butler is a writer from California ” ? [ Ed . note : They must have finally read the entire article , as there is now a noted correction . ] It 's OK , I still love your quirky econ videos , Paul . The real OG stuff from when Jim Lehrer was still hosting PBS Newshour .
Anyway , I was distraught ( not really ) but kept soldiering on . If at first , finding Will Butler was simply a flight of fancy , it had morphed , taken shape into a very serious , special ops-level mission . If I had to ride into the showcase , yelling their name with my very last breath , like Slim Pickins in Dr. Strangelove , so be it . Granted , my Google calendar had started to look like I was a little bit , hmm , crazy ?
Knowing that SXSW can be stressful , I wanted to let Butler get acclimated , I wanted to meet them in the best of circumstances ; really give them a shot to be a decent , honest human being . I also wanted to catch them when they were with Krugman , so I waited until Thursday morning to make my entrance into the life of this man who likely shares little to nothing with me except the exact same # brand .
The panel was called “ The Celebrity Economy in Music , ” featuring not only the Butler brothers , Paul Krugman , and music manager Nicky Berger , but also the Grantland writer Rembert Browne , as well as Nielsen 's VP # Branded Entertainment Music Tatiana Simonian who , despite having the least name recognition and most meaningless title at the table was , by a huge stretch , the only one making any sense . The panelists , all good-natured , polite and well-meaning , were sitting before a packed conference hall of people waiting to hear something profound but who knows what . Thank god for Simonian though , who , in perfect form , reminded us all that despite our hangovers , it was still entirely possible to make intelligent comments about the state of the music industry .
I crept in late with my good friend Chris Catalena , a musician from Bryan , Texas and heir to the Catalena Hatters , meaning , they always wear a cowboy hat , even indoors . That 's how Texas they are . Towards the end of the panel , they leaned over to me and suggested , in their sweet Southern drawl , “ you wan na ask ‘ em a question ? ” They read my mind . As a line started to form behind the microphone for Q & A , I knew the time was right . I was going to call out the Butlers , Krugman , and anyone else who might challenge my namesake , before an audience of hundreds , in a room full of journalists and media moguls alike . I was going to get involved .
The questions ahead of me were bullshit . One guy ridiculously , shamelessly pitched their startup instead of asking a question , to which the Butlers painfully shrugged off and Rembert Browne hilariously went “ BOOM ! ” to dissipate the awkward silence . Then it was my turn .
But NO ! It was 1:30 PM , folks . Sorry . Browne announced , “ We 're going to have to cut it off there . Thanks everyone . ”
I stood , stuck , in the aisle of room 18ABC , devastated as the rest of the crowd poured outside . I wandered toward the stage , in a daze , but the panelists had immediately ducked into a secret passageway behind the stage , just as i had seen Lil ' Wayne do the year before . They were all gone .
Well , Krugman was gone . But Butler—I still had their schedule memorized .
I decided to follow , with Chris , to the next venue . As we walked , I started to question not only my commitment to this absurd , lightweight-stalking , but my deepest , darkest motivations for pursuing it in the first place .
South by Southwest is about two things : you 're either promoting yourself or trying to meet or at least see people who are bigger than you . If you 're not doing one , you 're trying to do the other . If you 're not doing either , than odds are you are one of those people who leave SXSW feeling empty—full of fried food , grimy stories and some new afflictions , perhaps—but somehow unfulfilled . To borrow a term Win used on the panel , it 's a “ cesspool , ” with lifeforms of every size , the biggest fish down to the smallest , and if you 're not eating than you 're being eaten . What did this have to do with Will Butler , though ? Could it be that , by both sharing my name and being a celebrity musician , they fulfilled both of these SXSW fantasies—that they were both of me and above me—and that meeting them would sate not only my selfish desire to promote myself , but also check off the box for that more insidious , starfucking motivation at the same time ?
I might be chasing the ultimate narcissism . The realization was almost sickening .
We had to soldier on , though . I had already dragged Chris through the cesspool , and I could n't let my own disgust stand in the way now . I had to complete this mission , if only for Chris 's own gleeful enjoyment of this proposed convergence . Besides , who knew what could happen ? Maybe they 'd call security on me , or maybe we 'd just have a flat-out Butler brawl ? I had to at least know that I 'd received recognition from my linguistic doppleganger , and unless I kept showing up , they are n't going to give it to me . Like a true Texan , I had to come and take it .
When we arrived at the Mohawk , Will Butler was about to play . It was the 2:30 PM slot at the Pitchfork showcase—not as crowded as in years past , but still one of the festival 's prime spots . The sun was hot and unpleasant , but we still pushed our way forward in the outdoor venue , to the side stage area , to get as close to the artists as we could . Finally Will walked out of the back , getting ready to step on stage . We were so close .
Halfway through the set , Chris tapped me on the shoulder . Their Texas accent is perhaps the most endearing I 've heard , and they said , real slow and quiet , like Elmer Fudd , “ I think their brother 's standing right next to you , man. ” Just like we 'd practiced , I handed them my phone to take photos and tried to look unruffled , nonchalant as I peered blindly to my left .
Sure enough , they were quite literally shoulder to shoulder with me . But the music was loud , blistering even . I could n't very gracefully just introduce myself , especially considering the lengths I 'd gone to this week to track them down . Words could n't do the job . So I decided to go against my first impulse to say something , ignore my instincts as a visually impaired person , and send them a cool , nonverbal cue .
Holding my cane in the other hand , I reached over and tapped Win on the shoulder . They turned , tall and imposing in their fedora and sunglasses . I grabbed my badge , emblazoned with my name and dangling around my neck , and wordlessly held it up to their face . They squinted at it for a minute . Then they laughed . I extended my hand and , through the din , they shook it . We turned back to the stage , and enjoyed the rest of the show .
But the mission was n't complete . Towards the end of the show Win strolled away , and I knew I still had to catch Will , and I had to strike while the iron was hot .
Chris and I dipped out of the Mohawk and into the street , moving around the perimeter of the building to where we had seen our friends bands load in and out so many times . And there they were . Win saw us coming ; i was n't sure if he 'd shout with joy or rip off their jacket and throw up their dukes . This was the moment of truth . “ Hey , Will ! ” they said , or something like it , “ Look ! It 's Will Butler ! ”
I do n't know what made me do this , but as I got within range , I held out my arms . Slowly , but gently , we fell into an embrace . I could feel the sweat from the show still coating Will 's back . I was surprised to find that , at maybe 6 ' 3 ” , they were nearly as tall as me , too . Could it be that we were actually cut from the same cloth ? Who was this long lost piece of me and what could we mean to one another ?
On the sideline , Chris made small talk with Win , who , at maybe 6 ' 5 ” , had played in the NBA celebrity all-star game not two weeks before . Chris picked him , deadpan : “ When are you gon na quit yer day job and start playin ' for the Houston Rockets ? ”
I ca n't really remember what was said ; It was a bit of a blur . But niceties were exchanged . It seemed quite possible that Will Butler had not only not harbored ill-Will against me , but had no nefarious designs of any kind . We chatted for a few minutes , and bowed out gracefully . I was relieved to feel a low-grade but friendly catharsis wash over me .
Chris and I strolled across the freeway to Quickie Pickie and had sandwiches , iced tea , and Oreo cheesecake . All was well . For good measure , I sent Will a friendly text , to seal the deal and show them that I came to them with no harm , no foul , and nothing but peaceful vibes and maybe mutual self-promotion in my heart .
Maybe it was time to get out of Texas .
A good way to know if time 's to leave SXSW is if you suddenly go blind but then are kinda into it — Rembert Browne ( @ rembert ) March 20 , 2015
Could n't have said it better myself .
Will Butler is not that Will Butler . He 's on Twitter .
Save Removed 0
When families are strapped for cash , is it really worth spending extra on an inflatable canoe ?
Unfortunately canoes can be expensive , especially if you have to buy more than one .
Price , as well as easy of storage and transport , is why we went with an inflatable canoe . However , if we could afford rigid canoes , store them , and transport them easily then we would have done .
However , the price for inflatable canoes vary wildly . Some upper models are as expensive as a basic rigid canoe . So what 's the difference ?
Inflatable Canoes to Avoid
In the early days of inflatable canoes there were many that were nothing more than an inflatable lilo with sides . Unfortunately you can still find many of these .
Avoid these . Treat them as you would a pool lilo .
What to look for in a quality inflatable canoe
There are a number of things to look for in an inflatable canoe .
The inflatable material should be strong and durable .
There should be multiple ‘ chambers ' . If one chamber gets punctured the canoe should not sink to the bottom .
The hull should be protected with a separate strong covering to add further protection to the inflatable sections .
Boston valves will make inflating and deflating a lot easier .
Look for a rubbing strake to protect the hull when paddling .
It should have a removable skeg .
It will be heavy . This is a sign of heavy-duty material .
There should be a drainage hole , with bung .
Carrying handles .
And ideally extras like webbing , somewhere for dry bags , and paddle holders .
Our quality inflatable canoe is the Sevylor Hudson ( pictured above ) .
This handles moderately well for a large inflatable ( inflatables do n't perform in the water as well as rigid hull canoes ) , and the additional protection has given piece of mind when beaching .
Are there any cheaper inflatable kayaks ?
Yes there are , but at the expense of quality .
We recently purchased two Intex Challenger K1 kayaks for our older children .
These were very affordable compared to an expensive inflatable , but are not on the same standard as the Sevylor Hudson . And , one was soon punctured ( but easily repaired ) .
Since we like getting on the water these may only last a season or two , but that 's OK for the price .
But despite being entry-level inflatable canoes , they do perform quite well ( for an inflatable ) , and certainly feel more like a kayak in the water rather than a canoe .
They are also easy to inflate and deflate .
The lack of features such as a drainage hole does n't seem that essential then think again . The only way to get the water out was to tip it upside down , and yes , cold river water did run down the back of my neck !
More Expensive vs. Cheaper Inflatable Canoe
Here 's a video where I show you some differences between a more expensive inflatable and a cheaper one .
A south Wales police chief has spoken out against a one-armed man who was caught drink-driving after jumping a red light in their car while making a mobile phone call .
Superintendent Dick Lewis , the force 's head of traffic and operations , said the recklessness of 34-year-old Stuart MacNamara , who has lost their right arm below the elbow , had `` left them speechless '' .
The recklessness of this driver leaves me speechless
MacNamara from Llanmorlais , Swansea , was given an 18 month driving ban , fined and ordered to pay costs totalling £450 by magistrates in the city on Friday .
The court heard the defendant , whose right arm is missing from the elbow down , was driving a car which was not adapted to cater for their disability .
Police at Swansea stopped them last Sunday after they were seen driving through a red traffic light holding a mobile phone to their ear with their good arm .
Tests showed that MacNamara , of New Road , Llanmorlais , Swansea , had almost twice the legal limit of alcohol in their breath .
But , the court heard , while they had been drinking into the early hours of last Sunday , they got into their car believing they were under the limit .
They were banned from driving for 18 months after admitting driving with excess alcohol , driving when they could not have proper control , and going through a red light .
'Under the limit '
The magistrates heard that MacNamara had been drinking into the early hours of last Sunday .
They got into their Daihatsu Four Track 14 hours later in the belief they were under the limit .
But their behaviour was described on Friday as reckless by Superintendent Lewis .
`` The recklessness of this driver leaves me speechless , '' they said .
`` Each offence is bad enough in its own right but in combination they are more severe . ''
Spread the love
Groveland , Florida – Two Florida cops are being accused of throwing an 11-year-old girl to the ground and holding them at gunpoint in their own home .
The police were dispatched to the home because someone had accidentally set off the burglar alarm . Since the alarm tripped accidentally , no one in the house was aware that the police were on their way . When officers let themselves into the house with guns drawn , it was a total surprise to the young girl who was sitting at home watching television .
“ One of the officers was pushing me down and when they were pushing me down , ( he ) put their knee on me and the other officer had their gun pointed at me , ” the young girl told Channel 9 .
The girl 's father , Jean Guirand could n't imagine how the police officers would possibly think that they were a threat , and treat them that way in their own home .
“ Someone should get fired for doing something like this , ” Guirand said .
They also told reporters that their daughter was traumatized by the experience .
When the story went public , it was discovered that the officers involved have a short history with the police force , but a long list of complaints . According to Channel 9 news , Officers James Festa and John Rigdon have only been with the department for three years , but both have been disciplined several times .
According to their personal file , Festa was reprimanded in December for botching a child abuse investigation , and was suspended for sleeping on the job back in 2013 . Meanwhile , Rigdon was suspended in May and demoted in 2013 and has been accused of filing false police reports on several occasions .
Instances of police throwing young folks on the ground and holding them at gunpoint , in their own home are n't isolated . In October , a North Carolina teen was assaulted and pepper sprayed by police in their own home after they were mistaken for a burglar . 18-year-old DeShawn Currie was accused of robbing the house in which they lived .
John Vibes is an author , researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war . In addition to their writing and activist work they are also the owner of a successful music promotion company . In 2013 , they became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference , which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world . You can contact them and stay connected to their work at their Facebook page . You can find their 65-chapter Book entitled “ Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance ” at bookpatch.com .
Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael ( Ted ) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE ( R-Texas ) wants to use the highway spending bill to get a vote to strengthen an unrelated oversight bill on the Internet domain name transition .
The presidential candidate on Thursday night filed an amendment to the highway bill that would require Congress to vote before the Commerce Department could give up its oversight role over the system that allows Internet users to easily find websites using an address .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If it is a good idea consistent with U.S. national security interests to hand over and give away the Internet , then Congress should debate that and approve it , ” Cruz said Thursday night , a nearly identical statement they made before the amendment was voted down in committee .
Bipartisan House and Senate lawmakers came up with a compromise oversight bill that would give Congress 30 legislative days to review a final transition plan before the handoff to a group of international stakeholders took place , but the deal would go ahead if Congress did not act .
Cruz wants to switch the presumption , meaning they want the transition to be contingent on a congressional vote .
“ If my amendment is not adopted , here 's a look into what will happen : The report will be submitted to Congress . Thirty legislative days will pass . Congress will do nothing , ” they said .
Critics of the transition are worried that the handoff could lead to other state actors gaining influence over the Internet . The Commerce Department has said it would approve no plan that put an intergovernmental body in charge .
The current form of the bill sailed through the full House and won an overwhelming majority in the Senate Commerce Committee . But Cruz has placed a hold on the bill , which would vastly extend the process if leaders brought it to the floor .
GOP supporters of the current version say the bill was the product of compromise and struck a delicate balance with Democrats . Others say Cruz 's amendment would sink the deal , and Congress would end up with no oversight at all .
“ I understand there is urgency to pass legislation to provide oversight of the Internet , ” Cruz said . “ I also believe we should act affirmatively to protect Internet freedom and the amazing engine for economic growth and opportunity the Internet has become , and I urge my colleagues to support my amendment . ”
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R-Ky. ) is expected to limit amendments on the highway bill by filling the tree . The compressed schedule leaves little time for proposed amendments , like Cruz 's .
Here 's the recipe :
ingredients
Production
Still pistachio , you say ? Yes , but it is so good , especially associated with chocolate , association certainly classic , but delicious . I propose you a kind of Opera revisited or the pistachio replaces the coffee : A biscuit joconde and 2 ganaches mounted , one with chocolate , the other with pistachio.And for the first time , I wanted to try the `` socket at St Honored '' for the decor.The result ( aesthetically speaking ) pleases me enough but I will have to train again to make beautiful `` laces '' of ganache ... - 2 whole eggs + 3 white- 65 g of almond powder- 65 g icing sugar- 25 g caster sugar- 40 g of T45 flour- 25 g butter- 20 cl liquid cream with a minimum of 30 % ( about 190 g ) - 85 g white chocolate ( ideally Valrhona , or white chocolate to bake ) - 30 g of pistachio paste- one half gelatin sheet- 80g of mascarpone- 110 g of dark chocolate 60 % ( ideally Valrhona ) + 220 g of liquid creamAt least 30 % - 110 g liquid cream with a minimum of 30 % - 40 g of pistachios- half a glass of water- 50 g caster sugar- A glass of water- 3 sugars in pieces- a few drops of almond extractThe day before ( or at least 4 hours before ) , the ganaches mountedThe ganache is a creamy cream that can replace the butter cream and was invented by the school of the great chocolate Valrhona . I discovered this recipe in this wonderful book about chocolate , for me a reference book.Chop the chocolate and melt in a bain-marie or microwave ( 500 W power , stirring occasionally ) .In a saucepan , heat 110 g liquid cream until boiling . Pour a third of the mixture and mix with a soft spatula ( enamelled ) energetically making small circles to create a `` core '' elastic and shiny . Incorporate the second third in the same way , then the third third , using the same method.Add 220 g of remaining cold cream , mix , mix with a dipping mixer to `` perfect the emulsion '' .Shoot `` in contact '' with ( place as close to the preparation , a food film ) and leave in the fridge for 4 hours minimum.Put the gelatin in cold water . Boil the cream , add the gelatin softened and drained and pour over the white chocolate with the pistachio paste.Mix until the mixture is homogeneous ( there , add one to 2 drops of blue food coloring , no more , to make the preparation slightly greener , but it is not obligatory ) .Mixer , switch to Chinese , film on contact and leave in the fridge for 4 hours minimum.Preheat your oven , rotating heat , to 220 ° C.Melt your butter in a saucepan . Once melted , leave the pan out of the heat.In your robot ( or in a salad bowl ) , pour the 2 whole eggs , the almond powder and the icing sugar . Raise it with the whisk for a few minutes.In another salad bowl , whisk the 3 egg whites into snow , adding grated sugar as you go until you get a `` bird 's beak '' on the branches of the whip.Incorporate with a maryse , a quarter of the whites in snow at the 1st preparation and then incorporate the flour , the remainder of the whites into snow and the melted butter.Spread your preparation as finely as possible with a spatula , on 2 baking sheets covered with greaseproof paper . On the 2nd plate , make sure that your rectangle is half as large ( to obtain in the end 3 rectangles of the same size ) . If you have too much dough , make 2 large rectangles but you will have excess dough left.Bake for 7 to 9 minutes . Check the cooking , the biscuit must be just golden.Take out the 2 plates and put `` 2 upside down '' your 2 biscuits on grates and gently remove the parchment paper . Let cool.Prepare a syrup by boiling the equivalent of a large glass of water with 3 sugars in a saucepan . When boiling , remove from heat and add a few drops of almond extract ( not too ... ) and stir quickly with a whisk.Do not worry , it does not mix well because the almond extract is fat , but this emulsion will be enough to soak your cookie.Cut your biscuit into 3 rectangles of equal size ( as I wrote above , there will be leftover cookies ... ) . Lightly soak each cookie from your almond emulsion with a brush.We take the ganaches not yet mounted in the fridge ... 1- Assemble the electric mixer at medium speed ( not too fast anyway ) the chocolate ganache which will rise like a whipped cream . It must be firm.Spread with the spatula this first ganache mounted , as evenly as possible , on a first rectangle of soaked biscuit , keeping about a quarter for the decoration . Reserve the remaining chocolate ganache in the fridge.Place a second rectangle of soaked biscuit on the chocolate ganache.2- Add the mascarpone to your pistachio preparation . Climb with the electric mixer at medium speed the pistachio ganache which will rise like a whipped cream . It must also be firm.Spread with the spatula this second ganache mounted , as uniformly as possible , keeping about a quarter for the decoration.Lay the 3rd and last rectangle of biscuit i
The images are chilling , and what they intimate is repugnant to the 21st century mind . But it 's all there , typed out in reams of paper splayed across Sarah Baumchem 's kitchen table , remnants from the Ku Klux Klan 's foray into southern Ontario , nine decades ago .
Hooded men in spectral robes hold arcane rituals in the woods on the edge of town . Burning crosses light up the night from perches in the distant hills .
They are quick to emphasize the mystery as to whom the documents once belonged . Baumchem found the papers in the rickety rafters of an old wooden barn about two and a half years ago . They were cleaning up a neighbour 's property , clearing bucket after bucket of debris from the old barn , when a few sheets of paper fluttered down from the ceiling . The date “ 1918 ” caught their eye , and their curiosity was piqued .
“ This is n't classed as history . It 's classed as hate . I could n't just sell it on Kijiji or anything , ” says Baumchem , 34 , wrapped in a snug hoodie with a big shaggy dog pawing at their chair in the warmth of their home , on a windy stretch of country road about 30 kilometres north of Bowmanville .
The mother of three boys shakes their head as they leaf through the aged documents . Them hands pass over strange symbols and Latin lettering , numbered KKK membership cards , Klan bulletins and communiqués . They usually keep it all tucked away in a box , hidden from their children .
“ I was told by a couple people to ‘ Burn it , burn it , burn it . It 's hate , ' Baumchem says . They pause . “ … But you ca n't get rid of history . ”
Once they realized what it all was , they faced a conundrum . Though eerily fascinating , the documents of the so-called “ Invisible Empire ” carry the darkness of a racialist ideology with disquieting echoes of some of the last century 's most shameful streams of thinking : eugenics , segregation and fascism among them .
“ My reaction was — ‘ Everybody , stop what you 're doing . We need to figure out what this stuff is . ' ”
Accused of inciting riots in the southern state , Bullock had fled north to the Ontario capital . At the time of their interview with the Star , the Klan had reportedly threatened to send robed riders to fetch Bullock and whisk them back to the American south . Adding to the poignancy of the danger , the reporter noted that Bullock 's brother had already been killed by Klansmen in the U.S .
Matthew Bullock had a job at Union Station when the Ku Klux Klan proclaimed them a wanted man . It was March 1922 , and the plight of the “ young negro ” from North Carolina was profiled in the Toronto Star .
“ It looks to me like this was intended to scare me , ” Bullock was quoted as saying in 1922 .
The report is an early mention in the pages of Toronto 's newspaper of the American organization known for its secrecy . After decades of dormancy , the KKK had re-emerged in U.S. society during the First World War , with a 1915 film on the organization , Birth of a Nation , propelling the image of the burning cross and white-robed rider into the popular consciousness of the time .
Through the mid-1920s , as evidenced by Baumchem 's documents and dozens of newspaper reports , factions of this second iteration of the Ku Klux Klan would creep into Canada , sprouting branches from Vancouver to the Maritimes and enlisting thousands of followers .
Their movements were routinely reported in the Toronto Star , especially once the organization took root in the area . Articles told of crosses burning in the hills of Hamilton , of a dynamite explosion at a Catholic church in Barrie whose suspected orchestrator had Klan ties , and robed Klansmen laying a wreath at the city hall cenotaph .
What made these groups different from their American cousins , however , was a focus on preserving a narrow , religious- and ethnic-based notion of Britishness in Canada , explains James Pitsula , a University of Regina historian whose book on the KKK , Keeping Canada British , was published last year .
“ The Klan in its various incarnations is not always the same thing . There are elements that are the same , as the racial ideology , but there are different emphases , ” they say .
“ ( In the 1920s ) , they were trying to , I would say , preserve Anglo-Saxon , Protestant hegemony . ”
This bent is clearly spelled out in the documents Baumchem found , which are full of unsettling references to racial purity and the evils of Roman Catholicism .
For instance , there 's a white card that bears a Klan saying , in Latin , Non Silba Sed Anthar , which means : “ not for oneself , but for others. ” Below , the card describes the main principles of the “ Ku Klux Klan of Kanada ” — one of the more prominent KKK groups in the country in the mid-'20s — including “ white supremacy ” and “ pure nationalism. ” It ends with a pledge for the signatory : “ I am a white , gentile , protestant and will betray no confidence . ”
It 's difficult to imagine , but the general tenets of such thought were hardly marginal in the Canada of the 1920s , says Pitsula . Long-standing anti-Catholicism was particularly expressed in antipathy toward the Quebecois and Irish immigrants . Further , “ there was sympathy for the concerns of the Klan ” when it came to immigration policy , especially in its opposition to the arrival of people from southern and eastern Europe , says Pitsula .
“ There was a lot of sympathy for the ideas of the Klan … The Klan was a more extreme version of what many people believed . ”
That much is on display in a Star article from March 1926 , which describes a speech given by J.H . Hawkins , the American leader of a group called the KKK of the British Empire — noted in several of Baumchem 's documents — at an open Klan gathering in Parkdale .
Hawkins railed against Bolshevism , lamented immigration from the Balkans , and posited that Anglo-Saxon people should be the only ones to settle Canada . The speech received “ whole-hearted applause , ” the Star reported .
Despite the interest and values of the era , the Klan organizations in Ontario never built the same foundation they had in places like Saskatchewan , where Pitsula says membership hit more than 25,000 by the late '20s .
But that failure to thrive here was n't due to widespread denunciation of their ideas ( though condemnation was by no means absent ) ; it was because more established groups in Ontario already commanded the political space for such thinking , says Pitsula , citing a 1995 article on the subject by historian Allan Bartley .
“ In Saskatchewan , there was more point to the Klan , because the Klan could be used to mobilize support against the Liberal machine , ” they say . “ It had a purpose , it had a utility , for those who wanted to change the government , ” they say .
Conversely , in Ontario , groups such as the Orange Order had long ago cornered the ideological market for anti-immigration views and support for the idea of white Protestant supremacy , Pitsula says . Bartley 's article agrees , citing the Orange Order as “ chief ” among the organizations representing “ the residue of racism ” left over in the province from the late 19th { +- } century British imperial mentality .
There simply was n't room for a robust Klan in Ontario .
So it faded away . Fowler left for the U.S. in 1926 , leaving the KKK of Kanada in the hands of Canadians like New Brunswick MLA James Lord , while Hawkins headed west and made a brief appearance in the Klan operations on the Prairies , according to Pitsula 's book .
“ These were people who were angry and frustrated , ” Pitsula says of Canada 's Klan members .
“ They were trying to preserve the old Canada that they had fought for in the First World War , when they were fighting for British civilization , British values , ” they say .
Refuses to destroy
Cigarette propped between their fingers , Baumchem steers their car over the rolling hills of a snow-swept gravel road in Ontario farm country . Not far beyond the tree-lined horizon , to the south and east and west , the KKK found fertile ground for recruitment 90 years ago .
In early December , an agent with the PBS show Antiques Roadshow visited the area , and Baumchem decided to show them the Klan documents she 'd found . Though their monetary worth is unclear , their historic value is notable , Baumchem was told .
The Roadshow official also noted the sensitivity of the papers , especially given that they include a two-sided sheet listing more than 60 dues-paying members of the Ku Klux Klan of Kanada 's Oshawa chapter .
“ The names are what make it dangerous , ” says Baumchem , taking a drag from their cigarette . “ Nobody wants to be tied to that . ”
Having grown up in Parry Sound , a small town on the shores of Lake Huron , Baumchem says she 's no stranger to lingering prejudices , intolerance based on religion and ethnicity .
That 's why she 's refuses to destroy them .
“ We learn from those mistakes in history , ” they say , pulling into their driveway .
“ That 's how we learn to be better people . You need to feel that disgust in your belly . ”
Anyone who has ever worked in a large organization has at some point taken a proposal to senior management for approval . You may already know the executive who has to sign off on the proposal , and you scan their face while they read it hoping for advance warning on what is going through their mind . You listen carefully to their questions , trying to understand their thought process . You answer even more carefully , trying to steer them into your way of thinking . And to your delight , the questions that they come back at you with tell you that they are thinking about the proposal the way you want them to . When they summarize the issues and the decision they have to make , you know that they fully understand why they need to sign off . And then the unfathomable happens : they turn you down.Decisive Campaigns : Barbarossa played from the German side puts you into the role of that senior manager . You are constantly being asked to make decisions or delegate the choices to a subordinate , which amounts to pretty much the same thing . It is often painfully clear what the intellectually correct choice should be , and you repeatedly find yourself compelled to make a poor choice , or even the worst choice , with full understanding of what the unpleasant consequences are likely to be.Any action you take is likely to upset someone . Antagonize a subordinate and he 'll be slow to carry out your orders , which wo n't do wonders for your next performance review . Annoy your peers and your fuel allocation will get diverted to Western Europe , or your supply trucks wo n't get repaired when they break down . Anger your superiors and count yourself lucky if all that happens is early retirement . Anything you do or do n't do come at a political cost , and you rarely have enough political capital stored up to do what absolutely needs to get done , let alone what you really want to do . So you perform a heart-breaking triage on the decisions you have to make , repeatedly making bad choices so as not to upset the apple cart because you need to keep your political powder dry for the big fight over that one thing you think you absolutely need.Make no mistake , this is a wargame . There 's a big detailed map , with lots of units to move around and lots of places for them to go . But you 're playing as theater commander . You sit there looking longingly at the map , thinking of all the brilliant maneuvers you could make and all the clever things you could do , if only you could get your subordinates to follow orders . And then you remember your inbox . It 's a big inbox.So why do you have to read through all those reports instead of focusing on moving your troops around ? You could delegate to your staff , and you can even ignore your inbox entirely . Many commanders throughout history have done precisely that . But it 's part of your job , and sooner or later not understanding fuel consumption , railroad track gauges , and broken down trucks will bite you in the ankle , especially when the weather is starting to freeze over and your troops have n't been supplied with winter coats.Played from the Soviet side the game presents you with a different but equally challenging set of problems . You have to figure out how to get a brain-dead , incompetent , and terrified officer corps to do something ( anything ) while navigating around Stalin 's episodes of paranoia . Less than ten years before the game begins the functional part of the Soviet officer corps had been purged , and the consequences of that purge are still very much in evidence in 1941 . You survive in the Red Army by towing the party line and not being too prominent or conspicuous : showing too much competence or initiative was a one-way ticket to Lubyanka prison or the Gulag . In that environment , the natural inclination of a Red Army general with any hope of life expectancy is to do nothing . When they are n't descending into paranoia , Stalin can nudge the Red Army into action by dispatching Zhukov or Khrushchev to keep things under control or restore order . When playing the game from the Soviet side a player will find themselves in a constant war with inertia.Playing from either side you have the option to remove the management exercise layer from the game before it begins , and what you 'll be left with is an engaging division-level wargame in the style of its predecessors in the series , Decisive Campaigns : Blitzkrieg Warsaw to Paris and Decisive Campaigns : Case Blue . But playing with the management layer turned on elevates Decisive Campaigns : Barbarossa to a unique experience that demonstrates at a visceral level that there 's a lot more to being a good general than just making the right moves.The latest version of the game that I 've played was in a late beta stage of development . The game covers the first six months of the German invasion of the Soviet Union , and focuses on big picture issues with nineteen mile hexes and four day turns , and the pieces you shove around the map are division-sized units . But there 's a lot going on below the division level that you can keep track of in the reports , and after a few days of movement and combat , no two divisions are identical , even if they started out that way . To make a game of this scope work there inevitably had to be a few abstractions , some of them annoying . Axis minors use German equipment and Slovakian infantry divisions are indistinguishable from their German counterparts . With a little prodding this kind of thing will be addressed in subsequent patches .
3 dead in triple shooting Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting , Inc. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Johnstown - Johnstown police are investigating a triple shooting at 200 Grove Avenue in the Moxham section of the city .
Initial reports indicate that around 5:30 Friday night , one person fatally shot someone in the home . They then shot and injured another person and then fatally shot themselves .
According to the Cambria County Coroner Jeff Lees , the third victim died in the intensive care unit just before 12:45 Saturday moning .
Leis has n't released the names of anyone involved yet .
Neighbors tell WTAJ that they believe this was a domestic situation .
They believe a man that shot and killed their ex-wife and shot their son before committing suicide .
A utility building suspected to be a weapons storage facility for Hezbollah was the probable target of an Israeli airstrike on Lebanese territory near Janta in the Bekaa Valley two months ago .
The Feb. 24 air raid was the first against a Hezbollah facility in Lebanon since the monthlong war in 2006 .
Hezbollah admitted that one of its facilities was hit in the air raid , adding that only material damage was inflicted and that there were no casualties .
It would also strengthen Hezbollah 's rejection of various media reports in the aftermath of the air raid that claimed the target was a missile or artillery base used to pound Syrian rebels in the Yabroud area of Qalamoun .
A rare roadside bomb ambush on March 14 against a passing Israeli army patrol in the Shebaa Farms was the only attack for which Hezbollah claimed responsibility , albeit after the event and by Sayyed Hasan Nasrallah , Hezbollah 's secretary-general , in an interview with As-Safir newspaper last week .
...
Events at the Lady Cilento Children 's Hospital may presage the rebirth of compassion and the end of modern Australian savagery towards the vulnerable and stricken , writes Alex McKean .
IN THE DARK DAYS of 1943 there was controversy over whether Australia should adopt a policy where the northern half of the continent should be effectively abandoned to the Japanese — a policy known as the `` Brisbane Line '' .
In the more cruel and indifferent Australia of 2016 , Brisbane has once again come to represent a border ; a fault line in the seismic undercurrents of the politics of race and xenophobia .
The actions of the courageous staff at the Lady Cilento Children 's Hospital , in refusing to deliver an infant back to the horrors of our dirty little camp on Nauru may signal the turning of the tide . A groundswell of community support has built up , with a vigil being held to support the Hospital staff , and prevent the `` Australian Border Force '' and their mercenaries , Serco , from disappearing baby Asha .
Serco and the Australian Border Force are doubtless disgruntled that their actions are attracting so much attention . It is so much easier to deal with troublesome individuals in one of the camps , or the high seas , with no pesky protestors and journalists about .
Each of the major parties has participated in a race to the bottom on the issue of refugees . Each of their policies has been nothing short of a disgrace .
The Abbott Government took things to a new low . Claiming to have stopped the boats , the only thing which had actually stopped was any information about the boats . Flags started sprouting in ever-increasing numbers at press conferences , while slick politicians stood alongside uniformed military officers , there to cloak the whole catastrophe in the extreme secrecy of a military operation .
At least the military officers , while refusing to answer any question beyond their name , rank and serial number , managed to look vaguely ashamed about the use to which they were being put .
Not so the politicians .
Trapped in a downward spiral of having to look increasingly `` tough '' in response to the peril posed by a few leaky boats , the politicians reached for a principled argument to justify the ramped up cruelty of their policies .
That argument , stripped back , goes pretty much like this :
By stopping people getting on `` leaky '' boats , we prevent the inevitable cases where those boats will come to grief and we have bodies washing up on the coast of Christmas Island . Therefore , any amount of suffering we inflict on the people we already have here is justified , because it will send a message to the people who would otherwise get on boats . So , if we make life as horrific for asylum-seekers on Nauru , Manus Island , or in Cambodia , as it was ‘ back where they came from . The job , then , of the Australian Government is to make life as awful on Nauru as it is for a member of the Rohingya minority in Burma , to give the individuals on Nauru no hope that things will ever get better , and to advertise their despair to aspirants lining up for passage in Indonesia . The more immoral we are with respect to those interred on Nauru , the more moral we actually are , by saving the lives of the many more who might otherwise drown .
This argument has been the salve to the consciences of those Australians who have bothered to think beyond the fear generated by assumed differences between `` us '' as members of an earlier wave of colonisation or immigration , and `` them '' , as a more recent manifestation of the peopling of this continent .
The argument is , however , flawed .
Firstly , there can be little doubt that the boats have not actually stopped . Despite the ridiculous and extreme measures taken by the Government to prevent information getting to the Australian people about boats arriving – or being turned back – with or without bundles of cash being gifted to people smugglers .
The Government cynically imagines that the individual consciences of the Australian people will be untroubled by the fate of the people who would otherwise seek safety here , provided they are not confronted with any data in conflict with the Government 's big lie .
Secondly and more importantly , there is no moral or ethical foundation to the argument . It is a fundamental problem with utilitarian theory that it could allow the greatest good to be experienced by the greatest number of people by means of suffering being caused to a persecuted minority .
Nothing excuses the suffering being imposed upon the people on Nauru . That suffering can never be transformed into a virtue .
The Government is seemingly prepared to spend any amount of our money , in times of budgetary constraints , to maintain the regime of trafficking traumatised people to horrific camps where they can be further brutalised by highly-paid thugs . Despite the verified reports of murder , sexual assault and child abuse under the watch of the detention-centre operators , Serco managed to renew the contract , reportedly worth up to $ 1.4 billion of taxpayer 's money .
We now live in an Australia where private contractors hold desperate mothers are held incommunicado while plans are made to whisk their infant child back to the Nauru hell-hole .
It is unlikely we will see any political leadership on this issue from either of the major parties . Neither can now blink and risk being the party who allowed the boats – or at least news of the boats – to start flowing again . Neither seems to have the moral capacity to articulate a position which could lead Australia back to a rational , compassionate and proportionate response to the trickle of asylum seekers who could ever realistically reach our shores .
In the absence of such leadership , change can only come through the people withdrawing their consent for the damage being done in their name . The parties will respond only if they sense the cruel policies are no longer supported .
A significant proportion of the Australian people have always been opposed to the way we treat refugees . It is my fervent belief that a substantial majority would support change if courage and leadership were shown .
Events at the Lady Cilento Children 's Hospital may presage a shift in momentum , but there is a long way to go . Large sums of public money are at stake and those currently profiting from the operation of the cruelty industry can be expected to adamantly resist any form of change .
We stand , as a people , at the border between a continuing spiral down into savagery or a return to a principled approach which recognizes the value of every human life and us to hold our head up high as a good global citizen .
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Australia License
Monthly Donation Frequency Monthly Annually Amount $ Single Donation Amount $
Baby Asha staying ! Well done # LadyCilento staff and the vigil keepers . https : //t.co/zuyhw7m4Tn — Agnes Mack ( @ AgnessMack ) February 21 , 2016
Subscribe to IA for just $ 5 .
Spread the love
We already know the cost to freedom brought about by domestic spying . To add insult to injury , phone surveillance has become a multimillion-dollar business , with telecommunication giants reaping taxpayer money as they readily hand over your personal information .
The sickening version of supply and demand is made possible by the entrenchment of corporatism in America , coupled with a blaring disregard for law . As telecoms enjoy raking in your extorted money , they rest easy in the state 's guarantee of immunity , knowing that people have no recourse against the violation of Constitutional rights .
This latest information on financial dealings between agencies and telecoms appears to be from 2013 , but we can only assume that these figures have increased since then .
The reason we have no more recent data is that it 's a secret . When the 2013 documents were leaked , exposing the hundreds of millions given to telecom companies , the Office of the Director of National Intelligence released a scathing letter calling the leak “ reprehensible , ” and said that its disclosure poses a risk to national security .
The average law enforcement telephone wiretap costs $ 50,000 , which is put into context by the fact that Verizon alone gets 250,000 requests a year .
AT & T charges a $ 325 activation fee , then $ 10 a day to maintain the tap . They have over 100 employees dedicated to reviewing and handing over your data .
Verizon charges the government $ 775 for the first month , then $ 500 for each month after . At this rate , it stands to make almost $ 200 million a year just by saying yes to all of the wiretap requests .
With revenue like this , it 's no wonder that telecom companies never hesitated in joining with the surveillance state after 9/11 .
54-Year Old School Teacher Who Does n't Know How To Download Movies First To Be Kicked Off The Internet In France
from the hadopi 'd dept
We recently noted that , over in France , under the HADOPI three strikes regime , they had their first 10 people get their third strike , and each was being reviewed to see if they should lose their connection . Well , it looks like the first guy has lost their connection ... and it 's a 54-year old school teacher who insists they have no idea how to download unauthorized content . The story is a little unclear , but it sounds like they had open WiFi , and they did n't understand what the `` first strike , '' was really about . When they got the `` second strike '' notice , they tried to figure out how to secure their WiFi , but it either took too long or they were unable to figure it out ... and so along came the third strike . The guy is pretty upset about this , for a damn good reason . It 's going to be ridiculously expensive to fightit may get appealed up to European courts outside of France , which would entail significant travel expenses as well . This is why it'sto be innocent until proven guilty , right ?
Filed Under : france , hadopi , oversight , review , three strikes
Companies : hadopi
For the past year and a half , a killer has been on the loose , taking out millions of starfish up and down the West Coast of North America . By the time it is done with an area , starfish that had once littered the ocean floor have been reduced to mounds of white goo .
The silent killer now appears to be a kind of parvovirus—the group of viruses that cause gastrointestinal problems in unvaccinated dogs—researchers report Monday in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Sea stars are linchpins in the ecology of habitats like tide pools , said Robert Paine , a retired marine ecologist at the University of Washington in Seattle , in an interview earlier this year . Without them around to control mussels , the bivalves can take over an area , greatly reducing the kinds of algae and sea anemones present . `` The system , for all intents and purposes , simplifies itself . ''
There 's not many researchers can do to stop the virus , though . `` We ca n't quarantine , we ca n't effectively cull , and we ca n't vaccinate , '' said Drew Harvell , a marine ecologist at Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , in an interview earlier this year . The best they can hope for is that populations can recover once the epidemic winds down .
They 're Melting
The long-term effects of the virus remain to be seen . For now , infected sea stars , like the purple or ochre star and the sunflower star , die a gruesome death .
The virus weakens the animal , leaving the sea star open to bacterial infection , said lead study author Ian Hewson , a microbiologist at Cornell . And it 's that bacterial infection that ultimately kills the sea star .
About eight to 17 days after viral infection , white lesions appear on the body and lethargy sets in . Sometimes the animal 's arms rip themselves off and walk away . Eventually , the sea star deflates into a pile of white slime .
Bacteria in the genus Vibrio are common in sick marine animals , said Harvell . There 's a possibility that they are the bacterial partner responsible for the `` wasting '' or `` melting '' seen in sea stars , but researchers ca n't tell for sure .
The virus , dubbed the sea star-associated densovirus , is also quite common . `` It 's been around for 70 years , '' said Hewson , and `` it 's probably present all over the world . ''
Museum specimens from the 1940s have tested positive for the virus , and it lurks in ocean sediments and in seawater . It has even been found in sea star relatives like sea urchins and sea cucumbers .
Urchins and cucumbers seemed to have escaped the ill effects of the virus until now . But in recent weeks , reports have started to come in that they too are dying along beaches in the Pacific Northwest , Hewson said .
View Images A sunflower star is stranded on a beach in British Columbia . These large starfish are also being cut down by a widespread virus . Photograph by Ron Watts , All Canada Photos/Corbis
Mysterious Trigger
Why such a pervasive virus is suddenly killing millions of animals is still up for debate .
`` We 've seen big outbreaks in sea stars before , '' said Pete Raimondi , a marine ecologist with the University of California , Santa Cruz , earlier this year , `` but they 've been very regional . ''
This current outbreak stretches from southern Alaska down through Canada and the U.S. West Coast , into Baja California . ( See an interactive map of locations . )
Previous events were relegated to one or two species , but the virus is now infecting 20 . ( See a full list of affected species . )
It 's unusual for a single type of virus to infect so many species . But mutations in a key part of a virus , called the capsid , can help the infection spread to more species , the study authors write .
The capsid enables the virus to attach to proteins on a host 's cell , Hewson said . The more proteins those capsids can stick to , the more species the virus can infect .
Densely populated areas , like sea star beds , give a virus more chances for its capsid to mutate and take on other species .
Large sea star populations in the Pacific Northwest could be one reason for this virus 's sudden march up and down the coast , Hewson said . `` Having a huge number of individuals in a small area works like a reactor for this virus . '' ( See `` New Diseases , Toxins Harming Marine Life . '' )
Tracking a Killer
What will the virus do next ? Now that they 've found their culprit , Hewson and their team are trying to predict what could happen to other sea star populations around the world that are currently disease free . They 're also studying the urchins and sea cucumbers that are already dying to see if the same killer is responsible .
But their continued work-and this study-would n't have happened without the enormous research and citizen-science community that has popped up across the U.S. and Canada around the epidemic . `` This is the first time we 've had such a large number of institutions come together to tackle a marine disease problem , '' Hewson said .
Perhaps , Harvell said , scientists can learn what they need to from this outbreak to prevent or stop the next one .
It 's no secret that we here at Entertainment Buddha are huge fans of geek art and other web gems that can be found on the Interwebs . One of our favorite artists that has been featured on this site a few times before has a line of super deformed caricatures that feature iconic movie characters such as the Joker , Batman , Iron Man , John McClane , Ripley , the Lethal Weapon dudes , and many others that we just unearthed .
Once again Anthony Geoffroy has done a bang up job at creating insanely looking caricatures of some of the most recognizable movie characters from the 80 's and 90 's . There are also a few modern day pop culture icons in their portfolio too , but the classics take the cake . Head on down below to see what these characters look like if you 're on LSD . Make sure to leave a comment to let us know which one is your favorite !
“ Making you a better geek , one post at a time ! ”
HUNTSVILLE , Alabama -- Just in time for the holidays , two Beauregard 's restaurants will be back in business .
The restaurant at 511 Jordan Lane will Wednesday at 11 a.m. under new ownership , and Beauregard 's at 1420 Paramount Drive will reopen at 11 a.m. Friday , said Kevin Harper , the general manager of the Jordan Lane location .
Those two restaurants and another at 975 Airport Road closed last month .
`` I 'm happy and all the staff ( of about 30 Jordan Lane employees ) is happy '' to be reopening right before Christmas , said Harper .
On the last day of business last month , customers `` were literally crying , '' Harper said . `` The next week , we stayed to clean up , '' and customers who thought Beauregard 's was still open were calling and stopping by .
Three unnamed local investors are the new owners , Harper said .
A different site is being sought to replace the Airport Road location .
`` We took some items off the menu , '' Harper said , but the restaurants will continue to serve wings , chicken tenders , burgers and ribs .
Cheryl Neal Martin was the former owner . They and their late husband , Doug Neal , who died two years ago , opened the first Beauregard 's on Jordan Lane in 1995 .
A Beauregard 's restaurant at 1009 N. Memorial Parkway closed in September .
For the record , this is the existing Nexuiz , not the upcoming console game . This is confusing !
I 'm not normally into `` this game announced to use this engine and this middleware '' news , but this announcement caught my eye . Nexuiz , the upcoming downloadable first-person shooter from Illfonic , is going to run on Crytek 's CryENGINE 3 . This is the same engine that Crysis 2 will run on when it 's released . That 's not really a big story on its own , but Nexuiz 's path to the marketplace is a little ... odd . Nexuiz started out as a free , open-source first-person shooter for the PC , Mac , and Linux , and it runs on something called the `` Darkplaces '' engine , which is a highly modified Quake 1 engine . So it 's not exactly advanced technology . In fact , the game 's official site claims that work began on Nexuiz in 2002 . So when the game was first announced as an upcoming console release , I figured it was just a way for this community-developed project to bring in a little bit of money , but that it 'd probably look like a polished-up version of the original game . Obviously , changing to a modern engine opens up all kinds of weird possibilities.Nexuiz ( the original one ) is kind of a cool game , and since it 's totally free , you might want to give it a look if you 've never seen it before . You can grab the latest version from the game 's official site . Meanwhile , this CryENGINE-based Nexuiz game is due for Xbox Live Arcade and the PlayStation Network this Winter .
Democrats have for weeks treated the still-operational presidential campaign of Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) with a mix of deference and caution , worrying about too strongly pushing the occasionally irascible senator and their legion of devoted followers .
But as time has passed and the party 's convention nears , supporters of Hillary Clinton really want to know what Sanders ' endgame actually is .
The question has been prompted by some recent muddled messaging from Sanders himself . The senator has said he 'll vote for Clinton , but is declining to actually endorse their candidacy . On Tuesday , they raised the specter of convention disorder over the nuts and bolts of the party platform , all while insisting they will do everything in their power to ensure that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump loses .
The Democratic Party is eager to see that loss , but has begun wondering whether ideological disputes and bruised egos may get in the way .
`` So far [ Sanders ] has been riding a wave of good feelings in the sense they ran an incredible campaign , '' said former Sen. Kent Conrad ( D-N.D. ) , who served with Sanders and Clinton but has endorsed the latter .
`` But that has a pretty short shelf life and then people start looking at you through a different lens , and that lens is : Are you a team player and do you have the larger picture in mind or are you just focused on yourself ? '' Conrad said . `` At some point , pretty soon , they cross the threshold . They may have already crossed it . ''
Sanders ' campaign did not return requests for comment . But those who know the senator say that the simplest explanation for their current pursuits is , in their typical fashion , the right one : They want to change the Democratic Party , from the way it nominates its candidates to the policies it pursues .
`` Bernie is trying to do exactly what they say they are trying to do . It 's in every one of their statements . They are making sure the concerns they have raised are taken into account for the future of the Democratic Party , '' said former Sen. Ted Kaufman ( D-Del . ) , who worked with Sanders for a short period of time .
`` The easiest answer with Bernie is to listen what they say because what they say is what they mean , '' they added . `` It is remarkable working with him . You did n't have to spend a lot of time figuring out what they were saying or what they meant . It was a pleasure being around him . ''
And Sanders has been around . Since voting in the Democratic primary concluded , they have n't receded far from the spotlight . The stadium-sized rallies are over , but they have campaigned for like-minded progressives , sent fundraising emails to elect allies , pushed for platform changes through their delegates and , lately , has taken to the op-ed pages of the major newspapers .
The senator delivered their latest missive on Wednesday morning : They sent a warning shot to Democrats via The New York Times , writing that Britain 's vote to exit the European Union exposed an underappreciated anger in the electorate over income inequality and trade deals .
At some point , pretty soon , they cross the threshold . They may have already crossed it . Former Sen. Kent Conrad ( D-N.D. ) on whether Sanders is playing a productive or destructive role by remaining in the race
That Sanders remains a player in the party is clearly not in dispute . The question Democrats -- especially those in the Clinton universe -- are grappling with , is to what end ?
`` I 'm confused by it , '' conceded Ed Rendell , the former governor of Pennsylvania and a longtime Clinton ally . `` If they want to speak in primetime at the convention , then they have to suspend their campaign . If I was leading the movement and I wanted to convince the American people that the movement was correct , then I 'd want to speak in primetime . But apparently they must not want to because they have n't thrown in the towel . ''
With weeks to go before the party convenes in Philadelphia , Sanders ' role in that coronation of Clinton remains a mystery . They said Tuesday on MSNBC that they were taking their campaign to the convention floor in an effort to affect the platform .
`` Politics is not a baseball game with winners or losers , '' Sanders said at the time . `` What politics is about is whether we protect the needs of millions of people in this country who are hurting . ''
But changing the platform with the dramatic stripes that would satisfy the senator and their supporters seems unlikely . The party , for example , will be hard-pressed to formally disavow trade deals that its leader ( President Barack Obama , not Clinton ) still supports .
`` You ca n't have a platform that will embarrass the president , '' said one prominent Democratic National Committee official .
ASSOCIATED PRESS Sanders ' push for a Democratic platform cast in their image faces pushback from both Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama .
Sanders ' leverage seems limited in other ways as well . The portion of the liberal base that is withholding its support for Clinton has decreased in recent polls . That 's been aided in part by Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( D-Mass . ) endorsing the former secretary of state -- although the Clinton camp believes that 10 percent to 15 percent of Sanders ' supporters were never Democrats to begin with and wo n't vote for Clinton simply because other progressives are on board .
Many of Sanders ' prominent endorsers have switched their support to Clinton as well . And according to Democratic sources , the Clinton campaign has been working behind the scenes to try to limit the prospects of convention chaos : Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook has spoken repeatedly with Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver , in addition to meeting with Sanders ' delegates in Vermont in an attempt to earn their support .
Rendell , who is chairing the convention , said they have also been working with the Sanders campaign to ensure that it has access for a march through the city and a convenient spot to host a rally and demonstration . But even then , they are n't optimistic that the party was gearing up for a serene week .
`` My guess is it wo n't be totally peaceful , '' Rendell said . `` But it will be more peaceful than [ the Republican convention in ] Cleveland . Total low bar , I know . ''
Sanders ' close colleagues say he 's fully aware of the delicate role they will play at the convention .
`` He has clearly thought this thing through , '' said one lawmaker who has worked with him . And they insist that they are sincere in their desire to see Trump lose . That they have not stuck to a timeline that pleases all Clinton supporters is not an act of ego , they argue , but of legitimate policy pursuits and , in some ways , political finesse .
It 's been 5 years since the summit in St Petersburg that first recognised International Tiger Day . However , increased human pressures on the environment mean that a lot more work needs to be done to help pull tigers away from extinction .
International tiger day is an annual event created to both celebrate these fascinating creatures and , perhaps more importantly , to raise awareness of their increasingly dwindling numbers . The 2010 St Petersburg Tiger Summit recognised that due to human influence the tigers are on the brink of extinction and efforts to preserve their disappearing habitat needs to be increased .
Tigers were once abundant across the entire continent of Asia . In the past 100 years , populations of the 6 remaining sub-species have been restricted to fragmented areas across India , China and Southeast Asia due to habitat loss and conflict with humans .
At the summit it was revealed that there were an estimated 3200 tigers left in the wild . Numbers are now thought to have dropped below 3000 in the past 5 years . With populations at an all-time low , things are not looking good for the future of tigers .
Furthermore , a study soon to be published has shown that estimates of tiger numbers in the Sundarbans , Bangladesh may have been overestimated in the 2004 survey . Data collected from animal tracks originally estimated there to be 440 tigers living in the mangroves . A new and more robust method implemented this past year using camera traps has estimated numbers to currently be around 106 tigers , a large decrease in just 10 years .
Despite efforts by the WWF and other wildlife conservation organisations , habitat loss , climate change and conflict with humans still pose a great threat to the tigers . Mangrove forests , such as the Sundarbans which house the largest population of tigers , are at risk of being submerged by rising sea levels as a result of climate change . Wildlife trafficking still remains a critical problem with hunted tigers worth up to $ 50,000 .
IUCN Director General , Inger Andersen , has today released a statement , “ Resolving this human-tiger conflict epitomises the challenge of modern-day conservation . We know what is needed to safeguard tiger populations in the long term . It requires conserving and restoring habitats , carefully monitoring populations , and bringing an end to poaching. ” Ms Andersen also offers encouragement that people should continue to raise awareness of tigers to encourage the desire to help preserve these incredible creatures and the habitat in which they live .
With new challenges and a new set of solutions for this coming year we may , hopefully , see tigers claw their way back from extinction in the near future .
More information on how you can help tigers can be found at www.tigerday.org
Statement by IUCN Director General Inger Andersen- http : //www.iucn.org/ ? 21728/IUCN-celebrates-International-Tiger-Day-2015
Photo captured by Eric Kilby on Flickr – https : //flic.kr/p/mgfav9
New scientist article on overestimated tiger populations in Bangladesh – https : //www.newscientist.com/article/dn27964-only-100-tigers-left-in-bangladesh-after-last-count-got-it-wrong/
RECOGNITION FOR LAST SEASON Simeone , Courtois and Diego Costa , received awards from MARCA The coach received the trophy for best coach , the goalkeeper for conceding the least goals and the striker for the top Spanish scorer of the past League .
MARCA presented their awards for the best of last season in a ceremony held in the Glass Gallery of Madrid 's Council . Simeone , Courtois and Diego Costa received trophies for best coach , least-scored goalkeeper and top national scorer .
Our coach received the Miguel Muñoz award , receiving the baton from the sadly deceased Tito Vilanova . For their part , Thibaut Courtois was once again recognized with the Zamora trophy for the second season in a row . Lastly , Diego Costa won the Zarra award for top national scorer after scoring 26 goals last season .
Image caption David Ward apologised after comments they made in January
Lib Dem MP David Ward has had the party whip withdrawn over comments they made about Israel .
They posted a tweet at the weekend calling the country an `` apartheid state '' and saying that `` Zionists '' were `` losing the battle '' .
It comes after a long-running dispute with the party 's leadership over their use of language and comments they made about `` the Jews '' .
Mr Ward said they would not apologise for their tweet .
The Board of Deputies of British Jews said their suspension from the Lib Dem parliamentary party , which lasts until 13 September , was `` too little , too late '' and `` an empty gesture '' .
'Strength of feeling '
Mr Ward , MP for Bradford East , wrote on their website in January that they were `` saddened that the Jews , who suffered unbelievable levels of persecution during the Holocaust , could within a few years of liberation from the death camps , be inflicting atrocities on Palestinians in the new State of Israel and continue to do so on a daily basis in the West Bank and Gaza '' .
This led to a complaint to the Lib Dems from the Holocaust Educational Trust .
At the weekend , Mr Ward posted a tweet , asking : `` Am I wrong or are am I right ? At long last the # Zionists are losing the battle - how long can the # apartheid State of # Israel last ? ''
Following a meeting on Wednesday with Mr Clegg and chief whip Alistair Carmichael , the party whip was withdrawn until 13 September .
This means they have been expelled from the parliamentary party , although the Commons will rise later on Thursday for the MPs ' summer break , which ends on 2 September .
In a letter to Mr Ward , Mr Carmichael wrote that they had felt `` immense disappointment '' at the latest comments .
They said : `` We were in unanimous agreement that questioning the continued existence of the state of Israel fails the test of language that is 'proportionate and precise ' .
`` We want to be clear with you that in this process we are not concerned about your views and opinions on the policies of present or previous Israeli governments , nor the situation in the Israeli-occupied territories , nor the strength of feeling with which your views are held .
`` As we have sought to impress upon you repeatedly , we are having to decide on whether language you chose to use in January and February , and now this month , is language which brings the party into disrepute or harms the interests of the party . ''
'Regrettable '
Mr Carmichael continued : `` It is also immensely frustrating for us to find ourselves constantly responding to questions about disproportionate and imprecise language from you .
`` These interventions cause considerable offence rather than addressing questions of political substance about the plight of the Palestinian people and the right of Israel 's citizens to live a life free of violence . ''
But , questioned about their tweet at the weekend , Mr Ward said : `` I will not apologise for describing Israel as an 'apartheid state ' . I do n't know how you can describe it as anything else .
`` I am genuinely quite shocked at the reaction to the kind of thing many people say . ''
Mr Ward initially defended the comments they made in January , saying the party 's response - reprimanding them - had been `` regrettable '' , but later apologised for the `` unintended offence '' which their words had caused .
They also insisted that neither they nor their comments had been anti-Semitic .
Mr Ward , who visited the West Bank in December last year , denied in March that they had been ordered by the party leadership to attend `` language classes '' .
Following the withdrawal of the whip , Jonathan Arkush , vice-president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews , said : `` We note that the Liberal Democrats have at last taken some action to address the completely inappropriate and offensive comments that they have made .
`` However , suspension of the whip for just two months when Parliament is not sitting is too little , too late . It is a token and frankly an empty gesture . ''
Karen Pollock , chief executive of the Holocaust Educational Trust , said : `` David Ward has never fully apologised for their comments , which deliberately abused the memory of the Holocaust and caused deep pain and offence .
`` It is about time the whip was withdrawn , but the timing allows Mr Ward to repeat their unacceptable views when Parliament returns in the autumn . ''
The Miami FC NASL Spring Season review : Midfield
The midfield has been The Miami FC 's best weapon this season . Not only can they provide extra bodies on defense in hectic situations , but they have been the key to allowing the forwards to counterattack quickly . Richie Ryan , Dylan Mares , and Michael Lahoud have all shined in the spring season playing different roles in the midfield . This unit has unlocked many of the answers against NASL and U.S. Open Cup opponents . Let 's take a look at the trio 's season so far and their best moments .
Richie Ryan : It 's really easy to overlook Ryan 's importance to this club by just looking at the scoresheet . Ryan has opened countless opportunities ( 17 chances created ) for Miami to put a tally on the scoreboard . Ryan never seems to get the credit as the primary assist man but if we took a page out of the NHL stats sheet , “ The King of Tipperary ” might very well lead the league in assists . Let 's take a look at how their vision and beautiful passing created the two goals necessary to beat the Cosmos on June 24 .
Dylan Mares : With five goals and four assists in all competitions , “ Queso Blanco ” has been the unanswerable question in Miami 's midfield for opponents . The South Florida Surf had no answers for their half-time substitution and they became the catalyst with fantastic passes ( 29/31 ) and work rate to force the Surf to scramble in defense . Almost every goal came off a prior Mares touch . The own goal was actually on a Dylan Mares shot that took a deflection and found its way in the back of the net . Mares ' lone goal on June 3rd would essentially put the nail in the Armada coffin for the spring table .
Michael Lahoud : Although they claim that they ca n't score ( shoot more Mike ! ) , Lahoud provides a physicality and additional vision in the Miami midfield . Finishing the season with 3 assists and a 90.3 % pass conversion rate , Lahoud has been the answer for most of Miami 's few problems this season . Filling in at right back and wearing the armband , their most important assist this season comes from Pinho 's first goal against Orlando .
Machine learning and artificial intelligence is not future but present . Articles in this issue demonstrates it .
News
Kubernetes 1.9 : Apps Workloads GA and Expanded Ecosystem - Kubernetes version 1.9 is Generally Available , with Workloads API enabled by default and Windows support in Beta .
Bringing Cloud ML Engine to more developers with online prediction features and reduced prices - Reducing prices and introducing new features for Cloud ML .
Expanding our partner ecosystem with managed services providers - After Rackspace even more companies are promoted as Managed Service Providers .
Articles , Tutorials
How We Implemented a Fully Serverless Recommender System Using GCP - In depth description with code samples of implementing recommendation ( serverless ) system on Google Cloud Platform .
Predicting social engagement for the world 's news with TensorFlow and Cloud Dataflow : Part 1 - Predicting online conversation about the world 's news on Reddit , using Tensorflow and Cloud Dataflow .
Getting music recommendation groove on with Google Cloud Platform - First article from blog series on topic of recommendation systems and machine learning using of course Google Cloud Platform .
Improving the efficiency of your helpdesk with serverless machine learning - Article describes how it would be possible to use of customer service helpdesk historical data to predict key KPI or fields of a support ticket to handle it in the most efficient way .
A tale of a search of a CEP engine and real time processing framework - Among different possible solutions for Complex Event Processing , Dataflow was also considered .
Real-time forecasts in the cloud : from market feed capture to ML predictions - how to train a machine learning model to predict FX rates using TensorFlow in Google Cloud , with application components running as App Engine services and communicating with each other by publishing messages via Cloud Pub/Sub and by writing data into BigQuery .
How Google protects your data in transit - TLDR : At all levels user 's data are safe .
12 gifts for the security admin in your life - List of tips and resources of how to secure things in your GCP project .
Use labels to gain visibility into GCP resource usage and spending - With labels , it 's possible to group related resources together by adding metadata to resources in the form of key-value pairs . This feature helps enterprises better organize resources , and gain visibility into resource usage and spending .
Extracting value from your logs with Stackdriver logs-based metrics - Some examples how to use Logs-based metrics to identify trends and extract numeric values out of the logs .
Google App Engine Cron Job Monitoring - Adding monitoring of Cron jobs from Google App Engine to Stackdriver .
Detailed Network Monitoring with Stackdriver - In this article process of building the collectd protocols plugin and getting it to work with StackDriver agent is explained .
Three tips for peak Cloud Load Balancing performance - Few tips to help reduce maintenance overhead , improve performance and minimize cost , all at the same time for Cloud Load Balancing .
One year with BigQuery - Thoughts about BigQuery after using it for one year .
State of npm scripts - Analyzing npm script from Github using BigQuery .
What Is Google BigQuery — Eye Popping Features , Scary Fast , Friendly Pricing and Does The Kessel Run In Less Than Twelve Parsecs - List of basic BigQuery features .
How to use Google Cloud Vision API - Introductory text about Google Cloud Vision API
Managing Device State with Google Cloud IoT - Article describes managing device state using Helium and Google Cloud IoT .
Running PostgreSQL on GCE Container VM - Step-by-step tutorial describing how to create and use persistent disk in container on Google Compute Engine .
Solution : Integrating on-premises storage with Google Cloud using an Avere vFXT - Article explains how to use Avere vFXT ( act as network-attached storage ( NAS ) in to compute cloud ) on Google Cloud Platform )
How Kubernetes Load Balancer Services Are Implemented in GKE ( And How To Delete Them ) - Process to delete TCP Load Balancer after deleting GKE cluster .
Agrarian-Scale Kubernetes : Part 1 - 3 parts series walking through cluster creation , deploying web app and creating load balancer .
Agrarian-Scale Kubernetes : Part 2
Agrarian-Scale Kubernetes : Part 3
Kubernetes load-testing Cloud Functions
Firebase : Introducing Bulk User Export and Custom Claims - Explanation of Firebase 's latest SDK updates , namely bulk user export and custom claims .
Puppet and Google Cloud Platform : a year in review - Beside official partnership with Puppet , there also another wave of integrations for Google Cloud Products .
Etsy Announces Move to Google Cloud - Etsy ( e-commerce ) plans to migrate to Google Cloud Platform .
Building tools with GCP to help developers be more efficient - How Rocro Inc. ( subsidiary of Sony Network Communications ) is using Google Cloud Platform to create SaaS products .
Slides , Videos , Audio
# 107 A Year in Review with Francesc Campoy Flores and Greg Wilson
Going API First on the Google Cloud with Connexion
It 's hard to understand why a school would bar a same-sex couple from attending prom… maybe because dancing leads to slow dancing and slow dancing leads to not procreating and that goes against all things good and holy .
But that 's what Lexington Catholic High School in Kentucky did to senior Hope Decker and their date , sophomore Tiffany Wright :
In an email Sunday , Lexington Catholic president Steve Angelucci said , “ As a Catholic high school , we uphold every teaching of the Catholic Church . The policies and procedures of our school reflect those teachings. ” When the couple tried to enter the school 's gymnasium , where the prom was held , they were turned away…
But the students — always smarter than the administrators at these schools — got the last laugh :
Armed with several car stereos and a group of supportive friends , the teens hosted their own prom in the school parking lot , complete with a table stacked with snacks . After the night 's final song under the stars , 108 students signed a letter to the administration criticizing its decision to turn the girls away . … “ We had a wonderful night , and we were surrounded by true friends , ” Wright said . “ I 'll remember it for the rest of my life . ”
Beautiful 🙂
And Wright even got in the perfect response to anything the administrators could say against them :
“ I would understand and respect the school 's decision if they truly upheld church teachings , ” Wright said Sunday night . “ They did n't forbid the entrance of all the couples who 've had premarital sex and all the kids who planned to get drunk after the prom . ”
It did n't happen in the classroom , but the girls and their classmates learned something valuable that night : If you stand together for the right reasons , people will be on your side . Too bad school officials are n't supporting them , but the media sure as hell will be .
The Bordello State
Ahi serva Italia , di dolore ostello , nave sanza nocchiero in gran tempesta , non donna di province , ma bordello !
Quoting Dante is , I admit , the last resort of a scoundrel or at least the indolent scribe . But this one , from Purgatorio , * is too apposite not to use . Roughly translated , it reads , `` Alas enslaved Italy , inn of sorrow , a ship without a helmsman in a great storm , not a queen of their provinces , but a whorehouse . '' It was also the title of a book by Paolo Sylos Labini published posthumously in 2006 ; Sylos Labini was not only one of Italy 's most distinguished economists , but a man of absolute integrity who consistently and very openly refused to compromise with Power ( even `` power '' with a small `` p '' ) . Their last work described , analyzed and criticized the Italy of five years ago . `` Why have we sunk so low ? '' they asked . `` I exhort my fellow citizens to carry out an unflinching critical examination of our civic consciousness if we want to rise from the abyss . '' Their appeal was more or less an economist 's defense of the market economy and its rules , which defend the community against unbridled economic and political power . Italian prime minister and billionaire Silvio Berlusconi 's massive conflicts of interest have made a mockery of these rules .
Today 's Italy has been battered by even more internal storms , as well as the obvious international economic ones ; since then , the prime minister 's residences have become brothels — and not just metaphorically . Above all , the ship of state is close to being rudderless . So I am not the only person in Italy quoting Dante these days .
There has been a lack of clear leadership since the end of July , but over the last fortnight the lack of direction has become paroxysmal . For most of August , Berlusconi threatened elections in order to bring Gianfranco Fini , the rebellious former ally who broke with the prime minister in July and formed their own party , and their followers to heel . Then , as polls showed that the only real winner in an early vote would be Umberto Bossi and the Northern League , which favors autonomy for Italy 's north — and , worse , that there was a good chance that Berlusconi would not win a majority in the Senate — they started backpedaling . These last few days , their public statements once again refer to `` three more years in order to carry out the Great Reforms . '' The immediate aim is to pass a motion supporting a five-point plan concerning the economy , the South , fiscal federalism , justice , and security . The most controversial issue is `` justice , '' which for Berlusconi means giving the immunity from prosecution ( `` in order to get on with the job of governing , '' they say ) . Devolved spending powers are fundamental for the Northern League , but others in the center-right are worried that poorer parts of the country will lose support .
Berlusconi boasts constantly that their personally run foreign policy is the envy of Europe , but the reality is different and as counterproductive as much of their domestic policy . Last week , they used their presence at the Kremlin-organized Global Policy Forum in Yaroslavl , Russia , to take a swipe at Fini ( without naming him ) , saying there were some who had created `` little political businesses '' ( aziendine ) in Italy ; then they made the nth complaint that `` communist judges '' were stopping them and their people from governing ; and finally , to cap their effusive welcome to Libyan dictator Muammar al-Qaddafi two weeks ago , came the remarkable statement that their hosts Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and President Dmitry Medvedev were `` God 's gift to democracy '' ( pity that the Economist had beat them to it with a cartoon showing Putin 's real love of democracy and the press ) . More embarrassing still was the news that one of Libya 's Italian-donated coast guard launches had machine-gunned an Italian fishing boat .
Meanwhile , Berlusconi 's domestic woes are multiplying . The editor of one of their own papers , Vittorio Feltri in Il Giornale , criticized the prime minister this week for being indecisive and lacking leadership . Worse , their personal approval ratings are at 37 percent ( down 4.9 percentage points since June ) , with their People of Freedom Party below 30 percent ( down from 33.2 percent in June and 37.4 percent in the 2008 elections ) , according to an early September Demos poll . We will know whether the `` three more years '' proposal has any chance whatsoever at the end of the month when the Chamber of Deputies , Italy 's lower house of Parliament , debates Berlusconi 's five-point plan and votes on it . In the meantime , the prime minister appears to be on a shopping spree , hoping to pick up independents to make up the loss of defectors to Fini — they need 19 to have a secure majority .
If anyone can pull off this feat , it 's Berlusconi . Given their financial and media resources along with other forms of political patronage , there is little that they can not offer . They have experience in convincing parliamentarians to come over to their side , as recent revelations about the so-called P3 are showing . ( The P3 is an alleged secret cabal whose members were active three years ago in trying to promote Berlusconi 's public and private interests through underhanded means . One allegation holds that in , late 2007 , in another political shopping spree , the P3 began throwing around money and favors in an effort to bring down the left-leaning government of Romano Prodi ; their coalition duly fell apart in January 2008 . ) But the revelations of its moves to oust Prodi are themselves proof of the changes in Italian politics since then . Unlike on similar occasions , when indicted politicians were very tight-lipped , it seems that most of the accused are singing as if they were in La Scala — and suggest rats fleeing from a sinking ship .
It 's a shame Berlusconi is so preoccupied with their own survival , because their country is in big trouble . Italy 's relative decline began almost 20 years ago , when it became clear the economy was not able to face the new challenges of globalization , but every year production figures go down with respect to Europe , and of course China and the other emerging economies . Last week , the OECD — the developed world 's think tank — calculated that the country 's GDP would decline 0.3 percent in the third quarter ( making Italy the only G-7 country with negative growth ) and grow by a miserable 0.1 percent in the fourth quarter . The World Economic Forum reckons that a real recovery has not begun and puts Italy in 48th place for global competitiveness , just behind Lithuania and ahead of Montenegro . Youth unemployment grew to 29.2 percent in May , up 4.7 percentage points from May of last year . Berlusconi 's minister for economic development resigned four months ago and still has not been replaced . And as the school year begins , teachers are on the warpath over budget cuts , as are the police . There are plenty of real issues , but Italy is nave sanza nocchiero , `` a ship without a helmsman . ''
So is Italy once again `` enslaved , '' as Dante lamented 700 years ago ? And is Italy a brothel instead of queen of their own provinces ? A new book by a Princeton University scholar argues that Italy is very much the bordello . In La libertà dei servi , Maurizio Viroli writes that Italy has succeeded `` in the political experiment of transforming , without violence , a democratic republic into a court which has at the centre a feudal
lord surrounded by a plethora of courtesans admired and envied by a multitude of people with a servile spirit . ''
In Verdi 's Rigoletto , the protagonist curses the courtesans with their wonderful aria `` Cortigiani , vil razza dannata ! '' but today it is the courtesans who are in control . Even Fedele Confalonieri , probably Berlusconi 's best friend and closest associate , described them in 2004 as `` an enlightened despot … a good Ceausescu , but decidedly anomalous as a democratic politician . '' Six years later , with a changed electoral system that makes all parliamentarians beholden to them and a new , enlarged party completely under their control , the quote is even more apt .
Last week , a center-right deputy in Fini 's group accused some of their fellow MPs of having prostituted themselves to get into Parliament . They withdrew the statement immediately ( even though a deputy from Berlusconi 's party said that they saw nothing untoward if anyone had ) , but in any case Veronica Lario , Berlusconi 's second wife , and the Fini think tank FareFuturo had made the same point in April of last year . The real point , though , is that the problem is not that some women got into Parliament through a bedroom ; it is that men and women , journalists and professionals , have given up their minds and principles rather than their bodies .
Dante is oft quoted here for good reason .
* The original version of this article stated that the quote at the top of this article was from Dante 's Inferno .
Image caption Arizona 's legislation requiring immigrants to carry their papers sparked widespread protests .
Arizona 's police force has become the latest victim of hacker group LulzSec .
About 700 confidential documents belonging to the Arizona Department of Public Safety ( AZDPS ) were stolen and published online .
The cache includes e-mails , memos and training manuals as well as intelligence bulletins detailing work with informants .
The group said it had targeted AZDPS because of a controversial state law designed to stop illegal immigration .
`` We are aware of computer issues , '' Steve Harrison , a spokesperson for the force told Reuters . `` We 're looking into it . And of course we 're taking additional security safeguards . ''
Sabotage
On 24 June , Lulzsec announced that it was putting 400MB of documents on the Pirate Bay file-sharing website via a short message on its Twitter feed and a statement on its website .
It said that AZDPS had been targeted because of its role in upholding the Support Our Law Enforcement and Safe Neighborhoods Act , also known as SB1070 .
The legislation , passed in 2010 , forces legal aliens to carry their ID documents at all times . It also obliges Arizona police to check those papers when they have a reasonable suspicion that a person may be there illegally .
As a border state , Arizona is particularly affected by illegal immigration . However , critics believe that SB1070 amounts to racial profiling .
Terror targets
Also included in the LulzSec document cache is a PowerPoint presentation about the potential vulnerability of ferries to attack by terrorists , lists of trends in suspicious incidents and a report that drug gangs are using scouts on horseback to evade capture .
The theft is part of an initiative Lulzsec kicked off last week called Antisec which is aimed at taking confidential documents from governments , the military and law enforcement agencies .
It plans to release a batch of stolen files every week to `` purposefully sabotage their efforts to terrorize communities fighting an unjust 'war on drugs ' . ''
In recent months Lulzsec has carried out attacks on a wide range of targets and has taken down the websites of the US Senate , the CIA and the UK 's Serious Organised Crime Agency .
The Corporation 's Steam Client Once Again Takes Heat , This Time For “ Geo-Blocking ”
Valve presents just one of six game companies under investigation by the European Commission . Those also include Capcom , Focus Home Interactive , Bandai Namco , and ZeniMax ; their beefs , breaching European Union Antitrust Laws . Apparently , they have been party to “ geo-blocking ” practices .
All six companies have come under scrutiny in Europe through the matter of game-activation keys . As is the intended purpose of game keys , they are purchased alongside a game so that players can prove ownership , i.e . anti-piracy . Thus , players validate their physical copies . However , we have redistributors like Kinguin who net these keys and redistribute them ; a practice that hurts the publisher yet grants gamers cheaper alternatives .
The Commission 's problem with these keys , as of now , is that they 're limited to activation within certain countries . You can not take or redistribute game copies across borders . As you can imagine , this limits consumers and competition . These “ geo-blocking ” practices pigeonhole gamers into accepting local prices . Whether or not other Union members can offer better deals is irrelevant when Valve nullifies product viability based on geography . Hence , the EU suspects a violation as “ geo-blocking ” is detrimental to the continental market .
Valve 's Steam client sits as the main culprit in this investigation , while the other five companies are involved through bilateral trade agreements . And as of yet , we do not know how long the investigation shall last . Expect more updates as they come .
This is n't the first time Valve has come under fire for “ anti-consumer practices. ” Last year the company was hit with an Australian lawsuit on account of their user agreement and poor/lack of refund policies on Steam . How much more fire they can take , that 's anyone 's guess . But what do you , the consumer , think ? Feel free to comment down below and let us know your thoughts .
SOURCE
Physician Burnout Vs . The Bottom Line : The Epic Battle
The wave of consolidation sweeping healthcare in the US is causing wholesale collapse of private practice in many markets . Physicians are trading in their practices for employee status in rapidly growing provider networks usually based on a local hospital system .
Let me show you how this move sets up an invisible Battle that will determine your quality of life … and how to restore Balance as an employee physician .
As the ink dries on your new contract with MegaHealthCorp , realize you have just entered into a ceaseless battle with forces you do n't recognize until you are firmly in place as an employee . The week-to-week skirmishes in this battle will determine a number of things :
- Your quality of life
- The quality of your practice
- Your level of stress and burnout
- And how much of you is left when you get home after a day in the office or hospital
I am talking about the hidden Battle Between Physician Burnout and the Bottom Line
You might not see these two as intimately connected at the moment ... I assure you they are . And there is a third factor in play ... the new Referees . These Referees are the ones who set the rules under which the clash occurs ... rules they make up and you must obey .
Now the referees are your CEO and your immediate supervisor but it did n't use to be that way .
In Private Practice :
You or a committee of your peers would set policies , call schedules , reimbursement formulas ... all the rules under which you would see patients and ( hopefully ) turn a profit in your business .
With physicians as referees in the battle ... you had an intimate understanding of the stress and burnout these systems caused . You made sure things did not get too out of whack ... that you did not ask too much of the people in the system .
And in private practice , your ability to change things was in your hands ... you could move quickly when things did not go as planned or the systems began to take a toll on you and your people .
As an Employee :
You are no longer a referee in this battle . You traded in your ability to set the rules of the game and now you are simply a Pawn inside a bureaucracy .
In many cases , the ultimate referees are not even doctors and have never taken care of a single patient .
Policies and procedure decisions are now made with a single consideration ... Profit / The Bottom Line ... often with complete ignorance or disregard of the workplace stress and burnout these decisions cause .
The Battle is On
And I can say from working with hundreds of overstressed physicians this year alone ... that the ultimate winner of this battle is unclear at this moment .
It does not matter whether your CEO or immediate supervisor are simply unaware of the working conditions in the front line or actively do not care about the health of the providers ... the results are the same ; overstressed and burned out doctors and other providers reduced to simply complaining about the way things have changed and their apparent inability to control their work day .
This does not have to be a Battle at all
What is needed is Balance
The only way to create a healthy organization in healthcare is to trade in the current BATTLE for a consciously crafted BALANCE between these three interests .
1 ) Profit
2 ) Quality Patient Care
3 ) The Health and Happiness of the Providers in the system
The Laws of Physician Energy are clear . You ca n't give what you aint got .
If your energy levels - physically , emotionally , spiritually - are below zero , you can not be available for your patients , your care quality and patient satisfaction will suffer , your quality of life will be poor and your family will bear the brunt .
The health of the providers must be taken into consideration when making decisions on work flow issues in the front lines .
This is the source of the Balance we are all seeking .
NOTE :
When I use the work `` providers '' here I mean everyone in the organization , from the front line docs , nurses , PA 's , NP 's , MA 's , receptionists , NA 's all the way through your administrative staff and the leadership team .
If your organization is not focused on the health of your people ... how in the world can you promote and support health in your patients .
Who Will Power this Shift ?
It has to be the Physicians
We are the only ones who can see the whole system in play on a day-to-day basis . The organizations where the Battle between Burnout and the Bottom Line is hurting the providers ... are the ones with the largest physician leadership vacuum .
If ethical , responsible physicians with clinical experience are not well represented at the Board Table in your organization ... you are in trouble .
Example :
I have seen organizations of over 350 physicians ... formed in just the last five years ... with a single physician representing them to the Board . Many of the doctors in this group have never had a one on one conversation with this CMO . That is the definition of a physician leadership vacuum .
If the physicians can not organize , install a functional leadership structure independent of the administration org chart ... and take their rightful place at the Board Table to exercise meaningful influence over the key decisions going forward
... you will be stuck fighting the Battle instead of creating the Balance that is required .
The Conundrum
All is not lost .
In my experience , most non-physician administrators would much rather deal with a strong physician leadership team . One that
- represents the doctors and speaks for them
- comes to the board table with solid positions and requests for support
- speaks frankly about the conditions in the front lines and the clinical implications of policies being discussed
This kind of solid leadership is much preferable to their current experience of trying to get the `` herd of cats '' that is their physician employee pool to quit whining and come to the leadership meetings .
The Bandwidth Issue :
I want to be completely honest with you here . In order to move from Battle to Balance , you will have to participate in leadership activities that are in addition to your patient care responsibilities . In most cases you will not be compensated either … until you have a seat at the board table and can make sure leadership is valued and fairly compensated in your organization .
This is an investment in a better future for you and your colleagues in the front lines . If you are feeling called to action by this article , I hope you have the bandwidth to take it on .
First Steps to Balance
a ) If you have a meaningful physician leadership structure ...
participate in the committees , give your opinion , offer to represent your department up the chain of command , stay in touch with your colleagues .
b ) If you do not have an existing structure ...
it is time to organize your physicians . It all starts with you and your department . Do you have a monthly staff meeting ? If not , start one now . Get your people to take on the issues you are seeing in your work day . When you need support from above ... ask for it clearly and as a representative of your wing or department . Get the physicians in your group in other departments to do the same . Create a wing/department meeting structure and grow your physician leadership team from the inside out . When you are ready , ask for a seat at the decision making committee table in your organization .
It is up to the doctors to lead Healthcare to the Balance that will assure the survival of your organization and the health of the doctors and everyone else inside the system .
The time to act is now or this Battle will just keep raging - and you know which side will ultimately Win .
[ please contact me for specific recommendations on how to get started ]
=======================
Please Leave a Comment
Quite different , right ? After posting the announcement I got several responses , a few product photographers told me that the image may not be good because not all the details of the watch are visible . Partially because of this , but mainly because I was experimenting , we did more catalog-like version of the final image during the LIVE masterclass .
I personally like both versions : each one represents a different approach to the task . First one ( for the announcement ) is more advertisement-like and has more drama in it . To make an interesting photo of the product , more dramatic look is preferable , IMO . The one we had done during the masterclass has an overall more classic look : more details of the product is visible , the photo looks more “ polished , it may look the best in the catalog… Curious , what is your favorite ? : - )
Now , the video .
Originally the plan was to host free broadcasting events , with only the recorded and cleaned videos from those events offered for sale . We also were thinking to have both , the shoot and a post-production video packed together , so it would be a complete “ how it was done ” masterclass-like package .
However , during my work on the video from this masterclass , I found that it will be impossible to get the video and sound clean and polished the way I expected it to be for a paid version of the masterclass . During the broadcast we had a problem with the sound ( solved now with a fairly good lavaliere mic system ) , and I was not able to fix all of them during the post-production . Also , working on a LIVE event , many technical interruptions did not give me a chance to create the video I imagined having .
This was the bad news .
The good news is that I 've decided to release the video for free , and have a post-production in a separate video . Everything at no cost for you , my fellow readers ; - )
I simply ca n't ask money for the raw product , even if it still has a good value in it , it simply does not fit in our business model .
However , we fixed the sound as much as we could and cleaned the video , leaving only the most valuable information . This helped us reduce the length to about 65 % of the total time we spend in the class . I am sure the video will be very interesting for those who are into product photography , and also will be good as a my self-promotion .
I also have learned that with my current speaker 's skills , I would be better not to mix video tutorials ( they will be paid ) and free broadcast events . As many of you , I feel much more comfortable working with camera in stop-and-go way rather than work and talk live , online .
So , here it is . Enjoy :
The Post-Production video ( about 3.5 hours compressed to fit in less than 40 minutes ) is in a final phase of development , post is in the pro corner of Photigy as well .
Under the new law , Ukrainians who hold a biometric passport will be able to enter the EU without a visa for 90 days in any 180-day period , for tourism , to visit relatives or friends , or for business purposes , but not to work . The exemption applies to all EU countries , except Ireland and the UK , plus Iceland , Liechtenstein , Norway and Switzerland .
“ Ukraine has achieved all the benchmarks , so the visa requirement should be lifted ” , noted rapporteur for the proposal Mariya Gabriel ( EPP , BG ) , adding that the visa waiver will be “ another very strong message that Ukraine is a key partner for the European Union in the Eastern Partnership ” .
The legislation , approved by 521 votes to 75 with 36 abstentions , still needs to be formally adopted by the Council of Ministers . It is likely to enter into force in June , 20 days after it is published in the EU Official Journal .
Before exempting Ukrainians from visa requirements , the EU strengthened the visa waiver suspension mechanism , to allow visas to be reintroduced more easily in exceptional cases .
Procedure : Ordinary legislative procedure , first reading agreement
When Dell 's XPS 13 hit it out of the park , it was only a matter of time before the company applied the same winning formula to another laptop . That time came early Thursday , when the company unwrapped the XPS 15 .
No surprise , the XPS 15 looks like a bigger XPS 13 , with the same InfinityEdge superslim bezel that makes it the “ smallest 15-inch on the planet , ” according to Dell .
Along with the bigger iteration , Dell also upgraded the entire product line to Intel 's latest Skylake CPUs and built in a few more new toys .
Why this matters : The XPS 13 was arguably one of the best Ultrabooks of this year . Adding the XPS 15 gives power users more screen real estate , but the new Skylake CPUs are the biggest and best news , for both performance and battery life .
Dell Yup , the XPS 15 is like a big XPS 13 . Dell claims it 's the smallest 15-incher around .
All the latest gewgaws
We essentially got a preview of the XPS 15 with the company 's Precision line , aimed at corporate users . Externally they 're nearly the same , but there are key differences inside .
Intel 's latest Skylake CPU gets inside the entire product lineup , with the the dual-core Core i3-6100H in the base configuration . In the middle , you 'll get the quad-core Core i5-6300HQ , while the quad-core Core i7-6700HQ rides on top .
For RAM , Dell skips the slower DDR3L in favor of DDR4 , with up to 32GB of RAM . Graphics options include Intel integrated graphics or up to a GeForce GTX 960m with 2GB of GDDR5 . Storage options include an M.2 PCIe SSD or a hybrid drive .
Dell The lid and bottom are brushed aluminum with the keyboard deck using carbon fiber weave .
Dell said it 's particularly proud of the panel it uses , which varies from 1920x1080 to a full UHD 4K monitor . The 4K panel is an IGZO display that 's been certified to meet the 100-percent Adobe RGB color gamut . Dell said that means it 'll always meet the Adobe RGB color gamut , even at lower or higher brightness levels . Most Adobe RGB-rated panels use an average that hits the full gamut only at a certain brightness . The maximum brightness on the 4K XPS 15 will be 350 nits .
For battery life , Dell says it 'll hit 11 to 16 hours on its internal tests . The nifty trick is the battery size . On units that use an M.2 SSD , the company uses the extra space from the empty drive bay for battery . The company said laptops with hard drives will come standard with a 56 watt-hour battery , while units with M.2 SSD drives get 84 watt-hour cells .
The real surprise for the product line is full Thunderbolt 3.0 . Dell integrated Intel 's Alpine Ridge Thunderbolt 3.0 controller , giving full USB 3.1 transfer speeds through a USB-C port .
The XPS 15 will feature aggressive pricing down to $ 999 , but there are compromises at that price . A thousand bucks gets you a dual-core Core i3 , integrated graphics , 8GB of RAM , a 1920x1080 screen and a 500GB hard drive . Going to $ 1,200 gets you an upgrade to a quad-core Core i5 chip , 1920x1080 screen , GeForce graphics and a 1TB hybrid drive .
You do n't get the Ultra HD until you get to $ 1,600 , which nets you the quad-core Core i5 chip , hybrid hard drive and GeForce graphics .
Dell says the XPS 15 will be 14.06 inches wide and 9.27 inches deep , varying from 0.45 to 0.66 inches at its thickest section . With the smaller battery it 'll weight about 3.9 pounds , 4.4 with the larger battery .
Let the ruler contest begin . Apple 's current MacBook Pro is listed at 14.13 inches wide , 9.73 inches deep and 0.71 inches thick with a weight of 4.49 lbs . That 's kind of a wash in my book but maybe side-by-side it 'll seem different . The Dell 's panel is slightly bigger , at 15.6 inches vs. the MBP15 's 15.4 .
Dell The updated XPS 13 gets Skylake and Thunderbolt 3.0 and yes , they do look alike do n't they ?
The XPS 13 gets an interior redesign
Dell gives some love to the much-admired XPS 13 , but all the makeover is inside.The main one is the upgrade from Intel 's Broadwell CPU line to the latest Skylake CPU line . That means Core i5 and Core i7 dual-core CPUs . Another upgrade is out-of-the-box support for M.2 PCIe SSDs up to 1TB in capacity . Dell also increased the battery capacity slightly from 52 watt hours to 56 watt hours by using a denser battery .
For the cherry on the sundae , Dell now says the XPS 13 can hit an 18-hour run time plus an additional 7 hours using its rechargeable power brick . How exactly Dell pulls this off and what the tests are I do n't know but it has my curiosity piqued . Are these internal tests ? How bright was the screen ?
From my conversations with other OEMs , the battery boost from Broadwell to Skylake is n't much . We 'll benchmark it as soon as we get a loaner unit .
CONCACAF 2018 WCQ Hexagonal Stage Playoff Chances USA +41.7 , Panama -41.4 Add your own league
Points Chance Will Make Playoffs
Explain
Big Games
Who should we root for ? Explain
Week of 10/6 USA 4 Panama 0 Fri 100.0 * Chance in playoffs 100.0 * Advance to Next Stages 100.0 * Average seed Costa Rica +0.0 USA +36.5 +9.1 +0.5 Panama -35.8 -7.7 -0.5 Honduras -0.7 -1.3 T & T No Costa Rica 1 Honduras 1 Fri 100.0 * Chance in playoffs 100.0 * Advance to Next Stages 100.0 * Average seed Costa Rica In -0.0 USA -0.5 -0.3 Panama -7.4 -0.1 Honduras +0.5 +7.7 +0.1 Mexico 3 T & T 1 Fri 100.0 * Chance in playoffs 100.0 * Advance to Next Stages 100.0 * Average seed Mexico +0.0 Costa Rica -0.0 T & T vs USA If winner is : Home Draw Away Tue 100.0 * Chance in playoffs 100.0 * Advance to Next Stages 100.0 * Average seed USA 61.8 94.1 In 96.0 100.0 Yes 3.4 3.1 3.0 Panama 26.8 5.1 Out 72.6 71.8 71.8 4.0 4.2 4.3 Honduras 11.4 0.8 Out 31.5 28.2 28.2 4.6 4.7 4.7 Panama vs Costa Rica Home Draw Away Tue 100.0 * Chance in playoffs 100.0 * Advance to Next Stages 100.0 * Average seed USA 79.4 97.5 97.5 97.7 Yes Yes 3.2 3.0 3.0 Panama 20.0 Out Out 97.8 85.3 49.3 3.8 4.1 4.5 Honduras 0.6 2.5 2.5 4.6 14.7 50.7 4.9 4.8 4.5 Honduras vs Mexico Home Draw Away Tue 100.0 * Chance in playoffs 100.0 * Advance to Next Stages 100.0 * Average seed USA 81.7 94.4 94.4 95.6 Yes Yes 3.2 3.1 3.1 Panama 4.8 5.6 5.6 23.4 53.3 92.0 4.7 4.4 4.0 Honduras 13.5 Out Out 81.0 46.7 8.0 4.1 4.5 4.9
A federal judge is slamming the door on RealNetworks ' argument the Hollywood studios are a `` price-fixing cartel '' that illegally prevent the distribution of DVD-duplicating wares .
The Seattle-based electronics concern made the anti-trust argument in a failed bid to convince U.S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel in San Francisco to lift a distribution ban ( .pdf ) of its RealDVD software . It allows consumers to make copies of DVDs to hard drives .
The Motion Picture Association of America and others sued RealNetworks more than a year ago , claiming the software is illegal because it circumvents technology designed to prevent copying .
Patel 's decision means that , at least for the foreseeable future , it remains unlawful in the United States to market devices that copy DVDs . Despite a huge black market for them , the MPAA feared that under a contrary ruling it would lose control of the DVD as the music industry did the CD . CDs were not encrypted and protected by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
`` Real 's purported injury stems from its own decision to manufacture and traffic in a device that is almost certainly illegal under the DMCA , '' Patel , who was the judge in the Napster case , wrote late Friday .
Paradoxically , the courts have never squarely addressed whether individuals have the `` fair use '' right to duplicate their own DVDs . Lawsuits have targeted the makers of copying services , not individuals making backup copies of their discs .
RealNetworks claimed the MPAA unlawfully conspired to prevent competition with the implementation of a CSS code licensed to DVD-player manufacturers – a code that is the key to unscramble Hollywood 's encrypted DVDs .
The CSS code is licensed to DVD-player manufacturers , so electronic companies can acquire the keys to unscramble Hollywood 's encrypted DVDs . The code is designed to prevent unauthorized copying of movie discs .
The judge said RealNetworks breached the CSS and other anti-circumvention technologies affixed to DVDs , and hence had no standing to even bring the anti-trust allegations .
`` The court holds that Real has failed to allege a plausible anti-trust injury . Even if Real were free to circumvent CSS technology , RealDVD would have been enjoined due to its circumvention of non-CSS encryption devices , '' Patel wrote .
Patel 's decision last year blocking RealNetworks from selling its software is on appeal . A decision is not expected for about a year .
RealNetworks declined comment .
Photo : john_a_ward
See Also :
PATTAYA : A 33-year-old man has learned a painful and embarrassing lesson after an experiment with penis rings went terribly wrong .
After-the-fact evidence
Identified only as Moss , the man had to seek help after the two rings they had attached caused the organ to swell painfully and they were unable to remove them himself .
They went to Pattaya City Hospital to see if the staff there could handle the consequences of their bold decision . Doctors tried in vain to remove the rings and finally had to call rescue workers from the Sawang Boriboon Foundation to handle the delicate procedure .
The rescue experts used a small metal sheet to shield the organ and very carefully applied a cutting tool to break the rings open .
The relieved patient thanked their rescuers for their help and went away in considerably less pain than when they arrived . They did not tell them why they had put the rings on .
When you hear NFL pundits say the Broncos defense is winning games , you may take it as a figure of speech . “ Oh , the defense is playing really well again , ” one may think .
But it 's no mantra , it 's a reality .
Denver 's defense has scored four touchdowns this season , which ranks second in the league ( the Chiefs have five ) . In addition to the scores that they 've created themselves , the Broncos defense has helped the offense score 103 points off turnovers through 13 weeks , 24 more points than the next closest team ( Kansas City ) , according to Sporting Charts .
That 's a remarkably high number .
As a team , Denver has scored 286 points this year . That means the defense has been responsible for scoring or setting up 36 percent of the team 's points . Over the last two seasons , the team is 9-0 when the defense has scored , according to KMGH-TV 's Troy Renck . They 've also won an NFL-best 29 consecutive games when winning the turnover battle , according to team PR man Patrick Smyth .
The Broncos have 12 interceptions ( tied for the fifth-most ) and 14 forced fumbles through 12 games . The points they 're scoring off those turnovers has kept them in the playoff race . Last year , Denver proved the cliché true that defense wins championships .
The defense is on pace to win them another championship in 2016 .
NEW YORK -- For San Diego Padres centerfielder Will Venable , this week 's series against the Mets has been a bit of a homecoming for him .
Venable , a former two-sport star at Princeton , played basketball aside from baseball at the Ivy League school before getting drafted by the Padres ten years ago .
Venable said they love playing by the area they went to college and looks forward to every trip the Padres take to New York .
`` I love the Northeast , '' Venable told NJ Advance Media before Wednesday 's game against the Mets . `` It 's always nice to come back up here . It 's different from being in California all the time so it 's a nice change of pace . ''
Venable , a seven-year veteran whose currently batting .247 this season with six home runs and 23 RBI has been a potential trade target for many teams , including the Mets . The centerfielder said as their big league career has continued through the years , he 's learned to block out the trade rumors since they usually do n't carry much weight .
`` I think you just realize you get to a certain point in your career where you 're about to be a free agent and you 're just kind of thrown into the list of possible trade candidates , '' they said . `` Until something that happens it 's all just talk . ''
ALSO : MLB trade rumors : Mets 'have their sights clearly on a big bat , ' per report
Venable added that their agent told them he 'd call if anything picked up regarding their status on the market but said their phone has been silent so far .
Despite interest from the Mets and other teams Venable said they have a preference with the trade deadline . He 'd like to remain where they are .
`` My preference is to be with the Padres , '' they said . `` This is all I know . I 've been with the organization since I got drafted in 2005 and I 'm comfortable here . I know everyone here , I love San Diego , I want to be a Padre . ''
Alex Schiffer may be reached at aschiffer @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ theschiffman . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
We 'd be really excited , if we were n't a little bit scared too .
Standing nearly 8-feet tall and stretching 19-feet in total length , the six-wheeled Mercedes-Benz G63 AMG 6x6 is like nothing else on the road .
And the fact Mercedes-Benz announced via Facebook that this behemoth is rolling around New York and New Jersey has us scratching our heads ( and looking over our shoulders ) .
Is the German automaker planning on bringing this beast stateside ? Only a handful were supposedly going to be built .
And with a price that crests $ 600,000 , we 're not sure who the target audience might be .
Frustrated SLS AMG Gullwing fans who long for a Peterbilt tractor-trailer ?
You can bet we 'll stay hot on the ( XXL-sized ! ! ! ) heels of their mega machine as it thunders through the New York area !
A 536-horsepower biturbo V-8 engine hauls the G63 AMG 6x6 from zero to 60 mph in 7.8 seconds , according to Mercedes-Benz ' stopwatch . ( Mercedes-Benz USA )
Six wheels and 37-inch tires mean ground clearance is , ern , most definitely not going to be a problem . ( Mercedes-Benz USA )
Unless you 're driving a dump-truck or city bus , this is guaranteed to be your view of the G63 AMG 6x6 - if you 're brave enough to get in its way ! ( Mercedes-Benz USA )
How many owners do you think are going to head to Home Depot ? Yea , we doubt it too . But if Mercedes tosses us the keys , we 're making the ultimate run to IKEA ! ( Mercedes-Benz USA )
Mercedes let the secret out that the G63 AMG 6x6 is rumbling through the New York area . Call it a really solid educated guess , but we think this all has something to do with the impending debut of the C63 AMG sedan ( seen here parked next to the almighty G63 ! ) . ( Mercedes-Benz USA )
This week also happens to kick off Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week here in NYC . Hey , if you 're going to make an impression on the catwalk , you might as well go BIG . ( Mercedes-Benz USA )
Mercedes had planned on only building a handful of these outrageous beasties . Could U.S. sales now be around the corner for the G63 AMG 6x6 ? ( Mercedes-Benz USA )
The G63 AMG 6x6 has five , count 'em , five locking differentials . This thing makes a Jeep Wrangler look like a Tonka toy . ( Mercedes-Benz USA )
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing !
Did you find this article helpful ? If so , please share it using the `` Join the Conversation '' buttons below , and thank you for visiting Daily News Autos .
Researchers implanted a wireless device into a paralyzed monkey 's brain to restore movement and help them walk . Capogrosso et al .
Paralysis was once thought to be a permanent condition , marked by broken signals between the brain and spinal cord that could never be fixed . But in the past few years , a better understanding of the brain 's neural wiring has allowed scientists to toy with the idea that this permanent condition can indeed be treated by restoring movement in lost areas . Now , researchers have taken another step forward : A new , tiny wireless device , implanted into a paralyzed monkey , allowed it to regain control of previously paralyzed areas of its legs , enabling it to walk again . This success represents another step in the path to creating similar devices for humans .
The implant used in the experiment , shown next to a silicon model of a primate brain . Alain Herzog / EPFL
When a person becomes paralyzed , most – but not all – of the neurons that help signal muscles to move are broken . This keeps the brain from being able to send signals to certain muscle groups telling them to move . But if the body had a way of strengthening the few intact neurons , they might be able to do the heavy lifting themselves and restore the ability to move . In the new study , researchers implanted tiny wireless devices into the brains of two monkeys that had been purposefully paralyzed -- each lost the use of a hind leg . The device recorded electrical signals from the brain 's motor cortex , which controls movement , and sent them to a computer . The computer then translated those signals into a language that electrodes -- connected to a group of neurons in the spinal cord -- could understand . Their work was published this week in the journal Nature .
Last Saturday , Romania implemented a law requiring self-employed citizens to pay a 16 % income tax and to contribute to social service programs . Witches , who count as self-employed workers , are n't thrilled and are hexing the government en masse .
From AP :
Angry witches are using cat excrement and dead dogs to cast spells on the president and government who are forcing them to pay taxes . Also in the eye of the taxman are fortune tellers , who should have seen it coming . And President Traian Basescu is n't laughing it off . In a country where superstition is mainstream , the president and their aides wear purple on Thursdays , allegedly to ward off evil spirits . Witches from Romania 's eastern and western regions will descend to the southern plains and the Danube River Thursday to threaten the government with spells and spirits . Mauve has a high vibration , it makes the wearer superior and wards off evil attacks , according to the esoteric group Violet Flame - which practices on Thursdays .
Advertisement
I 'm no expert in paranormal law , but I 'm pretty sure psychics ( and the occasional neighborhood spell caster ) have their income taxed over here in the States ( or simply conduct their affairs under the table ) . Still , the United States does n't have a popular tradition of witchcraft — the 2009 Romanian presidential loser alleged that Basescu 's reelection team sabotaged their campaign with negative energy and the strategic usage of purple clothing . ( See , this is why Congress is always at loggerheads . Everyone 's firing their negative energies off willy-go-nilly , and nobody 's wearing fuschia to gain the upper hand . )
Also , I ca n't remember the last time my Congressman was threatened with a potion made of cat poop and dead dog parts . Said queen witch ( and horror stew brewer ) Bratara Buzea of Romania 's tax evasion troubles , `` They want to take the country out of this crisis using us ? They should get us out of the crisis because they brought us into it . ''
[ Photo credit : AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda ]
John David Battaglia . ( Texas Department of Criminal Justice via AP )
Just hours before a Texas man convicted of killing their two young daughters was set to be executed , a federal appeals court on Wednesday halted the the lethal injection to allow the inmate time to argue that they are not mentally competent . State officials said they did not plan to appeal the stay .
Texas had intended to execute John David Battaglia on Wednesday , nearly 14 years after they were first sentenced to death . According to a summary of the case from the office of Ken Paxton , the Texas attorney general , Battaglia killed their daughters — Mary Faith , 9 , and Liberty , 6 — by firing a volley of bullets at both girls while their ex-wife listened on the phone .
After shooting each girl multiple times , Battaglia went to a bar with their girlfriend and then a tattoo parlor for tattoos related to each girl , Paxton 's office said . Battaglia was arrested outside the tattoo parlor .
In a 2014 interview with the Dallas Morning News , Battaglia said they were “ a little bit in the blank ” about the shooting , and added : “ I do n't feel like I killed them . ”
[ The U.S. saw fewer executions and death sentences in 2015 than it has in decades ]
An attorney filed an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court last week , writing that Battaglia is incompetent to be executed , citing psychiatrists who diagnosed them with bipolar disorder as well as Battaglia 's legal filings showing that they believe “ separate conspiracies somehow converged to form some super-conspiracy to kill their daughters and have them executed. ” ( In this filing , the attorney noted they had not agreed to represent Battaglia unless they were appointed by a court ; Battaglia had asked the court to appoint this attorney . )
In response , Paxton 's office wrote that Battaglia 's stay request should not be granted , arguing that their mental-health records do not show that they “ is mentally ill , delusional , divorced from reality , on psychiatric medication , or otherwise does not comprehend their imminent execution . ”
Battaglia had appealed to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas for new legal counsel and a stay of execution , but was denied on both counts .
[ Mentally ill Texas man convicted of murder becomes ninth person executed in U.S. this year ]
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit reversed that on Wednesday , determining that Battaglia had “ effectively lacked counsel to prepare their claim of incompetency . ”
In its opinion Wednesday , a three-judge panel of the appeals court said that because Battaglia 's attorney did not believe their work extended to state competency proceedings , Battaglia is correct in saying they were essentially abandoned on this count .
The appeals court called the situation “ a rare circumstance , ” but said Battaglia “ has presented some evidence of mental illness and delusions ” and determined that new legal representation needs time to try to present their claim that they are not competent .
A spokesperson for Paxton said Wednesday afternoon that the state would not be appealing the stay decision .
Further reading :
Utah will keep the death penalty after all
‘ It was fundamentally unfair . ' A prosecutor apologizes for their role in putting an innocent man on death row
Florida revamps its death penalty after the Supreme Court struck it down
Attorney Andrew Seidel takes issue with those suggesting prayer is what 's needed most in Brussels right now . If you 'd like to respond in a meaningful way , there are other options :
To everyone who suggests that we pray for ‪ # ‎Brussels‬ , more religion is not the answer to this problem . And while those prayers might make you feel good , that 's all they are doing . Instead , try donating to a charity , like the Red Cross or Doctors Without Borders/ Médecins Sans Frontières ( MSF ) , that actually gets on the ground and helps people . Or donate to an anti-extremist charity the Maajid Nawaz 's Quilliam Foundation and help fight what is likely the cause of these attacks . Pray if you must , but in addition to action , not as a substitute , and do n't expect much from your prayers . Religion is not the solution , it 's the problem . ‪ # ‎PrayForBrussels‬ ? Not so much .
You can donate to the Red Cross in Belgium and Doctors Without Borders at those links . There are also groups like the Foundation For Peace which offers long-term support ( counseling , etc . ) for victims of these attacks and others like it . Here 's the Quilliam Foundation , too .
And just because it needs to be said : This is not suggesting Islam alone is to blame for the terrorist attacks . ( Obviously many , many Muslims condemn what took place in the name of their faith . ) But Islam is one hell of a potent ingredient in the mix and its holy writings ca n't be ignored in any future discussion of motives .
Ali A. Rizvi put it well :
Britain is operating a secret listening station at its embassy in Vienna , Austria 's ORF public broadcaster has claimed .
The broadcaster has released pictures of a small shed-like structure on the roof of the Vienna embassy , which it says conceals sophisticated antennas .
The site is used by GCHQ to monitor Austrian mobile phone networks and other communications , according to the ORF .
The claim comes two years after the disclosure that Britain operates a similar eavesdropping facility at its embassy in Berlin caused a diplomatic row with Germany .
Vienna is thought to be an important location for signals intelligence because it is home to several UN agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) .
It also serves as headquarters for the Opec oil cartel and the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , which has been involved in monitoring the crisis in Ukraine .
The US operates three similar eavesdropping sites at various locations around the city , including its embassy roof , according to the ORF .
The structure at the British embassy has been in place for some years , undercover as a “ maintenance shed ” , the broadcaster claimed .
The report comes amid a diplomatic row over allegations Germany 's BND intelligence service spied on Austria on behalf of the US National Security Agency ( NSA ) .
Last week the Austrian government filed a legal complaint against an unnamed party over “ secret intelligence to the detriment of Austria ” .
Disclosures in 2013 that the NSA listened in to Angela Merkel 's mobile phone calls caused a rift between Germany and the US .
But in recent weeks Mrs Merkel 's government has been rocked by allegations that the BND spied on a number of European targets for the NSA , including senior French officials .
Britain is part of the Five Eyes intelligence-sharing network , together with the US , Canada , Australia and New Zealand , and GCHQ works closely with the NSA .
A spokesperson for the British Embassy in Vienna declined to comment on the latest allegations .
With the U.S. Senate is on recess this week , there has been significant activity from the White House . Vermont Independent Senator Bernie Sanders tells WAMC 's North Country Bureau Chief Pat Bradley they are particularly concerned about President Donald Trump 's executive order to roll back the Affordable Care Act .
“ What Trump has consistently been trying to do is sabotage the Affordable Care Act in every way that they can . And then by making it more difficult for people to sign up for the Affordable Care Act , by cutting back on the kinds of revenue that is coming in through the individual mandate not enforcing that , then they go around the country and they say oh the Affordable Care Act is collapsing . And that 's been their modus operandi from day one . Short term what we have got to do is improve the Affordable Care Act . ”
Bernie Sanders is serving their second term as Vermont 's junior U.S. senator . They previously served 16 years as the state 's lone Congressman . They spoke after visiting Williston on Thursday .
The president of Japanese energy company TEPCO has confirmed the company covered up the meltdown of the Fukushima nuclear plant . The announcement came a week after a scandalous report claimed that Japanese government and TEPCO hushed up the tragedy .
The information was revealed by Tokyo Electric Power Co. President Naomi Hirose , who released an apology . They confirmed that TEPCO ordered not to use the word “ meltdown ” when referring to what happened at the crippled plant .
`` I would say it was a cover-up , '' Hirose told a news conference . `` It 's extremely regrettable . ''
Read more
Earlier in June a report emerged that then-President of Tokyo Electric Power Co. Masataka Shimizu told employees not to use the word “ meltdown. ” The decision was allegedly made under pressure from the Japanese government .
According to the document , someone in the government headed by Prime Minister Naoto Kan of the Democratic Party of Japan wanted the tragedy hushed up .
March 14 , only three days after the catastrophe , Shimizu sent a note to company Vice-President Sakae Muto , warning them not to say “ meltdown , ” the report claimed . Muto was heading to a panel to discuss the crisis .
“ Considering this fact , it is presumable that the Prime Minister 's Office requested Shimizu to be careful about admitting to a meltdown in public , ” the report said , as cited by the Japan Times .
According to Yasuhisa Tanaka , who headed the panel which contributed to the report , a hearing with dozens of TEPCO employees was conducted . However , they did n't talk to anyone from the government .
“ Looking at the situation back then , we think it was difficult for TEPCO to use the term meltdown because even the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency could n't use it , ” due to apparent government pressure , Tanaka said .
In fact the first time TEPCO used the word “ meltdown ” was May 15 , 2011 , over two months after the tragedy . The company preferred to use “ core damage ” about the reactor that was severely damaged in the earthquake and tsunami .
The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster , the largest since the 1986 Chernobyl event , took place in March 2011 and resulted in three nuclear meltdowns and a leak of radioactive materials . The accident prompted a nationwide shutdown of all nuclear power plants in Japan with Sendai being the first to start working again in August 2015 .
Joseph Matthäus Aigner ( 18 January 1818 , Vienna – 19 February 1886 , Vienna ) was an Austrian portrait painter , who studied under Friedrich von Amerling and Carl Rahl . They painted portraits of Franz Joseph I of Austria and their wife Elizabeth , Franz Grillparzer , Friedrich Halm , Nikolaus Lenau , and Maximilian I of Mexico .
In 1847 they married actor Fanny Matras ( 1828–1878 ) .
As commander of the Academic Legion during the 1848 revolutions in Vienna , Aigner was court-martialed for high treason and condemned to death . However , Alfred I , Prince of Windisch-Grätz pardoned him .
According to Ripley 's Believe It or Not ! , a Capuchin monk , whose name Aigner never knew , saved their lives three times , when they attempted to hang themselves at ages 18 and 22 and when they were sentenced to death . Aigner successfully committed suicide with a pistol in Vienna in 1886 , and the same monk presided over their funeral . [ 1 ]
Works [ edit ]
Portrait of a lady with their dog ( 1863 ) ( 1863 )
Portrait einer jungen blonden Dame mit Stirnlocken ( 18 ? ? )
( 18 ? ? ) Portrait of a lady with their dog ( 1863 )
( 1863 ) Portrait of Clementina Weyl ( 1865 )
( 1865 ) Portrait of a young boy wearing a coloured sash ( 1876 )
References [ edit ]
Even before my appointment as the campus 's sex captain , I 've always been one of the most devoted members of TMI town 's neighborhood watch . As a result , I am now everyone 's go-to resource to alleviate bottled-up , repressed horniness .
Much like those little free libraries in suburban cul-de-sacs ( but sexier ) , I 'm always happy to lend any of my ( well-used ) toys after a wash and a quick dusting of cornstarch — as long as you have no qualms about the fact they will have been imbued with the powerful spirits of masturbation sessions past . Just do n't use any of my pussy products for ass application .
While I am a fervent proselytizer of sex toys , it was n't through the divine gift of Eros that I acquired my dildo knowledge . Much like the hilariously erroneous study from Times Online , I too once believed the G-spot was a myth . While I now know that the G-spot becomes more sensitive with clit stimulation , sadly , in my youth , the content I was consuming for sexual enlightenment was badly written fan fiction and a lot of tentacle hentai .
The former came from an echo chamber of virginal preteen writers who parroted the terminology of other , slightly older virginal preteen writers . I thought that dicks “ wept precum ” and that saliva was more than adequate lubrication for surprise anal . My torrid affair with the latter only makes me say “ octopussy ” a lot . This ilk of content was n't exactly the most educational , but considering I grew up in the censor-dome that is mainland China and went to a conservative British international school , it was better than nothing .
Consequently , my humble sexual beginnings started like most people 's : shoving random household items on or near my horny bits .
While Stats 20 has taught me that experimental data is the only data from which you can draw causal conclusions , in this case , this was , and still is , extremely unadvised — please stick to observational examinations . I hope you can learn from my adolescent mistakes and educate yourself on obtaining high-quality sex toys that wo n't result in funny X-rays .
Jumbo Yellow Glue stick , Comix : 0/10
Age : 11
I attempted to shove the glue stick up my butt dry , after watching poorly animated anal on funnygames.biz/adult . I had waited for the flash animation to load for a good 40 minutes , and I guess the characters seemed to like getting their butt plowed ? When I realized the glue stick was too large for my puckered sphincter and pulled it out , the glue stick cap got stuck in my ass .
I had a panic attack at 1 a.m. on a school day as I squatted , strained and whimpered like a constipated labradoodle to get it out . My life briefly flashed before my eyes as I imagined having to go to a Chinese ER only to be called out as a juvenile sexual deviant .
The cap did eventually come out . I , luckily , did not have to go to Gay Baby Jail for Uncooperative Comrades .
Rounded Black Whiteboard Marker , Generic : 2/10
Age : 12
I left this in my vagina overnight because of my continued abysmal preteen knowledge on how sexual pleasure works . I could n't fit it in all the way , so the cap made a lump in my panties and made me look like I was constantly in the middle of shitting myself . My corrosive vaginal juices dissolved the text on the marker shaft by the next day . The marker still worked afterward , though , and I 'm sure my cervix appreciated the company .
Pro tip : your cervix position shifts depending on where you are in your menstrual cycle and also how turned on you are . When you 're fertile or just feeling frisky , the cervix goes into prime dick-down mode , receding back to accommodate dicks of any size ( no more painful cervix cock-ups ) . Though this now makes me realize that if I had been aroused , my vagina would have probably consumed the entire marker .
Hummingbird Flosser , Oral-B : 9.5/10
Age : 13-16
The usage of this product highlights the renaissance of sexual understanding in my life : Clitoral stimulation was where it 's at . This humble flosser 's description proudly states that its “ simple push button activation system delivers soothing and controlled vibration . ”
The only reason why it was n't a perfect 10/10 was because I needed to hold onto the button to maintain the vibration . As I annihilated my clit with other high-velocity objects such as shower head jets , my hands would cramp up more and more than I desperately waited for my climax . This little jury-rigged vibrator served me well over the years . I abused this dental hygiene tool to the point where the circuitry became exposed and frayed , which definitely added a spark to all my masturbation sessions .
So , if my dentist asks : Technically , yes , I do floss .
There is n't a neat moral to these little vinegar-stroke vignettes , but I highly , highly recommend that everyone try out sex toys instead of popping a condom on a cucumber in the dark at home . I 've been happy to see carefree propagation of sex toys by femmes , but why stop there ? It would be awesome to also decrease the stigma for cis-guys and penis-wielders , who are frequently shamed as losers who “ ca n't get a real hookup . ”
Let us live in a wonderful , destigmatized world where no one feels any shame when purchasing the patented “ GuyBrator ” or a 3-hole blow-up doll . You can also literally nut in an egg — the sky 's the limit , so power your JO crystal with no shame .
Michelle Zheng writes the Tuesday column on sex . Contact them at [ email protected ] and follow them on Twitter at @ thezhenger .
There 's a decent chance that when you 're accessing a document from a smartphone , you 're not actually trying to make edits . You just want to take a look at what 's there . So the latest update to Google Docs , Sheets , and Slides improves precisely this experience .
What 's New
Now when you click on a document and start scrolling down , the app goes full-screen ( minus the dimmed notification bar ) and the toolbars disappear .
A floating action button with a pencil inside hovers at the bottom right corner that you can tap to edit documents . Alternatively , you can double tap anywhere on the page just as before .
Here are the APKs . If you see any other changes , be sure to let us know .
Download
Each APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app . The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way . Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices , which can take days , download and install it just like any other APK .
File name : com.google.android.apps.docs.editors.docs-1.4.112.09.35-51120935-minAPI14.apk
Version : 1.4.072.10.35 ( 50721035 ) ( Android 4.0+ )
MD5 : 7cc1cf2a0a61af21a4f513012e30bd2b
File name : com.google.android.apps.docs.editors.sheets-1.4.112.09.35-51120935-minAPI14.apk
Version : 1.4.112.09.35 ( 51120935 ) ( Android 4.0+ )
MD5 : 9b08915708256994fb8dbdb2d381d4ef
File name : com.google.android.apps.docs.editors.slides-1.2.112.06.35-51120635-minAPI14.apk
Version : 1.2.112.06.35 ( 51120635 ) ( Android 4.0+ )
MD5 : df8cac66952febae7859ae1e8f7bf6ea
In the one year since the Supreme Court ruled for marriage equality , many of my gay friends have thanked me repeatedly for being a straight ally . At first , I did n't know quite how to respond .
I 'd say something along the lines of , “ You 're welcome , of course ! I 'm just glad I could help in some way. ” Somehow , though , that answer seemed inadequate .
Or I might have followed up with , “ It 's just sad that it took so long and involved so much pain to get to this point . I 'm sorry for that. ” Which is better , but still lacking . Something more needed to be said .
One day , it occurred to me . I needed to say more than just “ you 're welcome. ” I also needed to say something back to them . I needed to say : Thank you .
First , thank you for inviting me to be your friend . Thank you for the love and encouragement you 've given me over the years . It means far more than you know .
Thank you for showing me what it means to love someone when there 's a great cost involved . When simply holding someone 's hand in public could have enormous repercussions , and you do it anyway . Thank you for that courageous example .
Thank you for reminding me that it 's important to be myself and to celebrate who I am , even when I 'm not exactly sure who I am . Especially when some others would like me to be something that I 'm not .
Thank you for showing me what it means to live in a way that 's true to yourself .
Thank you for teaching me what it means to live courageously and to love courageously . And to recognize God at work in all of it .
Thank you for showing me how to keep trying , even when justice seems so absent and distant . Especially when justice is absent and distant .
Thank you for giving me an example of what it means to be graceful in the face of hatred and discrimination . I will never forget that .
Thank you for showing me what it means to respond to hatred with love , time and time again . Orlando is just the latest example .
And thank you for being a visible reminder that love wins . It always does . Sometimes , it just takes a little time .
Thank you .
The U.S. Catholic church has incurred nearly $ 4 billion in costs related to the priest sex abuse crisis during the past 65 years , according to an extensive NCR investigation of media reports , databases and church documents .
In addition , separate research recently published calculates that other scandal-related consequences such as lost membership and diverted giving has cost the church more than $ 2.3 billion annually for the past 30 years .
Between 1950 and August of this year , the church has paid out $ 3,994,797,060.10 , NCR found .
That figure is based on a three-month investigation of data , including a review of more than 7,800 articles gleaned from LexisNexis Academic and NCR databases , as well as information from BishopAccountability.org and from reports from the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops .
Up until now , `` nearly $ 3 billion '' has been the most widely cited figure by media , academics and activists for the cost to the U.S. church for clergy sex abuse and its cover-up . NCR research shows that figure is too low , probably by as much as a billion dollars -- and perhaps much more .
Sign up for NCR 's Copy Desk Daily , and we 'll email you recommended news and opinion articles each weekday . Sign Up Now
Making direct comparisons between NCR figures and official figures from the bishops ' conference is difficult , perhaps impossible , for a number of reasons :
There are no uniform reporting standards for public disclosure of financial records for U.S. Catholic dioceses . For example , of the 197 dioceses and eparchies that are members of the U.S. bishops ' conference , NCR could find only 60 that had made some kind of public financial report available for 2014 . Previous reporting ( NCR , Feb. 27-March 12 ) found the quality of these financial disclosures varies dramatically . Very little information about how much a particular diocese spent on counseling for victims of abuse or for monitoring priest offenders can be found in these reports .
The NCR research relies largely on media reports , which tend to report only court cases or large settlements and in major media markets . Areas with little media coverage will be underrepresented in the results .
Settlements with nondisclosure or confidentiality restrictions are not included in the results . NCR found nearly 150 such settlements since 1950 , most ( 74 ) in 2003 or before , but many even in recent years , seven in 2015 alone . Media rarely report routine financial data related to sex abuse , such as a particular diocese 's cost of training church volunteers to be in compliance with the U.S. bishops ' Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People .
Information from the bishops is incomplete . Because of the way they report on sex abuse , they provide no data for 2003 , and data released after 2013 is n't directly comparable to data released before 2013 because of changing data collection methods .
NCR figures are reported for the year in which the settlement was reached and announced ( the year the liability was recognized ) , while the bishops ' figures are reported for the year the costs were actually paid out . This partially accounts for the large differences in amounts reported by NCR and amounts reported by the bishops in certain years . For example , some settlements are reached during one year , but the money is not distributed to victims until the next year or later .
The annual reports issued since 2004 by the bishops ' Office for the Protection of Children and Young People have their own set of problems . As NCR has previously reported , the data collection is voluntary . The most recent annual reports have compliance rates of about 98 percent for dioceses and 70 percent for religious orders , but early reports had much lower reporting rates .
Related : Editorial : The deep , lasting financial cost of sex abuse
And the data are self-reported , unaudited and issued in aggregate . Data ca n't be double-checked or specific dioceses examined .
The NCR examination of reports from around the country unearthed amounts previously unreported in official church financial disclosures as well as amounts left out of reporting on other databases because they were not considered major settlements or judgments against the church .
Only data about settlements and judgments in two specific periods , 1950-2002 and 2004-2013 , can be directly compared between the NCR research and reports from the U.S. bishops . ( See accompanying charts below . )
Advertisement
While the NCR investigation unearthed amounts not reported in 2004-2013 by Georgetown University 's Center for Applied Research in the Apostolate ( CARA ) , there was no way to determine precisely which amounts those are .
NCR arrived at its $ 3.99 billion total by adding to its findings two other sets of figures reported by the bishops :
The cost in 2004-2013 for therapy for victims ( $ 78 million ) ; support for offenders ( $ 142 million ) ; attorneys ' fees ( $ 433 million ) ; child protection efforts , including training , background checks , safe environment coordinators , and other measures ( $ 259 million ) ; and for `` other costs , '' a designation covering such items as abuse investigations , insurance premiums , emergency assistance for victims and monitoring service for offenders ( $ 47 million ) .
$ 96,832,258.22 for similar services for the period 1950-2002 reported in the 2004 report by the John Jay College of Criminal Justice .
Dollar amounts for such services for other periods are not available , but most certainly would have been and are being spent . For this reason , the $ 3.99 billion figures is almost certainly a low estimate .
As a way of illustrating the magnitude of the costs to the U.S. church , if that amount were divided evenly among the nation 's 197 dioceses , each would receive nearly $ 20 million .
In attempting to compile as thorough a record as possible , articles surfaced that provided some insight into why it will probably be impossible to ever get a complete picture . In 2002 , for instance , The Washington Post reported that three years earlier a judge gave permission to the Milwaukee archdiocese to shred documents that it wanted destroyed because those papers `` showed how much money it had spent on treatment , litigation and settlements related to sex abuse . ''
Other articles recount the efforts by the church in several states to block legislation that would either temporarily lift or permanently alter statutes of limitations , laws governing how long victims have to report allegations of sex abuse . The cost of this work , done through bishops ' state Catholic conferences , is not publicly reported and ca n't be included in cost estimates .
It is probably impossible to calculate the effect such great losses have had on the church 's ministries and outreach , since some of the restructuring of the church in the United States has simply resulted from shifts in population from old centers of Catholic life in the Northeast and Upper Midwest to the South and Southwest .
However , Charles Zech , director of Villanova University 's Center for Church Management and Business Ethics , said that just the interest off the amounts lost over the years to the sex abuse crisis would help the church more justly compensate its lay workforce .
Zech , who has strongly criticized Catholics ' lack of support for the church ( he points out that Catholic giving is half that of Protestants ) , said bishops also are responsible for financial shortfalls that affect the level of ministry and the level of pay . `` We do n't treat our laypeople very well , '' they said , noting that one of the prevailing attitudes is that there is no need to pay lay ministers a decent wage because they are performing ministries .
[ Jack Ruhl is a professor of accountancy at Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo , Mich. Diane Ruhl , a clergy abuse survivor , is a registered nurse and veterinarian in Kalamazoo . ]
Settlements and judgments against the church 2002 and before ( USCCB ) 2004-2013 ( CARA ) Total ( USCCB and CARA ) $ 475,674,835.73 $ 2,044,614,703.00 $ 2,520,289,538.73 NCR research NCR research $ 290,413,017.88 $ 2,343,003,083.00 $ 2,633,416,100.88 Difference Difference Difference $ 185,261,817.85 $ 298,388,380.00 $ 113,126,562.15 Note : These figures do not include other costs associated with the abuse crisis , such as therapy for victims , support of offenders , and operation of safe environment programs .
Sources : Jack and Diane Ruhl/US Conference of Catholic Bishops/CARA
We all know that friend who is always enthusiastically telling you about the new thing they 're doing , a new goal they 're working towards or simply how they 're planning on getting things done . You know this kind of people , right ? They usually they have one flaw… they have a history of poor follow through .
They love to talk about getting things done but rarely actually do .
We are all guilty of this to some degree . I know I 'm certainly am , considering all the times I 've told others that I was going to start a new band , read a new book , become a rock climber , blah blah etc…
Recently , though , I decided to take a different approach in working towards my goals .
I simply stopped talking about them . I stopped talking about getting things done .
Think about this for a minute . Among your circle of friends and acquaintances , who are the people you respect the most ? If you 're like me , they are the people who tell you about their achievements rather than their plans for future achievements .
Think about your own behavior when it comes to this . If you continuously do not follow through with what you say you are going to do , you lose a lot of respect . You become the kid who cried wolf . Your statements become as reliable as drunk promises .
We all want respect , right ? I know I do .
I recently set out on a journey to start my own company . With this entrepreneurial goal in mind and with the above ” walk the walk ' mindset driving me , there was no way I was going to let it fall through . I would not allow myself to stay in action limbo .
In working towards this goal of starting my own company , I am learning a lot about what will actually help me get accomplish what I set out to do – not just talk about doing it .
Here are 5 strategies that will help you get things done .
Stop telling people about your goals .
I know this goes against conventional wisdom which says you should tell people about your goals as they will help keep you accountable . But I have found that this is n't always necessary true .
First of all , talking about your goals in casual conversation with people will realistically get you nowhere , as most of the time , people could honestly really care less about your goals . That person has their whole life to deal with and , honestly , their nods of approval or “ that 's really cool ” remarks are going to do little to drive you to accomplish what you are telling them about .
There is also some compelling scientific research that points to people actually being more unlikely to achieve their goals if they tell people about them . Check out this TED talk by Derek Sivers . They basically say that the sense of gratification that comes with telling people about your goals makes you more unlikely to follow through with them . They say that by telling people your future plans , it makes them feel more realistic and gives you a false sense of accomplishment leading to a higher probability of inaction . Very interesting stuff .
Now , this is all not to say that you need to keep it a complete secret especially if you live with a family and your goal includes a complete lifestyle change . What it means is that you need to tell the right people .
Instead of just telling people causally who are going to give you the old adage “ good job buddy ” and empty encouragement , look instead to get some inspiration . Look to find someone who has done something similar to what you are doing . Be strategic in getting advice or tips on how they did it . You will feel more inspired and have a more realistic understanding of what you need to do .
Plan realistically and take action .
If you have your heart set on a goal , you need to take a hard look at what it is going to take to make it happen . How much time is it going to take out of your normal schedule ? How long is it going to take to get there ? Are there any milestones you can plan to hit ?
Once you have an understanding of what it is going to take to accomplish your goal , you need to start planning actual steps towards it .
You can find almost an infinite amount of ‘ how to ' or ‘ top ten ' lists for achievement or the sort online to help get you going . I am not going to go into any details on those here .
The point is that in order to make a change , you need to take control of your efforts , plan accordingly and set reasonable expectations .
For me , in starting my brand Sol Vibes , I had to adjust my entire routine . There was no single solution that worked either . It was a process of trial and error to find what was both the most effective and worked best in my schedule .
Keep your motivation and be productive .
For most goals , we are eager to get started but it is incredibly easy to get distracted and lose motivation . Some goals are larger and take longer than others and it is important to keep your eye on the prize .
Again , plenty of resources to help you find motivation on what you are working on , but one thing everyone should do , no matter what their goal , is found a way to measure success . It is far too easy to lose track of progress when you are constantly focused on new tasks to help you advance . There is a lot of power in a simple before and after picture , or measurement statistic etc .
Get started now .
Prove to people that you are an achiever rather than just a dreamer . Do n't tell just anyone about your goals . Make sure they are the right people who are actually going to provide value on your journey and inspire you to walk the walk . And when the time comes that you get to actually tell people about what you have achieved , that sense of delayed satisfaction will be totally worth it .
I may not know much , but I can now say that I have successfully started a business . It is an artistic and soulful apparel company dedicated to being modern and mindful called Sol Vibes and it feels good to say that I have started a business rather than I 'm going to start a company .
I would love to hear from you if you have any comments or questions please email me . If you have the chance , check out solvibes.com and let me know what you think ! kaz @ solvibes.com
Interviewer : Doctor ██████
Interviewed : SCP-XXXX
Foreword : This interview took place 2 hours after initial contact , by Doctor ██████ in order to gain information about SCP-XXXX 's anomalous property on Site-██ .
< Begin Log >
Doctor ██████ : Hello little one .
SCP-XXXX : Hello…uh Doctor…██████ ?
Doctor ██████ : Huh how do you know my name ?
SCP-XXXX : Is n't that your name right there ?
( SCP-XXXX gestured toward Doctor ██████ 's name tag . )
Doctor ██████ : Ah silly me…Anyway , how are you ? and can you tell me your name ?
SCP-XXXX : My name is ██████ ████████ , and I'm…not well . I'm….really tired right now .
Dr. ██████ : I will make this as short as possible . Or would you like to get some rest before we continue ?
SCP-XXXX : No ! I….I do n't want to go to sleep .
Dr. ██████ : Can you tell me why ?
SCP-XXXX : I…I see horrible things in my dream . I see people dying . You got ta keep me awake Doctor .
( SCP-XXXX became agitated and grabbed Doctor██████ 's arm . )
Dr.██████ : I am here for you . Well then , let 's start from the beginning . As I understand , you are aware that you have this , let us say , condition ?
SCP-XXXX : Yes .
Dr.██████ : Do you know anything about the origin of your condition ? Maybe a how or a why ?
SCP-XXXX : It all started when I was 5 . I still remember . It was my birthday . My parents were taking pictures for my birthday party . Mom was scared when they saw the picture and went to the other room . Dad followed them and when they came out they told all the guests to leave . After that day they start treating me differently , like I was not their child . Once in a while they took picture of me , but they would n't show me . I did n't know back then but now I can guess what that was all about .
Dr.██████ : What about your dream ?
SCP-XXXX : When I was 9 , Mom and Dad said they ca n't take it anymore . They called a priest from the Church we always went to . They said it was for my own good , because they love me . They said they will get rid of this demon inside me . They performed these `` rituals '' on me . It was n't so bad at first , but it was obvious things did n't work out . I started having these nightmares . So they tied me to my bed and they start hurting me . My parent did n't stop them . One time they burned a cross on my hand . I just could n't take it anymore . So I ran away from home .
Dr.██████ : And where is your home ?
SCP-XXXX : In ████████ . I grabbed my piggy bank and took a bus and I told them to take me as far away as this much money can afford . So I have been here for 4 months now . These homeless people took me in . Mr.B████ was the first one . They showed me the way around here . Life is….well at least there 's no more homework and no one 's hurting me anymore .
Dr.██████ : Do these homeless people know about your condition ?
SCP-XXXX : I did n't tell anyone . Some people complain that they heard me kicking and screaming at night but Mr.B████ said it 's fine if I do n't want to talk about it .
Dr.██████ : Mr.B████ . You seem very fond of this Mr.B████ , however our report show no one with this name around the area when we found you . Can you tell us where they are ?
SCP-XXXX : He 's gone now . It happened a few days ago . I was doing the round around the block when some punks started following me around . I was scared so I left my food cart and ran back here . Mr.B████ covered for me . They backed away when they saw other homeless people started coming . Later that night when I was sleeping , I saw it , I saw myself beating Mr.B████ in my dream . I tried to wake up but I could n't . When morning came it was too late . Mr.B████ was gone . We buried them near the river bank . That was….three days ago . I have n't slept since that day . I do n't want to see any more death . I…Doctor , you got ta keep me awake .
Dr. ██████ : I understand .
< End Log >
We love the modern simplicity of this minimalist master bedroom by M Architecture . At its center , a gorgeous glass-enclosed ensuite takes up virtually no visual space , thanks to its invisible walls and sleek , streamlined elements – sink , shower and hardware alike . Just imagine how obtrusive this element would be with solid walls . Yet , this space is clearly defined thanks to a vibrant red-tiled floor that commands attention without eating up any floor space . Surrounding this oval ensuite , the bedroom is clean and contemporary , with a bed at one end of the room and a glass wall at the other leading to the staircase that takes you down to the living areas . The gabled ceiling add architectural interest where the space seems otherwise stark and minimal , leaving this sweet retreat wide open for relaxation and dreaming . M Architecture
From Alaska 's ‘ bridge to nowhere ' to Pyongyang 's Hotel of Doom , via a €1bn arts centre with a dodgy roof , here are the world 's most high-profile wastes of capital
How much should one subway station cost ? The city of Toronto has an answer . The plan to extend transit in the Toronto suburb of Scarborough winds back at least a decade : at one time the plan was a seven-stop light-rail line ; later a three-stop subway . Today , Scarborough is preparing to replace its six-stop automated train with just one single , solitary subway station , for a mere C $ 3.35bn ( £2bn ) .
Is that a wise investment ? Time will tell , but in a recently unearthed 2013 assessment the transport agency Metrolinx calls it “ not a worthwhile use of money ” . Many voters in Scarborough feel differently , and Toronto 's mayor , John Tory , has no plans to change course .
But if Toronto may be about to purchase the most expensive single subway stop in history , it would n't be alone in sinking good money into bad projects . White elephants are everywhere .
America 's ‘ bridge to nowhere '
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Threadbare … Sarah Palin supporting the Gravina Island bridge during a 2006 gubernatorial campaign . Photograph : Courtesy of Bob Weinstein
Back in 2005 , Alaska scored a spending coup in Washington , DC . In that year 's mammoth infrastructure bill , the state managed to peel off $ 223m for a bridge to connect a town of 80,000 people on the mainland to just 50 on Gravina Island . It would have been longer than the Golden Gate bridge , and higher than the Brooklyn bridge .
Due to how few people it would reach , it was quickly dubbed “ the bridge to nowhere ” . The moniker became a curse following Hurricane Katrina : senator Tom Coburn tried to reallocate some of the money for the Gravina Island bridge to help rebuild New Orleans . When their attempt failed , senator John McCain vocally assailed it as a classic pork-barrel project . Gubernatorial candidate Sarah Palin , meanwhile – one day to be McCain 's choice for vice president – supported the bridge , once proudly displaying a T-shirt reading “ Nowhere , Alaska ” .
In the end , even Palin decided it was a bad idea . In 2007 , as governor , they put the brakes on the project ( though , despite what a McCain-Palin 2008 campaign ad claimed , they did not stop it entirely ) . It was finally scrapped in 2015 .
South Korea 's Four Major Rivers project
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sunk costs … Four Major Rivers project work at the Gangchon bridge and weir in Yeoju , South Korea . Photograph : AFP/Getty Images
In 2009 , South Korea launched the Four Major Rivers Restoration project . Its goal was to improve water quality in the Han , Nakdong , Geum , and Yeongsan rivers , and to make parts of South Korea more resistant to floods and drought . The latter part of that plan involved building 16 dams . Cost ? 22 trillion won , or about £15bn .
For their money , South Koreans do not appear to have received all they were promised by the former government of Lee Myung-bak . Since the project was declared complete in 2011 , it has been slammed by the country 's Board of Audit and Inspection : in 2013 it found that “ due to faulty designs , 11 out of 16 dams lack sturdiness , water quality is feared to deteriorate … and excessive maintenance costs will be required ” .
Earlier this year , South Korean president Moon Jae-in stepped in – and ordered yet another audit .
Berlin 's airport : coming soon ( forever )
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Last call … inside Berlin Brandenburg airport . Photograph : Fabrizio Bensch/Reuters
In 2006 , Berlin 's new airport was projected to cost about €2bn and open in 2012 . Five years later , not only has its opening been pushed back to 2019 and its budget ballooned to more than €5bn ( £4.6bn ) , but so has the number of passengers expected to pass through it .
Initially , it was thought that by closing Berlin 's two operating airports , Tegel and Schönefeld , the new Berlin Brandenburg airport ( BER for short ) would have to handle around 27 million passengers per year . But in 2016 Tegel and Schönefeld saw 33 million passengers combined . The crown on this classic white elephant : Germany 's government currently spends €16m a month just to maintain the unfinished airport as it is .
What happened ? A litany of design and construction issues , as well as accusations of corruption . Tests of the fire alarm system revealed so many problems that the corporation in charge of the airport suggested hiring 800 low-paid workers to stand around the airport and send notifications via mobile phone if they smelled smoke or saw a fire .
By 2015 , when the airport was supposedly two years from opening , 150,000 defects had been found in the airport – 85,000 of them “ serious ” , according to one official . So much , it has been said , for German engineering prowess .
The $ 51bn town
Facebook Twitter Pinterest On ice … the deserted Sochi Winter Olympics site . Photograph : The Asahi Shimbun via Getty Imag
Prior to 2014 , Sochi was a sleepy , sub-tropical resort town for well-heeled Russians on the Black Sea . Once it was designated host city for the 2014 Winter Olympics , however , an army of contractors and construction workers descended on the city to build 49 new hotels , 13 new and renovated train stations , five new schools , six medical centres , and 200 miles of road ( including 22 new tunnels and 55 new bridges ) , according to a New York Times report .
The cost : an estimated $ 51bn . By comparison , the 2016 ummer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro – a much larger event – are estimated to have cost around $ 13bn .
In 2016 , the Olympics site boasted that Sochi was “ still basking in Olympic afterglow ” , but other accounts suggest that might only be partly true . Photos published in 2015 showed the Sochi Olympic site abandoned , and the roads and hotels surrounding it empty . However , the private investment that flowed to the city in the run-up to the games – particularly for new real estate – has meant that for some , Sochi is now reportedly a retirement mecca .
Spain 's crumbling masterpiece
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Creative spending … Valencia 's Palau de les Arts Reina Sofia opera house . Photograph : Fernando Bustamante/AP
Recently , architect Santiago Calatrava 's name has become synonymous with the massive Oculus exoskeleton jutting up in lower Manhattan , adjacent to Ground Zero . But in the late 1990s , Calatrava 's name was linked to an even grander project : Valencia 's City of Arts and Sciences . The anticipated build cost for the original design of the massive complex , which now includes a performance hall , two bridges , a planetarium , an opera house and a science museum , was predicted to be €300m . But further modifications by the region 's government saw the price more than treble , eventually surpassing €1bn .
The complex has been plagued with problems , most notably involving the roof of the Palau de les Arts Reina Sofia opera house : the tiles covering it came off , which Calatrava 's team blames on incorrect application , rather than design . In 2014 , Valencia 's government decided to replace the roof entirely , for a further €3m . That same year , Valencia announced it was suing Calatrava – who was paid nearly €100m for their work – and their architectural firm for the cost of repairs . But legal issues were n't new to Calatrava . Two years earlier , they had sued a regional leftwing political party that started a website enumerating all the problems with the buildings ( he won ) .
Despite the expensive mess in Valencia , Calatrava has also continued to win contracts : London 's next major development , Peninsula Place in Greenwich , is a Calatrava design . The Oculus , for the record , has its own roof problems .
The Pearl river bridge
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tarnished … the Pearl river bridge . Photograph : Alamy
The idea for a bridge to span the Pearl river delta , linking Hong Kong to Macau and Zhuhai and thereby joining together the world 's largest urban conurbation , has been around since the 1980s , but took on new life after Hong Kong was handed back to China in 1997 . Construction finally got underway in 2009 , with the expectation that the bridge would open in 2016 .
That date has come and gone , and the $ 2.3bn bridge may only now receive car traffic starting in 2018 . In the meantime , the project has been plagued by engineering problems , construction worker deaths , soaring costs and allegations of corruption . The last of those problems has the potential to push the bridge 's opening date even further into the future , and costs higher .
Earlier this year , 21 people were arrested over one company 's role in the construction . Two senior executives and 19 lab technicians are alleged to have falsified test results for the concrete , according to a report in the South China Morning Post . At best , that means there are safety concerns ; at worst , two-thirds of the supporting pillars and columns might need replacing . China may soon get its very own bridge to nowhere .
The Don Quixote airport
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Crash landing … Cuidad Real Central airport . Photograph : Oli Scarff/Getty Images
Ciudad Real Central airport was n't always destined to be a complete flop . It was conceived in the 1990s , when nobody could have known that the global financial crash would cause the Spanish economy to grind to a halt in the same year ( 2008 ) that the airport would eventually open . But how , and why , did a small city of 75,000 people in Castile-La Mancha ( home of the famous literary fantasist Don Quixote , which has resulted in the nickname the “ Don Quixote airport ” ) become the proposed site for a major international transit point at all ?
As the BBC explained , it “ was to be a private project , for private profit ” , and prior to the economic collapse , money for projects like it was not difficult to come by via local savings banks , which had local politicians – with eyes trained on infrastructure projects to brag about – on their boards .
In its final year of operation , 2012 , the €1bn airport did n't receive a single flight . Three years later it was put up for sale ; one Chinese-led bid of €10,000 was rejected for being too low . It was eventually sold to a local group for €56m and has yet to see any new flights .
The bungle of Benidorm
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Beached … the In Tempo apartment block . Photograph : Heino Kalis/Reuters
In the heady pre-recession days of 2005 , Spanish savings bank Caixa Galicia funded what has become one of Europe 's tallest white elephants : the In Tempo apartment block in Benidorm . The developer , Olga Urbana , borrowed €93m to build a 47-storey M-shaped tower overlooking the Mediterranean ; Caixa Galicia itself put up just €3,100 ( $ 3,650 ) in seed capital .
What followed was a hilarious nightmare . There were immediate construction and design problems . Most notably , the building 's architect did n't properly design the elevator for 47 stories : instead , it used plans for a 20-storey building and simply extended the lift mechanism another 27 storeys . As Der Spiegel explained , the architect “ failed to consider … that more stories would also mean more use , or that the space would not be sufficient for the necessary amount of additional lifting equipment ” .
Despite being mostly complete , the building has yet to be occupied , according to El Mundo , which also recently reported that the building 's mortgage had been sold as part of a €60m deal between its current holders , Sareb , and SVP Group as part of a plan to finally start selling the units . As for its value to sightseers ? One reviewer on TripAdvisor summed it up : “ Not an attraction . ”
Pyongyang 's Hotel of Doom
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Late checkout … Pyongyang 's unfinished Ryugyong hotel . Photograph : Keystone/USA-ZUM/Rex/Shutterstock
Construction on the Pyongyang Hotel began in 1987 , and by most accounts the building is still not quite ready to , you know , host guests . Officially called the Ryugyong , it has been dubbed the “ Hotel of Doom ” out of fears that it is structurally unsound .
At conception , the planned 105-storey Ryugyong was meant to be the tallest hotel on earth , complete with casinos and nightclubs . But economics – specifically , the downfall of the Soviet Union in 1989 – ruined the party . Construction has limped on ever since ; all told , the building is said to have so far cost £470m .
In July , photos showed it mostly empty , with the exterior works unfinished . But in October , on the strength of comments from tourists to North Korea , speculation grew that the hotel could soon open . Watch this space in another 20 years .
• This article was amended on 28 November 2017 . An earlier version said the Scarborough subway station would cost C $ 3bn . This has been corrected to C $ 3.35bn . Details were also clarified regarding the roof of the City of Arts and Sciences , as well as its cost .
Col Price is a well-known art director who worked with various companies including Evolution Studios , Electronic Arts , and Sony Computer Entertainment Europe . Today we talk with Col about the hardships of art directors , the importance of color in games , and freelance work .
Could tell us a little bit about yourself ? When did you start drawing and how did you manage to turn this thing around into a real career ?
My name is Col Price . I live in a small village on the beach just outside of Liverpool in England with my wife , son , and crazy dog . Ever since I could remember I 've always drawn . My grandfather was an actor and an artist . They would always encourage me and give me tips . I learned a lot from him .
When I was at school I always wanted to work as an animator . My biggest influence was Ray Harryhausen , who some years later , I actually got to meet and spend some time with . It was totally a starstuck moment .
I spent a few years just getting life experience and then headed back to college to study film and then university where I ended up studying , programming , electronics and film VFX production . In the meantime I was animating 3D stuff in my spare time . I left university and went straight into the games industry , that was in the days before PS1 . It has n't stopped since .
You 've worked in a number of great big companies including Sony Computer Entertainment Europe , Electronic Arts , Evolution Studios and helped to to make some great games like Wipeout and Driveclub . You 've almost always worked as an art director . Could you explain , what an art director exactly does at the game studio ?
Well you often find in different studios that an Art director ( AD ) can mean a few different things . Some studios an AD will just oversee production or manage the staff . Usually an AD is the person who comes up with the visual style and vision of the game , and that 's everything from : mood , tone , light , characters , environment etc . All these elements need to sit on a level and they all need to knit together to make a believable world .
On most projects that means I 'm heavily involved in the concept art . I think it 's vital that the AD can visually communicate to the rest of the team exactly what he 's after . So I spend a lot of time in pre-production . This goes from the game development process to working with the team ( because coders need to understand the vision just as much as the artists ) and painting absolutely everything up .
I also spend a lot of time on the VFX and VFX design . This always seems to be one area studios seem to leave till the end . For me the VFX is the first thing to start and the last thing to finish on a project . We did this on the Motorstorm projects and the payoff shows !
During your career you 've used hundreds of different tools for artists . What do you think are the most important ones , the ones you ca n't really do any work without ? And do you use classical stuff like pen and paper ? Does it help during your studies ?
Your eyes and your gut . Trust them both . They are better than any software out there . If it looks wrong , change it . If it looks right , leave it even if coders say it ca n't exist . I do have a sketch book , but to be honest it 's all digital these days . You need that for the fast turnaround of today 's studio life . You need to get at least one finished concept a day out the door , and by that I mean ( for example ) the work of mine you 're showing today . These are all done in a few hours and you need that speed and confidence if you 're going to survive
It seems like today it 's less about the technology and more about the style . How do game companies work with art direction today ? How do you still manage to make beautiful games right now ?
It 's a constant battle . It really is . It 's always code and art at loggerheads but the key is communication and visual communication . There 's no point in somebody talking to the code team and saying , “ I want the sky like this ” . You need to show them ! Paint it , photograph it , but let the team see . It 's important everyone understands the vision of the game , that 's why pre-production is so important . You have to plan everything out on a visual level . That way when it comes to production , most of the problems are ironed out and it cuts back on the team crunching .
I also think that even though it may seem like the visuals are more important , in most studios the code and tech seems to drive the game . It is a shame because it can stifle the creative process and stop beautiful experiences from being created . Slowly , it is changing and I 'm finding studios are far more receptive .
Why do modern games look brown and grey ? Why do n't game artists use more color ? Is there some logical reasoning behind this bleak color palette ?
I love color , I love the use of color , and how it effects emotions and the player . I 'm not a big fan of bleak palettes being created so the player feels lost . I think a lot of this comes from somebody looking at a film and saying “ I want that ” , without totally understanding what this vision is doing to the player . Films and games are totally different experiences . Games can be more intense and immersive . With film , that color palette can last for a hour or so and it 's an hour with the person not being in control . It 's different when a player and that person is immersed in that environment .
By all means , study film . It 's vital that we use it as a visual story telling tool . It 's been around a lot longer than games have and its very sophisticated in its visual language . I still think visuals on a color level can be somewhat naive in some games , but some teams have it down to a fine art and that 's when we get beautiful looking work on our screens . But I think we need to get past our clichés such as “ turn the screen red “ when we get hit . Contemporary players are far more savvy than that .
The art on your Artstation page looks nothing like Driveclub , Battlefield , or Motorstorm . This is like a completely different surrealistic world . A combination of Evangelion and Jodorowsky 's Dune . Incredible stuff . Where do you get these ideas and are you ever going to make all those beautiful ideas into your own game or a movie ?
A movie would be great ( give me a call Hollywood ! ) . I am doing a game with a small team that should be out later this year . It is based on some of my ship designs . It 's going to be a lot of fun .
For me that work is just a release . I grew up reading books and studying art from Chris Foss and Jim Burns and I love that over the top style . Alien ships should look…well alien . So after a day 's work doing story boards , I just like to empty all the rubbish out of my head by doing these concepts .
I tend not to put up studio work online it can take ages for a project to finish so the work could be up to two to three years old although I may put up the Driveclub work soon . I did a huge amount of art for that project .
I also create work just to keep my creative edge and constantly lean . These pictures keep my brain alive ! I 'm not sure where it all comes from . I get ideas pop into my head all the time . I just need the time to get all these ideas down now .
What are you working on right now and why did you decide to leave big companies behind and work as a freelancer ?
Yeah , it was a big decision for me to leave studio life . I had been in the confines and safety of studios for almost 20 years and it just felt like the right time to make this move . In my position , no time is the right time . I was on project after project with no let up , so I just made the choice . It was a tough one but for me personally I needed to see if I could get out there and do it , so to speak . And so far it 's been the best thing I 've ever done . The response has been fantastic and so has the press with fantastic websites ( like yourselves ) inviting me to chat . It 's been an incredible time and I have n't come up for air yet .
Right now I 'm on a beautiful story driven game called Troll and I. I 've been working with the guys from Spiral House for a while now and they are an amazing team . I 'm story boarding the game and it 's a joy to work on . It 's always nice to work with such a talented and enthusiastic team . What you see on the net is very early work ; but trust me , it looks great and it 's going to look fantastic . It 's a very original game .
I 'm also working on a movie at the moment . That 's during weekends . It 's called Welcome to Purgatory , and it 's a blast . Following this batch , I 'll be back onto a game I was concepting earlier as they want some more work . Then I 'll be on to my spaceship battle game . It 's a crazy time !
We get a lot of questions whether there is a big difference between preparing art for games , movies , and TV . Do producers usually look for the same thing in these industries , or is there a difference ?
I do n't find any difference . I bring the same ethos and work ethic to them all . It 's about getting a good rapport with your client , understanding what they want and what they need . It 's also about offering creative advice , but you need to gain trust and confidence from the client . Everybody wants the same thing . They want the best possible and best looking work they can get and that 's from both sides .
I 'm pretty thorough in my work . I do a lot of research and try and understand as much as I can about the project .
The concept side of things , for me anyhow , has been the same process . The one thing I always tell a client is do n't be afraid to say you do n't like it , and I say that right from the start . For any client relationship that 's vital to have .
There are hundreds of platforms for artists right now . What services would you recommend for artists who are just starting to work on art for games ?
Well I use Artstation and I use CGSociety . Both are great platforms and great places to meet new artists too . I also have a blog and I use Twitter , Facebook , and Google+ . It 's a huge task keeping up with this social aspect but it 's also vital . I also have a website . I think I have all the bases covered . Artstation and CGSociety are fantastic and I would recommend it to anyone to check them out . It 's also great to go on there and look at the talent and think to yourself : “ Right I really need to up my game ” . It pushes you as an artist . That 's invaluable .
Col Price , Artist
Welcome to the time of year where it 's all about fractions . If the regular season were a game , we 'd be at the start of the sixth inning , and the leverage is beginning to climb , making everything more important . Your team 's in the race and you want it to make a trade . Maybe the deal projects to add half a WAR over the course of the remainder . What 's the value of a win on the free-agent market , $ 7 million ? And wins are more valuable in high-leverage positions on the win curve , right ? A half-WAR improvement might be worth five or ten million dollars . That 's a lot of dollars ! For many of the teams in baseball now , runs are more important than they would 've been in April .
People care now about every last little detail . You never know which detail might end up determining which teams do and do n't make the playoffs . Among the details to care about : strength of schedule . Schedules , as everyone knows , are unbalanced . So some teams might have easier schedules than others . Now that we 're at the All-Star break , who 's looking at a schedule advantage , and who 's looking at a schedule disadvantage ? Not a single race has been decided , so opponent identity will be some kind of factor in how the rest of the season plays out .
When I looked at this before the start of the season , I figured out average projected WAR for each team 's scheduled opponents . This time I 'm taking a slightly different approach , made possible by some of the pages we have here on FanGraphs . At the core , these numbers still depend on the rest-of-season projections . Maybe you 've been to this page . You 've almost certainly been to this page . Both of them include rest-of-season projections , but you might notice that the numbers do n't perfectly match up . For example , on the former page , the Dodgers are projected for a .555 rest-of-season winning percentage , but on the latter , that same number is .553 .
There 's a reason for this ! That reason is n't a glitch . The former numbers are based on projected talent . The latter numbers include adjustments , like adjustments for opponents , and adjustments for home games and away games . So this actually makes things very simple : we can figure out schedule strength by finding the difference between the projections on the two pages . A team projected for more success on the second page is considered to have an easier schedule than a team projected for more success on the first page .
Obviously , these numbers are only as good as the projections . Obviously , there 's going to be player movement in the weeks ahead , and some teams will be weakened and strengthened . The Cubs are weaker now than they were a short while ago . The Rays , probably , will be weaker in August than they are today . But let 's accept the error bars and move on to the chart . On the y axis will be wins . The calculation : adjusted projected win total minus unadjusted projected win total . So this measures schedule-based win advantage or win disadvantage over the final 2.5 months .
I should 've warned you to prepare to be underwhelmed . There are differences evident in the chart , but look at that y axis : the biggest positive is 1.1 , and the biggest negative is -1.1 . In black and on the left , incidentally , is the American League ; in red and on the right , the National League . All but one team have fewer than 70 games remaining , and while schedule strength is a factor , it 's not nearly the same kind of factor as , say , own roster strength . The absolute biggest takeaway point here is that strength-of-schedule is a pretty small factor . It 's not worth being up in arms about .
But still , differences are differences . You see mostly good teams with positive numbers , and weak teams with negative numbers . This is because good teams have the advantage of not having to play against themselves , while weak teams have the identical disadvantage . The Tigers do n't have to deal with a few series against the Tigers . The Phillies do n't get to feast on a few series against the Phillies . That 's just part of how things have to be , and I 'll note here that the projections continue to love the Nationals . And yet , there 's a team in the NL with an even bigger advantage than the Nationals .
That 's the Cardinals , who 're in a delicate place . They 're one back of the Brewers in the NL Central , and they 're a half-game back of the Wild Card . If you believe the information presented here , the Cardinals have the NL 's most friendly schedule the rest of the way . The difference between them and the Brewers here is a full win , which is n't insignificant given the state of things . You might also notice the Braves ' position ; on the unadjusted page , they finish with a .525 winning percentage , but on the adjusted page , that 's .517 . You can see why the numbers so vastly prefer the Nationals as NL East champions .
On the AL side , you see some teams involved in the Wild Card hunt . Arguably the two best teams have the two most favorable schedules , but then you have the Indians , Royals , and Blue Jays , with the Yankees bringing up the rear . The Wild Card is basically always going to be an incredibly close race , so single games really can make a huge difference , and the Indians might have relatively smoother sailing than , say , the second-slot-leading Mariners . We can at least say strength-of-schedule is n't a factor .
So many elements are going to combine to make a difference over the final several weeks . Relative schedule strength is going to be one of them . It 's not going to be as important as it might seem — schedules , generally , just are n't very lopsided , especially within leagues — but every run counts , right ? It 's something to chew on here as baseball takes a break .
Planned Parenthood , Seattle-area clinics sue after anti-abortion activist asks for patient info State says no identifying information at issue in public disclosure request for records
The great debate over abortion continues to rage in America . Click through for a look back at the activists over the decades . The great debate over abortion continues to rage in America . Click through for a look back at the activists over the decades . Photo : JOSHUA ROBERTS , Getty Images Photo : JOSHUA ROBERTS , Getty Images Image 1 of / 75 Caption Close Planned Parenthood , Seattle-area clinics sue after anti-abortion activist asks for patient info 1 / 75 Back to Gallery
Abortion providers in the Seattle area have sued to stop the state from releasing patient reports to an anti-abortion activist seeking detailed information on the region 's clinics .
Filing a lawsuit in King County , the Northwest chapter of Planned Parenthood and four clinics have asked for an order preventing the state Department of Health from releasing some patient information to an anti-abortion activist who they contend has harassed abortion providers in the past .
The requested information would not include patients ' names or dates of birth , a Health Department spokesperson noted . It would include the hometowns and ages of women and girls who received abortions at the clinics , as well as reports specific to each clinic in question .
Officials contend the decision to release the information was based on a review of the state 's public records law , which mandates “ full access to information ” collected or created by the government .
In November , activist Jonathan Bloedow filed a public records request with the state , asking to view the clinic reports filed with the Department of Health , which collects detailed information on abortions performed at Washington clinics and disseminates it through annual statistical reports . Bloedow specifically sought records provided by six clinics in Everett , Kenmore , Renton and Seattle .
While the Health Department refused to release the names of women treated at the clinics , attorneys for the department determined state law requires much of the rest of the information be released . Specifically , the department was prepared to release the city of residence , age , ethnicity and abortion history of patients while identifying when and where each abortion was performed .
Those records would show Bloedow how many abortions were performed at each facility . Attorneys for Planned Parenthood and the clinics contend they would include “ identifying information ” meant to be protected under state and federal privacy laws .
Attorneys for Planned Parenthood and the clinics also contend Bloedow has previously harassed people associated with the clinics . Court records show one woman obtained an anti-harassment order against Bloedow , which was ultimately dismissed .
Taken as a whole , the information could identify an individual patient , said Laura Einstein , attorney for Planned Parenthood .
“ That would be an unacceptable violation of their rights as patients , ” Einstein said Tuesday . “ Some of those women could be minors whose parents do not support their decision . Some of them could be women with partners who are unaware of their decision . …
“ Those are real harms , ” the attorney continued . “ All we want is for the state to take some additional steps to make sure that information ca n't be identified with a particular woman . ”
Planned Parenthood and the clinics have asked for an order prohibiting the release of any information specific to a particular clinic . They have also requested the Department of Health be prevented from disclosing patients ' hometowns or the dates they received services .
Health Department spokesperson Tim Church said the department reviewed Bloedeow 's request with the state Attorney General 's Office and determined the department is required to release much of the information . They disputed the contention that the information identifies any patients , while acknowledging that it is detailed .
At issue , Church said , are two opposed responsibilities placed on the Health Department – protection of patient privacy and openness to the public . Washington 's public records law , passed by state voters 40 years ago to combat public corruption , contains a broad mandate for disclosure of government records , as well as restrictions on the release of private information .
“ We do n't get to decide whether we want to or like releasing information . We have to decide based on the law. ” Church said .
“ These are just hard situations , ” they continued . “ We know this is a situation we 're likely get challenged whichever way we call it . … In the end , the courts are going to have to resolve some of these issues . ”
A temporary restraining order was issued last week barring the Department of Health from releasing any information until a hearing on the matter , currently scheduled to take place May 10 before King County Superior Court Judge Jeffrey Ramsdell . The state has not yet responded with the court .
Check the Seattle 911 crime blog for more Seattle crime news . Visit seattlepi.com 's home page for more Seattle news .
Levi Pulkkinen can be reached at 206-448-8348 or levipulkkinen @ seattlepi.com . Follow Levi on Twitter at twitter.com/levipulk .
Product Details
Product Details
As low as $ 7.49 per coin over spot !
Only coins received in the first 30 days of release from the U.S. Mint are eligible for the MintDirect® Premier designation . This provides assurance that these 1 oz Silver Eagles are among the best struck releases of the year .
APMEX individually seals each MintDirect® coin to ensure the authenticity and condition after the coins are removed directly from the mint boxes . Each coin is placed in a protective , non-reactive plastic polymer authentication card to protect your coin 's finish . This process seals the coin within the card , creating a tamper-evident package that guarantees your investment indefinitely . Learn more about the tamper-evident process here .
Coin Highlights : Each coin contains 1 oz of .999 fine Silver .
Packaged in RF welded plastic polymer case ( 2 1/2 '' x 3 1/4 '' ) , protecting the coin 's finish , with included authentication card .
Each authentication card features the MintDirect® Premier designation , ensuring it comes directly from the U.S. Mint to you .
Premier designation , ensuring it comes directly from the U.S. Mint to you . Obverse : Adolph A. Weinman 's design showing Lady Liberty draped in an American flag , walking gracefully as the sun rises over a ridge .
Reverse : A heraldic eagle is shown below 13 small stars , representing the original colonies .
Guaranteed by the U.S. Mint .
With their beloved , patriotic design , Silver American Eagle coins provide diversity to investment portfolios with a hard asset that is both secure and internationally recognized . Add these truly beautiful Silver Eagle coins to your cart today !
January of every year , the United States Mint is required to deliver coins that carry the date of the new year . Accordingly , the dies used to strike the coins from the prior year are destroyed and new dies are engraved , prepared and deployed to strike coins for the new year .
Because each new year brings new dies , APMEX has designated all products delivered by the U.S. Mint in January that go through the MintDirect® process as MintDirect® Premier . This designation may not be recognized by external grading services . APMEX will only have a limited number of MintDirect® Premier products each year .
APMEX has created a process to guarantee these coins are direct from the U.S. Mint to you to ensure that our customers receive only authentic U.S. Mint coins . MintDirect® is your symbol of guarantee that these coins were processed from tubes that come straight from mint-sealed `` Monster Boxes '' , exactly as they were delivered , providing peace-of-mind when buying , holding or selling .
APMEX individually seals each MintDirect® coin to ensure that the authenticity and condition of each coin is protected after they are removed directly from the mint boxes . Each coin is placed in a protective authentication card composed of a non-reactive plastic polymer to protect your coin 's finish .
The sealing process seals the coin within the authentication card , creating a tamper-evident package that will guarantee your investment indefinitely . If the tamper-evident package has been opened in any way , you will know it . After the process is completed , the coin in the tamper-evident package is removed from the machine and checked to ensure that the quality of the packaging meets our exacting standards . You now have a finished MintDirect® Premier 2015 1 oz Silver American Eagle Single .
By using this process , APMEX can guarantee that the coins you receive are authentic and in the exact condition as they were when they left the United States Mint . The MintDirect® process gives investors confidence in their purchase , knowing that they can buy , hold or sell an authentic coin — guaranteed .
Note : The MintDirect® process does not guarantee protection from spotting or tarnishing that normally occurs in chemically active metals , such as Gold , Silver and Platinum . APMEX individually seals eachcoin to ensure the authenticity and condition after the coins are removed directly from the mint boxes . Each coin is placed in a protective , non-reactive plastic polymer authentication card to protect your coin 's finish . This process seals the coin within the card , creating a tamper-evident package that guarantees your investment indefinitely . Learn more about theprocess here.With their beloved , patriotic design , Silver American Eagle coins provide diversity to investment portfolios with a hard asset that is both secure and internationally recognized . Add these truly beautiful Silver Eagle coins to your cart today ! January of every year , the United States Mint is required to deliver coins that carry the date of the new year . Accordingly , the dies used to strike the coins from the prior year are destroyed and new dies are engraved , prepared and deployed to strike coins for the new year.Because each new year brings new dies , APMEX has designated all products delivered by the U.S. Mint in January that go through the MintDirect® process as MintDirect® Premier . This designation may not be recognized by external grading services . APMEX will only have a limited number of MintDirect® Premier products each year.APMEX has created a process to guarantee these coins are direct from the U.S. Mint to you to ensure that our customers receive only authentic U.S. Mint coins . MintDirect® is your symbol of guarantee that these coins were processed from tubes that come straight from mint-sealed `` Monster Boxes '' , exactly as they were delivered , providing peace-of-mind when buying , holding or selling.APMEX individually seals each MintDirect® coin to ensure that the authenticity and condition of each coin is protected after they are removed directly from the mint boxes . Each coin is placed in a protective authentication card composed of a non-reactive plastic polymer to protect your coin 's finish.The sealing process seals the coin within the authentication card , creating a tamper-evident package that will guarantee your investment indefinitely . If the tamper-evident package has been opened in any way , you will know it . After the process is completed , the coin in the tamper-evident package is removed from the machine and checked to ensure that the quality of the packaging meets our exacting standards . You now have a finishedBy using this process , APMEX can guarantee that the coins you receive are authentic and in the exact condition as they were when they left the United States Mint . The MintDirect® process gives investors confidence in their purchase , knowing that they can buy , hold or sell an authentic coin — guaranteed.Note : The MintDirect® process does not guarantee protection from spotting or tarnishing that normally occurs in chemically active metals , such as Gold , Silver and Platinum . Only coins received in the first 30 days of release from the U.S. Mint are eligible for the MintDirect® Premier designation . This provides assurance that these 1 oz Silver Eagles are among the best struck releases of the year .
Product Specifications Product ID : 84915
Year : 2015
Grade : Brilliant Unc
Grade Service : MintDirect
Denomination : $ 1.00 Dollar
Mint Mark : Not Shown
Metal Content : 1 troy oz Purity : .999
Thickness : 2.98 mm
Diameter : 40.6 mm
First released November 24 , 1986 , the 1 oz Silver American Eagle has become the most popular Silver bullion coin not only in the United States , but in the entire world . In fact , this Silver coin is so highly sought after that in 2014 and 2015 the U.S. Mint could not match its level of production to consumer demand . In 2013 , after a historic drop in Silver prices , demand increased so much that the U.S. Mint had to ration the sale of Silver coins for 18 months .
The driving force behind the creation of the Silver American Eagle was the government 's desire to sell off some of the Silver from the Defense National Stockpile . Although states with heavy mining interests and some legislators opposed the sale of the Silver , in 1985 , the Senate agreed to permit the sale of Silver after an amendment was made to the bill permitting such action . Later in 2002 , after it became apparent the stockpile of Silver would be depleted , an additional bill was passed that would allow the government to purchase Silver on the open market once it became necessary .
The design of this Silver bullion coin is steeped in American heritage and tradition . On the obverse of the coin is Adolph A. Weinman 's “ Walking Liberty ” design which was originally used on the Walking Liberty Half Dollar from 1916 to 1947 . This iconic design was a public favorite and thus it was reinstituted years later on the 1 oz Silver American Eagle . The reverse features a heraldic eagle holding an olive branch in one talon and arrows in the other with a shield on its chest . In the beak of the bird is a banner that reads “ E Pluribus Unum ” and above the eagle are 13 five-pointed stars representing the original 13 colonies . This image mirrors the Great Seal of the United States .
These Silver bullion coins do not have mintmarks , as opposed to the Proof and Burnished versions , which do include a mintmark . From 1986 to 1998 , they were manufactured at the San Francisco Mint . From 1999 to 2000 , production was moved to the Philadelphia Mint . Since 2001 , the 1 oz Silver American Eagle has been produced at the West Point Mint in New York , which has been referred to as the “ Fort Knox of Silver. ” Starting in 2011 , due to the coin 's massive popularity , the San Francisco Mint again began minting coins to supplement the output from the West Point Mint .
At least eight members of the Afghan security forces were killed by two of their colleagues in the southern Zabul province late on March 10 , Afghan officials say .
Gul Islam Seyal , spokesperson for the provincial governor , said on March 11 that both attackers fled the area in a police vehicle after killing their colleagues in the Shinkai district .
They said the two attackers also took all the weapons and ammunition from the checkpoint .
Seyal said an investigation is under way to find out if the two have links to insurgent groups .
Haji Asadullah Kakar , a Zabul provincial council member , said the attackers had joined the Taliban . Kakar said that it appeared the attackers already had connections with the militant group .
Insider attacks are not unusual in Afghanistan .
In a similar incident last month , 11 police officers were shot and killed by another police officer from the same checkpoint in neighboring Helmand province .
Separately on March 11 , in eastern Khost province , a suspected suicide bomber was shot and killed by security guards near the entrance to an airport , said General Faizullah Ghyrat , provincial police chief in Khost .
Based on reporting by AP and dpa
Confined to a wheelchair due to their Muscular Dystrophy , Nick Wallis lost their virginity to a prostitute . Photograph : David Levene
I have Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy , a progressive and life-limiting situation for which there is at present no treatment . having been diagnosed when i had been only a yr old , this information has always been part of my life and inevitably it has affected every single aspect of my life . since i had been a little boy I have always been fascinated by nature and invested a amount of hours inside the garden trying to tempt butterflies from your buddleia into my poised angling net to be sure that I could look at them in detail after which let them fly free . progressively my disability meant which i relied on other little boys . a single day when I spotted the perfect shiny prize-winning conker I had to request a single of them to gather it for me . They promptly pocketed it ! youthful youngsters are not regarded for their selfless actions and perhaps this points out why they would by no means inform me in which their den was or assist me to get to it in my wheelchair ; they seemed to become protecting it as though it was Bletchley Park .
Being excluded from standard issues that my peers took for granted began to become part of my life – a pattern that got stronger as I got older . for any time , more mature siblings of my contemporaries filled the gap and assisted me to enjoy activities along the lines of fishing . I have always had a specific interest in fishy things , and an uncanny ability to spot an aquarium signpost in whichever village or country we were visiting on holiday . people have often been prepared to speak to me and assist and I feel that the kindness of strangers is often underestimated . A blond , blue-eyed boy inside a wheelchair with a passionate interest inside the world around them was lent a angling fly by a stranger , given a lengthy speak on the lives of otters and allowed to touch an octopus . I have by no means been afraid to speak to people and request questions , although on occasion I have felt that there was shock that the kid inside a wheelchair could request intelligent questions . perhaps there are nonetheless as well a amount of preconceptions about wheelchair users .
Sometimes , though , I feel that mine is definitely an existence , not really a life . There are so a amount of issues I would like to become able to do that others take for granted – from your most mundane activity , along the lines of walking towards shop , to finding the vineyards of France . This does not mean which i am unhappy all the time and there are moments when I forget my physical situation and enjoy life – when I am making people laugh ( especially my dad ) , when I study a good book ( although somebody must turn the pages for me , a resource of fantastic frustration ) , or when I am in my garden making sure that my pumpkins are being watered .
Life expectancy for this strain of muscular dystrophy is commonly 20s to 30s , but this can be something I favor not to think about , although it does have an impact on everything I do . As I have grown to be far more disabled the big issues in life are progressively past my achieve and little gatherings presume greater importance : watching a flock of birds preparing to migrate , seeing seeds grow inside the garden and experiencing the sunlight on my face .
The progressive nature of my situation has meant that just when I ought to be gaining independence and control of my life – I am now 22 – I have grown to be far more dependent and reliant on other people , mainly my parents , to do everything for me except think , and sometimes they even attempt to do that for me ! fortunately I are already able to receive training in mainstream educational institutions and complete a degree in ecology on the local university . But my expectations of enjoying a interpersonal life as a undergraduate were not realised .
Managing to get to university was relatively uncomplicated as well as the educational function straightforward . much far more testing was interacting with other students and trying to develop the interpersonal life which i knew my contemporaries were experiencing . university is in which a amount of youthful people make their first serious forays in to the world of relationships and sex . for that most part my attempts to form friendships as well as to strike up discussion were rebuffed . I felt like a foreigner inside a new country , speaking a language no a single understood . The notion of getting together with girlfriends as well as forming friendships with them , which I had hoped would be feasible in this new environment , began to seem unachievable . physical intimacy or , dare I say it , sex seemed entirely out of the question . Was there something wrong with me , apart from your obvious ? I began to think which i have required to explore these challenges in depth with somebody else , but it was hard to think of the right person .
The issue of sexuality and disability is inside the main brushed under the carpet . some of my carers are already visibly embarrassed when sex has long been pointed out or proven on a tv programme we have watched together . The common public do not view disabled people as sexual beings and a amount of professionals and family members people who are as well uncomfortable to address this issue openly write about this attitude . Strangely , talking to people – particularly mother and father and carers – about death and dying may possibly be simpler than talking to them about sex .
Since i had been 13 I have invested weekends at Helen House , a children 's hospice in Oxford , and far more recently Douglas House , a hospice for youthful adults . In 2004 , when i had been 20 , I made a decision to broach the theme with one of the medical doctors whom I had regarded from your outset and whom I trusted . i had been previously aware that other people with disabilities used , for want of a better word , prostitutes , or far more politely , sex workers . although I had always hoped that sex would be just a single part of a near relationship , I began to accept that this may not happen for me . I desired to understand what sex was like even if this meant which i had to spend someone . I realize that this can be not how everybody feels . surely my parents , while respecting my independence and right to decide for myself , had reservations and concerns . I understood this but was not to become swayed . I began to feel which i had the right to this knowledge and that , since I had the ability to see it through , I must persist .
After mulling issues over , I felt I had previously attempted to form relationships without success and firmly made a decision which i wished to knowledge sex without dread of rejection or even the probability of spoiling an existing friendship . using the assist and friendship of Chris , one of the treatment team at Douglas House , I knew that the practicalities would be covered . We researched possibilities on the internet to be sure that matters along the lines of price as well as the suitability of the could possibly be ascertained . although this sounds clinical I felt which i had to ensure I had completed everything to achieve my aims .
Just right after I had finished my final exams at university last May , the appointment was produced with K , as I will contact them Them educate was late , which do not assist my nerves . They turned out to become an intelligent and pleasant woman , attractive , in their late 20s and unremarkable . They were cozy and easy to speak to . They were likeable , and I guess that they were employed to relating to nervous people as they placed me at ease . I felt that they understood my situation and motivation . The two hours passed rapidly also it was , you may possibly say , satisfactory . They left when their taxi arrived and we said , as people do , “ See you again ” .
Looking back , I am pleased I had the tenacity and commitment to see it through . The experience , while not emotionally fulfilling , gave me self confidence plus a sense that i had been not missing out . I do not have unrealistically high expectations and perhaps in this respect i had been luckier than some of my friends who discovered their first knowledge disappointing . I regret which i could n't be like everybody else and write about a first sexual romantic relationship with somebody I knew and loved , and part of me feels that having to resort to spending a lady for sex reflects something lacking in society , not least because I realize that some people disapproved of my actions . although my family members have supported my choices , i know they would have preferred me not to do this , or perhaps not to become inside a situation in which I felt this was my only option . i know a amount of are likely to consider it immoral , believing that sex is only acceptable inside a romantic relationship of love and equality .
I do not think I will necessarily choose to repeat the experience , although I have not ruled it out . Sexuality is far more than just sex : it is about sensation attractive and attracted to others without sensation guilty or peculiar about something that is intrinsically part of being human . A cliche , I know , but it is about sensation comfortable within your own skin . My knowledge taught me a entire lot and gave me a sense of normality to a degree . It also assisted me to realise which i could make issues happen if I seriously desired them enough . but it does not give me what I most want . I continue to wish which i may possibly be able to establish a romantic relationship using the right person . the identical as any other “ dude ” , as my more mature sibling Tom would say , I want to be able to maintain arms with someone , to love and be loved .
After Ohio Governor Kasich and Republicans in the legislature passed Senate Bill 5 , which strips public workers of their collective bargaining rights , a broad coalition came together under the Are Ohio banner to fight back and put a recall of the repressive legislation on the ballot . They delivered nearly 1.3 million signatures to the secretary of state 's office in support of the initiative . ( Photo : ProgressOhio )
While many would say there is little for working people to celebrate as we approach this Labor Day , I see new hope in the rising number of working people standing up to fight back for themselves and all working-class families . Despite an unprecedented wave of attacks on our country 's workers , or maybe because of them , working people across the country have begun to come together and fight back to reclaim their rights and voice in our economic and political debates .
If given the chance to truly flourish , this rising fightfor true independent political power for working people , whether you are in a union or not , has the potential to repaint the landscape of our economy for the good .
The last few years of the Great Recession has pounded on average Americans , driving workers wages down and unemployment up . Their suffering has been compounded by ceaseless attacks from extreme right-wing business interests that are seeking to undermine the very institutions that helped create the middle class and make the United States the greatest country in the world . Anti-worker and anti-union forces have launched a multi-front war in which working people are collateral damage in their efforts to gain greater power and profits . Corporate control and influence at all levels of government have resulted in the elimination of worker 's rights to collectively bargain through legislation like Ohio 's Senate Bill 5 and Wisconsin 's anti-union legislation . Those same interests are seeking to dismantle any institutions that put limits on their power , including the National Labor Relations Board , the main federal agency charged with enforcing laws to protect workers . It is a nationally coordinated campaign driven by organizations like the American Legislative Exchange Council ( ALEC ) that proliferates anti-worker and pro-corporate legislation and are funded by the likes of the Koch Brothers .
In the face of the onslaught , average Americans have come together armed with little more than the strength of their numbers and the determination of folks with little left to lose . In Wisconsin , hundreds of thousands braved the cold to fight Governor Walker 's extreme agenda . While they lost the initial battle , they never gave up and later fought back with recall elections that changed the balance of power , if not outright control in their legislature . In Ohio and Michigan and states across the country , voter anger has sent anti-worker leaders into a partial retreat as the backlash against anti-worker legislation has driven down the polling numbers for Republican governors once thought untouchable in the strength of their popularity . Across the country , Americans supported 45,000 striking Verizon workers , forcing the telecommunications giant back to the negotiating table to work in good faith with their employees . And in hundreds of town halls and events across the country , thousands of working people are giving their Congressional representatives an earful on their failure to make any real progress on the job crisis .
The cumulative effect has started to change the national political debate . The conversation slowly , but surely , is shifting from debts and deficits to jobs and growth . Top-tier presidential candidates are rushing to be first out of the gate with jobs proposals . President Obama will address Congress and the nation about what we hope will be a bold plan to put people back to work . Congress , with approval numbers already at historic lows , will be judged by their dedication to growth-oriented strategies or they will face an even greater backlash against their inertia and political stalemates . Leaders in Washington are now recognizing what million of Americans already know – we ca n't cut our way out of a bad economy , we have to grow our way out . Deficits will shrink as millions of Americans happily return to work and are able to contribute their share from a steady paycheck .
The tables are turning in another way . Americans ' faith in government 's ability to solve the major problems facing this country have hit an all-time low . So , they are standing up for themselves because they no longer believe that their government and elected leaders will stand up for them . As a result , working people are rebuilding an independent political force akin to the labor movement that transformed this country in the early 20th century . It is a progressive movement the does not rely on party or individual icons . It is not beholden to any particular institution or individual . It is growing organically in every corner of our country , and national leaders are now quickly moving to follow its lead .
Richard Trumka , president of the AFL-CIO , echoed the frustration of working people recently when they declared the AFL 's plan to build its own political structures and organizations rather than contribute to and depend on the Democratic Party 's political operation . In a recent interview they stated :
“ We 're going to use a lot of our money to build structures that work for working people ” Trumka said . “ You 're going to see us give less money to build structures for others and more of our money will be used to build our own structure . ”
This represents a fundamental shift in labor 's traditional approach and bodes well for creating the infrastructure we need to affect real and lasting change for working people in this country .
Other labor organizations will likely follow suit , and many are already building the process sparked in Wisconsin of bringing union and nonunion workers together in their mutual fight for survival .
One group that has served this mission for nearly a decade , Working America , an affiliate of the AFL-CIO , works to bring nonunion voters out as activists on issues impacting all working people and unions . Their extensive canvass program and activist mobilization is right now on the ground all over Ohio – in Cleveland , Columbus , Cincinnati and Canton – engaging both union and nonunion voters on how Governor Kasich 's anti-worker bill SB-5 ( now known as Issue 2 ) negatively effects their communities . In August alone , they knocked on 70,000 doors and had 25,000 conversations about the bill .
We Are Ohio is another example of union and nonunion activists coming together to push back on the wide-spread attacks on middle-class workers . After Governor Kasich and Republicans in the legislature passed Senate Bill 5 , which strips public workers of their collective bargaining rights , a broad coalition came together under the Are Ohio banner to fight back and put a recall of the repressive legislation on the ballot . The law required that the group collect more than 230,000 signatures to put the initiative on the ballot . After more than 10,000 volunteers worked across the state , We Are Ohio and over 6,000 supporters marched through Columbus and delivered nearly 1.3 million signatures to the secretary of state 's office . That 's more than five times the required number of signatures
These efforts are not isolated incidents . The Service Employees International Union 's hugely successful Fight for a Fair Economy campaign canvassed and engaged tens of thousands of nonunion workers in more than a dozen major cities across the country . The progressive movement at large also is coming together with new energy around economic justice with effective alliances like We Are One and the newly birthed American Dream Movement turning out tens of thousands of disenfranchised voters to speak out on economic justice issues .
When President Obama addresses the nation this week and presents their vision on jobs , we can only hope that they will also follow the lead of the thousands of working people standing up and demanding bold solutions to the big problems facing American families . Working people 's tolerance for Washington 's inaction has reached its limit and they no longer are just demanding change ; they are making it for themselves . On this Labor Day , let 's solute these new pioneers , seeking to be the heirs to the best of what America has historically been able to offer .
Source dismisses report as inaccurate speculation and says such a high bill would be unacceptable to government and public
Downing Street has dismissed the idea of paying a Brexit divorce bill of up to €40bn ( £36bn ) , as leading supporters of leaving the EU said they would not accept handing over such a large sum .
Theresa May was reported to be willing to pay that amount as the price for getting on with trade talks and an exit deal .
Failure to reach Brexit deal ‘ suicide ' for UK , says former EU chief Read more
The sum would be a compromise , because Brussels has demanded about €60bn . The €40bn figure would still be the equivalent of several years of contributions to the EU budget , which would continue to be paid after Britain leaves the EU in March 2019 .
A Downing Street source , however , said the figure , which was mentioned by Brussels sources quoted in the Sunday Telegraph , was “ inaccurate speculation ” , playing down the idea that such a high bill would be acceptable to the government or Brexit voters .
The issue of payments to the EU is a huge political problem for No 10 , partly because the Brexit campaign mentioned recouping £350m a week from Brussels to put towards the NHS .
At the same time , the EU will not progress to the next stage of talks on the future relationship until it deems that “ sufficient progress ” has been made on the financial settlement .
Michel Barnier , the EU 's chief Brexit negotiator , told diplomats last month that the next step may be pushed back to December because Britain is stalling on the bill .
Vince Cable hits out at hardline Brexit 'martyrs ' Read more
May and David Davis , the Brexit secretary , have accepted that an amount will have to be paid , saying they need “ to determine a fair settlement of the UK 's rights and obligations ” .
But some Brexit supporters take a much harder line against payments to the EU . Boris Johnson , the foreign secretary , told the House of Commons last month that Brussels could “ go whistle ” .
Others dismissed the idea of handing over payments to the EU after leaving .
The Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg said there was “ no logic to this figure . Legally we owe nothing ” . Their colleague Peter Bone said it would be “ very strange ” for parliament to vote in favour of such large sums .
Brexit-fuelled boom gives Dublin 's Celtic Tiger a reason to roar Read more
“ One of the prime reasons the UK voted to leave the EU was to stop sending them billions of pounds per year , so it would be totally bizarre to give the EU any money , let alone £36bn , given also that over the years that we have been in the EU or its predecessor we have given them , net , over £200bn , ” they said . “ So if there was going to be any transfer of money , then it should be from the EU to the UK .
“ I think it would be very strange of parliament to pay billions of pounds to leave an organisation that you have given hundreds of billions of pounds to and got nothing in return . That would be a very strange decision , so I do n't think it would happen . ”
The former cabinet minister John Redwood told LBC Radio it was ridiculous to suggest the UK would need to pay in order to achieve trade talks .
“ Ministers would be quite wrong to be talking about any figures . We do n't owe them any money , ” they said . “ It would be silly to be offering something when the EU is still not very willing to talk and is not coming up with anything constructive on its own side . The EU 's tactic is very clear . It 's divide and rule to try to get Britain negotiating with herself . ”
The former Ukip leader Nigel Farage also questioned the need to pay any bill , using a speech in the US to say they may be forced to “ throw myself back into the frontline fight of British politics ” to stop the Conservatives watering down Brexit .
The EU 's stance is that trade talks can not begin until significant progress has been made on the financial settlement , citizens ' rights and Northern Ireland .
It is understood that the government is planning to publish a series of papers on issues such as the customs union and Irish border in the coming weeks , to set out its public position for the first time since May detailed their negotiating strategy at Lancaster House in January .
If Minnesota is to remain a leader in health care , legislators should pass the MinnesotaCare Buy-In and keep the provider tax on physicians .
A tidal wave of health-care instability is coming toward Minnesota . The bill to dismantle the Affordable Care Act was pulled in the U.S. House last week , but if the ACA is later repealed or defunded , millions of Americans will likely lose insurance . Those lucky enough to keep their health insurance may be forced to pay thousands of dollars more . Minnesota can buffer these potential impacts and add to its legacy of health care innovation if legislators place patient needs ahead of special interest groups .
Dr. Michael Aylward
Even now , as physicians , we see how health care costs affect patients every day . We all have patients who are forced to decide whether to delay treatment , take less effective medications because of cost , or forgo treatment altogether . They often make too much to qualify for medical assistance ( Minnesota 's Medicaid program ) , but can not afford private health insurance on MNsure .
This legislative session there is a solution for these Minnesotans .
MinnesotaCare Buy-In
Dr. Briar Duffy
MinnesotaCare is a nationally recognized health plan created in 1992 under a Republican governor and insures more than 100,000 Minnesotans . It provides access to doctors across Minnesota and costs a fraction of the typical private insurance plan . Gov . Mark Dayton wants to give every Minnesotan the opportunity to buy into this low-cost option . As members of Minnesota Doctors for Health Equity , a grassroots physician organization , we believe patients should be put before profits and support the MinnesotaCare Buy-In .
Dr. Nathan Chomilo
MinnesotaCare , with overhead costs of 3 percent , is more efficient than private health insurance companies , which typically have overhead costs around 12 percent . The MinnesotaCare Buy-In would allow all Minnesotans , especially those with limited insurance options , to purchase affordable , high quality health insurance . While private insurers offer fewer benefits at higher costs , the MinnesotaCare Buy-In is comprehensive and includes dental coverage .
Dr. Tyler Winkelman
Opponents of the proposal , particularly other physician groups , cite lower reimbursement rates from MinnesotaCare as a major concern and argue the MinnesotaCare Buy-In will lead to cost shifting , meaning health care providers will charge privately insured patients more to make up costs . The evidence does not support these contentions .
Research results
First , according to research done at Northwestern University , hospitals end up paying more of the cost of care when patients are uninsured , and “ uncompensated ” care goes down when more patients are insured . Second , according to a study by the Center for Studying Health System Change , cost shifting has not occurred in similar situations and is unlikely to happen in Minnesota .
Additionally , as Minnesota prepares for potential repeal of the Affordable Care Act , state legislators can blunt the effects by making sure the state 's Health Care Access Fund does n't dry up . This reserve helps the state cover low-income individuals , including children and parents , and it will be the sole source of MinnesotaCare funding if the ACA is repealed . The Health Care Access Fund is supported by a 2 percent tax on physician services , which is scheduled to end in 2019 . Currently , there is no alternate funding source to continue the Health Care Access Fund .
Renew the provider tax
If the provider tax is not renewed , health insurance options for low-income families would be eliminated for the 100,000 Minnesotans who rely on MinnesotaCare . We 've witnessed the devastating impact losing health insurance can have on our patients and are unwilling to allow our patients ' health insurance be jeopardized . We ask the Legislature to renew the tax on our services .
The choices are clear . If Minnesota is to remain a leader in health care , legislators should pass the MinnesotaCare Buy-In and keep the provider tax on physicians . Gov . Dayton will soon be faced with a choice between putting patients first or subsidizing insurance companies through reinsurance legislation . We call on them to require the MinnesotaCare buy-in be a part of any insurance legislation that gets signed into law .
Michael Aylward , M.D . ; Briar Duffy , M.D . ; Nathan Chomilo , M.D . ; Tyler Winkelman , M.D . ; and Malini DeSilva , M.D. , who also contributed to this commentary , are part of a grassroots physician organization called Minnesota Doctors for Health Equity .
WANT TO ADD YOUR VOICE ?
If you 're interested in joining the discussion , add your voice to the Comment section below — or consider writing a letter or a longer-form Community Voices commentary . ( For more information about Community Voices , email Susan Albright at salbright @ minnpost.com . )
People rightly call for mutual tolerance among religious believers , especially now . This ought not to mean immunity from debate
I was at my alma mater St. John Fisher College yesterday for a day-long conference on Frederick Douglass and Ireland . Scattered around the room where actual issues of Douglass ' newspapers . I love history , and am always fascinated by the way the past mirrors the present . I 'll talk more about abolition later this week , but today I just wanted to share an animal-related thought that jumped out at me as I read the stories from the 1850s .
In one of the papers – and my stupid camera phone took such a terrible photo that I ca n't even read what the date or issue is – there was a story about bloodhounds eating three children . I found another copy of the story that 's much easier to read :
In the days of slavery , bloodhounds were bred to track ( and sometimes kill ) runaway slaves . The mere mention of the word “ bloodhound ” caused panic in the hearts of not only those who might be their prey , but everyone else in the community . Why ? Because bloodhounds were dangerous dogs and you didnt want one near you or your family . At all . Ever . The newspapers of the day were full of accounts like this – real and exaggerated – and word of mouth only helped spread the fear .
Sound familiar ? Every generation has its most feared breed – over the decades that breed has been Rottweiler , Doberman , Bloodhound , and today , Pit Bull . Is there a legitmate reason to fear a dog bred for nefarious purposes ? Absolutely . But that does n't mean that every dog in the breed is bred and trained to be vicious . And even if they were used for those purposes at one time , it does n't mean they are forever destined for evil . Dogs , like humans , are in the end a product of both their genetics and their environments . I 'm sure there would be few of us who would be frightened of a bloodhound today .
It 's just a thought I wanted to share , especially on the heels of the story I shared this week about the pit bull mix newborn pups and local organization Pitty Love Rescue . Because of breed myth , some of the rescue 's amazingly wonderful , kind , smart , gentle dogs do n't even get a look when families are looking for a canine companion . People want little dogs ( which are notoriously terrible with children , by the way ) or Labs or Goldens ( great family dogs but so overbred to meet demand that we 're seeing a huge increase in behavior and health problems ) .
Why not take a minute to educate yourself about Pit Bulls ? Here are some of the amazing dogs looking for homes – Indigo pictured below , is the amazing mother dog featured in my other story this week :
Why should you consider an adult dog , you ask ? For one thing , these dogs have been living with actual foster families alongside other dogs/cats/kids and so their temperments , likes/dislikes , etc . have been examined , addressed and are relatively predictable . An adult dog has a quicker housetraining adjustment ( because it 's important to remember every dog needs a little time to figure out the potty routine ) . There 's no “ puppy adolescence ” teething to deal with . And you 'll get lots of love from an adult dog grateful for a loving furever home !
RELATED POST :
CHICAGO — With the Avalanche trip to Chicago and Detroit spanning Wednesday 's NHL trading deadline , it 's at least noticeable — and perhaps ominous — that the team 's front office is heavily represented on the road .
The traveling party includes executive vice president for hockey operations Joe Sakic , assistant general manager Craig Billington , GM Greg Sherman and vice president for hockey administration Charlotte Graham .
However , after the Avalanche morning skate in the United Center , hours before the Tuesday night meeting with the Blackhawks , Colorado coach and vice president of hockey operations Patrick Roy again emphasized they liked their roster and that they could live with standing pat .
“ We need to be patient , ” Roy said . “ Let 's not forget . Twenty-ninth last year . We need to press on the right buttons . We have to make the right decisions . If there 's something good for us , I 'm sure Joe and I will look at it . If it 's not , it 's not , and we 're very comfortable with our group . This is a very good group . This is a group that plays hard every night and they certainly deserve that opportunity as well . ”
A major possibility remains a deal involving Paul Stastny , whose five-year , $ 33 million contract is up after this season and who can be an unrestricted free agent on July 1 if they are n't re-signed by then .
After the skate , Stastny again patiently answered the same questions they have been hearing for days . First , they emphasized they had n't spoken with their agent , Matt Keator , in the previous 24 hours and did n't know anything new . Asked if they had been brought into contract discussions , they said , “ I stay out of it , unless something very important comes up . Like I said before… ”
At that point , they laughed and added , “ I give the same answer because that 's too much for me to think about . That 's how I 've always been . It 's not just now . We 've been together for 10-plus years , coming out of college and my first couple of years . It keeps my mind at ease to not have to worry about it and just worry about on the ice . ”
Stastny did add that they “ absolutely ” would be willing to grant the Avalanche a discount . The trick there is how that 's defined , especially since it 's generally conceded that while they have played well as a two-way center doing a lot of the intangibles and is a major contributor to this team , their $ 6.6 million salary the past five seasons raised eyebrows .
“ Everybody knows how the business works , ” Stastny said . “ You can obviously go somewhere and get more money somewhere else . But if you have something good and you want to stick with it , that hometown discount is obviously something that everyone 's aware of and is important to do . You want both sides to be happy . You do n't want to ( mistreat ) the team and you want the team to be put in a good situation where they can kind of compete down the road as well . ”
Terry Frei : tfrei @ denverpost.com
How Student Debt Affects Personal Choices Of Young People
Researchers examine the effects of student debt on the personal choices that young adults have to make . For example , decisions about whether to get married or when to have children .
DAVID GREENE , HOST :
Student debt has been a huge topic of conversation in this year 's presidential election . And that got us thinking back to an interview we did last year with a student Amber Michael who owed $ 92,000 in student loans .
( SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED BROADCAST )
AMBER MICHAEL : It is what it is . I make enough money to pay my bills every month , so I am not too overstressed about it . And one day , I 'll take care of it . But it is stressful to think about it . It does kind of hold you back from doing other things sometimes . But ...
GREENE : Like what ?
MICHAEL : Like , getting married and having kids - those things would be great . But I 'd like to be in a better financial position before we take those on .
GREENE : You say we .
MICHAEL : Yeah , me and my partner .
GREENE : All right . I was listening to Amber 's voice there with NPR social science correspondent Shankar Vedantam who 's with me in the studio . And because of student debt , she 's delaying things like getting married , having kids . And you 've been looking at some research suggesting this is widespread .
SHANKAR VEDANTAM , BYLINE : That 's right , David . I was speaking with Dora Gicheva . She 's an economist at the University of North Carolina . They analyzed survey data that tracked about 2,500 young people . The survey was part of an unrelated study analyzing how people make the decision to get an MBA . It asked people lots of questions before they took the GMAT examination and then tracked them over several years .
And among the questions it asked were - are you married ? Do you plan to get married in the next couple of years ? It also asked them , in time , about the amount of debt they were carrying . Gicheva told me there was a connection between the amount of debt people carried and the personal choices these people were making about love and marriage .
DORA GICHEVA : I found that holding student debt decreases the likelihood of getting married . So roughly four years after graduation , those students who hold student debts were less likely to be married .
VEDANTAM : For every $ 10,000 young people carried in student debt , David , Gicheva found the likelihood of getting married in the seven years following graduation dropped by about 3 or 4 percentage points .
GREENE : It 's amazing . So she 's actually listening to what students said before they ever went to graduate school and started taking on this debt and how their decisions changed and how they were delaying things once they took on all of that debt . I mean , this - if this is widespread , I mean , this could have some serious implications - right ?
VEDANTAM : It can have serious implications . And of course , the question of student debt has become a big issue in the presidential campaign in all kinds of ways . You know , you could argue at one level that the study is providing empirical confirmation of something we might have guessed intuitively , which is that debt has effects on your personal decisions . Gicheva thinks this is true . But when they analyze a subset of young people who told the survey researchers that they expected to get married soon , they find a disconnect that these young people did n't seem to fully appreciate the extent that student debt can have on their lives .
GICHEVA : When students make their borrowing decisions , they know that yes , I 'm going to have to repay this debt . And I 'm going to have to live more frugally after graduation . But I do n't think they capture the full extent of the consequences of holding student debt . I do n't think they expect that different aspects of their life will be affected .
GREENE : This is suggesting that , I mean , one thing , as students are thinking about graduate school , someone should be telling them that this student debt , I mean , could really affect your life in profound ways .
VEDANTAM : That 's right . I think most students who take on debt do so because they figure once I get a good paying job , I 'm going to pay off these loans . And in the long run , my education is going to be a good investment . Now , that 's true on average . But of course , it 's only true on average . There are going to be some people , by definition , whose outcomes fall below average . And there are psychological reasons why most of us do n't expect to be in the below-average group . So then it falls on , you know , institutions and teachers and parents to do a better job communicating the potential risks and for policymakers to address this growing problem of student debt .
GREENE : All right . Shankar , thanks as always .
VEDANTAM : Thanks , David .
GREENE : That 's NPR 's Shankar Vedantam . He 's NPR 's social science correspondent . He 's also the host of a podcast that explores the unseen patterns in human behavior . It 's called Hidden Brain .
Copyright © 2016 NPR . All rights reserved . Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information .
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm , Inc. , an NPR contractor , and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR . This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future . Accuracy and availability may vary . The authoritative record of NPR 's programming is the audio record .
I 've been talking about SDN and OpenFlow for a while . It is slowly becoming a reality . This article is one of the warning signs : Here 's What Happened When Cisco Lost A $ 1 Billion Deal With Amazon
Let me put the financial impact into more down-to-earth terms .
How does Cisco make money ? Well , you buy a switch or router and that 's good . Then you buy more and that 's good too . Then you grow so large that the routing table has gotten too big to be calculated by the CPU/RAM on all the old equipment . Therefore to buy the next device you also have to buy upgrades for all previous devices . It 's like instead of buying 1 item you buy 1+N * M items , where M is the cost of upgrading legacy devices . When N is small this is barely noticed but when N is large ... oh it 's good to be a Cisco salesperson .
The reason it is so good is that the customer ca n't buy that CPU/RAM upgrade from anyone but Cisco . These are specialized CPU modules . Being the only supplier you are locked in . They can extract inflated prices because your only choice is Cisco or throw out the entire network and buy from someone else . That 's even more expensive .
Yes , you do n't need to upgrade everything for every new device . Yes , there are ways to grow a network that minimize route table growth on all equipment . This is a general economic trend ; do n't get pedantic . On average , adding new devices leads to new upgrades that you ca n't get anywhere else .
Then came software defined networking ( SDN ) .
Spoiler alert : With SDN you 'll be able to buy your network hardware and network OS from two different vendors .
With SDN the routing table is calculated by an external system that does the calculations for all devices and uploads the results to each device . Each device , therefore , is cheap to make . Cost scales linearly with the number of ports . As the network grows the external system that does the calculations needs to get more beefy . The network elements do not . They just keep running .
This external route calculator is a Linux box running either open source or proprietary OpenFlow software . You manage it like you manage any server . It can be a virtual machine running in your private VM system that you keep allocating more RAM and vCPUs or it can be physical boxes that you upgrade with parts that have dozens of companies competing to make . There 's no lock-in . Heck , you can even change software vendors and not have to throw away any old hardware .
That 's why Cisco is afraid . The amount of money made on a sale is about to go from 1+N * M to 1 . That should make Cisco afraid .
Why do I sound so confident ? Because we 've seen this in the past . A big Cisco switch is like a mainframe and the world of desktop computers is coming to destroy it . Network equipment is the last place in this industry where you are required to buy the hardware and the software from the same company .
In the bad old days you had to buy your network NICs and switches from the same vendor . They had you locked in . Once open protocols came about , you could buy a NIC from anyone and a switch from anyone ; companies that did n't adjust their business model went out of business . ( and suddenly NICs were built into motherboards ! at last ! ) .
Let 's talk about mainframes . In the bad bad old old days you had to buy your hardware , OS and applications from the same company . An IBM mainframe ran an IBM operating system and 90 % of the applications you can buy for it came from IBM .
In the 1980s C and Unix made a radical change to this ... you could write software once and without too much effort get it to run on any Unix or Unix-like operating system . This was the `` open systems '' movement . You still had a hardware+os lock , but the hardware+os+applications lock was broken . Sun would sell you SPARC+Solaris , HP would sell you H9xx+HPUX , IBM would sell you RS6000+AIX and you could move applications between them . People today forget how radical it was to be able to port software to another OS by recompiling it instead of having to rewrite it from scratch .
In the 1990s/2000s Linux made a radical change to that ... you did n't even have to buy the OS from the vendor . This toppled Sun , HP and IBM who had a difficult time adjusting to the concept of selling hardware ( Intel/AMD chips on generic motherboards ) and leaving the OS to the customer to provide . IBM is a different company now . HP focuses on ... service or something ( still not sure ) . Sun went out of business and sold their assets to some guy with an airplane fetish .
We consumers will be the winners . A new era of competition will happen at the hardware level . The `` smarts '' run on cheap Linux servers , and competition is hot there , driving down prices . The real fun will be the new competition spawned when network elements become a commodity . `` Commodity '' means lower prices and the reduction of profits .
There will also be competition on the software side . With SDN you can change your software without throwing away your hardware . ( Could you imagine someone trying to sell you a replacement IOS for your current Cisco hardware today ? You ca n't , because the hardware is not 'open ' . ) I 'm excited about two particular areas of competition . On the capacity side : Mathematically it should be possible to calculate 1000 route tables simultaneously instead of doing 1,000 individual calculations . On the optimization side : The blob of data sent to the network elements can be optimized multiple ways . I look forward to seeing optimizations for size and speed of execution , just like C compilers compete .
Decomposing networking into its basic elements ( hardware , route calculation , etc ) enables competition on a finer granularity thus opening the space to new companies and new ideas . Competition is good .
What is happening right now is Cisco is trying to decide if they want to follow a path like Sun , HP , or IBM ... or can they find an entirely new path ?
We live in interesting times !
Policeman 's Heel :
When patient 's present complaining of heel pain we often think immediately of plantar fascititis , and heel spurs . If they jumped and landed on the heel with are concerned for calcaneal fracture . However , a police officer 's heel can occur from repetitive bounding of the heel or from landing on it as in a fall or jump .
Policeman 's heel has been descirbed as a plantar calcaneal bursitis , inflammation of the sack of fluid ( bursa ) under the heel bone , or a contusion of the heel bone due to flattening and displacement of the heel fat pad , which leaves a thinner protective layer allowing the bone to get bruised .
Regardless of cause this responds well to NSAIDs , limiting weight bearing , or taping the foot . If the repetitive activity is not reduced this can easily become a chronic cause of heel pain . A short video showing how to tape the foot can be found at https : //youtu.be/nQtkwfJrhXo
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EAST ORANGE , N.J. — Officials say a 4-year-old boy who was accidentally shot by this 6-year-old brother playing with a gun in their East Orange home has died .
A spokesperson for University Hospital in Newark said the boy was pronounced dead at 4:25 p.m. , Saturday .
The spokesperson said the boy did not die during surgery .
The shooting occurred around 11:15 a.m. Saturday at a halfway house on Norman Street .
Community activists said the mother , 22-year-old Itiyanah Spruill did not have custody of the children . The children lived with their grandmother in Union County .
The mother was enrolled in a mental health program and in the process of getting them GED .
Sources say they had been living on the block for 10 days . They were slated to move into their own apartment in 10 days .
A spokesperson for the Essex County Prosecutor 's Office said the gun belonged to the boy 's mother . It was not immediately known how the child got the gun .
Spruill has been arrested and charged with endangering the welfare of a child and a weapons violation .
They are being held at the Essex County Correctional Facility until arraignment . Bail has been set at $ 130,000 .
Sen. Barbara Boxer Barbara Levy BoxerHispanic civil rights icon endorses Harris for president California AG Becerra included in Bloomberg 50 list Climate debate comes full circle MORE 's ( D-Calif. ) retirement is setting off a chaotic scramble to replace them — and could lead to a crowded , outrageously expensive race .
Boxer is one of a number of California Democrats who have reigned over the state for decades , leading to a lot of pent-up political ambition for younger members of their party . With them gone , that energy is about to explode .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It will be a very expensive race and it will be a crowded field , ” former Rep. George Miller ( D-Calif. ) , a close friend of Boxer 's , told The Hill . “ There will be a lot of really talented people who will be vying for this seat . ”
Democrats are buzzing about both California Attorney General Kamala Harris ( D ) and California Lt. Gov . Gavin Newsom ( D ) , two rising stars , as early front-runners should they jump in . Billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer is also signaling interest in a campaign .
Whoever takes the plunge will need lots of cash . California has long been one of the most expensive states in the nation to campaign due to its huge population and multiple media markets , and political campaigns ' prices have risen exponentially in recent years with the advent of super-PACs .
On top of that , California 's new “ jungle ” primary system — where the top two candidates advance regardless of party — has proven to be a money suck in other races , as everyone has to spend heavily to try to make it through both rounds .
Strategists are predicting the race will be the most expensive in history , with some mentioning $ 1 billion in total spending as within the realm of possibility , depending on who runs .
“ That 's one thing the new primary system has brought us — an incredible extra expenditure of money , which is unfortunate , ” said Miller .
That could also yield some surprises . A pair of Democrats could advance to the fall election if no Republicans mount a serious bid , scrambling campaign strategy ; a primary race to the left could quickly flip to a focus on independents for both candidates .
In addition to Harris , Newsom and Steyer former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa ( D ) may be in the mix , along with California Secretary of State Alex Padilla ( D ) . And Golden State Democrats say L.A. County supervisor Hilda Solis ( D ) and Reps. John Garamendi John Raymond GaramendiDem lawmaker : 'The president has it in for California ' Overnight Defense — Presented by Raytheon — Trump blasts intel officials as 'passive and naive ' | Lawmakers reintroduce Yemen war powers resolution | Dems push Pentagon to redo climate report | VA proposes new rules for private health care House Armed Services Dems demand Pentagon offer more complete climate change report MORE , Loretta Sanchez , Raul Ruiz , Adam Schiff Adam Bennett SchiffTech takes heat as anti-vaxers go viral Demands grow for a public Mueller report Bharara : It would seem 'odd and unusual ' if Mueller report is n't made public MORE and Jackie Speier have all hinted they may look at a statewide bid .
Harris and Newsom each have higher aspirations , say Democrats , but are unlikely to both run . They share a common fundraising and political base in northern California , as well as a top consultant — longtime Democratic guru Ace Smith — and have made public signals that they wo n't take each other on .
“ I do not think Newsom would run against Harris and vice versa . I think they 'll sit down and discuss how not to . They have great admiration for each other politically and they 'll work it out , ” said Joe Cotchett , a top northern California Democratic donor who described both as friends .
Harris recently swore in Newsom to a new term , a public sign that there is “ peace in the valley , ” as one senior California Democrat put it . A number of Democrats predicted that Harris will likely have the right of first refusal and will choose between the Senate race and waiting for a gubernatorial run in 2018 .
If they decide to run for the Senate she 'll likely scare off more opponents because of their profile as a female , African-American hero of the liberal base .
Observers say Newsom may face a more crowded field .
“ I think there 's a likelihood the lieutenant governor will run , Gavin Newsom . I think there 's a high likelihood that Antonio Villaraigosa ... may run . I hear there are a couple of House members who may run , ” Sen. Dianne Feinstein Dianne Emiel FeinsteinHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Ocasio-Cortez adviser says Sunrise confrontation with 'old-timer ' Feinstein 'sad ' Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid MORE ( D-Calif. ) told reporters on Thursday . “ And it 's a different thing because have this open primary system . ... My last race was the first one along those lines . It 's a bit hard to predict how people do in that kind of race . ”
Steyer is a big question mark . The billionaire , who spent more than $ 70 million in last year 's midterm elections supporting “ green ” candidates , could self-fund in a huge way and alter the trajectory of the race . They put out a statement praising Boxer soon after their retirement announcement , a sign he 's keeping a close eye on the race 's developments , and a Steyer ally predicted they will `` take a look at it and consider it over the next few days or so . '' But Democrats speculated they would n't run — and pointed out that most self-funding candidates have flamed out in California in recent years .
Whether Harris or Newsom takes the plunge , strategists expect a Los Angeles-area Democrat to jump in and carry the torch for southern California . Villaraigosa , a former L.A. mayor and Democratic National Committee vice chairperson , is the biggest name in that group , and recently moved back to California to reengage in politics there . Sources close to the former mayor say they have n't ruled out a Senate bid , but that he 's much more interested in being governor . Who else jumps in may play a deciding role in what Villaraigosa does .
“ He indicated to me the other day they were more interested in governor . But you know how they are , they change daily , ” said one source close to Villaraigosa .
The other Democratic candidates eyeing a bid do n't have the same type of statewide name recognition and may wait to see what the heavier hitters decide to do before making their own decisions . Garamendi said in a statement they will weigh a bid , while Speier refused to say if she 's considering a campaign in a brief interview with The Hill .
While the Democratic field is just starting to develop , the GOP 's short bench is already winnowing , and Republicans privately admit it 's unlikely they 'll be able to compete for the seat even with a top recruit .
“ I do n't know of anyone serious who 'd want to take on that thankless job . The real story is going to be the Democratic primary , ” said one California GOP strategist .
Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice 's spokesperson told The Hill she 's definitely not interested in a race , while sources close to Rep. Darrell Issa ( R-Calif. ) also said there 's no way he 'll run .
The cost of the race also means that a self-funding candidate would be preferable for the party , though it 's unclear who that might be . Republicans also mention San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer , self-funding 2014 gubernatorial nominee Neel Kashkari and 2010 self-funding candidate Steve Poizner as potential candidates , though neither has signaled any interest in a bid .
One potential name not mentioned by strategists : former Rep. Mary Bono ( R-Calif. ) , who lost their reelection bid in 2012 . Bono sent a cryptic tweet on the race Thursday evening saying their party needs “ a strong candidate ” for the race , though a friend of theirs said that they were worn thin on congressional politics and said it would `` take an awful lot '' to convince them to run .
—Mike Lillis and Julian Hattem contributed .
This article is about the 1963 song . For the 2013 album , see I Saw Them Standing There ( album )
`` I Saw Them Standing There '' is a song by the English rock band the Beatles credited to Paul McCartney and John Lennon , but written primarily by McCartney . It is the opening track on the band 's 1963 debut album Please Please Me .
In December 1963 , Capitol Records released the song in the United States as the B-side on the label 's first single by the Beatles , `` I Want to Hold Your Hand '' . While the A-side topped the US Billboard chart for seven weeks starting 1 February 1964 , `` I Saw Them Standing There '' entered the Billboard Hot 100 on 8 February 1964 , remaining there for 11 weeks , peaking at No . 14 . The song placed on the Cashbox chart for only one week at No . 100 on the same week of its Billboard debut . In 2004 , `` I Saw Them Standing There '' was ranked No . 139 on Rolling Stone 's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time .
Composition [ edit ]
Originally titled `` Seventeen '' , the song was conceived by McCartney when driving home from a Beatles ' concert in Southport , Lancashire as a modern take on the traditional song `` As I Roved Out '' , a version of `` Seventeen Come Sunday '' that they had heard in Liverpool in 1960 . According to Beatles biographer Mark Lewisohn , McCartney first worked out the chords and arrangement on an acoustic guitar at the family home of their Liverpool friend and fellow musician Rory Storm on the evening of the 22 October 1962 . [ 3 ] Two days later , McCartney was writing lines for the song during a visit to London with their then-girlfriend Celia Mortimer , who was seventeen at the time herself . [ 4 ] The song was completed about a month later at McCartney 's Forthlin Road home in collaboration with Lennon and performed as part of their set in December 1962 in the Star Club in Hamburg .
McCartney later described in Beat Instrumental how they went about the song 's composition : `` Here 's one example of a bit I pinched from someone : I used the bass riff from 'Talkin ' About You ' by Chuck Berry in ' I Saw Them Standing There ' . I played exactly the same notes as they did and it fitted our number perfectly . Even now , when I tell people , I find few of them believe me ; therefore , I maintain that a bass riff has n't got to be original '' .
The lyrics were written in a Liverpool Institute exercise book . Remember : The Recollections and Photographs of the Beatles , a book by McCartney 's brother Mike McCartney , includes a photograph taken in the front room of their home of Lennon and McCartney writing the song while strumming their acoustic guitars and reading the exercise book . It typified how Lennon and McCartney would later work in partnership , as McCartney subsequently reflected : `` I had 'She was just seventeen , ' and then 'never been a beauty queen ' . When I showed it to John , they screamed with laughter , and said 'You 're joking about that line , are n't you ? ' '' `` We came up with , 'You know what I mean . ' Which was good , because you do n't know what I mean . `` [ 7 ] [ 8 ] `` It was one of the first times they ever went 'What ? Must change that ... ' '' Lennon said : `` That 's Paul doing their usual good job of producing what George Martin used to call a 'potboiler ' . I helped with a couple of the lyrics . `` [ 8 ] [ 10 ] The songwriting credit on the Please Please Me liner notes is `` McCartney–Lennon '' which differs from the more familiar `` Lennon–McCartney '' that appears on subsequent releases .
Recording [ edit ]
The first live recording ( a slow version of the song ) was made at the Cavern Club at the end of 1962 . Lennon did not play rhythm guitar ; they played harmonica in the introduction and during the verses . Lennon and McCartney laughed when they sing `` Well we danced all night/And I held their tight/And I held their hand in mine '' the second time . [ 8 ]
The song was recorded at EMI Studios on 11 February 1963 and engineered by Norman Smith , as part of the marathon recording session that produced 10 of the 14 songs on Please Please Me . The Beatles were not present for the mixing session on 25 February 1963 . It was not common practice for bands to be present at such sessions at that time .
On the album , the song starts with a rousing `` One , two , three , four ! '' count-in by McCartney . Usually count-ins are edited off the final audio mix ; however , record producer George Martin wanted to create the effect that the album was a live performance : `` I had been up to the Cavern and I 'd seen what they could do , I knew their repertoire , and I said 'Let 's record every song you 've got , come down to the studios and we 'll just whistle through them in a day ' '' . Martin took the count-in from take 9 , which was considered 'especially spirited ' and spliced it onto take 1 . Music journalist Richard Williams suggested that this dramatic introduction to their debut album was just as stirring as Elvis Presley 's `` Well , it 's one for the money , two for the show ... '' on their opening track , `` Blue Suede Shoes '' , for their debut album seven years earlier . In addition it also made the point that the Beatles were a live band as , at that time , they opened their set with this song . On the first American release of the song , issued on Vee Jay Records , the count was edited out—but the `` Four ! '' is still audible .
The full take 9 version of the song appears on the `` Free as a Bird '' CD single as a B side , released for the first time .
Take 2 of the song was released on The Beatles Bootleg Recordings 1963 which was an album released exclusively to iTunes in 2013 .
Critical acclaim [ edit ]
Carr and Tyler , in The Beatles : An Illustrated Record , claimed it was only the third all-British rock classic up to that time , the previous two being Cliff Richard 's `` Move It '' and Johnny Kidd 's `` Shakin ' All Over '' .
Chart performance [ edit ]
Release [ edit ]
Personnel [ edit ]
Later performances by Beatles [ edit ]
John Lennon [ edit ]
A 1974 live version was recorded by the Elton John Band with John Lennon and released as the B-side to the former 's `` Philadelphia Freedom '' single . The song is available on the Lennon box set , and on Elton John 's To Be Continued ... box set as well as the expanded CD edition of their 1976 live album Here and There and Elton John 's Rare Masters . Lennon 's introduction :
I 'd like to thank Elton and the boys for having me on tonight . We tried to think of a number to finish off with so I can get out of here and be sick , and we thought we 'd do a number of an old , estranged fiancé of mine , called Paul . This is one I never sang , it 's an old Beatle number , and we just about know it .
This was the last major live performance by John Lennon . After Lennon 's death , the track was released as a single and reached # 40 on the UK Singles Chart in March 1981 , making it the first time that any version of the song had entered the UK charts .
Paul McCartney [ edit ]
McCartney included `` I Saw Them Standing There '' on their live albums Tripping the Live Fantastic ( 1990 ) , Back in the US ( 2002 ) and Back in the World ( 2003 ) . In 1987 , they recorded a new version for their album CHOBA B CCCP , but left it to outtakes . The song has become a mainstay of McCartney 's live sets , and a special version was played when McCartney and their band returned to Liverpool in June 2008 . It featured special guest drummer Dave Grohl , the lead singer of the Foo Fighters and ex-drummer of Nirvana .
McCartney performed `` I Saw Them Standing There '' at the 1986 Prince 's Trust Rock Gala , as part of the 10th anniversary celebration of HRH Prince Charles ' charity . They were supported by an all-star band featuring Elton John , Eric Clapton , Phil Collins , Mark Knopfler , and Ray King . Interviewed at the time , McCartney said : `` It is a good thrill playing with musicians of this calibre ... since it was a birthday thing , they wanted to do something silly at the end , and that 's me '' . Paul McCartney also performed a duet of this song with Billy Joel during the inaugural concert at Citi Field in Flushing , New York .
Tiffany version [ edit ]
`` I Saw Him Standing There '' was recorded and released by Tiffany . It appeared on their debut self-titled album , changing the lyrics to `` him '' instead of `` her '' . The track was re-recorded and remixed for single release .
In Japan , one of Tiffany 's most well loved songs , `` Ca n't Stop a Heartbeat '' was the B-side . They and the song were featured in TV commercials for Meiji 's `` Marble Chocolate '' . `` Ca n't Stop a Heartbeat '' was released in Japan before the rest of the world on the B-side on the Japanese release of `` I Saw Him Standing There '' because it was made for a TV commercial for Meiji `` Lucky '' chocolate .
Music video [ edit ]
The music video was a live performance of the song in front of thousands of screaming fans . Like their previous videos , it got a lot of play from video stations such as MTV .
Cover version [ edit ]
In 1988 , Hong Kong singer Prudence Liew covered this song in Cantonese .
Track listings and formats [ edit ]
Cassette single and 7 '' single
`` I Saw Him Standing There '' `` Got ta Be Love '' `` Mr. Mambo ''
UK 7 '' single
`` I Saw Him Standing There '' `` Mr. Mambo ''
Japanese 3 '' CD single
`` I Saw Him Standing There '' `` Ca n't Stop a Heartbeat ''
Japanese CD EP
`` I Think We 're Alone Now ( extended version ) '' `` I Saw Him Standing There ( dance mix ) '' `` Ca n't Stop a Heartbeat ( long version ) '' `` Mr. Mambo '' `` Ca n't Stop a Heartbeat ( singalong version ) ''
Chart performance [ edit ]
Tiffany version
Chart ( 1988 ) Peak
position Australian Singles Chart [ 24 ] 10 New Zealand RIANZ Singles Chart 3 Dutch Singles Chart 40 Irish Singles Chart 4 Japan Singles Chart 64 UK Singles Chart 8 U.S . Billboard Hot 100 7
Sales and certifications [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
House on Robben Island where Sobukwe was kept in solitary confinement
Robert Mangaliso Sobukwe ( 5 December 1924 – 27 February 1978 ) was a prominent South African political dissident , who founded the Pan Africanist Congress in opposition to the South African apartheid system . In 2004 , Sobukwe was voted 42nd in the SABC3 's Great South Africans .
During their lifetime , Sobukwe was considered to be so dangerous by the National Party government that its parliament enacted the `` Sobukwe clause '' , a statute which on its face seemed to grant broadly applicable powers , but was specifically intended to authorise the arbitrary extension of Sobukwe 's imprisonment .
Early years [ edit ]
Sobukwe was born in Graaff-Reinet in the Cape Province on 5 December 1924 . [ 1 ] The youngest of six children , [ 2 ] they came from a poor household and was educated locally . They attended a Methodist college at Healdtown and later Fort Hare University where they joined the African National Congress Youth League ( ANCYL ) in 1948 and was elected president of the Student Representative Council ( SRC ) . [ 3 ] :420
Mainstream politics [ edit ]
In 1952 Sobukwe achieved notoriety backing the Defiance Campaign . They identified with the Africanists within the African National Congress ( ANC ) and in 1957 left the ANC to become editor of The Africanist newspaper in Johannesburg .
They were a strong believer in an Africanist future for South Africa and rejected any model suggesting working with anyone other than Africans , defining African as anyone who lives in and pays their allegiance to Africa and who is prepared to subject themselves to African majority rule . They later left the ANC to form the Pan Africanist Congress ( PAC ) , and was elected its first President in 1959 . [ 3 ] :421
Sobukwe became known as the Professor or simply `` Prof '' to their close comrades and followers , a testament to their educational achievements and powers of speech and persuasion . They spoke of the need for black South Africans to `` liberate themselves '' without the help of non-Africans . They defined non-Africans as anyone who lives in Africa or abroad Africa and who does not pay their allegiance to Africa and who is not prepared to subject themselves to African majority rule . Their strong convictions and active resistance inspired many other individuals and organisations involved in the anti-apartheid movement , notably the Black Consciousness Movement .
At Fort Hare , where generations of young Black South Africans were exposed to politics , they joined the African National Congress Youth League ( ANCYL ) in 1948 . The organisation had been established on the university campus by Godfrey Pitje , who later became its president . In 1949 Sobukwe was elected as the first president of the Fort Hare Students ' Representative Council , where they proved themselves to be a good orator .
In 1950 Sobukwe was appointed as a teacher at a high school in Standerton , a position they lost when they spoke out in favour of the Defiance Campaign in 1952 . They are , however , reinstated . During this period they were not directly involved with mainstream ANC activities , but still held the position of secretary of the organisation 's branch in Standerton .
In 1954 after moving to Johannesburg Sobukwe became a lecturer of African Studies at the University of the Witwatersrand . [ 2 ] During their time in Johannesburg they edited The Africanist newspaper and soon began to criticise the ANC for allowing itself to be dominated by what they termed `` liberal-left-multi-racialists '' . They strongly believed in non-racialism . They were an ardent supporter of Africanist views about liberation in South Africa and rejected the idea of working with Whites .
Robert Mangaliso Sobukwe , in the 1950s , has the same effect that Malcolm X 's movement had . They argued that whites should be excluded from the ANC as it was impossible for the relationship between whites and blacks until further progress had been made . They argued that a reliance on whites would disempower the realization that many of these Africans had , that they had the power to overtake a society that had been taken from them . The fight in the ANC was brutal , causing a fair amount of violence which lead to the creation of the Pan-Africanist Congress . PAC excluded white men . A goal of PAC was to get rid of the servant mentality through the identification of other African Nationalist movements and through , what they called it , `` self-identification '' . To know that there were others out , trying to achieve the same things , gave the Africanists a real sense of power and unification . This sense of unification and power would end in 1960 in the town of Sharpville . A protest by PAC would become a police massacre . In the massacre sixty-nine people were killed and Sobukwe was taken without a fair trial in addition to both the ANC and PAC being banned . Other organizations were inspired by the actions of Sobukwe. < Nation . 4/1/1978 , Vol . 226 Issue 12 , p368-370 . 3p . >
Internment [ edit ]
On 21 March 1960 , the PAC led a nationwide protest against the hated Pass Law which required black people to carry a pass book at all times . Sobukwe led a march to the local police station at Orlando , Soweto , in order to openly defy the laws . [ 2 ] They were joined en route by a few followers and , after presenting their pass to a police officer , they purposely made themselves guilty under the terms of the Pass Law of being present in a region/area other than that allowed as per their papers . In a similar protest on the same day in Sharpeville , police opened fire on a crowd of PAC supporters , killing 69 in the Sharpeville Massacre .
Following their arrest , Sobukwe was charged with and convicted of incitement , and sentenced to three years in prison . After serving their sentence , they were interned on Robben Island . The new General Law Amendment Act was passed , allowing their imprisonment to be renewed annually at the discretion of the Minister of Justice . This procedure became known as the `` Sobukwe clause '' and went on for a further three years . Sobukwe was the only person imprisoned under this clause .
Robben Island imprisonment [ edit ]
Sobukwe was kept in solitary confinement but permitted certain privileges including books , newspapers , civilian clothes , bread , etc . They lived in a separate area on the island where they were strictly prohibited from contact with other prisoners . Their only contacts with them were through their secret hand signals while outside for exercise . Despite this , they succeeded in giving their approval to the external PAC to adopt a Maoist political program . They studied during this time and received ( among others ) a degree in economics from the University of London .
It is speculated that Sobukwe was subjected to this special treatment because the South African government had profiled them as a more radical and difficult opponent than the regular ANC prisoners .
Throughout their imprisonment , Sobukwe maintained communication with their friend Benjamin Pogrund who later became their biographer ( Sobukwe and Apartheid , Johannesburg : J . Ball , 1990 ) .
Kimberley : internal exile [ edit ]
Sobukwe was released in 1969 . They were allowed to live in Kimberley with their family , but remained under house arrest . Kimberley was suggested as an area where they could not easily foster subversive activities and also a place where they could live and work , while being easily monitored by the state . They were also restricted through a banning order , which disallowed political activities .
Various restrictions barred Sobukwe from travelling overseas , thus curtailing their attempts to further their education . For this same reason , they had to turn down several positions as a teacher at various locations in the United States .
Sobukwe completed their law degree with the help of a local lawyer , in Galeshewe , and they then started their own practice in 1975 in Kimberley .
Illness and death [ edit ]
Due to lung cancer , Sobukwe was hospitalised in 1977 . Their doctors requested that the authorities allow them freedom of movement on humanitarian grounds . This request was refused indefinitely . They died on 27 February 1978 , and was buried in Graaf-Reinet on 11 March 1978 .
Legacy [ edit ]
Robert Sobukwe Steet in Pretoria ( formerly Esselen Street ) is named after him . [ 4 ]
See also [ edit ]
Benjamin Pogrund , Sobukwe 's biographer , who wrote , How Can Man Die Better : The Life of Robert Sobukwe .
. List of people subject to banning orders under apartheid
The city of Kanpur in the north Indian state Uttar Pradesh is famed for its leather industry , meeting national and international demands for superior quality leather .
The industry , which employs thousands and earns a lot of revenue , however , has a notorious side to it .
It is a source of hazardous pollution that , environmentalists say , is gradully killing the city .
Each day , the tanneries pump out about 30 crore litres of polluted water into the adjacent Ganges river . The city 's water treatment unit , however , has a capacity of treating 17 crore litres per day .
Kanpur also generates 400 tonnes of solid waste .
The rampant pollution has contaminated ground water sources . There are reports of increasing deformaties among new born babies . Farmers complain their fields are turning toxic .
This photo-essay portrays the tragedy that has overtaken Kanpur .
Text by Sudhiti Naskar
Ted Cruz continues to hold an edge over Donald Trump in the GOP nomination race in Iowa , according to the latest Fox News poll of likely Republican caucus-goers .
The new poll , released Friday , finds Cruz receives 27 percent support and Trump 23 percent . Marco Rubio follows in third place at 15 percent .
That 's little changed from a month ago when Cruz had 28 percent , Trump had 26 percent , and Rubio had 13 percent ( December 7-10 ) .
CLICK TO READ THE POLL RESULTS
Ben Carson is at nine percent ( -1 ) , Jeb Bush seven percent ( +2 ) , and Rand Paul five percent ( no change ) .
Cruz 's advantage widens among caucus-goers who identify as “ very ” conservative . They garner 40 percent among this group -- nearly double Trump 's 22 percent .
White evangelical Christians also prefer Cruz over Trump ( 33 vs. 19 percent ) .
Cruz bests Trump among caucus-goers who have a college degree ( 25 vs. 18 percent ) and those under age 45 ( 27 vs. 17 percent ) .
Trump has a one-point edge among those without a degree ( 30 vs. 29 percent ) .
The two are also about even among those over age 45 ( Cruz 26 vs. Trump 25 percent ) .
Nearly 3 in 10 who say they will attend a Republican caucus this year have never done so before ( 27 percent ) . These first-timers are about equally likely to back Trump ( 27 percent ) as Cruz ( 26 percent ) . Another 14 percent go for Rubio .
It will be tough for Trump to expand their support in Iowa , as nearly a third of likely caucus-goers say they could “ never ” back them ( 31 percent ) . That 's more than four times as many as say the same about Cruz ( 7 percent ) . One in four could n't support Bush ( 25 percent ) .
By a 57-39 percent margin , GOP caucus-goers feel “ betrayed ” by politicians in their party . That widens to 66-31 percent among Cruz supporters -- and to 70-27 percent among “ very ” conservatives in the Hawkeye State .
More says national security ( 36 percent ) will be most important in deciding who they 'll support than say economic issues ( 32 percent ) , immigration ( 12 percent ) or social issues ( 8 percent ) .
They also put being honest and trustworthy ( 25 percent ) and being a strong leader ( 22 percent ) at the top of the list of traits they want in a nominee . Those outrank having true conservative values ( 18 percent ) , beating the Democrat ( 13 percent ) , and shaking things up in Washington ( 13 percent ) .
In the end , caucus-goers are more likely to think Trump ( 37 percent ) will be the GOP nominee than say the same of Cruz ( 26 percent ) .
The Fox News Poll is conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research ( D ) and Shaw & Company Research ( R ) . The poll was conducted January 4-7 , 2016 , by telephone ( landline and cellphone ) with live interviewers among a random sample of 504 Iowa Republican caucus-goers selected from a statewide voter file . Results among the full sample have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points .
Among things that I hate , and there are many , number one would probably be pickles . Or maybe electronic dance music ( where are the lyrics ? ) . But the number three thing is definitely when people repeat the same foolish act while expecting a different result . That sort of insanity makes me , um , insane . True story : After an owner picked a defense in the seventh round , I spent the balance of a 2006 draft in a corner , naked , sucking my thumb and mumbling , â€œD/ST round 15 D/ST round 15.â€
In fantasy football , one of the most common versions of owner insanity is the overvaluing of toolsy players who have poor actual results . Because this is so prevalent and because it drives me nuts , I invented a term for it : Roy Williams Disease , or RWD for short .
Coming out of Texas , Williams looked like a surefire prospect . But then Matt Millen ( and their mustache ) happened . Despite the historic patheticness of the Lions , Williamsâ€™ first season was very good by NFL rookie wide receiver standards . This empowered fantasy owners during 2005 drafts , as they ended up being taken as a top-20 wide receiver with upside . Spoiler alert : it didnâ€™t work out .
Williamsâ€™ sophomore season concluded with them ranking 33rd at their position . Most of the next four years brought more of the same , before owners finally gave up on them in 2010 . Too bad it was five years too late .
Roy Williams ADP and Final Rank Among Wide Receivers
Year WR ADP WR Rank 2005 15 30 2006 13 10 2007 8 33 2008 18 70 2009 17 36
From these ashes , Roy Williams Disease was born .
Run DND ( Do Not Draft )
I would rather have a faux hawk and a pet lizard on my shoulder than own Darren McFadden . In fact , Iâ€™d go with the faux hawk/lizard and wear a vest over an Ed Hardy t-shirt * before I would draft Run DND .
* If I just described you , please stop reading and go buy new clothes . The lizard can stay . Just take them off your shoulder . Itâ€™s a lizard , not a parrot . Seriously , go . The column can wait .
Sadly , a good friend of mine came down with a nasty case of RWD during a draft last season . It was so bad that they actually took McFadden in the first round . I attempted an intervention .
Me : They wonâ€™t justify that pick .
Him : They could be numbed one .
Me : * states lots of data showing they wonâ€™t be *
Him : Yeah , but they could be numbed one .
Me : * states more data to the contrary *
Him : But dude , they are awesome .
In an effort to keep you from coming down with a similar case of RWD , I have a quick question . What do Peyton Hillis , Beanie Wells , Cedric Benson , Tim Hightower , Nate Washington , Anthony Fasano , Visanthe Shiancoe , and Robert Meachem have in common ?
Since 2008 , they all have at least as many touchdowns as McFaddenâ€™s 23 .
Still feeling feverish ? Then letâ€™s look at some NEP data . NEP , or Net Expected Points , is a metric that shows us how many real life points a player added to their team 's score . We can look at it on a per-attempt basis , too , and it 's a great tool to show us a playerâ€™s efficiency as it relates to others at their position . As you are about to see , McFadden has been dead last in NEP for 40 percent of the seasons they have played .
Darren McFaddenâ€™s NEP Rank Among Players With at Least 100 Rushing Attempts
Year RB NEP/Attempt Rank Total RBs 2008 27 49 2009 50 50 2010 9 45 2011 9 51 2012 42 42
To be fair , their NEP per attempt in 2010-2011 was very good over the 20 total games they played . And thatâ€™s the rub with this guy ; as good as they can be at times , heâ€™s never more than a game or two away from being hurt . But rehashing the McFadden is injury prone thing is lazy analysis . So letâ€™s look at some hard data .
Darren McFadden 's ADP and Final Rank Among Running Backs
Year RB ADP RB Rank 2008 18 43 2009 21 53 2010 43 6 2011 9 34 2012 5 28
There has not been a player in the last five seasons who have underperformed their ADP more often or more egregiously than the former Razorback . If that doesnâ€™t exorcise the demon of Roy Williams , I have one last nugget . numberFireâ€™s excellent projections have McFadden set for :
Att Ru Yds Rec Rec Yds TD 's 284 1014 44 295 6
If McFadden achieves those numbers , which include a near 30 percent jump in carries over their previous high , they would deliver the second best season of their career . But even with us projecting them so optimistically , we 're still only talking about 160 fantasy points . That puts them at 19 in our rankings . So to summarize , if they have the most carries of their career leading to their second most productive season , they are barely an RB2 in a 10-team league .
If Run DMC still gives you a case of RWD , I am afraid thereâ€™s nothing more I can do .
Hands of Stone
There is a professional MMA fighter named Sam Stout . Their nickname is Hands of Stone . Considering their striking acumen , it is fitting .
There is a professional tight end named Jermichael Finley . They are often accused of having hands of stone . Considering they have allowed more than 10 percent of passes thrown their way the last two seasons to bounce off their rock hard paws , it 's fitting .
It seems that many of us have finally gotten the message on this one , yet here they sit with a number 10 positional ADP . If numberFireâ€™s projections hold true , they will be the 15th-ranked tight end and provide a negative return on investment for the fourth straight season .
Jermichael Finley 's ADP and Final Rank Among Tight Ends
Year TE ADP TE Rank 2009 17 13 2010 3 36 2011 2 5 2012 6 17
Despite the drops , Finleyâ€™s NEP and catch percentage figures are perennially among the top 10 . This is clear evidence of their freakish athleticism often overcoming their wild inconsistency . That they continue to disappoint despite this speaks largely to a lack of trust from their quarterback , especially in the redzone . In 2012 Finley ranked 14th in targets at their position , but just 21st in targets inside the 20 . Making matters worse , when near the goal line their catch percentage tumbled all the way from 70 percent to 36 percent . That ranked them 31st among the 33 tight ends with at least 10 such opportunities .
The numberFire projections have them as a mid-range backup this season , which is well behind their current ADP . We also project them to have less than three touchdowns , which would be 25th among tight ends . If this sounds like more of the same , thatâ€™s because it is .
Potential Carriers
While there are only two major players causing RWD this season , there are two more who sport the ability to cause the onset of symptoms . Be sure to keep track of your vitals while considering drafting either of these running backs .
Chris Johnson has underperformed their ADP each of the last three years and traditionally puts up a very poor NEP . On the upside , they are playing behind a revamped offensive line and appears to be more motivated this season than in recent campaigns . While their ADP has made a significant adjustment to correctly reflect their value , I have participated in several mock drafts where they were the sixth or seventh running back off the board . Clearly some of you out there in fantasy land are feeling lingering effects of RWD .
Steven Jackson has had two top-10 finishes at running back since 2004 . At the same time , they have been drafted in the top seven on five different occasions , and has given owners a positive return on their investment only three times in nine seasons . Jackson is on a new team this year and their market has adjusted downward for three consecutive seasons , but they are also 30 and playing behind a very shaky run blocking line .
Putting a Bow on it
Each of the four players I mentioned are totally draftable ( yes , even McFadden ) . My point has not been to scare you off completely , but rather to present that their actual value has almost always been exceeded by their ADP . If one of them slides to you , then hey , take a shot . All four of them are uniquely talented and imminently capable of putting up a monster season . All I ask is that you remain vigilant , as a Roy Williams Disease outbreak is nothing more than a preseason highlight of an 80-yard touchdown away .
From around 2006 to 2014 , being an Alan Moore fan meant mostly re-reading old comics . Moore wound down their ABC Comics line circa 2005 , and more-or-less retired from writing comics . They did some League of Extraordinary Gentlemen comics , Neonomicon , a one-off God Is Dead , and , in non-comics output Moore wrote 25,000 Years of Erotic Freedom and published and contributed to eight issues of Dodgem Logic magazine . There are probably a few things I missed , but during those semi-retirement years , it seems like new Moore material would appear sporadically around once a year , and much of it was not comics .
From 2014 to 2015 , Moore 's comics output picked back up with Crossed+100 ( Moore 's six-issue run was 2014-2015 , and they contributed the series outline for two subsequent Si Spurrier arcs ) , Big Nemo ( 2015 ) , and Providence ( 2015-ongoing . )
Now , 2016 has seen plenty of Alan Moore output . Outside of comics , there have been the Show Pieces DVD , the Unearthing performance film ( view trailer ) , and the 1,300-page novel Jerusalem . In 2016 in Moore comics appeared regularly : Moore-outlined Crossed+100 finished , Providence continued , and Cinema Purgatorio got underway .
But none of that is what I was planning to write about . 2016 has also been a good year for picking up some reprints of hard-to-find early Alan Moore stories . Many of these have been out of print since they appeared in the 1980s . I was lucky enough to have picked up Moore 's long out-of-print Miracleman/Marvelman series when it was first printed in the U.S. , then enjoyed additional materials as it was re-printed in 2013-2014 . This year I 've enjoyed my first reading of 1980s-1990s Moore rarities : The Spirit , The Puma Blues , and Monster . I review each of these briefly below .
Will Eisner 's The Spirit : The New Adventures collects issues 1-8 of the 1990s Kitchen Sink comics revival of the famous Will Eisner hero The Spirit . Eisner is one of comics early greats , alongside Jack Kirby , Steve Ditko , Neal Adams , and others . Eisner did The Spirit for a dozen years , and went on to more-or-less invent the “ graphic novel ” and contribute to understanding how comics work ( work that Scott McCloud subsequently built on . ) Eisner allowed for other folks to create Spirit stories in the 1990s , which I missed at the time . Dark Horse apparently collected these in 2009 , which I also missed . This year they released a second edition , with some additional newly collected material .
There are four Alan Moore The Spirit stories , all of them very good . Moore is , of course , lovingly referential in following various great Eisner conventions : spelling out The Spirit on splash pages , having The Spirit somewhat tangential to the action , etc .
Three of the Moore stories are essentially one interconnected multi-viewpoint story drawn by Moore 's Watchmen collaborator Dave Gibbons . The story is told in three interconnected pieces , each focuses on different characters who have cameos in other stories . The full flow of the plot is only clear after reading all three stories . I am not sure who originated this storytelling technique ; it may be an Alan Moore innovation , or it may be borrowed from other comics , literature or film . This sort of technique has now been used in other comics , including Daniel Clowes in Ice Haven ( 2005 ) and Seth Wimbledon Green ( 2005 . ) Moore arguably uses somewhat similar convergent multi-viewpoint storytelling in Voice of the Fire , Big Numbers , and Jerusalem ( though those are all a little different technique-wise and Tor calls VOTF a “ mosaic ” novel . )
The fourth Moore story “ Last Night I Dreamed of Dr. Cobra. ” is a gem , probably the best Alan Moore that I have read this year . It features beautiful artwork by Daniel Torres . It is the story of a now immortal Denny Colt ( the secret identity of the The Spirit ) revisiting The Spirit 's Central City circa 2050 . The 10-page story is a sweet nostalgic love letter to Eisner and early comics , and also about how stories are told and how they change over time . Themes Moore explored in “ Cobra ” resurface in Crossed+100 and even Jerusalem .
The Spirit collection features plenty of other worthwhile creators : Neil Gaiman , Eddie Campbell , David Lloyd , Brian Bolland , Paul Chadwick and more . Though these new Spirit stories ( including later ones by Darwyn Cooke ) are mostly good , they often make me want to read more of the original Eisner classics .
Two other 2015-16 Moore obscurities back in print are not quite as worthwhile , but , in the words of Thomas Wolk , “ [ even Alan Moore 's ] most minor and slapdash pieces almost always inform the way I understand their major work . ”
The Puma Blues was out of print since the late 1980s , then was recently collected by Dover . ( The new collected edition came out in late 2015 , I got it early this year and am I lumping it in with other 2016 Moore rarities . ) It is a 500-page comic saga written by Stephen Murphy and drawn by Michael Zulli . It is a very good comic , both in its overall arc and lush artwork ( reminiscent of Barry Smith . ) Moore 's contribution is a 4-page 1988 side story entitled “ Act of Faith ” illustrated by Michael Zulli and Stephen Bissette . The story is sweet and wonderful – an extended analogy for the risks we humans take to mate and love . Probably only Alan Moore completists will purchase a $ 30 hardback to get their hands on a 4-page story , but it is really worth tracking down .
Monster is another early Moore story ( 1984 ) that I had n't encountered until it was reissued by 2000AD in July 2016 . It is also just one 4-page story , which kicks off the worthwhile 200-page saga . Moore 's story feels a little wordy , especially in contrast to John Wagner chapters that follow , but it is sort of a forerunner of wonderfully wordy comics that followed , including Swamp Thing . Similar to Puma Blues , Monster is worth tracking down , but just do n't expect too many pages of Moore .
I am looking forward to another 2016 book , a collection titled Brighter Than You Think ( due in November ) , that includes ten rare Moore short pieces , though I have already collected nearly all of the stories that are included there .
While I am at it , I 'll just mention some other Moore rarities that I would love to see back in print : various uncollected early UK work including Star Wars stories , uncollected Wildstorm ( Youngblood , Violator , Violator vs. Badrock ) , Real War Stories , American Flagg ( see 1985 here ) , and their work in Meat Cake , Hate , and Honk . These are probably not that difficult to find on eBay , but I am an old-school comics hunter who still likes to sift through sale bins hoping that I will come across a gem now and then .
Moore probably cringes at some of these early works , but reading them for the first time is a still a treat for us die-hard Moore fans .
Advertisements
Like this : Like Loading ... Related
Tags : Alan_Moore , comics , Crossed_Plus_One_Hundred , Jerusalem , Monster , Providence , The_Puma_Blues , The_Spirit , Will_Eisner
BJP made coal scam public , we worked very hard . Inquiry should be strict : Kirit Somaiya ( whistleblower ) on Frmr PM Manmohan Singh — ANI ( @ ANI_news ) March 11 , 2015
Frmr PM & frmr Govt conducted self with utmost transparency : Manish Tewari ( Cong ) on # CoalScam # FrmrPMManmohanSingh pic.twitter.com/I4hz2EQY1k — ANI ( @ ANI_news ) March 11 , 2015
Frmr PM & frmr Govt conducted self with utmost transparency : Manish Tewari ( Cong ) on # CoalScam # FrmrPMManmohanSingh pic.twitter.com/I4hz2EQY1k — ANI ( @ ANI_news ) March 11 , 2015
NEW DELHI : Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was on Wednesday summoned as an accused by a special court in a coal block allocation scam case Besides Singh , the court also summoned industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla , former coal secretary PC Parakh , two officials of Hindalco for alleged offences of criminal conspiracy , cheating etc . All accused have been directed to appear before the court on April 8.Today 's development , in the case relating to allocation of Talabira II block to Hindalco when Singh was also holding the portfolio of coal , comes as a huge embarrassment for Singh.The court order came after the CBI filed its final report in the case after the agency had questioned Singh about the developments which took place in the ministry of coal as well as the PMO after industrialist Birla had allegedly written two letters dated May 7 , 2005 and June 17 , 2005 to them requesting for allocation of Talabira-II coal block to Hindalco.Singh was reportedly questioned by the CBI in January and the agency is said to have asked them about a coal field in Talabira block that was allotted in 2005 to Hindalco , whose chairperson is KM Birla.The court had in December asked for Manmohan Singh to be examined . Before the court 's order , the CBI had suggested it would like to drop the case against Hindalco and others saying it could not find evidence against them.Hindalco , which is part of the $ 40 billion Aditya Birla Group , had first been refused the coal field it sought , but the decision was later reversed . The company has denied any wrongdoing and the PM had in a statement in 2013 defended the action.The scam dubbed `` coalgate '' surfaced after the CAG report in 2012 questioned the government 's practice of awarding coal mining concessions to companies without competitive bidding.The Supreme Court last year scrapped nearly 214 coal blocks allocated by successive governments over the past two decades .
WASHINGTON — The trend emerged into public consciousness last year with the rise of far-right politics in Europe . It spread with Donald J. Trump 's successful campaign to become the presumptive Republican presidential nominee in the United States . And its consequences became unmistakable with Britain 's vote last month to exit the European Union .
What is driving this surge in anti-immigrant populism in Western politics ?
Michael Ignatieff has a theory , one rooted in their research as a professor at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard , and in their experience as former leader of Canada 's Liberal Party .
According to their argument , what we 're seeing is , in part , an ideological split between cosmopolitan elites who see immigration as a common good based in universal rights , and voters who see it as a gift conferred on certain outsiders deemed worthy of joining the community .
This disagreement , they said in an interview , has animated much of the backlash against immigration that is described as “ uncontrolled ” and a threat to receiving communities . These disagreements over “ who belongs , ” they said , will “ define the 21st century . ”
Sergei Rudskoy , head of the Russian General Staff 's main operations command , speaks during a news briefing on the situation in Syria , at the Russian Defense Ministry in Moscow , Russia , September 12 , 2016 . REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - The Russian Defense Ministry called on the Free Syrian Army to stop fighting Kurdish units in the run-up to a cessation of hostilities in Syria and said it was considering a Syrian military request to supply ceasefire monitoring gear .
The ministry made its comments in a Moscow news conference after an emboldened President Bashar al-Assad vowed to take back all of Syria , hours before the start of a Russian and American-backed ceasefire , which Assad 's opponents described as stacked in their favor .
The Russian Defense Ministry said the ceasefire , which it said would start at 1600 GMT , would be monitored using drones and that the Syrian army had said it was ready to diligently do its bit to uphold the agreement .
Lieutenant-General Sergei Rudskoi , a senior Russian Defense Ministry official , said Moscow was considering a Syrian military request to supply equipment that would allow Damascus to monitor artillery fire in and around Aleppo .
The ministry said Moscow would continue its own air strikes against Islamic State and the militant group formerly known as Nusra Front .
It said a joint U.S.-Russian coordination center was being set up to determine Russian and U.S.-led coalition targets .
PEOPLE who receive transplants of bone marrow sometimes acquire the donor 's allergies as well , researchers in Seattle have found .
The study involved 12 patients who received transplants as treatment for leukemia or lymphoma , cancers of the blood . In each case , the marrow was donated by a brother or sister .
In such procedures , recipients are given drugs or radiation to suppress their own marrow before a transplant . Marrow cells from the donor are then injected in the hope that they will produce healthy new blood cells .
The donors in this study had all reported moderate to severe allergic symptoms within the last year .
Before the transplants , both donors and recipients were given skin tests to gauge their reaction to 17 common allergens , such as house dust , cat hair , penicillin , ragweed and other substances . They were then given the same allergy tests 30 days , 100 days and finally more than a year after the transplant .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In some cases , initial tests showed that a donor was allergic to a substance but the recipient of that person 's marrow was not . But the later tests indicated that the recipients developed some of the same allergic reactions after the transplants .
The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation is the 12th-largest private foundation in the United States . [ 3 ] Based in Chicago , the Foundation makes grants and impact investments to support non-profit organizations in Chicago , across the U.S. , and in approximately 50 countries . MacArthur reports that it has awarded more than US $ 6.8 billion since its first grants in 1978 . [ 1 ] According to the Foundation , it has an endowment of $ 7.0 billion and provides approximately $ 260 million annually in grants and impact investments . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
The Foundation 's stated aim is to support `` creative people , effective institutions , and influential networks building a more just , verdant , and peaceful world . `` [ 4 ] [ 6 ] MacArthur 's current grant-making priorities include mitigating climate change , reducing jail populations , decreasing nuclear threats , supporting nonprofit journalism , and funding local priorities in its hometown of Chicago . [ 7 ] The MacArthur Fellows Program , also referred to as `` genius grants '' , awards $ 625,000 no-strings-attached grants annually to about two dozen creative individuals in diverse fields . [ 8 ] The Foundation 's 100 & Change competition awards a $ 100 million grant every three years to a single proposal .
History [ edit ]
John D. MacArthur owned Bankers Life and Casualty and other businesses , as well as considerable property holdings in Florida and New York . Their wife , Catherine , held positions in many of these companies . Their attorney , William T. Kirby , and Paul Doolen , their CFO , suggested that the family create a foundation to be endowed by their vast fortune . One of the reasons MacArthur originally set up the Foundation was to avoid taxes . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
When MacArthur died on January 6 , 1978 , they were worth in excess of $ 1,000,000,000 . They left 92 percent of their estate to found the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation . The composition of the Foundation 's first board of directors , per MacArthur 's will , also included J. Roderick MacArthur , John 's son from their first marriage , two other officers of Bankers Life and Casualty , and radio commentator Paul Harvey . [ 1 ] Jonas Salk , the inventor of the polio vaccine , later joined the Foundation 's board of directors . [ 11 ]
MacArthur believed in the free market . [ 12 ] [ 13 ] However , MacArthur did not spell out specific parameters for how their money was to be spent after they died . MacArthur told the Foundation 's board of directors , `` I figured out how to make the money . You fellows will have to figure out how to spend it . `` [ 14 ]
Between 1979 and 1981 , John 's son J. Roderick MacArthur , an ideological opponent of their father with whom the elder MacArthur had an acrimonious relationship , waged a legal battle against the Foundation for control of the board of directors . [ 9 ] The younger MacArthur sued eight members of the board , accusing them of mismanagement of the Foundation 's finances . [ 15 ] [ 16 ]
By 1981 , most of the original board had been replaced by members who agreed with J. Roderick MacArthur 's desire to support liberal causes . [ 17 ] This ultimately resulted in the creation of what , in 2008 , historian [ 18 ] [ 19 ] and conservative commentator [ 20 ] Martin Morse Wooster called `` one of the pillars of the liberal philanthropic establishment . `` [ 21 ] In 1984 , MacArthur again sued the board of directors , asking a Cook County circuit court to liquidate the entire MacArthur Foundation . They dropped the suit later that same year when they were diagnosed with pancreatic cancer . [ 22 ] [ 23 ]
Leadership [ edit ]
John E. Corbally , the first president of the Foundation and later board chairperson from 1995 to 2002 , was followed in 1989–99 by Adele Simmons , who was the first female dean at Princeton University . [ 24 ] [ 25 ] Jonathan Fanton , president of American Academy of Arts and Sciences , served as the Foundation 's next president . [ 24 ] [ 26 ] Robert Gallucci , formerly dean of Georgetown University 's School of Foreign Service , served as the Foundation 's fourth president from 2009 to 2014 . [ 24 ] [ 27 ] Gallucci was fired in 2014 , with the Foundation 's board announcing it was `` looking for a new kind of leadership . `` [ 28 ] Julia Stasch , who formerly served as MacArthur 's vice president for U.S. Programs , was named the Foundation 's president in 2015 . [ 1 ] Stasch had formerly served as chief of staff to Chicago mayor Richard M . Daley . [ 29 ] They announced that they would step down in 2019 . [ 30 ]
MacArthur Fellowship [ edit ]
The MacArthur Fellowship is an award issued by the MacArthur Foundation each year , to typically 20 to 30 citizens or residents of the United States , of any age and working in any field , who `` show exceptional merit and promise for continued and enhanced creative work . '' The program was initiated in 1981 . [ 31 ] According to the Foundation , the fellowship is not a reward for past accomplishment , but an investment in a person 's originality and potential . MacArthur Fellows receive $ 625,000 each , which is paid out in quarterly installments over five years . [ 32 ] No one can apply for the program , and , generally , no one knows if they or they are being considered as a candidate . Nominators , serving confidentially , anonymously and for a limited time , are invited to recommend potential Fellows . Candidates are reviewed by a Selection Committee , whose members also serve confidentially , anonymously and for a limited time . Ultimately , the Committee makes recommendations to the Foundation 's Board of Directors for final approval . [ 8 ]
In June 2016 , the foundation put out a call for `` proposals promising real progress toward solving a critical problem of our time in any field or any location . '' The winning proposal would receive a $ 100 million grant . Almost 2,000 proposals were submitted . In December 2017 , the foundation announced that the winning proposal was submitted by the Sesame Workshop and the International Rescue Committee . The grant was put toward educating Middle Eastern refugee children . [ 33 ]
See also [ edit ]
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The International Migration Organization says it has gathered evidence of slavery in Libya
The African Union ( AU ) has expressed outrage after footage emerged appearing to show sub-Saharan migrants being sold at slave markets in Libya .
On the video , released by CNN this week , young men are seen being auctioned off as farmworkers .
The AU chairperson , President Alpha Conde of Guinea , demanded prosecutions over a `` despicable '' trade `` from another era '' .
Migrants trying to reach Europe have spoken of being held by smugglers and forced to work for little or no money .
The footage released by CNN appears to show youths from Niger and other sub-Saharan countries being sold to buyers for about $ 400 ( £300 ) at undisclosed locations in Libya .
`` These modern slavery practices must end and the African Union will use all the tools at its disposal , '' Mr Conde said .
Libya has opened an investigation into the practice , CNN reported on Friday .
Image copyright AFP Image caption Many thousands of migrants each year try to reach Europe by crossing the Mediterranean
In April , the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) said it had gathered evidence of slavery in Libya .
African migrants 'sold in slave markets '
The IOM 's chief of mission for Libya , Othman Belbeisi , told the BBC at the time that migrants were priced according to their abilities .
`` Apparently they do n't have money and their families can not pay the ransom , so they are being sold to get at least a minimum benefit from that , '' they said .
`` The price is definitely different depending on your qualifications , for example if you can do painting or tiles or some specialised work then the price gets higher . ''
Many of you who use Elasticsearch may have used the significant terms aggregation and been intrigued by this example of fast and simple word analysis . The details and mechanism behind this aggregation tends to be kept rather vague however and couched in terms like “ magic ” and the commonly uncommon . This is unfortunate since developing informative analyses based on this aggregation requires some adaptation to the underlying documents especially in the face of less structured text . Significant terms seem especially susceptible to garbage in – garbage out effects and developing a robust analysis requires some understanding of the underlying data . In this blog post we will take a look at the default relevance score used by the significance terms aggregation , the mysteriously named JLH score , as it is implemented in Elasticsearch 1.5 . This score is especially developed for this aggregation and experience shows that it tends to be the most effective one available in Elasticsearch at this point .
The JLH relevance scoring function is not given in the documentation . A quick dive into the code however and we find the following scoring function .
Here the is the frequency of the term in the foreground ( or query ) document set , while is the term frequency in the background document set which by default is the whole index .
Expanding the formula gives us the following which is quadratic in .
By keeping fixed and keeping in mind that both it and is positive we get the following function plot . Note that is unnaturally large for illustration purposes .
On the face of it this looks bad for a scoring function . It can be undesirable that it changes sign , but more troublesome is the fact that this function is not monotonically increasing .
The gradient of the function :
Setting the gradient to zero we see by looking at the second coordinate that the JLH does not have a minimum , but approaches it when and approaches zero where the function is undefined . While the second coordinate is always positive , the first coordinate shows us where the function is not increasing .
Furtunately the decreasing part of the function is in an area where and the JLH score explicitly defined as zero . By symmetry of the square around the minimum of the first coordinate of the gradient around we also see that the entire area where the score is below zero is in this region .
With this it seems sensible to just drop the linear term of the JLH score and just use the quadratic part . This will result in the same ranking with a slightly less steep increase in score as increases .
Looking at the level sets for the JLH score there is a quadratic relationship between the and . Solving for a fixed level we get :
Where the negative part is outside of function definition area .
This is far easier to see in the simplified formula .
An increase in must be offset by approximately a square root increase in to retain the same score .
As we see the score increases sharply as increases in a quadratic manner against . As becomes small compared to the growth goes from linear in to squared .
Finally a 3D plot of the score function .
So what can we take away from all this ? I think the main practical consideration is the squared relationship between and which means once there is significant difference between the two they will dominate the score ranking . The factor primarily makes the score sensitive when this factor is small and for reasonable similar the decides the ranking . There are some obvious consequences from this which would be interesting to explore in real data . First that you would like to have a large background document set if you want more fine grained sensitivity to background frequency . Second , foreground frequencies can dominate the score to such an extent that peculiarities of the implementation may show up in the significant terms ranking , which we will look at in more detail as we try to apply the significant terms aggregation to single documents .
The results and visualizations in this blog post is also available as an iPython notebook .
View full size
UNION — While students staged a mock funeral for their school outside , Kean University 's president and trustees held an emergency meeting Monday where they vowed to do `` everything in their power '' to help the institution keep its accreditation .
The board convened the session a week after its accrediting agency , the Middle States Commission on Higher Education , put the Union Township-based university on probation for allegedly failing to meet its standards in issues related to integrity , student learning and other areas . Two days later , President Dawood Farahi and the head of the board of trustees released a joint statement accusing the accrediting agency of violating its own procedures in a `` staff-driven agenda '' to discredit Kean .
More than 100 students , professors , parents and alumni packed a conference room in Kean Hall for Monday 's trustees meeting while dozens of others listened in from the hallway outside . Ada Morell , the head of the trustee board , tried to reassure the worried crowd that Kean was not about to lose its accreditation .
`` This board will do everything in its power to ensure that Kean University remains accredited , '' Morell said . `` We will never , never give up on the tremendous progress we have made at Kean . We will do everything in our power to stand up for our students . ''
Neither Morell nor Farahi referenced the allegations they made in last week 's statement accusing the Middle States accrediting team of unfairly targeting Kean . They promised to provide the agency all the information they are asking for in their review .
`` If we roll up our sleeves and do what is needed to be done , we will be fine , '' Farahi said .
A Middle States spokesperson declined to comment on Farahi 's allegations that the review process is tainted . But Middle States officials said Kean remains accredited while they continue their review .
The accreditation problems come at the end of a difficult school year for Kean . Earlier this year , Farahi was accused by faculty of lying about items on their resume . But the trustees allowed them to keep their job after an internal investigation . In April , the NCAA also put the school 's teams on probation for `` major violations '' of its rules mostly related to the women 's basketball team .
View full size
Kean officials said they are confident the university will meet the Middle States standards and resolve the latest crisis .
The reassurances did not quell everyone 's anxiety . Outside the building , about a dozen students staged a mock funeral for Kean . Students , including some dressed in funeral garb , symbolically threw degrees into a casket . `` Kean is in Pain , '' read one student 's sign .
Inside the hall , dozens of speakers told the trustees they were worried about the university 's future . One recent graduate said they are having trouble finding a job and has gone on interviews where prospective employers have already questioned the value of their Kean degree . The parent of one first-year student said their family returned from vacation early to attend the meeting because they were concerned their daughter would not have a school to return to in the fall .
But some of the students and faculty defended Kean . Many questioned why the Middle States team would find anything wrong with the former teachers ' college that has grown into one of the largest public universities in New Jersey .
Losing accreditation is extremely rare in higher education and often takes years of failing to meet accreditors ' requests for changes . Schools that lose their accreditation often shut down because students are unable to get financial aid or use their degrees to get into graduate school . Alumni are still able to use their degrees , but might find the value of their education tarnished by their school 's troubles .
Some of Kean 's 16,000 students said they are aware the effects of losing accreditation are dire .
`` We understand the consequences that may follow , '' said Nakyah Elijah , a Kean senior . `` That means our lives for the last three or four years will have meant nothing . ''
View full size
Several speakers at Monday 's meeting called on Farahi and the board to step down .
`` The harm that has been done to Kean 's reputation lies solely on your doorstep , '' said Kathleen Henderson , president of the adjunct faculty union at the university .
The dispute with Middle States began last year when the accrediting agency issued a warning to Kean that it had not met several standards during its periodic review , including rules related to monitoring student success . When the accreditors returned again earlier this year , they found more problems and Kean was placed on probation last week .
Middle States listed more than 15 issues that need to be addressed related to integrity , institutional assessment , general education and assessment of student learning . Kean , known for the tempestuous relationship between its faculty and outspoken president , must also prove to the agency it has `` an institutional climate that fosters respect among students , faculty , staff , and administration . ''
Kean has until Sept. 1 to prove it has met the standards . Then , the accrediting team will visit the school again .
Related coverage :
• Kean University president takes issue with accrediting agency 's probation decision
• Kean University still not in compliance for accreditation , report finds
• Irate Kean students march to office of N.J. senator who supports university president
• Kean University president stays put after board shows confidence in leadership
Rambo fans should get ready for a fifth version of the famous action-movie series .
Sylvester Stallone , the star and writer of the four existing Rambo movies , indicated via Twitter on Sunday that they are either already making or is about to start work on a final installment - entitled Last Blood .
It will come more than 30 years after Stallone , 68 , first took their Vietnam veteran to the jungle .
Scroll down for video
Rambo 's return : Sylvester Stallone posted to Twitter on Sunday to indicate that they would be making a new Rambo film , Rambo : Last Blood
A long time ago : Stallone 's first Rambo film , First Blood , appeared back in 1982 and has been followed by three sequels
Stallone 's vague statement on the newest Rambo film was phrased as an aside within a tweet about another movie .
'Doing Scarpa based on Gangster Greg Scarpa after LAST BLOOD RAMBO ... ' the actor posted to the social media site .
While Stallone gave neither details nor a possible release date for the film , rumours about Last Blood have circulated ever since the fourth Rambo film , simply titled Rambo , was released in 2008 .
Money-makers : While all of the Rambo films have grossed over $ 100 million , the first sequel , Rambo : First Blood Part II , became the biggest success in 1985
The most recent official word and description came from the German movie company , Splendid Films , in June 2014 .
'With Rambo V , Sylvester Stallone returns in their iconic role . This time they go up against a Mexican cartel . Stallone ... describes the new Rambo as their version of No Country For Old Men , ' read a statement published by the Sydney Morning Herald .
This version of the fifth Rambo film was written by Stallone himself , although Conan The Barbarian writer Sean Hood was briefly attached as a screenwriter earlier in the development process .
Action stardom : The entire Rambo series ( including Rambo III , above ) has helped to define action movies over the past three decades
A 2013 announcement about a Rambo television series - without Stallone - has failed to materialize .
When it was released in 1982 , the first Rambo movie , First Blood , was a huge commercial success despite ambivalent critical reviews .
That success led to three sequels , Rambo : First Blood Part II ( 1985 ) , Rambo III ( 1988 ) , and Rambo ( 2008 ) .
Each movie has grossed over $ 100 million in worldwide ticket sales .
Possibilities : The fourth movie , Rambo , was released in 2008 - there have been multiple attempts to follow it with either a movie or a TV series since then
This potential revival of the Rambo movies came just as Stallone began production on an updated version of the Rocky movies : Creed , co-starring Michael B. Jordan .
Scheduled for a 2016 release , Creed is expected to feature an older Rocky Balboa training Apollo Creed 's grandson ( played by Jordan ) .
The above-mentioned Scarpa , as well as another sequel rumoured for The Expendables , could make for a very busy couple of years for Stallone .
Congress sent President Obama legislation on Wednesday to prevent a government shutdown , following a 277-151 vote in the House that will keep federal agencies funded through Dec. 11 .
More Republicans voted against the spending bill than in favor of it , however .
Republicans objected to the inclusion of money for Planned Parenthood in the measure , leading 151 GOP lawmakers to vote against the bill , compared to only 91 who supported it .
ADVERTISEMENT
Every Democrat voted in favor of the legislation .
The vote also split the GOP lawmakers running for leadership positions in the wake of Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley , Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action , Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE 's ( R-Ohio ) surprise announcement last week that they are resigning at the end of October .
Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy Kevin Owen McCarthySteve King says they will run again in 2020 : ' I have nothing to apologize for ' Steve King spins GOP punishment into political weapon Steve King asks for Congressional Record correction over white supremacist quote MORE ( R-Calif. ) , the heavy favorite to succeed Boehner , voted yes , as did GOP Whip Steve Scalise ( La . ) , who is running to succeed McCarthy .
But Scalise 's opponent , House Budget Committee Chairman Tom Price ( R-Ga. ) , voted no . So did Rep. Daniel Webster ( R-Fla. ) , McCarthy 's only opponent so far in the Speaker race .
Reps. Pete Sessions ( R-Texas ) and Dennis Ross ( R-Fla. ) , a deputy whip , who are both running to succeed Scalise , voted no ; Rep. Patrick McHenry ( R-N.C. ) , the chief deputy whip , and Rep. Markwayne Mullin ( Okla. ) , two other contenders , voted yes .
The Senate approved the legislation earlier Wednesday in a 78-20 vote , and Obama signed it into law that evening . All 20 “ no ” votes in the Senate came from Republicans , though Sens . Marco Rubio ( R-Fla. ) and Lindsey Graham ( R-S.C. ) , both running for president , missed the vote .
Without action by Congress , the federal government would have shut down on Thursday , the beginning of a new fiscal year .
Before Boehner 's decision to resign , there were real doubts that lawmakers would be able to act to prevent a shutdown .
Boehner was under pressure to move legislation without federal funding for Planned Parenthood , which has been under attack since the release of videos accusing the group of selling fetal tissue for profit . The healthcare provider has repeatedly said those charges are unfounded and that the videos are misleading .
Conservatives had warned Boehner they might file a motion to remove them as Speaker if they worked with Democrats to pass the short-term funding bill including Planned Parenthood funds . But once Boehner announced they would step down , conservatives lost their leverage .
In addition , Senate Republicans broadly favored moving the short-term measure even if it included money for Planned Parenthood , as did many House Republicans . They worried that provoking a shutdown would cost the GOP politically .
“ We should never shut the government down over that or , frankly , any other issue , ” said Rep. Charlie Dent ( R-Pa. ) , a centrist and senior appropriator .
The question for Congress now becomes how to prevent a shutdown right before Christmas .
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison ( Mitch ) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy : Climate protesters storm McConnell 's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE ( R-Ky. ) on Tuesday said he , Boehner and Obama would launch formal budget talks soon . Those talks could also involve McCarthy .
Another challenge in the short term is raising the debt ceiling . Congress likely will have to take action on that issue this fall .
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers ( R-Ky. ) lamented having to turn to another stopgap bill after their panel spent months working on individual spending measures . House members toiled late into the night debating six of the 12 annual spending bills over the summer , only to see the process derailed after Democrats offered amendments regarding the display of the Confederate flag .
The Senate , meanwhile , has not passed any of the regular appropriations bills this year .
“ The House this year got off to a great start , beginning our appropriations work at the earliest date since 1974 , ” Rogers said . “ So it 's to my great dismay that we 've arrived at this point once again requiring a temporary Band-Aid to buy us time to do our constitutionally mandated duty . ”
Before final passage of the stopgap spending bill , the House passed a measure known as an “ enrollment correction ” to add language that would defund Planned Parenthood . But voting on it as an enrollment correction kept it separate from the underlying spending bill , therefore ensuring it would still reach Obama 's desk in time to avoid a shutdown .
“ The majority 's triumph today is not shutting down the government , ” said Rep. Steve Israel ( D-N.Y. ) . “ Success ca n't be defined as avoiding catastrophe . And all we 're doing today is avoiding catastrophe . ”
The Senate will likely reject the enrollment resolution , similar to the defeat of a spending bill last week that withheld Planned Parenthood funds .
The House has voted three times this month to eliminate federal funding for the group , including Wednesday 's vote .
Earlier this month , the House passed legislation authored by Rep. Diane Black ( R-Tenn. ) to freeze Planned Parenthood funds for a year while Congress conducts an investigation into the controversial videos .
And on Tuesday , the House passed a measure that would give states more flexibility in withholding Medicaid funds from healthcare providers that perform abortions .
Updated at 8:26 p.m .
Chronic cocaine users are known to have cognitive deficits that are predictive of poor treatment response . Whether these deficits improve with medications targeting specific cognitive functions has not been examined in previous studies . The goal of this study was to evaluate galantamine 's efficacy on selected cognitive outcomes , including measures of sustained attention , response inhibition , and attentional bias in recently abstinent cocaine users . Galantamine , a reversible and competitive inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase , is used clinically in the treatment of Alzheimer 's dementia . In a randomized , double-blind , parallel-group study , 34 participants were randomized to galantamine ( 8 mg/day ) or placebo treatment for 10 days . Cognitive and self-report mood measures were obtained at baseline and on Days 5 and 10 after the initiation of treatment . Galantamine treatment , compared to placebo , improved the reaction time , F ( 2 , 50 ) = 8.6 , p < .01 , detection sensitivity ( A ' ) , F ( 2 , 50 ) = 4.9 , p < .03 , number of hits , F ( 2 , 50 ) = 4.2 , p < .04 , and number of correct rejections , F ( 2 , 50 ) = 5.6 , p < .02 , on the Rapid Visual Information Processing task . With the exception of speeding the reaction time on the Stroop , galantamine did not affect performance on other tasks , ( p > .05 ) . These results demonstrate that medications can enhance cognitive function ( e.g. , sustained attention ) in abstinent cocaine users . The potential efficacy of galantamine as a treatment for cocaine abuse needs to be further evaluated in clinical trials .
( c ) 2011 APA , all rights reserved
Since 2007 , the beginning of the largest economic downturn since the Great Depression , and throughout the slow recovery and continued uncertainty , gun sales in Colorado have soared , based on the number of people getting criminal-background checks .
The number of those checks , required for gun purchases , has climbed 58 percent over the past five years , with spikes this year immediately after the Aurora theater massacre and the abduction and slaying of 10-year-old Jessica Ridgeway .
Nationally , gun sales this post-election Black Friday broke all records , overwhelming the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's background-checking system .
Despite drops in violent crimes in past years , a volatile mix of political and social fears is driving more people to arm themselves , experts say .
As the number of background-check applications continues to increase , social- science professionals and gun enthusiasts say the desire to be armed is a result of an overwhelming sense of danger people believe is around them .
According to Colorado Bureau of Investigation data , last year 245,475 firearm applications were approved out of the 251,307 submitted . The approval figure does n't provide the scope of gun sales , as a buyer can get multiple guns with a single background check and the state does n't track gun purchases .
FBI data show that 16.4 million background checks were run nationwide in 2011 .
On Nov. 23 , Black Friday , 154,873 would-be gun buyers inundated the National Instant Criminal Background Check System ( NICS ) with the most applications since the system 's inception in 1998 , said Stephen Fischer Jr. , spokesperson for the FBI 's Criminal Justice Information Services Division .
The flood of applications was 20 percent higher than applications processed on Black Friday 2011 , Fischer said . Twice during the day , the system shut down — once for 18 minutes and again for 14 minutes .
There were 4,028 checks run in Colorado this past Black Friday , said Susan Medina , CBI spokesperson .
Through media coverage of high-profile violent crimes and crime-related TV shows and movies , people are bombarded with the notions of imminent danger , said Hillary Potter , associate professor of sociology at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
“ People need to feel they are protected , ” said Potter , whose field of concentration is criminology . “ They think , ‘ If the bad guys have guns , I better have one too . ' ”
“ The crime rate has actually dropped since the '90s , but then something happens like Jessica Ridgeway or Aurora , ” they said . “ It feeds the fear . ”
Following July 20 , when a gunman opened fire and killed 12 people and injured at least 58 in an Aurora movie theater , and the Oct. 11 discovery of the mutilated body of 10-year-old Jessica Ridgeway , background checks spiked in Colorado , according to CBI data .
Gun applications increased by 5,055 in August from July , and October showed a jump of 2,066 checks from September , bringing the total to 28,002 for the month , according to CBI data . On average , excluding August and October , 23,880 applications have been submitted monthly this year .
Seth Masket , chairperson of the political science department at the University of Denver , said they are not sure the fear that gun buyers have is completely from high-profile crimes .
“ There is a general fear of Democratic politicians taking away access to guns , despite no moves made to do so , ” Masket said .
People are aware that crime is down statistically , Masket said , but the root of the fear comes from political change .
In addition , Tim Wadsworth , CU-Boulder associate professor of sociology , said gun ownership has become a movement in and of itself .
“ There is a cultural increase in the right to bear arms , ” they said .
The bottom line seems to be that a larger population in Colorado will continue to arm itself , Potter said .
“ There is the feeling that , ‘ We ca n't control bad people from getting guns , so do n't restrict my rights , ' ” they said .
Ryan Parker : 303-954-2409 , rparker @ denverpost.com or twitter.com/ryanparkerdp
There 's your regular anime conventions . They have lots of vendors , a few guests , a ton of middle aged dudes , their kids , and the only reason teenagers are there is to show off their outfits . And by 7:00 PM , everybody has gone home . BUT Then there 's Youmacon , a mind-numbing non stop convention which has earned it 's position in the ranks of party cons by having all the regular convention elements during the day , and during the night people stick around to make the real memories . Detroit 's Youmacon 2015 was held at the Detroit Renaissance Center and Cobo Hall . And to get between the two buildings you ride on the People Mover , so it 's more fun than Trick Or Treating .
Of course Youmacon did have all the convention basics to a wondrous extent . It would n't be an anime con without hundreds and hundreds of cosplayers dressed up as characters from fiction and reality and the weird area between ( Professional Wrestling ) . This year the big series to catch on was “ Steven Universe ” which thankfully has characters with a wide assortment of body types . Ponies ? Kind of passe . Craziest group award has to go to a roaming quartet of Shia LeBoufs .
For tag-able uploads of all photos in this article and hundreds more from Youmacon , check out This Week In Geek 's Facebook Gallery for the event .
A lot of cool returning guests , like Steam Powered Giraffe . “ Slayers ” voice actor Lisa Ortiz was a nice indicator that while the bread and butter of the convention are the trendy things like YouTube Celebrities , the convention remembers fandom past ; which gives the overall experience a more genuine feeling . Jon St. John and Vic Mignogna are back too , although at this point the novelty to them has worn off and we just wonder if they 're only around because after last year they never went home .
The dealer 's room/exhibitors hall had artists and vendors selling all the official goods and fan-art for your favorite anime series , and a nice set-up from Funimation . The gaming room had hundreds of games free to play to help people pass the time and try out exotica from Japan , like a crazy table-flip simulator game . Speaking of tables , do you want tabletop gaming ? There was library of games to sample so you could spend the weekend on Tabletop gaming . It 's hard to believe that all this convention once fit into just the Renaissance Center , but Youmacon earns it 's growth .
When the sun has descended , Youmacon remained awake , with abundant panels where access was limited to people with ID to prove they 're over 18 and are open to a reasonable amount of hedonism . No Live Action Mario Party this year , but eager people could still display their boldness at Leon 's “ Chicken or Beef ” panel . And then there are the dances : The Charity ball for people willing to make a $ 10 contribution and have a refined time being classy , and afterwards there 's a dance where literally everybody is encouraged to get crazy . This year the late night events felt safer than before , perhaps because all of the attendees have matured . Just do n't expect any of these events to actually start on time…
A big hamper on the daytime events were organization issues on par with FanExpo ( Hobbystar era ) . The printed convention program did n't have the standard grid of location x time , and the left hand did n't know what the right hand was doing while the feet were left out of the loop entirely . Volunteers did n't seem informed on protocol . It does n't ruin the convention experience but it mades getting to the right panel a hassle when there 's last minute changes to the schedule . Since the end of the convention , there have been instances of convention officials noting these problems , so hopefully next year there will be a stronger emphasis on planning and networking information . I do n't mind programs being newsprint since at least they did n't run out this year .
Spending a weekend in a hotel , alternating between the usual exhausting convention activities and partying , it 's a serious drain on physical resources and a great work-out . After getting lost a few times in the Renaissance Center , taking a thousand of photos of all the cosplayers from Mega Man to Macho Man , having hangover in the food court , and making memories in the backwards but well-meaning country to the south called The United States , the convention closes for a year . And that 's about the time it will take for people to get ready for next year 's Youmacon .
-Michael Bananny
November 15 , 2015 .
SNAP INTO A SLIM JIM
Equifax Inc. in Atlanta , Ga. ( AP Photo/Mike Stewart )
Most people have figured out that a bad credit report makes it hard to get a loan . What might come as a wider surprise is that , nowadays , bad credit can also keep you from getting a job .
Credit checks have become a routine part of the hiring process . Nearly half of all companies run them on potential employees , according to the Society for Human Resources Management . One in four Americans say they have been told that they missed out on a job because of their credit history ( this from polling cited in a recent report by Demos ) .
And yet , as Richard Tonowski , chief psychologist for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , testified a few years ago , there is `` very little evidence that credit history is indicative of who can do the job better . ''
Indeed , credit problems are more a symptom of bad luck than of bad character nowadays . Many people were propelled into unmanageable debt by the housing bubble , the subprime mortgage boom or the surging unemployment of the Great Recession . `` Millions of people stumbled financially when shrinking home prices left them unable to refinance or to sell a home , '' Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Mass. , pointed out in a recent floor speech about a bill they have introduced to prohibit the use of credit checks in employment decisions .
Warren was talking about a category of misfortune , moreover , that has fallen disproportionately on African-Americans and Latinos , who were unusually likely to be steered into needlessly expensive and tricky loans during the bubble years .
Young adults are also more prone to debt trouble ; that 's partly because many people made student-loan decisions in good times , only to emerge into the labor force in not-so-good times . Among older Americans , the road to unmanageable debt began in many cases with the one-two punch of job loss followed by health insurance loss . Medical bills account for about half of all the debts reported by collection agencies to the credit reporting companies , or credit `` bureaus , '' as they are known .
In short , when employers make hiring decisions based on credit checks , it 's an institutionalized form of kicking people who are already down . It 's also a practice that compounds the enormous damage already inflicted on millions of Americans by a reckless financial industry .
So the case for Warren 's `` Equal Employment for All '' bill would be a strong one , even if it rested entirely on the injustice of assuming a correlation between work ability and the ability to pay one 's debts . But credit reports are also a highly unreliable guide to credit-worthiness , because the credit bureaus get the facts wrong way too often .
While there are many smaller , `` specialized '' credit bureaus , we 're mainly talking about the so-called Big Three – Equifax , Experian and TransUnion . Together , they collect an estimated 4 billion pieces of information a month on the financial activities of more than 200 million Americans ; then they turn around and sell their data to creditors , debt collectors , insurers and landlords , as well as employers .
Despite their critical importance to the financial lives of Americans , credit reports contain unacceptable numbers of errors , which can be exhaustingly hard to correct . According to a 2013 study by the Federal Trade Commission , the reports of more than 20 percent of U.S. consumers include confirmed mistakes , while 5 percent of reports ( covering 10 million people ) have errors serious enough to make future credit costlier or more elusive .
Why do the credit bureaus appear seem be so untroubled by inaccuracy ? Because their principal clients are companies , including lenders and debt collectors , that care more about having every last ounce of adverse information than about whether a few untruths slip in . This is an industry , in other words , that competes on its ability to dig up dirt , not to get the full , fair story
How biased in favor of creditors and debt collectors over consumers are the Big 3 credit bureaus ? One indicator is the common practice of matching information from a lender into a consumer 's credit report based only on seven out of nine digits of a Social Security number , as long as the names are similar . This can result in identity mixups in which information on two different people gets mushed together into a credit report that damages the person whose credit record is actually just fine .
Consider , also , the obstacle course facing those who discover a mistake and set out to correct it . An Oregon woman , Julie Miller , made nine futile attempts over a span of two years to get Equifax to fix their credit report , which had become mixed up with another woman with the same name . A jury awarded Ms. Miller $ 18.6 million in actual and punitive damages . ( The award is on appeal . )
Under existing federal law , the credit bureaus must conduct a `` reasonable '' investigation whenever a consumer complains about an error . In practice , what they commonly do is forward an inquiry to the credit `` furnishers '' from whom the disputed information came , and then parrot back to the consumer whatever the furnishers say in their own defense . They spend woefully little on this process . By the mid-2000s , one credit bureau , which outsources its investigations to foreign affiliates and vendors , had reportedly whittled the cost down to 57 cents per letter of complaint , even with letters that raised multiple issues .
Nine senators have signed on as cosponsors of Warren 's `` Equal Employment for All Act . '' That legislation faces huge obstacles in Congress , however . At least for now , there are far better prospects for a response at the state level . Ten states have already passed laws restricting the use of credit checks in hiring decisions . One recent state to do so , California , has prohibited the practice in connection with most jobs , carving out exceptions for management and law enforcement , as well as positions involving the handling of money .
Help of a different kind could come from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . While the CFPB may not have the power to tell employers what to do , it has authority over the credit bureaus themselves ; it can direct them to fix their systems and treat people more fairly . But it will have a much easier time if it hears from consumers .
The bureau has been collecting complaints about credit reporting since October 2012 . CFPB complaint data and the analysis of that data by the U.S. Public Interest Research Group 's Education Fund provide a revealing look at how consumers have been hurt by the slipshod practices of the credit bureaus . Over 10,000 complaints have been submitted to date ; as even more people tell their stories and the evidence builds , the CFPB , the states and , we can hope , eventually Congress too , will recognize a duty to act .
Jim Lardner is the communications director at Americans for Financial Reform . Chi Chi Wu is a staff attorney at National Consumer Law Center specializing in credit reporting and other consumer credit issues .
Read David Brodwin : Why the Federal Reserve 's Stimulus is a Weak Tool for Job Creation
Read Daniel Lyons : AT & T and Wireless Carriers Should Be Allowed to Experiment With Pricing Plans
Check out U.S. News Weekly , an insider 's guide to politics and policy .
Jim Lardner , Contributor Jim Lardner is the communications director at Americans for Financial Reform .
Lance Armstrong 's defiant Twitter photo shows them relaxing with seven yellow jerseys
Lance Armstrong relaxes on a random couch in their house ( Photo11 : Mobli )
Lance Armstrong let their Twitter followers -- still 3.8 million strong -- know they were back in Austin this weekend and had someone take a picture to show how they were spending a lazy Saturday afternoon .
`` Back in Austin and just layin ' around , '' they wrote in the tweet . They attached a picture of themselves laying on a couch in a room that just happened to have seven yellow Tour de France jerseys on the wall . Purely random , I 'm sure .
It 's not a # humblebrag as much as it 's a # shoveitinyourfacebrag . It 's cocky , it 's condescending and it 's not going to help Armstrong 's battered public image . Contrition , not defiance , is the way to go .
That couch just happened to be in the row with Armstrong 's seven tainted yellow jerseys ( Photo11 : Mobli )
Armstrong was banned for life last month by the International Cycling Union and stripped of those seven Tour wins . ( The jerseys , apparently , can stay . )
Look , I 'm on Lance Armstrong 's side , as much as one can be on the side of a suspected/known cheater . Their cycling wins may have been a sham ( just like victories by most athletes in the sport ) but their work for cancer research , awareness and patients has been inspirational . Would it have been better if Armstrong stayed clean , became a middling cyclist and Livestrong never existed ? I do n't see how any logical person could make that argument . Shades of gray cloud the picture , of course , but I still think their net contribution to our world is greater than their flaws .
Regardless , Armstrong stepped down Monday from the Livestrong board . They founded the charity in 1997 .
If pictures like this are any indication , Armstrong has moved past denial into the anger phase of their coping . Next he 'll be trying to buy Tour titles off Miguel Indurain , followed by their growing a beard phase and then he 'll accept their actions , sit down for an interview with Oprah and get back into the good graces of the American public . It does n't feel like it now , but it 'll happen one day .
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/QBwNtL
Cops fired 10 bullets at an emotionally disturbed man because a confused officer screamed out they were being stabbed — when he 'd accidentally been Tasered by a colleague , an explosive new lawsuit charges .
Police are claiming the officers who responded to Mohamed Bah 's Harlem apartment in 2012 opened fire — fatally hitting them with eight bullets — because they were lunging at them with a knife .
When they entered the dimly lit apartment , cops tried to subdue the African immigrant with Tasers and guns firing rubber pellets .
Officer Joseph McCormack fired their stun gun , striking Officer Edwin Mateo “ from behind , '' according to Bah family lawyer Randolph M. McLaughlin , of the law firm Newman Ferrara .
Mateo , who 'd recently returned from a National Guard tour in Afghanistan , yelled , “ He 's stabbing me . Shoot him , '' according to the $ 70 million lawsuit , which is being filed Monday in Manhattan federal court .
The lawsuit also claims the 28-year-old Guinean was still alive , although barely , after being shot – but then was callously “ dragged ” by authorities through the building 's hallways , leaving a trial of “ smeared ” blood .
“ First they shoot the man and treat them like a criminal – and then they drag them down the hallway like an animal , ” said McLaughlin .
“ Perhaps he 'd still be alive if they just picked them up .
“ This kind of behavior shocks the conscience and should not be tolerated on a civilized police force . ''
Two weeks ago , a grand jury empanelled by Manhattan DA Cyrus Vance found the cops — who had responded to a 911 call by Bah 's mother seeking medical help for their son — were justified in using deadly force and should n't face criminal charges .
The Bah family 's lawsuit , which adds the new allegations to previously filed legal papers , relies on eyewitness accounts , police reports and other official documents , McLaughlin said .
It quotes Bah 's mother saying their son was still alive , if barely , when emergency responders tried reviving them outside the building .
They died soon afterward at a local hospital .
The lawsuit names as defendants the city , the NYPD , and the three cops who it 's believed fired the fatal shots : Mateo , Andrew Kress and Michael Green .
Bah 's mom says they called 911 not expecting armed cops brandishing tactical gear to show up .
They say they only wanted medics to treat their son , who suffered from depression .
McLaughlin said there 's another bizarre angle to the case .
The city probably wo n't be able to introduce into evidence the knife cops claim their client was using to fight off the officers .
McLaughlin said they were told it mysteriously disappeared from a flooded police warehouse during Superstorm Sandy .
The NYPD — which is still conducting its own internal probe — referred questions to the city 's Law Department .
A Law Department spokesperson said : “ The case involves tragic circumstances , '' and officials will “ evaluate the matter thoroughly . ''
About 90 cops will be docked a day 's pay for illegally removing their nametags during the G20 crackdown in Toronto . Toronto police chief Bill Blair said that the officers removed their badges so that they could n't be identified . This is part of a general pattern of illegal behavior during the Toronto G20 , including arrests for violating a nonexitent law , extended detention in cuffs without adequate heating or toilet facilities , misleading press statements about seized weapons , and arresting a protestor who was blowing soap-bubbles .
Many of the people who confronted police over the tumultuous three-days of protests that closed down Toronto 's core said officers were not wearing badge numbers or name tags on their uniforms - allegations that were bolstered by photographs in the media .
`` I have a rule in the Toronto Police Service , it 's my rule , it 's in accordance with the policy of my police services board , that our officers will wear their names displayed on their uniforms , '' Chief Blair told the committee .
Faced with numerous complaints , the force launched an investigation and pored over 22,000 hours of closed-circuit videotape to identify `` approximately 90 '' officers who were not wearing their name tags , said the Chief .
`` Disciplinary processes have been initiated , '' they said . When asked what kind of punishment would be handed out , Chief Blair said that has yet to be determined `` but the discussion , I believe , is the loss of a day 's pay . '' That would amount to about $ 300 for a first-class constable .
Note : See the update at the end of the post for a test involving 1000 ( rather than 100 ) Monte Carlo simulations .
If a temperature event like we witnessed in the last century — a warming of around 0.9 deg.C in about 100 years — had happened at some other time in the last 11,300 years , would it have left some trace in the recent paleoclimate reconstruction of Marcott et al . ?
Some believe that it would n't because their estimate is based on an average of 1000 “ perturbed ” results . The perturbations include “ smearing ” the age estimates ( introducing random changes to see how that affects the result ) , simply because the ages are , after all , uncertain . For each proxy , each age was offset by a random amount based on its estimated uncertainty . Then these perturbed ages were used to compute past temperature , forming a single “ realization ” of the perturbation process . A thousand perturbations were then averaged to create the final estimate by Marcott et al .
The belief of many is that this process of “ smearing ” ages would so smooth out any spike which may have occurred in the past , that it would n't show in the Marcott reconstruction . This means , so they say , that warmings like we saw in the 20th century could have happened multiple times in the past , and the Marcott work does n't provide any evidence against that .
Let 's find out , shall we ?
I created an artificial temperature signal consisting of a temperature spike like that of the 20th century , followed by a return to “ normal. ” The spike is a rise of 0.9 deg.C over a span of 100 years , followed by a return to zero over the next 100 years . I put in not just one , but three spikes , since the age uncertainties are different at different times so I wanted to know how spikes might be smoothed out at different times in the past . The spikes were centered at 7000 BC , 3000 BC , and 1000 AD .
I then took the proxy data sets used in Marcott et al . and added to them this artificial temperature signal . That enabled me to compute a temperature reconstruction ( using the “ difference method ” ) based on the Marcott proxies plus the artificial signal . Here it is :
Note that the spikes in the reconstruction are smaller than they are in real life , even though the ages have not been perturbed . That 's because some of the proxies are totally unaffected by the artificial signal , because they do n't include any observation times which occur during any of the spikes .
Nonetheless the spikes are abundantly clear . But what if we perturb their ages so different proxies record them at different times ? For each proxy , I perturbed the ages with Gaussian random noise which had the same standard deviation as the “ age model uncertainty ” given in the Marcott data . Then I computed the reconstruction using the perturbed ages . One such realization looks like this :
We can compare it to the reconstruction using the unperturbed ages :
Clearly the spikes are reduced in size by the smearing of age estimates . But they 're still there . All three of them .
OK — but Marcott et al . did n't just create a single perturbed record . They made a thousand , and averaged their final results . I did n't do a thousand because that would have taken a lot of computer time , but I did do a hundred and averaged them . This is the result :
The spikes are still there . Plain as day . All three of 'em . We can compare this to the reconstruction using unperturbed ages :
The spikes are a lot smaller than with no age perturbations , which themselves are smaller than the physical signal . But they 're still there . Plain as day . All three of 'em .
My opinion : the Marcott et al . reconstruction is powerful evidence that the warming we 've witnessed in the last 100 years is unlike anything that happened in the previous 11,300 years .
The idea so terrifies those in denial of global warming , that they have undertaken a concerted effort to “ smear ” this research . That 's because it clearly implies that modern global warming is unprecedented , and shines a light on the folly of throwing a monkey wrench into the climate machine . And that means we ought to change our ways , which just happen to involve some of the biggest money-making ventures in the history of humankind .
The idea also terrifies me . For a different reason .
UPDATE
I went ahead and repeated the experiment using 1000 ( rather than 100 ) perturbed records . It does n't change the conclusion :
Advertisements
HTC U11 is water and dust resistant and has an IP67 rating as defined in the International Standard IEC 60529 . With the nano SIM / microSD slot covered and closed tightly , this phone is water resistant if it is briefly submerged by accident in fresh water less than 1 meter deep and no longer than 30 minutes at room temperature .
HTC U11 must not be exposed to non-fresh water , high water pressure , strong or fast-moving water , or sand since these may cause overheating , electric shock , or damage to the phone . Do not attempt to charge or otherwise use the USB port when HTC U11 is wet . Normal wear and tear may decrease the water and dust resistance over time .
Warranty will be void if the phone is not used in accordance with the instructions and precautions addressed in this user guide , including , but not limited to , using the phone in environments or situations that exceed the limitations of the IP67 rating . For usage precautions and tips on care and maintenance , see Care and maintenance tips and Cleaning and drying . Also make sure to read the Safety guide that comes with the phone .
Hyperboloid structures are architectural structures designed using a hyperboloid in one sheet . Often these are tall structures such as towers where the hyperboloid geometry 's structural strength is used to support an object high off the ground , but hyperboloid geometry is also often used for decorative effect as well as structural economy . The first hyperboloid structures were built by Russian engineer Vladimir Shukhov ( 1853–1939 ) . [ 1 ] The world 's first hyperboloid tower is located in Polibino , Dankovsky District , Lipetsk Oblast , Russia .
Properties [ edit ]
Hyperbolic structures have a negative Gaussian curvature , meaning they curve inward rather than outward or being straight . As doubly ruled surfaces , they can be made with a lattice of straight beams , hence are easier to build than curved surfaces that do not have a ruling and must instead be built with curved beams . [ 2 ]
Hyperboloid structures are superior in stability towards outside forces compared to `` straight '' buildings , but have shapes often creating large amounts of unusable volume ( low space efficiency ) and therefore are more commonly used in purpose-driven structures , such as water towers ( to support a large mass ) , cooling towers , and aesthetic features . [ 3 ]
With cooling towers , a hyperbolic structure is preferred . At the bottom , the widening of the tower provides a large area for installation of fill to promote thin film evaporative cooling of the circulated water . As the water first evaporates and rises , the narrowing effect helps accelerate the laminar flow , and then as it widens out , contact between the heated air and atmospheric air supports turbulent mixing . [ citation needed ]
Work of Shukhov [ edit ]
In the 1880s , Shukhov began to work on the problem of the design of roof systems to use a minimum of materials , time and labor . Their calculations were most likely derived from mathematician Pafnuty Chebyshev 's work on the theory of the best approximations of functions . Shukhov 's mathematical explorations of efficient roof structures led to their invention of a new system that was innovative both structurally and spatially . By applying their analytical skills to the doubly curved surfaces Nikolai Lobachevsky named `` hyperbolic '' , Shukhov derived a family of equations that led to new structural and constructional systems , known as hyperboloids of revolution and hyperbolic paraboloids .
The steel gridshells of the exhibition pavilions of the 1896 All-Russian Industrial and Handicrafts Exposition in Nizhny Novgorod were the first publicly prominent examples of Shukhov 's new system . Two pavilions of this type were built for the Nizhni Novgorod exposition , one oval in plan and one circular . The roofs of these pavilions were doubly curved gridshells formed entirely of a lattice of straight angle-iron and flat iron bars . Shukhov themselves called them azhurnaia bashnia ( `` lace tower '' , i.e. , lattice tower ) . The patent of this system , for which Shukhov applied in 1895 , was awarded in 1899 .
Shukhov also turned their attention to the development of an efficient and easily constructed structural system ( gridshell ) for a tower carrying a large gravity load at the top – the problem of the water tower . Their solution was inspired by observing the action of a woven basket holding up a heavy weight . Again , it took the form of a doubly curved surface constructed of a light network of straight iron bars and angle-iron . Over the next twenty years , they designed and built close to two hundred of these towers , no two exactly alike , most with heights in the range of 12m to 68m .
At least as early as 1911 , Shukhov began experimenting with the concept of forming a tower out of stacked sections of hyperboloids . Stacking the sections permitted the form of the tower to taper more at the top , with a less pronounced `` waist '' between the shape-defining rings at bottom and top . Increasing the number of sections would increase the tapering of the overall form , to the point that it began to resemble a cone .
By 1918 Shukhov had developed this concept into the design of a nine-section stacked hyperboloid radio transmission tower for Moscow . Shukhov designed a 350m tower , which would have surpassed the Eiffel Tower in height by 50m , while using less than a quarter of the amount of material . Their design , as well as the full set of supporting calculations analyzing the hyperbolic geometry and sizing the network of members , was completed by February 1919 ; however , the 2200 tons of steel required to build the tower to 350m were not available . In July 1919 , Lenin decreed that the tower should be built to a height of 150m , and the necessary steel was to be made available from the army 's supplies . Construction of the smaller tower with six stacked hyperboloids began within a few months , and Shukhov Tower was completed by March 1922 .
Other architects [ edit ]
Antoni Gaudi and Shukhov carried out experiments with hyperboloid structures practically simultaneously , but independently , in 1880–1895 . Antoni Gaudi used structures in the form of hyperbolic paraboloid ( hypar ) and hyperboloid of revolution in the Sagrada Família in 1910 . [ 4 ] In the Sagrada Família , there are a few places on the nativity facade – a design not equated with Gaudi 's ruled-surface design , where the hyperboloid crops up . All around the scene with the pelican , there are numerous examples ( including the basket held by one of the figures ) . There is a hyperboloid adding structural stability to the cypress tree ( by connecting it to the bridge ) . The `` bishop 's mitre '' spires are capped with hyperboloids .
In the Palau Güell , there is one set of interior columns along the main facade with hyperbolic capitals . The crown of the famous parabolic vault is a hyperboloid . The vault of one of the stables at the Church of Colònia Güell is a hyperboloid . There is a unique column in the Park Güell that is a hyperboloid . The famous Spanish engineer and architect Eduardo Torroja designed a thin-shell water tower in Fedala [ 5 ] and the roof of hippodrome `` Zarzuela '' [ 6 ] in the form of hyperboloid of revolution . Le Corbusier and Félix Candela used hyperboloid structures ( hypar ) .
A hyperboloid cooling tower was patented by Frederik van Iterson and Gerard Kuypers in 1918 . [ 7 ]
The Georgia Dome was the first Hypar-Tensegrity dome to be built . [ 8 ]
Gallery of shape variations [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
A GANG threatened to shoot a pregnant mum-of-one and their young son in a terrifying burglary .
The raiders also told the woman they would `` kick the baby out of you '' .
The thugs – armed with a gun , knife and hammer – broke into the apartment in Swords , Co Dublin around 6.15pm last Friday . The traumatised young mum told the Herald : `` They put a knife to my throat and took my little boy out of their bed . ''
The woman was watching TV in the apartment where they live with their husband when they heard a loud knock on the front door .
BALACLAVAS
`` I did n't answer it but looked out the window and saw three men run past with balaclavas on , '' they told the Herald .
`` They opened the door in the living room and a man immediately put a knife to my throat and dragged me into the bathroom .
`` They told me to sit in the bath and closed the door . They also had cable ties with them but they did n't use them .
`` All they kept saying was 'where 's the money , where 's the f * * king money ' . My husband was n't here at the time and they knew that I was alone .
`` They then took my little boy out of their bed and brought them into me in the bathroom . ''
The shaken husband told the Herald that the brutal gang terrorised their wife and son .
`` They said they were going to shoot them and my child , '' they said . `` They handed the child to them in the bath – maybe they were planning to shoot them both in the bath . Maybe they were going to wash away the evidence , who knows what was going through their heads .
`` They also threatened to steal the child and take them away with them if they did n't tell them where the money was . ''
When the woman told the raiders that they did n't keep money in the house , they tore the place apart . `` They totally ransacked the place . They turned the beds upside down and said if I do n't give them money then they 'd stab me , '' they said . `` They said 'we 'll kick the baby out of you ' . ''
The ordeal – which lasted more than 15 minutes – finally ended after they found a small amount of money in a biscuit tin in the kitchen .
They also took some `` sentimental jewellery '' , two mobile phones and a camera .
`` They took less than €300 in total , '' they said . `` I ca n't sleep and my boy wakes up with nightmares and cries a lot . We 're definitely going to move out . Nothing like this has ever happened to us . It 's disgusting . I do n't have much money and we 're just an ordinary couple .
`` I 'd appeal for anyone who saw anything to contact the guards . We 're living in fear now and life will never be the same again . ''
Gardai believe that the shocking attack was carried out by an organised crime gang in north Dublin , the Herald can reveal .
Senior sources have revealed that the three-man gang who were wearing balaclavas and black jackets demanded to know where their husband was .
When they realised that they were not in the apartment , they `` ransacked '' the property in an attempt to find money .
JEWELLERY
A senior source explained : `` This crew clearly thought there was money in the house . In the end they made off with a significant amount of jewellery . ''
The Herald understands that the horrific ordeal started when one of the masked thugs knocked on the front door of the apartment while their accomplices broke in through a rear patio window .
The ordeal lasted for a number of minutes and gardai were alerted after receiving a '999 ' call . The case is being investigated by Swords gardai and no arrests have been made yet .
hnews @ herald.ie
We see conceptual modular designs of this kind all of the time , but rarely such exquisite real-world proof of how fast construction can be in the age of prefabrication .
The recently-completed One9 building in Melbourne , Australia , using the Hickory Group 's Unitized Building system to install 34 units in less than 1 week around a prefab-paneled concrete core .
Created by architect Nonda Katsalidis , this approach allows each one-or-two-bedroom dwelling to be built almost entirely offsite then stacked like a puzzle piece onto the site , completed with decks and fenestration in place .
Utility connections are also built in , making it easy to hook up electrical and plumbing systems . In theory , the process can be used to build up to 70-story structures .
The building boasts a number of sustainable materials and strategies , making its speed of construction all the more impressive . Per JetsonGreen , “ The units in the building are all fitted with double glazed windows that offer superior thermal protection and acoustic performance . The building is also equipped with a grey water recycling system . There is also a rainwater harvesting system in place .
As for green energy , “ Rooftop mounted solar panels provide enough energy to heat the water used up by the residents , while the building is also equipped with a H.W.S system that provides highly efficient water circulation . Energy efficient lighting is installed throughout the building , to conserve energy expenditure . The One9 building also has a 6-Star energy rating . ”
Just after video leaked on the internet about voter fraud in the # 43 voter precinct of Iowa… a second story has come to the surface .
Voters in this video ( below ) claim organizers were “ attempting to lie to voters and stall in a manner that clearly benefited Hillary Clinton . ”
These are serious – and potentially criminal – claims . The race between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders was extremely close , and this incident alone could have changed the entire outcome of the Democratic Iowa Caucus .
Here is the explanation from a Reddit user who supports Bernie Sanders . This is horrible !
The hall was full to the point where fire regulations were in question . So they announce that we are going to caucus outside . an hour goes by and we 're still sitting . At this point they announce that everyone who is sure of their vote is going to file out the door and tell it to an organizer and then go home . Both the bernie and clinton organizers claim this is incorrect . 45 minutes go by . At this point many people , most first time caucus goers , were leaving . The man still refused to start counting votes . They claimed everyone could film them if they wished . I think you all can guess what happens next . People start filming him . Not only do they refuse to go on record , not only do they refuse to state their name , but they attempted to get the ( multiple ) people filming kicked out because they were “ independents ” . Finally a pregnant caucus-goer takes control of the entire situation . The result : 16.1 % clinton 84 % sanders . If the caucus had been at the correct time , I 'm confident it would have been a no-contest sanders victory . Is there anyone else caucuses in Iowa ? Did you experience something similar ?
As the young voter who posted this on YouTube wrote : “ I know that they way I responded was over the top and immature . Even though it was in the heat of the moment , I deserve every shred of criticism I get . I certainly could have handled the situation much , much better . However , the content of the video still raises many questions about the organization of this particular caucus . Please watch and decide for yourself . ”
We know that Hillary Clinton has a four-decade-long record of doing anything it takes to win . Suppressing , playing dirty tricks , and committing illegal voter fraud with Bernie Sanders supporters is certainly something their team would plan to do .
Read this Next on ThePoliticalInsider.com Bernie Declines to Guarantee America Wo n't Become a Socialist Country If He 's Elected President
Did Hillary Clinton 's team steal the election last night in Iowa ? Please leave us a comment ( below ) and tell us what you think !
People gather around a crater caused by a Saudi-led air strike in Yemen 's Red Sea port city of Houdieda December 28 , 2015 . REUTERS/Abduljabbar Zeyad
DUBAI ( Reuters ) - A Saudi-led coalition that has been bombing the Houthi movement in Yemen for nine months announced on Saturday the end of a ceasefire that began on Dec. 15 , the Saudi state news agency SPA said , in a setback to attempts to end the conflict .
The ceasefire began in tandem with peace talks sponsored by the United Nations , but it was repeatedly violated by both sides . Nearly 6,000 people have been killed since the Saudi coalition entered the conflict in March , almost half of them civilians .
The coalition began its military campaign in prevent the Houthis , whom it sees as a proxy for Iran , from taking complete control of Yemen after seizing much of the north last year . The Houthis accuse the coalition of launching a war of aggression .
“ The leadership of the coalition supporting legitimacy in Yemen announces the end of the truce in Yemen beginning at 1400 ( 1100 GMT ) on Saturday , ” the agency said .
“ The coalition has been and still is keen to create the right conditions to find a peaceful solution , ” the statement said . But the ceasefire could not be maintained because of “ the continuation of the Houthi militias and Saleh forces in violating it . ”
The statement charged that Houthis and Yemeni troops loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh had fired ballistic missiles at Saudi Arabia , targeted its border posts and shelled civilian areas where the Houthis are fighting pro-Saudi Yemeni forces .
The U.N. talks have failed to find a political solution that would end the conflict . Negotiations are set to resume on Jan. 14 . It is unclear whether the resumption of full-scale fighting will scupper the peace process .
Chinese gambling tycoon Jack Lam is accused of bribery and economic sabotage by the Duterte administration
Published 4:00 PM , December 05 , 2016
MANILA , Philippines – Another name has been added to the list of individuals who have earned the ire of President Rodrigo Duterte .
Jack Lam , a Chinese gaming tycoon , is accused of bribery and economic sabotage after allegedly attempting to offer money to Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II in connection with the arrest of over 1,300 Chinese nationals illegally working at Fontana Leisure Parks and Casino in Pampanga .
Philippine National Police ( PNP ) chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa on Saturday , December 3 , said that Duterte instructed all PNP units to arrest Lam .
The order comes after Aguirre said they would not pursue legal action as there was no “ overt act of bribery ” on the part of Lam .
But days before news that they were ordered arrested was disclosed , the Chinese tycoon left the Philippines . The Bureau of Immigration on Sunday , December 4 , said that since flying out of the country on November 29 , there has been `` no record of arrival ” yet of Lam .
Lam , however , has firmly denied the allegations – which include also bribing Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation ( Pagcor ) chair Andrea Domingo .
Their Filipino lawyer Raymond Fortun said that Lam “ has no reason to bribe anyone ” because they have the necessary permits and license to operate the Fontana Leisure Park and Casino .
They added that when Aguirre and Lam met at BGC “ only for 5 to 10 minutes ” on November 26 , the business person “ merely wished to inform the good Secretary that they were engaged solely in legal activities in Fontana . '' The meeting was said to be facilitated by retired Chief Superintendent Wally Sombero .
Macau 's top gambling tycoon
Born in Guangzhou , China in 1961 , Lam ( Lam Yin Lok ) moved to Hong Kong in 1979 to work in a factory with their uncle . In 1981 , after years of joining their uncle 's gambling trips to Macau , Lam began working in the industry as a sub-agent .
A Shanghai Business Review ( SBR ) report in 2015 described Lam as someone who was natural with rich gamblers as they “ well understood their motivations and catered to their every whim , allowing them to reach the top of the ultimate service industry . ”
Lam 's undeniable rapport with “ legendary kingpins ” helped them build their gambling empire .
With 30 years of experience under their belt , Lam became one of the most important figures in the Macau gaming industry . In 2009 , they were named by the Global Gambling Business Magazine as one of the 10 most influential people in gaming .
Jimei International Entertainment Group , which Lam chairs , holds two of Macau 's top-notch companies : Las Vegas Sands and Wynn Macau . The company is often referred to as one of the “ largest VIP junket operators in Asia . ”
The group earned $ 16.8 million ( P837.1 million ) * during the first 6 months of 2016 from its entertainment and gambling sector alone .
According to their profile , Lam is also a member of the Guangdong Provincial Committee of The Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference , general chairperson of the Federation of Hong Kong Guangdong Community Organizations , and a director of the China Overseas Friendship Association .
Lam 's presence in the PH
Lam 's businesses include real estate development and hotel and resort operations . They also have securities and investments in Hong Kong , China , and the Philippines .
Their ventures in the Philippines , including the 300-hectare Fontana and Fort Ilocandia Hotel , are described by analysts as their “ most adventurous investments , ” according to the SBR .
Contracts for casino operations in Fort Ilocandia were granted and implemented during the administration of Joseph Estrada .
But even before acquiring Fort Ilocandia in the early 2000s , Lam had already been involved in the gambling industry in the Philippines .
According to a Rappler source privy to casino junket operations , they started having activities within the various Manila casinos in the latter part of the 1990s .
Given that their business presence in the Philippines already spans two decades , Lam was described as being `` way ahead '' of most foreign nationals operating in the country in terms of revenue , reach , and influence .
But despite the legitimacy of their businesses , rumors of `` illegal activities '' shroud Lam 's operations . Was the discovery of more than 1,300 illegal workers in their Philippine-based establishment just the tip of the iceberg ? – Rappler.com
In 1965 , after a trip through China and Japan , the Iranian modernist Sohrab Sepehri found their voice . It could be heard in a new poem they had written , called “ The Sound of Water 's Footsteps. ” Sepehri puzzles over their identity as a writer , as a Muslim , as a widely travelled painter , and as a man from Kashan , where , in the seventh century , according to legend , Arab invaders intent on spreading Islam subdued the poet 's home town by throwing scorpions over the walls . Sepehri muses on the space race and “ the idea of smelling a flower on another planet , ” and they write in free verse , inspired by Nima Yushij , a kind of Ezra Pound figure in the history of modern Persian poetry , who was inspired by the poetic notions of French Symbolists . Reflecting on a country with centuries of bumpy foreign contact , they draw out figures of confusion and displacement : I saw a book with words made of crystal .
I saw a sheet of paper made of spring .
I saw a museum far from grass ,
A mosque far from water . Above the bed of a scholar in despair , I saw a pitcher brimming with questions . Sepehri 's poem spoke to the alienation that many Iranians felt in the nineteen-sixties , as technology , literature , film , and imperial encroachments brought ideas from distant cultures to bear on the country 's traditions . Alienation eventually gave way to resentment and distress . Many people—poets , mullahs , and political dissidents among them—lamented what they saw as Iran 's increasing economic and cultural dependence on foreign powers . Three years before Sepehri published their poem , in 1962 , a short-story writer and critic named Jalal Al-e Ahmad published an essay called “ Occidentosis : A Plague from the West. ” In it , they diagnose Western thought and culture , those insidious products of modernity , as an infection to be purged . A little more than a decade later , in 1979 , Muslim revolutionaries in Iran used the same kind of language to promote their ideals . The ascendency of the conservative clerics who now rule the Islamic Republic appeared to signal a retreat from the modern world . The contagion had spread everywhere , they said , and the body politic needed to regroup . At present , although the mullahs never really cast off modernity , the influence of Western culture still raises the hackles of the Iranian leadership . Last summer , a representative of Ayatollah Khamenei compared Westernized Iranians to terrorists , and lamented that “ Western liberalism has taken many of our youth. ” Earlier this month , Khamenei , who , like their predecessor , composes their own amateur verse , spoke before an annual gathering of Persian poets . Some had trickled in from India , Pakistan , Afghanistan , Tajikistan , and Azerbaijan to seek the Supreme Leader 's advisement . “ Today , with the development of new media technologies , certain people are creating poetry that deviates from a straightforward epic and revolutionary ambiance for the purpose of leading our precious youth astray and toward an unbridled culture that praises oppression , departure from humane norms , and yielding to the impulses of sexual instincts , ” they told them . Persian verse has sat squarely at the heart of Iranian political movements for centuries . In 1843 , one British scholar marvelled , with mild exaggeration , that in Iran 's history “ lives have been sacrificed , or spared—cities have been annihilated , or ransomed—empires subverted , or restored—by the influence of poetry alone. ” In recent years , a rabble of academics , led by Ehsan Yarshater , the founder of Encyclopaedia Iranica and the director of the Center for Iranian Studies at Columbia University , have been steadily compiling a mammoth twenty-volume survey of Persian literature . * An entire chapter of the first volume , published in 2008 , elaborates on common poetic images . ( The eyebrow : “ The most typical and handsome eyebrows of the beloved join together. ” The mouth : “ When the mouth smiles , it is like a half-open pistachio. ” ) The eleventh volume , on the emergence of modern Persian literature and the heady political milieu that has shaped it , is set to come out this fall . Persian poetry has played a role in fusing and articulating Iranian politics in part because of its prominence in everyday life . When Iranians wish to back their nationalism with finer words , whether they can read or not , they may recall some old scrap of Ferdowsi , whose eleventh-century epic “ Shahnameh ” tells the story of Iran and its kings . Two weeks ago , Iran 's foreign minister and nuclear negotiator , Javad Zarif , released a YouTube ( https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cw71HMKDpco ) called “ Iran 's Message : Our Counterparts Must Choose Between Agreement and Coercion. ” They quoted the epic author as a capstone to their speech . “ A thousand years ago , the Iranian poet Ferdowsi said , ‘ Be relentless in striving for the cause of good / Bring the Spring you must . Banish the winter you should . ' ” In the final days of the talks , as diplomats from seven countries wearily ground away at the last few points of the deal , Zarif 's wife , Maryam Imanieh , arrived in Vienna . They regularly parse the verses of the thirteenth-century Persian mystic Jalal al-din Rumi for the spouses of their husband 's colleagues , and * Zarif 's Facebook page is dutifully trimmed with passages of Rumi selected by their wife . * The great works of Persian poetry are more than a heap of pretty images ; in the depths of these lines , Iranians hear the echoes of their historical selves .
During their speech to the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , N.C. , former President Bill Clinton repeated a talking point often used by Democrats to tout President Barack Obama 's record on job creation .
`` In the last 29 months , '' Clinton said , `` our economy has produced about 4.5 million private-sector jobs . ''
But Clinton is cherry-picking the numbers to paint Obama 's record in the most favorable light . Other methods show less impressive growth in jobs -- even declines .
First of all , Clinton was using private-sector job figures , not total job figures . Right off the bat , that paints Obama 's numbers favorably , since government jobs have declined during much of Obama 's term . If you count from the start of Obama 's term , private-sector jobs have increased by 332,000 , but total jobs have decreased by 316,000 due to losses of government jobs .
Since this time frame includes the start of Obama 's term -- when the economy was in free fall and before Obama 's policies had time to take effect -- we do n't think this is the best way to measure it .
The way Clinton did it is another way to count it . Clinton started counting from the low point of jobs in February 2010 . Using this method , private-sector jobs increased by about 4.5 million .
However , starting the count at the low point is a bit of cherry-picking .
If you instead start at the official end of the recession in June 2009 , private-sector jobs increased by 3.4 million . That 's well below Clinton 's 4.5 million figure .
We realize that speakers at political conventions are going to put the best gloss on the numbers they have available , so it 's not surprising that Clinton would use the 4.5 million figure . But getting to 4.5 million requires starting the count at the most favorable point possible for Obama .
In addition , as we 've written previously , presidents are not the only factor in job creation . The national , and world , economies are too big for any one person to control . So crediting Obama 's policies is at best partially correct because there are so many other factors -- such as policies of the Federal Reserve , the willingness of banks to lend money , and global business trends -- that play a role .
Our ruling
While it 's true that by most measures , the number of jobs in the United States has increased on Obama 's watch , Clinton has done some cherry-picking in coming up with the 4.5 million number . But they chose their words carefully in describing the jobs picture . They said , `` In the last 29 months , our economy has produced about 4.5 million private-sector jobs . '' On balance , we rate the claim Mostly True .
Alicia ( Julianna Margulies ) in The Good Wife . Over the seasons they have become more comfortable existing within the show 's ethical no man 's land . Still courtesy of CBS
CBS 's The Good Wife begins its sixth season on Sunday night in almost unheard of shape for a drama heading into the latter stages of middle age . By Seasons 7 or 8 , most series are thinking about retirement , or ought to be . Typically they 've been flagging for years , the vim and vigor of their youth long since mellowed . But The Good Wife does not know from flagging . As it begins its sixth season , it is sharper than it has ever been , the ageless , wiry athlete sprinting circles around other dramas , tacitly talking trash . “ Anything you can do , I can do 22 times a year , without cursing , without much violence , and without a hoity-toity cable-TV address , ” it winks , as it runs by in some impeccably tailored workout gear . The Good Wife , a delectable , invigorating series of unprecedented depth and cynicism , is the best drama on TV .
The series began as the tale of a sort of fictional Silda Spitzer . Alicia Florrick ( Juliana Marguilies ) , a woman who had backseated their career to be a mother and political wife , became one of the central subjects of a scandal when their husband , Peter Florrick ( Chris Noth ) , the Illinois state 's attorney , hired a prostitute with state funds . Alicia , their husband disgraced and in jail , their marriage in shambles , went back to work as a lawyer at Lockhart Gardner , a high-powered Chicago firm run by an old law-school classmate , Will Gardner ( Josh Charles ) , and the intimidating Diane Lockhart ( Christine Baranski ) . While the early seasons of the show focused on the immediate aftermath of the scandal and Alicia 's marriage—which still exists in some form because they and Peter never divorced—the long arc of the series has traced Alicia 's initiation into the ways and means of power .
The Good Wife understands power as both a more subtle and insidious force than series like The Sopranos or Breaking Bad do . On those much-beloved , much-acclaimed series , power corrupts grotesquely . On The Good Wife , it corrupts elegantly . The characters on The Good Wife are lawyers , not mob bosses or meth dealers , and while their behavior often skirts the unethical , it exists largely within the bounds of acceptable—or at least not easily actionable—behavior . On The Good Wife , flexible morals are not the hallmark of men living ultra-violent , grandiose lives : They belong to everyone . On The Good Wife the use and abuse of power is not so malignant that it destroys itself . It is so omnipresent that it can never be destroyed .
Much to the detriment of The Good Wife 's prestige , it is , at least in part , a procedural .
Every week , there is at least one case to be tried , and usually more than one . But The Good Wife is to the case-of-the-week format as cheese is to Cheez Whiz : Without a label , you would n't know they were supposed to be the same thing . It treats its cases with a playfulness , a rigor , and a curiosity that renders nearly all other procedurals obvious , lazy , and plodding by comparison . While most procedurals muck around in such well-established areas of TV law that viewers at home can not only predict outcomes , but voice objections , The Good Wife luxuriates in newfangled , less predictable arenas . The show takes on its share of murders ( Lockhart Gardner has a habit of defending guilty killers ) but more often focuses on technology-based cases that are too complicated , and too current , to conform to such simple-minded questions as “ Who did it ? ” In The Good Wife the cases are as twisted and intelligent as the people prosecuting them .
The Good Wife sometimes feels as if it was proceeding at 1½-times regular speed . The show is a drama , but it has an air of the screwball about it : the velocity ; the quips ; the large recurring cast of criminals , judges , and lawyers who are almost all , fundamentally , comedic players ; the simultaneously frustrating and hilarious accrual of roadblocks , details , and bureaucratic loopholes involved in even the smallest case . The Good Wife delivers the genre thrills of the courtroom at the highest possible level—the strategy , the objections , the last minute revelations—but while you are gobbling down delightful set pieces , the show salts them with shards of glass . The cases may resolve in an emotionally satisfying way , with the protagonists winning , but who knows about the good guys , if such a category even exists .
Alicia , Diane , and their colleagues , now spread over multiple practices , have a hold on our sympathy ( give or take the unctuous , brilliant David Lee , played by Zach Grenier ) , but not so nearly as solid a relationship with morality . Everyone , Alicia included , compromises , and so is , to greater and lesser extents , compromised . To take just the latest example : In the first episode of the new season , a lawyer is arrested , seemingly because one of their clients is a drug lord . The Illinois state 's attorney is using the lawyer , harassing him , jailing him , in the hopes that they will give them leverage against the drug lord . Watching , our sympathies are entirely with the lawyer , powerless in an increasingly Kafkaesque situation , bullied by more powerful forces—but that 's only because viewers of The Good Wife have long since checked their qualms about lawyers taking millions in drug money . Lockhart Gardner was doing it for years .
In this instance , we in the audience , like the characters on screen , have accommodated ourselves to the necessities , the vagaries , the moral uncertainties of power—you do what you have to do to get the money . But The Good Wife does not simply condemn its characters for this ethical lapse . It is too cynical ( or is it too realistic ? ) to insist that the way to survive , to thrive , is to always do good—as if , among other things , good were so easy to define . In an essay last week for the New York Times Magazine , A.O . Scott wrote about the death of adulthood in popular culture . But the adult is alive and well on The Good Wife , where “ What should you do ? ” is neither an easier nor more sensical a question than “ Who did it ? ”
Over the years , Alicia has become more comfortable existing within the show 's ethical no man 's land . Alicia , who began the series as the quintessential “ good wife , ” popularly known as “ Saint Alicia , ” is more at ease with power and its shadier applications . Last season , they left Lockhart Gardner to start their own firm , a move that was understood as a personal betrayal by Will , the man who had given them a job when no one else would . To ensure that their new firm survived , Alicia implicitly permitted their husband Peter , now governor of Illinois , to pressure an all-important client into staying with Alicia 's fledgling operation , rather than returning to Lockhart Gardner . The Good Wife is too clear-eyed for this particular lapse to have resulted in any meaningful blowback . Alicia secured their firm 's future by stepping slightly over the line . Sometimes—often , even—that 's how things get done .
As Alicia has become more like the two men in their life—Peter and the late Will , charming hustlers comfortable with bending and breaking rules to their own ends—she has become more efficient , more skilled , more savvy , a better , fiercer lawyer and advocate . This transformation is unsettling precisely because of its lack of ill consequences . Alicia has sacrificed some of their morality , some of their conscience , but who , exactly , is worse off ? At the end of last season , Eli Gold ( Alan Cumming ) , Peter 's chief of staff asked Alicia to run for state 's attorney . If Alicia 's induction into the darker side of power makes them more like a typical politician than they once are , it will also make them a more capable politician than they once would have been . Are voters worse off ?
The Good Wife sees power so clearly that it makes its application look like what it must often be : fun . That 's how a show as fundamentally cynical as The Good Wife can be such a blast to watch . Power , like most of the vices available only to adults , can be thrilling , sexy . The Good Wife is a kind of advertisement for adulthood , where full grown men and women can avail themselves not only of power , but great clothes , glisteningly cold martinis , attractive sexual partners , big salaries , and jobs that invigorate and stimulate them completely . Perhaps the biggest fantasy of The Good Wife is that lawyers do no paperwork—they just go from fascinating case to fascinating case , testing their minds and their wits , turned on by their intellectual pursuits every day .
Power , on this show , is appealing . It makes those who have it appealing . And this simple but potent formulation is enough to fill its world with all the moral impasses , impossible choices , and slippery slopes a TV show could ever need . Its extremely smart characters regularly cross the line , not because they are monsters , but because they are human . There is no show on TV with a darker message than that .
The Guardian says Harriet Harman is worried that Labour `` will be viewed as the party of welfare , not work '' . This is unfortunate , because someone must stand up for welfare .
First , let 's remember that working-age welfare recipients are , to some extent , not a fixed group so much as people who are temporarily out-of-work through illness or unemployment . ONS statistics show that in Q1 , 886,000 people of working age moved out employment into either unemployment or inactivity whilst 509,000 moved from unemployment into work ( 27 % of all unemployed ) and 573,000 moved from inactivity to employment . For these reasons , only 326,000 of the 1.8 million people out of work have been unemployed for more than two years .
Except for the ill and disabled , there is not so much a bunch of claimants and a bunch of workers , but rather people who shift from one category to another .
Welfare is , therefore , a form of insurance ; we pay in in good times and get a payout in bad .
In fact , this is true in two other senses .
For one thing , welfare acts as a form of automatic stabilizer ; higher welfare spending in bad times helps to support aggregate demand and so moderates recessions .
This matters . Recessions are unpredictable . Neither monetary nor fiscal policy can prevent them , therefore , simply because they can not be loosened sufficiently before the recession becomes obvious . We need , therefore , a timelier and more automatic protection against downturns . Welfare spending is that protection .
And it protects us all . Benefits are n't so much a payment to claimants as a payment through claimants . They are spent at Primark and Lidl , and so support employment there . The distinction between welfare and work is therefore a false one ; welfare helps to create jobs .
There is , though , a third way in which welfare is a form of insurance .
Imagine we were behind a Rawlsian-type veil of ignorance in which we did not know what type of employability we would be born into . Reasonably risk-averse types would , surely , agree upon some type of insurance whereby less employable types would get an income , paid for by the more employable . We can think of the tax and benefit system as replicating the sort of transfers that we would freely agree to behind the veil of ignorance . In this way , the benefit system corrects a market failure - our inability to buy insurance before we are born .
Given all this , what 's remarkable is how small is the welfare state . Spending on benefits for children and working people , even including tax credits , amounts to just over five per cent of GDP .
Herein lies a paradox . Developments since the 1970s have actually strengthened these arguments for a strong welfare state . The collapse of demand for unskilled workers has increased the case for transfers to the less employable , because these have suffered the bad luck of being alive at a time when being unskilled carries a greater penalty relative to being more employable . And one reasonable inference from the Great Recession is that we need a bigger welfare state precisely because - given the failure of timely monetary and fiscal policy - we need more automatic stabilizers . And yet politicians seem to have drawn the opposite inference .
Of course , there is much wrong with the welfare system - I 'd prefer a citizens basic income - but let 's remember that there is a strong case for welfare . If or when the Labour party finds either a brain or a backbone , it might make this case .
Back in the late '90s , the Secker & Warburg publishing house released an 11-volume edition of George Orwell 's correspondence , newspaper and magazine articles , and literary notes , all of this being presumably intended for those among the book-buying public who just really , really love George Orwell and want to have all of their intellectually honest babies . Apparently I 'm among these people , as after receiving one of the volumes a couple of months ago from a kind supporter and finding it rather fascinating , I 've since obtained and compulsively re-read five more of them .
One of these , covering the bulk of 1947 and 1948 , includes Orwell 's “ domestic diary ” in which they record their experiences at a small Scottish farm he 'd purchased of late and where they spent a good portion of this period , their time split between doing chores and composing the draft of Nineteen Eighty-Four . One might expect this to make for some pretty dull reading , but one would be wrong .
One would be dead wrong .
Things begin prosaically enough , with Orwell jotting down repairs they intend to make and noting the state of the produce since their last visit . “ Onions etc . that I sowed & which were well up in January have practically all disappeared in the frost. ” Well , farming entails certain mishaps here and there . “ Went over to Ardlussa with the idea of bringing the boat back , but the sea seemed too rough. ” One can hardly expect the elements to be entirely cooperative at all times , after all . Still , on the whole , it seems like a reasonably pleasant little farm .
And then the birds arrive .
“ The chaffinches have pulled up , I think , all the lettuce seedlings . ”
But this does not satisfy their rapaciousness . If anything , it merely spurs them on to even greater acts of banditry the following week :
“ The chaffinches have evidently destroyed all the turnips . ”
A few days later :
“ Chaffinches still going for the turnip seed . ”
Notice how Orwell has now dispensed with all the charming little qualifiers ( “ I think , ” “ evidently ” ) by which well-bred Englishmen like them normally evoke nonchalance in the face of disaster . One senses a weariness , a diminishing of vitality . It is as if Orwell is beginning to have an inkling of what we are soon to discover in horrifying fullness — that this farm is a farm of evil , its only crop despair .
But Orwell , though so widely hailed as the man who fearlessly spoke out against their fellow socialists when the Soviet Union merited criticism , who risked arrest in the Spanish Civil War by Franco 's fascists on the one hand and the Stalinist militias on the other , in this case simply refuses to face this particular truth , even as they themselves compile the grim evidence :
“ A few parsnips showing , but not very good . ”
“ Violent gale last night & still more so their morning , at times so strong that one could hardly stay on one 's feet . ”
“ No eggs . ”
“ Impossible to sow seeds . ”
“ Spread lime ( not very well-slaked ) . ”
“ No eggs . ”
“ Think hens have lice , applied DDT . ”
“ Most of the strawberries seem to have survived , but they are very tiny . ”
“ Still no eggs . ”
And then , perhaps most ominously of all :
“ Lobster box is unsatisfactory . ”
Then events begin to take such a turn that they can no longer be written off as the result of poor soil or insufficient DDT use and instead become explainable only as the unhinged manifestations of some demonic local deity , perhaps rendered insane by its own immortality — and presently it becomes clear that we are no longer dealing with the mundane results of cause and effect , but with actual omens :
“ Slugs are eating marigolds . ”
“ A small patch of the garden appears to have been struck by lightning in the storm on Monday . ”
“ A dead deer down by the bay . Rather unpleasant as it is too heavy to drag away . ”
Indeed , there are few places in the world where it is worse to be an animal than on George Orwell 's nightmare farm :
“ Cow bogged last night . When dragged out , they were too weak to stand , and had to be given gruel . ”
Incidentally I have no idea what it means to be “ bogged , ” although I gather that it is something terrible that happens to you in Scotland and which can only be cured by having George Orwell feed you gruel , no doubt laced with DDT . Things are even worse for the sheep :
“ They are lambing in such a state of weakness that they have no milk , sometimes actually refuse to take their lambs and even now that the grass is coming on , some of them are too weak to graze. ” Allow me to just cut in here and ensure that we 're all clear on the fact that THE SHEEP ARE TOO WEAK TO LOWER THEIR HEADS AND EAT GRASS . And that 's not even the kicker : “ [ The neighbors ] say the gulls and hoodies attack weak sheep and yesterday took the eye out of one of them. ” Well , why not ? This is Scotland , after all .
But Orwell remains unaware that anything is amiss , perhaps because they themselves have now succumbed to the evil spirits that roam the Scottish countryside :
“ While digging the ploughed patch , dug up nest of three young rabbits — about ten days old , I should say . One appeared to be dead already , the other two I killed . ”
Orwell 's rabbit purge goes on for days . They prove to be altogether chaffinch-like in the extent of their rapacity , indeed of their contempt for life itself :
“ Last night shot a very young rabbit in the garden . Threw the corpse into the trench . ”
Nor is their revolutionary justice meted out only to the petit bourgeois rabbits :
“ Killed a mouse in the larder . [ Orwell 's sister Avril ] came out to tell me there was one there behaving in a very bold way . Went in and found it eating something on the floor and paying no attention to either of us. ” And so Orwell and their no doubt evil sister find the reactionary mouse guilty of undue boldness — a very serious thought-crime , mind you — and , satisfied with the results of their hastily arranged show trial , this so-called anti-Stalinist pronounces the sentence , to which there can be no appeal . “ Hit it with a barrel stave and killed it . ”
Of course , the wildlife manages to give as good as it gets here in the Dark Realm of Scotland :
“ I hear that recently two children at [ a neighboring village ] were bitten by rats ( in the face , as usual ) . ”
At least these sorts of incidents are not so common as to go unremarked upon . I suppose a child in Scotland can go weeks and weeks without getting their face eaten off by rats .
One day , having exhausted the various sorts of supernatural malevolence to be encountered in the countryside , Orwell takes their guests on a motorboat trip across what I assume to be the sea of human blood that surrounds the Scottish mainland . And what do you suppose happens on this little sea jaunt ? I hesitate to even report it lest the reader suspect that I 'm now just making things up in support of my mounting case against Scotland , Most Beloved of Satan . But this is actually what happens :
“ On return journey today ran into the whirlpool and were all nearly drowned . Engine sucked off by the sea and went to the bottom . ”
Getting sucked into a whirlpool is literally something that only happens to you in ( a ) old cartoons and ( b ) Scotland . I did n't even realize that a whirlpool was a real thing until I read this passage . What other menacing Scottish legends are going to turn out to really exist , I wonder ? The three witches from Macbeth ? Hume ?
Arriving back at the farm , Orwell quickly gets back into the swing of things :
“ Slowly disemboweled myself with a straight razor today and then licked the blade clean . No eggs . ”
Well , that one I actually did make up . But notice how terrible it had to be to surpass all the slightly less terrible things that have already happened . Plus the part about the eggs is true .
At some point Orwell tries to trick their girlfriend Sonia Brownell into leaving the relative safety of London and joining them in The Shadow Lands That Lie to the North . The directions are suitably foreboding , comprised as they are of a Byzantine jumble of post-war train schedules that are clearly more theoretical than otherwise , and then a couple of ferry rides that no doubt expose the traveler to a charming array of whirlpools and sea monsters . Alternatively , they write , they can take a plane ; I do not care to even guess at what such an undertaking would entail . What 's really striking about all of this is that Scotland can apparently be reached by conventional means , whereas I would have more readily believed such a journey to involve passing through a swirling , blood-red portal , or perhaps stepping into the gaping jaws of an immense and lascivious cacodemon . And so you , too , can venture into this black magical world of violent gales , milkless mammals , bird attacks , rotting dear , and poisoned , lice-ridden hens , where the great secular saint of the 20th century stalks the landscape in search of bunnies to execute and where the very seas conspire to drown those who manage to survive the boggings — this bone-sceptered isle , this eggless land of unsatisfactory lobster boxes and very tiny strawberries , this Scotland .
Incidentally , I hear that the Scots are seeking their independence , presumably because British law currently prevents them from conducting human sacrifices to The Elder Gods and employing their children in the rat mines . I predict that upon achieving sovereignty , the nation will promptly seal its borders and change its name to something vaguely distressing , like the Concordate of Gargoyles ; every now and then we will manage to take a satellite image indicating the construction of obsidian ziggurats , there will be garbled reports of some new priestly caste , and that will be the last we hear from the Scotsmen .
… at least , until The Reckoning .
* * *
For the record , I feel terrible about most of the things I just wrote .
* * *
Bible Verse of the Day : Leviticus 2:4 – 2:6
“ When you bring a grain offering baked in the oven as an offering , it shall be unleavened loaves of fine flour mixed with oil or unleavened wafers smeared with oil . And if your offering is a grain offering baked on a griddle , it shall be of fine flour unleavened , mixed with oil . You shall break it in pieces and pour oil on it ; it is a grain offering . ”
* * *
[ Editor 's note : Barrett Brown has been incarcerated for more than a year . They are being held in a federal detention facility in Seagoville , Texas , awaiting trial . This is the fifth installment of The Barrett Brown Review of Arts and Letters and Jail . Go here if you 'd like to send them a book to read or put some money in their commissary account . They are inmate 45047-177 . Go here to contribute to their legal defense fund and learn more about the charges against him . ]
Twenty-eight girl hockey trainees , who had fled from a government-run sports hostel here and reached Rourkela , were brought back to the training centre on Monday .
`` All the 28 tribal girls , who had fled from the hostel in Kalinga Stadium complex on Saturday , were brought here from the steel city by a special bus , '' hostel Superintendent Bijay Kumar Kanungo said .
The trainees , who hail from Sundargarh district , were escorted by two senior coaches , including a woman , from Rourkela , they said adding that the girls are fine and taking part in regular training activities at the centre .
The trainees , all tribals , had quietly left the hostel at the stadium on Saturday without informing anyone and after reaching the steel city met Additional District Magistrate ( ADM ) , Rourkela K S Chakroborty . Hostel officials had confirmed that the trainees had left but were clueless about the possible reason .
`` There is nothing serious about their move . Actually they had come to Rourkela because they felt very homesick . There were some small issues , '' Chakroborty said .
Senior hockey coach AN Bihari , who is considered the mentor of the players , earlier said the trainees , who happen to be extremely simple and sentimental , went to Rourkela for no serious reason and would return soon .
Redmond , Wash.-based Planetary Resources ' technology demonstrator satellite for asteroid prospecting is due for launch in early January , along with more than two dozen other satellites , aboard India 's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle .
The latest word on the schedule for the PSLV-C40 mission came today from Seattle-based Spaceflight , which is providing launch and mission services for Planetary Resources ' Arkyd-6 and 10 other satellites .
Arkyd-6 is only about the size of an inkjet printer , but it 's designed to capture images in midwave infrared wavelengths and send them back to Earth . The imaging technology is destined to be used in future generations of Planetary Resources ' asteroid-surveying spacecraft .
PSLV-C40 will be the first mission to lift off from India 's Satish Dhawan Space Center since a PSLV mission failed in August . The primary payload is a Cartosat-2 imaging satellite , but lots of secondary payloads will be getting a piggyback ride to polar orbit .
Spaceflight 's lineup includes Arkyd-6 as well as Finland 's ICEYE-X1 radar-imaging satellite , four Spire Global Lemur-2 Earth observation satellites , Astro Digital 's Landmapper-BC3 imaging satellite , AMSAT 's Fox-1D amateur-radio research satellite , plus others .
Spaceflight is a service offering of Spaceflight Industries , which also has an orbital imaging subsidiary called BlackSky under its wing .
“ PSLV-C40 is a perfect example of how our flexible , full-service rideshare model is enabling new commercial space businesses to exist while expanding into new markets , ” Spaceflight President Curt Blake said in a news release . “ This mission brings new customers from outside the industry into space while continuing partnerships with existing customers for their ongoing satellite constellations . ”
But wait … there 's more : PSLV-C40 's manifest also lists four Planet Dove imaging satellites , Telesat 's LEO-1 , SSTL 's Carbonite-2 video-transmitting satellite and NovaSAR-S radar satellite , a satellite for Kepler Communications , France 's PicSat space telescope , six South Korean mini-satellites and additional ride-alongs .
Leftover funds from Donald Trump 's inaugural committee were supposed to be donated to charity . But the AP reports that , eight months later , it has n't happened yet .
Donald Trump 's inaugural committee raised a lot of money , the remainders of which it declared would be donated to charity following the events .
But , as anyone who has been paying attention at all over the past couple of years will be wholly unsurprised to learn , those donations have n't materialized yet .
Jeff Horwitz and Julie Bykowicz of the Associated Press reported Friday that , eight months after the inauguration , the leftover funds and the accounting processes around that money are “ a mystery , clouded by messy and , at times , budget-busting management , ” which some of the people involved labeled as a “ chaotic process . ”
And that chaos apparently has had no room for the promised charitable donations — but it did include some nice redecorating for Trump and Mike Pence .
“ Stephanie Grisham , a spokesperson for first lady Melania Trump , confirmed Trump has continued the practice of using some leftover inauguration funds for renovations to the White House and Naval Observatory , home of the vice president , ” the AP reported . Grisham refused to provide information on the amount of money spent on the new decor .
Tom Barrack , the chairperson of the committee , has previously told the AP that “ a full and clean external audit ” of the finances had been conducted , but they would n't disclose any details of the results . They said that the committee would not publicly disclose any details about charitable giving until at least the end of November .
But as the AP notes , “ Leaders of previous inaugurations expressed surprise at the slow timeline. ” Generally , donations of inaugural funds would occur “ within three months of Inauguration Day . ”
Leave it to Trump to be abnormal in even this banal way .
But of course , moving at a snail 's pace on donations on nothing new for him . In 2016 , it took Trump four months to follow through on a promised donation of $ 1 million of their own money to a veterans ' organization — and only after increased public and media pressure highlighted the marked delay . And they used their own foundation for blatant personal gain .
And it 's not as though there was so little money to work with in 2017 ; the AP notes that “ The committee 's total haul of $ 107 million was nearly twice that of Obama 's inauguration in 2009 . ”
But it also spent absurd amounts on parts of the inauguration , including $ 25 million for a pre-inaugural concert at the Lincoln Memorial , which the AP says “ dwarfs ” the cost of a similar event for President Barack Obama 's first inauguration .
Steve Kerrigan , the head of Obama 's 2013 inauguration committee , was baffled by that price tag . “ I could n't tell you how we possibly could have spent $ 25 million on a concert , ” they said .
But Trump 's team found a way to blow inane amounts of money on a party for him , to dash off checks for new decor for them and Pence — but still has n't managed to send a few donations , after eight long months .
At work , we have tried to celebrate the end of our work week with Beer Friday . Each Friday at quittin ' time ( or maybe just after lunch ) , we head over to the kitchen and partake of whatever fine libations are available . Of course , as we are responsible for buying our own beers , our efforts are met with varying success . Some weeks , we are met with Budweiser or Leinenkugel 's Summer Shandy . Other weeks , we have had Founders Double Trouble , Great Lakes ' Alchemy Hour or the North Coast 's Old Rasputin . So clearly , some weeks are better than others . Anyway , on this particular Friday , I was met with Deschutes Brewery 's Inversion IPA . Deschutes is a craft brewer founded in 1988 and located in Bend , OR . They brew six year round beers ( including the Inversion IPA and the Chainbreaker White IPA ) , three seasonal beers , their Bond Street Series ( 4 beers ) and their Reserve Series ( limited edition of certain specialty beers ) .
Here is what Deschutes has to say about their Inversion IPA :
Paradise is stumbling upon our whole flower hop room and inhaling . Inversion IPA is as close as you can get without knowing somebody . Enter , if you will , all the glorious aromatic complexity of the hop . This big , bold IPA 's intense multi-hop kick gets a subtle dose of restraint from select Crystal and Carastan malts . For discriminating hop heads .
I found the Inversion IPA to be…
Appearance : Amber with tan foam .
Amber with tan foam . Aroma : Malty , doughy with a good amount of hops .
Malty , doughy with a good amount of hops . Taste : Creamy with a big blast of hops that lingers into the finish .
Creamy with a big blast of hops that lingers into the finish . ABV : 6.8 %
I really enjoyed this one , a West Coast IPA for sure ; but not hopped to the point of becoming a pine cone . This was a great way to end a work week .
Sweden 's social life has been financialised , concludes a report published by the think tank Katalys .
The financialisation of Sweden has been centred on the real estate sector .
Since the financial crisis in 2008 , Swedish banks has been twice as profitable as their European competitors .
Stockholm has the second most inflated housing market in the world , according to a newly publish report by UBS .
Ad
Not a day goes by without breaking news on oversupply and stagnant prices in Stockholm 's commercial housing market .
How did Sweden end up in this situation ?
The answer is that the Swedish economy is no longer experiencing growth driven by a profitable and expanding export industry , but an expanding banking sector . The Swedish banks currently have assets that are four times the national GDP . A size that places Sweden in the world top together with the Netherlands , only second to Switzerland .
Ad
This is how Daniel Suhonen from the think tank Katalys together with Markus Kalifatides from the Stockholm School of Economics , explain the situation in an opinion piece in DN .
The shift is mainly caused by the middle class ' access to credits with favourable interest rates , which in the larger cities has been used for investments in real estate and private consumption .
According to the authors of the article , the financial sector has come to dominate both the economy and the society at large , fuelling the Swedish housing market .
The insecurity , inequality and hallowing of the welfare system that is currently characterising the Swedish society is closely related to this financialisation , whose crisis could be soon upon us .
Daylight broke Saturday morning over the snow-dusted Blue Mountains near Ukiah , where the distant echo of rifle blasts signaled the start of elk season across Eastern Oregon .
Dain Gardner , senior trooper with the Oregon State Police Fish and Wildlife Division , began their day at 5 a.m. , noting the perfect hunting conditions that included below-freezing temperatures and just enough white on the ground to easily spy a well-trodden game trail or herd of elk .
“ This is my office , ” Gardner said behind the wheel of their patrol truck . “ If you ca n't enjoy the job working out here , there 's something wrong with you . ”
Saturday marked the first day of the second season for rifle elk hunting in Oregon , which runs through Sunday , Nov. 12 . The first rifle season was Oct. 25-29 , while archery season for deer and elk went from Aug. 26 through Sept. 24 .
Elk season is a busy time for Gardner , and can send them anywhere around the Pendleton area all the way down to John Day , depending on the case . They spent Saturday in the Ukiah Wildlife Management Area , where hunting was open to spike bulls only — bulls with unbranched antlers .
Kathy Aney/East Oregonian
No sooner than Gardner arrived at the Bridge Creek Wildlife Area south of town did they encounter their first dispute of the day , as two hunters each claimed they had shot the same elk . Cameron Sponseller , with the Oregon Department of Fish & Wildlife , was already on scene to assist with corroborating both men 's stories .
“ This happens regularly out here , ” Gardner said , joking that they ought to swap their uniform for a referee shirt . “ We 'll get it figured out . ”
After examining the carcass , Gardner and Sponseller determined that only one bullet actually hit the elk , making it a relatively open-and-shut case . But by simply taking the extra time and talking to hunters , Gardner said it helps to keep level heads and even tempers .
“ We 're just out here trying to keep things fair , ” they said .
‘ I always wanted to do this job '
Gardner , who lives in Hermiston and graduated from Umatilla High School in 1990 , has 22 years of experience in law enforcement , including three years with the Hermiston Police Department . They joined the OSP Fish and Wildlife Division in 2003 and never looked back .
“ I always wanted to do this job , ” Gardner said . “ As far as police work goes , this is where it 's at . ”
Growing up , Gardner spent plenty of time in the woods hunting and fishing and has developed a remarkable eye for spotting faint , faraway wildlife . Even a single prowling coyote can not escape their radar-like vision .
Gardner 's supervisor , Sgt . Tim Brown , said that kind of local knowledge of hunting and fishing makes them a tremendous asset to the team .
“ He 's passionate about the work they do , and it shows as far as their tenacity , ” Brown said .
The dirt road through Bridge Creek Wildlife Area becomes increasingly rough as Gardner drives down into a draw , fog rolling off the surrounding hillsides . The radio is so far quiet , which is a good sign though Gardner knows how quickly that can change .
“ We 've had years where we 're salvaging double-digit numbers of elk in a weekend , ” they said .
According to OSP figures , 394 deer and 255 elk were illegally harvested statewide in 2016 . That compares to 492 deer and 231 elk in 2015 , and 504 deer and 222 elk in 2014 .
Poaching will always be an issue wherever there is wildlife , Gardner said , though they are quick to point out the difference between poachers and ethical hunters who sometimes make mistakes . If a hunter mistakenly takes an animal out of season , they said they should report the incident so at least the meat can be salvaged .
“ If they call in , we 'll do everything we can for them , ” Gardner said . “ If they do n't and leave it to waste , we 'll do everything we can to catch them . ”
OSP Fish and Wildlife is the state 's main line of defense to uphold hunting and fishing laws . Troopers like Gardner are out on patrol year-round across the state , checking tags , gathering tips and generally making their presence known .
“ Really , you just hope you 're visible so somebody will think twice before they make that bad shot or bad decision , ” they said .
‘ Somebody rushed a shot '
By mid-afternoon , the radio crackles to life as Gardner is alerted to a mortally wounded branch bull elk not far from Mushroom Camp in the Umatilla National Forest .
It takes some time navigating the uneven Forest Service roads , but Gardner eventually meets with Sponseller , fellow OSP Trooper Ryan Sharp and Deputy Rick Carter with the Umatilla County Sheriff 's Office . Carter was first tipped to the gut-shot elk by another hunter , and was forced to euthanize the animal .
The four men convened around the dead bull , and the dirty work began as they field dressed the elk , removing its organs and dragging it out of the thick woods behind Carter 's four-wheeler . It would eventually be skinned and butchered , and the meat distributed either to CAPECO in Pendleton , Agape House in Hermiston or the Ukiah School District .
“ Luckily someone called it in , ” Gardner said . “ Otherwise it would have been left here to rot . ”
Despite the fact that someone clearly committed a crime , Gardner said there is very little evidence to pursue a case . Without finding a bullet or even a footprint , it is unlikely they will be able to catch the culprit .
“ Really , we 've got nothing , ” they said . “ I do n't even have a reason to believe they tracked it that far . ”
Carter , a retired OSP Fish and Wildlife trooper , said it is unlikely an experienced hunter would mistake the three-point bull for a spike . It is a maddening situation , Gardner agreed , compounded by the fact that it was nearly left to waste .
“ Somebody rushed a shot before they knew what was on its head , ” Gardner said . “ And it happens every year . ”
‘ That 's cool to see '
Hunters are the number one wildlife management tool in Oregon , Gardner said , and most of the people they meet are more than happy to help them catch those who break the rules .
“ Out here , I come in contact with really super nice people , ” they said .
In fact , Gardner was recognized Oct. 17 with an award from the Oregon Hunters Association Columbia Basin Chapter for their work investigating two recent poaching cases , one in Baker County and one in Umatilla County , that both ended in convictions .
Dean Groshong , chapter president , said the goal is to preserve the hunting tradition for future generations .
“ Everybody is basically responsible to help out and prevent any wrongdoing , ” Groshong said . “ It 's just not fair and not acceptable for people to break the law . ”
While on patrol , Gardner frequently stops to visit with hunters huddled around their campfire or passing by in their vehicles to chat , which they said is the best way to learn about what is happening on any given day in the otherwise remote areas of the forest .
Finally , Gardner arrives at a camp where 14-year-old Steven Stanley , of The Dalles , has just returned from a successful hunt . Stanley proudly tags their spike , which brings a smile to Gardner 's face .
“ That 's cool to see , ” Gardner said . “ It makes me remember how I felt when that happened for me , and it shows me it will continue . ”
We 're amped that Clark Gregg will be reprising their role as Agent Phil Coulson on Joss Whedon 's S.H.I.E.L.D .. But why , after the events of The Avengers , did Whedon decide to bring back a character who was busy being dead ? It 's because Whedon felt Gregg was the perfect guy to represent the Marvel Universe 's non-superpowered heroes .
Cinema Blend reports that , at Whedon 's SXSW panel , they confirmed what has been clear for some time now : Agent Coulson is very much alive in the world of S.H.I.E.L.D. , which is set after The Avengers . How is it that Coulson is alive ? `` I 'll tell you guys this , '' they joked , `` Heimlich . '' So we do n't know for certain whether Coulson 's death in The Avengers was faked .
Advertisement
In talking to Deadline a few days ago , however , Whedon did discuss why Coulson had to be the man at the head of S.H.I.E.L.D . :
The idea of the Little Guy is something that I am very fierce about , and there has never been a better Little Guy than Clark Gregg . That intrigued me , this world around the superhero community . It 's the people whose shop windows get blown up when the Destroyer shows up . It 's the more intimate stories that belong on television that we can really tap into the visual style and ethos , and even some of the mythology , of the Marvel movies . I think we 've put together another really great ensemble headed by Clark .
[ via Bleeding Cool ]
A day after they criticised the BJP-led government 's poor handling of the economy in a stinging Op-ed in The Indian Express , former finance minister Yashwant Sinha on Thursday told news agency ANI that the government can not blame the previous UPA regime for the country 's current dismal economic situation . “ Hum isse pehli ki sarkaar ko dosh nahi de sakte kyunki humein pura mauka mila hai ( We ca n't blame the previous government because we also got the opportunity ) . ”
Advertising
Sinha also said that when they were the party 's spokesperson before 2014 , they used to call the country 's economic situation under the UPA government as ‘ policy paralysis ' . “ Before 2014 , I was party spokesperson when it came to economic affairs , and we used to call UPA situation then ‘ policy paralysis ' , ” they added . Also Read : ‘ I need to speak up now ' by Yashwant Sinha
In a scathing Op-ed in the Indian Express on Wednesday , Yashwant Sinha slammed the Modi government saying ‘ the economy is on a downward spiral ' and blamed Finance Minister Arun Jaitley for “ the mess the finance minister has made of the economy ” . They wrote : “ The prime minister claims that they have seen poverty from close quarters . Their finance minister is working over-time to make sure that all Indians also see it from equally close quarters . ”
“ Private investment has shrunk as never before in two decades , industrial production has all but collapsed , agriculture is in distress , construction industry , a big employer of the work force , is in the doldrums , the rest of the service sector is also in the slow lane , exports have dwindled , sector after sector of the economy is in distress , demonetisation has proved to be an unmitigated economic disaster , a badly conceived and poorly implemented GST has played havoc with businesses and sunk many of them and countless millions have lost their jobs with hardly any new opportunities coming the way of the new entrants to the labour market , ” wrote Sinha .
Former finance minister and senior Congress leader P Chidambaram applauded Yashwant Sinha for “ speaking truth to power ” about the economy . They said it would be a “ miracle ” if the BJP-led government manages to turn around the economy before its term ends in 2019 . Chidambaram said Prime Minister Narendra Modi should take the responsibility for the economic decline even as they asked industry captains and others to speak up . Also Read : Yashwant Sinha speaking truth to power , will take miracle to turn around economy : Congress
“ The government must bear responsibility and , as the head of the government , the Prime Minister must bear responsibility . Of course , as the minister in charge of the portfolio , the Finance Minister has to share a very , very large part of the blame , ” Chidambaram added .
Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi also took a shot at the government . “ Ladies & Gentlemen , this is your copilot & FM speaking . Plz fasten your seat belts & take brace position . The wings have fallen off our plane , ” Rahul had tweeted on Wednesday . Also Read : Yashwant Sinha slams Modi govt for poor economy , Congress lauds criticism ; govt takes defensive stance
Advertising
Senior Left leader D Raja also said the BJP-led government should take note of Yashwant Sinha 's article . “ He is one of the senior leaders of the BJP . They are also the former Finance Minister . They know how the economy functions . And they are not the first person , several economists have come out to say that the economy is in a bad shape , in shambles . Economic slowdown is a concern . But Prime Minister Modi keeps talking about development . There is neither job creation , nor economic growth . What is the development that they are talking about . I do n't know whether the government will take note of such opinions or simply dismiss everything and continue to live in their own make-believe world , ” they said .
Serial rapist targets tourist in Bali : Australian woman is the latest victim after robbers broke in and attacked them as their family slept nearby
Woman , 28 , from Perth , had knifed held to their throat during assault
Attacker broke in to their room at villa on the holiday island
Raped while seven members of family , including children , slept nearby
A serial rapist is believed to be behind a terrifying attack on a 28-year-old Australian woman in Bali .
The woman , from Perth , had a knife held to their throat during the assault in the early hours of Saturday morning at a rented villa on the island .
They told police they had been forced to open a safe before being raped while seven other members of their family , including children , slept nearby in the property .
Attack : A 28 year old Australian woman was raped in Bali after men scaled the wall of the villa they were staying in with other family members
Link : Police believe the attack may have been carried out by a man suspected of carrying out a number of other similar attacks on the island , which is popular with western tourists
A spokesperson for the local police force said the robbery was carried out by a number of people , who entered the villa by jumping on a boundary wall .
Officers said their description of the man who allegedly raped them matches that of a suspect in previous attacks on the beautiful island , which is popular with western tourists .
Three iPads , two mobile phones and about £100 worth of local currency in cash was stolen during the break-in , according to 9News .
The attack is the latest of a number of violent assaults on western tourists on Bali , which is a province of Indonesia .
Image : Fears have been raised about Bali 's image as a holiday destination following recent attacks on western tourists
These include an attack by a gang on a woman in March in Kuta as they made their way home from a party and the stabbing of an Australian man in January as they fought off armed robbers .
The attacks have led to concerns over the potential impact on Bali 's vital tourism industry .
The island had been rebuilding its image following the terrorist bombings of 2002 and 2005 - with a steady year on year increase in visitors from abroad .
The United States and their allies have used military force more than 50 times over the past decade , with six US operations ending in local armed conflicts .
© AP Photo / Khalid Mohammed Time for Washington to Be Held Accountable for War Crimes in Iraq - Sponeck
MOSCOW ( Sputnik ) — The United States is behind all recent and ongoing armed conflicts across the globe , a senior Russian General Staff official said Friday .
`` The United States has single-handedly masterminded all military conflicts . Today the Western countries have positioned themselves as the main 'architects ' of the international relations and the United States as the only superpower in the world , '' Lt. Gen. Andrei Kartapolov , the head of the General Staff 's Main Operations Directorate , said .
Kartapolov added that the US role as the world 's leading nation was part of US President Barack Obama 's updated national security strategy , released in February .
`` The course that the White House has been pursuing to systematically contain Russia stems from the United States ' strategic goal to preserve its leading geopolitical and economic positions at all costs , to preempt the establishment of new centers of power . ''
The Lieutenant General also said that the United States and their allies have used military force more than 50 times over the past decade , adding that six US operations ended in local armed conflicts .
The United States has contributed more personnel and equipment than any other country to international coalitions engaged in military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Forces of the United States were also part of the NATO-led military intervention in Libya that resulted in the overthrow of long-time Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 .
The United States began an airstrike campaign against the positions of the Islamic State militant group in Syria and Iraq last year .
Most recently , The United States has been providing logistical and intelligence support for a Saudi-led coalition firing air-to-ground missiles in Yemen at the Houthi political faction .
These sweet and salty treats will blow . your . mind . That is all .
I 've been dipping my fries in my milkshakes for as long as I can remember . In high school I could get a Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger , a small fry and a Frosty for $ 3.00 . Remember when you could do that ? Fries + Frostys = LOVE and I 'm sure if any single thing in my adolescence is going to give me diabetes , it 's going to be the Frosty . # truth
But Frostys and fries are n't the only sweet and salty combo I 've binged on . I 'll admit these krispy treats are a little bit ridiculous with mixing two things that are not necessarily “ wholesome ” – potato chips and marshmallows . But guys , in this case , two wrongs make something so , so right . The ruffles chips are nice and crispy and salty and make the gooey marshmallow taste so good .
If you want a party in your mouth , these are going to do it .
Mariachi El Bronx : Mariachi Punks Put It All On the Line
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
Hear The Music Revolution Girls Bodies of Christ
The L.A. band The Bronx has been working the punk-rock circuit for nearly 10 years . But since 2009 , the band has cultivated an alter-ego — as a mariachi band , complete with the ornate black charro suits and the blaring trumpets . Mariachi El Bronx 's second album , II , will be released on August 2 . It 's a lively , and surprisingly kitsch-free , take on music that 's steeped in tradition .
There 's really only one way to play mariachi , even if you 're a punk rocker — you have to mean it , right down to the last neatly chopped acoustic-guitar chord . The great mariachis share tales of love , death and family pride in voices swollen with emotion . They convey a sense of life hanging on by a thread . There 's no irony , no `` look how cool we are '' derision .
The members of The Bronx discovered this when they first started messing with mariachi a few years ago . Asked to do a song unplugged for a TV appearance , they rebelled by wearing sombreros and camping it up . Singer Matt Cauthran , who grew up in a Hispanic neighborhood in East L.A. , says they had so much fun , they decided to try more songs that way .
Pretty soon , the members of The Bronx found themselves hooked on mariachi . They studied instructional videos and learned the nuances of the specific rhythms . The listened to recordings of masters like Vicente Fernandez . `` Bodies of Christ , '' a Mariachi El Bronx original , is modeled on Fernandez 's weepy , lovesick boleros . Mariachi El Bronx sings in English and plays with more abandon than the typical buttoned-down folkloric mariachi ensemble . But its songs follow the strict conventions of the form to the letter .
When I heard the first Mariachi El Bronx record in 2009 , it struck me as a bit of a clever gimmick — you know , dress a punk up in an elaborate charro suit and watch what happens . On II , inside the tales of lost love and other tragedies , there 's plenty of tradition balanced by shots of pure joy and irreverence . And that makes all the difference .
The final presidential debate this Wednesday will be moderated by Chris Wallace , the first time in history a Fox News anchor has moderated a general election presidential debate . And they admit that does n't come without a lot of pressure .
Bret Baier , who filled in for Wallace on today 's Fox News Sunday , turned the tables on Wallace and profiled them for the show 's “ Power Player ” segment .
Wallace said he 's been working with a small research team to prep for the debate and they reflected on this past encounters and interviews with both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton .
Wallace also reflected on what it means to them in particular to be moderating :
“ It also means a lot to me because , quite frankly , it means something from Fox . I 'm the first Fox moderator to do a general election debate and I 'm very proud for the news organization . I think it 's a recognition of the fact that we do serious journalism . Some critics say no , but the fact is , you and I know we do . And here 's the Commission on Presidential Debates recognizing that . There 's a lot of pressure . There 's a lot of stress . We 've seen the previous moderators get criticized . And at certain points , I 've had to remind myself this may be a once in a life opportunity . So have fun . To the degree you can stop biting your nails , have fun with it . ”
They also joked that if their father , the legendary Mike Wallace , was alive today , “ he 'd try to steal it from me ” ( but also say how proud of them they are ) .
Watch above , via Fox .
[ image via screengrab ]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter : @ feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
Although we can not prove that homosexuality is Genetic at the moment , we can not even begin to say that being gay is a choice , as for most gay men and women its is not . it is a harsh fact of a persons life which they have to learn to come to terms with themselves . think about it , with all the gay hate out there ...
Although we can not prove that homosexuality is Genetic at the moment , we can not even begin to say that being gay is a choice , as for most gay men and women its is not .
it is a harsh fact of a persons life which they have to learn to come to terms with themselves . think about it , with all the gay hate out there would you really WANT to be gay ? ? i know i would n't .
yet people are . their not just weirdos who enjoy being disliked , they are ordinary people who want love and respect just as much as the next straight person . today i had a lot of people telling me that they were n't homophobic , they just did n't want 'it ' around them . that IS homophobia because it is unfair and it is prejudiced . if you see a straight couple kissing in a film you say 'awww how sweet i knew they would kiss in the end ! ' but make it a gay couple and you have people shouting 'errr turn it off that 's disgusting ! ' or in the case of lesbians they are turned into some kind of sex objects for men to lust over , 'oooh yeah HLA ' , yet when asked seriously about views on lesbianism most would say it goes against their beliefs and is wrong .
i am a 17 year old girl and i fail to see how people older than me who are supposed to be wiser , who are supposed to be role models , can spread this hate down the generations of their own families , to young individuals who deserve to form their own opinions based on the things they are witness to during their lives . how can this nation become a safe positive place for people to live if people are still hated or even judged for things they can not change in themselves .
i am mixed raced and if someone was horrible to me or about me for being so most people would step in and tell them that it is wrong and racist . this is because black , white or whatever we are all the same were all still human . we have almost learnt that when it comes to race .
today people i go to school with placed being homosexual in line with being Hitler . that is so wrong it is unbelievable , not only because they are nothing alike but because Hitler killed so many gay people during their rule , and for any British person to say that a fellow British person is like Hitler when they so clearly are n't is truly a disgrace to our nation that has fought so hard for the freedom and non-discrimination of all people .
when i have kids i will not inflict a religion on them , i will not inflict a prejudice of certain people on them , i will allow them to grow up in the most multicultural and diverse place i can , most likely London , and i will teach them about love , loving with your whole heart . even loving people you do n't know or people that have done the worst imaginable things , because when you have that amount of love you can look so much deeper into people , you begin to see the reason for all the wrong in the world is not what people are it is how they became what they are . it is a lack of love and a lack of self esteem .
have a good long think about all the illnesses mentally you can develop that you can directly link with a lack of self esteem or lack of love from others which enables you to love others back .
if you can not love gay people , straight people , bisexuals , transgender or any other type of person equally then you do have a problem . maybe what some of you need to remember is that you do n't ever usually have to watch your friends having sex , so like with straight ones having a gay friend would n't hurt you if the act is what you dislike . they might be the best friend you 've ever had but you might miss out if your too frightened of them to give them a chance .
there is much more i could say i 'm very passionate about this topic ,
feel free to respond according to your own beliefs but please be sensitive that things you say could be hurtful to others who view them .
Pfizer 's Lyrica is facing safety questions after a study published in Neurology this week documented a possible link between the med and birth defects when taken by pregnant women .
Supported by the American Academy of Neurology , the study investigated the pain and antiseizure drug , one of Pfizer 's top sellers , in 164 pregnant women in 7 countries . The team found that for women who took Lyrica during the first trimester , “ major birth defects ” were three times as likely as for the women who did n't take antiseizure meds . The results were measured against a group of 656 pregnant women not taking antiseizure drugs .
Seven out of 116 pregnancies ( 6 % ) in the Lyrica group had major birth defects , the authors said , compared to a birth defect rate for the larger group of 12 out of 580 pregnancies ( 2 % ) . The birth defects included problems with the central nervous system , the heart and other organs .
Free Daily Newsletter Like this story ? Subscribe to FiercePharma ! Biopharma is a fast-growing world where big ideas come along daily . Our subscribers rely on FiercePharma as their must-read source for the latest news , analysis and data on drugs and the companies that make them . Sign up today to get pharma news and updates delivered to your inbox and read on the go . SUBSCRIBE NOW
According to the investigators , the Lyrica group was 6 times more likely to have a CNS “ major defect. ” The team noted four CNS problems out of 125 pregnancies ( 3.2 % ) compared to three out of 570 pregnancies ( .5 % ) for the non-Lyrica arm .
As the authors admit , they ca n't draw “ definitive conclusions ” from the study “ since many of the women were taking other drugs that could have played a role in the birth defects and because the study was small. ” However , the research -- which will need to confirmed with larger tests -- signals “ that there may be an increased risk for major birth defects after taking pregabalin during the first trimester of pregnancy , '' author Ursula Winterfeld wrote in a statement .
In an email to FiercePharma , Pfizer cited the study 's “ significant limitations , '' saying it “ was small , did not account for other medical conditions or medications , and the women taking Lyrica had higher rates of smoking and diabetes , all of which can negatively affect pregnancy outcomes . ”
Approved by the FDA to treat epilepsy , fibromyalgia and neuropathic pain , Lyrica is also used off-label to treat anxiety and other mental health issues .
A stalwart for Pfizer 's pharma business for years , Lyrica brought in $ 3.6 billion last year . The company , which has been working to defend from generics , got into hot water last September in the U.K. after losing a key patent fight . According to a judge , letters it wrote to doctors and pharmacies who would introduce a generic version of Lyrica were `` calculated to have a chilling effect on the willingness of pharmacies to stock and dispense generic pregabalin . ''
The drug was one among many by Pfizer whose prices jumped this year despite ongoing public pressure against drug price hikes . According to reports , its price jumped 9 % to ring in the new year .
- here 's the release
Related Articles :
Pfizer Q4 beats on Prevnar surge , but 2016 guidance disappoints
U.K. judge backs Lyrica generic , scolds Pfizer for 'groundless ' threats to docs
What public outcry ? New year brings dozens of double-digit drug price hikes
They MAY not sport Taylor Walker 's mullet or possess Kurt Tippett 's frame but Tom Lynch could be the key forward Adelaide has been craving after a stunning performance against Greater Western Sydney on Sunday .
The redheaded 22-year-old had a breakout day at Skoda Stadium , kicking 10 goals in the Crows ' 29.13 ( 187 ) to 7.10 ( 52 ) annihilation of the young Giants .
It was a Mother 's Day masterpiece from a man who had previously kicked just 13 goals in 15 career games with St Kilda and the Crows .
With Tippett now plying their trade with the Sydney Swans and Walker ( knee ) sidelined for the year , Lynch could be an answer to coach Brenton Sanderson 's worries in front of goal .
Their haul was the biggest this season , comfortably passing Travis Cloke 's seven against Richmond , and the Crows ' best since Tony Modra kicked 10 twice in the 1993 season .
The 191cm forward was the star attraction in a commanding Crows performance that gave their hopes of a second straight top-four finish a badly needed boost .
Patrick Dangerfield ( 28 possessions , four goals ) also proved lethal up forward and Josh Jenkins ( four goals ) and Sam Kerridge ( three ) played their parts for the Crows .
`` Take Tom 's 10 ( goals ) out and it was a really even contribution from our squad , '' Sanderson said afterwards .
`` We did n't have any passengers , everyone played their role and I was pleased we kept the foot on the throat , ruthless right through to the end .
`` That was impressive . ''
ADELAIDE 'S HIGHEST AFL SCORES
30.8 ( 188 ) v Essendon , round 10 , 2006
29.13 ( 187 ) v GWS , round 7 , 2013
29.11 ( 185 ) v Richmond , round 17 , 1997
28.12 ( 180 ) v North Melbourne , round 24 , 1991
28.10 ( 178 ) v Richmond , round 1 , 1993
27.16 ( 178 ) v GWS , round 16 , 2012
27.14 ( 176 ) v Carlton , round 22 , 2009
It was a dark day for the Giants , however , who suffered the second-heaviest defeat in their short history and were unable to follow up last week 's competitive showing against Essendon .
Jeremy Cameron kicked three goals and Adam Tomlinson ( 21 possessions , 14 marks ) played the best game of their short career , but it was a day to forget in front of a disappointing crowd of just 5,830 .
THE GIANTS ' HEAVIEST DEFEATS
162 points v Hawthorn , round 15 , 2012
135 points v Adelaide , round 7 , 2013
129 points v North Melbourne , round 12 , 2012
The Giants had plenty of possession and were competitive around the stoppages to start the game but their forward entries left plenty to be desired .
GWS led the inside 50 count 14-12 at quarter-time , but could only manage four behinds to Adelaide 's 4.5 .
The Giants then made a positive start to the second quarter , with Callan Ward and Jonathan Giles kicking goals to quickly close the margin to just 12 points .
But that was as good as it got for the home side , with the Crows suddenly sparking into life , booting 7.2 without reply over the next 22 minutes to turn a tight contest into a 55-point lead at the main break .
From that point on , Lynch 's final goal tally and Adelaide 's winning margin were the main points of interest .
Glum GWS coach Kevin Sheedy was blunt when asked what sort of day they had expected .
`` A better day than that , '' they said . `` We were vey disappointing today . We 've played with a lot more spirit than we did today .
`` I felt at quarter-time we could 've had two or three goals on the board , but we did n't use the ball that well .
`` We did n't even score at some stages when we did have shots . Normally we 're a bit better than that and I do n't know why we were off in that area .
`` It was a generous donation to Adelaide 's percentage today , there 's no doubt about that . ''
Salman Khan returns as the host of the eighth season of 'Bigg Boss ' but the superstar says they were reluctant to be a part of the reality TV series this time around as the 2013 edition was extremely `` tiring and painful '' .
The 48-year-old actor courted controversy last season when they were accused of being biased towards Tanishaa Mukerji and Armaan Kohli by other participants as well as the viewers.Salman , however , defended themselves saying they were simply taking a stand and not anyone 's side .
`` I did not want to do 'Bigg Boss 8 ' because it is too tiring and painful . I have my own set of problems and here I am solving 10-12 problems of others . These people involve me and somehow I get involved . But if you see something you have to take a stand , '' Salman told PTI in an interview .
`` I came back because I liked the format . You get to learn so much by seeing contestants ' reactions , even though you know you might have reacted in the same manner , '' they said.This is Salman 's third stint as the anchor of the celebrity reality show , besides being a guest host on season 5 , which was hosted by Sanjay Dutt . 'Bigg Boss 8 ' is set to premiere on September 21 on Colors .
The show has had its share of controversies in each season and Salman says it is a catch-22 situation for him .
`` The format of the show is such that there are controversies . If something does not happen then people , including my own family and friends say , 'The episode was thanda ' . And if something happens , then they say it was too much , so at the end you do n't know what to do , '' Salman said .
The actor , who faced a lot of online criticism from 'Bigg Boss 7 ' winner Gauhar Khan and boyfriend Kushal Tandon , said they will continue to take stand as that is the only way to save the contestants from embarrassing themselves on TV .
`` As a host it is important to take a stand for the contestants . Sometimes it looks like you are taking a stand for yourself but it is for them because you know how they are being projected outside .
`` These people have come in the house to get work . The fact is that if they are superb in the show , then they will not get work outside but they do n't understand that , '' they said .
Salman said whatever is shown on 'Bigg Boss ' is the real reaction of contestants and not scripted at all .
`` The best and scariest part of the game is that it is not scripted . Whatever contestants do in the house is correct because that is what the game demands . So either you play it with whole heart or whole mind . They should play smartly , '' they said , adding that they would be a disaster inside the house as an inmate .
When asked if they will promote Shah Rukh Khan 's upcoming Diwali release 'Happy New Year ' on the show , Salman said , `` We will do enough promotions for 'Happy New Year ' , the team does not need to worry . ''
'Bigg Boss ' is the Indian version of international reality show 'Big Brother ' . A number of contestants ( known as housemates ) live in a purpose-built house and are isolated from the rest of the world with cameras catching their every move .
Each week , housemates nominate two of their peers for eviction , and the housemate who receives the most nominations would face a public vote . Of these , one would eventually get evicted from the House .
So how 's the Yaris to live with ? Glad you asked . Let 's jump into the details down below .
The Yaris may come in a three-door version , but the five-door is the more practical choice for young families or a college car . That 's how my tester came ; decked out , in fact , in the Yaris ' top SE trim . Two-tone 16-inch alloy wheels , projector-beam headlights , and fog lights with chrome accents dress up the hatchback into something your high school friends would n't have laughed at .
Well , I recently spent a considerable amount of time behind the wheel of a 2015 Yaris – Toyota ' s version of the entry-level sub-compact hatchback . Between the normal running around town and hauling the family to hurtling down the interstate for a weekend-long concert I was somehow running late for , I guess you could say I gave the Yaris a pretty fair shake .
There 's just something oddly special about subcompact run-abouts that intrigue me . Perhaps it 's the small size and nimbleness that comes along with it , or maybe it 's the whole value proposition idea . Or maybe it 's just how wildly juxtaposed they are from some of the high-dollar machinery that often graces my driveway . Maybe it 's all three .
Exterior
Is that a Fu Manchu in the grille ?
The Yaris is strangely handsome , especially in its range-topping SE trim . The 16-inch alloy wheels look decidedly up market , as do the headlights that incorporate the grille design and carry it into the front fender . The car 's tall greenhouse means the windshield and side windows are delightfully large . Even rear visibility is fantastic .
A center-mounted reverse light helps give the Yaris ' hind-end a more sporty look , as does the forward-slanting taillights . Generous approach and departure angles keep the bodywork from hard from curbs sloping driveways .
One aspect of the Yaris ' design that I can not unsee is its Fu Manchu front grille . See it ? Well , you 'll never be able to see the car the same way again . Sorry about that .
Interior
Practicality is the name of the game here . The Yaris provides a no-nonsense approach to its design , materials , and versatility . The dashboard offers little frills and craziness – just a simple layout with easy-to-use controls and two small storage bins on the passenger side . The grey , soft-touch plastic offers a somewhat upscale feel to an otherwise hard plastic cabin .
The Yaris provides a no-nonsense approach to its design , materials , and versatility
Ergonomics up front work well enough for a car at this price point , but does leave a lot to be designed on long trips . There is no center armrest , the cup holders are too small and too few in number , and the infotainment system is very clunky to operate . It 's the same head unit found in other Toyota and Scion products , but its slow response to touch inputs and lack of tone adjustments leaves much to be desired .
However , the Yaris does a great job at being a five-door hatchback . Rear seat room is decent with comfortable seats and legroom for all but the tallest of adults . Fold the rear seats down , and the already sizable cargo area opens up . Pack well enough , and you might be able to get an entire dorm room 's worth of stuff in there .
Power windows and power adjustable mirrors are the only electronically operated creature comforts found inside . Manually folding seat adjustments work just fine , though and save on complexity and cost . The radio does come with steering wheel-mounted controls and cruise control is present .
Drivetrain
Motivating the Yaris is a modest 1.5-liter four-cylinder . The naturally aspirated engine makes 106 horsepower and 103 pound-feet of toque and is mated to either the standard five-speed manual or the optional four-speed automatic . No CVT offered here . My tester came with the four-speed .
The Yaris is one of those slow cars that begs to be driven fast
Those power levels are n't outstanding in anyone 's book , but somehow the Yaris feels peppier than it ought . That 's surely due to its 2,335-pound curb weight . What 's more , the horsepower does n't peak until 6,000 rpm , making the hatchback scream for all its worth during hard acceleration . That , combined with an honest automatic transmission with actual gears , makes the Yaris a hoot to drive .
Fuel economy is rather impressive thanks to its low curb weight and conservative engine . The EPA rates my tester at 30 mpg city , 36 mpg highway , and 32 mpg combined . Imagine what a six-speed automatic would do for this car .
Driving Impressions
Like I mentioned earlier , the Yaris is a hoot to drive . Of course , no one will mistake it for a hot hatch with a performance package bolted on . Even still , this standard hatchback provides plenty of rewarding feelings during the drive . The steering feels direct and the skinny 195/50-series tires do a great job at communicating road fell into the car . The brakes work very well , pulling the car to a stop with surprising authority . Understeer is a problem , but only when pushed hard .
The Yaris is a hoot to drive
Acceleration is where things get dicey . Freeway passing must be planned well in advance . However , once up to speed , the Yaris does a great job of maintaining its momentum . Cruising at 75 mph is no big deal , though NVH starts becoming an issue . Speaking of which , the Yaris is loud . Road imperfections , engine noise , and other vehicles can be heard with surprising clarity . Sound deadening would go a long way into making the car even more comfortable .
Regardless , the Yaris makes for a great driving little car in its own unique way .
Safety
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration rates the Yaris at four stars overall . However , it earns five stars for the driver side during a frontal crash and both front seats during a side impact crash .
Nine standard airbags , stability control , traction control , ABS , electronic brake force distribution , and several other features work to keep occupants safe .
Price
Much of the Yaris ' appeal is its low price tag , but do n't confuse it with a penalty box of an economy car . The Yaris is actually fun to drive . Anyway , pricing for the three-door model starts at $ 14,845 . Opt for the five-door version , and the price increases to $ 15,945 . My tester with its SE trim package , starts at $ 17,620 .
One option was selected : floor mats for $ 180 . Tack on the $ 825 destination charge , and the final MSRP comes to $ 18,625 .
Competition
New on the market for 2015 , Toyota 's own Scion iA takes a shot at the Yaris ' market . Targeted at younger buyers , the iA offers plenty of creature comforts , outstanding ergonomics , and a great driving feel – all at a smart price . Much of the credit for the iA belongs to Mazda since the four-door sedan is basically a rebadged Mazda 2 .
Still , if you 're looking for an economical car and do n't want a hatchback , the iA is worth looking at . It carries a starting price of $ 16,495 and tops out under $ 18,000 . That 's hard to beat .
Read more about the Scion iA here .
Dearborn 's answer to the Yaris is the Fiesta . Offered both as a sedan and five-door hatch , the Fiesta is a solid choice in the segment that offers plenty of interior room , loads of tech features , and impressive fit and finish . Fiesta customers can opt for a wide range of trim and powertrain levels , as well . Ford offers everything from a three-cylinder to the 197-horsepower Fiesta ST .
Prices start at $ 14,090 for the sedan and $ 14,390 for the hatchback . If driving is important to you , the ST is the one to get . It starts at $ 20,970 .
Read more about the Ford Fiesta here .
Conclusion
The Yaris is a surprising little hatchback that looks good , drives well enough , and offers plenty of room for people and their stuff . Shortcomings are present , especially in interior refinements and creature comforts , but that 's to be expected from a sub- $ 20,000 hatches .
And for me , that 's the appeal . The Yaris is a no-nonsense ride that offers reliable transportation from A to B without a fuss . It 's simple , smartly designed , and cheap . Its fuel economy further solidifies its budget-friendly design while nice features like Bluetooth , projector beam headlights , power windows , and alloy wheels make the Yaris – at least in its SE trim – feel like a bargain .
In a world full of expensive cars and trucks with turbos , massive navigation screens , power-operated butt massagers , electronic parking brakes , and other non-essential gadgets , the Yaris is a breath of fresh air .
Simply Complex is a project I 've been working on since 2008 . I initially planned for it to be my 2nd full-length release , but the influence of the Japanese hip-hop scene and life in general steered me down a different path .
It was after the release of my first album , Revival of the Fittest , that I got my first record deal with a major label in Japan , and was subsequently signed to a now defunct independent-label called Elevation .
Fast-forward through five years of on-and-off production of the project now titled Simply Complex , and we arrive here . Over the past five years I 've been collaborating with some of the most prolific underground MCs in the game .
The album features artists including :
Del the Funky Homosapien
Royce Da 5 ' 9 ''
Saigon
Skyzoo
Crooked I
Choklate
Planet Asia
Termanology
Torae
and many more
This album is a true sequel to Revival of the Fittest . Gritty , honest , hard-hitting , boom-bap hip hop that does n't pull any punches . I 've put blood , sweat , and maybe some tears ( thugs do n't cry ) into this project for five years , and now it 's time for the world to hear it .
So once again , I call upon my faithful , unfaltering , dedicated fans to help me make this dream a realization . So as to not burden you with a five-year wait for your awesome Kickstarter incentives , I took the liberty of financing this album out of my own pocket ; pockets that are now all-but turned inside out . I have faith in this project and in my vision , but as we all know , artistic vision comes at a price . Expression is priceless , but the production of it is not .
Your hard-earned money will be used for :
Mixing of the album
Mastering of the album
Studio Time for artists
Instrumentalists
Graphic Designers and Artists for Album Art Direction
Manufacturing of CDs ( of course this will be a physically released album )
Vinyl Version of the Album and Singles if we surpass our goal .
Simply Complex T-shirts
Shipping costs
Music Videos
Behind the Scenes Videos/Making the Beat Videos
And finally ... production of my next album , a sequel of sorts to Melancholy Hopeful .
As stated above , any funds left over from this project will go directly to funding my next album , The Lone Wolf LP . So if the line up of artists on Simply Complex does n't sound like your cup of tea , have no fear jazz hip hoppers , The Lone Wolf LP will . Even in its early stages , the album already features artists like Substantial , Cise Starr , Pismo , DJ Okawari , Midicronica , and more . Our goal of $ 5,000 is the bare minimum needed to make these projects happen . I 've spent almost double , funding Simply Complex already , but this will provide the final push needed to see it through .
Thank you all for being my backbone and helping me share my music with the world .
Let 's make it happen again .
- MD
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC 's Lucy Williamson : `` Tonight France 's far right fell hard ''
France 's far-right National Front ( FN ) has failed to win a single region in the second round of municipal polls .
The party was beaten into third place , despite leading in six of 13 regions in the first round of voting a week ago .
The centre-right Republicans finished ahead of President Francois Hollande 's governing Socialist Party .
FN leader Marine Le Pen said that mainstream parties had colluded to keep it from power and vowed to keep on fighting .
`` Nothing can stop us now , '' they told supporters . `` By tripling our number of councillors , we will be the main opposition force in most of the regions of France . ''
Ms Le Pen said the party had been `` disenfranchised in the most indecent of ways by a campaign of lies and disinformation '' .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Marine Le Pen : `` Thanks and well done my dear friends for rising above the slanderous and defamatory campaigns ''
Image copyright EPA Image caption Marion Marechal-Le Pen , like their aunt , gave a defiant speech , saying `` some victories shame the winners ''
They had stood as a regional presidential candidate in the northern region of Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardie , while their niece Marion Marechal-Le Pen was the FN 's candidate in the race in Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur , in the south .
After both led with more than 40 % of the vote in the first round on 6 December , the Socialist candidates in those regions pulled out so their voters could support Republican candidates in the second round .
The FN actually increased its votes in the second round to more than 6.8 million , from 6.02 million on 6 December as more people voted , according to the ministry of the interior ( In French ) . But the FN share of the vote went down slightly from 27.73 % to 27.36 % .
Analysis : BBC 's Hugh Schofield in Paris
There can be no hiding that the results of the elections are a big personal blow to Marine Le Pen .
They have lost the chance to govern a region and show the world that their party is serious . They have been reminded that however strongly the FN performs , the gates of power remain tightly closed .
But in a way that suits them fine .
Because what it all means is that nothing in France has changed . The two main parties continue sharing out the goodies ( in this case deliberately conniving to keep theirs as well ) .
Meanwhile unemployment rises ; terror stalks ; the grim insurrectionary mood continues to spread .
Ms Le Pen 's prospects for power may be limited , but their appeal is as strong as ever for France 's growing numbers of disgruntled and disaffected .
That French `` ouf '' of relief ? It 's also the noise you make when you get a fist in the abdomen .
Who comes out smiling ? Read more from Hugh Schofield
The Republicans increased their share from 26.65 % to 40.63 % and the Socialists from 23.12 % to 29.14 % .
The overall turnout increased from 22.6 million on 6 December to 26.2 million on Sunday . Sunday 's figures are based on a count of 98 % of votes so far .
In their election , Marine Le Pen secured 42.2 % of the vote in the second round in their region against the centre-right 's 57.8 % .
Marion Marechal-Le Pen took 45.2 % , compared with 54.8 % for their Republican rival .
Despite the defeat , the 26-year-old urged FN supporters to `` redouble our efforts '' .
`` There are some victories that shame the winners , '' they said .
Xavier Bertrand , Republican regional presidential candidate in Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardie , said the French had given `` a lesson of rallying together , courage . Here we stopped the progression of the National Front '' .
But Socialist Prime Minister Manuel Valls was less upbeat . They warned the `` danger posed by the far right has not gone away , far from it '' .
The Socialists suffered a major defeat in the Paris region , Ile-de-France , which shifted to the Republicans for the first time in nearly 20 years .
Republican leader Nicolas Sarkozy said now was the time `` for in-depth debates about what worries the French '' , noting security concerns , unemployment and frustration with the European Union .
Image copyright EPA Image caption The results were a shock to FN supporters
These elections were to vote for councils and presidents of the 13 French regions , which have wide powers over local transport , education and economic development .
The Republicans won seven mainland French regions and the Socialists five , with nationalists taking Corsica .
The first round of voting gave the FN the best election results in its history .
It was the first electoral test since the 13 November Paris attacks , in which 130 people were killed - an attack claimed by the so-called Islamic State group .
In the lead-up to the first round , opinion polls suggested that the popularity of the anti-immigration , anti-EU FN had increased since the deadly attacks .
The FN had been hoping a strong performance would boost Marine Le Pen 's chances in the 2017 presidential election .
French press : National Front kept in check
Image copyright Liberation
Canadians consume the most online porn on Mondays , and the busiest month for web users in search of adult thrills is January . That makes today one of the most porn-heavy days of the calendar year , statistically speaking .
Those are just a couple of the insights gleaned from Montreal-based Pornhub , one of the largest porn sites in the world , who graciously compiled data on Canadians ' porn habits at Canada.com 's request . ( It should go without saying that this article discusses some NSFW subject matter . Read on at your own discretion . )
As it turns out , Canadians show some stamina when it comes to self-love , spending over 10 minutes on the site before , er , finding satisfaction . That 's longer than the 9 minutes and 42 seconds it takes U.K. residents and longer still than the global average of 8 minutes and 56 seconds .
While many of the results reflect the typical heterosexual male consumer of online porn , there are still some surprises in the Pornhub data . For example , there 's a 10 per cent drop in porn consumption on Canada Day .
Provincially , Manitobans are the most patriotic with a 13.3 per cent drop in traffic , while Prince Edward Islanders barely slow down to celebrate the day with only a 2.8 per cent redcuction .
Canadians also forego porn for hockey .
Looking at the Pittsburgh-Ottawa semi-finals from last May , Pornhub 's statisticians found a noticeable drop across the country during the game , with Ottawa fans staying away from porn the longest . The Sens ended up winning that game , so maybe the city 's sexual energy was channelled into victory .
Just over half of Canadians use their computers to reach the site , with 40 per cent using their smartphones and another nine per cent using tablets . From 2012 to 2013 , desktop porn consumption dropped from 66 per cent of traffic to only 51 per cent , signalling that the future of online porn is on the small screen .
As for the most popular kind of adult entertainment , Canadians seem split into three discrete segments : the teen genre dominates Alberta and B.C. , “ lesbian ” porn is the most popular in Central Canada and the Maritimes , and MILFs rule the Prairies as well as Newfoundland and Labrador . The territories are evenly split between the three genres . Hopefully a future separatist movement does n't arise from these divisions .
For a fuller look at the data , visit the safe-for-work Pornhub insights page .
Two goals from Adam McGurk secured victory for Portsmouth against National League side Macclesfield Town .
McGurk opened the scoring early on before Pompey keeper Brian Murphy gifted Macclesfield 's Kristian Dennis an equaliser soon after .
Portsmouth regained the lead just before half-time when McGurk capitalised from a rebound in the area .
The victory was Pompey 's first in the FA Cup since beating Tottenham in a 2010 semi-final at Wembley .
Portsmouth boss Paul Cook told BBC Radio Solent :
Media playback is not supported on this device Pompey boss Cook snaps at BBC reporter
`` We never played well today . We huffed and puffed . It 's everything that I do n't like about the game ; continually giving the ball away , looking like we had no thought process , and that 's what happens sometimes when negativity creeps into a club or a team .
`` This season we 've had smashing games with Derby and Reading , we 're now through in the FA Cup , we 're third in the league and I do n't understand where some of it comes from . My job is to route it out .
`` We were n't at it today - and you 've seen in last night 's cup tie ( Salford v Notts County ) what happens when you 're not at it - and that 's why teams will always continually have what people will call 'cup shocks ' , but the reality is they 're not really shocks and we should expect them . ''
The new Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross is exactly what the automaker needs and what many customers want , with a splash of unique styling and high tech goodies to round out the package .
Summing it up is easy : The Eclipse Cross is another compact crossover for Mitsubishi , but one that 's more focused on style , handling , and technology than the more family-friendly Outlander and value-packed but smaller Outlander Sport ( called the RVR in Canada ) .
Mitsubishi is offering another crossover because that 's all people want to buy right now . The brand wants to be a destination for crossover-crazed consumers and the new Eclipse Cross is part of the plan .
What Is It ?
Funky looking and high tech , the Eclipse Cross is kind of like a smaller Outlander . The Outlander can accommodate seven passengers in some configurations , however , while the Eclipse Cross can handle only five people . Despite the unique proportions , the car feels very spacious , and rear seat space is n't limited . You 'll find more than 33 inches of headroom in the back and more than 35 inches of legroom .
The cargo area is large and modular thanks to folding rear seats that also slide forward for additional space . Total space behind the front seats is 48.8 cubic feet and when the rear seats are up , you 'll be able to find more than 22 cubic feet . There 's no power liftgate or a foot-swinging gimmick to embarrass you at the grocery store .
The interior is n't a showcase of luxury materials and design , but it 's very interestingly chiseled and styled . Reminiscent of the three-dimensional dash of recent Lexus models , the Eclipse Cross features fewer eye-catching goodies , but our top-of-the-line SEL ( or GT in Canada ) model featured nifty orange stitching in the leather seats .
Interior Full of Features
On the dashboard is a seven-inch touchscreen that packs Android Auto and Apple CarPlay support . Like a Lexus , the Mitsubishi uses a finicky touchpad to operate the screen as well , which also supports multi-finger gestures like swiping to increase volume ( because there 's no volume knob ) . There does n't seem to be a navigation system , so drivers will have to use their smartphone to get to where they 're going .
There 's an available color head-up display that pops up out of the dash and hides away discreetly when not in use . It 's a rare option in this segment , so it 's interesting to see Mitsubishi offer it . The car also features a number of driver assistance systems and safety nets , including forward collision warning , adaptive cruise control , blind spot monitoring , and a lane departure warning system .
New Engine Under the Hood
Under the hood of the Eclipse Cross is a new turbocharged 1.5-liter four-cylinder engine that features both direct injection and multi-port injection . The power figures seem a bit on the low side at 152 horsepower , but the 184 pound-feet of torque makes up for it . The engine seems up to the task of whisking this crossover around town but seems overwhelmed during uphill stints .
ALSO SEE : Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross Will be the Last Real Mitsubishi
The CVT is buzzy and noisy , but feels lively and energetic , keeping the engine working to maximize performance . If the driver wants to take things into their own hands , there are paddle shifters that will provide eight preset gear ratios to swap through . There 's also an economy-focused drive mode that will maximize fuel economy by banishing any fun . After a few miles in this mode , it was turned off and was n't turned on again .
Power in our top spec tester is sent to all four wheels via the brand 's Super All Wheel Control system . This system can shift power on the front axle between the left and right wheels in order to improve handling and confidence on the road . It 's pretty cool that Mitsubishi sticks all-wheel drive on everything but the base model , further adding to the car 's value advantage . There are three settings for the all-wheel-drive system , Auto , Gravel , and Snow , which are designed to help improve traction in different conditions .
Shines on the Road
On the road , the first thing you 'll notice is how responsive the steering is . Where other crossovers can feel clumsy during quick direction changes , the Mitsubishi felt pretty good on a winding canyon route that is typically sports car territory . The Eclipse Cross was not as agile as a sporty sedan , but it was competent and enjoyable in this setting . The chassis is stiff and well braced , which is a standout feature of this CUV . It 's enjoyable to drive and reminds me of the early Mazda CX-5 from a few years ago .
With big mirrors and plenty of glass , visibility is n't a concern at all , and those extra driving aids go a long way to improve the familiarity with the car .
Mitsubishi Connect
The final part of the Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross to mention is the Mitsubishi Connect telematics system that 's available in the U.S . Emergency response and roadside information services are becoming more common in vehicles and Mitsubishi is meeting the high-tech demands of its customers . Using an onboard 4G LTE modem , the service allows drivers to get help in the case of a collision or emergency . There 's also a smartphone app that allows tracking of miles and remote functionality like door locking and climate controls . It 's free for the first two years of ownership and is $ 99 a year after that . That goes hand-in-hand with Mitsubishi 's aggressive warranty coverage that includes a 10-year/100,000-mile powertrain warranty and a 5-year/60,000-mile new vehicle warranty .
The Verdict : 2018 Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross Review
Ultimately , this crossover surprises with its road-focused driving feel , well-equipped interior and standard all-wheel drive . I wish it was available at a more eye-catching price , as it starts at around $ 24,000 in the U.S . The main competitors are the Mazda CX-5 , which offers a more upscale look and interior , as well as the Kia Sportage and Hyundai Tucson , which both offer great value for buyers . The Eclipse Cross is a perfect fit with those cars , fitting right between the Mazda and the Korean cars with its distinct combination of style and equipment .
Discuss this article on our Mitsubishi Eclipse Cross Forum
It 's all about the money now in back-to-school planning .
How much will parents spend on school supplies , how much will it cost to go to university or college , and how much debt will that mean for students ? These are the questions we 're asking , and good on us for doing so . Education is not so sacrosanct that we should n't look at both benefits and costs .
In fact , it 's time to add another money question to our thinking about education . When attending university , what kind of payoff is there on the cost of earning a degree ?
Story continues below advertisement
This question is the missing piece in all the efforts to help young people become more financially literate . Sure , talk to them about budgeting , smart and stupid spending and the toxicity of credit cards in the hands of people with no jobs . But then ask them what kind of job prospects and salary they expect to have after completing their chosen course of study .
A recent report from CIBC World Markets takes an unusually direct approach to answering these questions , and the results are just dismal for almost half of recent graduates . These are the young adults who study psychology , humanities , social sciences and education . The report , using the most recent Statistics Canada data available , shows that many people in these disciplines earn less than the median income in Canada , which is just under $ 30,000 .
`` Can someone who has a BA in history make less than somebody who [ only ] went to high school ? It 's very possible , '' said Benjamin Tal , deputy chief economist at CIBC World Markets and co-author of the report .
With tuition costs rising more than inflation on a regular basis , there 's been talk in recent years about whether a postsecondary education is worth the cost . CIBC finds the unemployment rate for graduates to be 1.7 percentage points below those who have only a high school education , but that 's down from a little over three percentage points in the 1990s .
In consulting Statscan data , CIBC found that a bachelor 's degree gets you an average earnings premium of more than 30 per cent over a high school graduate . Yet after-inflation weekly wages for high school and college grads grew at a rate of 13 per cent over the previous decade , compared with just 8 per cent for holders of bachelor degrees .
The easy conclusion here is that a university education is n't worth what it used to be . But that 's only true of certain degrees . In fields such as engineering , computer science , commerce and health , graduates are benefiting from huge earnings premiums over high school grads .
In any given year , an engineering grad can expect to earn 117 per cent more than a high school grad on average , while grads in math , computer and physical sciences make 86 per cent more . Fine- and applied-arts students make 12 per cent less , while grads in humanities and social sciences make 23 and 38 per cent more , respectively .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
How can the payoff from studying humanities and social sciences be so puny ? Mr. Tal theorizes that a high school grad will be open to a wide range of jobs , whereas holders of a BA may narrow their job search and thus miss out on some opportunities .
The trend of better-paying jobs being found in engineering and computer science has also been observed in the United States , Sweden and other industrialized countries . But , with the exception of commerce , there has n't been a meaningful flow of students into better paying careers .
We are not all capable of becoming engineers . I remember the day in Grade 13 calculus when I realized I was in over my head and sinking fast . Always a borderline innumerate , I tried calculus only to keep my options open . But engineering was never a realistic option , and I know plenty of people like me .
`` We are not saying by any stretch of the imagination that we have to force people to become engineers if it 's not in them , '' Mr. Tal said . But they figure that another 10 to 15 per cent of students could be lured into engineering and the sciences by making related high school courses more appealing .
As for those who prefer to study humanities , Mr. Tal suggests a closer collaboration between colleges and universities that would take a conventional BA and upgrade it with a more practical component .
The risk of spending big money on a university degree with little or no payoff has never been higher , the CIBC report concludes . That 's why both schools and parents need to talk to kids about how what you study influences your chances of having a good job and salary . Call it Financial Literacy For Students 101 .
Story continues below advertisement
For more personal finance coverage , follow Rob Carrick on Twitter ( @ rcarrick ) and Facebook ( robcarrickfinance ) .
the taste of chicago is upon us , and starting tomorrow ( Friday 24th ) , bike will not be allowed on metra through the 4th .
make alternate plans .
even though the fest is in the afternoon , and herds of people dont go outbound to the 'taste ' , metra has blocked all bikes on all trains , including a.m. outbound . this of course , makes no sense to me . they just created a blanket 'no ' statement to avoid any questions .
last year , i took daily photos of both outbound in inbound trains to show the vast vacancy at the ADA seats where bikes go . only friday pm inbound was there any major ridership - but no more than your usual cubs or sox game ridership . unfortunately , metra does not accept emails and i could never forward those pictures . i wish they would reevaluate their stance on the blanket 'no ' statement .
luckily , im outta town for next week .
The Simpsons might have come to Australia way back in 1995 for an infamous episode which drew the ire of local fans , but the series ' creator Matt Groening will make their first trip down under in November to speak at the Sydney Opera House .
Let 's just hope they obey local laws and we do n't have to employ one of our proudest punishment traditions , the boot .
Groening will be appearing as part of the Opera House 's GRAPHIC festival of visual storytelling , animation and music .
In their first talk , Secrets of The Simpsons , And A Couple Of Milhouse Fun Facts , Groening will share home movies , stories of the series ' creation , and , according to the media release , some full-frontal cartoon nudity . He 'll also appear in conversation with their friend and fellow cartoonist Lynda Barry for Love , Hate & Comics : The Friendship That Would Not Die .
Groening said , in a statement : “ The most intense Simpsons fanatics I 've met are from Australia , so I 'm coming to Sydney to check out all you lunatics … I 'm going to share stories of the making of The Simpsons and show embarrassing home movies and rarely-seen animation , including oddball outtakes and uncensored Itchy & Scratchy cartoons . ”
Ben Marshall , GRAPHIC co-curator and Head of Contemporary Music at Sydney Opera House , said : “ GRAPHIC exists to highlight and champion those singular voices in comics , animation , illustration and contemporary music that are capable of producing great art , but are usually passed over in traditional arts conversations . I think there 's no better embodiment of this idea , dead or alive , than Matt Groening – which is why we 've been chasing them to appear at GRAPHIC for six years .
The full GRAPHIC 2016 line-up is below :
Matt Groening 's ‘ Secrets of The Simpsons , And A Couple Of Milhouse Fun Facts ' . Expect embarrassing home movies , rare animated clips and even some full-frontal cartoon nudity in an Australia-first appearance at Sydney Opera House from one of the true meccas of animated storytelling .
( AUSTRALIAN PREMIERE , SYDNEY ONLY )
' . Expect embarrassing home movies , rare animated clips and even some full-frontal cartoon nudity in an Australia-first appearance at Sydney Opera House from one of the true meccas of animated storytelling . ( AUSTRALIAN PREMIERE , SYDNEY ONLY ) Matt Groening & Lynda Barry : ‘ Love , Hate & Comics : The Friendship That Would Not Die ' celebrates a lifelong friendship since the halcyon days of underground comic strips . The Simpsons creator and Eisner Hall of Famer Lynda Barry make their first appearance in Australia – a GRAPHIC exclusive featuring two storytelling legends in intimate conversation ;
( AUSTRALIAN PREMIERE , SYDNEY ONLY )
' celebrates a lifelong friendship since the halcyon days of underground comic strips . The Simpsons creator and Eisner Hall of Famer make their first appearance in Australia – a GRAPHIC exclusive featuring two storytelling legends in intimate conversation ; ( AUSTRALIAN PREMIERE , SYDNEY ONLY ) In partnership with Sydney Film Festival , George Lucas ' THX 1138 will be re-scored live for the digital age with subs , breaks and riddims by Asian Dub Foundation . A film every Star Wars fan needs to see , George Lucas ' directorial debut THX 1138 is the mythical sci-fi classic that became the blueprint for epic sci-fi sagas to this day . The legendary number became as big as the Death Star itself – Chewbacca 's alleged cellblock ; the numberplate of the yellow hot rod in American Graffiti ; a cosmic redneck bar in Futurama ; and even the cover art for Daft Punk 's ‘ Get Lucky ' . Produced by Francis Ford Coppola , featuring a young Robert Duvall and originally scored by Grammy Award-winner Lalo Schifrin ( Mission : Impossible , Cool Hand Luke ) , George Lucas ' THX 1138 continues to ripple through pop culture today . GRAPHIC presents George Lucas ' THX 1138 for a finale in a festival lineage of sold-out film favourites , from Akira performed by Regurgitator to Mad Max mastermind George Miller in conversation ; and
( AUSTRALIAN PREMIERE )
, will be re-scored live for the digital age with subs , breaks and riddims by . A film every Star Wars fan needs to see , directorial debut is the mythical sci-fi classic that became the blueprint for epic sci-fi sagas to this day . The legendary number became as big as the Death Star itself – Chewbacca 's alleged cellblock ; the numberplate of the yellow hot rod in American Graffiti ; a cosmic redneck bar in Futurama ; and even the cover art for Daft Punk 's ‘ Get Lucky ' . Produced by , featuring a young and originally scored by Grammy Award-winner ( Mission : Impossible , Cool Hand Luke ) , George Lucas ' THX 1138 continues to ripple through pop culture today . GRAPHIC presents George Lucas ' THX 1138 for a finale in a festival lineage of sold-out film favourites , from Akira performed by Regurgitator to Mad Max mastermind in conversation ; and ( AUSTRALIAN PREMIERE ) Two Australian film premieres from legendary storyteller and GRAPHIC alumnus Neil Gaiman , transforming the Concert Hall into a grand theatre for screening the documentary ‘ Dream Dangerously ' and ‘ Likely Stories ' , a collection of some of their best short fantasies adapted for the screen by Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard ( Nick Cave 's 20,000 Days on Earth , Scott Walker 's Bish Bosch : Ambisymphonic ) .
( AUSTRALIAN PREMIERE )
Free talks hosted by Gizmodo 's Rae Johnson , including :
Michael Leunig : A National Treasure : the famed Australian cartoonist , poet and cultural commentator returns to the Opera House ; the mind behind The Duck , Vasco Pyjama and Mr. Curly – aka the fellow with a large nose . Declared a living treasure by the National Trust of Australia , expect to hear the poet laureate discuss their life and secrets , including the intricate joys of talking to strangers in the street , walking in the local park , morning coffee in the café , and chamber music ;
: the famed Australian cartoonist , poet and cultural commentator returns to the Opera House ; the mind behind The Duck , Vasco Pyjama and Mr. Curly – aka the fellow with a large nose . Declared a living treasure by the National Trust of Australia , expect to hear the poet laureate discuss their life and secrets , including the intricate joys of talking to strangers in the street , walking in the local park , morning coffee in the café , and chamber music ; First Dog on the Moon : How Not To Be Quite So Terrible : the Walkley-winning political cartoonist is your premium guide to modern Australian living on ABC Radio National and , on the side , the official cartoonist for the Western Bulldogs ;
: the Walkley-winning political cartoonist is your premium guide to modern Australian living on ABC Radio National and , on the side , the official cartoonist for the Western Bulldogs ; Brandon Graham – the graffiti artist turned manga illustrator – shares about their life in drawing , tracking their career from Eisner-winning King City , to experimental comic / essay / pin-up / bonus content anthology Island , to penning the return of cult ‘ 90s superhuman Prophet on the fabled Image Comics ;
– the graffiti artist turned manga illustrator – shares about their life in drawing , tracking their career from Eisner-winning King City , to experimental comic / essay / pin-up / bonus content anthology Island , to penning the return of cult ‘ 90s superhuman Prophet on the fabled Image Comics ; State of the Nation : Safdar Ahmed , Alisha Jade , James Andre & Sarah Howell . Comics are more popular than ever … but what does this mean for the independent spirit at the heart of the art ? This panel will dissect sexism in comics with Platinum Ledger Award-winner Alisha Jade ( Women in Comics Australia ) , why lurid storytelling matters to James Andre ( Milk Shadow Books ) , through to the political tensions illustrated in Safdar Ahmed 's work ( Villawood : Notes from an Immigration Detention Centre ) and Sarah Howell ( Melbourne 's Squishface Studio , co-director of National Young Writers ' Festival 2009-10 ) ; and
. Comics are more popular than ever … but what does this mean for the independent spirit at the heart of the art ? This panel will dissect sexism in comics with Platinum Ledger Award-winner Alisha Jade ( Women in Comics Australia ) , why lurid storytelling matters to James Andre ( Milk Shadow Books ) , through to the political tensions illustrated in Safdar Ahmed 's work ( Villawood : Notes from an Immigration Detention Centre ) and Sarah Howell ( Melbourne 's Squishface Studio , co-director of National Young Writers ' Festival 2009-10 ) ; and Felix Colgrave with Greg Sharp & Alex Grigg . Notching four million views with their animated music video for Fever the Ghost 's ‘ SOURCE ' , Felix 's psychedelic kingdoms combine the fantastical and mundane – and they now count even rap royalty DJ Mustard , Nicki Minaj and Jeremih on their portfolio . A wizardous internet sensation who broke through with The Elephant 's Garden – winner of Best Australian Film at MIAF 2014 – Felix will be in full-bearded glory with Rubber House 's Greg Sharp and Alex Grigg ( Fallout 4 , VICE , Comedy Central ) .
GRAPHIC 's free film screenings are back , with :
Let 's see the unseen ! This blog entry is dedicated to the art of x-rayography as developed by outstanding Nick Veasey – the hunter of a fascinating inner-space reality . Driven by a wonder of what goes on inside the design , Nick reveals the secrets and shows what it is like under the surface . They create spectacular inside-out images of the mundane and bizarre with a very fine detail capture mainly due to some of that fancy complicated radiographic gadgetry they use for taking x-rays . And each their object turns out to have its own unique language , rhythm , and plasticity . Now you can see this rare and unusual imagery into the complex beautiful structures of the normally ordinary things . Below goes the round-up of their works with awesome x-ray vision that uncovers the fascinating inner beauty usually hidden from the naked eye .
Fashion
* * *
* * *
* * *
Man and Machine
* * *
* * *
* * *
Objects
* * *
* * *
* * *
Toys
* * *
* * *
* * *
Aquatic
* * *
* * *
* * *
Animals
* * *
* * *
* * *
Insects
* * *
* * *
* * *
Plant Life
* * *
* * *
* * *
Where 's the line between your happiness and the happiness of others ?
A lot of people blur the boundary and hang their happiness on others . Unfortunately by doing so , they pretty much guarantee unhappiness for everyone involved . No matter who is in your life , whether it 's children , spouse , friends or family members , your happiness has to come from within first . And then once you 're happy , you can help others work on their happiness in a healthy way .
But is n't it better to give of yourself and make sure others are happy ? Is n't that the selfless thing to do ?
Nope . And I 'm going to go as far as saying that hanging your happiness on the happiness of others is n't selfless at all – it 's totally selfish and puts unfair and unrealistic expectations on others .
Do n't believe me ? Let 's look at a couple of examples .
Selfish Happiness
People who have a very selfish idea of happiness are only happy when everyone around them is happy . They also believe that unhappy people should make more of an effort to be happy because it 's not fair to inflict their unhappiness on others .
By hanging your happiness on others in this way , you basically sign yourself up to a roller coaster of emotions as you ride the moods of people around you . You can also make things worse , telling the people around you to be happier because it hurts you to see them unhappy .
Holy pressure , Batman ! By telling others this , you 're being way selfish and saying : you are now responsible for my happiness . Too much of this unasked-for responsibility and you 'll end up pushing away all your close relationships , because honestly , who wants to deal with that kind of responsibility ?
Rose Nielund from Golden Girls is a classic example of this type . They needed everyone around them to like them and to be happy all the time . If not they would hound them , doing nice things for them and pushing them to be happier so that they could be happy . Of course the opposite usually happened , with people just getting frustrated with them and telling them to leave them alone .
I used to be a Rose but once I learned to find my happiness from within and to not hang my happiness on others , everyone around me ( including me ! ) became a whole lot happier . My close friends and my partner no longer felt responsible for my happiness . They could be themselves , including cranky , irritable , or whatever emotion they were feeling , without having to consider how their mood would affect me . Of course , this does n't mean they 're free to take bad moods out on me , but if they 're having a bad day , I 'm no longer pushing them to cheer me up .
Pushing Happiness
The happiness pusher takes responsibility for everyone 's happiness and get hurt when everyone is n't all smiles and kittens .
This type often appears in one half of a couple or in parents . They always do things for the other , “ taking care ” of partners or children , but in reality they 're not paying any attention to what their partner or children really want , nor do they understand that what 's going on in the other person 's world has nothing to do with them .
They push their idea of happiness on the people in their lives . An extreme example of this would be Bree Van de Kamp from Desperate Housewives . They have a very clear idea of what would make everyone happy and they see it as their duty to tell everyone exactly how they need to behave and what actions to take to be happy . Of course this makes for great television full of laughs and drama , but in real life it 's a bit stressful .
A typical real life example would be parents who stick their kids into activities that they would have loved to do as children but did n't get the chance to . And while parenting does require taking some responsibility for the happiness of your children , it does not give you free reign to tell them what will make them happy .
Like people who have a selfish happiness , happiness pushers get offended when the people around them are n't happy . They see it as a personal failing in themselves for not being able to please others , to keep them happy , so they start pushing more , coming up with ways to make others happy without asking what the other person wants and without giving the other person any space to deal with their happiness on their own .
If you 're a happiness pusher , here are two tips that might help you internalize your happiness instead of pushing it on others .
The world wo n't end if the people around you are n't always happy . It 's okay to be sad , angry , depressed , or whatever every once in a while . Everyone is different . What might make you happy wo n't necessarily make others happy . Let people choose for themselves what dreams to pursue and what to feel at any given moment .
Healthy Happiness
Of course , there 's an extreme on the other side where the happiness of others does n't matter at all and you 're selfish and pushy in a completely different manner . Like all extremes though , there 's a middle ground to be found , a happy medium if you will .
If you really want to make other people happy , be a happy person yourself . Most people like to be happy and studies have shown happiness is catchy . You do n't need to push your happiness on others , or demand that they be happy to keep you happy .
You just need to be happy on your own . That 'll go a long way to making others happy .
And if they 're having a bad day , then go ahead and try to cheer them up , but recognize that sometimes people need to be unhappy for whatever reason . They need to feel blue . That 's not a bad thing – the so-called negative emotions are a part of human existence and should n't be shunned . So let them have a good wallow and continue to be happy on your own . They 'll eventually break out of it and come join in on the fun .
Unfortunately sometimes the unhappiness of others does affect your own . After all , human beings are also social creatures and if you want to go do something fun but your partner or friend is being a total downer , you 're likely going to feel a little blue as well . Sometimes , however , for the sake of the relationship you simply have to accept this other-person-induced sadness for a little while as they work their way through what 's bothering them .
And at other times you may need to go off and do your own thing . Yes , they might get mad at you for “ abandoning them ” but they 'll get over it . And if they do n't , then you might need to ask yourself what sort of relationship do you have with them ?
As for how to find happiness within ? Well , that 's a whole other post…
Photo by Jenna Carver
On Monday , President Donald Trump met with Americans described by the White House as “ victims ” of Obamacare to hear their stories .
In what the administration called a “ listening session , ” Trump referred to the Affordable Care Act as the “ very , very failed and failing Obamacare law ” as they heard from citizens in the Roosevelt Room who have had negative experiences with the health care law , according to the White House press pool .
“ We paid $ 8,000 for five months and were never able to use it , ” Georgia woman Brittany Ivey told Trump .
Ivey , who said they left their full-time job in 2009 to focus on their children , claimed they had a family plan for four that went up by 102 percent . After they lost insurance that had been provided by their husband 's employer , Ivey said they looked for a new job with health care benefits but was unable to find employment that would have provided insurance .
According to Ivey , the family had to purchase Obamacare coverage , which resulted in the loss of their preferred doctors .
Louis Brown , a Virginia resident and a former Democratic National Committee staffer , said , “ [ People should be ] at the center of our American health care system , not the government . ”
Brown said that they worked for the DNC during the early stages of Obamacare , but added they quit the job due to their pro-life stance . They said they supported Trump in the presidential election .
Carrie Couey , a cattle rancher from Colorado , said that the health care costs associated with Obamacare affected their family so much that it put their food source at risk .
“ We ca n't afford our [ ranching ] equipment if we 're paying these rates year , after year , after year . Our food source is in jeopardy because of this health care law , ” Couey said .
Elias Seife , a second-generation immigrant from Cuba living in Florida , said they had their individual plan canceled .
Seife mentioned their parents , who came to America from a communist society , as living testaments against Obamacare , saying , “ They know what socialism is all about . I know what socialism is … and this whole system was meant to have one single provider . ”
Robin Armstrong , a doctor from Texas , said many of their patients are not sufficiently insured under Obamacare , as they are affected by expensive premiums and deductibles .
Armstrong said they like the new American Health Care Act , the Obamacare replacement proposed by House Republicans , saying , “ I actually read the bill that 's been produced , that 's coming out of the House now and I really like a lot of the changes in it . I think this is going to correct a lot of issues that Obamacare has had . ”
The president voiced their opposition to the media 's coverage of Obamacare , claiming that the press is attempting to cover up the health care law 's downfalls to make it “ look so good . ”
“ First of all , it covers very few people and it 's imploding . And [ 2017 ] will be the worst year , ” Trump said .
Trump attributed Obamacare 's favorable media coverage to nostalgia , claiming the law is similar to President Barack Obama in appearing better now than it actually is .
“ It 's a little bit like President Obama . When they left , people liked him . When they were here , people did n't like them so much . That 's the way life goes . That 's human nature , ” they said .
Trump concluded their remarks by calling Obamacare a “ horrible thing . ”
rushed for a career-best 174 yards and UTSA registered a school-record 569 yards of offense and held Texas State to 198 in a 44-14 victory on Saturday night at Bobcat Stadium.The Roadrunners ran their record to 3-0 for the first time since the 2012 team won its first five games , and they improved to 2-0 all-time against the Bobcats ( 1-3 ) .Rhodes ' total now stands second on the school 's single-game list and it came on just 15 carries ( 11.6 avg ) , as the junior running back turned in their second 100-yard game of the season and third of their career . UTSA piled up a program-record 357 yards on the ground and possessed the ball for 35 minutes and 21 seconds.also posted a career high with 72 yards and a TD on 13 totes , whilemade the most of their one carry , racing 71 yards to paydirt late in the contest for the seventh-longest run in school annals.Meanwhile , the defense held its fifth straight opponent to less than 300 yards and its last two have gained less than 200 . The Roadrunners tied a school record with 11 tackles for loss , led by three fromand two each byand . Davenport andled UTSA with six tackles apiece , whileadded five stops and the first defensive score of the season.UTSA got on the board first whencapped an 11-play , 71-yard drive with a 21-yard field goal on the opening possession.The Roadrunners extended their lead to 10-0 when defensive endforced a fumble in the backfield that Tauaefa scooped up and returned 22 yards for a touchdown . It marked the first fumble return for a score since the 2013 season.The Bobcats marched 94 yards in nine plays on their next possession . Damian Williams , who had a 30-yard dash early in the drive , scored on a keeper from two yards out to cut the UTSA lead to 10-7 with 5:27 left in the opening stanza.However , Rhodes broke loose for 67 yards and a touchdown early in the second quarter to put the Birds back up by two scores.After Texas State answered with a 9-yard TD pass from Williams to Jeremiah Haydel , UTSA took advantage of a pair of 15-yard penalties on the Bobcats to push the lead back to 10 points . Clay capped a nine-play , 65-yard march with a 5-yard scamper to the end zone.With time expiring in the half , Sackett split the uprights from 43 yards out to give the visitors a 27-14 lead at the break.Sackett extended the UTSA lead to 30-14 with a 27-yard field goal with six minutes left in the third quarter.Rhodes added their second score of the night on a 36-yard dash early in the final quarter and Winnegan 's career-long TD run with 4:20 left provided the final margin.UTSA outgained Texas State 257 to 45 in the second half in cruising to the 30-point road win.completed 17-of-25 passes for 212 yards and those passes went to seven different receivers.hauled in four for 56 yards and Rhodes also had four for 27.led all players with 75 yards on three catches.The Roadrunners will take next weekend off before hosting Southern Miss in the Conference USA opener on Saturday , Oct. 7 . Kickoff is set for 6 p.m. at the Alamodome and the game will be televised on KMYS-CW 35 in San Antonio and it also will stream live via Stadium on Facebook .
Newark resident Myrlene Mondelus first experienced Saint Michael 's Medical Center as a breast cancer patient in December 2016 .
Them experience inspired them to want to become a hospital employee .
“ From the moment I walked through the door to the moment I left , everyone was kind and open minded , ” said Mondelus , who is hoping to get into nursing when they complete their studies from to Essex County College , but in the meantime is seeking to land a job in the hospital 's housekeeping department .
Sign Up for E-News
“ They made it so easy when I was scared , '' Mondelus said . `` That 's why I would love more than anything to be a part of it . ”
Mondelus was one of nearly 500 job seekers who came in search of open positions at Saint Michael 's at a job fair today at Essex County College .
The job fair , which was filled to capacity , was open to both students of Essex County College majoring in health-related fields and residents of the community interested in a career in the health care profession .
`` Saint Michael 's is growing and as we add more services to the hospital , we need more staff , '' said John Regina , director of Human Resources at Saint Michael 's . `` Despite all the technological advances , hospitals are labor intensive . It takes dedicated , compassionate and competent healthcare workers to deliver the highest quality patient care services . ''
While Essex County College has hosted large job fairs in the past , this is the first time the county college has partnered with a single employer , said Mitra Choudhury , director of Training Inc. , the career training institute run by Essex County College .
“ We are trying to target specific employers that already have available jobs , ” Choudhury said . “ With large job fairs , it is difficult to track who got jobs . We will be looking to do these types of job fairs with other local employers going forward . ”
The job fair attracted some 175 Essex County College students enrolled in the Division of Nursing & Allied Health , which offers academic programs and certificates of completion in numerous healthcare disciplines .
In addition to offering degrees in Nursing and Licensed Practical Nursing , the Allied Health department offers certificates in areas such as dental , dietary , physical therapy , radiography , respiratory , and vision care .
Choudhury said the college also decided to open the job fair to members of the local community . As a community college , they said , Essex County College is vested in the community and has always worked closely with the City of Newark in providing training and employment opportunities .
“ It has always been our mission to help the community at large , ” Choudhury said . “ Helping residents get jobs fulfills that mission . ”
Norma Gonzalez , senior economic development director for Newark Community Economic Development Corp. , said they were thrilled that Saint Michael 's and Essex County College partnered to offer an exclusive job fair .
“ This job fair helps Newark residents tremendously , ” Gonzalez said . “ We have many Newark residents graduating in the health allied field . As I walked around , I saw a lot of Newark residents who are getting some commitments . So this is a wonderful thing . ”
Saint Michael 's has openings in nursing , rehabilitation services , finance , information technology , engineering , clinical laboratory , respiratory care , security and support services .
Ibn Ali , a South Ward resident who 's been out of work for two years , came in search of a job in housekeeping . They said they worked at East Orange General Hospital for 13 years before being laid off when Prospect Medical Holdings took ownership of the hospital two years ago .
`` I started at East Orange General as a housekeeping supervisor and worked my way up , '' Ali said . `` When I heard about the job fair I said , ' I fit the criteria for everything . Let me go here and see what happens . ' So I 'm here to see if I can obtain a job . I 'm just looking for opportunities to see if I can get in and be a part of the team . I heard it 's a great place to work . ''
The growth of Saint Michael 's comes just two years after a state-commissioned report by Navigant Consulting recommended that the hospital be closed and replaced with an acute care center because Newark had an abundance of hospital beds . It also comes less than 18 months after the hospital sought voluntary reorganization in U.S. Bankruptcy Court .
Since then , the hospital has been sold to Prime Healthcare Services , which specializes in buying struggling hospitals and turning them around . Prime , which owns 44 hospitals in 14 states , has already invested $ 21 million into the hospital and plans to invest a total of $ 50 million by 2021 .
`` We are thrilled that so many people in the community are interested in becoming part of our long-term growth in the city , '' said Saint Michael 's CEO Robert Iannaccone . `` We were especially pleased with the high quality of job applicants who are hoping to become part of our team . With the additional staff that will be hired , we will have the ability to continue delivering compassionate , patient-centered healthcare to the community . ”
Saint Michael 's , which is licensed for 358 beds , employs more than 1,250 , nearly a third of whom live in Newark .
The Rev . Ronald Slaughter , the pastor of Saint James AME church and the chairperson of the Saint Michael 's board , said the job fair is an indication that Saint Michael 's is committed to the community .
“ Saint Michaels is thoroughly committed to helping Essex County and Newark become a better place economically and holistically by employing people who live in our communities , ” Slaughter said . “ Saint Michaels believes in Essex County and Newarkers . ”
Central Ward Councilwoman Gayle Chaneyfield Jenkins , who lead the charge on the City Council to keep the hospital open , said the rebirth of Saint Michael 's benefits not only the economy of the Central Ward , but the entire city and surrounding community .
“ We fought to keep this hospital not only because it provides excellent health care for our community , but it also provides jobs for our residents , ” Chaneyfield Jenkins said . “ If Saint Michael 's had closed , it would have been devastating to the community . Instead , the community benefits because Saint Michael 's is open and thriving . ”
Hey everyone , Carlos “ I am Carlos ” here , I 'm a producer on the skins team , and I want to share an update about Sewn Chaos Blitzcrank and Amumu . After receiving some feedback about the skins , we 've decided to not release them going forward . Sometimes we work on things that just do n't end up hitting our quality bar . And usually , we try to cut those things well before they actually hit PBE , but in this case we were a little too late . The truth is neither Sewn Chaos Blitzcrank nor Sewn Chaos Amumu hit the quality expected of our recent skins , so we 're making the call to remove them . So what does this mean for Blitz and Amumu skins in the immediate future ? Well , we 're going to head back to the lab and figure out how to give both champs the skins they deserve . And we 'd like to hear your ideas for skins that would best represent these champs . We do n't have an exact timeline for when these two will have new skins come out , but we can promise that we will not forget about them . As always , thanks for having patience with us as we figure out how to approach these problems . If you have any questions , feel free to drop them below and we 'll make sure to get to them as soon as possible . Thanks , I am Carlos PS : Since we 're making this call late , you 'll likely see some of the assets attached to these skins in LCU , but they wo n't be available for purchase , and we will be removing them come next patch .
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Working with the .NET Core Angular template has made it much easier to get up and running with Angular . You have a relatively familiar project setup with .NET Core serving as the api and Angular on the client side . Let 's say you 've built an app , have a few tests , and now you 're ready to deploy it to Azure . Visual Studio Team Services is a fine choice when it comes to a CI/CD pipeline and it comes with free build minutes .
Until recently I went the route of running Karma/Jasmine tests with PhantomJS . Needless to say it was a painful experience . Tests that would work just fine in Chrome failed unexpectedly in PhantomJS . Not to mention it requires polyfills and constant attention to keep it propped up and running . No doubt it served it purpose but today there is a new option : headless Chrome !
Headless Chrome
Released earlier this year headless Chrome is an exciting update . You can run your js tests in a real browser and in headless mode . While it 's fairly easy to integrate headless Chrome in a CI system like Travis , would n't it be great if you can integrate this into your CI/CD pipeline in VSTS ? It turns out you can .
The Chrome team also released their own automation framework called Puppeteer . By adding Puppeteer to our Angular/.NET Core app we can easily run our js tests in VSTS without having to use PhantomJS . No more pain , toil , and frustration that comes with using PhantomJS .
Project Setup
The setup is relatively simple .
Run npm install puppeteer -- save-dev in your Angular app . Go to your karma.config.js file , and locate module.exports at the top of the file . Add process.env.CHROME_BIN = require ( `` puppeteer '' ) .executablePath ( ) ; above module.exports . Set singleRun to true . Add `` vendor '' : `` webpack -- config webpack.config.vendor.js '' to the scripts section in your package.json .
Puppeteer downloads a worry free version of Chromium that 's guaranteed to work out of the box so that 's all we need to run headless Chrome in VSTS .
Setting single run to true runs our tests only once . And the vendor script is required to package our Angular app .
Setting up your CI Pipeline
Once you 're inside VSTS , create a new build definition . Choose the default definition for .NET Core . We 're going to add a few extra npm commands to this pipeline .
We 'll need three npm commands .
npm install npm run vendor npm test
For the last two npm commands choose the custom command option . For npm test , just use custom and then test for the command and arguments . The second command will look like this :
At the beginning of the build definition , add npm install . Then we 'll run the webpack script we created with npm run vendor .
Lastly , after the .NET Core build , add the final npm command npm test . Your CI definition should look something like this :
The Test Run
For the default agent , choose Hosted VS2017 and you 're ready to give it a go !
If all goes well you should see the following output from your test run .
webpack : Compiled successfully.2017-10-24T01:42:40.4786722Z [ 32m24 10 2017 01:42:40.476 : INFO [ karma ] : [ 39mKarma v1.7.0 server started at http : //0.0.0.0:9876/2017-10-24T01:42:40.4786722Z [ 32m24 10 2017 01:42:40.477 : INFO [ launcher ] : [ 39mLaunching browser ChromeHeadless with unlimited concurrency2017-10-24T01:42:40.5396733Z [ 32m24 10 2017 01:42:40.536 : INFO [ launcher ] : [ 39mStarting browser ChromeHeadless2017-10-24T01:42:43.9078114Z [ 32m24 10 2017 01:42:43.906 : INFO [ HeadlessChrome 0.0.0 ( Windows 10 0.0.0 ) ] : [ 39mConnected on socket qvbbVZjmETFm9WtXAAAA with id 451538562017-10-24T01:42:44.2088218Z HeadlessChrome 0.0.0 ( Windows 10 0.0.0 ) : Executed 0 of 2 SUCCESS ( 0 secs / 0 secs ) 2017-10-24T01:42:44.5770008Z [ 1A [ 2KHeadlessChrome 0.0.0 ( Windows 10 0.0.0 ) : Executed 1 of 2 SUCCESS ( 0 secs / 0.253 secs ) 2017-10-24T01:42:44.5770008Z [ 1A [ 2KHeadlessChrome 0.0.0 ( Windows 10 0.0.0 ) : Executed 2 of 2 SUCCESS ( 0 secs / 0.281 secs ) 2017-10-24T01:42:44.5780000Z [ 1A [ 2KHeadlessChrome 0.0.0 ( Windows 10 0.0.0 ) : Executed 2 of 2 SUCCESS ( 0.37 secs / 0.281 secs ) 2017-10-24T01:42:44.6950867Z # # [ section ] Finishing : Chromium Tests
Great success ! Now you can easily run js tests with headless chrome inside VSTS . If you want to see a sample project , click here . And if you have any tips or suggestions on improving this simple CI pipeline let me know .
This week we 've examined pre-rolls and investigated the chemistry of joints , now we bring you some of the most jaw-dropping images of cannabis joints the Internet has to offer .
As the cannabis industry itself grows , so does the need for skilled cannabis photographers . Fortunately , there are many talented creators entering the space , many of whom share their work online via social media . To accompany our week-long tribute to joints , we wanted to highlight some of the best and most beautiful images of joints yet created .
After reviewing thousands of cannabis images , we 're pleased to present you with some of our very favorites . We hope you 'll enjoy them as much as we enjoyed finding them !
Image Source : @ SheSmokesJoints / Tumblr
In the words of the photographer : “ Snailed it . ”
Image Source : @ northwestgreens / Instagram
Sculpting cannabis oil is n't the only way to make it look great . The photographer 's expert use of light and color make the image pop , bringing out the golden hues of the extract and deep greens of the dried flower within .
Image Source : Mr . Smoke and Toke / Flickr
Whether you love them , hate them , profess their brilliance , or deny their functionality , you ca n't deny the cross joint has an iconic place in cannabis pop culture .
Image Source : Seagrass Photography / @ Instagram
It 's hard to go wrong with sunset light and a good joint .
Image Source : @ Resinated_Lens / Instagram
We love seeing cannabis photographed in unique ways . This fun use of colored studio lights and background lights that created the “ bokeh ” effect is simply beautiful .
Image Source : @ NaturalGanja / Instagram
Colorful strains are great for photography , so is an innovative mind . Artfully arranging the dried flower around the outside of this joint may not be conventional , but it creates a stunning visual effect .
Image Source : Will Jones / Instagram
Sometimes some of the most beautiful moments are the little ones . Sharing a joint with friends is a time-honored tradition , and we love this image that captures that moment so exquisitely .
Red agencies/ districts controlled by the Taliban ; purple is de facto control ; yellow is under threat .
The Pakistani Taliban continue military operations in the tribal agencies and the settled regions of the Northwest Frontier Province despite ongoing negotiations to sign a peace agreement with the government . Forces loyal to Baitullah Mehsud overran a town previously run by pro-government tribal forces , and beheaded 22 Pakistanis . In Peshawar , the provincial capital , police and government officials have said the Taliban is close to taking control of the city .
Baitullah Mehsud strikes in South Waziristan
As the Pakistani government continues negotiations with Baitullah Mehsud , the South Waziristan warlord and leader of the Pakistani Taliban launched an attack on rival tribal leaders in the town of Jandola . On Sunday , forces loyal to Baitullah took over the town during heavy fighting after attacking the home of the leader of a local peace committee in the region . The fighting resulted in seven members of the pro-government Bhittani tribe and two Taliban fighters killed .
The Taliban then kidnapped 30 members of the Bhittani tribe . Twenty-two were executed in a brutal fashion . “ Some of the dead were shot and some had their throats slit , ” a district official told AFP . “ The men 's hands were tied behind their backs and the corpses left in a drain by a roadside , ” AFP reported . The tribesmen have also been described as “ pro-Karzai , ” referring to Afghanistan 's president .
A sketch map of North and South Waziristan . Map from The Khyber Gateway . Click to view .
The Taliban claimed the men were criminals and were executed for their crimes . “ The men we killed were involved in thefts and robbery and had unleashed a reign of terror on the people . They were being patronized by the government , ” Mullah Omar , the spokesperson for Baitullah Mehsud told AFP . Omar said the fate of the other eight hostages will be determined later . They also warned the government not to intervene , “ otherwise peace talks would be seriously undermined . ”
The Pakistani government claimed the Taliban have withdrawn from Jandola and a peace committee has been formed to address the recent fighting .
Jandola is a strategic town in the area that sits at the gateway to South Waziristan . The Pakistani military claimed to have cleared the Taliban from the town during heavy fighting in late January . About 4,000 Pakistani troops are based near Jandola , but did not interfere during the Taliban attacks on their erstwhile allies .
The government launched operations against Baitullah Mehsud in January after their force overran a series of military outposts and forts in South Waziristan and attacks government forces and institutions in neighboring settled districts of Tank and Dera Ismail Khan . The fighting ended after a cease-fire agreement was signed between the military and the Taliban .
Peshawar under threat
As the Taliban march in South Waziristan , Peshawar is under siege . The spread of Taliban influence was seen last weekend , when a Taliban force kidnapped 25 Christians from a home in the heart of Peshawar . Several of the kidnapped Christians were later reported released , but the fate of those still in captivity is still unknown .
Peshawar has seen an uptick in activity over the past month . Five police officers have been killed since June 9 , four of them in an ambush and another in an improvised explosive device attack . Five civilians were killed in an IED attack on June 14 . On June 3 , the Taliban issued a warning for theater owners to shut down . On June 9 , an Internet cafe was bombed . The city has been described as “ a city of walls and barriers ” as security forces block roads to prevent attacks .
Government officials have openly stated that the city is under threat of a Taliban takeover . The Interior Secretary for the Northwest Frontier Province said the Taliban are moving on Peshawar . Peshawar 's police chief said the Taliban will soon be in control of the entire district if steps are not taken to halt the advance .
Perhaps the most damning indictment on the Taliban 's presence in the provincial capital comes from Peshawar 's business leaders . An estimated 90 percent of the materials used to supply Peshawar 's industry have not been shipped due to the security situation , and investors are “ worried about the prevailing situation , ” according to a report in the Daily Times . “ Businessmen have warned of shifting their enterprises to other provinces if the government did not take steps to control the law and order situation , ” the paper reported .
Government leaders have said they will not allow a Taliban takeover of Peshawar , which contains a US Consulate and serves as the headquarters of Pakistan 's 11th Corps . Peshawar is also a waypoint for NATO supplies into Afghanistan . But the government also said it would press forward with negotiations in the region despite the Taliban advance .
This year , the government signed peace deals in Swat , Bajaur , Malakand , and Mohmand . Negotiations are under way in Kohat and Mardan . The Taliban have violated the terms of these agreements in every region where accords have been inked .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation . Thanks for reading ! You can make a tax-deductible donation here .
Wait Chelsea , you mean it 's not diet and heredity that causes diabetes ? It 's the WEATHER ? !
GET OUTTA HERE !
Now we have ANOTHER reason to hate the snow .
Oh wait , global warming … hrm . Is that the same thing as climate change ? This is so confusing .
Horrifying research shows correlation between global warming & rise in diabetes cases : https : //t.co/DYp6Sru91c — Chelsea Clinton ( @ ChelseaClinton ) March 22 , 2017
Horrifying research ; one degree Celsius increase could cause a bunch of people to get diabetes .
Right .
It could … but then again climate change could ALSO cause an increase in the number of monkeys flying out of your butt .
This joke from @ ChelseaClinton requires no punchline.https : //t.co/ss1Uluxfnk — Ken Webster Jr ( @ ProducerKen ) March 22 , 2017
Thank goodness because we are running out of ways to make fun of them crazy .
Just kidding .
RIGHT ? This editor has a sore knee , freakin ' rain !
Besides correlation , sample size , variables , and other factors , @ ChelseaClinton is sciencing the hell out of this . https : //t.co/mtIYCtyd5P — Huxley 's Ghost™ ( @ AF632 ) March 23 , 2017
Dude , it 's research and stuff . C'mon . Science ?
@ ChelseaClinton and a bad case of hot air . ? — Kris Williams ( @ KrisWilliams ) March 23 , 2017
As a Clinton , Chelsea knows all about hot air .
. @ ChelseaClinton The Beetus ? Oh , shit ! I 've been burning tractor tires , too . Oh , Lawse… .. — Walter ShitGibbon ( @ MetricButtload ) March 23 , 2017
DUDE ! Waaaaaay to go …
Heh .
@ ChelseaClinton `` could '' as in let 's see if diabetes scares people enough to turn into hut dwelling neanderthals . — Professor Fate ( @ SpacePirate_JFT ) March 22 , 2017
Exactly . “ It COULD ” is the best way for people like Chelsea Clinton to scare others into following along , like good little sheep .
Like good little Democrats .
There is another tremendous and most excited match will be played between Pakistan vs New Zealand . This T20 match will be played on 22 March 2016 at Mohali , India and the viewers will wait for this most aggressive and fast game between New Zealand vs Pakistan of ICC Twenty20 world cup 2016 . This match will take the dramatic turn at different positions , as the aggressive players of Pakistan v New Zealand will play quickly and they can make fast runs during their innings . The spectators will enjoy the most exciting moments of the match between New Zealand vs Pakistan of ICC T20 world cup 2016 and they will watch the live streaming of the match on their TV sets . The viewers will watch the date and time of the match and they will follow the time table of the match to get the enjoyment of this match .
Good morning , Broncos Country .
It has been an eventful start to the week for the Denver Broncos , who named third-year pro Trevor Siemian their starting quarterback for the 2017 season . Barring injury , Head Coach Vance Joseph went on to declare that the move is a permanent decision .
So folks , if you are n't on the Siemian bandwagon , you might want to get on it , because few scenarios exist where second-year quarterback Paxton Lynch will be seeing any significant time on the gridiron . That is unless you feel that Siemian does n't deserve to leave the team and is a fringe NFL starter with limited upside .
Fans concerned with Siemian 's upside and potential certainly are n't alone . Well-respected ESPN Senior Writer Mike Sando recently released their annual NFL QB Tier Rankings for the 2017 season , which has Siemian ranked as a Tier 4 quarterback , and the twenty-sixth rated quarterback overall in the league . Sando defines a Tier 4 quarterback as such :
“ A Tier 4 quarterback could be an unproven player with some upside , or a veteran that is ultimately best suited as a backup . Teams might not want these guys starting all 16 games . ”
Sando 's rankings are in-depth and include quotes from coaches and various NFL personnel staff from across the league . Some of those people praised Siemian for the work they did in their second season , while some where not so friendly in their assessment of them as a player . Let 's begin with a positive quote from Sando 's rankings in respect to Siemian .
`` I see them having really good upside , '' an offensive coordinator said . `` I go back to their first game of the year , against Carolina . The first or second play , somebody comes clean off the left edge and they are throwing a little wide receiver screen . For them to shape the ball around that guy and understand that they could n't throw it over the top , I was like , 'Whoa , that is a big-time play for a guy that is just starting out . ' ''
While that statement should please some of Siemian 's biggest fans , an unidentified team 's quarterback coach believes Trevor lacks defining traits that would allow them to become a quality starter . They succinctly summed up their thoughts with one quote .
`` I would love to play them every week , '' this coach said .
Regardless of what the analysts say , Siemian is ready to move on after winning the quarterback battle and is focused on doing whatever it takes to lead the offense to greater heights in 2017 . Conventional wisdom would state that few players with Siemian 's background will succeed in the NFL , but to date , Trevor has proved everyone wrong and has cemented their status as the team 's starter for two consecutive seasons .
As a betting man , I would n't dare bet against Trevor this season . With a revamped offensive system that focuses on getting the ball out early , an upgraded offensive line and a myriad of additions at various skill positions — Siemian should be poised to have a good season for the team if they stay healthy and keeps grinding , just like they have since they were a seventh-round pick three seasons ago .
As always , thank you for reading and here is today 's offering of Horse Tracks .
Horse Tracks
Busting 7 Myths About Trevor Siemian & Paxton Lynch
There are many misconceptions about the viability of the Broncos offense under Trevor Siemian . Doc Bear returns to myth-bust the common refrains uttered on social media .
Is Jamaal Charles On The Denver Broncos Roster Bubble ?
Jamaal Charles is about to receive their big chance to prove themselves to the Broncos . But after missing so much time , is they up to the challenge ?
Denver Broncos ' Emmanuel Sanders in Douglas County traffic collision
Denver Broncos wide receiver Emmanuel Sanders got into a traffic accident Tuesday morning and was cited , along with another driver , for careless driving .
Former NFL defensive end Quanterus Smith arrested for armed robbery – ProFootballTalk
Quanterus Smith , a defensive end that appeared in 15 games for the Denver Broncos in 2014 , was arrested earlier this month after a high-speed chase following an armed robbery of an AT & T Store .
Oakland Raiders ' Jihad Ward looking to prove 'haters ' wrong
Raiders DT Jihad Ward had some choice words on Twitter for their `` haters '' and is ready to channel that angst on the field now that he 's getting healthy .
Kansas City Chiefs begin to shift focus toward regular season
The Chiefs have a little more than two weeks until they begin play for real against the Patriots and that reality is reflected by changes at practice .
Should Detroit Lions make Matthew Stafford a $ 25 million per season quarterback ?
Stafford is the next quarterback in line to get a mega contract extension , worth $ 25 million a year . But is they really worth it ? Joe Flacco is a cautionary tale in what could go wrong .
Larry Fitzgerald says ex-teammate Anquan Boldin belongs in the Hall
Larry Fitzgerald thinks Anquan Boldin is bound for Canton .
Eric Winston , NFLPA president , says they do n't care if NFL 'dies out in 20 years ' because of work stoppage
Eric Winston echoed DeMaurice Smith 's recent comments about a potential 2021 work stoppage in the NFL but also suggested that players should not care `` if this thing dies out in 20 years . ''
Nick Cannon , espouser of paternalistic abortion theories . John Macdougall/AFP/Getty Images
For the second time this month , self-described “ GREAT THINKER ” Nick Cannon has aimed their considerable critical THINKING skills at Planned Parenthood 's raison d'être . The reproductive health care services Planned Parenthood provides constitute “ real genocide , ” Cannon said on a New York morning radio show on Nov. 17 . “ It 's been like that for years. ” When a Splash News reporter asked them to elaborate on Friday , they accused the organization of propagating “ modern-day eugenics ” and “ population control . ”
Later , on Twitter , they expanded their argument to include McDonald 's , Hennessy , private prisons , and public schools in the alleged eugenics scheme .
Same issue I have with Planned Parenthood I have with corps like McDonald 's , Hennessy , Privatised Prisons , public education etc . # Eugenics — Nick Cannon ( @ NickCannon ) November 26 , 2016
Cannon 's comments echo a bit of racist messaging that has animated anti-choice activism for decades . Opponents of abortion rights like to raise Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger 's belief in eugenics theories as evidence of some nefarious plan the organization has hatched to halt the breeding of people of color and those living in poverty . Politicians such as Ben Carson have falsely claimed that Planned Parenthood puts most of its clinics in black neighborhoods in order to pressure women into terminating their pregnancies . Anti-abortion activist groups have targeted communities of color with billboards likening abortion to slavery and calling a black woman 's uterus “ the most dangerous place for an African American . ”
Eugenics was long ago debunked and exposed as racist hogwash , but in Sanger 's time , it was a popular , scientist-endorsed doctrine that counted many prominent progressive activists as believers . In other words , Sanger 's misguided beliefs were a disgraceful product of their time , not the main driver of their push for reproductive freedoms . ( She also exploited their era 's prevailing anti-Catholic sentiment to cast the church 's opposition to birth control as authoritarian bunk . ) There 's no evidence that Sanger coerced women into contraception or abortion ; however , they collaborated with W.E.B . DuBois on a program to get birth control to black women who desired more control over their reproductive health .
The line of reasoning Cannon is parroting does n't address actual documented instances of reproductive coercion , such as the history of forced sterilization of women of color . Instead , it promotes an image of black women as incapable of making informed decisions about their own bodies and lives , perpetuating genocide in their own families . It suggests that the best role a woman can play is that of a mother , and choosing a different path makes them a traitor to their community . That narrative has informed anti-abortion activists ' current attempt to hijack the rhetoric of the Black Lives Matter movement to blame black women , not racist and militarized police forces , for the real epidemic of killings in the U.S .
If Cannon and their ilk truly cared about reproductive justice and bodily autonomy for women of color , they might push for better sex education , affordable contraception , and policies that support working parents . Instead , they demonize health care providers , casting patients as pawns instead of people .
Israeli human rights organisation B'Tselem yesterday described an Israeli decision to close the investigation into the killing of a Palestinian boy by an Israeli soldier last year an “ integral part of the whitewash mechanism which is Israel 's military investigative system . ”
On 3 July 2015 , Israeli Colonel Yisrael Shomer shot 17-year-old Palestinian Mohamed Ali Kosba three times , including once in the head .
The shooting took place after the boy threw a stone at Shomer 's vehicle in the middle of the Palestinian city of Al-Ram , near Jerusalem .
Israeli human rights group B'Tselem , which unearthed video documentation of the incident , stated that this decision is an “ integral part of the whitewash mechanism which is Israel 's military investigative system , ” a statement published on its website said .
B'Tselem voiced its criticism after the Israeli Military Advocate General ( MAG ) announced their decision to close the investigation against Shomer .
“ The MAG 's assertion that the firing was legal , since the officer claimed that they aimed at the youth 's legs but missed , clearly indicates the investigative system 's willingness to ignore the law and open-fire regulations , all in the interest of providing impunity to members of the security forces who unlawfully killed Palestinians , ” B'Tselem said .
Immediately after the shooting , B'Tselem published a video showing the incident and criticised the Israeli positon on it .
“ B'Tselem 's research and security camera video footage revealed that the Binyamin Brigade Commander shot and killed Muhammad ‘ Ali-Kosba , 17 , while the youth fled after throwing a stone , on the morning of Friday 3 July 2015 , in the West Bank town of Al-Ram north of Jerusalem .
“ The unlawful killing was immediately condoned by military commanders and government ministers . These statements of support compounded the gravity of the event , as top military and civilian officials conveyed an unlawful message to soldiers on the ground : shooting a Palestinian stone thrower is acceptable , even desirable , even if the person is fleeing and no longer poses a threat . ”
The rights group added : “ Such statements by top public figures empty the official restrictions on the use of force , and particularly on live fire , of real meaning . They render the open-fire regulations that supposedly govern the use of lethal force in the West Bank utterly superfluous . ”
“ B'Tselem stated that the automatic public support provided to the shooter , and reassurance that no fault was to be found with their actions voided from the outset the possibility of justice in this case . ”
Also read :
Israeli airstrike kills Palestinian child in Gaza .
Palestinian baby burned to death in West Bank attack .
Shoot and lie : Israeli forces are killing civilians with impunity .
This Wednesday on The CW 's Arrow , we not only learned of Felicity 's post-gunshot fate , we also were able to rule out one possibility for the Mystery Grave . The latest flash-forward , however , dropped a whole other bombshell on us .
Because although it has now been revealed that Felicity is very much alive four months down the road , it appears their engagement to Oliver may be pushing up daisies , judging by their bare ring finger .
Here , executive producer Wendy Mericle fields some of our burning questions about limousine tension , the cursed “ him ” and more midseason premiere topics .
TVLINE | As hinted , we got a new flash-forward . Now , I know you did n't know at the beginning of the season , but do you know now who 's in the grave ?
I would say that we have a pretty good idea , but that episode is not written yet . We always leave things open to change , but yeah . I think we have a pretty good idea .
TVLINE | Can you at least confirm that the “ him ” that everybody keeps referring to with gritted teeth in the flash-forwards is Damien Darhk ? Or is that another of the mysteries ?
No . I ca n't confirm that , actually . That 's another mystery I 'm going to leave to be unfolded at a later date .
TVLINE | Did I sense some tension in the limo there , between Oliver and Felicity ? Are things maybe not going well for them four months down the road ?
I definitely think there is some tension and we 're actually very intrigued to see if fans pick up on a very big clue about where they are at that point in their relationship . It 's in the scene , and it 's a visual clue . [ Spoiler alert : Someone 's ring finger is bare ! ]
TVLINE | Are you going to revisit the William/Sandra storyline any time soon ?
I can not tell you anything about that .
TVLINE | What was Emily Bett Rickards ' reaction to the paralysis storyline when they learned about it ?
They were intrigued , and they were totally game . They were excited because it 's a new challenge , obviously , to be dealing with this kind of permanent disability . I think most actors get excited about any sort of real “ left turn ” like that , and they were no exception .
TVLINE | It has to be a bit scary for an actor , though . Because for one , you want to do it justice . You want to properly depict the experience . But also , on such an action-heavy show , you almost hate for that agility to be taken from your character .
It 's true , and we 've had discussions about that , obviously , just to talk about it and see where the character is going . We definitely do want to do it justice and we do want to be very sensitive to the reality of people in that situation .
TVLINE | Was Anarky introduced at the start of the season for the purpose of later serving this week 's story point — rooting out Darhk and setting Oliver up to save their enemy 's family — or did it just wonderfully work out that way ?
We always had the intention , actually , of having Anarky be somebody that could come back in and out of our storylines . Not when we needed them to , but hopefully in a way that was organic and would most mess up our characters ' plans , and that 's really what happens in 410 . They started out as one kind of villain and he 's gotten darker and more twisted in the aftermath of the events of 402 , and now they are literally anarchy , whereas Damien and Oliver provide a counterbalance to each other in the traditional kind of good/evil paradigm . Anarky 's a wildcard that can come in and upend both of their plans with absolutely no remorse and no mercy , and we love that .
TVLINE | You did n't have to have Anarky go after Damien 's family . You did n't have to have Oliver save Damien 's family . What did you gain by having Oliver “ earn ” this few-week respite ?
What we really wanted to do this season was follow a supervillain , Damien Darhk , from the beginning of the season and get more deeply into not just their psyche but what their life is day to day — and I think what we really like about having their family there is that it complicates things in a big way for Oliver . I mean , he 's bent on revenge based on what happened to their own family in [ the fall finale ] , and yet , there they are saving Damien 's family . It creates a very interesting moral dilemma for him . They actually stayed on the ethical side , but it raises significant questions . To see Oliver actually make the decision not to go whole hog and take out everybody… we consider that growth for this character .
TVLINE | I kind of liked how , even though one might see Damien giving Oliver this “ vacation from peril ” as a tiny chink in their armor , their wife then shows up to make clear , no , this is in fact a ruthless power couple .
Exactly — and she 's the one who would n't have shown them mercy had they had them way .
TVLINE | Apparently not !
She 's like , “ No . You should have killed him . What were you doing out there ? ! ”
TVLINE | So , how is Oliver going to use their “ few weeks ” off ?
He 's going to have some Villains of the Week to deal with going forward , and he 's also going to be focused on helping Felicity . I mean , that relationship is key to him , it is key to their character this season , so he 's going to be there for them They learned their lesson after 410 .
TVLINE | Laurel , obviously , is not as “ The end justifies the means ” as Oliver is , as we saw in this episode . Will they continue to butt heads on this topic ?
I think so . I mean , they have really come into their own as Black Canary , and we really like that they and Oliver are on a completely new footing this season . She 's become a superhero in their own right on the team , someone with an equal voice and someone with power — and Oliver respects them They have the ability , just like Dig had in previous seasons , to really put the brakes on things and make them think about their decisions . We really love that dynamic .
TVLINE | What plans do you have for Laurel moving forward ?
Oh , we have some big plans for them She 's going to be key to taking on Darhk in a very kind of new and surprising way . We 're going to see them in a role we have n't seen them in in a while and it 's really going to put a big crimp in Damien 's plans !
Want more scoop on Arrow , or for any other show ? Email insideline @ tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt 's Inside Line .
As far as renewable energy goes , hydropower is old news . Really old news . ( In fact , the first known use of the water wheel , for milling grain , goes all the way back to the ancient Greeks in the 3rd and 1st century A.D. ) Recently however , new innovations in small , scalable hydrokinetic devices have opened up new applications for hydropower , beyond dams and run-of-river generating facilities .
Hydrovolts is a Seattle-based start-up with a patented floating water turbine called the Flipwing . Recently , the company received an initial investment of $ 250,000 from DLZ Corp. , a U.S.-based civil engineering firm that has obtained permits and a power purchase agreement to develop a 10 MW hydrokinetic power project on the 14-km Chilla Canal in northern India . This initial investment will fund the manufacture of a prototype 25 kW hydrokinetic turbine to be tested by DLZ . Under a non-binding letter of intent between the parties , if this demonstration period should prove successful , DLZ could potentially order an additional 400 turbines , putting around $ 20 million in Hydrovolts ' pocket .
The Hydrovolts Flipwing floating turbine works like a submerged paddlewheel . The device is tethered and/or anchored , and electricity generated by the turbine is sent to shore by a power cable linked to the tether . No significant site preparation is needed and , according to Hydrovolts , the device is also fish-friendly , as its paddlewheel blades actually turn slower than the water current , allowing fish to swim around or through it . Because this turbine generates electricity from water currents as slow as 1 m/sec ( 2 knots ) , Hydrovolts believes there is a “ nearly limitless domestic and international market ” for the device .
In order to get a feel for what the new deal with DLZ Corp. could mean for this up and coming Seattle cleantech company , we interviewed Burt Hammer , CEO of Hydrovolts .
EarthTechling ( ET ) : Hydrovolts has recently received investment funds to construct a 25 kW version of the Flipwing turbine for the DLZ Corp. , which plans to develop hydrokinetic power in the Chilla Canal of India . Why did DLZ turn to you ?
Burt Hammer ( BH ) : At the same time that Hydrovolts was successfully demonstrating our prototype Flipwing turbine in a canal in the Yakima River Valley in July , DLZ was shopping the world for a turbine supplier to meet the needs of their Chilla Canal hydropower project . Fortunately , DLZ became aware of our prototype success and contacted us to learn more . We invited them to Seattle to meet the Hydrovolts team , spin the turbine , do a bit of salmon fishing , and ultimately decide the partnership is a good fit .
Horrors of war harden group alliances
The study , which included participants from Sierra Leone , helps to explain why armed conflicts can lead to nation-building or more violence . Photo : USAID
War is hell , and according to new research , experiencing its horrors can cause people to have a greater affinity for members of their own group , particularly if they are exposed to warfare in early adulthood or later in childhood .
“ These effects have the potential to explain why conflict sometimes leads to cycles of war and sometimes stimulates nation-building in its wake , ” says study co-author Joseph Henrich of the University of British Columbia . The research appears in the journal Psychological Science .
Researchers conducted the study in the war-torn nations of Georgia and Sierra Leone . They had participants play games in which they had to choose how to allocate tokens to themselves and an anonymous partner . In some cases , the anonymous partner was from the same village or school . In other cases , the partner was from a distant village or different school .
Those who had experienced war were more willing to sacrifice to reduce inequality if their partner was from the same village or school .
No such effects were present in participants younger than six or older than 20 when they experienced war . “ These findings suggest that if war is experienced during a sensitive window in development between middle childhood and early adulthood , then it leaves an enduring mark , ” says co-author Michal Bauer of Charles University , Czech Republic .
The research may help to explain why war can lead to nation building or a perpetual cycle of war . “ When people identify with an in-group that coincides with the state or nation , then nation-building can be enhanced , ” says Henrich , a professor in UBC 's Depts . of Psychology and Economics . “ For people who identify with a subnational identity , such as an ethnic group , war can sow the seeds of future conflicts . ”
BACKGROUND
The researchers collected data from 543 children in the Republic of Georgia following the brief but devastating war between Russia and Georgia over South Ossetia . They also collected data from 586 adults in Sierra Leone following an 11-year civil war that ended in 2002 , which led to the displacement of much of the population and the deaths of over 50,000 civilians .
Based on evolutionary theory , the researchers hypothesized that experiences with intergroup conflicts should lead individuals to become more focused on their own group 's wellbeing , since individual survival is often linked to the fate of the group . Recruiting participants who had actually experienced war allowed the researchers to study human nature in the context of real-world conflicts .
“ Our research shows that exposure to war affects human psychology in specific ways , ” says Bauer . “ These ‘ war effects ' emerge in the short-term and , importantly , they have long-term impact on psychology if war is experienced during middle childhood and adolescence . ”
In addition to Henrich and Bauer , co-authors include Alessandra Cassar of the University of San Francisco and Julie Chytilová of Charles University . Henrich is UBC 's Canada Research Chair in Culture , Cognition and Evolution .
For a copy of the article “ War 's Enduring Effects on the Development of Egalitarian Motivations and In-Group Biases , ” please contact Lucy Hyde at 202-293-9300 or lhyde @ psychologicalscience.org . The research was supported by the Canadian Institute for Advanced Research and the Czech Science Foundation .
Do n't blame the slacktivists .
Jeff Swift Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 10 , 2014
Slacktivism is n't a problem of lazy activists . It 's a problem of leadership
One common criticism of digital activism is that it 's an escape valve : people get to feel like they 're making a difference when they 're actually doing nothing . Back in the old days , the critique goes , people voted and petitioned government and marched in the streets . Now , we retweet and like and think we 've done our duty .
This understanding causes a significant amount of frustration to movement builders . And the numbers do n't look good—250,000 likes on an issues campaign 's Facebook page might translate into $ 2,000 in donations .
“ Those lazy slactivists ! ! ”
However , this is an incredibly narrow view of digital activism . Let 's look at this phenomenon a bit differently :
“ You mean to tell me that you had 250,000 people raise their hands ( or , in this case , their thumbs ) and tell you they care about this issue , and you were only able to raise $ 2,000 ? ”
Slacktivism is n't a problem of lazy activists . It 's not an issue of people not caring . Slacktivism is a problem of leadership . Tens of thousands of people are expressing interest and support in a wide variety of causes , and movement leaders are just now beginning to figure out how to turn all this support into meaningful action .
Email lists and Facebook pages need to be pieces in a larger organizing strategy if they are going to do much more than encourage slacktivism . The best activist tools are providing leaders the opportunity to turn slacktivist support into meaningful relationships : recruit online volunteers , generate in-person meetings , solicit and crowdfund donations , create engaging content , and connect in all kinds of other creative ways .
Of course , there will always be supporters who do n't meaningfully engage . These folks have always existed . The challenge now is for movement leaders to make use of available tools and recognize slacktivism for what it really is .
Tibetan monk Jampal Gyatso holds a photo of the Dalai Lama during a solo protest in Ngaba town , Sichuan province , Sept. 9 , 2015 .
Chinese police in Sichuan province 's Ngaba county detained a young Tibetan monk on Wednesday after they called out in public for Tibetan freedom in the third such protest in the area in the last three weeks , sources said .
Jampal Gyatso , a 21-year-old monk from Kirti monastery , walked through the main street in Ngaba ( in Chinese , Aba ) town by themselves around noon while holding a photo of the Dalai Lama , Tibet 's exiled spiritual leader , above their head in protest against Chinese rule in the region , said Kanyak Tsering , a monk at the Dharamsala , India-based exile branch of Tibet 's Kirti monastery .
Soon after Gyatso started calling for freedom for Tibet , local police detained them and took them away , Tsering and other Tibetan sources told RFA 's Tibetan Service .
Since then , no information about their detention has been released , Tsering said .
“ At that time , several Tibetans who witnessed the scene shouted in support of the protestor , ” a Tibetan source from Tibet said .
Gyatso called for freedom for Tibet and a long life for the Dalai Lama , another Tibetan source from Tibet said .
“ He shouted against Chinese policy in Tibetan areas [ while ] walking through the streets , ” they said .
After Gyatso 's detention , Chinese police searched their room in the monastery , they added .
Gyatso and their family — father Suya , mother Tare Kyi , a brother and a sister — are from Meruma village group number 3 , Tsering said .
On Tuesday , Chinese police in Ngaba county detained Lobsang Kelsang , another young monk who launched a solo protest on a central street in Ngaba town , calling for freedom for Tibet .
Kelsang 's solo protest followed a similar protest by a young Tibetan woman , Dorje Dolma , who called out for Tibetan freedom on a street in Ngaba on Aug. 20 .
Sporadic demonstrations challenging Chinese rule have continued in Tibetan-populated areas of China since widespread protests swept the region in 2008 , with 143 Tibetans to date setting themselves on fire to oppose Beijing 's rule and call for the Dalai Lama 's return .
Reported by Lhuboom , Lobsang Yeshi and Kanyak Tsering for RFA 's Tibetan Service . Translated by Karma Dorjee . Written in English by Roseanne Gerin .
If you 're new to the site , do n't forget to check out the Classic Posts page .
Our continuing walk through Summa Contra Gentiles is postponed until next week . Feel free to pass this around , but only in its entirety and with a link back to the original .
All my efforts to educate reporters were in vain . It turns out they 'd rather remain wallowing in their muck than learn about the subjects on which they write . The worst examples are Justin Gillis and associate at the far left New York Times .
So I failed . I was a fool to try . I let myself forget that I was dealing with a class of people where the gap between actual and perceived ability is not only wide , but is a gaping chasm . To expect mainstream science reporters to understand science is like asking an environmentalist to be reasonable . I should have remembered most journalists suffer from reporteritis , the degrading ailment whereby because reporters cover important people and events they come believe they are important , too . Sadly , there is no known cure .
Here 's the story . Lord Christopher Monckton , Willie Soon , David Legates , and I wrote a paper called “ Why models hot ” which offers an explanation on why climate models are so awful . Which they are : awful . We received no money for the work , nor was any offered . We did the work entirely on our own time . Unlike journalists who have to conform to their employers ' ideological and political convictions and scientists who accept government grants in hopes of receiving more in the future , we were beholden to no one .
Listen : there has to be some reason for the repeated dismal embarrassing failure of climate models to conform to reality . We might be wrong about why they stink , but then again we might be right . Would n't it be marvelous if we are ? No more having to fret and whine and worry about the sky falling ! Something to celebrate , no ?
No . Not if your existence depends on selling doom and scaring the wits out of the gullible . The cult-like Greenpeace and other True Believers understood that our paper cast serious doubt on the silly hypothesis that human-made global warming will soon kill us all—unless government expands by leaps and bounds . They freaked .
Greenpeace and like-minded zealots knew that there was no answer to “ Why models run hot ” except to admit climate models were a failure ( but see this attempt at an answer by a real scientist ) . So they did what came naturally to the morally decrepit : they tried to change the subject . And the best way to do that , they thought , was to discredit the authors of the paper . That this kind of unethical ignoble oafish behavior has no place in science is nothing . Rank degeneracy comes naturally to activists and their puppy journalistic followers .
Now Lord Monckton has no regular position , and neither do I ( not that I do n't want one ) . So True Believers had no traction with us ( though I was hacked ) . Legates and Soon have jobs . The coward Greg Laden touted a petition to have Soon fired . The troubled David Appell tried FOIA-ing Legate 's employers , but it turned out that because none of us received any money for our work , there was nothing to see , and Legates 's employers turned them down .
But Soon 's employers were more generous and shared with Greenpeace Soon 's correspondence . But poor Greenpeace came away disappointed . We claimed we got no money—no nothing—from nobody . We claimed it because it was true . I tried telling reporters this until my fingers were sore ( here and here ) , but none of them ever seemed to hear it . It 's as if they did n't want to .
Well , Soon , like most other scientists in research positions , has at times accepted grants from sources other than our most beneficent Government . Greenpeace , for instance , often hands these kinds of things out ( ask reporters why any scientist receiving Greenpeace money does n't forever after admit a conflict of interest ) . Since Greenpeace could n't discover what was n't there , they sent their ill-gotten goods to some folks in the press with no honor hoping merely by making an accusation they could cause a stink . A sort of variant of the “ Hey Gillis , are you still sleeping with goats ? ” trick .
Any honest man would have thrown the emails back in Greenpeace 's face , as it were . But we 're dealing with mainstream reporters , not men . Somehow they convinced themselves that they were involved in a higher calling , that to cast wrongful aspersions on an innocent man was okay as long as it was for a good cause . Besides , they were only doing their job . There were “ allegations ” . They were just following orders .
Soon is an honest man and my friend . Not only has they done nothing wrong , they have done everything right . Like what , for instance ?
Like co-authoring the paper “ Why models run hot. ” Were you aware , dear reader , that climate models have been promising gold but have been delivering low-grade manure for decades ? Repeated extended horrifying terrible shockingly awful predictions have been passed off as sound immaculate don't-you-dare-doubt-it SCIENCE for years and years and years and even more years despite their awful stench . How did this happen ?
One theory is that the human race is insane . Another is that politicians , reporters , activists , and scientists anxious to improve their circumstance glommed on to what they saw as a good thing merely to enhance their own personal status , riches , and power . This is why actual performance does n't matter . This is why actual science is meaningless . This is a left-wing propaganda sheet sent a walking sausage to disparage a good man .
Nobody wants to see the end of the gravy train . Reality can not be borne , not where there are offices to be secured , awards to be won , grants to be had . Those in power will do anything to hold off the inevitable .
Friends , do n't buy into their nonsense . Refuse to discuss their preposterous “ allegations ” —such a serious word ! If you do , you grant victory to these malevolent beasts . Their intent was to distract and to have you talk about anything except the truth that climate models can not be trusted . Do n't fall for it !
Let 's only talk about real science . Not one word about “ conflicts of interest ” except to ask journalists how they dare report on subjects in which they are so manifestly ignorant .
Use this anemic yet opprobrious goon squad attack to good purpose . Every time some citizen says , “ Did n't that scientist fill out a form incorrectly ? ” remind them that it did n't matter if that scientist was as dishonest and reprehensible as Al Gore himself , what counts are whether their charge that climate models have been over-promising more insistently than a used car salesperson who has fallen behind in their gambling debts is true or not . And it 's true .
Remind everybody that true theories make good forecasts and that false theories make bad ones . And since climate models make bad forecasts , they must be based on false theories .
Update On Twitter I put the question to Gillis whether they had received money from Greenpeace or other like entity . I followed up here and by email ( below ) , but Gillis never answered , though they bravely blocked me on Twitter .
Gillis 's refusal to answer may raise suspicions in some minds .
Here is my email to Gillis :
Gillis , I 'm following up on this story . Have you ever received consideration of any kind ( money , food , tickets , anything ) from Greenpeace or any like organization concerned primarily with the environment ? Same question but about contacts with progressive or “ left wing ” groups ? Have you ever met with any individuals with ties to any environmental organization ? Were all of these meetings in conjunction with your job , or were any on personal time ? I 've tried reaching you by email and Twitter but have yet received no response . My deadline is 8 am Sunday . I 'd appreciate an answer by then . Briggs
Update Turns out that several progressive sheets all released the nonsense about Soon at the same time . Is n't that a curious coincidence . Almost like these “ news ” organizations were more interested in advocacy than in reporting .
Update Say , maybe I was wrong and those who deny real science are more articulate and thoughtful than I at first supposed . Consider this email ( which I edited only with asterisks ) :
From : Nick Meixler
Subject : your awful
Date : Feb 22 , 2015 2:51 PM
Dear A * * hole ,
You are exactly what is wrong in science today . No wonder you deny climate change after being subsidized by the Koch brothers . Go f * * k yourself a * * hole . You are a shame to scientists everywhere and an idiot too . Who would have thought there would be an idiot astrophysicist , but you have proven it .
Go f * * k yourself ,
Nick
Nick , “ your awful ” .
Update I was on Breitbart radio Sunday night . Here 's a summary .
The 'Morning Joe ' co-host said he 's done with the Republican Party and is registering as an Independent .
It 's no secret that Morning Joe co-host Joe Scarborough , who served as a Republican member of Congress from 1995 to 2001 , has soured on the Republican Party . But , during a Tuesday night appearance on CBS ' The Late Show With Stephen Colbert , Scarborough took it one step further and announced that he 's formally leaving the Party and becoming an Independent .
Scarborough and their co-host , Mika Brzezinski , were initially supportive of then-presidential candidate Donald Trump , but ultimately have become more critical of them in recent months . Their feud reached a boiling point on the morning of June 29 , when Trump tweeted an extremely personal attack on Brzezinski that shocked the media and political worlds .
When asked by Colbert to address the state of the Republican Party , Scarborough said it 's `` inexplicable , '' and that the GOP `` betrayed their core values '' even before Trump was elected in November .
`` Back in the December of 2015 when Donald Trump supported a Muslim ban , I said on the air , it 's very simple , it 's black and white . I said I can never vote for anybody in my party that would say they would ban people because of the God they worshipped , '' they continued .
In a clip of the interview that aired Tuesday night , Scarborough chided Republicans for not calling out Trump during the campaign when they made a pitch for the ban and refused to completely disavow David Duke , a former member of the Ku Klux Klan .
`` Time and time and time again , they turned the other way , '' Scarborough said of Republicans . `` And they 're doing the same thing now . And it 's actually disgusting . And you have to ask yourself , what exactly is the Republican party willing to do ? How far are they willing to go ? How much of this country and our values are they willing to sell out ? ''
Scarborough , asked by Colbert if he 's a Republican , confirmed that they are , but added , `` I 'm not going to be a Republican anymore . I 've got to become an independent . ''
During Tuesday 's episode , Scarborough helped to induct their co-host into the `` Trump Attacked Me on Twitter '' Hall of Fame and they returned the favor . The co-hosts also spoke with Colbert about Donald Trump Jr. 's emails .
Share . High-def Zombie Slaughter High-def Zombie Slaughter
Unsurprisingly , Dead Rising 3 : Apocalypse Edition on PC is a lot like when I reviewed Dead Rising 3 on Xbox One nine months ago , so be sure to check out that review for an in-depth look at how everything works . The short version is that smashing huge hordes of zombies into goo with ridiculous home-made weapons - such as a sledge hammer with a cement saw tied to it or a toy robot bear with a light machine gun - or driving through them with a flame-throwing steamroller/motorcycle hybrid is , as ever , absolutely madness . It 's even better when you bring in a friend in co-op , and the two of you compete to see who can wear the most idiotic outfit .
Exit Theatre Mode
Watch the original Dead Rising 3 review here .
All of that is the same in the new PC version , which includes the four Untold Stories of Los Perdidos DLC episodes but not the goofier Super Ultra Dead Rising 3 Arcade Remix Hyper Edition EX Plus Alpha . The biggest difference is that it 's noticeably better looking , thanks to the ability to run at full 1920x1080 resolution and , if you make a simple tweak to an .ini file in the Dead Rising 3 directory , can run with an uncapped frame rate . ( Create a text file and rename it to “ user.ini ” , then paste in : “ gmpcr_unlock_frame_rate = True ” with no quotes . Place it in the same folder as deadrising3.exe before running the game . ) It 's strange that there 's no menu option to remove the default 30fps cap , though , and you probably should n't expect to get a full , steady 60fps unless you 're running at medium settings - even my Core i5-4670K and GeForce GTX 780 were n't capable of sustaining it with maxed-out settings when in the midst of a horde . I also noticed a bit of pop-in on certain objects , which carries over from the Xbox One version . Dead Rising 3 will never be the prettiest of games , but it 's a damn fun one .
I played mostly on mouse and keyboard , though an Xbox 360 gamepad is naturally supported . Controls are definitely usable - I did a little remapping from defaults - but there 's some weirdness . Restrictions on how far you can move the camera to look up and a complete disconnect between which way the camera 's facing and which way you 're moving both caused some slight frustration - nothing I could n't get used to , though .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ofwat 's Regina Finn explains the reasons behind the rise
Average water and sewerage bills in England and Wales will rise by 5.7 % from April to about £376 per household .
The average figure disguises variations between water and sewerage firms , with customers at Southern seeing an 8.2 % rise and those at Dwr Cymru 3.8 % .
In 2009 the industry regulator , Ofwat , announced a five-year plan of annual rises from 2010 to 2015 to help fund £22bn of investments .
Ofwat said it understood that any rises in tough times were unwelcome .
The regulator said that the average rise was made up of November 's retail prices index of 5.2 % , plus 0.5 % .
Ofwat told the BBC that the differences in regional price hikes occurred because different companies had ongoing capital investments that needed different levels of funding , such as new large housing estates , or coastal protection , as in the case of Southern .
To cope with the cost of these projects , Ofwat has allowed some firms to increase prices by more than 5.7 % .
`` Inflation feeds through into water bills , and this is driving these rises , '' said Ms Finn in a statement on Tuesday .
`` We understand that any bill rise is unwelcome , particularly in tough economic times . We will make sure customers get value for money , '' they said .
They said that by 2015 , companies will have spent on average £935 for every property in England and Wales on services improvements , including on cleaning up rivers and beaches .
`` If companies do n't deliver on their investment promises , we will take action , '' they said .
Consumer groups have reacted with caution to the news .
`` If companies benefit financially from this then they need to share that with customers and not just with shareholders , '' said Tony Smith , chief executive of the Consumer Council for Water .
`` We 'll be making sure that customers get some benefits from this and also that companies step up their help for customers with affordability problems . ''
A team of researchers led by San Francisco State University 's Weining Man is the first to build and demonstrate the ability of two-dimensional disordered photonic band gap material , designed to be a platform to control light in unprecedented ways .
The new material could allow researchers to manipulate the flow and radiation of light in new ways by breaking away from the highly angular and constrained pathways for light dictated inside orderly photonic crystals . Instead , the material could lead to arbitrarily shaped , wavy , curved , and sharply bending ways to steer light , Man and their colleagues say .
The findings were published in the Sept. 16 issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Although the applications are far in the future , the new materials may be used for more efficient solar panels and illuminated displays . The `` free-form '' light guides within the materials could be especially useful in designing compact optical circuits for signal processing and telecommunications .
Photonic band gap materials help to steer photons -- light -- in the same way that semiconductors steer the flow of electrons in modern electronics . They accomplish this by blocking `` light of a certain energy , or frequency , so that it wo n't be able to propagate or exist in the material , '' said Man , an assistant professor of physics and astronomy .
Photonic band gap materials are rare in nature , although they can be seen on the iridescent wings of some butterflies or on opals , where certain wavelengths of light are blocked from entering at all angles .
It had been a longstanding belief that a photonic band gap within constructed materials must rely on the reflection in layers of crystalline structures such as silicon crystals , Man said . But more recently , their collaborators at the University of Surrey , Princeton University and New York University have predicted using numerical simulations that it is possible to have photonic band gap in disordered structures .
An orderly periodic pattern , such as the tiles on a bathroom floor , can only be constructed with certain shapes like hexagons or triangles or squares . For this reason , periodic , orderly photonic band gap materials are limited to conveying light only in special pathways along particular crystalline directions .
The material made by Man and their colleagues is disorderly , and therefore not limited to particular rotational symmetry like bathroom tiles . That means they can be built to be isotropic , or look the same in all directions . This combination of features , they said , `` provides a free-form platform so that we can choose any kind of bending or curved passes to direct the light 's flow . ''
Since the material is identical in all directions , it has the same photonic properties in all directions . This quality might prove useful in future applications that need to collect or radiate light in a uniform way , such as a solar energy panel or a display .
`` Scientifically , it 's terrific to prove that a disordered structure can have a photonic band gap , for all polarizations in all directions , '' Man added .
The researchers started with a `` point pattern '' to design the disordered materials . The design was then converted into a computer file for three-dimensional printing of the base structure , with precise holes and slots that guided the assembly of alumina rods and sheets . Peter Verdone , a staff member in the Department of Physics and Astronomy , contributed to the three-dimensional printing files . The modular design -- slightly like Lego brand bricks -- allowed individual pieces to be removed or added to create new arbitrary shapes of waveguides .
Five SF State students and Man performed all the experimental work in this project , co-authoring the PNAS paper with Man 's collaborators . The material is built on a centimeter-scale -- large enough to be held in the hand -- and was tested with microwaves , which have a longer wavelength than visible light .
After the successful demonstration with microwaves , Man said it is straightforward to scale down the material to channel the shorter wavelengths of visible and infrared light . Two of Man 's graduate students , Sam Tsitrin and Geev Nahal , are working on the design and fabrication of these materials at the scale of 500 nanometers with the support of a National Science Foundation grant .
Introducing Trigger Happy
Customize WordPress without writing code
Matthew Zalewski Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 4 , 2017
A few months back I wrote an article about WordPress Code Snippets — at the time , it was simply meant to be an online reference for common snippets of code that I use fairly regularly .
It ended up getting quite a few views , so this prompted me to finally finish a plugin that I had been working on .
Trigger Happy
As a WordPress plugin developer , clients often ask me to create a plugin that implements fairly simple functionality . Add Feature X to Page Y , or integrate plugin A with plugin B .
There are thousands of plugins available for WordPress — but unfortunately , they are n't always designed to work well together .
Looking to add a Ninja Forms contact form to out of stock items on WooCommerce ? Or maybe you want to add a discount based on the user 's membership level ? After hours of searching for a suitable plugin , you 'll likely come up with nothing — and realise you need to code it yourself .
But what if you ca n't write code ?
That 's where Trigger Happy comes in .
Triggers and Actions
To put it simply , Trigger Happy allows you to create triggers that run actions . In the first example above , the trigger could be “ When viewing WooCommerce product that is out of stock ” , and the action would be “ Display a Ninja Form ” .
Let 's go over the steps required to add this using Trigger Happy
Add the trigger
When we first add a new “ Flow ” , we 'll be asked to select a trigger .
This is easy enough to do . Simply click on the WooCommerce icon to filter down to WooCommerce-specific triggers , then select the one named “ When Viewing Single Product Page ”
Selecting a trigger
2 . Next we 'll be able to set options for this trigger . In this particular trigger , we 're able to specify where we want to inject the new content — we 'll pick “ Before the product meta data ” which is displayed just under the Add to Cart button .
Edit Trigger Settings
3 . After clicking Next , we 'll then be able to select the Action we want to perform . In this case , we want to render a Ninja Form , so we select “ Ninja Forms ” to filter the available actions then click “ Display Form ” .
Select an Action
4 . We 'll also need to configure the action by selecting the form we want to display
Configure the action
5 . Finally , we want to ensure the form is only displayed on Products that are out of stock . To do this , we use the Filters section at the bottom of the page .
Simply add a new filter , select the Product - > In Stock option and set the value to “ No ”
Add the filters
And that 's it . Give your Flow a name and click “ Publish ” to set it live .
The End Result
Now when you navigate to a product that is out of stock , you 'll be able to see your form displayed underneath the Product Summary section .
This is just one example of what you can do with Trigger Happy . Support for additional plugins and functionality is being added every day . And even if your favourite plugin is n't supported , you can still use the “ Custom Hook ” trigger to hook into it .
We currently have built-in support for WordPress Core , WooCommerce , Ninja Forms and ACF .
Calculations
Each trigger or action will expose different data depending on the context . For example , the “ Calculate Fees at Checkout ” trigger will allow you to access data from the users cart — while Modify Post Content will give you access to the post data .
This data can be used to create powerful calculations as shown in the following screenshot ( which adds a 50 % surcharge to orders at checkout ) .
What 's next ?
The plan is to get the popular plugins supported initially and then start adding support for smaller plugins .
I also plan to add a “ Flow-to-code ” function that will output selected Flows as a standalone plugin — allowing you to create entire plugins without writing a single line of code .
Longer term , I want to add community-created triggers and actions . This will help increase the number of plugins that Trigger Happy supports by allowing developers and other users to design Triggers , Actions and Data using a drag and drop interface .
Official Page
You can check out the plugin here : http : //hotsource.io/
I 'll continue to post regular weekly updates detailing changes and progress , so consider signing up to the newsletter below .
A 50-year-old Halifax man is facing charges after police say two cyclists were assaulted on Old Sambro Road Sunday morning .
Halifax Regional Police say the cyclists were heading down the road when a vehicle passed near West Pennant Road .
Peter Williams says the driver of the vehicle passed too close to them and their son , Jesse .
`` The law clears one metre , and I would imagine they were within a foot and a half or two feet , '' said Williams .
They admit their son did `` gesticulate '' before the driver slammed on their brakes and pulled the vehicle off into a parking lot , forcing the cyclists to stop .
`` He suckers punched my son in the face . My son was wearing bicycle shoes which are hard to stand up in , so my son was knocked to the ground , '' Williams told CBC 's Maritime Noon .
`` I moved to intervene and I was knocked to the ground as well . ''
Halifax police said the pair suffered minor injuries .
Photos of vehicle
Williams took photos of the man 's car and informed them they were calling 911 . The man said they were going home and police could find them there .
The man returned a short time later and waited with the father and son for police to arrive .
`` I guess they realized that it was the wrong thing to do , to leave the scene of an assault like that and it would probably lead to more trouble , I really do n't know . We tried not to engage with them at that point , '' Williams said .
It was another 20 minutes before police arrived .
`` It was a horrible experience . I 've ridden all over the world and a lot around Nova Scotia . I operate a bicycle touring business and outside HRM we rarely have issues , '' Williams said .
They said many drivers in Halifax have a very bad attitude toward cyclists and it leads to dangerous situations .
`` Keep in mind the danger that 's posed by cars , trying to teach us a lesson with their 3,000 pounds of steel is much more dangerous than a man actually punching somebody , '' said Williams .
Encourages 'lunatic fringe '
They said on a daily basis cyclists have to deal with cars coming too close to them , cutting them off and people yelling at them out of vehicle windows .
They said the attitude to cyclists in the Sambro area is particularly negative and only encourages what Williams calls the `` lunatic fringe '' to act aggressively toward cyclists . They would like to see a community meeting held to discuss the problem .
The driver has been charged with two counts of assault and will appear in court at a later date , but Williams said they are not ready to get back on theirs bike .
`` I do n't know what to do . I do n't know where to ride . I 'm not going to sit in my house and sit on my hands in front of the television . I want to be physically active , but I may have to rethink this whole thing . I do n't know . ''
It 's been a rough few months for Jesse Williams . They were in the news a few months ago after the passenger of a vehicle shot and hit them with Silly String while they rode their bicycle . That incident resulted in two young women facing charges .
Aphroditus ( Greek : Ἀφρόδιτος Aphroditos ) was a male Aphrodite originating from Amathus on the island of Cyprus and celebrated in Athens in a transvestite rite .
Aphroditus was portrayed as having a female shape and clothing like Aphrodite 's but also a phallus , and hence , a male name . [ 2 ] This deity would have arrived in Athens from Cyprus in the 4th century BC . In the 5th century BC , however , there existed hermae of Aphroditus , or phallic statues with a female head . [ 3 ]
According to Macrobius , who mentions the goddess in their Saturnalia , Philochorus , in their Atthis ( referred to by Macrobius ) , identifies this male-female god with the Moon and says that at its sacrifices men and women exchanged clothing . Philostratus , in describing the rituals involved in the festivals , said that the image or the impersonator of the god was accompanied by a large train of followers in which girls mingled with men because the festivals allowed `` women to act the part of men , and men put on woman 's clothing and play the woman '' . [ 2 ]
Aphroditus is the same as the later god Hermaphroditus , whose name means `` Aphroditus in the form of a herm '' —a statue shaped as a quadrangular pillar surmounted by a head or bust , and first occurs in the Characters of Theophrastus . [ 4 ] Photius also explained that Aphroditus was Hermaphroditus , and cited fragments from Attic comedies mentioning the divinity . [ 5 ] In later mythology Hermaphroditus came to be regarded as the son of Hermes and Aphrodite . [ 6 ]
One of the earliest surviving images from Athens is a fragment ( late 4th century BC ) , found in the Athenian agora , of a clay mould for a terracotta figurine . The figurine would have stood about 30 cm high , represented in a style known as άνασυρόμενος ( anasyromenos ) , a female lifting their dress to reveal male genitals , [ 7 ] a gesture that was believed to have apotropaic qualities , averting evil influences and bestowing good luck . [ 8 ]
This combination of the male and female in one divinity and being associated with the moon , both of which were considered to have fertilizing powers , was regarded as having an influence over the entire animal and vegetable creation . [ 9 ]
Literature [ edit ]
Macrobius , Saturnalia 3.8.2
`` There 's also a statue of Venus on Cyprus , that 's bearded , shaped and dressed like a woman , with scepter and male genitals , and they conceive them as both male and female . Aristophanes calls them Aphroditus , and Laevius says : Worshiping , then , the nurturing god Venus , whether they are male or female , just as the Moon is a nurturing goddess . In their Atthis Philochorus , too , states that they are the Moon and that men sacrifice to them in women 's dress , women in men 's , because they are held to be both male and female . `` [ 10 ]
Pausanias , Description of Greece 1.19.2
`` Concerning the district called The Gardens , and the temple of Aphrodite , there is no story that is told by them , nor yet about the Aphrodite which stands near the temple . Now the shape of it is square , like that of the Hermae , and the inscription declares that the Heavenly Aphrodite is the oldest of those called Fates . But the statue of Aphrodite in the Gardens is the work of Alcamenes , and one of the most noteworthy things in Athens . `` [ 11 ]
Theophrastus , Characters 16.10
`` On the fourth and seventh days of each month , they direct mulled wine to be prepared , and going themselves to purchase myrtle-wreaths , frankincense and convolvuluses ; they return to spend the day worshiping the statue of Hermaphroditus . `` [ 12 ]
Alciphron , Epistles 3.37
`` Having woven a garland of flowers , I repaired to the temple of Hermaphroditus , to fix it there , in honour of my deceased husband Phaedria : but I was seized there by Moschion and their companions . They had been teasing me to marry him ; but I refused , partly through compassion for my young children ; and also because my dear Phaedria is ever in my thoughts . `` [ 13 ]
Philostratus , Imagines 1.2
`` The torches give a faint light , enough for the revellers to see what is close in front of them , but not enough for us to see them . Peals of laughter rise , and women rush along with men , wearing men 's sandals and garments girt in strange fashion ; for the revel permits women to masquerade as men , and men to `` put on women 's garb '' and to ape the walk of women . `` [ 14 ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
by
According to Science Times [ 1 ] , the Tuesday science section in the New York Times , scientific retractions are on the rise because of a “ dysfunctional scientific climate ” that has created a “ winner-take-all game with perverse incentives that lead scientists to cut corners and , in some cases , commit acts of misconduct . ”
But elsewhere , audacious , falsified research stands unretracted–including the work of authors who actually went to prison for fraud !
Richard Borison , MD , former psychiatry chief at the Augusta Veterans Affairs medical center and Medical College of Georgia , was sentenced to 15 years in prison for a $ 10 million clinical trial fraud [ 2 ] but their 1996 US Seroquel® Study Group research is unretracted . [ 3 ] In fact , it is cited in 173 works and medical textbooks , misleading future medical professionals . [ 4 ]
Scott Reuben , MD , the “ Bernie Madoff ” of medicine who published research on clinical trials that never existed , was sentenced to six months in prison in 2010 . [ 5 ] But their “ research ” on popular pain killers like Celebrex and Lyrica is unretracted . [ 6 ] If going to prison for research fraud is not enough reason for retraction , what is ?
Wayne MacFadden , MD , resigned as US medical director for Seroquel in 2006 , after sexual affairs with two coworker women researchers surfaced [ 7 ] , but the related work is unretracted and was even part of Seroquel 's FDA approval package for bipolar disorder . [ 8 ]
More than 50 ghostwritten papers about hormone therapy ( HT ) written by Pfizer 's marketing firm , Designwrite , ran in medical journals , according to unsealed court documents on the University of California–San Francisco 's Drug Industry Document Archive . [ 9 ] Though the papers claimed no link between HT and breast cancer and false cardiac and cognitive benefits and were ghostwritten by marketing professionals not doctors , none has been retracted .
Pfizer/Parke-Davis placed 13 ghostwritten articles [ 10 ] in medical journals promoting Neurontin for offlabel uses , including a supplement to the Cleveland Clinic [ 11 ] but only Cochrane Database Systematic Reviews and Protocols has retracted the specious articles . [ 12 ]
Nor is the phony science just a product of “ Big Pharma. ” In 2008 , JAMA was forced to print a correction stating that authors of an article arguing for a higher recommended dietary allowance of protein were , in fact , industry operatives . [ 13 ] Sharon L. Miller was “ formerly employed by the National Cattlemen 's Beef Association , ” and author Robert R. Wolfe , PhD , received money from the Egg Nutrition Center , the National Dairy Council , the National Pork Board , and the Beef Checkoff through the National Cattlemen 's Beef Association , said the clarification . Miller 's email address , in fact was smiller @ beef.org , which should , might have been the JAMA editors ' first tip-off . [ 14 ] The article has also not been retracted .
Martha Rosenberg 's is an investigative health reporter . Them first book , Born With A Junk Food Deficiency : How Flaks , Quacks and Hacks Pimp The Public Health , has just been released by Prometheus books .
Notes .
Scrambler is an old term used to describe the type of road bikes turned into all-terrain motorcycles – something like ‘ cross-country ' in cars , with MINI now borrowing the term for a new concept based on the Clubman All4 .
Created by MINI 's Italian arm , it draws inspiration from BMW 's production R nineT Scrambler bike flaunting similar aesthetics by combining a Frozen grey paint scheme with matte black details and trimmings on the outside , and a two-tone caramel and black interior .
The Clubman All4 Scrambler Concept rides on a jacked up suspension and chunky off-road rubber that wrap around black alloy wheels , gaining additional plastic cladding on the lower parts of the body and wheel arches , together with auxiliary lights on the front that are reminiscent of the Mini rally cars , and a luggage rack on the roof .
In contrast to the toughened exterior , the cabin is all about chic details and a luxurious atmosphere , as it 's dressed in a combination of high-end Nappa leather and Alcantara .
While its appearance exaggerates its true off-road capabilities , the concept is undeniably cool to look at , and let 's face it – that 's what really counts for the majority of mainstream buyers these days , which makes us wonder if MINI should take this idea and apply it on a production model .
Photo Gallery
The Nintendo Switch seems like it could be the perfect portable gaming console—were it not for the bulky dock required to connect it to a TV . That 's why gamers have gotten excited about a pair of compact Switch HDMI adapters currently being crowdfunded , but you might be better off spending your money elsewhere .
When Nintendo finally released the Switch , users discovered that you could n't just plug it into any regular old USB-C to HDMI adapter , like those sold by Apple , to connect it to a TV . Nintendo 's Switch dock included extra electronics that were required for it to work . And while smaller third-party accessories , like the $ 45 Portable Docking Kit from Nyko , have managed to make the Switch dock less bulky , they still are n't quite pocket friendly .
Advertisement
Over the past few weeks , however , a Kickstarter crowdfunding campaign for a compact USB-C to HDMI adapter called the Switch-Con appeared online , as did a similar Indiegogo campaign for an equally small adapter called the SFANS . Available with pre-order contributions of $ 69 and $ 59 , respectively , both dongles promise to connect USB peripherals to your Switch , and its power adapter , all while it 's connected to a TV over HDMI .
Some gamers have pointed out , however , that both devices look awfully similar to an existing product called the C-FORCE CF001 adapter that 's been available in China for a few months for around $ 30 . The CF001 allows the Samsung Galaxy S8 to be tethered to a monitor and used as a makeshift desktop computer , in lieu of Samsung 's expensive $ 150 Dex Station dock accessory . And it turns out it can also be used to successfully connect a Nintendo Switch to an HDTV , as gamers on the GBATEMP forum have confirmed .
Advertisement
Not only do these adapters look similar in design on the outside , in a ‘ Manufacturing Update ' posted to their Kickstarter page on July 5 , the creators of the Switch-Con revealed photos of the circuit board inside their dock , clearly labeled LDR6023-DOCK-X6-V1 . That happens to be the same label as found on the board inside the C-FORCE CF001 , which was torn down and reviewed on this Chinese site . We have n't gotten a peek at the SFANS ' guts yet , but its size and shape is also similar to the Switch-Con and the CF001 .
So do you really need to spend upwards of $ 70 on these portable Switch docks ( that might also be Dex docks ) that seem like they 're trying to rebrand and re-package existing hardware through crowdfunding ? Probably not . But if you want to save your money and find a place that will import the popular C-FORCE CF001 adapter to North America , you 'll still run into trouble . It appears the dongle is already sold out all over China . Ironically , going the Kickstarter or Indiegogo route might ultimately be easier .
Advertisement
[ Kickstarter - Switch-Con & Indiegogo - SFANS ]
Title : Marvel 's The Defenders
Genre : Action , Adventure , Drama , Superhero
Platform : Streaming – Netflix
Directors : S. J. Clarkson and others
Writers : Douglass Petrie and Marco Ramirez and others
Rating : TV-MA
Release : August 18 , 2017
Cast : Charlie Cox , Krysten Ritter , Mike Colter , Finn Jones
Feature image : Source
On Friday , August 18 , Netflix will start streaming Marvel 's The Defenders . I have been waiting for this since Marvel and Netflix announced their collaboration in 2013 . This iteration of the Defenders is Charlie Cox as Matt Murdock / Daredevil , Krysten Ritter as Jessica Jones , Mike Colter as Luke Cage , and Finn Jones as Danny Rand / Iron Fist . The four heroes will work together to defeat The Hand . The head of the Hand is Sigourney Weaver as Alexandra . Under their control will be Elodie Yung as Elektra Natchios , Matt Murdock 's former lover who died at the end of the second season of Daredevil . Other characters who were in the other four shows will also appear in this miniseries . Let 's look back at the four members of the Defenders .
Daredevil
Matt Murdock was the first Defender to have a show . They are a blind attorney who lives in Hell 's Kitchen . IRL Hell 's Kitchen is a nice neighborhood in New York . In the Defenders universe , it is a hellhole because of the Battle of New York . It took place in the Avengers movie . Blinded as a youth from a chemical accident , Matt lost their eyesight , but their other senses heightened . While they were still a boy , a blind man named Stick , ( Scott Glenn ) became their mentor . Stick is also the leader of the Chaste , a group that fights against the Hand . When the show began them and their law school buddy , Foggy Nelson ( Elden Hensen ) opened a law firm . They eventually hired one of their first clients , Karen Page ( Deborah Ann Woll ) to be their secretary . Matt and the Daredevil 's main nemesis in the first season was Wilson Fisk / Kingpin ( Vincent D'Onofrio ) , a developer who wants to improve Hell 's Kitchen , by any means necessary . ( Usually through violence ) Kingpin turned out to be one of the best villains in the MCU . One of the people Matt met was a nurse , Claire Temple ( Rosario Dawson ) , who will eventually become the link among all four heroes . In the second season , we are introduced to Frank Castle / Punisher ( Jon Bernthal ) and Elektra . The main culprit is the Hand , the same culprits for the Defenders and Iron Fist . The Hand are the ones who will bring back Elektra and are responsible for the big hole in New York that will be important in the miniseries . At the end of season two , Matt and Foggy 's law firm , Murdock and Nelson goes under , mostly because of Matt , and Karen becomes a newspaper columnist . Foggy joins the law firm of a character we will meet in Jessica Jones .
Jessica Jones
The second Defender to get a show was Jessica Jones . Jessica is a hard drinking private eye who also lives in Hell 's Kitchen . Unlike Matt Murdock , Jessica has powers ; they have superhuman strength and limited flight . They tried to be a superhero once , from the encouragement of their adopted sister and best friend Patricia ‘ Trish ' Walker ( Rachael Taylor ) , but being a superhero was n't their thing . Jessica never had an easy life , losing their family in a car accident as a young girl , and the mysterious chemicals from the accident giving Jessica their powers . One day they ran into Kilgrave ( David Tennant ) , a villain who had mind control powers . They used these powers to put Jessica under their control . They had them do terrible things for him , and they did terrible things to them without their consent . Jessica was eventually able to get away from them but they suffer post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) from their experience . An attorney they sometimes work for , Jeri Hogarth ( Carrie-Anne Moss ) has a client that Kilgrave also controls . Jessica rescues them from the room they are holding them in , but they are still able to have Hope Shlottman ( Erin Moriarty ) kill their parents . The rest of the season is a cat and mouse contest between the two . Jessica reunites with their estranged sis Trish , and becomes involved with another super powered person , Luke Cage . Jessica is stalking him ; their reason will be the cause of their breakup . Along the way , they become close to their junkie neighbor Malcolm Ducasse ( Eka Darville ) who unbeknownst to them also has a connection to Kilgrave . Eventually Jessica overcomes Kilgrave and really becomes free .
Luke Cage
Luke Cage 's introduction was in Jessica Jones . After their messy breakup , Luke goes from owning a bar to working in a barbershop in Harlem . Luke has a secret , they are an escaped prisoner named Carl Lucas who escaped from Seagate prison in Georgia . While there , they were part of a secret experiment , which gave them superhuman strength and unbreakable skin . Luke is trying to keep a low profile but is dragged into a confrontation with the main crime boss in Harlem , Cornell ‘ Cottonmouth ' Stokes ( Mahershala Ali ) , the owner of the Paradise nightclub , and their cousin , city councilwoman , Mariah Dillard ( Alfre Woodard ) . Mariah has visions of rebuilding Harlem , with the ill-gotten gains of their cousin . Once Cottonmouth 's thugs shoot up the barbershop Luke works in , killing its owner , Luke becomes a thorn in the sides of Stokes and Dillard . Another thorn in their side is Detective Misty Knight ( Simone Missick ) of the NYPD . They and Luke do n't always see eye to eye , but they both want to bring down this crime family . Things become complicated when a new villain enters the picture , Willis ‘ Diamondback ' Stryker ( Erik LaRay Harvey ) . Stryker is a gunrunner who makes Stokes seem benevolent . They and Luke have a volatile connection . Luke goes back to prison , but as a community hero . They should be out about the time The Defenders start . Claire Temple who played a prominent part in Daredevil , but played a minor part in Jessica Jones , is prominent again in Luke Cage . They will continue being prominent in Iron Fist .
Iron Fist
Nayah was not in existence when Daredevil , Jessica Jones , and Luke Cage premiered , but the site did exist when Iron Fist premiered . I wrote a review of the whole season if you are interested . Of the four series , it clearly was n't my favorite . Danny Rand returns to Manhattan after being missing for 15 years , presumed to be dead after the plane crashed that they and their parents were on . Some monks rescued Danny and took them to the secret city of K'un-Lun where they learned martial arts , and eventually became the Iron Fist . The Iron Fist is a mystical power they can call upon . They spend large portions of the first season trying to prove they are Danny Rand . Ward ( Tom Pelphrey ) and Joy ( Jessica Stroup ) Meachum , their childhood friends who are running their father 's company , Rand Enterprises , do n't believe him , but that changes eventually . Along the way , they become friends with Colleen Wing ( Jessica Henwick ) the owner of a martial arts dojo . They meet Claire Temple through them Later in the season , their friend from K'un-Lun , Davos ( Sacha Dhawan ) appears , looking for him . Danny has a run-in with the Hand , and with their father 's old partner , Harold Meachum ( David Wenham ) , Ward and Joy 's dad . Danny also discovers that Colleen and their sensei Bakuto ( Ramon Rodriguez ) are members of the Hand , the ‘ good ' branch . The series ends with Danny and Colleen going to K'un-Lun and finding it missing .
I have n't seen The Defenders yet , so I do n't know how lost you 'll be if you 've never watched the four other series before . EW made a study guide for you . ScreenGuide made a video that tells you everything you need to know about The Defenders . I hope this preview also helps . I will be writing recaps for each of the eight episodes . I 'll try to post one every day after Friday . So see you in Hell 's Kitchen .
You 'll think twice before ever eating these foods again—but at least you can enjoy these tasty , safer alternatives .
This article was updated on Oct. 23 , 2018 .
Most of us live in relatively ignorant bliss when it comes to our food . We know that we should n't eat from the salad bar of a seedy motel , for instance , and that we 're better off avoiding fast-food sushi .
Ultimately , however , we do n't really know what happens to our food before it 's presented to us .
iStock
Studies show that 76 million people are affected by food illness every year . Those illnesses can be caused by bacteria , viruses , molds , and even parasites—and in some cases , the symptoms are life-threatening .
Food poisoning attorney Bill Marler has seen just about everything . They have represented clients in some of the biggest food safety cases on record , and over time , their professional life has shaped their food preferences .
“ I have a different relationship with food because of my profession. ” —Bill Marler
In early 2016 , Marler compiled a list of six foods that they never eats ( although , as we 'll explain shortly , he 's taken occasional liberties with one of those foods ) . The article quickly went viral , which did n't surprise the attorney .
“ I get asked a lot about what foods I stay away from , ” Marler explains to HealthyWay . “ It was one of those kind of things where I finally decided to just put them [ together ] , and I came up with six . ”
But while Marler thought that the piece would do well , they might not have anticipated its reach .
Courtesy of Marler Clark
“ My daughter called me and said , ‘ Dad , you 're trending [ online ] , ' ” they recall . “ It was the first time they actually thought I was interesting ! ”
We spoke with Marler to review the original list—and to find out whether he 's really serious about some of these . Then we consulted with registered dietitian nutritionist Kelsey Peoples of The Peoples Plate to get advice on alternative options that are , well , way less likely to give you food poisoning .
Like Marler , Peoples ' education and profession ( she has a master 's in nutrition and food science and a background in health research and clinical nutrition ) mean they know a thing or two about what you should—and shouldn't—be putting on your plate .
1 . The first item is n't exactly a hard one to pass up…
What 's healthier than raw sprouts ? They 're a great addition to any sandwich , right ?
Not quite . In the past 20 years , over 30 reported illness outbreaks resulted from sprout consumption , including numerous cases of poisoning from Salmonella and E. coli bacteria .
iStock
In 2014 , 19 people were hospitalized with Salmonella poisoning from eating sprouts . Marler warns that there have been too many outbreaks to not pay attention to the risks .
The U.S. government 's consumer food safety website , Foodsafety.gov , includes this warning : “ Children , the elderly , pregnant women , and persons with weakened immune systems should avoid eating raw sprouts of any kind ( including alfalfa , clover , radish , and mung bean sprouts ) . ”
iStock
Of course , the site also notes that cooking the sprouts kills the harmful bacteria , so if you prefer your bean sprouts cooked , you 've got nothing to worry about .
Plus , sprouts are , well , kind of gross , so we do n't really mind avoiding them .
Here 's what you should eat instead…
“ Fresh sprouts do add nice flavor and crunch to sandwiches and salads , ” says Peoples , “ but the moist environment of a bundle of sprouts is a great breeding ground for bacteria . For similar crunch with less risk , just start with a head of iceberg lettuce or cabbage and finely chop . ”
For a finer , more spout-like shred on your lettuce or cabbage of choice , you could cut it up with kitchen shears or get fancy ( and extra fine ) with a pair of herb scissors .
2 . Marler admits to cheating on this one .
This one is n't so much about the food as the way it 's prepared .
Pre-cut fruit seems like a great idea , in theory ; you get delightfully sliced pieces of perfectly ripened fruit filled with vitamins , minerals , and antioxidants .
However , in their original article , Marler wrote that they avoid pre-cut fruit “ like the plague . ”
iStock
As Marler wrote , the extra handling and processing increases the chances that the fruit will be contaminated . According to the Australian Institute of Food Safety , pre-cut fruit is one of the most common foods associated with foodborne illnesses .
Still , Marler admits that they do n't exactly avoid cut fruits “ like the plague. ” They were using a bit of hyperbole to get their point across .
“ If I 'm traveling or looking for a quick lunch , sometimes it 's just too convenient , ” they say .
Here 's what you should eat instead…
Marler and People 's agree : You should try to eat whole fruits instead of anything pre-cut . Marler says it 'll help you avoid Listeria , a bacterium that can cause gastrointestinal and nervous system issues .
Why 's that ? “ So many fruits come with their own protective barrier—bananas , oranges , kiwi , grapefruit , ” explains Peoples , “ so take advantage of those whole fruits when trying to avoid contamination . If you want pre-cup options , commercially processed canned fruits are still an option , but choose varieties packed in fruit juice instead of syrups and drain out the liquid to avoid excess added sugars . ”
See ? Even the professionals acknowledge that you 've got options for getting your fruit fix—without a side of food poisoning .
3 . Ready for a healthy breakfast ? Well…sorry in advance .
This one might be hard for some people to stomach ; we ca n't imagine asking for our eggs over-hard .
Though there have been recent changes to the way eggs are handled and processed , it was n't long ago that people were getting sick from raw eggs . Eggs cooked incorrectly can still pose some health risks . To learn what to watch for , check out the video below .
﻿
A representative of Foodsafety.gov tells HealthyWay that eggs pose a particularly significant risk to immunocompromised people , and consumers need to understand that risk before partaking .
Here 's what you should eat instead…
Peoples agrees that to minimize your risk of foodborne illness , you need to cook your eggs all the way through . They say scrambled and hard boiled eggs pose a much lower risk than any runny eggs .
They also share that , “ for some immunocompromised individuals , the safest option may be to try pasteurized liquid eggs , egg whites , or egg beater alternatives . Whites and beaters are also incredibly low in cholesterol , which is a benefit for those with any history of cardiovascular disease . ”
4 . This food trend might seem healthy , but that 's not the case .
Pasteurization removes some of the nutrients in juice and milk and that does n't bode well with the super health-conscious crowd . As a result , raw milk and juices have become more popular over the past few years , despite warnings from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) .
iStock
Marler argues that there 's no benefit compelling enough to minimize the risks involved with these drinks . Since pasteurization is an important safety procedure that eliminates harmful parasites , bacteria , and viruses from beverages , it would be irresponsible to risk possible infection for a couple of extra nutrients .
Of course , their opinion is informed by their casework . In 1996 , Marler fought for several children against the popular beverage company Odwalla . One client developed a serious affliction called hemolytic uremic syndrome ( HUS ) from drinking unpasteurized apple juice . HUS is caused by E. coli and is linked to anemia and kidney failure .
iStock
Ultimately , Odwalla was held responsible and had to pay a $ 1.5 million fine and another $ 12 million to the victims .
Here 's what you should drink instead…
“ Although a fresh farm-made juice may sound delicious , it just is n't worth the risk , ” says peoples . “ I always recommend choosing pasteurized products . ”
They also share this word of caution , which is especially important in light of the raw , unpasteurized juice = a healthy pour misconception :
Even 100 percent fresh fruit juice is an incredibly high source of sugar … an eight-ounce glass has as many grams of carbohydrates as two pieces of bread . I highly recommend diluting it with water to avoid blood sugar spikes , or better yet , choose fresh whole fruit instead .
5 . We 've got bad news for meat eaters .
Although something of a delicacy , rare steak ( and other kinds of beef ) carry with them a host of potential foodborne pathogens , including Listeria , Salmonella , and E. coli . Marler recommends steering clear of meat that is cooked rare .
They suggest that steak should only be consumed if it 's medium-well or well done , which should kill the harmful bacteria .
iStock
It may not be the most delicious way to eat a steak , but Marler says the risks outweigh the rewards . The FDA cautions that red meat needs to be cooked to 145 degrees Fahrenheit ( 160 degrees for ground meats ) in order to be safe .
Ground meat products ( like hamburgers and meatloaf ) need to be cooked even more thoroughly since bacteria that sit on the surface of the meat are often ground into it .
Still , we had to ask : Do they really order all of their steaks well done ? Yes , although they recalled one meal in which a restaurant confused their order with their colleague 's .
iStock
“ They switched the order , and I quickly looked at their steak and my steak and realized it , ” Marler recalls . “ We had to switch them back . ”
Here 's what you should eat instead…
“ If you ca n't imagine eating a well-done beef burger , why not try an alternative version ? ” asks Peoples .
“ Chicken and turkey burgers can be juicy and flavorful while being much leaner than most beef burgers , which is a perk for anyone looking to minimize their saturated fat intake . Vegetarian and vegan options are a fantastic way to get extra nutrients , ” they say .
“ Try grilling a portobello mushroom as your patty , buy a more traditional ‘ veggie burger ' made from a blend of vegetables and whole grains , or opt for one of the newest commercial faux meat options like The Better Burger , which is being praised as the most meat-like vegetarian burger ever invented . ”
You 'll have something to put on your bun , and you can top it with your condiments of choice rather than worry about a stomach bug tomorrow .
6 . But Marler received the most complaints for this final item .
Most people know that oysters are not the cleanest food available , but often people do n't realize why . Oysters filter feed , which means they eat ( and hold on to ) everything that 's in the water—and we mean everything .
iStock
When you eat raw oysters , you ingest their bacteria ( somewhat obviously ) . Marler says that they have seen many more issues with the consumption of raw oysters over the last five years as compared to 20 years ago , and they believe that warmer water temperatures are to blame .
Why ? Well , higher water temperatures mean more microbial growth , which means more cases of foodborne illness . In order for an oyster to be safe from bacteria and viruses , it must be cooked thoroughly . That reduces the risk of an illness but does n't eliminate it altogether .
I desperately want oysters but I also do n't want food poisoning… Is it worth the risk ? — Justin Wahl ( @ EmperorGunter ) May 18 , 2018
“ We 're starting to see more cases [ involving oysters ] , ” Marler says , noting that , despite the pushback from their friends on the East Coast , they would n't take the mollusks off of their list .
Here 's what you should eat instead…
There 's something très chic about knocking back oysters in good company , but Peoples says “ any raw shellfish comes with a higher risk of foodborne illness . ”
So what 's a gourmand to do ? People 's suggestions : “ Cooked alternatives like shrimp cocktail , crab cocktail , or baked clams are just as glamorous with far lower risk . ”
And do n't forget that fried oysters are fair game . BRB—we 're headed to Sir Cricket 's for the best fried oysters on the cape ( of Cod ) —and Marler better not try to stop us !
So , would Marler make any changes to this list ?
Nope . They say that while he 's seen contamination with specific brands , they do n't think he 'd make any additions .
“ There 've been lots of outbreaks linked to , for example , soy nut butter , ” Marler says . “ But [ the list ] includes things that , historically , in my experience , have been much more risky . They involve products that do n't have a ‘ kill ' step—they 're not cooked . ”
iStock.com/krblokhin
They also say that while he 's fairly strict about their own diet , they do n't ask their friends to order differently at restaurants .
“ Most people know what I do , and they either do n't care or they change their order , ” Marler says with a laugh . “ I have a different relationship with food because of my profession . ”
MONTREAL -- Sure , the ads take a bit of poetic license .
No , if you join Club 1909 , you can not actually spend a night watching Carey Price sleep in their bed .
But that ad , along with others by actor-comedian Jay Baruchel and their beloved Montreal Canadiens , try to deliver the point about the famed organization 's new loyalty program .
Club 1909 ( www.club1909.com ) was launched last week , a multifaceted fan membership program that intends to align Montreal 's brand around the world along the likes of the other big franchise hitters in sports .
Sitting in their Bell Centre office last week during an interview with ESPN.com , Kevin Gilmore , the team 's executive vice president and chief operating officer , explained the genesis for Club 1909 and why a team with automatic sellouts and sky-high TV ratings felt the need to branch out even more .
`` Sometimes , you have to look at your business and kind of turn it sideways to see what it is now , '' Gilmore said . `` The challenge from a marketing standpoint was to say , 'Guys , let 's look at what we do , who we are and what we represent . ' We spent a while on it , we talked to some outside people and to people inside here .
`` Basically the conclusion was that for the lack of a better word , we 're a legacy team , we 're synonymous with the sport . Same way the Yankees and Red Sox are with baseball , the Cowboys and Packers with football . I 'm sure the Leafs would argue the Leafs and Canadiens with hockey , and that 's a fair comment . We said , 'If that 's what we are , we need to start acting a little more like that . ' ''
By the Canadiens ' estimation , they 've got about 10 million fans around the globe . Obviously only 21,273 of them can get into one game at a time , and many of them never do get to experience an actual game at the Bell Centre .
So Club 1909 is an effort by the organization to reach out not only to their core base , but also to those far and about .
`` If you 're a fan that lives in South Dakota , South Florida , South America or Europe , you can go to our website and read about us , you can get GameCenter live and watch games online , you can stream the games on radio ; so you can follow us , but all that 's happening is that we 're speaking to you , '' said Gilmore .
The Canadiens want to include their fans in everything , no matter how they choose to cheer . Derek Leung/Getty Images
`` It 's a one-way conversation so you do n't know who you are or where you are ; we know you 're out there . So how do we create something that allows those fans to speak back to us and engage with us ? And how can we create a win-win situation where we give them something for being a fan ? We call it rewarding small acts of loyalty . ''
So whether it 's just a tweet about the Habs or just tuning into the game , as long as you 're a member of Club 1909 , the organization will reward those members with loyalty points . Fans can join for free , or can become a premium member by paying a one-time fee of $ 29.99 , which gets you a membership card embedded with a piece of game-worn jersey .
We kid you not .
But who 's kidding whom ? While the Canadiens say this about connecting more to their fan base , and that 's obviously a big part of it , at the end of the day , improving your brand around the world also means improving your bottom line .
That is why this program , if it takes off like the Habs hope it will , could be an innovative way to stretch the branding power of a team that otherwise appeared to have saturated the conventional revenue/branding routes . But Gilmore stresses that this includes unique aspects .
`` In most loyalty programs , you have to spend money to get points . But ours is a very democratic loyalty program in the sense that you can accumulate as many points as a non-season-ticket holder as a season-ticket holder does by doing things like watching games on TV and listening to games on the radio . Following us on Twitter , you get points , re-tweeting something we put out there you get points ; if you follow us on Facebook and like a story of ours and share it , you get loyalty points . They 're all acts of loyalty , they 're all acts from fans who have that strong emotional bond with the team , '' Gilmore said .
Here 's a breakdown of how the points system works .
`` The other thing we said is , 'Can we create a program that also breaks down the walls of the Bell Centre ? ' '' Gilmore said .
For example , Club 1909 members who record themselves on video chanting `` Go Habs Go '' could be chosen to join into the actual live chant during a game .
`` When the fans here at the Bell Centre start the 'Go Habs Go ' chant we 'll allow those fans to also join in , we 'll pipe that in , '' said Gilmore . `` So you can be in Europe , and your voice is being heard . ''
The Habs hired British company Fortress GB to help them craft Club 1909 . The technology firm has done work with teams such as Arsenal , Manchester City , the Boston Red Sox and the Los Angeles Dodgers .
With the Red Sox , Gilmore says , Fortress GB 's work was focused primarily on season-ticket holders . The Habs wanted to go beyond that .
`` We were like , 'How about we evolve together into a loyalty program that 's beyond the four walls of the building ? ' Let 's take care of the season-ticket holders , but at the same time , let 's extend it beyond the four walls and allow the guy in Europe or Chicoutimi also to accumulate loyalty points . Not just for spending money , but just for being a fan . That 's the logic beyond it . ''
And while increasing its brand name worldwide , the Club 1909 program will also hopefully help the team identify the actual people who are Habs fans or attend games . As Gilmore says , the average season-ticket holder goes to seven games a season , and shares or sells the rest of the tickets .
`` So who 's the person sitting there otherwise ? Maybe now we 'll know who they are , '' said Gilmore .
By having Club 1909 scan their membership cards or bar codes from their phones while entering the Bell Centre , the Habs will get a face to match the fan entering the building .
`` It 's about how can you better serve your clientele by knowing who they are , '' Gilmore said .
`` So let 's say Pierre comes to their 100th game since he 's been a member of Club 1909 , because they have John 's [ season ] tickets , and we know he 's there . 'Hey Pierre , as a reward for you being here for your 100th game , here 's an X-dollar voucher for the merchandise store , ' '' Gilmore said .
`` These are the kind of things we can do once we 've basically migrated people under this platform and we know who they are and how they express their loyalty , whether it 's here or somewhere else . ''
The program is in its infancy , and Gilmore envisions being able to do way more with it as technology evolves . But for now , it 's a start , and Gilmore reiterated the point :
`` The raison d'etre is to give our fans a chance to connect with us . ''
Recently I have been forced to come to a depressing conclusion : my strongest areas as a person are the ones that are the most useless to my survival.Here 's a case in point . Recently I was out to dinner with the girls , and we came upon the subject of a coworker 's recent collision with a deer , and I mentioned that they were lucky it was n't a moose , and then ... well , that got me going on the moose thing , you see . I had to tell them about how moose like to get drunk on fermented apples , and how they sometimes get brain parasites that cause them to stagger and run around like crazy until they die ( sort of like the moose version of a zombie ! But with more sadness ) . And I did n't even get to the parts about how the Soviet Union tried training them as riding and driving animals , and when that failed , they started in on the idea of dairy moose.I am so fun to go to dinner with , you guys . Seriously. , while my skills of random ungulate facts are sure to make me the life of any dinner party , I 've realized lately that the price to be paid for this cornucopia of amazing and useless facts is that my life is lacking in other areas . Like , say , knowledge that is useful in practical ways . My roommate and I have just moved into a great rental house , and I had to be taught how to build a fire . And I 'm not talking how to build a fire in the wilderness using only the lenses of my glasses and a pile of kindling painstaking shaved from the back of a wild marmot . I 'm talking about building a fire in a fireplace , with a bunch of kindling and logs already prepared . Oh , and a box of matches . And a lighter . Three lighters.By not knowing these things , by lacking these essential skills , I 'm letting myself down . And worse , I 'm letting MacGyver down. , who has taught me so much , like how to repair a radiator with an egg and how to escape from East Berlin in a coffin/jet ski ! Actually , now that I think about it , it 's entirely possible that my reliance on MacGyver as a role model might be why I do n't know how to do anything handy that actually works.I 've been working recently on a new 101 things in 1001 days list , because all of the changes my life has undergone lately have rather invalidated my last one , and as part of that I decided to make a list within a list . One of my 101 goals will be to learn 101 useful things and practical skills in the next 1001 days . I 'll be counting both big things and small things , and I 'll be making the list up as I go along , but a few of my goals include learning to build some furniture , snowshoe , cross-country ski , train my horse for driving , tie a rope halter , splice yacht rope , correctly trim my horse 's feet , drive a manual transmission , use a map and compass , dance , throw pottery , jump start a car , chop firewood , safely handle and shoot a few kinds of guns , change a tire and put on snow chains , camp without being eaten by a bear ... or maybe I 'll end up learning how to wrestle bears in defense of a chocolate bar . It 's hard to say.As I work my way through the list , I 'll be sharing my trials , tribulations and triumphs with you ... and hopefully it 'll be more of the latter . As you can tell from this list , I 've got plenty to learn , and in addition to all the butch and outdoorsy stuff I 've listed , I 'll also be attempting to master new cooking techniques and recipes , create some new crafts and whatnot , and generally embrace any opportunity that comes up to learn something new . I only have a few requirements : the thing I 'm learning has to be something at least moderately useful in my every day life ( so I guess I can put off `` perfecting impression of moose mating call '' ) , and it has to be relatively cheap and not involve acquiring too much equipment . So while I might , say , be interested in learning to weld , it wo n't do me a lot of good if I ca n't afford a bunch of welding equipment to put those skills to use.So , I 'm dying to know , what are the skills you think everyone should learn ? What do you wish you 'd learnednecessity forced you to sink or swim ? What simple things do you feel like everybody else has down pat but you 're just mystified ? Maybe we can all brush up a bit on our knowledge base , so when the inevitable zombie moose apocalypse arrives , we 'll be well-prepared .
We 'll take a long overdue visit to Animal Kingdom after dark to enjoy some of the sights and sounds and occasionally talk strategy , though it remains to be seen how long that advice is relevant . It 's more or less confirmed that Jungle Book : Alive with Magic will end its run on September 5th . After that , Animal Kingdom is currently open until 9pm from September 6th through the 29th , then 8:30pm through October 1st , before the close is moved to 7:30pm beginning October 2nd . While those closing times are late relative to how Animal Kingdom has operated prior to this summer , it 's not late enough to allow for much more than an hour of darkness in September with the sun setting at 7:40pm on September 6th and civil twilight ending at 8:04pm . With the 11pm close over the summer , guests had just over two hours of darkness to enjoy the various enhancements . And while the lack of a nighttime show will save people time , it 's still going to be difficult to ride Safaris and Everest at night and make it to the Tree of Life to see an Awakening before the Park closes . Of course , theme park hours are subject to change and they certainly will if and when Rivers of Light comes online . But with how weak attendance has been at Animal Kingdom after 8pm , it seems unlikely that we 'll see later closes in September without Rivers of Light necessitating an extension .
But even 9pm is an improvement over last year when Animal Kingdom was only open later than 6pm on a single date . And with Magic Kingdom closing at 7pm on 11 nights in September and 18 nights in October , we may see more people than ever eyeing an evening that ends at Animal Kingdom . That 's true whether you want to enjoy a pleasant dinner at what is now the best signature restaurant in a theme park , stop for a drink and some small plates at what is now the best theme park lounge , take advantage of short waits at some of Walt Disney World 's best attraction , see unique entertainment that rivals anything at the other theme parks , or simply relax and enjoy the Park 's beautiful nighttime ambiance .
Uncertainty around Rivers of Light remains frustrating as we are all aware that Disney announced that the show would debut back in April and then not only failed to make that date , but has since ceased communicating about the status of the show . And we all know what happened in the interim…
To say reviews were “ mixed ” on Jungle Book is perhaps being kind , but I 'm not sure it 's worth dwelling too long on a show that was put together in something like 43 days . Disney was literally training cast members for Rivers of Light 's opening at the same time that the Parks Blog announced that the show was going to be delayed and a different show would debut in its place . Personally , once my expectations were lowered far enough , I thought Jungle Book was “ okay . ”
I think it suffered from few people realizing that the singing was live on the center barge .
It was also unclear that the action on the five barges sitting too close to the stands was all the same , causing people to try to look around unnecessarily and lose focus on what was happening . With no real focal point , uneven pacing , and no real “ wow moment ” at the end , I think it 's safe to say that the show fell flat for most .
Was it terrible ? Not really…but the lengths a lot of people went to see it were pretty terrible as people lined up hours early to sit on uncomfortable bleachers and then stare at the back of someone else 's head for the duration of the show .
And while the website has focused on entertainment/attraction cuts that Disney dubbed “ efficiency initiatives ” in their latest earnings reports , Jungle Book was an extremely expensive show not only to produce , but to perform two times nightly with over two hundred cast members in entertainment and support roles .
Hopefully the future is brighter .
Speaking of nighttime spectaculars , while Animal Kingdom does n't offer a fireworks show , the Star Wars fireworks at Hollywood Studios are visible over Expedition Everest .
This is from the bridge that connects Africa with Discovery Island .
It 's probably not worth going out of your way to experience , but you might take a note of when the fireworks start and if you 're in the vicinity , head over to the bridge to sneak a peak .
On the entertainment front , the “ Harambe Wildlife Parti ” runs “ intermittently ” from 5pm to 10pm nightly – the hours of which will assuredly change into the fall and winter .
Three specific nighttime acts comprise the Parti after dark with several other acts appearing earlier in the day .
The Harambe Village Acrobats are best under the nighttime lights when they perform a variety of powerful feats . I would be more impressed if they were picking up two theme park bloggers though .
Burudika ramps up the energy for their nighttime performances on stage , while the Karibu Sisters dance , sing , and invite audience participation earlier in the evening .
If you were to ask most people about what they were looking forward to most about Animal Kingdom staying open late , nighttime rides on Kilimanjaro Safaris would probably make the majority of lists . But I 'm not sure how positive most experiences end up being .
Few animals are typically out after dark and when they are , they 're largely difficult to see as it 's prohibitively expensive to illuminate the savannas much more than they are . There 's a rhinoceros in the picture above .
After the first few nights , drivers started joking about the lack of visible animals . There are a couple hippos in this picture .
Some kind of story might have gone a long way to filling some of the dead space from area to area .
While I think we can agree that added emphasis on the animals is important , the Wilson storyline gave us a reason for being out on the savanna and a good excuse as to why our 2-week safari lasted closer to 30 minutes .
But like daytime safaris , some nighttime versions are packed with animals . This elephant picture was particularly lucky .
This still photograph does little to capture the movement of the giraffes , but it was the first and only time I 've ever seen them running across the savanna after each other . A very cool moment .
Photography is largely a fool 's game though I do n't follow my own advice , which is to put the camera away and just enjoy the ride .
This blurry shot of two lions perched on a rock underneath a starry black sky is shot at ISO 25,600 at f2.8 with a 35mm lens and a 1/10th shutter speed .
But the ride does certainly have its moments and even on some of the safaris where we 've seen fewer animals , there 's been at least one “ wow ” moment . On one ride , everyone thought a rhinoceros just inches off the path was a rock until it moved a bit as we approached . That sort of thing would never happen during the day .
A nighttime safari is certainly worth experiencing , though you might lower expectations on the various effects , story line , and potentially the number of animals you 'll see .
Looking over wait times over the last few weeks :
Larger : https : //www.easywdw.com/reports13/safaris_waits_summer_2016.jpg
Waits are surprisingly short for the most part , not even hitting a 20-minute average until after 10:15am and peaking under 40 minutes at noon .
Waits spike at 8pm as Disney halves capacity with such low late night attendance . Disney does distribute the maximum number of FastPass+ from 8pm to 10pm , which also means little capacity is given to standby . But by 10pm , you might find that you 're waiting longer in your vehicle for enough people to arrive to fill it than you did in line .
If possible , my recommendation is to get in line with a FastPass+ for Kilimanjaro Safaris about 15 minutes after the stated sunset time . The animals should be more plentiful and it will be easier to see them . Towards the end of the ride , you should be able to enjoy some of the better nighttime effects . On the other hand , if you 'd like to ride when it 's pitch black , you 'll want to get in line at least 30 minutes after sunset , keeping in mind that waits will be shortest as closing time approaches . But that 's true at every other attraction .
Walking over to Kali River Rapids :
I 'll be the first to admit that there is very little going on in my life , but I have n't had more fun than showering the Kali rafts after dark in some time . Riders think the worst is behind them and the trick is to wait until they 're right before the elephant trunks before you press the green button because then they wo n't see it coming . Then burst out laughing . Because it 's so dark , they will have no idea who 's doing it and group after group walked by talking about how they got squirted . At this point , you play dumb and say , “ I have no idea who would do such a terrible thing . ”
At least when there 's somebody riding in the raft , which is only about 70 % of the time this late . To get to this bridge , you just walk past the entrance to Kali and then take a right at the entrance to Maharajah Jungle Trek .
Here 's a look at wait times over the same dates as Safaris :
Larger : https : //www.easywdw.com/reports13/kali_summer_2016_wait_times.jpg
The main reason why Kali is the top FastPass+ priority at Animal Kingdom when it 's hot out is that it has the longest waits when you 'll probably want to ride it in the afternoon . If you 're not using FastPass+ , you want to try to ride before 10:15am or if you can swing it , late at night . There is virtually no demand for Kali after dark so if it is one of your favorites , you can ride it pretty much nonstop after 8pm .
On to Everest :
Trying and failing to get a picture of the moon by placing the camera on a variety of trash cans with fingers crossed .
Expedition Everest is always a treacherous climb , but the cover of darkness adds another layer of foreboding as riders find themselves lost amidst the twists , curves , and drops of the forbidden mountain . The Fear is ratcheted up again when you find yourself alone in the back row as I did on this ride .
A look at wait times :
Larger : https : //www.easywdw.com/reports13/everest_summer_2016_wait_times.jpg
Like the other attractions that we 've looked at , wait times drop off considerably during the late night , seeing a slight bump after Jungle Book dumps about 1,500 people in front of the entrance at 9:30pm , before dropping into the single digits .
While it 's somewhat irrelevant now , Disney was letting guests get in line for Everest until a couple minutes after 11pm , allowing one last ride for the few people staying to see the second show .
Discovery Island Carnivale is a dance party with live music from Viva Gaia and a lot of audience participation in front of Flame Tree Barbecue , currently starting at 6:45pm , 7:40pm , 8:35pm , and 9:35p with the Discovery Island Sunset Serenatas playing at 4:50pm , 5:35pm , 7:10pm , 8:05pm , 9:10pm .
I 'm currently “ on vacation ” with only around half of my photos in hand , so you 'll have to deal with archival footage of DinoLand USA rather than some fresh 2016 shots .
While there is n't a lot of demand for the rides , particularly with DINOSAUR closed for a couple of months , the area is typically crowded earlier in the evening as it 's where those waiting in standby for the Jungle Book show stand , often for hours on end . Hopefully Rivers of Light will be a more organized experience .
The Tree of Life Awakenings , which are visible on Discovery Island in front of the Tree , are an unexpected highlight .
One of several different vignettes , each of which lasts just under five minutes , starts every 15ish minutes once the sun goes down .
The projections , which make the animals carved into the Tree appear like they 're alive , are particularly impressive and a highlight that should n't be missed .
There 's typically plenty of room to enjoy each vignette whether you want to squeeze up closer to the Tree or hang back a bit . Seeing all four can be frustrating as there 's about ten minutes of downtime in between showings and there 's no telling which vignette will play next , but it 's worth staking out a spot to see at least one . If you have n't seen a video and would like a preview , I uploaded this video to Facebook a few months ago .
Overall , Animal Kingdom 's extended hours are a welcome addition to the Walt Disney World lineup , offering a great variety of experiences that were either never or rarely available to guests . While not every addition is attuned to Edgar Martinez 's double in Game 5 of the 1995 ALDS , there are enough hits that most guests with the ability should do what they can to stay late even if Jungle Book and Rivers of Light are n't on the schedule .
For the Safari , consider getting in line with FastPass+ a few minutes after sunset for the best view of the animals and several of the nighttime elements . For Everest , ride at least once after the sun goes down . Carve out at least a few minutes to enjoy the entertainment in Harambe and if you like to dance or make fun of other people dancing , stop by Discovery Island . Do n't miss swinging by the Tree of Life at some point in the evening and once the music starts , look up from your phone .
With potential 9pm closes starting September 6th , there wo n't be a lot of time to enjoy the Park after the sun goes down and it remains to be seen what kind of entertainment is offered . It should at least give you an opportunity to ride Safaris from 8pm to 8:40pm and then hustle over to Everest for at least one ride after dark followed by a sprint to Discovery Island for the Tree of Life Awakening . But we should know more about the schedule and hopefully a start date for Rivers of Light soon .
We 'll see .
Palakkad : What will you do with an empty bottle if you are travelling in a train ? Of course , most of us throw it out of the window .
In fact , this kind of waste items generated in a moving train can be raw materials for making beautiful as well as useful items . C H Anil Kumar , an official with the SSE Drawing Section at the Railways , has proved that this can be done in a very effective way .
Palakkad Railway division has introduced this innovative idea of turning waste materials into decorative pieces as part of the Railways ' cleanliness drive .
According to Palakkad division railway authority , the waste materials in the railway track and its premises can be reused and based on this , they decided to experiment such an innovative idea .
Anil Kumar , after gathering waste materials like bottles , glasses and containers that are thrown out of the train , makes flower vase , flowers and pen box from them .
Anil says the top portion of the platic water bottles can be converted into a beautiful flower vase and the bottom part can make flowers while centre piece can be converted into a pen box .
Aluminium foils , food containers and plastic carry bags are also taking new avatars at the hands of Anil . Their works won accolades at a recent exhibition held at the Railway division office .
For Anil Kumar , craft and art work is not just a part of the cleanliness campaign . They are an artist who is interested in painting . They had organised an exhibition of their paintings titiled ‘ Scratchography ' in Ernakulam . The paintings are made in a unique style -- by scratching them with a blade , hence the name . Another exhibition of their work will be organised at all railway stations under Palakkad division .
Be different . Make a difference .
Help kids stay safe all year long by raising awareness and funds to support our Shine a light campaign . Support our GoFundMe.com/ShineATealLight campaign to ensure that every Halloween in the future , Canadians can get access to teal lights to drive awareness of food allergies and support kids with this medical condition . This is a simple way to show big support !
If you want to help make a difference , but do n't have the time to put together a fundraising event or want to do something in addition to the Shine a light campaign , you can donate directly to Food Allergy Canada to help us continue being able to educate , advocate , and support the over 2.6 million Canadians with food allergies . Your support is saving lives . Thank you .
Donate now
Check out these great ideas for events and fundraising !
Craft party
Teal is the new orange ! Teal is the colour of food allergy awareness , make your own DIY craft party to create ways to shine a light on food allergies . Here 's what you need :
Party supplies :
Painting lantern party :
Lanterns ( whatever size you like )
Non-toxic teal paint
Brushes for painting
Newspapers to keep the area clean
Paper lantern making party :
Teal tissue paper
Scissors
Any circle-shaped object ( a coffee can lid , a small salad plate , etc . )
Pencil
Glue
LED candle
Sticky tape
Fundraising :
Ask everyone for a minimum donation to support food allergy awareness or have them donate directly to our GoFundMe.com/ShineATealLight campaign
campaign You can set-up a fundraising page if you prefer online donations – call us at 1 866 785-5660 to set up your fundraising page
For cash donations , you can gather the funds and then send us a cheque
Donations over $ 20 will receive a tax receipt , our CRA Charity Registration Number is 88720 8676 RR0001
Activities :
Have a contest for the best lanterns
Have everyone take their painted lanterns/paper lantern home , or donate it to their school so the lanterns can continue to raise food allergy awareness
Download other fun activities for the party , including games and activity sheets
Trunk-or-treat
This idea has been gaining momentum in communities across North America ! The idea is to have a community gather with their cars in a parking lot where kids can dress up in their costumes and go “ trunk-or-treat ” – they go car to car and adults hand out allergy-friendly treats and toys from the trunks of their car . You can also decorate your cars for the event to make it more festive .
Trunk-or-treat is a great allergy-friendly community event , where the kids can have Halloween fun in a safe environment .
What you need :
A big parking lot/field to host the event . Ask churches , schools , community centres if they are willing to provide the space
Trinkets and allergy-friendly treats – provide a list of safe snacks , or where to buy trinkets to everyone participating
You can have a teal theme , where everyone decorates their car in teal for instance
Fundraising :
Ask everyone for a minimum donation to support food allergy awareness , you can have a teal bucket at each car for donations , or have a suggested donation to attend the event . You can also direct people to our GoFundMe.com/ShineATealLight campaign
campaign You can set-up a fundraising page if you prefer online donations – call us at 1 866-785-5660 to set up your fundraising page
For cash donations , you can gather the funds and then send us a cheque
Donations over $ 20 will receive a tax receipt , our CRA Charity Registration Number is 88720 8676 RR0001
Activities :
Have a few activities on hand to keep the momentum going , from a dance contest , to crafts , check out a few you can download .
Other ideas
The sky is the limit , use your imagination to come up with great fundraising events – like bake sales , dance-a-thon , and craft sales , to help raise awareness for food allergies at Halloween and all year long !
School fundraising
You can fundraise at school and raise awareness for food allergies at the same time . Many of the same ideas ( DIY craft party , trunk-or-treat ) can be adapted for the school environment . For instance , kids can go from class to class instead of car to car , and classrooms can have a craft party competition . Check out Danica and Delaney 's story of fundraising at their school , last year .
This year , kids can sell our Shine a light bracelet for an easy fundraiser at school .
We also have many school resources that focus on educating children about food allergies , including the Allergy Awareness Challenge , and our resources for educators .
In the post-FDR era , it 's customary , if not necessarily telling , to assess a newly elected president 's performance after the hundredth day in power , when the electoral mandate dwindles and the honeymoon effect starts to subside . There 's no reason we ca n't look at late-night TV hosts through the same lens . Stephen Colbert 's Super PAC won them a Peabody instead of a presidency , but Thursday marked the end of the former “ Colbert Report ” host 's first 100 days behind the big desk in the Ed Sullivan Theater . And while Colbert has made some concessions to late-night tradition , he 's also staked their claim to the intellectual territory they carved out at Comedy Central . As a consequence , their guests have less glitz and glam than their competitors ' , perhaps leading to troubling ratings results .
Leading up to “ The Late Show ” relaunch on September 8 , writers pondered Colbert 's potential to “ reinvent late night , ” labeled them “ the Late Night Hope ” and wondered whether highly rated “ Tonight Show ” host Jimmy Fallon should be scared about a Colbert bump in the night . A few minutes into Colbert 's premiere , though , it was clear there would be no dramatic disruption . All the trappings of late-night TV had returned : the monologue , the obliging bandleader , the fake-cityscape backdrop , the padded chairs that face forward , forcing guests to contort themselves like Tobias Fünke . Colbert was still incisive , still silly and still skilled at improv , but freed of their old alter ego , they seemed restrained , bound to their desk during interviews instead of bounding away to greet their guests and pretend to steal their applause .
But there was something different about the people sitting for those interviews . In their first five shows , Colbert booked an amuse-bouche of big-name actors , including George Clooney and Scarlett Johansson , but they also found room for an author ( Stephen King ) , two politicians ( Jeb Bush and Joe Biden ) , two CEOs ( Elon Musk and Travis Kalanick ) and a Supreme Court justice ( Stephen Breyer ) . Very quickly , the distinction between late-night shows became clear : If Colbert was for figurative eggheads , Fallon , with their cavalcade of entertainers and athletes , was for people who took the term literally .
Actors remain the lifeblood of late night : They 're well known enough to be dependable draws , and they always have projects to promote . But all-actor episodes have been uncharacteristic of Colbert . A survey of interview segments across Colbert 's first 100 shows — and the 102 for Fallon and 91 for “ Jimmy Kimmel Live ! ” over the same span — reveals that if Colbert has n't quite revolutionized late night , he 's at least put their own spin on it , consistent with their higher-brow booking during their first week on air .
SHARE OF HOST 'S INTERVIEWS INTERVIEWEE PROFESSION COLBERT FALLON KIMMEL Political figure 11.4 % 3.3 % 2.2 % Writer 9.6 1.4 0.6 Show host 9.2 5.7 6.7 Business figure 6.1 0.0 0.0 Musician 4.4 9.4 6.1 Scientist 3.1 0.0 0.6 Director 2.2 1.9 1.1 Activist 1.7 0.5 0.0 Athlete 1.7 4.7 4.5 Comedian 1.7 3.8 3.4 Artist 1.3 0.0 1.7 Military figure 1.3 0.0 0.6 Model 0.9 0.5 0.0 Religious figure 0.9 0.0 0.0 Astronaut 0.4 0.0 0.0 Chef 0.4 1.9 1.7 Puppet 0.4 0.0 0.6 YouTube star 0.4 0.5 0.0 Animal trainer 0.0 0.5 1.1 Reality star 0.0 0.9 0.6 Late night non-actor guest breakdown
You can read more about how I categorized each guest in the footnotes , but the big finding is that Colbert 's guest list does n't look very late night . While their competitors interviewed actors about two-thirds of the time ( Kimmel : 68.7 percent ; Fallon : 65.1 percent ) , Colbert 's actor-interview rate lagged well behind , at 42.8 percent . The late-night-guest scene is highly incestuous : Almost 90 guests — roughly 17 percent of all guests interviewed in this period — appeared on at least two of the three shows . But Colbert was much more likely than their late-night rivals to interview writers , political figures , members of the business world , hosts of other shows , scientists and activists . They were also the only host in this sample to interview an astronaut or religious figure .
All three shows share one dubious practice : a pronounced skew toward male guests . Colbert , perhaps mirroring the demographic biases in the fields they tend to mine more heavily , has booked men in 66.4 percent of their segments , which tops Fallon at 61.9 percent and Kimmel at 60.3 percent .
Colbert 's more eclectic mix allows them to showcase their diverse interests , plays to their strengths as an interviewer and sets them apart from their competitors , just as Fallon 's adaptable voice and guitar skills lead them to lean more toward musicians .
It 's not clear , though , that Colbert 's new audience values that variety . Although Colbert continues to outdraw their predecessor , David Letterman , their early buzz died down quickly , as Fallon reestablished their dominance almost immediately after “ The Late Show ” debuted . Fallon 's lead has grown even larger lately , roughly doubling Colbert 's ratings , which have stagnated at about 680,000 18- to 49-year-olds despite the huge spike they saw in their post-Super Bowl episode . Generating YouTube traffic has proven to be an even higher hurdle for Colbert , the oldest of the three hosts , whose audience is also older , on average , than the competing late-night programs ' . That could be because CBS draws an older audience across the board , but it could also be because the financial , political and social leaders Colbert gravitates toward tend to be older than the actors their rivals prefer . Archbishops , theoretical physicists and UN Secretaries-General may make for great conversation , but they 're less likely to play Egg Russian Roulette .
The substance that endeared Colbert to their old audience has survived their transition to CBS . But it could be holding them back on their new , broader stage , and now their first 100 days of audience-building are behind him . “ The Late Show ” is in no danger of disappearing , but if Colbert wants to take the ratings title in their time slot , they may have to find ways to make viewers more interested in the guests they want to talk to , or consider catering more to a mainstream crowd .
Thanks to Jessie Barbour for research assistance .
CORRECTION ( Feb. 26 , 2:45 p.m. ) : An earlier version of this article misstated the guest list for Colbert 's 100th episode . The actor Krysten Ritter did not appear on the show ; they had been scheduled as a guest but was replaced by the musician Graham Nash . The numerical breakdown of Colbert 's guests , showing the percentages of actors , musicians and male guests , has changed as a result , and the numbers have been updated throughout .
The number of EU citizens coming to Britain fell by 7.7 per cent between March 2016 and March 2017 . At the same time , the number of EU citizens leaving the UK rose by over a quarter . That 's according to new estimates from the Office for National Statistics , released today .
FactCheck looks at what we can learn from the data .
More EU citizens are leaving Britain , and fewer are coming here
In the year up to March 2017 , 248,000 EU nationals came to Britain , while 122,000 left . In March 2016 , annual immigration to Britain from the EU was 267,000 , while the number of EU citizens leaving was 89,000 .
That means there are still more EU citizens arriving than leaving , but the gap is smaller than it was last year . Net migration of EU citizens – the difference between annual immigration and emigration – is down 40 per cent since March 2016 .
Nearly 50,000 EU8 nationals have left the UK since last year – up by a third since 2015-16
Citizens from the so-called “ EU8 countries ” have driven much of this change . This group of countries , which joined the EU in 2004 , comprises : Czech Republic , Estonia , Hungary , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland , Slovakia and Slovenia .
Immigration from EU8 countries to Britain fell by 31 per cent between March 2016 and March 2017 . And the number of EU8 citizens leaving went up by over a third . This means that net migration from EU8 citizens dropped significantly from 39,000 to just 7,000 in one year .
According to the ONS , this is the smallest net migration estimate for the EU8 since those countries joined the EU in 2004 . Until now , the smallest migration gap we 've seen was in 2009 , when net migration with this group of EU states was 16,000 .
How does EU migration compare to migration from the rest of the world ?
Immigration from non-EU nationals fell from 288,000 in 2015-16 to 266,000 in 2016-17 . That 's a drop of 8.3 per cent . But emigration was also down , with just 86,000 non-EU nationals leaving the UK this year , compared to the 95,000 who left last year .
Today 's figures show that net migration from outside the EU is down by nearly 8 per cent compared to last year . It currently stands at 179,000 – compared to 127,000 from EU nationals .
The number of British nationals leaving the UK is also up this year and now stands at 134,000 – 8,000 more than last year . The number of British nationals entering the UK from abroad is down from 83,000 to 74,000 . Overall , the net migration to Britain by UK nationals stands at -60,000 .
Will the government ever meet its commitment to bring migration down to the tens of thousands ?
In the 1960s and 70s , net migration was in the negative numbers , with more people leaving Britain each year than arriving . In the 1990s , immigration began to rise faster than emigration – and since the mid-90s , net migration has continued to grow .
The government will be encouraged by today 's figures , which mark an overall drop in net migration ( across all nationalities ) of about a third .
But there are still 246,000 more people coming to Britain each year than leaving it . And that could be a problem for the Conservatives , after they reiterated their commitment to cutting net migration to the tens of thousands in this year 's election manifesto .
An editorial in the Evening Standard , the paper now run by former Chancellor George Osborne , said it would be difficult to reach this target because “ net migration — the number of people arriving , minus the number leaving — is not in the gift of government , subject as it is to the vagaries of the world economy ” .
And the paper is n't alone in being sceptical . According to a poll by Ipsos Mori published in May this year , 68 per cent of the public agree that it is “ unlikely ” or “ fairly unlikely ” that the Conservatives will be able to cut net migration to that level .
Indeed , even if the government succeeds in this aim , some analysts argue that cutting migration to less than 100,000 could damage the UK economy . A 2017 report by the Centre for Economic and Business Research estimates that if the Tories met this target , it could cost the UK between 1.5 and 3.1 per cent of GDP by 2025 .
North America 's leading festival of popular Asian cinema gets a visceral sneak peek .
Fans of Asian cinema are in for a very big treat when The Film Society of Lincoln Center and Subway Cinema roll out their annual New York Asian Film Festival , known as North America 's leading festival of popular Asian cinema , later this month .
This year 's edition will showcase 57 feature films , including 3 International Premieres , 21 North American Premieres , 4 U.S. Premieres , and 15 films making their New York City debuts , including titles like “ Bad Genius , ” “ Birdshot , ” “ A Double Life , ” “ The Gangster 's Daughter , ” “ Kfc , ” “ Jane , ” and “ With Prisoners . ”
READ MORE : Ambitious South Korean Actioner ‘ The Villainess ' Just Might Be This Year 's ‘ Train to Busan ' — Film Festival Roundup
The festival will present five awards , including the Star Hong Kong Lifetime Achievement Award to Eric Tsang , two-Star Asia Awards , the Screen International Rising Star Award to Thailand 's Chutimon “ Aokbab ” Chuengcharoensukying as announced on June 5 , and the Daniel E. Craft Award for Excellence in Action Cinema to South Korea 's Jung Byung-gil .
“ We were seeking a range of original films from young , first-time directors , films that represent the diversity of filmmaking from Asia , stories that say something both very local and specific to their countries of origin and something very universal : we hope we achieved at least some of this with our inaugural competition selection , which includes films from seven countries/cities in the region in a broad variety of genres , ” NYAFF executive director Samuel Jamier said in an official statement .
READ MORE : Whitewashing Is n't the Only Problem for Asian American Actors , Who Must Play Offensive Stereotypes
They added , “ It 's important for us to champion new filmmaking from Asia , and the diversity of film made there at a time when other festivals in North America seem to be reducing the size of their Asian lineups . ”
Check out our exclusive trailer for the festival below , showing off some of the badass titles festival-goers can check out at this year 's edition .
The New York Asian Film Festival is curated by executive director Samuel Jamier , deputy director Stephen Cremin , and programmers Claire Marty and David Wilentz . It is co-presented by Subway Cinema Inc and the Film Society of Lincoln Center .
The festival is held at the Film Society of Lincoln Center ( June 30 – July 13 ) and the SVA Theater ( July 14 – 16 ) .
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news ! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here .
Sign Up : Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news ! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here .
We 've been having some fun this month with the Big Ten Champions Tournament while dreaming of what a March Madness for college football might look like .
Well , a playoff sure seems to be coming , folks , even if it 's not the full-fledged one some people prefer . Conference commissioners met Monday in Dallas to discuss the future of the sport 's postseason . While any decisions are still far away , the group put out a statement Monday evening saying it has gotten down to `` brass tacks '' in talking about a four-team playoff .
That 's significant because it shows the commissioners no longer are debating whether such a system should be implemented but instead now are talking about how it should be structured . Everything from neutral vs. campus sites , whether to use a BCS-style rankings system or a selection committee and when to play the games is still up in the air .
But the fact that they 're discussing those things signifies that a four-team playoff is now more likely to happen by 2014 . I was n't sure that would ever arrive in my lifetime .
I 'm in favor of using campus sites for the semifinals and having a selection committee choose the teams . Yet any new system they come up with will be better than what we have now .
I live in Louisville , where everybody is going crazy about the Kentucky-Louisville showdown in the Final Four this weekend in New Orleans . Can you imagine a similar scenario for the Big Ten in a football Final Four ? What if Michigan and Ohio State were to meet in a semifinal or championship game ? Would either fan base be able to control itself or concentrate on work in the weeks and days leading to that game ?
Such postseason rivalries are more difficult to pull off in football . An Ohio State-Michigan playoff game would have to follow the teams ' meeting in the regular-season finale and a possible rematch in the Big Ten title game . It 's hard to imagine how both teams would get in given that setup . It may be more likely with two teams in the same division , just as Alabama and LSU ended up in the BCS title game this year . How about a Michigan-Michigan State national semifinal ? Or Iowa-Nebraska ?
Those possibilities are fun to think about , and a football playoff opens up all sorts of fascinating scenarios . The Big Ten just needs to make sure it can get one of its teams to finish in the top four in as many seasons as possible , something that has n't happened the past two years . And the league should continue to lobby for campus sites , which benefits the conference much more than neutral sites .
But the playoff day sure seems to be coming soon . Thank goodness for that .
Update , August 27 2015 : PRS for Music announced today that it will take legal action against SoundCloud on the behalf of its members ' royalties . In an email sent out to PRS members , the body explains that “ after careful consideration , and following five years of unsuccessful negotiations , we now find ourselves in a situation where we have no alternative but to commence legal proceedings against SoundCloud. ” For more information and the full email , head here .
This week has seen a spate of high-profile account takedowns and suspensions issued by SoundCloud .
On August 12 , London-based internet station Radar Radio had its SoundCloud account removed . The station was told it had seven days to deal with any copyright infringements on their page , but the account was closed without warning the next day . Bizarrely , the account was then reinstated without explanation , and as of today has been suspended again .
The next day , online music magazine Dummy also had its account frozen . SoundCloud told Dummy that it had received three strikes for infringing Sony Music 's copyright , offering Kafkaesque instructions as to how to unlock it . “ SoundCloud have stated if we can persuade Sony to remove the objections then they will remove the strikes to restore and unlock our account , ” Dummy wrote . “ However , under instruction from Sony , SoundCloud are not allowed to tell us who to contact within the organisation. ” Shortly after that , DIY Magazine had its accounted suspended too .
Since Dummy and DIY 's accounts were hit , both have since been fully reinstated , but that does n't mean the problem is solved . SoundCloud takedowns have become something of an occupational hazard in 2015 ; if you upload material that does n't belong to you – be that in a DJ mix , remix , or a whole track you do n't own – you should probably expect the copyright detection algorithm will catch up with you at some point . It 's a fair expectation . With streaming taking over from digital sales and earnings from music lower than ever , it 's never been more important for artists to eke out what little money they can from the music they make .
However , SoundCloud 's takedowns have become more frequent in the past six months , and the reasons given ever more vague . Paradoxically , the takedowns are often hurting the artists that they 're meant to be protecting . On August 12 , London DJ Plastician had a track they produced , owned and released on their own label blocked by SoundCloud 's copyright detection algorithm . For a small label owner , the consequences can be disasterous . “ I can see from [ my label ] Terrorhythm 's Bandcamp stats that a majority of our purchases come from links inside SoundCloud , ” they told FACT , “ so it would be a massive loss to have our account frozen . ”
Moves like this and the suspension of Dummy 's account are n't great PR for SoundCloud . In both cases there 's no evidence to suggest they 've done anything to warrant having their accounts shut down , and it affects the livelihood of both . Dummy , like many music sites , relies on its account to host track premieres from small artists , who in turn get the boost from Dummy 's following . If a music magazine were to lose its SoundCloud account , it could suffer a loss of traffic from a lack of premieres , and smaller artists lose a platform for exposure . But anecdotal evidence suggests this is n't necessarily the fault of SoundCloud , but of heavy-handed requests from major labels over a licensing impasse that 's been going on for over a year .
When SoundCloud launched in 2007 , it was poised to become one of the most important things to happen to digital music since Napster . Artists were becoming dissatisfied with MySpace as a place to promote themselves , but Facebook did n't offer the same track hosting capabilities . At the same time , MP3 blogs , which often hosted track downloads without permission , were growing in number . SoundCloud offered a solution to both problems : independent artists could use the platform to host tracks and promote themselves , while blogs could upload a track and simply host a non-downloadable stream , which placated the labels . SoundCloud became a reasonably safe place to host music , and even helped to drive the popularity of artists signed to majors .
In the years that followed however , streaming on platforms like Spotify cannibalised digital sales , and SoundCloud itself became a target , not just because of the increasing number of illegally uploaded tracks it hosted , but for music owned and hosted by labels themselves . After all , if Spotify and YouTube offered streaming revenue , why should n't SoundCloud ? SoundCloud had to find a way to pay rights holders or risk becoming a Geocities-style graveyard , and the relatively paltry subscription fees it earned from independent producers was n't going to cut it .
The result was the On SoundCloud programme , announced last year . Users would be able to get revenue from the service in much the same way as Spotify , and with the flexibility of YouTube , which automatically detects copyrighted content and offers the rights holder three choices : mute the video 's audio , block it , or monetise it using ads . Since the programme was announced , both Warner and independent label consortium Merlin have signed on , but a year on , SoundCloud has yet to reach a deal with both Sony and Universal despite reports that the company has offered them an equity stake . It 's not clear why talks have stalled , but it seems SoundCloud is stuck in a catch-22 situation that involves both its investors and the two remaining majors .
A source from one of the labels represented by Merlin told FACT that SoundCloud streams will pay them equivalent to YouTube or thereabouts – payments they say are “ tiny ” compared to Spotify . In June , Sony began pulling its own artists from SoundCloud citing “ a lack of monetization opportunities ” on the platform , which suggest that Sony does n't believe SoundCloud can offer them the percentages it wants . Despite having revenue coming in from ads and subscriptions , SoundCloud still relies on outside investment . While the company received $ 150 million in a funding round at the end of last year , it pales next to the reported $ 526 million Spotify gained in June , and if one report is to be believed , SoundCloud is running very low on cash . Furthermore , sources suggest that potential investors are waiting to see what happens with Sony and Universal before ploughing in more money . With the high sums reported to be involved , it 's a stalemate that could potentially break the company whether it decides to pay or not .
When FACT asked SoundCloud for official comment on the suspension of Radar Radio 's account , the company said : “ We ca n't comment on specific rights holders , but we 're happy to host any content on the platform as long as it 's properly authorised . If we 're told that any content has been posted without permission , we need to remove that content in accordance with applicable law. ” It 's something that 's echoed in the company 's very detailed , and very fair overview of copyright on the platform , and it seems clear the company is doing everything within its power to stick to that . Occasionally , SoundCloud explains , mistakes will happen as the detection system gets it wrong , but what happened to Dummy is very different . While DIY declined to comment on why its account was terminated , the fact it happened on the same day seems like more than a coincidence .
SoundCloud has an official line on copyrighted material , but much of what goes on behind the scenes is still unknown to most people . In Dummy 's case , the trigger for its problems was material it claims had been sitting there for years . The goalposts seem to be moved on a daily basis , and nobody really has any idea why , or to what extent . For example , some high profile sites never seem to suffer any problems at all , despite uploading mixes that feature copyrighted content . Sources close to FACT have detailed a process of “ whitelisting ” at SoundCloud , in which certain accounts are given permission to upload copyrighted content . Whether this is restricted to those who are part of the On SoundCloud programme and using the whitelisting process to gain revenue from advertising , or whether Sony can also whitelist accounts despite not having an agreement with SoundCloud is unclear , but Dummy 's account restoration by Sony suggests the latter . What FACT does know is that whitelisting is n't a blanket process – individual labels or distributors must give their permission for accounts to be whitelisted individually .
FACT asked Sony Music for comment on both their policy regarding SoundCloud account takedowns and Dummy 's allegations that it was given the tracks to host by the company itself , but Sony has yet to respond . SoundCloud states on its site : “ We do n't give labels or anyone else access to the automated system to choose or prioritize the identifications , other than selecting which of their tracks they want blocked , and who ( if anyone ) should be allowed to upload their work without it being blocked. ” Sony has every right to ask SoundCloud to remove illegally uploaded or remixed material , but its treatment of Dummy seems especially heavy-handed given the situation , and its silence on the matter makes it seem as if it 's happy to let SoundCloud take the blame .
Dummy might have had its account unlocked by Sony , but unfortunately it 's SoundCloud that 's suffering . Following the events of August 13 , US producer Druid Cloak wrote on Facebook : “ I deleted my SoundCloud account today in protest of their complete disregard for the communities that helped them become what they are . While it was an incredibly useful tool that I paid for for years , it became a parasite that incubated and spread the mentality of a statistical mindstate . I am sure I will lose a lot of visibility on my projects , but for now on I will be focusing on incredible independent tools like Bandcamp and progressive sites and publications to present new projects . ”
Druid Cloak is n't the first to ditch SoundCloud for these reasons , and it seems unlikely he 'll be the last . While a wholesale abandonment of the service seems unlikely , the stalemate between Sony , Universal and SoundCloud could bring the service to its knees , whether through lawsuits sources say have been threatened , or simply as a result of not having enough money to make a deal .
The potential loss of the platform would have fairly serious implications , not just for small artists but the music industry as a whole . “ I think we 'd be in big trouble if we lost SoundCloud , ” Plastician says . “ Most concerning to me personally would be my access to new unsigned artists , both from an A & R perspective and as a DJ who plays new music on the radio . I 'd say I discover 99 per cent of the music I play on Rinse FM on SoundCloud , and probably download a lot from there too . I always ask people to send me music and demos via SoundCloud message too , so for me it really is the hub of almost everything I do on a day-to-day basis . ”
The sentiment was echoed by LuckyMe on Twitter . “ Keep pummelling SoundCloud and you 'll absolutely drive worse companies with worse finance , ” the label wrote . “ The idea that Sony strikes their catalogue and you blame the platform is daft . SoundCloud was a place to house all music made on technology that outpaced copyright law . And now they 've hit ceiling . Be mad at copyright . ”
For Sony Music , the idea of losing SoundCloud might not make much difference right now – it 's sitting on a catalogue of legacy material including music by David Bowie , Bob Dylan and Aerosmith which brings in a healthy sum of money each year . However , it also owns subsidiaries like Relentless , a label that counts Julio Bashmore , Bondax and Joey Bada $ $ among its roster , young artists who have gained exposure with the help of SoundCloud . If the service goes the way of Grooveshark , it wo n't just be underground artists like Plastician that lose their access to a wealth of undiscovered talent – it 'll be the majors losing their access to the next generation of hitmakers too .
Bees Pest Control Services to Protect Your Domestic Area from Bee Swarm and Nests 5 ( 100 % ) 1 vote ( 100 % ) vote
Make use of advanced elimination process :
Do not confuse wasps with bees . Owing to the similar appearance , people apply wrong pest solutions . Therefore , it is necessary to have a clear idea on the bee 's physical characteristics which will help spot out the right insect pest . Also , the right identification will make the elimination process convenient .
A homeowner will never be able to break the bee hive , as disturbing the hive can turn out fatal . Calling a beekeeper will be of no use , as the result will last for a shorter time . Get the professional measures from bees pest control Perth to shoo away bees from your location . The pest control operator has highly experienced pest guys who take great care while eliminating the bee hive . The use of advanced techniques which are applied against the bee removal is indeed very effective . After using the services from the pest agency , you can be rest assured that there will be no bee hive in the perimeter of your residence or business space .
Keep yourself away from bee stings :
Humming of bees in the nearby surroundings signifies bee infestation in your living precinct . The stings of bees make the inflicted part painful . The repeated stings can send a victim for immediate medical treatment . Do not allow bee stings affect your dear ones . The only way to keep bees far from your territory is to seek pro assistance from the pest control specialist . Bees look for an apt location to develop their nests and hives . Destroying the bee swarm and hive by a professional team of the pest control provider can release your tension of bee stings to a large extent .
Opt for effectual application strategies :
Relying on the bees pest control services of the pest control operator will not only save your money from going down the drain , but also the bee treatments and other measures will reduce the severe bee issues . By using the right tools and advanced strategies , the trained pest inspectors will cast out the infestation sites of bees from the roots .
Let the licensed bee controls keep your location free from bees and their hives .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HUNTSVILLE , Ala. ( WHNT ) - A Huntsville man has been arrested on charges of child pornography . But , that does n't begin to convey the depth and elaborate nature of this story .
Agents from the State Bureau of Investigations arrested 42-year-old Jeremy Nelson at their home on Tuesday afternoon .
Agents from the State Bureau of Investigations and Department of Homeland Security are working together on the case . They say a two-month investigation linked Nelson to producing and trading child pornography .
They say when they paid Nelson a visit on Tuesday to question them at their house , they learned the disturbing details of how they captured many of the images .
During questioning , agents say Nelson admitted to hiding cameras in restrooms at three Huntsville businesses . One of those businesses was WHNT News 19 .
They say Nelson told them there was still one camera in the women 's restroom at WHNT News 19 and described in detail where investigators could find it . Agents found the camera exactly where they say they told them and removed it for evidence . They also searched all other restrooms and dressing areas at the television station as a precaution . They did n't find any other recording devices .
Agents say they confiscated external hard drives , memory cards and thumb drives from Nelson 's home on Tuesday . Forensic analysts will be reviewing all of the data to determine just how many people may be victims and whether their images were disseminated . That could take weeks to determine .
As of Tuesday evening , Nelson is charged with four counts of production of child pornography . They are being held in the Madison County Detention Center on a $ 60,000 cash bond . Agents will be working with the U.S. Attorney 's Office to also bring federal charges against him .
Nelson was an employee of Sanitary Systems , janitorial service based in New Market . He 's worked for the company for roughly 20 years . WHNT News 19 has terminated the cleaning company 's contract with the station .
The company 's owner , James Starkey , says they feel blindsided by the charges , and says they never had reason to suspect Nelson of these actions .
WHNT News 19 spoke with a family member of Nelson - who prefers not to be identified . They say `` shock does n't begin to cover how [ they ] feel , '' and that they did not know about Nelson 's `` secret addiction . '' They will not be posting Nelson 's bond , and say they hope they get the help they need .
WHNT News 19 is fully cooperating with the ongoing investigation into this matter .
Our team members have been made fully aware of the situation and we will continue to keep them informed about the progress of the investigation .
We are Taking Action for you tonight . If you feel you may be impacted by this news , we have a resource to provide you . The Department of Homeland Security has a Victim Assistance Specialist . The number to call is 504-310-8800 .
This story has many elements . It 's continuing to develop . We want to tell as much of the story as we can . But , we also want to ensure we do not jeopardize this investigation . That 's why we 're not reporting the names of the other businesses yet . We promise to work closely with law enforcement to tell this story thoroughly and responsibly .
Additional update - Press release from Orange Police Department at 11:56 p.m. Friday , Oct. 14 :
Man shot has died . Police have identified them as 46-year-old Marvin Cordell Cooper Jr. of Orange
Date : 10/14/2016
Time : 8:16 pm
Location : 2609 8th Street , Orange , Tx , 77630
Event : Shooting ( Case # 1628487 )
Information : On Friday , October 14 , 2016 , at 8:16 pm , officers with the City of Orange Police Department were dispatched to 2609 8th Street , in reference to a disturbance involving a victim of a gun shot wound . Upon officer 's arrival , the officers located a white male inside the residence with an apparent gun shot wound to the head . The white male was identified as 46 years-of-age Marvin Cordell Cooper Jr of Orange , Texas . Cooper was transported to the local emergency room by Acadian Ambulance for medical treatment . Cooper was later transported to the Trauma Center at St Elisabeth Hospital by Acadian Ambulance . Cooper was in serious medical condition at the time of transport .
Updated Info : On Friday , October 14 , 2016 , at 11:21 pm , Cooper was pronounced deceased while at St Elisabeth Hospital . No arrest have been made at this time . The investigation is on-going by the Orange Police Department Detective Division .
Previous update below :
Update - Press Release from Orange Police Department at 11:25 p.m. Friday , Oct. 14 :
Date : 10/14/2016
Time : 8:16 pm
Location : 2609 8th Street , Orange , Tx , 77630
Event : Shooting ( Case # 1628487 )
Information : On Friday , October 14 , 2016 , at 8:16 pm , officers with the City of Orange Police Department were dispatched to 2609 8th Street , in reference to a disturbance involving a victim of a gun shot wound . Upon officer 's arrival , the officers located a white male inside the residence with an apparent gun shot wound to the head . The white male was identified as 46 years-of-age Marvin Cordell Cooper Jr of Orange , Texas . Cooper was transported to the local emergency room by Acadian Ambulance for medical treatment . Cooper was later transported to the Trauma Center at St Elisabeth Hospital by Acadian Ambulance . Cooper was in serious medical condition at the time of transport .
Initial report below :
KFDM News and 6 News on Fox have learned new details surrounding a shooting in Orange .
Police , fire and EMS responded to the shooting at about 9 p.m. Friday at home in the 2600 block of 8th Street in Orange .
Justice of the Peace Derry Dunn tells us information he 's received indicates a man shot their stepson in the head after they say the stepson began choking their mother and then turned on the stepfather and began choking him .
First responders performed CPR and then rushed the stepson to CHRISTUS Hospital St. Elizabeth Hospital in Beaumont .
Dunn says they do n't know why the stepson began attacking their mother .
The new rules coming out of the NFL are absolutely ridiculous . Well half of them are . But that half is heading the NFL straight to flag football .
The headshots rule is already a rule . There is a rule already on the books for helmet to helmet hits . It 's very obvious to see a helmet to helmet hit . It 's even pretty easy to tell if a guy meant to do it or if it was just an accident . The Dunta Robinson hit was not intentional . The hit on Joshua Cribbs was . It 's just that simple and easy to deter
mine . These hits should be officiated . These hits are more dangerous than your regular football hit , which by the way IS dangerous .
The other part of the rule , devastating hits , is ridiculous . The NFL is trying to legislate out any semblance of violence . Any semblance of what football is . They are now going to try to determine on the field if a hit rises to their interpretation of `` devastating . '' I do n't know about you , but I think every hit in the NFL would be fairly devastating on me . They are going to take out of football everything that makes it football . Soon , it will be illegal to touch any player on the field . They should just go to flag football now .
I understand that concussions are a big issue in the NFL , but do they honestly think it 's not on the NFL to fix this issue or even attempt to fix it with better helmets ? Do they think that by taking the football aspects out of football they are going to get more people watching and coming to games ? And what about drafting ? Players like Ray Lewis , Suh , and others are drafted for their ability to stop plays and players . Period . For no other reason . If that 's not needed , will they be looking to draft smaller , faster DBs and DLs ? Will teams be able to pass and run at will because the defense will be basically taken out of the game ? It 's ridiculous .
Please Mr. Running Back can you please stop running now that I 'm standing here ? Since I ca n't hit you ? Please ? Good grief . Already defenses can not even touch , TOUCH the helmet of a QB . Now , they wo n't be able to tackle a runner in the open field , or stop a wide receiver after the catch . It 's ridiculous . What will we see next ? Wide receivers flopping like soccer players and faking injury to get calls and then jumping back up and going back in for the next play ? If this is the direction of the NFL , I 'm not sure I want to go along for the ride .
The NFL has got to do something about concussions , but this ambiguous rule that can be interpreted a million different ways and that can directly impact the spirit and play of the game - well perhaps you should just get them all spandex shorts and flags attached to their a * sses and just go ahead with flag football .
With just four goals remaining in the tournament , the semifinals both feature a North Dakota vs. Western Michigan match-up with the # 1 seed vs. the # 5 seed and the # 2 seed vs. the # 6 seed . In the 1 vs. 5 semifinal , Western Michigan 's Josh Pitt goes coast-to-coast for an overtime game-winner vs. Michigan from week 8 , while North Dakota 's Rocco Grimaldi dekes the St. Lawrence goalie from week 5 . In the 2 vs. 6 match-up , North Dakota 's Drake Caggiula beats an SCSU defender from week 1 , while WMU 's Justin Kovacs weaves through the UMD defense from week 7 .
Videos of the the two match-ups are below with the poll to vote below each video . Voting will remain open through Friday evening . On Wednesday , Caggiula and Kovacs advanced to meet in the semifinals . The updated bracket can be seen at the bottom of the page .
# 1 JOSH PITT vs. # 5 ROCCO GRIMALDI
Description
Mel Ramos ( b . 1935 )
A Sinister Figure Lurks in the Shadows , 1962
Oil on canvas
18-3/8 x 13-1/4 inches ( 46.7 x 33.7 cm )
Signed , titled , and dated verso and on stretcher : 1962 `` A Sinister Figure / Lurks in the Shadows '' / By Mel Ramos
PROVENANCE :
The artist ;
Acquired by the present owner from the above , 1960s .
Since the early 60s California artist Mel Ramos has been fascinated with popular culture and mass media icons . Appropriating cartoons as the subject matter for their art , they quickly became the representative of all West Coast Pop . In their first mature body of work , Ramos painted a series of superheroes , including the most beloved and mysterious of all : Batman . Held in a private collection for many years , A Sinister Figure Lurks in the Shadows has been missing from public view until this time .
Ramos renders Batman with strong impasto and dramatic brushstrokes , indicating the impending action and sharp instincts of our hero . Immersing us into their fantastical world and placing our omnipotent hero against a fleshy , cream-colored background , Ramos brings Batman to life , ready for action .
Although they used images from popular culture , like other early Pop artists , Ramos also considered themselves an Expressionist . They held a strong belief that the artist 's hand must be present in the finished product . With this in mind , they skillfully rendered the comic superheroes by mastering hyper-expressive gestures . Their paintings combine the styles of the artists they most admired : the Abstract Expressionist style of Willem de Kooning with the colorful , thick strokes of Wayne Thiebaud . Ramos continually explored how high and low art intersected . They transformed popular figures such as these superheroes into their own hand-made , unique objects .
A lover of comic books , Ramos decided early in their career that they would paint the subjects they grew up with . In fact , in the early 60s , Ramos loved superheroes so much that they traded A Sinister Figure Lurks in the Shadows for even more comic books . The current owner , Bill Steinfelt has held onto the painting ever since . Mr. Steinfelt was n't aware of the tremendous value of their trade until earlier this year .
Heritage is pleased to offer this important piece of history at auction . This painting of Batman epitomizes the truly incredible talent of Mel Ramos and the invincibility of all the comic book heroes we love .
, 1962Oil on canvas18-3/8 x 13-1/4 inches ( 46.7 x 33.7 cm ) Signed , titled , and dated verso and on stretcher : PROVENANCE : The artist ; Acquired by the present owner from the above , 1960s.Since the early 60s California artist Mel Ramos has been fascinated with popular culture and mass media icons . Appropriating cartoons as the subject matter for their art , they quickly became the representative of all West Coast Pop . In their first mature body of work , Ramos painted a series of superheroes , including the most beloved and mysterious of all : Batman . Held in a private collection for many years , has been missing from public view until this time.Ramos renders Batman with strong impasto and dramatic brushstrokes , indicating the impending action and sharp instincts of our hero . Immersing us into their fantastical world and placing our omnipotent hero against a fleshy , cream-colored background , Ramos brings Batman to life , ready for action.Although they used images from popular culture , like other early Pop artists , Ramos also considered themselves an Expressionist . They held a strong belief that the artist 's hand must be present in the finished product . With this in mind , they skillfully rendered the comic superheroes by mastering hyper-expressive gestures . Their paintings combine the styles of the artists they most admired : the Abstract Expressionist style of Willem de Kooning with the colorful , thick strokes of Wayne Thiebaud . Ramos continually explored how high and low art intersected . They transformed popular figures such as these superheroes into their own hand-made , unique objects.A lover of comic books , Ramos decided early in their career that they would paint the subjects they grew up with . In fact , in the early 60s , Ramos loved superheroes so much that they tradedfor even more comic books . The current owner , Bill Steinfelt has held onto the painting ever since . Mr. Steinfelt was n't aware of the tremendous value of their trade until earlier this year.Heritage is pleased to offer this important piece of history at auction . This painting of Batman epitomizes the truly incredible talent of Mel Ramos and the invincibility of all the comic book heroes we love .
Condition Report * : This work is in very good condition . Unlined original canvas ; faint stretcher creases ; a few areas with craquelure , most notably at figure 's upper right shoulder ; two original miniscule abrasions with associated flecks of paint loss below figure 's right eye have been professionally inpainted ; some very spots of minor surface dirt commensurate with age ; under UV exam , there appears to be a dirty varnish layer within the figure 's black cape , but no additional inpainting visible . Framed Dimensions 19.875 X 14.625 Inches
* Heritage Auctions strives to provide as much information as possible but encourages in-person inspection by bidders . Statements regarding the condition of objects are only for general guidance and should not be relied upon as complete statements of fact , and do not constitute a representation , warranty or assumption of liability by Heritage . Some condition issues may not be noted in the condition report but are apparent in the provided photos which are considered part of the condition report . Please note that we do not de-frame lots estimated at $ 1,000 or less and may not be able to provide additional details for lots valued under $ 500 . All lots are sold `` AS IS '' under the Terms & Conditions of Auction.This item can not be shipped using standard methods . Please contact us for more information .
Infographic # 2 : How a General Fusion power plant will make electricity from fusion
Fusion could provide an effective way of cleanly producing large amounts of energy , substantially reducing our reliance on fossil fuels .
For fusion energy to make it to the grid , it needs to be converted into electricity . While this seems simple , the design of many fusion power plants in fact makes it very difficult to extract the energy and convert it to a useful form . General Fusion 's power plant design overcomes this challenge , because it enables the use of existing steam turbine technology to produce electricity from fusion .
Learn how a General Fusion power plant converts fusion energy to electricity in the infographic below , followed by full explanation of how the process works .
An important part of General Fusion 's design is that the energy extraction process is built into the system from the beginning , making this one of the only fusion power plant designs that can effectively capture the fusion energy and convert it to useful electricity .
When the fusion reaction releases energy , it does so in the form of high speed neutrons . By completely surrounding the reaction with a layer of liquid metal , those high speed neutrons are captured . As they get caught by the liquid metal , the neutrons slow down and transfer their energy to the metal , heating it up . That hot liquid metal can then be pumped out and used to boil water , create steam , and spin a turbine to generate electricity .
In a General Fusion power plant , this liquid metal liner is a core component of the design of the machine . You can learn more about how that works in our infographic : Inside a General Fusion Power Plant .
Almost all large power stations currently use steam turbines to generate electricity . Coal and nuclear fission power plants are all designed to generate heat , boil water , and spin a turbine . One of the benefits of the General Fusion design is that most of the technology outside of the fusion system is not new – the fusion system effectively acts as a boiler in much the same way that a coal furnace does , but without producing any greenhouse gas emissions or air pollution .
The use of these technologies means that we can draw on over 100 years of steam turbine development , focus our technology development on the fusion part of the system , and fast track bringing clean , safe and abundant fusion energy to the grid .
Learn more about fusion technology
You were recommended to me by an acquaintance familiar with your column and podcast . Lacking other resources at this particular moment , I have decided to write to you . I am a 20-year-old male , and as such have certain desires that almost all 20-year-old males have ( desires of a sexual nature ) . However , I am deeply religious . Religion has been for me a source of strength in my times of weakness , a rock in the times of storm , and above all a home to return to when I have lost my path . In the teachings of my particular religion , to indulge the particular desires I am experiencing will condemn me to fates too grotesque to mention . I am rational enough to realize that there is no way that I can “ pray away ” these desires . My question is this : How does one prepare for a life of celibacy and solitude ( as that is what is required of me to remain a member of this particular faith ) ? Based off of what my friend has told me , I know you have little respect for religious practices and beliefs . However , these desires are not exactly something I can talk about with other members of my spiritual community . And while I am currently seeking counseling related to other issues , I was wondering what a so-called expert on sex and sexuality would have to say .
Clever Acronyms Escape Me
Get over yourself , faggot .
If it 's possible for you to act on your unnamed-but-easily-identified desires in an ethical manner—if you desire to do whatever it is you desire to do with consenting adults who desire to take their turn doing it to you—this so-called expert on sexuality thinks you should crawl down off that cross and find yourself a boyfriend already . ( “ Pray away ” the gay ? I 'm guessing you 're Christian , probably Catholic . ) And if you experience a moment 's anxiety the first time you stick your ass in the air—pull the Jesus stick out first ! —just remind yourself that things have been crawling on top of each other and madly humping away for 850 million years . Sex came first , then humanity ( 200,000ish years ago ) , then religion came along tens of thousands of years after that . Which may explain why religion , when pitted against sex ( really old ) and human nature ( pretty old ) , always loses . Always .
Advertisement
If you 're on the cross , CAEM , it 's because you put yourself up there . Which means you 're not some poor mortal trapped between a cosmic rock and an existential hard place ; you 're just another closeted cocksucker with a martyr complex .
Look , kiddo , you get one life , one chance at happiness . If it gives you a spiritual semi to fantasize about a God who created you gay but forbids you to act on your emotional and sexual attraction to men , knock your damn self out . But you can have a boyfriend and Jesus , too—look at the pope—you just have to do what people have been doing since the first terrified idiot invented the first bullshit religion : improvise . Find yourself a brand-new religion or sect , or jettison the bits of your current faith that do n't work for you . If you know anything about the history of Christianity—and it sounds like you don't—then you know that the revisions began before the body was cold . No reason to stop now .
And finally , CAEM , there is no God—you do realize that , right ? No hell below us , above us only sky , etc .
Advertisement
I 'm an only child , male , born to a single mom . I 'm about to turn 21 , and I 've been with a great guy for over a year . I may be in love . We both have steady jobs , and we want to move in together . They came out to their parents after we started dating , and now I think it 's my turn . Problem is , I do n't know how to break it to my mother . She 's a tiny Mexican woman who is n't afraid of smacking me . I 'm afraid to tell them They always talk bad about the gay lifestyle because they consider themselves Christian , although not the churchgoing kind . When and how do I break the news that she 's not getting grandkids from me ?
Them Only Male Offspring
Your mom is my favorite kind of “ Christian. ” She 's not the “ churchgoing kind , ” as that would require some personal sacrifice on their part ( of their Sunday mornings , at least ) . And they certainly did n't let their faith interfere with their sex life . ( I 'm assuming your conception was something short of immaculate * . ) But when it comes to other people 's lives , when it comes to your sexuality and mine , HOMO , then their Christian values kick into high gear .
How convenient .
Okay , HOMO , lots of us have come out to hostile moms and dads and watched in awe as they morphed into the loving , supportive parents we did n't know they were capable of being . For some parents the process is quick , for others it 's slow , but it ca n't start until you come out .
Advertisement
Now here 's when you come out : The sooner the better—but do n't come out to your mother while they have the power to harm you , i.e. , if you 're dependent on them for a place to live or if she 's paying for your education . And here 's how : by U.S. mail . Do n't give your mother the chance to smack you . Write them a letter , include the contact info for the PFLAG chapter in your area , and tell them you 'll discuss this with them after they attend a meeting , not before .
Finally , when I came out to my mother , the first thing out of their mouth was , “ I do n't ever want to meet any boyfriends. ” They said the word “ boyfriend ” like it had been dipped in shit . On their deathbed , my mother told me to tell my boyfriend that they loved them ( “ like a daughter ” ) . My mom came around , HOMO , and so can yours .
But not until you tell them
My husband and I got married recently . Their first pick for best man was their older brother , “ St . Paul , ” a seminary student studying to become a priest . When my husband asked , their brother started crying and said they had hoped my husband would return to the church . We are both liberal ex-Catholics . For a wedding gift , Paul gave us a book called Man And Woman They Created Them : A Theology Of The Body , 700 pages of dogma by JP2 . In the five years I 've known him , they have rarely said more than one sentence to me , yet they speak boldly in favor of the church 's most conservative doctrines at family gatherings . How much of their bullshit do I have to deal with ? I 'm a huge fan of yours , and I know that you 've had some issues reconciling your own life with loved ones within the Catholic Church . Your advice would be appreciated .
The Schismatic
Advertisement
Man… so intolerant .
I 'm talking about you , TS , not your brother-in-law . Do n't get me wrong : Your brother-in-law sounds like total douchedrizzle . But they have a right to their opinions and a right to express them . You have a right to your opinions , too , of course , and just as much a right to express them . When St. Paul goes off on premarital sex or the ordination of women or the gays and their Prada loafers , smile and tell them he 's full of shit . But unless you live with him—and I ca n't imagine you would 've omitted that detail—you do n't see them too often , right ? Tolerate their bullshit—that 's what family does—and count your blessings .
And do n't complain about every word that comes out of their mouth and then gripe about how little they have to say to you .
Advertisement
* Note to Bill Donohue : Yes , I 've confused the virgin birth with the Immaculate Conception . So sue me , motherfucker .
Find the Savage Lovecast ( my weekly podcast ) every Tuesday at thestranger.com/savage . Got problems ? mail @ savagelove.net
A FARMER has been fined €25,000 for destroying a 1,000-year-old ring fort on their land , which was a protected national monument .
A FARMER has been fined €25,000 for destroying a 1,000-year-old ring fort on their land , which was a protected national monument .
John O'Mahony , 64 , pleaded guilty to carrying out work on the fort on their farm in north Kerry , without first notifying the National Monuments Service
Mr O'Mahony farms around 40 acres at Clashmealcon , near Causeway .
A ring fort and series of souterrains or underground tunnels - which were said to over 1,000 years ago - were on the lands , and were of historic importance .
Mr O'Mahony hired workers , in February 2008 , to demolish the majority of the ring fort .
The Tralee court heard that they knew of the existence of the ring fort as they had previously objected to a planning application there on the grounds that the land contained `` an historical ring fort '' .
They had only bought the lands two months before .
Mr O'Mahony apologised through their barrister . They said they did not know they had to seek permission for the work .
Judge Carroll Moran said ownership of property is a right , but this right was not `` unfettered '' .
Anthony Paladino , Imperial Navy Trooper ( Star Wars : A New Hope ) The commanding office of the 501st Legion 's Empire City Garrison , Paladino noted that they put together their uniform because `` it was my favorite action figure growing up . I just thought they looked cool ; distinguished . '' They purchased most of the costume from specialty vendors , and assembled the parts .
Sam Mchale , Female Hellboy This build was done with a simple yoga mat and some expanding foam , which Mchale carved into Hellboy 's iconic hand . `` Hellboy has been my favorite since I was a girl , and is the one I always wanted to do . ''
Tanya Wheeloch , Peggy Carter ( Captain America : First Avenger ) `` She 's an amazing female role model ; they can be strong but feminine . '' Wheeloch noted that they commissioned much of the costume , which was sewn from scratch .
Olivia Gomez and Andrew Cabezas , Vault Dwellers ( Fallout 4 ) `` Fallout brought us together , '' Olivia said . `` My Tinder profile said 'Currently obsessed with Fallour 4 . '' The pair did a lot of thrifting for these costumes : they purchased the bodysuits and modified them with whatever they had on hand .
Mark Rentflejs , Darth Maul ( Star Wars : The Phantom Menace ) `` I joined the 501st Legion with a biker scout . I was looking at various costumes , and Maul was a deficiency - there were n't too many of them . '' They ended up constructing the costume from scratch , with the exception of the boots . They had minored in theater and costume/makeup design . They noted that it only takes them three hours to transform into the Sith Lord .
The Willis Family : Angie , Dan , Cole and Logan . The Fantastic Four Dan : `` I have been a comic fan since being a kid , and was always a fan of the Fantastic Four . '' The Thing was constructed with couch foam and carved EVA foam , with rock effect paint . The rest of the family 's costumes were simple bodysuits that they modified . Angie and Dan went to NYCC in 2015 together , but they decided for 2016 to do a family ensemble .
Ken Nakayama , Iron Man ( Iron Man ) Nakayama first fell in love with the armor when they saw the first Iron Man film . Their set of armor took them six months to construct out of EVA foam . It 's easy to put on : it took them fifteen minutes in all .
Joy Delasalas , Pharah ( Overwatch ) This costume took two and a half months to construct . Delasalas first made paper templates , with detailing copied from a book about Overwatch , which they then transferred to EVA foam . Why do the character ? `` It 's badass armor . ''
Andrew Northarup , Master Chief ( Halo 3 ) When asked why they wanted to portray Master Chief , Northarup noted that `` he does n't quit ! They do what they need to do , and has an incredible sense of right and wrong . '' They commissioned this costume from a builder in the UK , who constructed it out of EVA foam .
Ella Blott , Ms Marvel ( Marvel Comics ) Blott constructed their costume out of various paints and items they found on Amazon . `` I was interested in doing something new - she 's a teenager and a person of color , and she 's nerdy . '' Them best moment at the con was running into another version of Captain Marvel , and having the chance to hero worship in character .
Mary Kate McLoughlin and Amber Dubill , Yates and Holtzman ( Ghostbusters ) `` I 'm an engineering student and I loved Holtzman ! '' Dubill said when asked about their costumes . They were the one who constructed the backpacks , using a 3D printer , plastic boxes , colanders and a pair of computers they tore apart . McLoughlin did the jumpsuits , sewing on patches and ribbons to the ones they found online . `` I loved the new movie , and I loved the representation and portrayal of women . ''
Ayoka Francis , Aayla Secura . ( Star Wars : Attack of the Clones ) Francis sewed the costume themselves in four days . It 's constructed with fabric that they found at Joanne Fabrics put it together using their grandmother 's sewing machine . The Lekku are filled with polyfill . Jedi Knight Aayla Secura appealed to them because `` I like their devotion and strength . '' The character also also one of a limited number they felt they could portray comfortably . `` I like Star Wars , but most characters are caucasian . ''
Devon and Will Sherer , Lee Lemon and Female Philip J. Fry Devon noted that they were both huge Futurama fans , and that they wanted to have some fun this year gender-bending the two characters . They both appreciated that the show was goofy , and that it featured a great female lead .
Jared Vasquez , Sand Trooper ( Star Wars : A New Hope ) `` I 've always loved this [ trooper ] when I was a child . I came to New York Comic Con in 2015 and met the 501st . It 's become an addiction . '' They used hairspray , fullers earth and watered-down acrylic paint to weather their AP-style armor .
Shannon Boyle , Jim Holden ( The Expanse ) `` I see a ton of myself in [ Holden ] , '' they said . `` Has trouble seeing the grey in black and white . Plus , I have an obsession with coffee . '' Boyle purchased a Dicky 's jumpsuit and removed the patches . They found stickers , which they reinforced and sewed onto the front and back , noting that proper patches were still hard to come by .
Mehdi Jaffery , As Kuang ( Smite ) A friend helped Jaffery assemble the costume with foam . `` The character is my second favorite . I looked at it and thought : ' I want to cosplay this ! '' . They had trouble putting it on on the way to the convention , and was helped by fellow con-goers . `` You can always count on strangers to help . ''
Elisa Forysinski , Mercy ( Overwatch ) Forysinski spent three months researching every component of this costume , constructing it out of foam and plastic . They decided to portray the character because `` I 've played almost 200 hours [ of her ] on Overwatch , and it 's also because she 's a medic and a bit of a badass . I like being able to turn the tide of the game with one res . ''
Jenna Pierre , Princess Allura ( Voltron , Legendary Defender ) Pierre sewed the bodysuit together themselves after forming the parts on paper . While at the con , they found a larger group of Voltron characters and joined them . `` I like the humor in the show ; it 's relatable . It 's a group of friends coming together . ''
Erin Natal , Eleven ( Stranger Things ) `` I loved Stranger Things . Hopper is my favorite , but Eleven appealed to me as a girl . I like to cosplay as characters I can pass as . '' Natal noted that they found the dress on Etsy , and added on the white collar . The biggest part was their hair : rather than go with a blond wig , they decided to shave their head .
Mark Lynch and Sharon Ireland . Magneto and Mystique ( X-Men , First Class ) The couple regularly cosplay together , but for NYCC , they wanted to portray an on-screen couple . Mark constructed their own helmet , and modified a purchased costume , while Sharon noted that their latex details took seven hours to apply .
Fatima Iqbal , Resistance Pilot ( The Force Awakens ) Iqbal commissioned the costume from a vendor , who constructed each of the parts . `` I think they 're fighting for a noble cause and helping the little people . They 're true to their beliefs . ''
Armand Bodner , Doctor Fate ( DC Comics ) Bodner sewed everything from patterns , and created the details from scratch : They sculpted the amulet in bondo and cast it in resin , while the helmet is EVA foam and coated in fiberglass . `` I enjoy choosing obscure characters . There 's a million Batmans , but only two Doctor Fates . ''
David Narozniak , Tony Patryn and Alicia Stermer , Renly Baratheon , Hodor and Cersi Lannister ( Game of Thrones ) The three met at a board gaming group , and for the last three years , have gone together as a group . This time around , Patryn noted that they wanted to do Hodor . `` I 'd seen Hodor cosplays , but never with a door . I 'm regretting it . '' The others followed suit with other characters from the show .
Bill Kriney , aka BCK Cosplay , Lex Luthor ( DC Comics ) Kriney 's build took five months and cost around $ 500 . It 's constructed from EVA foam , epoxy resin and car paint . Platform shoes give them some extra height . Their primary concern ? Heat exhaustion . `` I almost passed out yesterday . ''
Brandon Williams , Prince ( Inspired by Saga ) Williams ripped apart an old television , padded the inside and replaced the screen with a piece of tinted plastic . Saga appealed to them because `` I like any story that goes against cliches . '' They painted it teal to raise awareness for ovarian cancer .
When you 're going to a conference , it 's easy to go to events and blast out business cards . That 's largely ineffective , though .
You 'll want to target your networking . Figure out what kind of people you want to meet . Then research where you 're likely to meet them . At a conference , what panels are they likely to attend ?
Breaking the ice can be the toughest part of networking at a conference . Just remember , they 're a normal person just like you . They want to be approached , and are probably happy to have someone to talk to rather than pretending to scroll through their phones .
Here are icebreakers that have worked well for me :
What brings you here ?
Is this the first time you 've attended x event ?
What speaker/panel/presentation have you enjoyed the most ?
What speaker/panel/presentation are you most looking forward to ?
How did you get into x industry ?
What are you working on right now ?
From there , try to focus the conversation on them . Ask questions about their background , current projects , future plans . The focus should be on helping in any way you can .
Wrap up the conversation by getting their business card with the intention of offering more help in the future .
Then actually follow through on that help . Send them information , articles , updates that are relevant and helpful to them .
I 've written a more detailed post with other networking tips/scripts here : Top strategies for authentic networking ( even if you do n't have a network , yet ) | Comfortable Conversation
Best of luck on your networking !
Guess what 's coming back ? !
Current plans have WWE giving us all one more dose of ATTITUDE in our DVD and Blu-ray collections next year with the Home Video release of “ Attitude Era Vol . 3 ” .
The “ Attitude Era ” DVD & Blu-ray series was last seen with the release of Vol . 2 this time last year , which followed its debut this time three years ago . Listed on the 2016 WWE Home Video Schedule right now and tentatively planned for summer 2016 is the third volume !
WWE looks to be bringing back the `` Attitude Era '' DVD/Blu-ray series . Excited ? OH HELL YEAH ! ! Ca n't wait to add it to my collection ...
IT DOES N'T MATTER ! ! Two volumes were enough ... View Results Loading ... Loading ...
Officially released to the UK this week is the “ WWE : 2015 Annual ” DVD !
The UK exclusive Annual series returns this year as a 6 disc DVD set combing the two past titles “ The Best of RAW & SmackDown 2014 ” and “ Best PPV Matches 2014 ” .
UK FANS : Click here to get the new “ WWE : 2015 Annual ” DVD from Amazon.co.uk .
In case you missed it over the weekend , the first 2016 WWE DVD titles ( January and February releases ) have gone up for pre-order for fans in the United States !
Among them is “ The Best of RAW & SmackDown 2015 ” DVD and a series we 've been reporting will be returning to the US schedule next year with the “ Best PPV Matches 2015 ” DVD .
– The Best of RAW & SmackDown 2015 DVD
– Best PPV Matches 2015 DVD
Scott Hall has a new DVD slated for 2016 but before then , released TODAY and shipping now at KayfabeCommentaries.com is their new shoot interview – “ YouShoot : Scott Hall ” .
It 's also available to stream instantly On Demand . Watch the trailer below .
RARE STUFF : Coming up on eBay this week is a chance to own the rare “ Special Collector 's Edition ” Trish Stratus WWE DVD , which is scarcely seen listed on the auction site as of late .
This listing is right now bid to only $ 2.00 and there is no reserve price set !
Also up for grabs in an eBay auction expiring this week is the WrestleMania Anthology , right now bid to only $ 9.99 and again with no reserve – a potential steal price for the box set !
Source : Hal McDonald
In James Thurber 's classic 1939 short story “ The Secret Life of Walter Mitty , ” a henpecked husband has trouble keeping their mind on the here and now , drifting off instead into of heroic exploits in which they selflessly and dramatically steps up to save the day , in whatever colorful manner it needs to be saved . These flights of fancy provide them a temporary mental escape from the tyranny of their termagant wife , but their failure to attend their current external circumstances consistently places them in embarrassing or inconvenient situations .
While few of us are subject to such complete flights of fancy as Walter Mitty is , all of us experience occasional bouts of mind-wandering—episodes in which our drifts away from the task or activity at hand and turns inward to our mental reflections on the past , present , and future . Maybe we 're reading a book , and suddenly become aware that we have absolutely no idea what the last three or four pages said . Or perhaps we 're making our daily commute to work and find ourselves turning onto the parking lot of our office building with little or no recollection of the miles we 've driven since we turned out of the driveway at our house . When catching ourselves in such a lapse of exterior attention , our typical reaction is annoyance at our own perceived lack of mental , and perhaps even a touch of at the realization that our bodies have navigated several miles of rush hour traffic without the conscious guidance of our minds .
Such departures of our attention from our present circumstances can , in fact , be frustrating , or even downright dangerous depending on the of the task from which our mind has wandered . A growing body of evidence , however , indicates that , in addition to the obvious liabilities it entails , mind-wandering offers a number of unexpected benefits . A recent behavioral and neuroimaging study at York University revealed one such benefit .
Participants in the study were asked to write for fifteen minutes on three of their most important in life , and then completed a task ( matching a sequence of shapes on a computer screen ) , during which they were periodically interrupted and asked several questions to gauge their level of attentiveness to the task . At the completion of the task , participants wrote once again for fifteen minutes on their three most important . A comparison of the pre- and post-task writing samples , in conjunction with self-reports of attentiveness during the task , revealed that higher levels of mind-wandering were associated with an increase in the concreteness and specificity of goal descriptions from the pre- to post-task writing samples . The researchers concluded that spontaneous thought associated with the mind-wandering state increases future-oriented thinking , which in turn helps to clarify and solidify our future .
Neuroimaging scans taken in conjunction with the behavioral study suggested the possibility of a correlate to the process : “ We conclude that self-generated that arises during the mind-wandering state can allow to be refined , and this depends on systems anchored in the hippocampus. ” The fact that greater coupling of the hippocampus with other specific networks predicted generation of more concrete may “ represent a mechanism that allows an individual to mentally stimulate possible paths to goal achievement. ” These spontaneous mental simulations can help us refine our strategies for approaching a future goal , allowing us to identify the ones most likely to get us where we want to go .
The next time you 're reading a book and suddenly become aware that your mind has drifted far , far away from the content of the page in front of you , perhaps you should consider letting it wander there for a while before calling it back . It is , of course , possible that you 're only daydreaming of impossible acts of heroism or remembering last night 's dinner , but it 's also possible that you 're laying down a fresh layer of asphalt on the highway to future success .
At its Playtime developer event in San Francisco , Google announced that it 's introducing a handy new monetization feature : Discounts on subscriptions .
That means developers will be able to offer introductory deals on the subscription plans for their Android apps on Google Play .
Say you 've got a podcast service that normally costs $ 3 a month ; you can now offer new subscribers a $ 1 per month fee for the first three months and then ramp it up to the full price . The introduction of this feature negates the need to build custom payment infrastructure to support discounted subscriptions .
This builds on Google Play 's support for local and custom pricing , as well free trials , beta programs and pre-registration for new apps , which it rolled out in the past few months to make it easier for developers to better market their software and services to Android users .
Welcome to Playtime ! on Android Developers Blog
Read next : Adobe Photoshop Fix lets Android shutterbugs retouch photos like the pros
PoliZette Media Censors Hillary Health Concerns Questioning Clinton 's fitness to serve can now jeopardize careers
Many in the media have declared merely questioning the health of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is off-limits — to the point where doing so can be a career-jeopardizing move .
David Seamon said over the weekend that they have been barred as a contributor to The Huffington Post for suggesting that Clinton 's health could be an issue . They said the website also deleted two articles they had written .
“ The irony in all this is Trump is much more accessible to the media than Hillary . ”
Advertisement
“ It 's chilling . I still have n't really absorbed it , ” they said in a video posted Sunday .
Two articles still appear on Seamon 's author page at the liberal news site : “ Hillary Clinton 's Health Is Superb ( Aside From Seizures , Lesions , Adrenaline Pens ) , ” and “ Donald Trump Challenges Hillary Clinton To Health Records Duel. ” Click on either , however , and the reader gets a message that the articles are no longer available .
Seamon noted that # hillaryshealth has trended on Twitter , and they added that they linked to a YouTube video uploaded by a user named Paul Watson purporting to show Clinton suffering some sort of muscle spasm . Seamon said it has been viewed 3.5 million times .
“ So , it was a very newsworthy thing for me to link out , ” they said . “ People are talking about it . That hashtag has been quite popular . ”
[ lz_jwplayer video= “ vkdbl4dI ” ads= ” true ” ]
Advertisement
The Huffington Post 's decision to cut ties with Seamon comes on the heels of CNN 's announcement that it is parting ways with Dr. Drew Pinsky , an on-air presence for the last six years on radio and Headline News . The move came days after Pinsky expressed concerns , based on Clinton 's released medical records , that they are getting substandard health care .
Tim Graham , director of media analysis at the Media Research Center , told LifeZette that Pinsky 's departure comes as longtime host Nancy Grace is also leaving the channel . So it is not clear that the move against Pinsky was tied to their comments about Clinton 's health as opposed to a general rebranding effort .
But Graham pointed to a number of media reports questioning Republican Donald Trump 's mental stability and psychological makeup as evidence of clear bias in the coverage . Large , mainstream news sites have suggested that Trump is a narcissist and may have other psychiatric flaws . Some have questioned whether Trump 's election would put the nation at risk of nuclear war .
“ They do n't have a leg to stand on being disgusted by [ the raising of the ] Hillary health issue , ” they said .
Neither current major-party candidate has released detailed medical records to the public , opting instead on letters from their physicians declaring them healthy , with only limited information . Sen. John McCain , by contrast , released 1,173 pages of medical records when they ran for president in 2008 . Trump on Sunday proposed that both campaigns take similar steps to make detailed records available to the public .
[ lz_jwplayer video= “ tFKG2Tf9″ ads= ” true ” ]
Advertisement
While much of the press declares Clinton 's health an off-limits topic , they treat questions about Trump 's health as fair game . An interview that Trump 's doctor gave to NBC News last week blew up on Twitter , with journalists and the general public alike questioning whether the physician 's over-the-top assessment of Trump 's fitness is reliable .
Conservative watchdogs like the Media Research Center are not the only ones to notice the double standard . Mediaite , a news and opinion blog about the media run by liberal legal commentator Dan Abrams , published an article noting that CNN ran a pair of “ breaking news ” taglines literally minutes apart . One referred to “ debunked Clinton health claims , ” while the other sated that the letter from Trump 's doctor had drawn “ scrutiny . ”
Alex Griswold wrote in Mediaite that the evidence that Dr. Harold Bornstein 's description of Trump 's health is untrustworthy comes down to the fact that their hair is “ weird ” and that their letter contained grammatical errors and “ Trump-like hyperbole . ”
Griswold wrote that they do not believe theories that Clinton suffered serious brain damage during a fall in 2012 . But they added that questions about the health of anyone aspiring to be president are legitimate .
[ lz_related_box id= ” 185654″ ]
Advertisement
“ So the claims about Hillary Clinton 's health are ‘ debunked , ' as CNN put it , only by virtue of that letter from their physician , ” they wrote . “ But when Trump released a similar letter , theirs received an immense and unprecedented amount of scrutiny . ”
Some see a larger trend of media bias at work . The New York Times this month published a front-page story quoting reporters as saying that the normal rules of balance do not apply in covering Trump because they are uniquely dangerous . Vox founder Ezra Klein wrote that journalists are comfortable treating Trump like an “ alien . ”
Critics also point out that the auto-complete function on Google searches suggests options like “ health reform ” and “ healthcare reform ” and “ health care plan ” when a user types “ Hillary Clinton health. ” Microsoft 's Bing search engine , meanwhile , offers “ issues , ” “ problems , ” and “ rumors ” as suggestions .
[ lz_jwplayer video= “ gkIzDB6w ” ads= ” true ” ]
Over the weekend , CNN edited a Trump tweet , shown to viewers of “ State of the Union. ” Viewers saw : “ I think that both candidates , Hillary and myself , should release detailed medical records . I have no problem in doing so ! Hillary ? ”
Advertisement
The actual tweet read : “ I think that both candidates , Crooked Hillary and myself , should release detailed medical records . I have no problem in doing so ! Hillary ? ”
Without explanation , CNN scrubbed Trump 's patented nickname for Clinton — “ Crooked ” —from the tweet .
“ The irony in all this is Trump is much more accessible to the media than Hillary , ” said Graham , of the Media Research Center .
Tie Width – How Slim or Wide Should You Go ?
Q : “ I just bought my first slim-fit suit from Black Lapel . Do I need to slim down my ties to match my slimmer suit ? What 's a simple way to determine the width of my tie to match the rest of my suit ? ” – Mike E .
Skinny Tie Width
A : This is a common question , often framed the wrong way . “ What skinny tie width is in fashion these days ? ” “ What are your thoughts on ultra skinny ties ? ” ( No . ) “ How wide are the ties that Harvey Specter wears ? ” Instead of thinking about tie width by itself , It 's something you should consider in conjunction with your lapel width ( learn more about lapel width here ) . We 've said this before , and we 'll say it again , it 's about proportions . Choosing your tie width , much like choosing the other aspects of your favorite suit , should factor in its surroundings–your chest and shoulder size , the fit of your suit , dress shirt collar width , lapel width and your face shape . However , as our neighborhood oracle would say , “ Ai n't nobody got time for that ! ” Here 's a simple rule that 's easy to remember : Match the widest point of your tie to the widest point of your suit lapel .
( * Black Lapel 's slim and normal lapels are approximately 2.75″ and 3.25″ at their widest point respectively , so you would choose a tie width around 3.00″ at its widest point . )
It 's not an exact science and you can go up or down ( mismatch the width ) by about 0.25″ either direction , but this rule of thumb will help you achieve a more balanced look . Just do n't start looking for suits with 1.00″ lapels to match your uber-skinny tie .
Got a question to ask us on tie width ? Leave a comment below !
I spent a day in NYC and wanted to check out coffee places . Great coffee places !
Using a few Reddit posts and other sites , I compiled a list of coffee places I wanted to go to . I made a Google Maps route of the locations , went old school and printed out said map , and stopped by most of these places with a friend of mine .
It was a lot of fun and it was exciting to try new methods of brewing ( such as the Aeropress and the Clever Coffee Brewer … which most people do n't know about yet is really great ) , and the distinct flavors of beans ( Burundi coffee is very sweet and acidic , yet Bolivian coffee is robust and smooth ) .
I am sure there are other great places in NYC for coffee , but for a fun time with coffee enthusiasts , do a tour . You 'll be wired at the end , but you 'll have a greater appreciation for coffee .
Here is my coffee tour :
Hill Air Force Base F-35A Lightning IIs fly in formation over the Utah Test and Training Range on March 30 . US Air Force photo/R . Nial Bradshaw
The US Air Force said on Friday that a handful of F-35s would head to Europe as part of an initiative to deter Russian aggression .
According to an Air Force statement , the `` long-planned '' deployment marks an `` important milestone and natural progression of the F-35 program . ''
The F-35s will arrive in Europe at a time when Russian aircraft outnumbers— and in some cases can outperform— legacy US and European aircraft stationed there .
The F-35 , with its stealth design and unparalleled information-sharing capabilities , represents a huge step up for US air power , as it can improve the performance of legacy planes it flies with .
Though Russia has long tried to develop counter-stealth technologies and has even taunted the US about its considerable air-defense capabilities , F-35 pilots who spoke to Business Insider said the new fighter would deliver unprecedented capabilities .
The Air Force is also looking to scope out the European theater for long-term deployments , which it says would take place in the early 2020s .
Sanjūrokkasen-gaku ( Thirty-six Poetry Immortals framed picture ) # 3 : Ōshikōchi no Mitsune
In this Japanese name , the family name is Kanō .
Kanō Tan'yū ( 狩野 探幽 , 4 March 1602 – 4 November 1674 ) was one of the foremost Japanese painters of the Kanō school . Their original given name was Morinobu ; they were the eldest son of Kanō Takanobu and grandson of Kanō Eitoku . Many of the most famous and widely known Kanō works today are by Tan'yū .
In 1617 , Tan'yū was appointed by the Tokugawa shogunate to become the shogunate 's first official painter . [ 1 ] Over the following years , they were given many highly prestigious commissions . Over the 1620s and 1630s , they created a number of large-scale works for Edo Castle , Nijō Castle , Osaka Castle , Nagoya Castle , and Nikkō Tōshō-gū .
Prolific in a variety of painting styles , Tan'yū 's the most famous works are probably those they produced for these large-scale commissions . They are screens and panels , prime examples of the Momoyama style , depicting natural subjects such as tigers , birds and plants , in bright colors and with extensive use of gold leaf . The gold , often used to represent clouds , water , or other background elements , would reflect what little light was available indoors , brightening a castle 's dark rooms .
Tan'yū was also accomplished , however , in monochrome ink painting based on the prototypical style of the Muromachi period , yamato-e compositions in a style similar to that of the Tosa school , and Chinese style scrolls . Their most famous yamato-e work is a narrative handscroll depicting the life of Tokugawa Ieyasu , the first Tokugawa shōgun and major figure in Japanese history . It was after this commission , in 1640 , that the artist first took on the `` artist name '' of Tan'yū .
In addition to being a highly honored and respected painter in their own right , Tan'yū was known as a collector and connoisseur of Chinese paintings . They made sketches and kept records of many of the paintings that passed through their studio , brought to them for authentication .
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ `` Portrait of Kanô Tan'yû '' . e-museum : National Treasures and Important Cultural Properties of National Museums , Japan .
Kaputa , Catherine ( 1985 ) . `` Kanō Tan'yū . '' Kodansha Encyclopedia of Japan , Tokyo : Kodansha Ltd .
Share Pin Share Email Shares 0
The homebuyer tax credit closing deadline has been extended until September 30th , 2010 for those who were under contract by April 30th , 2010 . Details here .
Over the last year or so we 've had a lot of talk on this site about the homebuyer tax credit . It helped to spur activity in the real estate markets , bringing more first time homebuyers into the market than we 've seen for a long time . It also brought in a lot of current homeowners when the credit was extended to include people who already own a home . We watched last month as there was a flurry of activity as the deadline loomed for people to put in a purchase agreement for a house in order to beat the clock . My brother was one of those people who made their home purchase on the last day possible !
Homebuyer Tax Credit Deadline Is Looming
April 30th was the deadline to get a signed sales contract , and buyers still have until June 30th to complete the sale . Problem is a lot of people ended up putting in a signed sales contract for a short sale or foreclosure home , and the process is moving slower than they had hoped . In fact , many of them may not meet the June 30th deadline to complete the sale .
Now there is an ammendment to H.R . 4213 , “ the American Jobs and Closing Tax Loopholes Act of 2010 ” bill being considered that would give thousands of homebuyers extra time in order to complete their sale .
Homebuyers may get an extra three months to finish qualifying for federal tax incentives that boosted home sales this spring . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nev. , said Thursday they want to give buyers until Sept. 30 to complete their purchases and qualify for tax credits of up to $ 8,000 . Under the current terms , buyers had until April 30 to get a signed sales contract and until June 30 to complete the sale . The proposal would only allow people who already have signed contracts to finish at the later date .
The bill , which is being sponsored by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nev. , Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Ga. , and Christopher Dodd , D-Conn. , is currently under consideration . The bill would n't extend the time available to put in a signed sales contract , which has already expired , but simply extends the time available to complete the sale to September 30th .
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
Many Sales May Not Complete Without Extension
Realtor groups have been pushing hard for such an extension because they 're seeing more and more loans that are n't going to complete on time .
The National Association of Realtors has been pushing hard in Congress for the extension . Mortgage lenders , the trade group says , have been swamped with borrowers trying to get approved by the end of the month . Many potential borrowers are unlikely to make the deadline . “ Time is of the essence , ” said Lucian Salvant , a spokesperson for the group . “ It 's important for Congress to get this done , because there 's a whole bunch of loans that are n't ' going to close on time . ”
Kay Bell of Do n't Mess With Taxes talks about how something like this wo n't help future sales in any way , but that it may be needed to help with the high number of short sales that are pending currently .
The proposal would n't significantly affect future home sales since the extension would apply only to home buyers with a contract in hand by April 30.But it would help buyers involved in short sales , which have become a major alternative to foreclosures in Nevada , accounting for about 30 percent of home sales in Las Vegas alone . The process , however , typically takes four to six months and there 's been concern in the Silver State and elsewhere that these transactions would not be completed by the impending April 30 tax credit deadline . Housing data from a variety of sources indicate that the hike seen this spring in pending home sales might not necessarily translate into sales as many probably wo n't become final by the credit 's deadline . Housing Wire cites National Association of Realtors data showing pending sales grew 6 percent in April , following a 7.1 percent spike in March . Year-on-year , NAR says pending home sales are up 22.4 percent from April 2009 . Many of these latest buyers pushed their luck and bought in April in hopes that expedited mortgage paperwork would qualify them for the break . That 's not going to happen in many cases , said outlook and commentary services firm Econoday senior economist Mark Rogers .
So it sounds like a ton of people bought homes , and especially short sales , in the hopes that they could close on time . Now it 's turning out that they probably wo n't make the deadline . So now , if the bill is n't passed it 's forecast that many of these sales that were showing up on the reports may never be completed , simply because they were n't able to meet the original June 30th deadline .
The jump in pending home sales seen in April and even March — ahead of the first-time homebuyer tax credit expiration on April 30 — may not necessarily translate into sales , according to outlook and commentary services firm Econoday . By extension , the firm said , the “ unexpected strength ” in pending sales during recent months may not take as many homes off the market as initially suggested . “ Many pending sales may not have closed by the required [ tax credit ] deadline and will never close , ” said Econoday senior economist Mark Rogers in recent commentary .
So now it remains to be seen if Harry Reid and their co-sponsors can convince enough of their colleagues that this needs to be done . Reid 's own re-election changes may depend upon in part on getting this passed because of the high number of short sales in their area .
What do you think – should the deadline be extended past the June 30th deadline ? Or do you think those people who have n't been able to close yet just played it out too long and should be out of luck ? Tell me your thoughts in the comments !
The FOMC minutes released last week indicate that the Fed may overhaul its monetary policy benchmark rate – the federal funds rate . There 's been a problem with trading volume in the fed funds market for some time . The general explanation is that since the introduction of the IOER ( Interest On Excess Reserves ) , cash has moved out of the fed funds market and into the Fed . I would take it one step further . The main problem with the fed funds rate is that banking does n't represent all of the financial intermediation in the economy anymore . Much of that intermediation occurs through the Repo market , making Repo a more important overnight interest rate . But instead of scrapping the fed funds rate altogether , the idea is to redefine it . According to the Fed , “ the federal funds rate should continue to play a role ” * The question is : how do you redefine something that 's , well , already defined ?
The Problem With Fed Funds
The fed funds market is an overnight market for non-collateralized bank lending . Participants include banks , thrifts and the GSEs . The size of the market has shrunk considerably since the beginning of the financial crisis – from trading around $ 200 billion a day in 2007 to about $ 60 billion a day in 2012 and down to $ 40 billion recently . One reason for the dramatic drop in volume is the IOER . When the Fed started paying an above market rate for excess bank reserves , cash naturally moved straight into the Fed . However , not all fed funds market participants have access to the Fed . The Federal Home Loan Banks ( FHLBs ) are left out and stuck in the fed funds market , while the other banking institutions can deposit cash directly at the Fed . That leaves the cash lending side of the market dominated by the FHLBs and the borrowing side dominated by foreign banks . Shockingly , much of the foreign bank volume is attributed to the arbitrage between the fed funds market and the IOER – borrowing cash in the funds market and depositing it at the Fed ; earning a spread in the process .
New Definition
What the Fed wants to do is examine “ the possibilities for changing the calculation of the effective federal funds rate in order to obtain a more robust measure of overnight bank funding rates ” That is , they want to take into account a wider range of loans between banks . They 're basically three types of overnight bank loans – fed funds ( domestic ) , LIBOR ( foreign ) , and Repo – technically a different market but with bank participants . LIBOR – also called eurodollars – are dollar deposits held outside of the U.S. Those deposits can be anywhere : the Caribbean , Europe , Asia , etc .
The Fed Funds Effective Rate
It 's interesting that the FOMC specifically mentioned “ effective federal funds rate. ” The effective rate is the weighted average of overnight fed funds traded through the inter-dealer brokers . So the implication is clear , the FOMC wants to add an overnight LIBOR rate to the effective fed funds rate , generating a combined U.S. and foreign lending rate between banks . There are two issues here : First , the problem with combining a weighted average with a survey . Second , that the Fed might consider foreign interest rates for U.S. monetary policy .
The Pros And Cons
The U.S. dollar is a global currency and interest rates in foreign markets effect those in the U.S . So clearly , foreign U.S. dollar rates affect U.S. domestic rates . Also , the federal funds rate is the benchmark that 's been used for years , so it might be confusing for the market to change the benchmark rate just when the Fed is about to undertake a round of tightening with a large balance sheet . That could add uncertainly and unnecessary volatility to an already complicated process . Both good reasons to keep using fed funds .
On the other hand , there are some problems . Many U.S. banks take deposits from U.S. customers and book them in a Caribbean branch to avoid regulation . Including these transactions in the fed funds market would make some sense – even though many of these “ customers ” are n't necessarily banks . But where do you draw the line ? What markets for overnight bank funding transactions are relevant for the new definition of fed funds ? It 's like having a bad football team that 's losing all the time and then adding more bad players to the team . It does n't make a winning team .
If the Fed chooses to use a broader definition , the next stop is overnight LIBOR , which is calculated by surveying banks . Remember the LIBOR scandal ? Banks rigged LIBOR in order to make money for their own trading books . [ For the inside story on the LIBOR rate rigging scandal , see my book Rogue Traders . ] It would be very surprising if the Fed chose to base U.S. monetary policy on a rate that was being manipulated only a few years ago . Granted , the overnight rate was never manipulated and the survey was recently reformed , so we can assume the survey system is legitimate now . However , the benchmark rate used for monetary policy in the U.S. should be “ anchored ” by observable transactions . It 's also true that some of the inter-dealer brokers arrange trades in overnight eurodollars , but again , where do you draw the line ? Manipulation aside , there 's still a problem with calculating a global fed funds effective rate – the domestic portion is a weighted average and the international portion is a survey .
Then , there 's the philosophical question of whether the Fed should target foreign inter-bank lending rates , Caribbean locations aside . Should the Fed be managing dollar interest rates in other countries ? Yes , rates are connected and the the Fed should be conscience of dollar funding levels outside of the U.S . But are n't the other central banks responsible for the monetary environment within their own countries ? I see using LIBOR rates as crossing a line , a new responsibility for dollar rates in foreign countries .
Think of this – normally the overnight eurodollar and overnight fed funds rates trade at about the same level . However , during a financial crisis , LIBOR and eurodollar rates spike relatively higher . A higher effective fed funds rate would mean the Fed injects more liquidity in the U.S. market to make up for lack of liquidity in foreign markets , thus making U.S. overnight rates relatively too low during a crisis than the domestic U.S. monetary landscape warrants .
The Repo Rate Is No Longer In The Running
Earlier this year , we heard chatter and speculation that the Fed might replace the fed funds rate when it comes time to tighten . Fed Chair Janet Yellen said on February 27th that the Fed is considering a Repo rate to replace fed funds because such a change would give the Fed more control over short-term rates . Even Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher commented , “ It is my opinion that the fed funds rate is not the right tool going forward. ” A Repo rate is clearly better than fed funds . There 's been a decline in fed funds volume over the years for a reason . It 's just not as important anymore . The Repo market is a $ 4.5 trillion a day market and represents funding rates in both the banking system and the shadow banking system – the entire financial system . But that all changed last week with the release of the FOMC minutes . It appears Repo is no longer in the running .
* FOMC Minutes ; June 17-18
* * Financial Times ; “ Policymakers weigh benchmark rate rethink ” and “ US weighs makeover for Fed [ sic ] funds rate ” ; July 11 , 2014 ; Pages 1 , 3
Hello Rocksmith fans !
For the first time ever in a music game , @ TheMisfits will get the pack they deserve !
Let 's check out this week 's clue courtesy of RollingStone222
The worst line of dialogue in serial history .
cdeamonk , allow me…
Yup , @ TheMisfits are coming to Rocksmith , and it 's a four pack with their 1981 single , Halloween !
RollingStone222 explains the clue here .
Awesome !
Now , that you know why this is sort of a big deal you should also know they 've only had one song in a music game ever , and that would be Astro Zombies as a Guitar Hero 5 DLC in October 2009 .
What other songs could be joining this four pack ?
The below is speculation
I 'd say that 's a pretty sure thing to be appeared next week
This is more of a wish list pick than a sure thing as this is one of my favourite Misfits songs .
Whoa oh oh
It 's just evil all of the time
Are you excited about this addition to the Rocksmith library ? Or is Horror Punk a bit too simplistic for your advanced skill ? Let us know !
by Martin
In another end-run around the rule of law and the Constitution . The Obama administration is floating a trial balloon in the form of discussions at the EPA on banning lead ammunition . They are promulgating this under the ostensible reasoning that lead is a dangerous substance to the environment . Never mind that the facts do n't support that lead from bullets is having an adverse affect on the health of animal populations .
If lead bullets are banned , then the obvious substitute is copper which is a whole lot more expensive . More significantly , however , is the fact that copper jacketed rounds bullets made of materials other than lead are often classified as armor piercing – and are themselves banned .
The PETITION TO THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY TO BAN LEAD SHOT , BULLETS , AND FISHING SINKERS UNDER THE TOXIC SUBSTANCES CONTROL ACT has a photo of a dead Bald Eagle which supposedly perished due to lead poisoning , on the title page . This is an obvious ploy to use our national symbol for propaganda purposes .
Who is to say that the “ lead poisoning ” that this eagle succumbed from was n't simply from being shot ? Let 's just say , we 're skeptical about the veracity of those promoting this tripe . ( BTW , Bald Eagles are no longer on the endangered species list . )
H/T to Snowflakes in Hell for highlighting this scheme .
There is more information at the National Shooting Sports Foundation , which urges concerned citizens to :
1 . Submit comment online to the EPA . 2 . Contact Lisa Jackson directly to voice your opposition to the ban : Lisa P. Jackson
Administrator , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
1200 Pennsylvania Ave. , NW
Washington , DC 20460
( 202 ) 564-4700
Fax : ( 202 ) 501-1450
Email : jackson.lisa @ epa.gov
They also provide some useful “ ammunition ” to use in your correspondence .
* There is no scientific evidence that the use of traditional ammunition is having an adverse impact on wildlife populations . * Wildlife management is the proper jurisdiction of the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service and the 50 state wildlife agencies . * A 2008 study by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on blood lead levels of North Dakota hunters confirmed that consuming game harvested with traditional ammunition does not pose a human health risk . * A ban on traditional ammunition would have a negative impact on wildlife conservation . The federal excise tax that manufacturers pay on the sale of the ammunition ( 11 percent ) is a primary source of wildlife conservation funding . The bald eagle 's recovery , considered to be a great conservation success story , was made possible and funded by hunters using traditional ammunition – the very ammunition organizations like the CBD are now demonizing . * Recent statistics from the United States Fish and Wildlife Service show that from 1981 to 2006 the number of breeding pairs of bald eagles in the United States increased 724 percent . And much like the bald eagle , raptor populations throughout the United States are soaring .
Update 8/27 :
Ok maybe not lolbut if you know much about me you 'll realize that I was a major fan of the original Mighty Morphin Power Rangers . In fact , of all the rangers it 's Tommy the Green Ranger that really got me enthused for the show and really made me want to get into the martial arts . So this picture of the Green Ranger is in homage to all that show and Jason David Frank ( the Green Ranger ) inspired in my life.On a more technical note , I decided to take the general theme of the suits from the '95 movies and add a little bit of adjusting for a slightly more modern and realistic look . I always loved those movie suits and I wondered what the Green Ranger would have looked like had they been in the movie . So there it is ! Hope that answers and questions you have . Ultimately , I think they still hold the general look of the TV show , with a little movie flare and my own personal interpretation added to it . Enjoy ! # greenranger # mightymorphinpowerrangers # powerrangers # pinkhavok # blakehenriksen # blakehenriksenart
Dear Pa ,
I know you care deeply about many issues , especially social justice . You 're tired of wars , you 're ashamed of the attempts to destroy social programs in this country , you hate seeing the unions that helped you as a worker provide for our family get dismantled by wealthy CEOs whose only goal is to make themselves and their cronies more wealthy . These are noble things to believe in , and values that you 've instilled in your children .
But you probably do n't often consider how you select and digest ( and frequently , share on Facebook ) the stories that you 'll accept as true . This is called cognitive bias -- sorry , that 's a terrible article for a layperson , but I 'd be happy to discuss next time I 'm home . Anyway , the bottom line is that the beliefs you already hold prime you to accept certain types of information , and reject others -- and it 's something everyone should be aware of when reading anything on the Internet , especially . You do n't investigate how the authors of articles and videos you read and view came to their conclusions , or what data they may have overlooked ( I 'm being generous here -- in most of the things you post , it 's not a matter of `` overlooking '' contradictory evidence on the case of the authors , it 's flat-out denial that it even exists ) . And you 're not an expert on health issues like fluoride or vaccines , so I do n't expect you to go back to the journal articles and try to figure out if these people you 're listening to are telling the truth . That 's what I do , but it took years of training to get me to this point , as you probably remember .
You repeatedly caution , `` follow the money . '' Often this is the case , and no one disagrees that many times people or companies do some nasty shit in the name of profit . However , you have to look at this on a case-by-case basis . Let 's look at vaccines , for instance . Sure , pharmaceutical companies make money off of vaccines . However , this money is a fraction of what they make for drugs that treat chronic conditions or `` lifestyle '' medicines , like cholesterol meds and Viagra . Indeed , many pharmaceutical companies have gotten out of the vaccine game altogether because it 's not particularly profitable , and because of lawsuits directed against them ( which , in most cases , are n't based in science but on fear and misunderstanding of cause and effect ) . This leaves us with fewer and fewer options when we need new vaccines quickly , like for the H1N1 pandemic in 2009 .
So , we 're agreed that vaccines are potential money-makers for pharmaceutical companies ( though , comparatively , not a lot ) . Let 's look now at those who started the most recent iteration of vaccine panic , including Andrew Wakefield . Wakefield is the British doctor whose study first drew an association between the measles/mumps/rubella ( `` MMR '' ) vaccine and autism . Except , first of all , it really did n't if you look at the original article . And , you might note that article has a big `` RETRACTED '' notice at the top . This means that the journal took away its support of the paper -- it shows that it never should have been published . That 's because , for that study and several others , Wakefield lied about data , unethically recruited test subjects , and/or just outright made shit up . Why might they do this ? Well , a British lawyer had paid them to find evidence of this connection between MMR and autism , so that the lawyer could sue on behalf of the parents . Oh , and did I mention that Wakefield stood to make money for a replacement for the MMR vaccine as well ? Follow the money indeed -- though in this case , it did n't lead to the pharmaceutical companies . Wakefield was tried in England and stripped of their medical license , but has since moved to the United States and still spreads misinformation about vaccines .
What about other anti-vaccine players ? Jenny McCarthy has made millions selling books about how they `` cured '' their son Evan of their autism . Joseph Mercola makes millions selling dietary supplements ( untested and largely unregulated , by the way ) , and lives in a two million dollar mansion . I know you 've criticized creationists ; well , these people are the creationists of the medical field . They distort , they cherry-pick their evidence , and they cause the public to lose confidence in credentialed scientists because of their writings . Credentialed scientists like myself , who carry out the vast majority of this research but certainly do n't live in million-dollar homes .
And you 're helping the Mercolas of the world -- every time you post something like your `` Italian court rules MMR vaccine causes autism '' picture . Guess what `` evidence '' that court used ? Andrew Wakefield 's discredited study . In science , this is an error even a first-year PhD student would be embarrassed to make . Not surprisingly , the decision is being appealed . But in the meantime , every parent who ( wrongly and unscientifically ) believes that vaccines caused their child 's autism is being buoyed by this court , whose decision is being trumpeted by people like Mercola and Mike Adams at Natural News ( another supplement-pusher like Mercola , with no medical expertise or training ) . Every time someone buys into their anti-vaccine line and chooses to buy their supplements instead of vaccinating their child , it puts other children in danger . And you 're helping them .
Know the results of this vaccine backlash ? Research dollars are diverted away from real causes of autism and other conditions . And kids are dying . Just in the U.S. , there have been more than 1000 vaccine-preventable deaths in the last 6 years , and over 100,000 vaccine-preventable illnesses . Freaking whooping cough has made a huge comeback in the U.S. A big reason for the resurgence of these diseases is because anti-vaccine myths and scares spread so easily between acquaintances -- in person , and on social media ; scares that you 're now perpetuating with your own posts . Sure , it 's a free country and you have every right to share these pictures and memes , but have you thought about the possible harm it might do to others when you click `` share '' ?
I know how crazy it drives you when Republican politicians ( and friends and relatives ) post pictures and stories that are flat-out wrong , about the deficit , the economy , `` Obamacare , '' and more . It makes you nuts how uncritically they quote Fox News . They do n't examine their own biases ; they do n't stop and think why they accept that Obama is the anti-Christ and that everything associated with them is evil , even if the facts clearly contradict their belief . Sure , they may know a lot , but it 's all from the same sources and it reinforces their pre-existing belief that Obama is Satan . Here 's the kicker : you 're doing the same thing . Yes , I know you 've watched a lot of YouTube videos on vaccines , and fluoride , and other health issues , but the ones you watch -- and accept -- are the ones that already appeal to the beliefs you 've accepted . This is n't how science works , or how evidence is fairly weighed . I know this can get messy , because again , you 're not one of those trained scientists and you do n't know how to navigate the literature and determine which studies are well-conducted and which ones are crap . So sometimes , you have to accept that there are people out there who have taken the time to do this in an unbiased fashion , and decide to trust them ( y'know , people like your daughter , perhaps ? Or thousands of other scientists and journalists who have studied these fields for many , many years ? ) , and look skeptically upon people like Mercola et . al . ( Follow the money ! )
I will be sending along some books I hope you 'll read with an open mind : The Panic Virus by Seth Mnookin , and Deadly Choices by Paul Offit . Both come into this from different backgrounds -- Mnookin is a journalist and new parent who was investigating vaccines , while Offit is a research scientist like myself who has worked in vaccines and infectious diseases their whole life . Both come to the same conclusions : vaccines are safe , and critical for public health . And before you google Offit and find that they hold a vaccine patent , ask yourself -- if I were to work on a vaccine at some point in my career , would you dismiss my authority and expertise for that reason ? Or would you be willing to look at the science behind it before making a judgement ?
Next discussion : the Illuminati . Baby steps .
Love ,
Tara
Like this ? Find me on Facebook and Twitter !
New Rule : Just because a country elects a smart president does n't make it a smart country . A few weeks ago I was asked by Wolf Blitzer if I thought Sarah Palin could get elected president , and I said I hope not , but I would n't put anything past this stupid country . It was amazing - in the minute or so between my calling America stupid and the end of the Cialis commercial , CNN was flooded with furious emails and the twits hit the fan . And you could tell that these people were really mad because they wrote entirely in CAPITAL LETTERS ! ! ! It 's how they get the blood circulating when the Cialis wears off . Worst of all , Bill O'Reilly refuted my contention that this is a stupid country by calling me a pinhead , which A ) proves my point , and B ) is really funny coming from a doody-face like him .
Now , the hate mail all seemed to have a running theme : that I may live in a stupid country , but they lived in the greatest country on earth , and that perhaps I should move to another country , like Somalia . Well , the joke 's on them because I happen to have a summer home in Somalia ... and no I ca n't show you an original copy of my birth certificate because Woody Harrelson spilled bong water on it .
And before I go about demonstrating how , sadly , easy it is to prove the dumbness dragging down our country , let me just say that ignorance has life and death consequences . On the eve of the Iraq War , 69 % of Americans thought Saddam Hussein was personally involved in 9/11 . Four years later , 34 % still did . Or take the health care debate we 're presently having : members of Congress have recessed now so they can go home and `` listen to their constituents . '' An urge they should resist because their constituents do n't know anything . At a recent town-hall meeting in South Carolina , a man stood up and told their Congressman to `` keep your government hands off my Medicare , '' which is kind of like driving cross-country to protest highways .
I 'm the bad guy for saying it 's a stupid country , yet polls show that a majority of Americans can not name a single branch of government , or explain what the Bill of Rights is . 24 % could not name the country America fought in the Revolutionary War . More than two-thirds of Americans do n't know what 's in Roe v. Wade . Two-thirds do n't know what the Food and Drug Administration does . Some of this stuff you should be able to pick up simply by being alive . You know , like the way the Slumdog kid knew about cricket .
Not here . Nearly half of Americans do n't know that states have two senators and more than half ca n't name their member of congress . And among Republican governors , only 30 % got their wife 's name right on the first try .
Sarah Palin says they would never apologize for America . Even though a Gallup poll says 18 % of Americans think the sun revolves around the earth . No , they 're not stupid . They 're interplanetary mavericks . A third of Republicans believe Obama is not a citizen , and a third of Democrats believe that George Bush had prior knowledge of the 9/11 attacks , which is an absurd sentence because it contains the words `` Bush '' and `` knowledge . ''
People bitch and moan about taxes and spending , but they have no idea what their government spends money on . The average voter thinks foreign aid consumes 24 % of our federal budget . It 's actually less than 1 % . And do n't even ask about cabinet members : seven in ten think Napolitano is a kind of three-flavored ice cream . And last election , a full one-third of voters forgot why they were in the booth , handed out their pants , and asked , `` Do you have these in a relaxed-fit ? ''
And I have n't even brought up America 's religious beliefs . But here 's one fun fact you can take away : did you know only about half of Americans are aware that Judaism is an older religion than Christianity ? That 's right , half of America looks at books called the Old Testament and the New Testament and can not figure out which one came first .
And these are the idiots we want to weigh in on the minutia of health care policy ? Please , this country is like a college chick after two Long Island iced teas : we can be talked into anything , like wars , and we can be talked out of anything , like health care . We should forget town halls , and replace them with study halls . There 's a lot of populist anger directed towards Washington , but you know who concerned citizens should be most angry at ? Their fellow citizens . `` Inside the beltway '' thinking may be wrong , but at least it 's thinking , which is more than you can say for what 's going on outside the beltway .
And if you want to call me an elitist for this , I say thank you . Yes , I want decisions made by an elite group of people who know what they 're talking about . That means Obama budget director Peter Orszag , not Sarah Palin .
Which is the way our founding fathers wanted it . James Madison wrote that `` pure democracy '' does n't work because `` there is nothing to check ... an obnoxious individual . '' Then , in the margins , they doodled a picture of Joe the Plumber .
Until we admit there are things we do n't know , we ca n't even start asking the questions to find out . Until we admit that America can make a mistake , we ca n't stop the next one . A smart guy named Chesterton once said : `` My country , right or wrong is a thing no patriot would ever think of saying ... It is like saying 'My mother , drunk or sober . ' '' To which most Americans would respond : `` Are you calling my mother a drunk ? ''
How Meditation , Placebos And Virtual Reality Help Power 'Mind Over Body '
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jutta Kuss/Getty Images Jutta Kuss/Getty Images
While researching the book Cure , science writer Jo Marchant wanted to understand how distraction could be used to nullify pain , so they participated in a virtual reality experiment .
During the first part of the experiment , Marchant sat , without distraction , with their foot in a box of unbearably hot water . `` It felt like a very intense burning pain on my foot when I just experienced it on its own , '' Marchant tells Fresh Air 's Terry Gross .
But then Marchant put on noise-canceling headphones and began to play a snow-and-ice-themed immersive video game that had been developed specifically for burn patients . This time , when the researcher applied the same burning pain to their foot , they barely noticed it .
Enlarge this image toggle caption Garry Simpson/Crown Garry Simpson/Crown
`` The researchers explained it as our brains only have a certain capacity for attention , '' Marchant says . `` If you 've got something that 's really commanding your attention , there 's less attention left over for experiencing the pain . ''
During the course of their research , Marchant also investigated the science behind the placebo effect , hypnosis , meditation , prayer and conditioning . They say that the healing power of the brain could offer a powerful complement to modern medicine . `` That 's a whole different approach to pain that I think tells us that drugs are n't the only answer , '' they say .
Interview Highlights
On harnessing the placebo effect to feel better
Cure A Journey into the Science of Mind Over Body by Jo Marchant Hardcover , 300 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming . How ?
One thing that people often do n't realize about the placebo effect is there is n't just one placebo effect . There are many , depending on what we think a treatment is going to do for us . So , for example , if you take a fake painkiller , that actually reduces pain-related activity in the brain and the spinal cord and it causes the release of natural painkillers in the brain called endorphins . And these are actually the painkillers that opioid painkillers are designed to mimic , so it 's working through the same biochemical pathway that a painkiller would work through . But if a patient with Parkinson 's takes a placebo that they think is their Parkinson 's drug , they get a flood of dopamine in the brain , which is exactly what you would see with the real drug .
Even with altitude sickness , for example , if somebody at altitude takes fake oxygen , you see a reduction in ... prostaglandins . ... These actually work to dilate blood vessels and they cause many of the symptoms of altitude sickness .
So what you see in all these different conditions is that taking a placebo , or , to be more accurate about it , our response to that placebo , can cause biological changes in the brain that actually ease our symptoms , and that 's not something that 's imaginary ; that 's something that 's underpinned by these biological changes that are very similar to the biological changes you get when we take drugs .
On possible explanations for why the placebo effect sometimes works
Some of it seems to have to do with stress and anxiety — if we feel that we are in danger or under threat , the brain raises its sensitivity to symptoms like pain . ... Whereas , on the other hand , if we feel that we are safe and cared for and things are going to get better soon , we can kind of relax , we do n't need to be so alert to these symptoms . So that 's one thing that might be at play .
There are also physiological mechanisms for example , conditioning . ... If listeners are familiar with Pavlov 's dogs , so this is the idea that a physiologist called Ivan Pavlov conditions dogs so that whenever they gave them their food they would make a noise , like ring a bell for example , and eventually they came to associate the bell with their food and they would salivate just to the sound of the bell . They did n't need the food anymore . We can all be conditioned to have different physiological responses to a stimulus like that , and that works not just for salivation , but for things like immune responses . So , for example , if you take a pill that suppresses your immune system , later on , if you take a similar looking placebo pill , even if there 's no actual active drug in there , your body will mimic that same response . Your body has learned that response and that just happens automatically ; it does n't matter what you believe about the pill .
On making sense of placebo responses
I do n't think we should be giving people fake pills . I think , first of all , there is some evidence that honest placebos still work , so there are studies in various conditions , for example — irritable bowel syndrome , headaches , hyperactivity disorder — where patients have received placebos but they knew they were placebos and still got a benefit from that . And that 's probably all down to things like just being in a trial , the feeling that you 're being helped can have those effects on the brain . So you do n't necessarily have to lie to people , but beyond that , I think what we need to do is try and understand what are the active ingredients of placebo responses — whether that 's expectation , which is then influenced by all different things , such as your previous experiences with treatment , what you 're told about a treatment , how sympathetic your physician is . There are all sorts of things that are feeding into how you 'll respond to that treatment . So I think we need to try and understand those things and think how we can incorporate those elements into medical care routinely , rather than , for example , relying on fake pills .
On how meditation and mindfulness can affect health
The basic idea [ of mindful meditation ] is that you try to focus on the present moment rather than worrying about the past or the future . ... There have been hundreds of studies on mindfulness now , and there 's very good evidence that it reduces stress and anxiety , and that it reduces symptoms such as chronic pain and fatigue . So that 's very well shown now in the analysis of lots of different studies , and that 's in healthy people but also in people with depression or people with serious illness . What there 's less research on is whether that feeds through into benefits for the immune system and sort of more physical health benefits , if you like .
There is some evidence suggesting that mindfulness meditation can make us more resistant to infection and that 's everything from winter colds to slowing the progression of HIV and that it gives people a better response , for example , than flu vaccine . There was another study suggesting that people with psoriasis responded better to their medication when they also had mindfulness training . ... But the studies so far are quite small , so it would be great to see more research on that .
On why slow , measured breathing helps with stress
With a stress response , the brain and the body are influencing each other in both directions , so if we see a danger then that 's going to make us feel stressed and one of the follow-ons from that is that our breathing is going to speed up . If you were to speed up your breathing on your own , you 'd probably start to feel a bit more aroused and on edge . And , equally , if you calm the breathing down , you 're kind of forcing your body into a more relaxed state and you will then experience probably fewer negative thoughts as a result . When we 're stressed , our brains almost come up with negative thoughts to try and explain why we 're stressed , if you like , if you 're kind of anxious or worried about something , all sorts of negative thoughts are going to pop into your head , but if you can just calm that down , then that 's going to have a beneficial effect on your mental state as well .
On how how stress can rewire the brain — and creates more stress
Your brain reflects the way that you think throughout your life . You kind of shape it by your thoughts and your behaviors . If you play violin for eight hours a day , then the parts of the brain responsible for helping you to play the violin will get larger . If you 're thinking stressful thoughts for the whole day then those parts of the brain are going to get larger and other parts of the brain will deteriorate . It 's kind of an irony because then the very brain circuits that we would need to try and counter that are no longer working as well as they should , so that 's why something like meditation can be helpful because just simply saying , `` Oh , I 'm going to change how I think now . I 'm not going to be as stressed now , '' does n't really work ; you have to change your brain over a long period of time .
LEEDS UNITED are in talks with St Etienne over a possible return for Max Gradel , the Yorkshire Post understands .
The 26-year-old , a popular figure during a near two-year stay at Elland Road , has been on the transfer radar of Brian McDermott for several weeks .
United 's manager is a big fan of Gradel and they have been told the planned buyout of a 75 per cent shareholding in the club by current managing director David Haigh is likely to release sufficient transfer funds to make a concerted move for the Ivory Coast international .
With that in mind , Leeds have opened talks with St Etienne over a possible return for their former Player of the Year .
It is not the first time the Yorkshire club has been interested in bringing Gradel back . The most recent came at the start of 2013 but Leeds got no further than an initial enquiry about a possible loan move .
St Etienne were not keen and the interest soon fizzled out . Gradel also later admitted that while a return to United was something they fancied in the future , they were committed to helping the French club reach the Champions League .
Now , though , United plan to test that resolve with a concrete bid for a player who has 18 months to run on a reputed £20,000 per week wage with St Etienne .
McDermott has felt for sometime that their squad lacks width and pace . Repeated attempts have been made to try and change that since the summer but none have come to fruition .
The capture of Gradel , who netted 25 goals in 84 appearances at Leeds , would solve those deficiencies at a stroke , hence why the United manager is so keen to push a deal through .
Those attempts , though , hinge on the prospective new owners of the club completing a deal to acquire a 75 per cent stake .
GFH Capital , the Dubai-based firm that bought United from Ken Bates on December 21 last year , has accepted an offer from the consortium , which is led by Haigh and features several high-profile business people .
It was revealed last week that a share acquisition agreement between the group - which the Yorkshire Post understands includes Andrew Flowers , the managing director of current shirt sponsors Enterprise Insurance - and GFH Capital had been signed .
The next hurdle for the Haigh-led takeover to overcome is securing approval from the Football League for a second change of ownership in as many seasons .
This is not expected to be a problem and sources close to the group hope everything can be concluded early in the New Year .
Under the terms of the deal , GFH Capital will retain a minority stake . Chairman Salah Nooruddin , who along with GFHC and Bahrain 's International Investment Bank is United 's current other major shareholder , will remain involved .
Providing nothing happens to de-rail the Haigh-led takeover , United will then be able to step up their interest in Gradel .
Such a move is bound to be popular with supporters , who voted the Ivorian as the club 's Player of the Year in 2010-11 .
That was United 's first back in the Championship after three years in League One when only a late collapse in form denied Simon Grayson 's side a play-off place as they finished seventh .
Leeds scored 81 goals that season , a tally beaten only by Norwich City , and Gradel was a big part of their attacking threat .
They netted 18 times to finish as second highest scorer behind Luciano Becchio . They also created countless other chances as a key attacking prong in a 4-2-3-1 formation that also featured Jonny Howson and Robert Snodgrass in advanced positions .
Gradel was arguably Grayson 's best signing as Leeds manager . Initially brought in on loan from Leicester City during what proved to be United 's promotion season , Gradel joined on a permanent £200,000 deal in January , 2010 .
They featured prominently during the run-in , though then blotted their copybook by being sent off in the final day promotion decider at home to Bristol Rovers .
Much to Gradel 's relief , Leeds won 2-1 in their absence and that set the stage for the outstanding campaign that ended with them being crowned Player of the Year .
They joined Saint Etienne for £2m shortly before the end of the summer transfer window in 2011 after Leeds decided to cash in on a player who was in the final year of their contract .
Should Leeds be successful in their quest to bring Gradel back to Elland Road , McDermott would be looking for the wideman to supply the ammunition for a frontline that has overcome a slow start to hit the goal trail in recent weeks .
Ross McCormack leads the way with 17 goals in all competitions , the highest total by any Championship player . Matt Smith also has seven goals to their name , two of which have come in United 's last two games to earn high praise from their manager .
On the striker who joined in the summer on a free transfer from Oldham Athletic , McDermott said : “ Matt Smith , as a player they are young in terms of their football . But I just think they are getting better all the time . There was one move in the first half ( in Saturday 's 3-0 win at Doncaster Rovers ) which I just felt was terrific centre-forward play .
“ He popped it out to Ross and then got into the box to meet the cross with a header . They are not just a player who can head it . They bring people into the game and they are getting better all the time .
“ He is starting a run of games now and they are exactly where we want them to be . They are scoring their goals , they are a very good player and they want to get better , as do all the lads . ”
richard.sutcliffe @ ypn.co.uk
BUDAPEST , Feb 8 ( Reuters ) - Hungary 's embassy in Moscow issued thousands of business visas to Russian citizens in 2013 without properly documented checks , leading to `` serious ( visa ) abuses and visa shopping '' , according to an internal report of the Hungarian foreign ministry .
The ministry said on Wednesday it had passed the report to the police and a small opposition green party , LMP , which sent a copy of the document to Reuters and other media , said it had called for a full investigation into suspected corruption .
Hungary is part of Europe 's open-border Schengen zone , which means somebody receiving a visa to visit the country automatically earns the right to enter any of the other 25 member nations .
LMP , which said it won a lawsuit against the foreign ministry to obtain the report , released the document a week after a visit to Budapest by Russian President Vladimir Putin that highlighted warm ties between Budapest and Moscow .
The ministry report , dated Dec. 5 , 2013 , says that between Jan. 1 and Nov. 26 , 2013 , the embassy in Moscow issued 8,481 business visas , many of them based on invitations from a Hungarian wine company , Monte Tokaj Kft .
`` Around 40-45 percent of the business visas issued in 2013 in Moscow ... were issued on the invitation of the Hungarian wine company , inviting Russian citizens of unclear financial background and profession to Hungary , '' the report said .
It said the visas , which allow applicants entry for 90 days over a one-year period , had been issued in a way that pointed to `` visa shopping '' , meaning some of those receiving a visa never visited Hungary , but went to other Schengen zone member states .
After an internal investigation , the ministry said controls were tightened at the Moscow embassy in 2013 and the business visa accreditation of Monte Tokaj Kft was withdrawn .
According to company records , Monte Tokaj Kft is now under liquidation . It could not be reached for comment on Wednesday .
The foreign ministry told Reuters there had been no similar problems regarding the issuance of visas since 2014 .
`` Since ( Foreign Minister ) Peter Szijjarto has been heading the ministry there have been no such problems , '' the ministry 's press chief said in an emailed reply to Reuters . ( Reporting by Krisztina Than ; Editing by Gareth Jones )
Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
Update at 11:21 a.m . ET : Senate Majority Harry Reid , speaking on the Senate floor , said an agreement had been reached on spending cuts , but that the issue of women 's health , a reference to the dispute over funding Planned Parenthood , was the sticking point .
Reid said `` now the Tea Party among others , they are the biggest push , is trying to push its extreme social agenda , issues that have nothing to do with funding the bill . ''
More from our colleagues at On Politics and The Oval .
Earlier post : Only hours before a possible government shutdown , House Speaker John Boehner indicated no agreement had been reached , saying that Senate Democrats should do `` the responsible thing '' and pass the House budget bill .
`` When will the White House and Senate Democrats get serious about cutting spending ? '' the Ohio Republican said .
Only moments later , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said on the Senate floor , `` We 're very hopeful we can reach agreement on the budget today . ''
Reid told reporters earlier today that both sides had agreed on a spending cut of $ 38 billion , but that a fight over federal dollars for Planned Parenthood is blocking a deal . Boehner 's aides have denied that .
Boehner and Reid failed to reach a breakthrough during their meeting late Thursday with President Obama at the White House .
Obama had called upon both sides to give them a response this morning on whether they could bridge their differences and avoid a shutdown .
Two New Zealand snorkelers were mystified when they found a strange-looking , all-black , two-legged fish on a white sea floor in a bay near Auckland .
Two New Zealand snorkelers were mystified when coming across a bizarre , all-black , two-legged fish on a white seafloor in a bay near Auckland .
So James Beuvink , 20 , and their girlfriend , Claudia Howse , 19 , scooped up the specimen and put it into the boat 's livewell where it started slowly walking around , according to Fairfax Media .
“ It had these little legs … I 'd never seen anything like it , ” Beuvink told Fairfax Media . “ It was pretty chilled out . It 's not the biggest fish I 've ever caught , but it was certainly the strangest . ”
They eventually sent the fish to the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa in Wellington , New Zealand , where collection manager Andrew Stewart examined it and put photos of it on Facebook , where it started gaining world-wide attention .
In an email to GrindTV , Stewart identified the specimen as a striped anglerfish , also popularly known as a striped frogfish .
“ The last time this species was sent to us was 2008 , which gives you an idea of how 'rare ' they are here , ” Stewart wrote . “ Elsewhere , the striped anglerfish is very common especially in the tropical and subtropical waters from the Atlantic , Indian and Pacific Oceans .
“ The Frogfishes family ( Antennariidae ) are rare in our waters and seem to be at their southern limits of tolerance , water temperature-wise . They are taken as single captures , and have only been found along the east coast of the northern North Island . ”
What struck Stewart as “ very unusual ” was the fact this striped frogfish was completely black . They are often brightly colored .
“ This is the first time I 've seen one jet-black , with no body markings at all , ” Stewart told Fairfax Media .
“ This particular species is strongly striped , and those stripes extend inside the mouth . So even when it 's sneaking up and its mouth is open , its prey just does n't get an inkling of what 's about to happen to it . ”
That 's because of the incredible speed at which it can catch prey .
“ Frogfishes have the fastest bite of any vertebrate , ” the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa wrote on its Facebook page . “ Their mouths expand at the speed approaching a .22 rifle bullet — and that 's in a medium 800x denser than air . ”
The lure on its dorsal fin is used to attract smaller fish , which wo n't know what hit them when the frogfish decides to strike . It opens its mouth , swallows its prey and closes its mouth again all in six milliseconds .
More from GrindTV
Researchers developing blood test that would remove guesswork from concussion diagnosis
Study says ocean to have more plastic than fish by 2050
Meet three guys from Philly who are riding dirtbikes to the tip of South America
The Tampa Bay Lightning announced it will be participating in a rookie tournament in Coral Springs along with three other NHL teams . The tournament will be held at the Saveology IcePlex , the practice facility of the Florida Panthers . The Lightning will be participating along with the Panthers , Nashville Predators , and Boston Bruins .
Tournament games will be played September 6-8 , with Tampa Bay playing one game each day for a total of three games .
The Lightning will prepare for the rookie tournament by opening camp on September 4 at the Tampa Bay Times Forum . The Bolts will hold another practice on September 5 before traveling south to Coral Springs for the tournament . Both practices at the Forum are free and open to the public .
Twenty four players will represent the Lightning at the rookie tournament including a multitude of the teams ' hottest prospects going into the season , including third overall selection in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft , Jonathan Drouin .
Adam Erne , another 2013 draftee , will also be participating in the tournament . It will be interesting to see how well Erne plays , especially after their impressive performance at the USA World Junior Championship Evaluation Camp in Lake Placid , NY earlier in August .
College free-agebt signings Andrej Sustr and J.T Brown will both be participating . Brown played in five games with the Lightning in the 2011-2012 season and Sustr played two games in Tampa Bay , but more importantly , both helped the Syracuse Crunch reach the Calder Cup Final last season .
The Lightning 's goaltenders for the rookie camp include invitee Eric Brassard and Kristers Gudlevskis . Gudlevskis was drafted by Tampa Bay in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft .
Some other Tampa Bay prospects participating in the tournament are Vladislav Namestnikov , Tanner Richard , Nikita Kucherov , Slater Koekkoek Cedric Paquette , Dylan Blujus , and Nikita Nesterov .
Left off of the rookie tournament roster was Brett Connolly , Richard Panik , Ondrej Palat , and Tyler Johnson who have not only graduated from the developmental ranks . They 'll be gearing up for Lightning training camp which is less than three weeks away .
Below is the full game schedule and for the Lightning at the rookie tournament . All games are free and open to the public but fans must register at FloridaPanthers.com/trainingcamp and print out a ticket prior to attending .
Date Time Opponent
Friday , Sept. 6 2 p.m. Nashville Predators
Saturday , Sept. 7 Noon Boston Bruins
Sunday , Sept. 8 4 p.m. Florida Panthers
PROJECTED LIGHTNING ROOKIE CAMP ROSTER
There was no concealing how far RIM 's fortunes had declined . Its net loss for the second fiscal quarter , which ended Sept. 1 , was $ 235 million — better than the $ 518 million loss in the previous quarter , but a steep fall from the net income of $ 329 million in the same quarter a year earlier . Shipments of BlackBerrys last quarter were 7.4 million , compared with 10.6 million a year earlier .
The company said revenue in the most recent quarter was $ 2.9 billion , up from $ 2.8 billion in the first quarter though down 31 percent from $ 4.2 billion a year ago . Analysts had expected a far steeper year-on-year drop in revenue of 41 percent and some feared that the company had dipped into its cash holdings . But RIM actually increased its cash thanks to sharp cost-cutting .
Photo
As a result , RIM 's stock jumped more than 20 percent in after-hours trading . In the regular session , before its announcement , it closed at $ 7.14 a share . RIM 's shares have been as high as $ 24.74 over the last year .
Several analysts said they were now focused on next year . The new smartphones will be based on a new and more sophisticated operating system and are promised for the first calendar quarter of next year .
“ I do n't think anything good can come out until they release BB 10 , aside from selling the company or something else in the strategic review , ” said Peter Misek , an analyst with Jefferies & Company .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
But Shaw Wu , an analyst at Sterne Agee , said the dominance of Apple and Android had closed the window of opportunity for RIM 's BlackBerry 10 strategy and turned the company 's last great hope into its biggest problem .
“ It 's about survival now , it 's not about BlackBerry 10 , ” said Mr. Wu , who is based in San Francisco . “ That 's almost secondary . The battle now is staying alive and looking after your current customers . It 's not really clear that their core customers are looking for BlackBerry 10 . ”
Unless BlackBerry 10 is an exceptional hit , which is far from certain , Mr. Wu said that RIM might be able to continue for only one or two more years . Some analysts had expected that the company would report that subscriber growth had stalled . At a developers ' conference earlier this week , Mr. Heins said that the number of BlackBerry users had instead grown to 80 million , up from 78 million .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Unlike other smartphone makers , RIM continues to directly profit from every active BlackBerry handset long after its sale . RIM receives monthly subscription fees from carriers for every BlackBerry in exchange for routing the phone 's data through its own , closed network . Under normal conditions , the network allows RIM to provide high security for corporate and government users and it reduces the amount of wireless data consumed by all BlackBerrys .
But it became apparent in the conference call that growth was driven by sales in markets like South Africa and Indonesia where prices and service revenue are low .
“ They 're pushing the subscriber base up by offsetting the loss of very high-value customers in markets where it 's critical to build momentum now , ” said Charles S. Golvin , an analyst at Forrester Research . “ It 's a matter of the market getting away from them . ”
A landless peasant activist has been found dead in Brazil 's Amazon state of Para , the fifth murder in a month believed to be linked to the conflict over land and logging in the country 's rainforest region .
The body of the victim , Obede Souza , was found over the weekend in the dense forest surrounding their home in the landless settlement of Esperanca , near the town of Pacaja .
Timeline :
Amazon killings May 24 : Jose Claudio Ribeiro and wife Maria do Espirito Santo May 27 : Adelino Ramos May 28 : Eremilton Pereira dos Santos June 2 : Marcos Gomes da Silva June 9 : Obede Souza
Police said on Tuesday that the activist was killed by a gunshot to their head outside their home and that an investigation was under way .
Witnesses who did not want to give their name told Hilario Lopes Costa , a co-ordinator for the watchdog Catholic Land Pastoral [ CLP ] in Para , said they saw four men in a pickup truck asking for Souza .
They and Souza 's wife are now afraid for their lives as well , Costa said .
Within the last month , four activists have been shot to death , along with a witness to two of the murders .
Members of a national police force , created by the federal government earlier this month to control violence in the region , took the body to the state capital , Belem , for an autopsy .
It was returned on Tuesday for burial . They could not be immediately reached for comment .
However , the state law enforcement agency in charge of land conflicts , the Agrarian Conflict Delegation , is not participating in the investigation , a spokesperson said .
Environmentally sensitive region
Souza , 31 , was part of a landless settlement that occupied unused farmland in 2008 , setting up a camp whose name , Esperanca , means Hope .
They had been farming a small plot there alongside their wife and three children , while waiting for the government land redistribution programme to recognise their claim .
There was public outcry after the killing of José Claudio Ribeiro da Silva and their wife [ Reuters ]
Costa said that in January , Souza got into an argument with a representative of loggers who are illegally harvesting wood in the region . They knew they were in danger from then on , said Costa .
`` There is in this region a really dangerous group of loggers , '' said Costa .
`` He had a fight with one of them over the cutting of these trees , and they were marked man from then on . ''
The CLP monitors the threats made by loggers , ranchers and farmers to silence protest over illegal extraction of wood and the violation of land rights in the environmentally sensitive region .
More than 1,150 rural activists have been killed in conflicts over land and logging in the last two decades , and the group has a list of 125 activists who know their lives are in danger .
The increase in execution-style killings has led to an outcry in Brazil and the creation of a working group to monitor the region .
Paltry local police forces have also been reinforced with officers from the federal police , highway patrol and national guard .
On May 29 , Brazilian police confirmed the killing of an Amazon environmental campaigner , Adelino Ramos , who was known for openly denouncing those who illegally fell trees in the rainforest .
Ramos ' death came barely a week after another Amazon environmental activist , José Claudio Ribeiro da Silva , and their wife were killed .
Can a trans woman in the process of becoming authentic advance trans equality while simultaneously setting back women 's equality in the broader sense ?
Eric Sasson , writing in The New Republic , put it well , with the headline mimicking Neil Armstrong from Tranquility Base , Luna -- `` One step forward for Caitlyn Jenner , one step back for womankind . '' Six weeks after their coming-out interview with Diane Sawyer we now have the authentic Jenner for the world to see -- Caitlyn on the cover of Vanity Fair . Them boudoir cover girl pose , recalling the starlets of the 30 's and 40 's . Introducing their new name , Caitlyn , disconcertingly more characteristic of millennials than Medicare recipients . The roll out set a new record for the Twitterverse , generating more new followers per unit time than anyone before her , including President Obama . Clearly they know how to market themselves well .
There 's been a lot of chatter in the trans community about this coming-out event , with many vociferously defending their right to do it their way . I agree -- none of us gets a veto , and few have any input at all . Feminists who believe in full women 's empowerment , as I do , can not honestly deprive them of their agency in this matter . I also imagine many of us would kill to be shot by Annie Leibovitz , showing us our 30-year-old ( photoshopped ) selves that never were , and it 's hard to begrudge an American icon that privilege .
Where we can weigh in , though , is on the potential consequences of their actions . They humbly stated in April that they are not a spokesperson for the trans community , and that they hope they can make a positive contribution . Like it or not , however , they are now the world 's most recognizable trans woman , with no one else close in second place . That stature brings with it a great responsibility .
My concern , and my disappointment with their coming-out profile , was them doing so in a boudoir , pin-up girl pose . Yes , she 's gorgeous . Not bad for an old lady , and we should all look as good when we obtain our Medicare cards . But they could have , as the professional they are , presented themselves in a manner that did not slide in so smoothly with the routine sexual objectification of the American woman , and that opens her , and by extension the rest of us , to the claim that she 's playing out an erotic fantasy .
There are those , such as Drs . Michael Bailey and Ray Blanchard , about whom I 've recently written , who believe just that . This presentation , even when it succeeds as a marketing bonanza , plays right into their hands . We saw the pre-transition Bruce Jenner back in April ; now in June we 're treated to a sex kitten .
We all know that Jenner , like most of us , were all once children who understood our transgender selves . That their struggle , as narrated to Diane Sawyer , began as a child in Tarrytown , New York , and was carried out in secret for nearly six decades . Facts like that get lost , however , when people who have never known anything about the transgender experience see Bruce one day in a shlumpy oversized polo shirt and then Caitlyn in a merry widow . Explaining the years it takes for a woman to fully transition gets lost in this rapid `` now you see me , then you did n't '' sleight of hand .
This is not to say that trans women are n't sexual beings with erotic feelings . Just as the gay community needed to bury their sexuality to present the full spectrum of the complexity of gay men and women , so have trans women needed to publicly subsume their sexuality to change the terms of the debate . Cisgender straight men and women do n't have the same problem , though all women have to deal with oversexualization , commodification and objectification . Keeping in mind that not only is they a woman but a part of the greater community of women might bring sufficient understanding to them to consider the larger ramifications . Rhonda Garelick puts it well in today 's New York Times :
The French writer Simone de Beauvoir famously wrote that `` one is not born a woman , one becomes one . '' They were referring to the innumerable embellishments , codes of behavior and self-censoring acts required by femininity , the turning of the self into a prestige commodity . In becoming a woman before our eyes , Caitlyn Jenner proves that little has changed since 1949 , when de Beauvoir wrote those words . To be admired in the public eye , to be seen , a woman must still conform to an astonishingly long , often contradictory list of physical demands -- the most important being that they not visibly age .
Trans women , uniquely among all women , have had to fight for recognition as females from a culture averse to scientific reality . In that atmosphere it is all the more important that we navigate the cultural shoals of gender expression and the codes of femininity with greater awareness of the impact of our actions .
When trans persons were finally included in the consideration of sex discrimination under Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act , I proudly stated that while I was no longer a 4th class citizen , I remained a 2nd class one with all my sisters . However important the battles against transmisogyny are , they are only a small part of the still overwhelming misogyny prevalent in American culture that impacts all women .
We 've seen the same trans self-centeredness when a group of trans men demanded that women 's reproductive rights groups amend their language to exclude `` women '' in order to be more inclusive , ignoring the far greater impact of right-wing hostility on the reproductive autonomy and health of women . Similarly we 've seen a small number of trans men trying to change the language used by women 's colleges , even though , arguably , as self-identified men , they should n't have been accepted in the first place . Such behavior is particularly egregious when many of those women 's schools had n't even been willing to accept trans women at that time .
People have been calling Jenner a hero , a champion , and a role model . I have n't heard anyone call them a leader , a title which they have wisely to date refused to embrace . But the reach of their public exposure , even before the Kardsashian machine goes into full gear , makes them a de facto leader , and that necessitates a strenuous effort on their part to put the community 's needs over their personal ones . This is understandably not an easy thing to do during their second puberty , but they owe it to the community to temper their behavior with some mature self-awareness .
If you had to pick a beauty icon it would be Lizzie McGuire < 3 ( Picture : Nickelodeon )
Being a noughties teenager was the best thing ever . Mostly because everything we owned in life was shimmery , glittery and bright – especially our make-up .
Here are the 19 products we all had in our ( Hello Kitty ) make-up bag .
1 . Argos make-up set
Circled in the catalogue back in October , it was one of these bad boys that had pride of place in our bedrooms . So many lip glosses to apply with a lip brush ( wtf ? ) , so many eye shadows . Dreamy .
2 . Pink shimmer lip glosses
They all looked like this , they were all pretty much the same shade , they all collected hairs and dust around the lid , and your favourite one tasted like strawberry .
3 . Maybelline Dream Matte Mouse
You could get it for a fiver and it soaked up all of that lovely teenage oil that puddled up on your face , cute .
4 . Anything Natural Collection
Advertisement
Advertisement
Your mum would happily buy you a new eye shadow from this Boots brand because NATURAL is in the name . It can do no harm . Plus , it had a pretty daisy logo .
5 . Claire 's glitter hairspray
And if you went shopping on a Saturday a shop assistant would spritz it in your hair for free . Saturday night sleepover hairstyle sorted .
6 . So… ? Kiss Me perfume
This was pretty much the most solid way to ensure your crush came near you at the school disco . How could they resist when you smelt as sexy and sassy as this , eh ?
7 . Hair mascara
Standard . Every babe needed blue highlights .
8 . Collection 2000 liquid eyeliner
Applied at least five times before a house party to really nail a dramatic eye , obvs .
9 . Lip Smackers
Because how else were you going to stopped chapped lips , eh ?
( Picture : Lip Smacker )
10 . Lip Smacker roll-on lip gloss
These were of vital importance to your lip well-being , also .
( Picture : Lip Smacker )
11 . Lip smacker liquid
And these beauties which literally just tasted like putting syrup on your lips , and you normally just licked it off before re-applying . Sassy .
( Picture : Lip Smacker )
12 . Maybelline Great Lash Mascara
It was the only mascara to have fun packaging , so you went with it .
13 . Anything from Sabrina 's Secrets magazine
Hey , you could get an entire make-up set worthy of a make-up artist if you could just collect every single issue .
14 . Eyeshadow palletes
As long as it included blue or purple and looked like this , you wanted it . Desperately .
15 . Impulse body spray
Advertisement
Advertisement
As far as you were concerned this was the same as that ‘ antiperspirant ' thing the PE teachers were banging on about ; it just smelt nicer .
16 . Clear mascara
Surely it just did the same job as the black stuff but did n't leave you with panda eyes if you accidentally rubbed your face ?
17 . Barry M glitter pots
They were damn expensive at £4 each but they just transformed your eyes into something that Britney would be proud of .
( Picture : Barry M )
18 . Roll-on glitter
There was no point even showing up to the year 7 disco unless you had this slathered across your chest and arms .
19 . Coloured mascara
Because black was boring . You wanted to be bright and fun and cool and hip .
MORE : 23 TV programmes all noughties kids secretly miss
MORE : 32 things you definitely had on your 15th birthday wish list
Advertisement Advertisement
Yesterday VRFocus reported on Bandai Namco producer Katsuhiro Harada supposedly confirming Summer Lesson support for the HTC Vive head-mounted display ( HMD ) . They were at the recent HTC Vive Developer Summit held in Beijing , China last week and images circled online of screenshots of videogame being shown . Confirmation news for HTC 's headset then started to appear , when the title had been slated as a PlayStation VR exclusive . Those stories have now been debunked by Harada themselves on Twitter .
The producer tweeted today : “ Huh ! ? It is completely wrong article . I DO N'T release for vive . It 's Just “ VR study case ” . It did seem unusual that more fanfare had n't been made about Summer Lesson arriving on a different headset , and now those reasons have been revealed .
Summer Lesson was originally announced at Sony Computer Entertainment Japan ( SCEJ ) annual pre-Tokyo Game Show ( TGS ) conference in 2014 , when PlayStation VR was code named Project Morpheus . While the videogame is still exclusive to SCEs PlayStation VR , the possibility of Summer Lesson being released outside of Japan are slim .
The last official details revealed came prior to this year 's TGS conference , when a re-edited trailer appeared . VRFocus will continue to follow the progress of PlayStation VR and Summer Lesson into 2016 .
The North Country Sportsmen 's Club in Williston is a trap shooting club . It has been at its present
location for decades . Recently the Town of Williston has taken action to illegally order the club to
cease firing on the range . The letter below was sent to several town officials several days ago .
The day after this letter was sent by E-mail , two officers from the Williston Police Department
arrived at the NCSC property , which was conducting normal Sunday trap shooting activities .
The club was issued a $ 250.00 citation for a violation of a 2004 Williston noise ordinance , which as
related in the letter , is superceded by the 2006 amendment to the Vermont Sportsmen 's Bill of Rights
and is not in compliance with the Town of Williston Firearm Discharge Ordinance , as amended in 2011 .
The citation issued to the NCSC is an attachment to this E-mail . Any future citations can be in the
amount of $ 500.00 . Which could drive any club in Vermont out of business .
The personnel of the NCSC and the Vermont Federation of Sportsmen 's Clubs have taken several acts
to inform the Town of Williston officials the municipality its actions against NCSC are wrong and illegal .
If you believe the Town of Williston should comply with state law and its own fire arm discharge
ordinance , you can call the town hall at 802-878-5121 or 802-878-0919 or by E-mail with polite message :
“ Town of Williston : Please Stop Illegal Actions to Close the NCSC ”
vtroys @ comcast.net
tkenney @ vermontattys.com
ingramdeb @ comcast.net
jeff.fehrs @ state.vt.us
macaig @ msn.com
rmcguire @ willistonvt.org
dbeckett @ willistontown.com
Vermont Federation of Sportsmen 's Clubs , Inc .
Proudly Serving Vermont Since 1875
16 Millstone Blvd. , Barre , VT 05641
www.vtfsc.org
Richard McGuire
Town Manager – Town of Williston
7900 Williston Road
Williston , VT 05495
May 9th , 2015
The Town of Williston has been interacting with the North Country Sportsmen 's Club ( NCSC ) with regard to the shooting performed at this existing sport shooting club . The Town has been referencing a noise ordinance dated 10/25/2004 as its source of authority to regulate shooting at the NCSC .
The Town of Williston failed to note that in 2006 the Vermont Legislature amended 24 V.S.A . § 2291 ( 8 ) so as to prevent municipalities from regulating firearm discharge at existing sport shooting ranges as defined in 10 V.S.A . § 5227 .
The NCSC was and remains such a protected existing sport shooting range . In addition , the Town of Williston has failed to recognize its own Firearm Discharge Ordinance amended on 8/15/2011 , which acknowledges in Section V that it does not have the authority to regulate an existing sport shooting range , such as the NCSC as referenced below :
SECTION V – EXEMPTIONS – ACTS AUTHORIZED BY STATUTE
This ordinance shall not apply to the discharge of firearms by police officers , sheriffs constables , game wardens and other statutorily designated law enforcement officers in the performance of their legal duties . This ordinance shall not be construed to limit any rights or immunities to discharge firearms in the defense or protection of person or property provided by Vermont Statutes . Nor shall this ordinance apply to the discharge of firearms on any existing sport shooting range , as defined in 10 V.S.A. , section 5227 .
The Town of Williston has attempted to impose a set of regulations that by state law it is barred from enacting . On Sunday , May 3 the Town of Williston went so far as to dispatch its police officers to the NSCS property to order the end of shooting at a trap shooting event .
The NCSC officials declined to cease shooting so the officers departed , but later they returned to order a halt to the perfectly lawful trap shooting event . The NCSC officials again declined to stop shooting , and the officers demanded to be told of the identity of all of those present . When the NCSC officials declined The police told the NCSC officials they would subpoena the identity of those present at the trap shooting event .
At the Town of Williston Select Board meeting on Monday evening , May 4 , it was stated by a citizen that the Williston police officers had recorded the license plate numbers at the trap shooting activity on the previous day . During that meeting , I identified myself and my affiliation with the Vermont Federation of Sportsmen 's Clubs , and I informed both the town manager and the entire select board that it did not have the lawful authority to regulate the shooting operations at the NCSC .
All of the Town of Williston officials present were informed as to the restrictions imposed in 2006 by 24 V.S.A . § 2291 ( 8 ) , that NCSC was protected as an existing sport shooting range per 10 V.S.A . § 5227 , and that the Town of Williston was not in compliance with its own Firearms Discharge Ordinance amended in 2011 .
At the Wednesday , May 6 PM trap shooting activities at the NCSC law enforcement personnel of the Town of Williston arrived and demanded the lawful shooting activities cease . The police cited the 2004 noise discharge ordinance , displaying a copy of said ordinance .
The NCSC official present then produced a document which gave a counter position from the Town of Williston to the police .
The Town of Williston does not have the lawful authority to regulate the shooting activities as per 24 V.S.A . § 2291 ( 8 ) and 10 V.S.A . § 5227 .
The Town of Williston Firearm Ordinance bars it from regulating the perfectly legal trap shooting activities . Yet , the Town of Williston continues to aggressively act to enforce such restrictions to the point of sending police officers to the NCSC property not once but three times to unlawfully order an end to lawful trap shooting activities . The police officers further demanded to identify of citizens engaged in a lawful activity on private property . The police threatened to subpoena to identify of these citizens and according to another citizen at the above said select board meeting recorded the license plate numbers of the vehicles present at the NCSC on Sunday , May 3 .
Where a use pre-dates an ordinance-based restriction , and where that use was entirely legal prior to the ordinance and has continued without cessation , the owner has a vested right to continue that use and the ordinance can not deprive the property owner of the right to continue that use – or else the scenario becomes an unconstitutional taking of property . Rutland v. Keiffer,124 Vt. 357 ( Vt. 1964 ) .
The Town of Williston must immediately end its demands to the NCSC with regard to its shooting operations . The Town of Williston must end the use of its police officers to impose a termination of shooting at perfectly lawful shooting operations and the demands of its officers to be told to identify of those present and to threaten to subpoena the club for those identities must immediately end .
The Vermont Federation of Sportsmen 's Clubs takes the protection of the Vermont Sportsmen 's Bill of Rights and the protection of its member clubs very seriously . Seriously enough that the Town of Williston should become familiar with 42 USC 1983 .
Sincerely ,
Evan Hughes
VP – Vermont Federation of Sportsmen 's Clubs
802-272-8544 vtguns @ aol.com
A varied group of individuals is assembled in a circle , discussing numerous subjects , when a single word manages to elicit a sudden discrepancy in response : patriarchy . Several women nod , one or two men remain quiet , and a few let out an exasperated sigh . It is clear that this subject means more than one thing to the participants in the group . I have experienced a similar situation : some people associate the subject with their own societal struggles , while others feel immediately bombarded or reluctant to comment .
Why the lack of mutual agreement ?
As is with any topic , the serious subject of the patriarchal society is discussed and analyzed both correctly and incorrectly , with some lines tentatively drawn . Certain individuals will approach the topic rationally , while others play into emotions and ignore studies and intellectual works . No single group is at fault : there are women who blame men for deeply rooted societal issues , and there are jaded men who refuse to listen to well-constructed arguments after hearing an uninformed one . In this particular discussion , I would like to highlight the responsibility of both men and women in opening the issue of patriarchy and toxic masculinity , which refers to the harmful effects of the patriarchy on men . A discussion on the patriarchy is incomplete without the acknowledgement and analysis of its effects on men . Addressing these effects allows individuals to develop a broadened understanding of the topic and encourage men to feel comfortable in their masculinity rather than trapped in it .
To begin a brief look into toxic masculinity and its influence on men , we can first take a look at a documentary by The Representation Project titled `` The Mask You Live In , '' which shows boys and men being bombarded by ideas of hypermasculinity , violence , and a need to assert a dominant and inherently misogynistic role in society . The trailer addresses the suppressed emotions within men that can lead to mental illness , homicidal and suicidal actions , and a problematic association of respect and violence . By highlighting the ways boys are forced from a young age to separate themselves from women through ideals of apathy , violence and aggression , the video sparks conversation about the pain buried deep within male bodies and the inability to target the source of the issue .
A false and commonly imposed view of masculinity is that it avoids all things feminine ( or societally viewed as feminine ) . Immediately , this concept forces sexes into harmful roles , and both sexes are pressured to abide by definitive standards . For women these roles pose many limits , and such limits are articulated and made available through many books and online sources ( if you wish to familiarize yourself ) . However , this discussion will focus on the male and how they are told from a young age to suppress their emotions , communicate with apathy and violence , and refute any remotely feminine concept .
What are some specific ways that toxic masculinity affects men ? I will provide a variety of prevalent harmful stereotypes : Men are strong and therefore showing emotion is not compatible with strength . Men are only interested in sex and are not interested in parenting or raising children . Men must be prepared for violence and expected to react violently in order to assert power and dominance . Men must avoid being emasculated : this means condemning `` frivolous '' things such as cute animal videos , sugary drinks , and appearance-related hobbies . Men must always know what to do and be leaders . For every woman who is wrongly taught to use their appearance to seek a wealthy man , a man is taught to overwork themselves so that they can be viewed as a money object . It is shameful for a woman to lead a man . A submissive man is not a real man , and real men exude confidence which can be seen in a physical strength , superior knowledge and aggressive behavior .
Heard any of these before ?
Ideas that reinforce toxic masculinity encourage violence in men as a direct response to proving the anti-feminine , and such violence can result in serious crimes and incarceration . Once incarcerated and making up 93 percent of prisoners , men are faced with environments of sexual harassment and assault , elevated hypermasculine assertions of aggression , and minimal or nonexistent support for mental illnesses that result . The prevalence of prison `` rape jokes '' is a constant reminder of our inability to treat sexual violence against males as the horrible crime it is .
Furthermore , toxic masculinity prevents men from seeking help after sexual assault , especially since male victims are seen as weak , emasculated and robbed of a contrived identity . A lack of support for male victims can contribute to several violent reactions , whether in the form of suicidal and homicidal violence or general aggression toward others . Because the anger response is engrained and normalized , it is commonly observed in males who otherwise have no way to cope with the crushing weight of unrealistic expectations .
Studies claim that “ males take their own lives at nearly four times the rate of females and comprise approximately 80 percent of all suicides , '' making it clear how much of a toll this forced identity takes on individuals . For the males who do not attempt or commit suicide , there is a stigma attached to receiving counseling , talking about feelings and showing affection toward male friends . This closeness and necessary human support is deemed `` feminine '' and discouraged among males , leading not so surprisingly to attitudes of . . . that 's right , you guessed it—homophobia and transphobia ! Transgender visibility is somehow seen as threatening to the traditional hypermasculine identity , and it confuses men who have been taught to view masculinity and femininity in such concrete terms . These specific gender stereotypes thus encourage violence against those who do not conform , which is yet another example of physical violence that results from a toxic mentality .
Self-proclaimed political essayist and cultural critic Chauncey DeVega addresses toxic white masculinity by noting that `` toxic white masculinity defaults to violence as a means of maintaining social and political control . It clings to guns as a symbol of “ real ” male identity . It fears women as equals ; it lashes out at non-whites who are somehow “ stealing ” white men 's jobs and power . Toxic white masculinity sees “ liberals , ” “ progressives , ” “ social justice , ” and “ feminism ” as enemies—out of a fear that “ white masculinity ” will somehow be made obsolete or extinct . '' The initial response to a subject like this is is often anger and denial , especially from those who feel that they are being `` called out . '' However , calling attention to the concept is separate from placing the blame on groups of individuals . Says DeVega , `` Denial and anger are a very normal reaction when an uncomfortable truth is called to account . '' The topic will always remain far from comfortable , but this is the point . For the sake of men and women , it is necessary to point out how society functions by taking false ideas of masculinity and favoring certain individuals over others . A man can be privileged in their gender and ethnicity and still suffer the violent repercussions of a hypermasculine society . Male suffering as a result of toxic masculinity is not acceptable and deserves attention .
A Time article focusing on modern masculinity proposes that men and women work together to dissolve false gender stereotypes and create a society that ameliorates male and female struggles . Due to toxic masculinity 's forceful separation of genders and fostered animosity between sides , it is certainly a challenge to break the bonds that keep many men and women in their stereotyped prisons . The article advises men and women to work on encouraging paternity leave , stay-at-home dads , and men in traditionally female professions , as well as for the media to reshape the image of the `` typical man . '' This man is usually portrayed as irresponsible , sexist and aggressive , and it is this man that dominates the television screen and speaks to young males . A different male persona must emerge in the media : one who is responsible , caring and dedicated to their family . Educationally , we must examine curriculums that favor one gender over another and stereotype certain careers as masculine and others feminine . By bringing men into the conversation and addressing not only the negative effects on women but on men as well , we can hopefully build better relationships and heal the damage we have all done .
For those who are in denial , I will reiterate : Men are sensitive , caring , creative , emotional and capable of forming healthy and close relationships with one another . Men are not inherently violent , angry , sex-crazed , irresponsible , apathetic or aggressive . There is no need for men to always be in charge and in control , nor is there shame in not knowing what to do . Male sexual assault victims deserve validation and appropriate support . Those who suffer mental illnesses deserve support . Men can do any and ever single thing that is deemed `` feminine . '' `` Feminine '' characteristics and activities are constructed as such and have absolutely no bearing on a man 's character . . . they should be able to enjoy whatever they choose and maintain a positive sense of self . Men can show their strength through other actions besides aggression , violence and physical stature—in fact , men do not have to prove their strength at all . As true as all of these statements are , it will take a lot more than acknowledging the pressure on men to alleviate it . Men and women will have to directly work against the normalization of toxic masculinity for people to begin to realize the toxicity of gender stereotypes .
It is not a question of whether males or females have it `` worse , '' as both genders are affected by toxic masculinity . It is not a question of who to `` blame '' for the existing problems of today . On the contrary , the subject should encourage both genders to observe how toxic ideas emerge and are normalized and taught to children from a young age . Both men and women can understand and seek to dismantle the ways our society forces men and women into dangerous categories and perpetuates violence and apathy on both sides . Every single individual is responsible for acknowledging the widespread dangers for both genders and actively seeking to change the ways boys are forced into aggression and girls into submission .
Syrian Electronic Army 'Hack ' Of The NYTimes Was The Exact Remedy MPAA Demanded With SOPA
from the and-it-was-a-joke dept
2011 's Stop Online Piracy Act would have let copyright holders require Internet providers to use DNS redirection to block access to allegedly infringing sites . That authority would inevitably have been abused in social-engineering exploits -- and we 'd likely see a lot more outages like the NYT 's .
If this sounds familiar to you , perhaps it 's because Domain Name System ( DNS ) blocking was part of the original draft of SOPA . DNS blocking was suggested as a remedy to take entire allegedly infringing foreign websites down , but yesterday demonstrated that people can still navigate to sites through their IP address , even when domain name servers are offline . This is consistent with a major critique of the DNS blocking during the SOPA debate : that it would n't even work . Some SOPA supporters had argued in response that “ it would be a mistake to assume , as some of these network engineers have , that the average Internet user has the above-average technical skills necessary to do this. ” But yet , people did yesterday . * If people want to access a website , they can figure it out pretty fast , and without needing any significant technological skills .
There were many , many concerns related to SOPA and PIPA when they were proposed , but the absolute biggest was the use of DNS blocking as a `` remedy '' against sites where it was alleged that infringement was a primary purpose . Of course , as tons of technology experts points out , any form of DNS filtering or redirecting would be a security nightmare and would do almost nothing to actually stop infringement.As you may have heard , this week the Syrian Electronic Army was effectively able to `` take down '' nytimes.com by engaging in a bit of DNS hacking , which was really nothing more than a DNS redirect . As Rob Pegoraro points out , this is the same basic remedy that the MPAA wanted so badly with SOPA . In fact , during the negotiations over SOPA ( after it became clear that its companion bill in the Senate , PIPA , was stalled over the DNS blocking issue ) , this was the issue the MPAA refused to budge over : DNS blocking/redirectsto be in SOPA . As Pegoraro writes , if SOPA had become law , we likely would have seen the law abused to take down sites just as the Syrian Electronic Army took down nytimes.com : At the same time , Ali Sternburg , over at the Disruptive Competition Project points out that this also shows just how laughably ineffective DNS blocking/redirecting would have been in SOPA ( despite the MPAA 's insistence that it was necessary ) , because it 's so easy to get around and many , many people did . It may have been an inconvenience , but it was hardly the game changer the MPAA predicted.So it 's somewhat ineffective for blocking ( though , very effective for drawing much more attention to what you want blocked ) . It was a dumb idea by the technologically illiterate folks at the MPAA to suggest a form of DNS hacking as any kind of remedy to copyright infringement , and the NY Times redirect hack just made that even clearer .
Filed Under : dns redirect , hacking , sopa , syrian electronic army
Companies : mpaa , ny times
Publisher of BitTorrent for Dummies Suing BitTorrent Users for Illegally Sharing For Dummies Books
Photo : John Wiley & Sons , Inc .
In an effort to stop video piracy , movie studios have been suing people for copyright infringement for uploading movies using BitTorrent software . Now book publishers are joining the fray . TorrentFreak reports that John Wiley & Sons has filed a federal copyright lawsuit against 27 BitTorrent users who shared copies of its For Dummies books without permission . The book publisher is demanding compensation from the users , who have not yet been identified . Wiley has the users ' IP addresses , however.The most pirated For Dummies books are ( downloaded more than 74,000 times since June 6 , 2010 ) , and . TorrentFreak notes that -- interestingly enough -- the very popular bookby Susannah Gardner and Kris Krug is not mentioned in the lawsuit . That 's not a joke , by the way . Wiley really does publish a book called BitTorrent for Dummies that explains how to share copyrighted files without permission . Talk about sowing the seeds of your own destruction.You can see a copy of the lawsuit ( in pdf format ) here
SEOUL ( AFP ) - South Korean presidential front runner Moon Jae In came under fire Wednesday ( April 26 ) for saying they did not like homosexuality , prompting angry protests at a campaign event by gay rights groups .
Moon , a former human rights lawyer of the centre-left Democratic Party , leads opinion polls by large margins before the May 9 presidential vote and has enjoyed wide support from young liberal voters .
But their remarks over homosexuality during a televised debate Tuesday left many of their supporters scratching their heads .
`` I do not like it , '' Moon said when asked by a conservative rival whether they opposed homosexuality , adding they had `` no intention '' to legalise it or same-sex marriage .
Homosexual acts are not a crime in South Korea , but it remains a conservative and patriarchal society and does not recognise same-sex marriage .
Moon is a practising Catholic , a denomination normally associated with liberalism in South Korea .
Moon added that no one should be discriminated against due to their sexual orientation . But that comment did little to appease the LGBT ( lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ) rights activists who crashed their campaign event on Wednesday to protest .
They approached Moon after their speech , waving rainbow flags and shouting at them `` Apologise for hate remark ! '' and `` Are you opposing my own existence ? ''
Some were dragged away , with 13 detained for violating rules on public protest , according to pressure group Solidarity for LGBT Human Rights of Korea .
Gays and transgender Koreans live largely under the radar in a country that remains deeply conservative about matters of sexual identity and where many still regard homosexuality as a foreign phenomenon .
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily , no spam , no fuss .
Nintendo will be hosting several Amiibo-only tournaments on Super Smash Bros. for Wii U across Japan . Reported by Game Watch ( translated by Siliconera ) , the tournament will be held at various video game and toy stores in the country from March 14 .
Entering the tournament is free , although players will need to bring their own trained Amiibo . All participants will receive a branded folder . The tournaments will be held at the following locations :
March 14
Yodobashi Camera Multimedia Umeda 2F game department ( Osaka )
March 15
Toys R Us , Babies R Us Ichikawa shop store entrance ( Chiba Prefecture )
Wonder Goo Moriya shop game department ( Ibaraki Prefecture )
Over 5.7 million Amiibo figures have been sold since the toys were launched last year . Nintendo recently revealed that Japanese distributors had initially dubbed Amiibo too big and costly to be successful . The suggested retail price for select Amiibo figures was lowered down to $ 9.99 from $ 12.99 last month . A new wave of figures is expected to be released soon and includes Charizard , Pac-Man , Lucina , and more .
A winterlike storm that brought heavy rains and wind gusts up to 83 mph to the Bay Area caused damage throughout the region , including a mudslide in Oakland that forced a handful of evacuations and several reports of downed trees and power lines , resulting in power outages for least 100,000 homes and businesses .
var _ndnq = _ndnq || [ ] ; _ndnq.push ( [ 'embed ' ] ) ;
Related Articles 'Atmospheric river ' : When heaviest rain will hit
Rain arrives in the Bay Area ahead of ‘ atmospheric river '
Recent storms close East Bay bridge pedestrian access
'Atmospheric river ' storm may hit next week
In Sierra Nevada , some ski resorts report record February snowfall As of 5 a.m. , the heaviest rains and strongest winds passed through the Bay Area , according to Brian Mejia , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service . At 4 a.m. , the weather service cancelled the high wind warning and the high wind advisory for all Bay Area locations .
“ Typically we do n't get these types of storms in April , ” Mejia said . “ Typically this is something we would see in January or February . ”
As of 5 a.m. , 24-hour rainfall totals around the Bay Area include Santa Rosa 1.87 inches , San Francisco .92 inches , Oakland .83 , San Leandro .61 , Mountain View .59 and San Jose .35 . Higher elevations , including the Santa Cruz Mountains , received as much as 2.66 inches , while the wettest spot in the Bay Area was the rural community of Venado in Sonoma County , which received 4.39 .
The weather service recorded some staggering wind gusts in the Bay Area , including a high of 83 mph in Los Gatos , Mejia said . Other high recordings include Mt . Diablo 76 mph , West Los Altos Hills 72 mph , Saratoga 65 mph and the Oakland airport 62 mph .
“ Those are some of the impressive ones we received , ” Mejia said .
As of 6:30 a.m. , 42,805 PG & E customers in the Bay Area were affected by power outages caused by the overnight storms , according to utility spokesperson Jacqueline Ratto . The outages include 36,785 customers in the East Bay , 2,830 in the South Bay , 2,085 in the North Bay and 1,095 on the Peninsula .
Ratto said at least 100,000 customers were without power at some point , and PG & E crews had restored power to 75 percent of those affected as of 6:30 a.m .
Thursday night , some residents of an Oakland hills neighborhood evacuated their homes after a landslide in the 6700 block of Banning Drive . The slide directly affected two homes and forced seven homes ' evacuation as a precaution .
Heavy winds overnight brought down several trees and power lines throughout the Bay Area , including several reports in Newark .
At 5 a.m. , Newark police issued a shelter-in-place for several neighborhoods because of downed power lines . Residents in the area of Colbert Place between Mayhews Landing Road and Nancy Place , the area of McDonald Avenue from the 5400 block to Sandalwood Street , the area of Shorehaven Avenue from Bettencourt Drive to Shorehaven Place , and the intersection of Blackwood and Lakewood Drives were asked to shelter-in-place .
Thursday night , a downed tree blocked multiple lanes of Highway 84 just east of Newark Boulevard in Newark , according to the California Highway Patrol .
Although the brunt of the storm has passed , scattered showers are expected throughout Friday , Mejia said .
A “ weaker ” second round is expected Friday night , “ but it wont be as nearly as much , ” Mejia said . Showers are expected through Saturday morning , and then dry weather is expected Saturday afternoon and into Sunday .
A crew of heavily armed men robbed the Navy Federal Credit Union at 875 N. Randolph Street in Ballston Saturday morning , in a heist reminiscent of a Hollywood movie .
Three men who were wearing ski masks and pointing guns entered the credit union , located a block from Ballston Common Mall , just before 10:00 a.m. on Saturday , according to Arlington County Police spokesperson Dustin Sternbeck .
They shouted threats and forced the 13 customers in the business to lie on the ground . The men made off with several bags full of cash — an undisclosed but substantial sum of money — and were whisked from the scene of the crime by a getaway driver who was waiting outside , Sternbeck told ARLnow.com .
The suspects threw the bags ( minus the cash ) out of the car window as they made their escape to D.C. via I-66 , Sternbeck said , but they were apparently unaware that the cash contained a GPS transceiver . Metropolitan Police used the GPS signal to track the cash to a residence in Southeast D.C. , where all four men were arrested .
The FBI is investigating and the men may face federal charges , Sternbeck said .
13 June 2000 . Thanks to WK .
The Mirror ( UK )
Monday 12th Jun 2000
A SCHOOLGIRL has been bombarded with 250 emails sent to them by mistake by a Navy officer .
They include sensitive documents marked `` security restricted '' .
Claire McDonald , 15 , and their mum Sharon , 37 , alerted the Navy soon after the messages started arriving in December , but their warning was ignored and they continued to receive about 11 a week .
They said last night : `` I think it is appalling that this sort of sensitive defence material should be sent to me . ''
The emails were intended for Royal Navy Commander Jamie Hay , an information management specialist at the Defence Ministry in London .
They were sent by RN Commander Jim Dale who works at the Pentagon in Washington . They include :
-Cdr Dale complaining about communications problems on Britain 's two largest warships , the aircraft carriers Invincible and Illustrious ; -Cdr Dale discussing the merits of rival software systems being tested by the British and US Navies ; -A 64-page document on a defence information management system between the US , Australia , New Zealand , Canada and the UK - and how to keep the most sensitive details away from other allies ; -An 82-page document containing the entire information technology strategy for the New Zealand Navy .
One message contained a comic list of phrases to describe senior officers and managers .
`` Seagull manager '' was defined as `` a manager who flies in , makes a lot of noise , craps on everything and leaves ! ''
Claire , from Exmouth in south Devon , said : `` I use my computer for school work and only go on the internet to chat to friends occasionally . I am not any kind of hacker - this stuff just keeps arriving and I want it to stop . '' Exmouth Community College student Claire , who plans to take a computer course when they leaf school , added : `` I sent an email to Cdr Jim Dale but they replied telling me there must be a problem with my internet service provider . ''
The new computer security blunder follows another recent embarrassing incident when The Mirror recovered and returned a missing laptop , containing secrets , to the Defence Ministry .
Security experts in Britain and America are investigating the latest slip-up . Last night , the Ministry denied that any of the emails sent to Claire were secret .
A spokesperson for internet service provider Freeserve said : `` Customers register a domain and Claire chose this address and it belongs to them The Ministry of Defence have quoted the wrong address and it is their mistake . ''
Do you ever stop to marvel at the birds flying around your neighborhood or sitting on a tree branch in your local park ? You 're not alone .
Millions of birdwatchers around the globe have collectively been working for over a decade to create one of the world 's largest repositories of conservation data .
Launched in 2002 by the Cornell Lab of Ornithology and National Audubon Society , the initiative , known as eBird , tracks bird sightings on every continent except Antarctica . According to the project website , the goal is to share the information that 's collected “ with a global community of educators , land managers , ornithologists , and conservation biologists ” in hopes the data “ will become the foundation for a better understanding of bird distribution across the western hemisphere and beyond . ”
On May 14 , 2017 , avian enthusiasts from 145 countries participated in eBird 's second annual Global Big Day — an all-day “ coming together of the global birding community. ” All told , 15,953 participants identified 6,263 species of birds .
One of those participants was Diego Patiño , a carpenter in the small Ecuadorian village of Mindo . With nearly 600 bird species in the surrounding forests and hillsides , Mindo is an ideal location for birdwatching .
Rain or shine , Patiño ventures out to identify and count both common and rare birds as part of the eBird project , while also sharing their love of nature with friends and family .
As they say toward the end of the video , their goal is to pass on a love of birdwatching to future generations .
This video was filmed and produced by Julia Muldavin , a multimedia journalist based in Latin America who focuses on human rights , social resistance , and environmental and cultural conservation . They currently spend most of their time in Ecuador , working on a variety of stories in the Amazon and the Andes . Them work has been published by Fusion , AJ+ , CNN , The New York Times , Vox Media and numerous other media organizations . You can see more on Instagram @ juliamuldavin .
The Kālāma Sutta is a discourse of the Buddha contained in the Aṅguttara Nikaya of the Tipiṭaka . [ 1 ] It is often cited by those of the Theravada and Mahayana traditions alike as the Buddha 's `` charter of free inquiry . `` [ 2 ]
The Kālāma Sutta is also used for advocating prudence by the use of sound logical reasoning arguments for inquiries in the practice that relates to the discipline of seeking truth , wisdom and knowledge whether it is religious or not . [ 3 ]
Premise [ edit ]
The sutta starts off by describing how the Buddha passes through the village of Kesaputta and is greeted by its inhabitants , a clan called the Kalamas . They ask for their advice : they say that many wandering holy men and ascetics pass through , expounding their teachings and criticizing the teachings of others . So whose teachings should they follow ? They deliver in response a sermon that serves as an entry point to the Dhamma , the Buddhist teachings for those unconvinced by mere spectacular revelation .
The Kesariya Stupa is believed to be at the place where the Buddha delivered the discourse
Discerning Religious Teachings [ edit ]
The Buddha proceeds to list the criteria by which any sensible person can decide which teachings to accept as true . Do not blindly believe religious teachings , they tell the Kalamas , just because they are claimed to be true , or even through the application of various methods or techniques . Direct knowledge grounded in one 's own experience can be called upon . They advise that the words of the wise should be heeded and taken into account . They propose not a passive acceptance but , rather , constant questioning and personal testing to identify those truths which verifiably reduce one 's own stress or misery ( Pali : dukkha ) .
The Kalama Sutta states ( Pali expression in parentheses ) : [ 4 ]
Do not go upon what has been acquired by repeated hearing ( anussava ) ,
nor upon tradition ( paramparā ) ,
nor upon rumor ( itikirā ) ,
nor upon what is in a scripture ( piṭaka-sampadāna )
nor upon surmise ( takka-hetu ) ,
nor upon an axiom ( naya-hetu ) ,
nor upon specious reasoning ( ākāra-parivitakka ) ,
nor upon a bias towards a notion that has been pondered over ( diṭṭhi-nijjhān-akkh-antiyā ) ,
nor upon anotherseems ability ( bhabba-rūpatāya ) ,
nor upon the consideration , The monk is our teacher ( samaṇo no garū )
Kalamas , when you yourselves know : `` These things are good ; these things are not blamable ; these things are praised by the wise ; undertaken and observed , these things lead to benefit and happiness , '' enter on and abide in them . '
Thus , the Buddha named ten specific sources whose knowledge should not be immediately viewed as truthful without further investigation to avoid fallacies :
Instead , the Buddha says , only when one personally knows that a certain teaching is skillful , blameless , praiseworthy , and conducive to happiness , and that it is praised by the wise , should one then accept it as true and practice it . Thus , as stated by Soma Thera , the Kalama Sutta is just that ; the Buddha 's charter of free inquiry :
The instruction of the Kalamas ( Kalama Sutta ) is justly famous for its encouragement of free inquiry ; the spirit of the sutta signifies a teaching that is exempt from fanaticism , bigotry , dogmatism , and intolerance . [ 2 ]
However , as stated by Bhikkhu Bodhi , this teaching is not intended as an endorsement for either radical skepticism or as for the creation of unreasonable personal truth :
On the basis of a single passage , quoted out of context , the Buddha has been made out to be a pragmatic empiricist who dismisses all doctrine and faith , and whose Dhamma is simply a freethinker 's kit to truth which invites each one to accept and reject whatever they like . [ 5 ]
Rather than supporting skepticism or subjective truths , in the sutta the Buddha continues to argue that the three unwholesome roots greed , hatred and delusion lead to the opposite negative results , i.e . they are unskillful , blameworthy , etc . Consequently , behaviour based on these three roots should be abandoned . Moral judgements of actions can therefore be deduced by analysing whether these actions are based on the unwholesome roots or not .
The Buddha 's Assurances [ edit ]
The first and main part of the Kalama Sutta is often quoted , but an equally important section of the Kalama Sutta follows on from this . This section ( 17 ) features the Buddha 's four assurances , or solaces . The Buddha asserts that a happy and moral life would be correct even if there is no karma and reincarnation .
The disciple of the Noble Ones , Kalamas , who has such a hate-free mind , such a malice-free mind , such an undefiled mind , and such a purified mind , is one by whom four solaces are found here and now . 'Suppose there is a hereafter and there is a fruit , result , of deeds done well or ill. Then it is possible that at the dissolution of the body after death , I shall arise in the heavenly world , which is possessed of the state of bliss . ' This is the first solace found by him . 'Suppose there is no hereafter and there is no fruit , no result , of deeds done well or ill . Yet in this world , here and now , free from hatred , free from malice , safe and sound , and happy , I keep myself . ' This is the second solace found by him . 'Suppose evil ( results ) befall an evil-doer . I , however , think of doing evil to no one . Then , how can ill ( results ) affect me who do no evil deed ? ' This is the third solace found by him . 'Suppose evil ( results ) do not befall an evil-doer . Then I see myself purified in any case . ' This is the fourth solace found by him . The disciple of the Noble Ones , Kalamas , who has such a hate-free mind , such a malice-free mind , such an undefiled mind , and such a purified mind , is one by whom , here and now , these four solaces are found . [ 2 ]
On these four solaces , Soma Thera wrote :
The Kalama Sutta , which sets forth the principles that should be followed by a seeker of truth , and which contains a standard things are judged by , belongs to a framework of the Dhamma ; the four solaces taught in the sutta point out the extent to which the Buddha permits suspense of judgment in matters beyond normal cognition . The solaces show that the reason for a virtuous life does not necessarily depend on belief in rebirth or retribution , but on mental well-being acquired through the overcoming of greed , hate , and delusion . [ 2 ]
See also [ edit ]
Relatively expensive and underperforming . These words describing Canada 's health-care system are now widely accepted in political and medical circles – in contrast to what we heard as recently as a decade ago , when `` experts '' and politicians still insisted that Canada had one of the best systems in the world .
But is Canadian health care underperforming as badly as the Commonwealth Fund believes ? We can only hope not , because if the U.S.-based foundation is even remotely correct , Canada 's system needs even more work than had been feared .
Recently , the foundation released a comparative scorecard of 11 health-care systems in advanced industrial economies . The United States ranked 11th . Canada ranked 10th , its worst standing in the comparison since it began in 2004 .
Story continues below advertisement
The Commonwealth Fund focuses on U.S. health care but keeps an eye on other systems , if only to show Americans the weaknesses of their own system . If it has an agenda , apart from solid research , it 's to push for more public health care . It does not promote or favour an extension of private medicine . It 's not a right-wing group blasting away at `` socialist medicine . '' In this study , as in previous ones , it argues that `` the most notable way the U.S. differs from other industrialized countries is the absence of universal health insurance coverage . ''
Philosophically , therefore , it is in the same corner with countries having largely public systems , such as Canada . So when Canadians knowledgeable about health care read Commonwealth Fund reports – and they do – they pay less attention to its criticisms of the U.S. system and focus on Canadian comparisons to the other largely public systems . That 's the apple-to-apple comparison . Alas , the comparison is discouraging : Canada stands dead last among them .
Until this year 's report , the Commonwealth Fund had compared just seven countries : the United States and six others , including Canada . Canada had previously ranked fourth , fifth and sixth , with the U.S. always last . This time , the Fund added four more countries : France , Norway , Sweden and Switzerland . Not surprisingly , Canada ranked below them , plus the five other public health-care countries : Australia , Germany , the Netherlands , New Zealand and Britain .
No single international comparative study is definitive . Each one – and there are many – asks different questions , uses different methodologies , weights answers differently . Some are highly technical . Some focus on crunching numbers . Some focus on patient or provider surveys , which are by definition more subjective . Some try to blend approaches .
The Commonwealth Fund leans toward satisfaction surveys by health-care providers and patients . So it 's more subjective , for instance , than reports from the OECD , which are heavy on details of what services are provided , outcomes from medical procedures , the number of doctors , nurses , beds , long-term care facilities and the like . In the OECD survey , Canada scores high on cost but at least average in overall performance .
The Commonwealth Fund examines 80 indicators of performance , many of them based on patient surveys . Canadian respondents were by far the most numerous of any country , which suggests a somewhat greater accuracy than the results for other countries .
Of course , Canada was ranked last of the 11 for `` timeliness of care . '' Canada always comes at or near the bottom in many studies for long wait times – at all levels of service , from family doctors to specialists to surgeries to long-term care . In none of the categories does the Fund put Canada at the top . In very few categories is Canada even near the top .
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
We 'll see if Canada improves in future surveys . Some of the Fund 's survey questions were highly subjective . To their credit , provincial governments are pursuing long-overdue reforms . Without the false fix of more money and the phony rhetoric about Canada being No . 1 , people in politics and the health-care system are thinking about new and better ways of doing things . Measurable progress is evident in some places .
But other countries are n't standing still . The Commonwealth Fund study illustrates how much work remains for Canadians , and how other systems do work better .
Marijuana has long been on the minds and in the lungs of the people of Colorado . Back in November of 2000 , the state first approved Amendment 20 which allowed the use of marijuana for approved medical patients . Fast forward 14 years , and Colorado has a full blown legal marijuana market , now offering cannabis to both medical and recreational users . While marijuana has long been associated with the mile high city and the state of Colorado , 2014 was a historic year for the state 's relationship with the plant . This was the first year of implementation for recreational sales of marijuana and it was also a year that saw an extraordinary volume of growth to the state . While it 's impossible to know exactly how much marijuana legalization impacted the unprecedented growth in Colorado during the same year . Let 's find out if the sticky green herb is a major factor in attracting new residents or not .
Colorado Population Growth
According to the Denver Post , Colorado was the second fastest growing state in the country between 2014 and 2015 . Nearly 101,000 new residents called Colorado their home and people were flocking to Denver and other thriving small cities . Only North Dakota grew at a faster rate than Colorado during this period , which was almost all due to the oil boom that was going on up there .
The Green Rush
Many people are calling it the ‘ Green Rush ' which refers to the people who are moving to Colorado to take advantage of legal marijuana and the enormous amount of money it is producing for the state and the entrepreneurs who 've chosen to start a business in the cannabis industry . Over the last few years , marijuana has brought billions of dollars into the state . During 2014 , marijuana sales were over $ 700 million , which increased to $ 996 million in 2015 , and over a billion last year ! This translates to a lot of money in the pockets of both the government and the entrepreneurs who 've chosen to sell legal cannabis as well as the plethora of businesses who cater to the industry in general .
The Effect of Legalization on the Colorado Population
There 's no easy way to quantify the effect of the Green Rush on the Colorado population . Unfortunately there 's no one at the airport and borders of Colorado asking each new resident if they are moving to Colorado because of legal cannabis or not . Before marijuana went recreational in 2014 , the population had been growing , and while the last few years have certainly marked a surge in new residents , most experts speculate that marijuana has had only a small impact in convincing people to move to Colorado . That 's not to say that there are not some people who 've chosen to call Colorado their home for marijuana . Whether it 's for medical or recreational reasons , pot is popular and this extra perk of the lifestyle in Colorado could certainly tip the scales if a potential resident was trying to choose between two cities . There are also people who 've come to setup shop in Colorado and try to get a piece of the billion dollar pie . But all that being said , most experts agree there are other factors at play that have contributed more to Colorado 's growth than marijuana .
Why is Everyone Moving to Colorado then ?
Anyone who 's visited Colorado knows it 's a beautiful place to live , with an endless array of fun things to do . The mountains supply an enormous about of winter and summer activities and that combined with 300+ days of sunshine is reason enough for most to desire to live in Colorado . However , beyond the sun and fun that Colorado provides , one of the primary reasons why the population has been growing so much lately is due to the economic growth and abundance of new jobs in the state . The GDP in Colorado has some of the best growth in the whole country and in 2015 it was the 4th fastest growing state in the nation with 3.6 % economic growth . The Colorado job market has been growing faster and faster over the last few years and Denver has been considered a ‘ bright spot ' in terms of job availability . There are also a number of thriving smaller cities like Loveland , Fort Collins , and Greeley that have been growing steadily with good economic and job growth . There are more and more companies that are choosing to make Colorado their home which is a major factor in why everyone is moving to Colorado .
Having spent six years preparing for a lucrative deal supplying arms to Iraq , Ukraine seems to be about to breach the first part of the contract . Anna Babinets suspects external forces may be at play ...
Ukraine 's future as a major player in the arms trade is in the balance . Having landed the greatest contract in its history just over a year ago — to supply armoured personnel carriers and airplanes to Iraq — the country now seems strangely reluctant to deliver . An Iraqi delegation is due in Ukraine to collect the first installment of military equipment . Yet the indications are that they will go home empty handed ; and there is likely to be a major scandal if the contract is revoked .
According to both US Congress and the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute ( SIPRI ) for the past ten years , Ukraine has ranked among the top ten largest arms exporters in the world . They inherited the factories , technology and expertise following the demise of the USSR , a country that always tried to take the lead in everything , including the arms trade .
The BTR-4 armoured personnel carrier ( APC ) is intended to transport personnel of mechanized infantry units and to provide fire support in combat .
After gaining independence , Ukraine discovered that its military production capability exceeded its own needs , and decided to sell the surplus . One of the largest contracts Ukraine secured was in the 1990s - the sale of 320 tanks to Pakistan , in which the country gained 650 million USD ( US dollars ) . By offering inexpensive and reliable hardware , instead of state-of-the-art technology , Ukraine has become a key arms exporter to many countries in Asia , the Middle East and Africa .
In 2009 , the Iraqi government announced a plan to spend 2.5 billion USD on retrofitting the army . Ukraine was the first country to sign a contract to supply arms to Iraq . Under the terms of the contract , over the next three to four years , Ukraine was to supply 420 armoured personnel carriers ( APCs ) and 6 airplanes . The then Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko stated : “ We have secured a leading position in the world arms and military equipment market. ” And indeed , everything pointed to this being the case . Commentators wondered how much money Ukraine could make by servicing the exported equipment . It was speculated how much of the 2.5 billion USD allocated to arm imports by the Iraqi government would go to Ukraine .
By offering inexpensive and reliable hardware , instead of state-of-the-art technology , Ukraine has become a key arms exporter to many countries in Asia , the Middle East and Africa . Anna Babinets
Ukraine did well to land the deal . After all , there were other contenders , such as South Korea and Canada . The reasons it did were two-fold ; the first and key reason being political . Ukraine 's peace mission during the Iraq war was one of the largest . A total of 19 Ukrainian peacekeepers lost their lives in Iraq , and according to some reports , the US helped Ukraine to obtain the 500 million dollar deal out of gratitude . The second reason was Ukraine 's comparative advantage - the relatively low cost of Ukraine 's military equipment , as well as the country 's experience with exports of this kind .
Iraq and USA pinned their hopes on Viktor Yushchenko . But just a few months later Ukraine had a new government . Soon after becoming President , Viktor Yanukovych replaced the head of Ukrspetsexport , the company in charge of selling arms and military equipment abroad .
The chief executive of Ukrspetsexport , Dmitri Salamatin , deserves special comment here . Until recently Salamatin was an MP representing the Party of Regions ( President Viktor Yanukovych 's party ) . They have no past connection to the arms trade . What they did have was political connections . Until 1999 they lived in Russia and married the daughter of Oleg Soskovets , who served as deputy prime minister under Boris Yeltsin , and in this capacity was responsible for the Russian arms industry.The two men had probably met many years earlier , since both Salamatin and Soskovets had lived in Kazakhstan before 1991 . Mr. Salamatin made their mark in the Ukrainian parliament as a regular participant in the scuffles that are quite common in this country . On one occasion , when they were already head of Ukrspetsexport , they left their office and went to parliament especially to support the MPs of the Party of Regions in just such an incident .
The deal between Iraq 's Defense Ministry and Ukraine 's state-owned arms exporter , UkrSpetsExport , involved 420 BTR-4 armored personnel carriers , six Antonov AN-32B transport aircraft and other equipment .
The first instalment of Ukrainian armoured carriers was due to reach Iraq by 6 January 2011 , to be displayed during a military parade in Baghdad , marking the country 's Army Day . The parade was also intended as an opportunity to showcase new military equipment bought from Russia . Unfortunately , Ukraine failed to supply the APCs ( BTR-4 ) and airplanes ( An-32 ) on time . This is when the information on the breach of contract reached the Ukrainian media .
Ukrspetseksport immediately blamed the breach of contract on the company 's previous management , warning the media it would take them to court if they continued to “ publish information capable of damaging Ukraine 's foreign policy image ” .
The former Ukrspetsexport director Sergey Bondarchuk was somewhat taken aback by Mr. Salamatin 's accusations . “ He should really thank us for having signed such a great contract , and make sure they deliver on it , ” Mr. Bondarchuk said .
Mr. Salamatin rarely grants interviews and has commented on the breaking of the Iraqi contract only through their press office . They claimed the reason behind the Ukrainian military equipment not making it to the parade was that the Iraqi side had provided them with incorrect and belated specifications for the APCs and airplanes . They promised that by the time the second delivery to Iraq was due in late February , both the first and second instalments would be delivered .
Russia 's prime goal is to get rid of Ukraine as an arms dealer so that they can increase the price of their own military equipment and keep supplying it to Asia and Africa - without fear of competition from Ukraine . Anna Babinets
However , my sources tell me there will be no delivery at the end of February . Neither the Kharkiv factory that produces the APCs , nor the Kiev plant where the airplanes are made , have produced the requisite amount of military equipment . And , despite all their assurances , Ukrspetsexport management has done nothing to speed up the process .
My sources also say the technical specifications are not really the problem . The real cause of the conflict is Mr. Salamatin 's refusal to pay commission to a middleman in the Ukraine-Iraq deal . In the contract , the services of the middleman , referred to as a “ consultant ” , are valued at 70 million USD . According to my information , the US company Jankovic & Associates Inc. is providing the 'middleman ' service .
Most major international arms trade deliveries are conducted through middlemen . but Mr. Salamatin has rejected this practice and that is why the contract is stuck . “ Even if they are not happy with this particular middleman , nothing is stopping them from looking for another . After all , someone in Iraq has got to deal with day-to-day issues relating to the contract , ” says my source . They claim Mr. Salamatin is not looking for a middleman and has allowed the contract to drift .
Like most countries involved in the arms trade , Ukraine has been no stranger to scandal linked to weapons . The most memorable has been the “ chain armour ” scandal . In 2002 , the US accused Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma of illegally selling the Chain Armour communications surveillance system to Iraq during the war . A year later the government produced evidence disproving the accusation . In a more recent scandal , Russia accused Ukraine of exporting arms to Georgia during the armed conflict with Russia in 2008 . This is also an unproven accusation .
Despite this , never before has Ukraine prevented itself from selling arms . Some arms trade experts now believe that Ukrspetsexport head Mr. Salamatin has been deliberately holding up the delivery , since they are really working for Russia . The facts from their CV mentioned earlier certainly suggest that this might be the case .
Ukraine and Russia – two countries with similar capacities and producing similar products – are competitors in the arms trade , supplying the same market . The arms trade has kept growing with no signs of diminishing . All the players in the market are ready to do anything to get rid of a competitor , and will avail themselves of any opportunity to plant their man in the management of a rival company .
The layout of the BTR-4 represents a dramatic change compared to the older BTR family of vehicles . It carries nine fully equipped soldiers in addition to the two-man crew . Soldiers enter and exit the vehicle either through the rear doors or the roof hatches .
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych is either unwilling or unable to do anything about the current situation . It is difficult to imagine that they are not aware of what is going on . Nevertheless , they have done nothing about it .
“ In the context of the 'reset ' in the US – Russian relations , it is quite possible that the contract may go to Russia . Ukraine 's former achievements may turn out to be less significant than the future needs of Russia 's services , ” says Ukrainian arms expert Aleksei Mel'nik .
It is unlikely that the 500 million dollar contract is all Russia is after . Russia 's prime goal is to get rid of Ukraine as an arms dealer so that they can increase the price of their own military equipment and keep supplying it to Asia and Africa - without fear of competition from Ukraine . A sudden breach of the contract with Iraq would seem to fit this scenario quite well .
BasetradeTV Profile Blog Joined October 2012 Canada 1175 Posts Last Edited : 2017-06-21 23:36:40 # 1
Dreamhack Atlanta 2017 ( JUL 21 - JUL 23 ) was not originally featuring that much in the way of Starcraft but thanks to our
At the time of this post , the Dreamhack Atlanta is a $ 5,000 USD BYOC tournament .
This event will span over 3 weeks , involving 2 qualifiers as well as a final event . Top 4 players from each of the qualifiers will be invited back to compete in the play offs . The winner of this play offs will win the following :
Up to $ 400 USD in travel expenses
4 nights hotel stay covered ( $ 800 in value )
A guaranteed spot at Dreamhack Atlanta
Qualifier information
June 22 Dreamhack Atlanta 2017 ( JUL 21 - JUL 23 ) was not originally featuring that much in the way of Starcraft but thanks to our partnership with Dreamhack we 're upgrading the BYOC ! While details revolving the main event , such as prize pool breakdown among other things are still being worked out , we 're adding Matcherino into this menage a trois of a partnership to present , `` The Road to Dreamhack '' At the time of this post , the Dreamhack Atlanta is a $ 5,000 USD BYOC tournament.This event will span over 3 weeks , involving 2 qualifiers as well as a final event . Top 4 players from each of the qualifiers will be invited back to compete in the play offs . The winner of this play offs will win the following : Friday , Jun 23 12:00am GMT ( GMT+00:00 )
Qualifier # 1
June 29 Qualifier # 1 http : //challonge.com/DHATL1 Friday , Jun 30 12:00am GMT ( GMT+00:00 )
Qualifier # 2
July 6th Qualifier # 2 http : //challonge.com/DHATL2 Friday , Jul 07 12:00am GMT ( GMT+00:00 )
Playoffs
The qualifiers are GLOBAL ENTRY , but the default server will be NA - Central ( players may play on other serves if agreed by both )
And of course , as always , you can watch these qualifiers on
Thanks in part to :
Playoffs http : //challonge.com/DHATL3 The qualifiers are GLOBAL ENTRY , but the default server will be NA - Central ( players may play on other serves if agreed by both ) And of course , as always , you can watch these qualifiers on https : //www.twitch.tv/basetradetv Thanks in part to : Commentator
This year at CES , Razer and Sensics announced a hacker development kit that looks to open up the virtual reality community to a whole new level . The platform takes into account all aspects of the VR industry – including input devices , headset hardware . software . and content creation .
As the OSVR website states , that the “ OSVR ecosystem is fully open-source , so regardless of whether you 're interested in working with hardware development kit designs , or software plugins for everything from motion control , to game engines , and even stereoscopic video output , you 'll have complete access to all you need . ”
The designs for the head mounted display ( HMD ) will be available on the OSVR website so that people can make their own version if they want . All the schematics plus the drawing and component list for the OSVR Hacker Dev Kit ( HDK ) can be downloaded by requesting more information from under the hardware section of the website .
The HDK VR headset release date is planned for June 2015 . Pricing is set at $ 199 , plus tax .
Open source in the virtual reality world will allow for developers to collaborate over great distances . They can fix each other 's code and provide documentation into what they have learned so that others can build on top of it .
One of the biggest benefits of open source virtual reality is the ability to add on more features . Open source also allows for sudden sparks of innovation . With the data publicly available , developers can make wild alterations – just because they can !
If Razer and Sensics do their jobs right , this platform could follow in the same path that Linux had . While Windows and Apple OSs have remained closed , Linux in turn opened up the computer world . This influenced everything from security testing to server implementations . Multiple distributions have been created all on top of the Linux kernels . Open source virtual reality could potentially trail the same way allowing for multiple OSVR versions to be made .
This affordable solution to virtual reality creation provides developers with an easy and standardized way to discover , configure and operate hundreds of devices . This includes VR-Glasses , position trackers , depth cameras , eye trackers , game controllers and much much more .
Although I did n't get a chance to try out the OSVR headset at CES , I did hear good things from a couple of people who did . Dylan Watkins , co-founder of the VR development group Orange County VR , for example tested it out . From the sounds of it , the headset has pretty good tracking and was similar in comparison to the Oculus HD prototype . Information on the Razer website confirms by mentioning that the screen resolution is 1080×1920 FHD resolution with 60fps and 401ppi .
It all looks pretty drool worthy to me . Developers are now just waiting to purchase their headsets so that they can start developing with them .
OSVR 's software architecture is described in detail online giving programmers the ability to learn how the system works . It supports multiple operating systems and is freely available under an Apache 2.0 license .
Sharing knowledge between developers is ultimately a good thing . Even Palmer Luckey is aware of the potential of an open-source VR community , which was uncovered during the question and answer portion of CNET 's “ New Realities ” panel at CES . The Oculus DK1 was open-sourced back in September of 2014 , and now other virtual reality-related companies are doing the same .
Potential for the OSVR ecosystem seems unlimited . Not only can developers build their own headsets , but they can add on additional features . Analysis capabilities such as a gesture engine can be integrated . Sensor fusion and eye tracking also can be added as well .
Now , it just up to the developers to come up with something new and exciting . It will take time to see what they create , but there are plenty of interested parties so far . Industry leaders like Sixense , Leap Motion , Gearbox , and Nod are already onboard .
OSVR is currently in pre-release phase , but the team behind is hoping to release the entire code to the public very soon . So look out for more updates from them ! Razer will also be at our Upload World Tour Kickoff event . Feel free to ask them questions about their system then . In the meantime , watch the video about OSVR below to learn more .
Real American street racing in the 21st century is heavily constrained by many factors . Not the least of which are over-crowded roads and an often overwhelming law enforcement presence .
But it did n't use to be this way .
In the nineteen-seventies the U.S. interstate highway system was so fresh and new some parts still remained under construction . And there were n't nearly as many people or cars to crowd the byways .
There also were n't nearly so many police officers and patrol cars .
To top all this off , suddenly there were fast cars in the hands of just about anyone who wanted them .
So you might say that was the golden age of American street racing .
Me and my friends personally saw even more excitement and adventure than all the above implies , due to us growing up in a wild , sometimes nearly lawless region of the USA during this time ( even our cops were frequently outlaws themselves ) .
Of course , it was n't wise for racers to advertise their kills too widely , even in that time and place . After all , laws of one sort or another were often broken , and people hurt too , along the way .
Now -- around thirty years later -- it should be safer to tell the tales .
I may be one of the last survivors of the very wildest treks from those days . I drove a heavily modified black 1969 Mustang . We did far more than just racing ( CLICK HERE to see everything ) . But for those interested only in the races , the best of our own are available below . I hope you enjoy them !
PS : Many readers may be shocked to see automotive feats here they 'd never dare try with their own modern sports cars , despite being equipped with technologies 30 years advanced over those described in the accounts . In some ways the older hardware was simply more robust , and more easily improved upon . It was definitely easier and cheaper repaired . I guess I should also add that young men typically underestimate the risks involved in almost any undertaking they might consider . I know I sure did !
Above is my 2005 artistic rendition of Shadowfast in their 1970s prime .
CLICK HERE to see RARE PHOTOS .
Summary
Improve automatic dynamic thread-sizing enabled by -XX : +UseDynamicNumberOfThreads in G1 to improve thread resource usage particularly in situations where using all available threads is a waste .
Goals
Improve the default thread sizing policies of G1 in the areas of :
sizing the number of threads used during garbage collection pauses , refinement , and marking ,
for reference processing in particular , automatically determine whether parallelism should be enabled , and determine an optimal number of threads to use ,
A user should not need to do much more than set the maximum heap size and pause time goal in order to get better thread resource usage than before .
Non-Goals
These new default policies should significantly improve the ease of use of the G1 collector . The resulting policies may still not be ideal for all situations .
The changes are limited to change how resources are used in existing algorithms , but avoid changes in the actual garbage collection algorithms .
We specifically target thread usage in situations where G1 at the moment uses too many threads . Overall performance should not regress , but at the same time improvements are incidental , not required .
Success Metrics
A user of G1 should automatically benefit from improved heuristics in the areas covered in this JEP . Depending on the applicability of the change , we expect that G1 will exhibit better throughput , less resource usage or better start-up behavior or any combination of that .
In cases where the VM already utilizes all available resources , there should be no long-term difference .
Motivation
We intend to address two of the most typical tuning related issues users have with G1 , automatically applying necessary tunings for the number of used threads :
worker threads for GC operation are always allocated upfront , decreasing startup performance and increasing memory usage particularly for small , short running batch operations .
current heuristics for thread sizing can only be specified by the user at start-up ( e.g . enabling parallelism during reference processing ) , or are determined once at start-up based on the environment or other user supplied parameter values . None of them are based on metrics gathered from the actual application ( e.g . live set size , amount of survivors ) , they are global static decisions to be made at startup . So these decisions are often sub-optimal for a few or even all phases of the application .
Improving self-tuning of these resources in these situations should increase the out-of-the-box usability of G1 .
Description
The main change in the area of thread management will be that the current number of threads option ( -XX : ParallelGCThreads , -XX : ConcGCThreads ) will change their semantics slightly : instead of being the exact number of threads to be used during GC , marking and refinement , they will always , if they do not already , have the meaning of the maximum number of threads G1 will be allowed to use . Also , threads will not be pre-allocated in full at startup by default , but lazily as they are required .
The number of threads will be determined by the number of work items for a particular phase of work . The exact definition of work item will depend on the phase , and the resulting number of threads determined by heuristics ( e.g. , for the evacuation phase of GC , the number of threads to use for that particular phase will be determined by the expected amount of live data to be evacuated during that phase ) . Decisions need to be communicated via appropriate channels ( e.g. , log messages ) .
For phases such as reference processing , where at the moment the user needs to enable parallelism manually ( via -XX : +ParallelRefProcEnabled ) , G1 will automatically decide whether to enable parallelism and , if so , determine the number of threads to use for each phase given the number of work items to process .
No decision has been made on whether to de-allocate thread resources after long-term non-use .
There will be ways to revert to old behavior , i.e. , allow static distribution of resources . This can be done via the existing option -XX : -UseDynamicNumberOfGCThreads .
Alternatives
Provide better documentation for users to help them better tune their applications for their environment . This has the disadvantage that the users still need to perform this kind of tuning for every application and every deployment . There are no alternatives for some of the suggested enhancements such as thread tuning dependent on current amount of work , since this level of control is not available at the moment .
Testing
Default performance measurements for any collector should not regress in general . There are no particular platform requirements .
Risks and Assumptions
The heuristics we intend to implement originate from discussions with many users and tuning efforts . These reports may have been only from a non-representative subset of use cases , or use cases that are not representative any more . This may ultimately make this work unnecessary . Some of the changes may cause unintended performance regressions due to changes to heuristics . Some of this work requires experimenting with heuristics that may not be successful in the end . We do have ideas for all these that seem plausible , but unforeseen interactions within the garbage collector and between the garbage collector and applications might make them perform very badly . In these cases we intend to simplify the heuristics until eventually the user will need to give more detail .
Adult males of are a deep reddish-orange , while females and juveniles are pale yellow , according to the authors of an article in Journal of Fish Biology describing tetra Hyphessobrycon myrmex .
A new species of freshwater fish in the family Characidae , called Hyphessobrycon myrmex , seized the attention of researchers at the University of São Paulo 's Zoology Museum ( MZ-USP ) in Brazil because of its intriguing sexual dichromatism : adult males are a deep reddish-orange , while females and juveniles are pale yellow .
The species has been described in an article published in the Journal of Fish Biology . H. myrmex is approximately 2 cm long and lives in the crystal-clear waters of the Formiga River ( both the Greek myrmex and the Portuguese formiga mean `` ant '' ) , a tributary of the Juruena River in Serra dos Parecis , Mato Grosso State . The Formiga is part of the Tapajós Basin .
`` Sexual dichromatism , a form of sexual dimorphism , is common among vertebrates , especially birds and fish . A classic example is the peacock , '' said one of the authors of the study , ichthyologist Murilo Pastana , affiliated with MZ-USP .
The specimens described in the study were collected between 2011 and 2015 during the expeditions of a Thematic Project organized to produce `` An inventory of the Characiform fish fauna ( Teleostei , Ostariophysi ) from South America '' . Characiformes is one of the largest and most diverse orders of freshwater fish , comprising 2,171 recognized species distributed in families such as Parodontidae ( scrapetooths ) , Curimatidae ( toothless characins ) , Prochilodontidae ( flannel-mouthed characins ) , Anostomidae ( Leporinus spp. , headstanders ) , Crenuchidae ( South American darters ) , Hemiodontidae ( halftooths ) , Gasteropelecidae ( freshwater hatchetfishes ) , Characidae ( lambari , piaba , pacu , piranha , tambaqui , dourado , brycon ) , Acestrorhynchidae ( smallscale pike characins ) , Cynodontidae ( dogtooth characins , vampire tetras ) , Erythrinidae ( trahira , tigerfish ) , Lebiasinidae ( pencilfishes ) , and Ctenoluciidae ( pike characins ) .
The Thematic Project is linked to the São Paulo Research Foundation - FAPESP 's Research Program on Biodiversity Characterization , Conservation , Restoration & Sustainable Use ( hBIOTA-FAPESP ) and is coordinated by Naércio Aquino Menezes , also a researcher at MZ-USP .
Endangered ecosystems
`` The Characiformes are dominant wherever they occur . In South America , they predominate in all river basins , alongside the Siluriformes , the order of catfish families , '' said Menezes .
Completed in 2015 , the project set out to collect specimens from the headwaters of the Amazon rivers that rise in central Brazil . `` These ichthyofaunas inhabit specific ecosystems , '' Menezes explained . `` There are species that occur only in one particular stream and are n't found in nearby streams or rivers . Because the headwaters are located in upland plateau areas , the rivers have many rapids and waterfalls that isolate headwater species from those found farther downstream . ''
Large falls on major Amazon rivers are priority locations for the construction of hydroelectric dams , so ichthyologists are racing against the clock to inventory as many species as possible . `` The construction of power plants destroys everything that exists in these ecosystems , '' Menezes said .
Some 30 new species of Characiformes were discovered during the project 's seven expeditions , conducted between 2011 and 2016 .
Mapping of dichromatism in Characiformes
Approximately 1,750 species live in South America , and the rest live in Africa . Their size ranges from 1.7 cm to 2 m. Sexual dichromatism is common , but males and females of H. myrmex stand out for the sharp contrast in their respective hues .
`` Ichthyologists were well aware of dichromatism in certain species of Characidae , but no one had set out to identify all dichromatic species , where they live , and the function of dichromatism in their behavior , '' Pastana said .
Having detected dichromatism in H. myrmex , Pastana decided to conduct a detailed survey and discovered that 109 species of Characiformes are dichromatic - 57 of them in the family Characidae , as shown in the study .
They also found that dichromatism is present in six of the 24 known families of Characiformes . Five families are South American , and one is African . Sexual dimorphism in these six families is not just chromatic . It also appears in the size difference between sexes , in fin size , and even in behavior .
According to Pastana , the most surprising case of sexual dimorphism in behavior is in Copella arnoldi , which belongs to the Lebiasinidae family of pencilfishes or tetras found in southern Central America and in South America . C. arnoldi is often referred to as a splash tetra because of its reproductive behavior .
`` This is one of the most spectacular cases of reproductive behavior in fish and of task segregation between sexes while mating , '' Pastana said .
`` When the male and female are ready to mate , they leap out of the river and attach themselves by fin suction to the underside of an overhanging leaf . They lay and fertilize their eggs on the leaf , not in the water . The male watches the eggs and intermittently splashes them using its elongated tail fin to keep them moist . ''
According to Pastana , the male 's long tail fin is another facet of sexual dimorphism in the species . When the eggs hatch , the fry fall into the water from the leaf . The female plays no part in the process after spawning .
# # #
About São Paulo Research Foundation ( FAPESP )
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily , no spam , no fuss .
Just days after its release , Capcom today removed a new Street Fighter V DLC stage , Thailand Temple Hideout , because it contained `` unintentional religious references '' in the background music track .
In a today , the publisher explained that it has removed this DLC from sale and is conducting `` emergency server maintenance '' to remove the track and replace it with music from another stage .
If you managed to buy the new Thailand stage , you can continue to use it , though once the server maintenance is finished , you 'll get the new music . At a later date , Capcom will release an `` edited version '' of the stage with new background music for people to buy .
Up-to-the-minute details on all of this will be shared through the Street Fighter V server Twitter account .
The new Thailand stage is set in a Buddhist temple , but the background music references Allah . The video above ( via Kotaku ) shows off the stage as it was originally presented .
`` The Street Fighter V development and operations team , as well as all of us at Capcom , have nothing but the utmost respect for all faiths and religions around the world , and we would like to sincerely apologize to anyone who was offended by this content , '' Capcom said .
The Thailand stage was first seen in earlier Street Fighter games . When it was available to buy , it cost $ 4 or could be purchased with 70,000 Fight Money .
Here 's how it went down . The Stars were buzzing and the Wild were playing their second game in two nights . In this slightly condensed season , backup goaltenders are so important , even to the Minnesota Wild , who have an elite member of the netminding fraternity in Nik Backstrom . Even Atlas eventually shrugged .
So , enough with the metaphors , let 's get back to the story at hand . The Wild gave the back-stopping over to Josh Harding , a career back-up with 118 games under their belt over 7 years , and respectable 2.62 goals against average over that time . The Wild were hardly a dominant force on this night , but riding an early tally from Zach Parise , Harding sparkled in goal , stopping 24 shots on the way to their 7th career shutout and the Wild 's second straight win .
Normally , we in the media would not be making a big deal out of this nearly a week after it all went down . Nearly two months ago , while the NHL and Players Association squabbled over issues that seemed ridiculous , Josh Harding was n't doing media scrums over their shutout win . They were announcing that they had been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis .
Here 's the Wikipedia definition of MS :
“ Multiple sclerosis ( MS ) , also known as “ disseminated sclerosis ” or “ encephalomyelitis disseminata ” , is an inflammatory disease in which the fatty myelin sheaths around the axons of the brain and spinal cord are damaged , leading to demyelination and scarring as well as a broad spectrum of signs and symptoms . ”
The sobering list of symptoms includes loss of sensitivity , fatigue , difficulties with balance and coordination , muscle weakness , chronic pain , and visual problems .
Really ?
Yeah , really . And there was Josh Harding , performing feats of balance and coordination on the way to carrying a fatigued Wild squad .
Sometime in September , Harding was working out on the ice , and they became dizzy , and their vision was plagued by big , black spots . They also had a neck problem , which is when they turned to doctors to hunt down the problem . They went through a barrage of testing , and the doctors came back with a diagnosis that would have floored the average athlete .
Josh Harding is clearly not an average athlete . Their first thought was turned toward being ready when the work stoppage ended . “ I 'm going to do my part over here , skating regularly , working out regularly , getting back into shape and hopefully be good to go for training camp , ” they stated , flatly .
So there they are , standing in net , with a perfect game , and getting congratulated by their teammates , many of whom they worked out with at the informal skates that peppered North America during the 119 day lockout .
Josh Harding will continue to play as long as they can , living like there is no tomorrow , and ready to support their team for as long as they are physically able .
Maybe we can all use a little bit of the moxie Harding has , and continue to chase our dreams .
And that is the last word .
Feel free to leave your comments below and follow us on Twitter @ bigmick99 and @ lastwordonsport
photo credit : Dinur via photopin cc
I interviewed Pierre about how they came to work at Aragon , their thoughts on the future of Ethereum and tips for aspiring developers and teams
Another new member has joined the team ! Pierre is a Frontend Developer that will help the team in fulfilling the Aragon vision . We talked about their experience as a software developer making beautiful user experiences , their thoughts on Ethereum , what tools they use and what tips they have for aspiring developers and teams working in the space .
Past team interviews :
Luis * | Jorge | Tatu | María | * Luke
Hello Pierre , welcome to the team , happy to have you with us ! Let 's start with you telling us a little about yourself .
Who you are , what kind of background you have and how you came to working on a blockchain project ?
Hi ! I am Pierre , a frenchman living in London , and I came to Aragon to help build the user interfaces . Before this I was working at Canonical , spending my time building a few different things . I was in the design team as a prototype developer , working on the Ubuntu Phone , Unity 8 , Ubuntu UI toolkit and some related Design tools for those .
At first , I got interested in Bitcoin . The fact that it was unstoppable seemed interesting and I liked how it was challenging our conceptions of money . I started hearing about Ethereum a couple of months before the Frontier launch . I did n't quite get it the first time . I read about it , watched a few videos , and it seemed like an interesting project , but I could n't quite grasp its full potential . How a technology similar to Bitcoin could embed a Turing complete programming language ? And why doing that would be useful at all ?
After some time it hit me : Ethereum could be used to build decentralized , transparent and unstoppable services ! Services that do n't require you to trust any third parties ! In my mind so many things could be built using this . I started to get quite excited and to read a lot more on the subject . Began talking about it with friends , going to meetups , and checking what imaginative things people were building with it .
I found it interesting how Ethereum , like Bitcoin before , made people think and discuss about concepts like trust , contracts , truth , money or democracy . And how technology could help humans to build better and fairer systems . It 's a technology that could potentially have a massive impact on our lives , but everything is still to be built , which seems quite exciting to me .
We 're still in this phase where we 're focused on the technical aspects of Ethereum , which is something that is needed to make people aware of the technology . I expect the next phase to be more focused on the actual products . As Ethereum-based solutions start to get mature , the user experience takes more importance . That 's when I come into play !
And of all the great projects out there , what brought you to Aragon ?
Aragon is about making organizations more accessible , transparent , reliable , and universal . The way people interact with each other has been transformed in the last 20 years , but governments have n't adapted to it .
Nowadays , you can start a project with a person living at the other side of the world . And you can work as if you were in the same room , thanks to the progress of collaboration tools . But setting up any kind of organization together is complicated , if not impossible . Aragon aims to fix that .
Apart from Aragon Core app itself , I ca n't wait to see Aragon UI ( the Aragon interface toolkit ) becoming complete and stable . That will help make it as smooth as possible to build DApps for Aragon . I 'm also eager to improve the developer experience . I want to make sure that nothing gets in the way of someone wanting to build their solution on Aragon .
What 's your view of the current situation with Ethereum ? How do you see it 's future ?
I do n't think we can realize today the full potential of distributed ledger technologies . People often compare this era of distributed ledger technologies to what 1999 was for the web . And it sounds right on several points : the technology is getting mature and the excitement is high . But it is too early to imagine the most important use cases of the future . We are now in this period of giving a lot of attention to the technological aspect of Ethereum , which impacts the way products are designed .
But , like with the web , I believe the change will happen more progressively than we expect . Ethereum itself will keep evolving , implementing the planned features , getting faster and more stable . Decentralized solutions will get better at understanding the users needs . Users will get more familiar with the technology and its specificities . We will reach an important milestone when Ethereum users wo n't even realize they are using it .
There is also the possible side effects that could emerge from the current `` blockchain frenzy '' . Take asymmetrical cryptography for example . All of a sudden , much more people are getting familiar with the concept , only because they want to use Ethereum . It is one of these things that is hard to solve using only design solutions . To this day , understanding what public/private key pairs are is essential to benefit from them , and people are getting more familiar with it .
In the future I 'm particularly interested to see how projects related to decentralized organizations progress . Apart from Aragon , Colony is an interesting project that looks solid . I also find Status interesting because this kind of user interface could be the key to make Ethereum more usable by people that are not tech-savvy . Also I ca n't wait to see the Swarm protocol becoming stable , making decentralized Ethereum apps a reality .
I owe most of the things I know to the people I worked with , the web , and the open source movement : )
I 've used many languages , but the one I am the most familiar with is JavaScript . I learned it mostly from the web ( special thanks to MDN ) , but also by reading JavaScript : The Definitive Guide by David Flanagan . I also know some PHP , Python , QML , Lua and Shell scripting .
I enjoy having tools I feel good with . I spend my days using them , so I find it important to make the process of building things as fluid and enjoyable as it can be .
As a developer , the most important piece of my toolbox is obviously my editor , which is Vim ( Neovim ) . I used to use Textmate 1 , but its development stagnated at some point , and I felt the need to move to another editor . The trend was to move to Sublime Text at the time , but as good as it was , it was not open source . Which meant that the same problem would probably appear at some point . So I started to consider Vim , also because it runs everywhere , it 's installed on almost every Unix , and I was curious to learn about the specific way you interact with it .
But the thing that convinced me to spend the time to learn it is when I went to a meetup in Paris to see Ryan Dahl . He 's the Node.js inventor , and was there live coding some demos . I was impressed to see how proficient they are , moving around their cursor and pieces of code as if they are n't even thinking about it . I decided to learn it and , after some effort , the `` Vim language '' became a second nature . Switching to it made writing code ( or anything else ) a more pleasant experience .
I am also using the BÉPO keyboard layout , which is the equivalent of the Dvorak layout but optimized for French . And it works well for English too . Like Vim , it 's not a choice I made to be more efficient , but to provide myself a more pleasant experience when typing . I also enjoy the process of learning something new , especially when it involves muscle memory . So it 's a bit like a little game I like to play from time to time .
Another thing that I 'm using is tmux . It allows me to manage my shell sessions in tabs and workspaces , that I can access using keyboard shortcuts . Combined with Vim , it makes developing in a Unix environment quite powerful . My terminal is iTerm2 , and my shell is ZSH .
Finally , a really important tool to me is my browser , which is Firefox ( Nightly ) . I recommend anyone to try it if you have n't recently ! Firefox is becoming super fast in the recent releases , and the developer tools are now complete and well designed . More importantly , I think it is the only mainstream browser that truly cares about its users , their privacy , and innovation on the web . Mozilla Foundation , being a non-profit organization , has no incentive to give up on these principles . Which is not true for the giant tech companies that are behind the competitors . Use Firefox ! : )
What kind of tips would you have for the aspiring developers out there ?
Perfect is the enemy of good
Build yourself a workflow where it is possible to iterate as quickly as possible . Always keep in mind that things can change . Which means that you need to develop a habit of refactoring things whenever it becomes necessary . Also , do n't try to be too generic at first . I find it better to solve a specific problem first , then to think about making the solution generic . It means you will have to move code , but it 's always easier to deal with that than having to refactor a bad abstraction .
Having incomplete features is better than having no features at all . You can start sharing it with others and adapt things based on the feedback you get . That 's why , as an interface developer , I also set a high priority on being able to share what I produce . Sharing a URL to people so they can see exactly what I am working on , without having to install anything , can really help to get into a fast build - > get feedback * - > * * build * loop .
What about tips for teams , ours and others ? Is something like having a common vision important as things progress ?
Having a common vision is something hard . It 's not something that you can completely define . It tends to evolve as individuals interpret it for any given context they are dealing with . The most obvious thing is to communicate as much as we can with others . Requesting and giving constructive feedback , making sure we never lose sight of the big picture .
One other thing that is important is to never assume that something is obvious . A team should always take care of making any member feel allowed to ask or share about anything they have in mind . That 's how you ensure that there is as little fragmentation as possible in our shared perception . It also provides an engine for the vision to adapt .
One last thing : happiness matters ! Happy people can move mountains .
And what kinda things do you enjoy doing outside of your work life ?
Apart from building things , I always had a passion for video games . Even though I now tend to spend more time reading about games and game design than actually playing ! I enjoy all kinds of genres , but RPGs have always been what I 've had interest in . I am also a huge Nintendo fan ✌️
I also recently started playing with PICO-8 . It is a virtual console including everything you need to build games in a constrained environment . I wish I had more time to make things with it !
Craft beer is another passion of mine . I even made my own beer last year , and I plan to do it again soon ! Some other things I enjoy are cooking , coffee , history , politics , space exploration , and playing foosball .
Thank you Pierre ! Ca n't wait to see all the beautiful things you 'll build at Aragon !
You can also follow Pierre on Twitter !
Largest Text Size Larger Text Size Regular Text Size
Print
When you get your picture taken , everyone says , `` Say cheese ! Smile ! '' So you do — you open your mouth and show your teeth . When you see the picture , you see a happy person looking back at you . The healthier those teeth are , the happier you look . Why is that ?
It 's because your teeth are important in many ways . If you take care of them , they 'll help take care of you . Strong , healthy teeth help you chew the right foods to help you grow . They help you speak clearly . And yes , they help you look your best .
Why Healthy Teeth Are Important
How does taking care of your teeth help with all those things ? Taking care of your teeth helps prevent plaque ( say : PLAK ) , which is a clear film of bacteria ( say : bak-TEER-ee-uh ) that sticks to your teeth .
After you eat , bacteria go crazy over the sugar on your teeth , like ants at a picnic . The bacteria break it down into acids that eat away tooth enamel , causing holes called cavities . Plaque also causes gingivitis ( say : jin-juh-VY-tis ) , which is gum disease that can make your gums red , swollen , and sore . Your gums are those soft pink tissues in your mouth that hold your teeth in place .
If you do n't take care of your teeth , cavities and unhealthy gums will make your mouth very , very sore . Eating meals will be difficult . And you wo n't feel like smiling so much .
Before Toothpaste Was Invented
We 're lucky that we know so much now about taking care of our teeth . Long ago , as people got older , their teeth would rot away and be very painful . To get rid of a toothache , they had their teeth pulled out . Finally , people learned that cleaning their teeth was important , but they did n't have toothpaste right away .
While you 're swishing that minty-fresh paste around your mouth , think about what people used long ago to clean teeth :
ground-up chalk or charcoal
lemon juice
ashes ( you know , the stuff that 's left over after a fire )
tobacco and honey mixed together
Yuck !
It was only about 100 years ago that someone finally created a minty cream to clean teeth . Not long after that , the toothpaste tube was invented , so people could squeeze the paste right onto the toothbrush ! Tooth brushing became popular during World War II . The U.S. Army gave brushes and toothpaste to all soldiers , and they learned to brush twice a day . Back then , toothpaste tubes were made of metal ; today they 're made of soft plastic and are much easier to squeeze !
Today there are plenty of toothpaste choices : lots of colors and flavors to choose from , and some are made just for kids . When you 're choosing a toothpaste , make sure it contains fluoride . Fluoride makes your teeth strong and protects them from cavities .
When you brush , you do n't need a lot of toothpaste : just squeeze out a bit the size of a pea . It 's not a good idea to swallow the toothpaste , either , so be sure to spit after brushing .
How You Can Keep Your Teeth Healthy
Kids can take charge of their teeth by taking these steps :
Brush at least twice a day — after breakfast and before bedtime . If you can , brush after lunch or after sweet snacks . Brushing properly breaks down plaque .
— after breakfast and before bedtime . If you can , brush after lunch or after sweet snacks . Brushing properly breaks down plaque . Brush all of your teeth , not just the front ones . Spend some time on the teeth along the sides and in the back . Have your dentist show you the best way to brush to get your teeth clean without damaging your gums .
Take your time while brushing . Spend at least 2 or 3 minutes each time you brush . If you have trouble keeping track of the time , use a timer or play a recording of a song you like to help pass the time .
Be sure your toothbrush has soft bristles ( the package will tell you if they 're soft ) . Ask your parent to help you get a new toothbrush every 3 months . Some toothbrushes come with bristles that change color when it 's time to change them .
( the package will tell you if they 're soft ) . Ask your parent to help you get a new toothbrush every 3 months . Some toothbrushes come with bristles that change color when it 's time to change them . Ask your dentist if an antibacterial mouth rinse is right for you .
Learn how to floss your teeth , which is a very important way to keep them healthy . It feels weird the first few times you do it , but pretty soon you 'll be a pro . Slip the dental floss between each tooth and along the gumline gently once a day . The floss gets rid of food that 's hidden where your toothbrush ca n't get it , no matter how well you brush .
You can also brush your tongue to help keep your breath fresh !
It 's also important to visit the dentist twice a year . Besides checking for signs of cavities or gum disease , the dentist will help keep your teeth extra clean and can help you learn the best way to brush and floss .
It 's not just brushing and flossing that keep your teeth healthy — you also need to be careful about what you eat and drink . Remember , the plaque on your teeth is just waiting for that sugar to arrive . Eat lots of fruits and vegetables and drink water instead of soda . And do n't forget to smile !
BBC One 's Atlantis has begun filming its second series .
The cast of the family fantasy show have reunited to start shooting the next run in Chepstow , Wales .
Urban Myth Films/Nick Briggs
Aiysha Hart , who appears as Ariadne , and Juliet Stevenson , who plays The Oracle , are among the old faces to return , while series two will also welcome new additions Vincent Regan ( 300 ) as Dion and Amy Manson ( Being Human ) as Medea .
Game of Thrones star Robert Pugh - who appeared as Craster in the HBO hit - and Broadchurch actor Peter De Jersey have been confirmed as guest stars for episode one of the new run .
The show 's creators Johnny Capps and Julian Murphy said : `` It 's wonderful to have everyone back in the studio together as we prepare to take Atlantis to new places in series two .
Joel Ryan/AP
`` We have some exciting new additions joining our exceptional cast and some surprises up our sleeve that we ca n't wait to unleash on the Atlantis audience later this year . ''
The programme was renewed for a second series back in October , with BBC One controller Charlotte Moore branding the show an `` original British drama with the kind of scale and ambition that we 've come to expect from the cinema '' .
The show 's star Robert Emms recently named Matt Smith as their dream casting to play the mythical character of Icarus .
Maidan is eating itself : President Poroshenko has distracted the Western media from its important role as a cheerleader for their government . Banning BBC journalists was a big mistake for the chocolate king .
Crazy rulers are not a new phenomenon . Back in the 6th Century , the Byzantine Emperor , Justin II was forced to abdicate after they began devouring people .
Then there was King Charles VI of France who refused to bathe because they believed they were made from glass .
Also , lest we forget Russia 's own Feodor I who used to wander the country ringing church bells . For fun .
Justin developed a taste for flesh by biting lesser folk while being pushed around on a wheeled throne . There is no record of the Emperor eating himself . However , Ukraine 's ‘ Maidan ' government is doing this now . The coup , or ‘ revolution ' if you prefer , has turned cannibal .
Ukrainian president bans dozens of journalists , incl from BBC , El Pais , RT 's Ruptly http : //t.co/Nh4QeMfOLCpic.twitter.com/DSL3gg8toP — RT ( @ RT_com ) September 16 , 2015
If you were a PR adviser to Ukraine 's leaders and they asked you to compile a list of things they must not do , banning journalists would be high up there . Perhaps even at number one . While those who understand Ukraine know that the regime is even worse than its horrible predecessor , Western media has not reported this reality . Hence , the general public in Europe and North America does n't have the foggiest notion . Firing cluster bombs at civilians would be prominent too . Nevertheless , Kiev has already done that . Luckily for them , the western press does n't seem to mind .
On Wednesday night , President Poroshenko signed a decree banning 388 people from Ukraine . That was not a major surprise . After all , the Kiev government has been jailing domestic critics for some time . Like Ruslan Kotsaba for instance . So banning a few hundred Russians and others from minor Eastern European nations like Poland or Hungary , would barely get any attention .
Why Steve Rosenberg ?
However , Poroshenko included 41 international journalists and bloggers on their blacklist . They came from countries as diverse as Germany , Israel , Russia , Spain , and the United Kingdom . If they had been fringe hacks , Western media representatives in Kiev and Moscow would have merely stroked their hipster beards . A few might have even expressed regret . One or two might have made a half-hearted attempt to get a “ # jesuis ” hashtag going on Twitter .
Poroshenko was n't that smart . The billionaire president of Europe 's poorest country ( per capita ) decided to go for a few really big fish . Wielding their oligarchical pen , they signed a decree that included two prominent BBC journalists : Steve Rosenberg and Emma Wells . The reason ? For being a “ threat to national interests ” .
LISTEN MORE :
I 've never met Steve Rosenberg . They may be the nicest man since Gandhi . Or a bad egg . I 've no idea . Emma Wells used to work for RT , before joining the BBC . Again , I have n't interacted with them
This is not the point . The fact is that Rosenberg , Wells and the entire BBC team have been more than fair to the Maidan regime . Many would say too kind altogether . While the BBC , unlike most Western outlets , make some attempts to show both sides in Ukraine 's civil war , it is pretty obvious that the network sympathizes with Poroshenko 's administration . As does the British government , with great enthusiasm . Indeed , a number of BBC employees are openly hostile to Russia . That usually goes down well in Kiev .
Take for example , BBC World Service news editor Olexiy Solohubenko . The intrepid Olexiy has been running a one-man Twitter propaganda campaign for the Maidan crew for almost two years , blocking and ridiculing critics of the coup . Strangely , Olexiy did n't take to Twitter last night to support their BBC colleagues . On the other side of the coin , the BBC 's Fergal Keane brought guile and nuance to coverage of the Donbas conflict that beat hacks could not match in a million years .
Rosenberg seems a curious choice for Poroshenko 's conniption . They have never exhibited any signs of being particularly pro-Russian . Indeed , only 13 months ago , they were framing Russian troop movements on Russian territory as something sinister .
It 's not just white aid lorries that are heading down the highway towards Rostov : military vehicles , too . pic.twitter.com/Z12t8cbx0n — Steve Rosenberg ( @ BBCSteveR ) August 14 , 2014
That white truck is a DAF commercial lorry , by the way , not a Kamaz . Also , a BBC team headed by Rosenberg were allegedly attacked in southern Russia last year .
The Spanish angle
Meanwhile , Poroshenko did n't stop at the BBC . They also banned two prominent Spanish journalists , Antonio Jose Rodriguez Pampliega and Ángel Sastre of El Pais . Sadly , neither Antonio nor Angel are likely to visit Ukraine any time soon . Both are missing in Syria , presumed captured by ISIS . Their families probably could have done without Poroshenko 's insensitivity and downright stupidity .
There are also a number of Russian reporters and bloggers on the chocolate king 's list –one that is more Schindler 's than Willy Wonka 's . The BBC 's Daniel Sandford did not seem concerned about them . In a Twitter exchange with RT 's social media chief , Ivor Crotty , they said : “ it would be hard to use words “ honourable ” and “ excellent ” to describe LifeNews coverage for example. ” I 'm no fan of LifeNews myself but you are either for press freedom or you are not . If you are , you can not divide journalists into different categories to suit yourself .
@ IvorCrotty I 've not seen the list , but it would be hard to use words `` honourable '' and `` excellent '' to describe LifeNews coverage for example — Daniel Sandford ( @ BBCDanielS ) September 16 , 2015
Herein lies the whole problem . When Russian journalists of great integrity like Andrey Mironov were killed in Ukraine , their Western colleagues , with some exceptions , showed little solidarity . Whether they see Russians as some kind of untermensch or simply do n't care is unclear . Nevertheless , there has been more noise about two BBC journalists receiving bans from Ukraine than there has been about numerous Russian reporters being murdered .
Nothing is real , not much is possible
That said , rather than angrily condemning Poroshenko 's move , Western hacks on the Russia/Ukraine beat used puzzling language . “ Worrying , ” said Mashable 's Christopher Miller .
Freelancer Oliver Carroll , frequently seen in The Independent , felt it was “ quite a pickle ” .
@ NoahSneider Yes , but doc is 135p long . Big q if they were warned . Quite a pickle either way . They ca n't cancel single names . Entire list under q — Oliver Carroll ( @ olliecarroll ) September 16 , 2015
The pair then hooked up with the American neocon activist Michael Weiss to soft-soap Poroshenko 's foolishness .
Kiev has been harassing , blacklisting and imprisoning reporters since the Maidan coup . Reporters hostile to the regime have even been murdered , like the unfortunate Oles Buzina . All along , their Western peers have turned a blind eye . Last night , they shamefully attempted to exculpate Poroshenko for their blacklist by pinning the blame on theirs ‘ advisers . ' Do they really imagine that they are n't told that there were BBC journalists on the list ? If they are n't and they signed it without even glancing at the 388 names on it , he 's a bigger fool than we ever imagined .
Poroshenko will probably backtrack . Some minor lackey will take the blame . Then the Western media can get back to the important things . Like wholeheartedly supporting the pro-US/NATO administration in Kiev and ignoring its sins . It 'd be a lot more productive if a number of journalists stared into a very large mirror for a long time .
ANKARA
Şırnak'ın Cizre ilçesinde yaralı oldukları halde sağlık hizmetlerine erişemediklerini ileri süren kişilerin , sokağa çıkma yasağının uygulanmaması ve yaşamları ile fiziksel bütünlüklerinin korunması konularındaki tedbir taleplerini , Anayasa Mahkemesinden sonra Avrupa İnsan Hakları Mahkemesi ( AİHM ) de reddetti .
Bölgede yaşayan 14 kişi , Anayasa Mahkemesine bireysel başvuruda bulunmaksızın 23 Ocak ve 26 Ocak 2016'da doğrudan Avrupa İnsan Hakları Mahkemesine ( AİHM ) başvuru yaparak , tedbir talebinde bulunmuştu .
AİHM , 26 Ocak'ta tedbir talebini incelemeyi ertelemeye karar vererek , ulusal mahkemelerin bu tür acil durumları ele almada daha iyi bir konumda olduğu gerekçesiyle Anayasa Mahkemesine başvurulmasını istemiş , Anayasa Mahkemesi ise 29 Ocak'ta söz konusu kişilerin tedbir taleplerini reddetmişti .
Yüksek Mahkemenin kararında , Şırnak Valiliği ile avukatlardan edinilen bilgi ve belgeler çerçevesinde , başvurucu olduğu belirtilen kişilerin `` kamu makamları ile doğrudan iletişime geçme yönünde isteksiz davranmaları , kamu makamlarını üçüncü kişilere yönlendirmeleri , bulundukları yere ilişkin farklı tarihlerde farklı adresler bildirmeleri '' gibi hususlara vurgu yapılmıştı .
Bu kapsamda , bu kişilerin sürekli yer değiştirdiklerine ve sağlık hizmetlerine erişim için kamu makamları ile iletişim kurmaktan kaçındıklarına ilişkin ciddi şüpheler ortaya çıktığı , belirsizliğin devam etmesi nedeniyle bu aşamada tedbir kararı verilemeyeceği ifade edilmişti .
Bu kararın ardından , 14 başvurucu yeniden AİHM ' e müracaat etti .
`` Anayasa Mahkemesinin kararı geçerli ''
Anayasa Mahkemesinin 29 Ocak'ta aldığı kararı değerlendiren AİHM , bu kararın geçerli olduğunu ve başvuranların belirttikleri şikayetler hususunda olanaklar dahilinde geçici bir yardım imkanı sunabileceği kanısına ulaşıldığını bildirdi .
AİHM'in , Anayasa Mahkemesinin başvuranların durumunu izleme konusunda istekli olmasına da önem verdiği , bunların ışığında Mahkeme İç Tüzüğünün 39. maddesi uyarınca , başvuranların tedbir taleplerini kabul etmemeye karar verdiği belirtildi .
AİHM'in İç Tüzüğün 41. maddesi uyarınca , söz konusu başvurular konusunda öncelik tanımaya karar verdiği ifade edilirken , hükümetin başvuranların kimliklerine bakılmaksızın yaşam hakları ve fiziksel bütünlüklerini korumak amacıyla gereken them türlü adımı atacağını ve etkinliği yetkililerce acil eylem alınmasına bağlı olan Anayasa Mahkemesi kararına uyacağını ümit ettiği aktarıldı .
Hükümeti , başvuranların genel durumları ve sağlık durumları hakkındaki gelişmeler konusunda mahkemeyi bilgilendirmeye davet eden AİHM'in , başvuranları ise doğrudan acil servislerle irtibat kurmaya teşvik ederek , acil servislere , sağlık durumları ve bulundukları konum hakkında doğru ve geçerli bilgiler vermelerini istediği kaydedildi .
AİHM'in ayrıca , başvuranları Anayasa Mahkemesinden gelecek taleplere uygun hareket etmeye , gelişmeler konusunda mahkemeyi bilgilendirmeye çağırdığı bildirildi .
Öte yandan , başka gelişmelerin yaşanması halinde , Anayasa Mahkemesine gerekli şekilde başvuruda bulunulmasının ardından , AİHM ' e yeni bir talepte bulunulabileceği ifade edildi .
Muhabir : Ferdi Türkten
Finally here comes the magazine scans for this month . The guy that usually do the scan disappear for unknown reason . Fortunately there is another guy volunteered to do the scans . Well , technically it 's not “ scan ” but “ photo ” . Please be graceful and do n't complain about the quality . As usual , the product information will be added later .
September 26 , 2013 : Updated with product information
* * scans are from Hobby Japan Monthly magazine , Dengeki Hobby magazine , and Figure Oh magazine * *
Since this is coming from Aizu Project , there is a very hight chance that this Goto Matabei figure will not be a PVC figure but a Polystone or resin cast figure .
Goto Matabei Manufacturer : Aizu Project
Aizu Project Scale : 1/6 scale
1/6 scale Product Type : Unknown
Unknown Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
Takanashi Mui Manufacturer : Alter
Alter Scale : 1/8 scale , ~170mm tall
1/8 scale , ~170mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : February 2014
February 2014 Price : Unknown
At first I thougth they are someone from Ikkitonsei . But they are actually Kyono Asuka form “ Today 's Asuka ” .
Kyono Asuka Manufacturer : Amiami
Amiami Scale : 1/8 scale , ~185mm tall
1/8 scale , ~185mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : April 2014
April 2014 Price : Unknown
Kanu Unchou Bunny Ver . Manufacturer : Aime-grand
Aime-grand Scale : 1/6 scale , ~300mm tall
1/6 scale , ~300mm tall Product Type : Unknown
Unknown Release Date : Winter
Winter Price : Unknown
Matsumi Kuro Manufacturer : Art Spirits
Art Spirits Scale : 1/6 scale , ~210mm tall
1/6 scale , ~210mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : 8,400 yen ( taxed in )
Cattleya Manufacturer : A-Toys
A-Toys Scale : 1/2 scale , ~640mm x 480mm x 500mm , 9.2kg ,
1/2 scale , ~640mm x 480mm x 500mm , 9.2kg , Product Type : Polyresin figure
Polyresin figure Release Date : January 2014
January 2014 Price : 39,800 yen
Yagami Hayate Manufacturer : AZONE
AZONE Scale : 1/3 scale , ~480mm tall
1/3 scale , ~480mm tall Product Type : Doll
Doll Release Date : January – February 2014
January – February 2014 Price : 66,150 yen ( taxed in )
Reinforce II Manufacturer : AZONE
AZONE Scale : 1/1 scale , ~120mm tall
1/1 scale , ~120mm tall Product Type : Doll
Doll Release Date : January – February 2014
January – February 2014 Price : 9,975 yen ( taxed in )
Figuarts Zero Midorima Shintaro ( left ) Manufacturer : Bandai
Bandai Scale : ~175mm tall
~175mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : January 2014
January 2014 Price : 3,990 yen ( taxed in )
Figuarts Zero Aomine Daiki ( right ) Manufacturer : Bandai
Bandai Scale : ~170mm tall
~170mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : January 2014
January 2014 Price : 3,990 yen ( taxed in )
Cattleya White Swimsuit Ver . 2 Manufacturers : Daiki Kougyou
Daiki Kougyou Scale : 1/5 scale , ~330mm tall
1/5 scale , ~330mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : April 2014
April 2014 Price : Unknown
Chihiro , Cheska , Hilda , Fiona Manufacturer : FREEing
FREEing Scale : 1/8 scale
1/8 scale Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : 2014
2014 Price : Unknown
Lucifer Manufacturer : Hobby Japan
Hobby Japan Scale : 1/7 scale , ~240mm tall
1/7 scale , ~240mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : March-April 2014
March-April 2014 Price : 9,500 yen ( taxed in )
Leviathan Purple Outfit Ver . Manufacturer : Hobby Japan
Hobby Japan Scale : 1/8 scale , ~220mm tall
1/8 scale , ~220mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : March-April 2014
March-April 2014 Price : 8,800 yen ( taxed in )
Evil Sennin Narika Manufacturer : Kaitendoh
Kaitendoh Scale : 1/8 scale , ~210mm tall
1/8 scale , ~210mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : May 2013
May 2013 Price : 9,450 yen ( taxed in )
Airy ( blue background ) Manufacturer : Kotobukiya
Kotobukiya Scale : Unknown
Unknown Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
Shannon ( green background ) Manufacturer : Kotobukiya
Kotobukiya Scale : Unknown
Unknown Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
Ryougi Shiki Manufacturer : Kotobukiya
Kotobukiya Scale : 1/8 scale , ~205mm tall
1/8 scale , ~205mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Febuary 2014
Febuary 2014 Price : 8,800 yen ( taxed in )
Dark Angel Olivier Manufacturer : Kotobukiya
Kotobukiya Scale : 1/8 scale , ~280mm tall
1/8 scale , ~280mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : 2014
2014 Price : Unknown
Melty Swimsuit Ver . Manufacturer : Max Factory
Max Factory Scale : 1/7 scale , ~220mm tall
1/7 scale , ~220mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : March 2014
March 2014 Price : 8,381 yen
Neris ( lower right ) Manufacturer : Kotobukiya
Kotobukiya Scale : Unknown
Unknown Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
Mikasa Ackerman ( left ) Manufacturer : Good Smile Company
Good Smile Company Scale : Unknown
Unknown Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
figma Colossal Titan ( middle ) Manufacturer : Max Factory
Max Factory Scale : Non-scale , ~180mm tall
Non-scale , ~180mm tall Product Type : PVC action figure
PVC action figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
figma Eren Yeager ( right ) Manufacturer : Max Factory
Max Factory Scale : Non-scale , ~140mm tall
Non-scale , ~140mm tall Product Type : PVC action figure
PVC action figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
figma Isshiki Akane Manufacturer : Max Factory
Max Factory Scale : Non-scale
Non-scale Product Type : PVC action figure
PVC action figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
figma Guyver I Manufacturer : Max Factory
Max Factory Scale : Non-scale
Non-scale Product Type : PVC action figure
PVC action figure Release Date : April 2014
April 2014 Price : Unknown
Nami Manufacturer : Megahouse
Megahouse Scale : Unknown
Unknown Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : February 2014
February 2014 Price : Unknown
G.E.M . Taichi Yagami & Agumon Manufacturer : Megahouse
Megahouse Scale : Non-scale , ~130mm tall
Non-scale , ~130mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : January 2014
January 2014 Price : 4,800 yen ( taxed in )
G.E.M . Yamato Ishida & Gabumon Manufacturer : Megahouse
Megahouse Scale : Non-scale , ~130mm tall
Non-scale , ~130mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : January 2014
January 2014 Price : 4,800 yen ( taxed in )
G.E.M Morgiana Manufacturer : Megahouse
Megahouse Scale : 1/8 scale , ~200mm tall
1/8 scale , ~200mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Spring 2014
Spring 2014 Price : Unknown
Hoshii Miki Manufacturer : Megahouse
Megahouse Scale : 1/7 scale , ~210mm tall
1/7 scale , ~210mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
Kosaka Umi Manufacturer : Megahouse
Megahouse Scale : 1/7 scale , ~220mm tall
1/7 scale , ~220mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
Merda Ditz Manufacturer : Megahouse
Megahouse Scale : 1/8 scale , ~210mm tall
1/8 scale , ~210mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
Yoshino ~swimwear~ ( middle ) Manufacturer : PLUM
PLUM Scale : 1/7 scale , ~200mm tall
1/7 scale , ~200mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : Unknown
Unknown Price : Unknown
Levi Manufacturer : Sen-ti-nel
Sen-ti-nel Scale : Unknown
Unknown Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : January 2014
January 2014 Price : Unknown
DD Hatsune Miku Manufacturer : Volks
Volks Scale : ~600mm tall
~600mm tall Product Type : Doll
Doll Release Date : Autumn 2014
Autumn 2014 Price : 85,100 yen ( taxed in )
Wendy Marvel ( left ) Manufacturer : X-plus
X-plus Scale : 1/8 scale , ~150mm tall
1/8 scale , ~150mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : February 2014
February 2014 Price : 6,615 yen ( taxed in )
Erza Scarlet ( right ) Manufacturer : X-plus
X-plus Scale : 1/8 scale , ~130mm tall
1/8 scale , ~130mm tall Product Type : PVC figure
PVC figure Release Date : January 2014
January 2014 Price : 7,665 yen ( taxed in )
The scans below are not really PVC figure released so I 'll just skip the product info of them .
Apple today has made a notable update to the process of changing the email address associated with your Apple ID . Starting today , you can change your Apple ID from a third-party email service such as Gmail or Yahoo to an Apple domain…
Sylvania HomeKit Light Strip
Previously , Apple only allowed users to change their Apple ID email from one third-party provider to another . For instance , if your Apple ID was associated with a Yahoo email address , you could switch it to a Gmail address and vice versa . You could n't , however , go from Gmail/Yahoo to @ iCloud.com .
As Apple notes in an updated support document , you can now make the shift . The company explains that if your Apple ID is currently associated with a Gmail or Yahoo email address , you can now switch to an @ iCloud.com , @ me.com , or @ mac.com account .
On the support page , Apple outlines the steps you must take in order to make the switch . The company notes that you must sign out of “ every Apple service and device that uses your Apple ID ” prior to changing the email address associated with your account . From there , you can follow these steps :
Use your iPhone , iPad , or iPod touch Go to Settings > [ your name ] > Name , Phone Numbers , Email . Next to Reachable At , tap Edit , then delete your current Apple ID . Tap Continue . Enter the Apple ID that you want to use . Tap Next .
Use your Apple ID account page Go to appleid.apple.com and sign in . In the Account section , click Edit . Under your Apple ID , click Change Apple ID . Enter the Apple ID that you want to use . Click Continue .
Apple also makes the important disclaimer that once you change your Apple ID from a third-party email address to an Apple domain , you 're stuck there and ca n't change back .
This is a notable change for users who may have made their Apple ID with a Gmail or Yahoo account that has since become defunct as they 've assimilated into the Apple ecosystem . It 's bizarre that it took Apple this long to make this change , but it 's definitely a much welcomed one .
Subscribe to 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news :
CLEVELAND , OHIO - MSNBC 's Chris Matthews kept it classy ( I kid of course ) in their commentary on Patricia Smith 's address to the Republican National Convention . Smith is the mother of Sean Smith , one of four Americans who were killed in Benghazi by Islamic terrorists . Smith said that their son was wonderful , and they blame Hillary Clinton personally for their death . They also said that Hillary told them that a video was responsible for the attack . Matthews thought it was wrong for them to go up there on stage and tell lies about Hillary Clinton . They also said that it ruined the Republicans ' evening , though with Melania Trump 's speech repeatedly being plagiarized that might be the low point of the night . ( via The Hill ) :
For all of this loss , for all of this grief , for all of the cynicism , the tragedy in Benghazi has wrought upon America , I blame Hillary Clinton , '' Smith declared from the convention stage in Cleveland on Monday night . `` I blame Hillary Clinton personally for the death of my son . '' [ … ] `` In an email to their daughter shortly after the attack , Hillary Clinton blamed it on terrorism , '' said Smith . `` But when I saw Hillary Clinton at Sean 's coffin ceremony , just days later , they looked me squarely in the eye and told me a video was responsible . Since then , I have repeatedly asked Hillary Clinton to explain to me the real reason why my son is dead . I 'm still waiting . '' [ … ] `` I do n't understand why the Republicans would choose to put this on prime-time television when they have such wonderful stories of American heroism to speak to the American people , '' an emotional Matthews said . `` I think it was wrong . `` I do n't care what that woman up there , the mother , has felt , '' they continued . `` Her emotions are their own . But for the country in choosing a leader , it 's wrong to have someone get up there and tell a lie about Hillary Clinton . It 's not true . It 's logically not true . I think it 's wrong that they ruined their evening with this . ''
Friendly Reminder : As with anything , it 's only wrong when the Republicans do it .
Note : This interview did not take place . It was created by the Guild Wars 2 Wiki community for April Fools ' Day 2012 . Neither Colin Johanson nor any other employee of ArenaNet is responsible for anything said here .
On March 16th the Guild Wars 2 Wiki managed to schedule an exclusive interview with ArenaNet , on the condition that all organisation was taken care of by the wiki community itself . After a series of discussions spanning two article talk pages , three user talk pages , and an image talk page , a number of users were sent forth with the prepared questions .
ArenaNet 's Colin Johanson provided the answers , including some shocking news that had not yet been leaked .
Interview transcript
Wiki : `` First and foremost , we 'd like to thank ArenaNet for finally providing their official wiki community with an exclusive interview . We know we 've hammered on the fact that we 'd love to have an opportunity to pose questions firsthand for a while now , but we never actually dared hope you 'd take us up on the offer . It 's amazing to finally sit here , questions in hand and ready for an interview . I just hope you guys are too , because these questions have really been thought out to the very core , so this will definitely not be your average interview . ''
Colin : `` Haha , it 's not that we never considered an interview with the official wiki before . In fact , we have pondered it many times , but we worried that it might be a massive chaos to answer questions on an open wiki . Even Reddit has some form of edit privacy , so we much sooner decided to have an open interview there . But now that I can tell the wiki is in unison about this interview , as well as its interviewers , we definitely wanted to do what seemed impossible in the back of our collective head . Rest assured , we 're ready for this ! ''
Wiki : `` We should open with some simple questions that have been lingering for a while now . One of those questions regards the common tongue of Tyria ; New Krytan . The official wiki has still not completed a full alphabet of New Krytan glyphs . Will we have to wait until after release to turn into New Krytan experts , or is there a possibility that we complete our collection beforehand ? ''
Colin : `` I 'd love to say yes to that possibility , but unfortunately we intend to keep New Krytan in the dark like this . It should be the players exploring the language by themselves , instead of us providing the facts and glyphs just like that . New Krytan is really our most interactive Easter egg . ''
Wiki : `` I believe Ree mentioned in an interview that ArenaNet has its own official wiki , where all the information about the game is stored and organized . Is it possible that this wiki will render the community-run wiki unnecessary . ''
Colin : `` I would n't be too worried about that . The official wiki itself has done an excellent job thus far , and therefore we see no need to release our wiki to the public at this time . In addition , our information storage wiki is just a place to sort our ideas . We use a complex system of shorthand—we call it Asuran , as a reference to the industrious little geniuses—on that wiki , and I doubt it would prove useful to the gaming population at large . ''
Wiki : `` Thank you . Many of us on the official wiki have put in countless hours making it a comprehensive and helpful reference for when ‘ 'Guild Wars 2 '' is finally released . Will there be some form of in-game recognition , such as special hats , for those of us who have helped ? ''
Colin : `` We 've been trying to figure out cool ways to reward our devoted wiki-users for their hard work . Many of them will find they have in-game NPCs , similar to what we did with distinguished users in the original series . We 're considering also offering some equipable item , but what form that would take is still undecided . ''
Wiki : `` What about wiki-integration ? It has been said that Guild Wars 2 will have significantly improved wiki access , but how specifically will you incorporate it ? ''
Colin : `` The wiki integration is primarily focused on being a smooth and flawless transition from the game to the wiki .. By typing /wiki , the person can pull up the pages they need right in the game . In addition , the game will have software where players can do things such as toggle the wiki walkthroughs of events and dungeons straight into the game . '' `` We 'll also be incorporating Twitter , Facebook and Google+ . Whenever you complete specific objectives such as finishing meta-events , completing dungeons , or getting achievements , the option will be available to post the accomplishment on your live feed . Guild Wars 2 players who click the link receive chances to get awesome free stuff , including unique armor only available through social networking . Do note that these exclusive freebies are weaker than items available in-game , as well as only temporarily available . ''
Wiki : `` I know this has been asked before , but when will we finally discover the true identity of ‘ Bubbles the Deep Sea Dragon . ' The nature—and even the name—of this particular figure are shrouded in mystery . Could you guys tell us even a little bit about the water dragon ? ''
Colin : `` The nature of 'Bubbles ' is intentionally shrouded in mystery . The dragon is supposed to be weird ; Tyria is a massive and diverse continent with the strange , the beautiful , and the terrifying . I can tell you that Bubbles will be encountered underwater , though it is not exactly what you expect . ''
Wiki : `` So , when will the game finally ‘ be ready ? ' It 's been ‘ getting ready ' for many years and I suspect a large portion of the gaming population thinks it will be the next big vaporware . You could make changes to improve it indefinitely , but when will ArenaNet decide that enough is enough and release it ? ''
Colin : `` Well , to be honest ; the official release will have to be slightly postponed due to rebalancing issues with the Elder Dragons . Now , I know that this news will cause some form of shock but please hear us out first . It 's important that we get this news across clearly and completely . '' `` When we first designed Zhaitan—the main antagonist of the initial release—we wanted to make it a real challenge to bring Zhaitan down , only possible through a combination of personal storyline ( s ) and limiting the amount of players per fight . We soon realized that this approach clashes with our ideals of having a persistent , open world . From that moment on we have started to explore other options . We 're redesigning the genre altogether after all , this no less . We have decided to restructure , but mainly rebalance the Elder Dragons . '' `` We wanted to make players experience the true prowess of the Elder Dragons . These rebalancing processes aspire exactly that . We do n't want every clash with an Elder Dragon to feel anticipated , expected , clearly a choice of AI to act as best as it can be programmed . Whilst the first time fighting a specific Elder Dragon it will obviously be unique and unpredictable , but after that the battle would just be the same thing all over again ; there is nothing new in a second battle , compared to a first . '' `` And our solution is n't one you 'd expect of a professional team like ours , or anyone 's . Our solution surpasses AI completely . We have chosen to exclude AI from the battle with Elder Dragons . Every battle with an Elder Dragon will be fully open , persistent . Everyone can interject with the battle at any time , much like any dynamic event . But the difference with dynamic events is the fact that the objective is n't controlled by an AI script . The objective is controlled by an actual player . Or rather , an actual member of our team . We 've stationed various team members to take a shot at playing the Elder Dragon Zhaitan from release day onward . There is no roster we 're giving out , so you 'll never know who is playing Zhaitan at any given time . But in the end , you 're never fighting a computer . We 've turned the team you support into the team you might end up despising , because they will be your main antagonist soon . ''
Wiki : `` Wow , err , okay ! That 's rather interesting a concept to hear . You guys will be our enemy ? I hope that works out as well as it does in my mind , because that is a golden idea right there ! Anyway , before I can rabidly document this new information , there are still a bunch of questions I have to pose . You 're definitely not making this interview easy on us . On with the next question , or rather , the previous one in a slightly different context ; how will these changes of course impact the release date ? Not looking for an official release date here , but rather the amount of time you wish to further invest into the development process . Will we have to wait at least another year longer or has the team worked hard enough to not delay it all that much even with this change of plans ? ''
Colin : `` Oh , right . Got a little carried away there , sorry ! Right . We understand that all of our fans have been waiting long enough , so we will not rest until we 're absolutely ready to push these changes live . Our release is still scheduled for early-mid 2013 , contrary to earlier promises . We 're sorry about that one , we really did mean the whole of the Chinese new year . ''
Wiki : `` 2013 ? I 'm sure I 'm not alone when I say that I was expecting it to be released sometime in 2012 . Was the 2013 release date always the plan , or was it due to some unexpected complications ? Also , does the extra time until release mean that we can expect more surprises when the game finally does open ? ''
Colin : `` Yes . Leaks and breaches of NDA aside , we 've always been planning a 2013 release , preferably at the very start to poke fun at the end-of-the-world madness . The impact of our plans changing only pushes release a few months later into the year . '' `` That said , the Elder Dragons change is not the only thing our team can work on to progress development . We 're most definitely using this extra time to expand our game somewhat further . It 's been deemed alright by the Mike to inform you of the development effort we 've put into something new , yet very old . Due to this postponing of the release , we have considered older concept art that was originally intended for Guild Wars Utopia . It has always been too amazing to leave it out of our series . After debating within the company , we have decided to develop and include the Chronomancer and the Summoner in the initial release of Guild Wars 2 . ''
Wiki : `` The Chronomancer and the Summoner ? Is this a head-start for the upcoming April Fools ' prank ? Where I started doubting the validity of the Elder Dragon change , this is even more of a shock . Why include these two , or new professions in general now ? ''
Colin : `` The Chronomancer and the Summoner are our gems of old . They never truly fit into the original Guild Wars series , but their style of gameplay would fit perfectly in a dynamic game as Guild Wars 2 . We saw the window of opportunity much too late , but because of our new schedule we have found the time to work them out and put them in the game . ''
Wiki : `` How will these two professions wrap up the full list of playable professions ? There were two soldiers , three adventurers , and three scholars . No matter how you rearrange them , there will always be one too many to keep the numbers aligned . ''
Colin : `` Yet the answer is simple . We point back to our first success . the original Guild Wars . After all the campaigns were introduced we ended up with two “ soldiers , ” the paragon and the warrior ; three “ adventurers , ” the assassin , the dervish and the ranger ; and five “ scholars , ” the elementalist , the mesmer , the monk , the necromancer , and the ritualist . That trend returns in Guild Wars 2 , where you will find two soldiers , three adventurers and five scholars , which means the Chronomancer and the Summoner will both be wearing light armor . We 'll have blog posts up to “ reveal ” these two new professions soon . ''
Wiki : `` I think I can safely say we 're all looking forward to those posts already . But all of this news does provoke another question ; is there anything else we should be expecting ? Now that you did find the time , perhaps development can focus on empty areas such as the Crystal Desert ? ''
Colin : `` The Crystal Desert is already being worked on behind the scenes , but that content is certainly scheduled for a big patch somewhere after release . At least our fans will still have something to look forward to within Tyria , haha . ''
Wiki : `` I guess that 's fair . The whole game in one release would probably keep us occupied for much too long to enjoy the content until a next big patch , yet leaves us wanting more . Are there any mechanics included into the game that will give us something to do if all else might miraculously fail ? ''
Colin : `` We certainly hope our content will always remain entertaining , no matter what . But in the event that you do find yourself lacking entertainment , a certain great-great-great-great grandson of a certain traveller will travel across Tyria constantly to make you laugh . ''
Wiki : `` I ca n't wait to see their companion , then . And with that we 've officially run out of questions for this interview . ''
Wiki : `` We thank you for joining us , Colin . Here 's to hoping you or someone else from ArenaNet will be back to speak to us . On behalf of the entire wiki , we would like to thank you for this interview . ''
