Edward Connors may refer to :
Eddie Connors , a character on Sunset Beach
Edward G. Connors , Irish-American associate of the Winter Hill Gang
See also
Edward Connor ( disambiguation )
Yuhbae is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae .
Theclini
Lycaenidae genera
Goldenhurst Farm ( now Goldenhurst Manor and The Old House , Goldenhurst ) is a country house of 17th century origins in the village of Aldington , Kent . From 1926 to 1956 , it was the country home of Noël Coward . It is a Grade II listed building .
Coward 1926–56
Coward found the property after placing an advert in the Kentish Times and receiving only one reply . Initially renting the farm from a Mr Body , Coward bought it in 1927 . In extensive rebuilding and renovation in 1927–9 , they linked together `` the farmhouse , the square edifice , one of the barns and an adjoining cottage '' to create a substantial country house .
They wrote Cavalcade at Goldenhurst in 1931 . During the Second World War the house was requisitioned by the Army and Coward moved temporarily to White Cliffs , a house they rented at St Margaret 's Bay . They finally returned to Goldenhurst in December 1951 , recording in their diary ; `` We arrived at 1.55 - the house and land seemed to envelop me in a warm and lovely welcome . We spent the day hanging more pictures etc . Utterly exhausted but deeply and profoundly happy . I am home again . '' But the post-war tax regime made the expense of running the large house increasingly burdensome , Coward writing to Laurence Olivier in 1957 ; `` Goldenhurst ( five gardeners all year round , lighting , heat etc . ) was costing a fortune . '' They therefore sold the house , and their London home in Gerald Road , in 1956 and moved abroad for tax reasons , dividing their time between Les Avants in Switzerland and , firstly Bermuda , and then Firefly , their home in Jamaica .
Description
The house is timber-framed , of brick and Kentish ragstone , with a tiled roof and is now sub-divided into two separate properties .
Between 2006 and 2018 , part of the house was home to the comedian and novelist Julian Clary . The gardens of Goldenhurst were featured in the 2017 book The Secret Gardeners by Victoria Summerley and photographer Hugo Rittson Thomas .
Notes
References
References
Farmhouses in England
Houses in Kent
Grade II listed buildings in Kent
Grade II listed houses
Noël Coward
is a 3D augmented reality video game developed and published by Genius Sonority for the Nintendo 3DS 's eShop . It was released in Japan on February 8 , 2012 , in North America on September 27 , 2012 , and in Europe and Australia on December 6 , 2012 . A sequel named The Denpa Men 2 : Beyond the Waves was released in Japan and in the West . The title features improved gameplay , more dungeons , and other additions . The third game in the series , The Denpa Men 3 : The Rise of Digitoll , was released in Japan on August 7 , 2013 , in North America , Europe and Australia on May 8 , 2014 . On July 2 , 2014 , it was announced that a fourth title , The Denpa Men RPG Free ! would be free-to-play . It was released in Japan on July 23 , 2014 . A fifth title , The New Denpa Men was released on mobiles in 2017 , but shut down in May 2019 . Due to the closure of the Nintendo eShop on March 27 , 2023 , the trilogy will no longer be purchasable after the specified date ( as will the rest of the software available on the digital storefront ) , though it will remain available to redownload if already owned before the closure along with software updates for some time .
Gameplay
In The Denpa Men , the player captures Denpa Men to form a party to explore dungeons . Using the Nintendo 3DS 's camera , Denpa Men will appear in the player 's surroundings when near a Wi-Fi signal or scanning a QR code . Denpa Men differ by name , color , appearance , and abilities .
Combat is not random and follows the traditional role-playing formula with an auto-battle option . Other common role-playing elements that appear in the game are treasure chests , item shops , and non-player characters .
When dungeons are left , Denpa Men that were collected by being caught will leave the party . By purchasing offerings from the in-game shop , Denpa Men can be revived , and will rejoin the player party .
Setting
The Denpa Men live on a small island which has a house , a shrine so that if Denpa Men die , players can retrieve them , a shop , and a tower that has an antenna on it that allows the player to catch Denpa Men called Antenna Tower . There is also a dock with a boat that takes players to many different islands in the game . Players can soon unlock a museum of Denpa Men , a PC for QR Code scanning , and an item shop .
Reception
`` The Denpa Men '' was given a rating of 7.5 on Metacritic . Reviewers praised the game for its music , art style , and gameplay , but criticized the high difficulty and poor translation .
References
External links
Official website
2012 video games
Genius Sonority games
Nintendo 3DS eShop games
Nintendo 3DS-only games
Role-playing video games
Video games scored by Hitoshi Sakimoto
Video games scored by Masaharu Iwata
Video games developed in Japan
Nintendo 3DS games
HealthCare Volunteer is a non-profit organization that connects volunteers with a health-related volunteering opportunity . The organization provides medical , dental , and surgical services to needy patients and impoverished people worldwide , through indirect and direct patient-care programs .
The company also provides a social networking application that allows health volunteers to connect with each other and create new volunteer teams . The organization has matched over 290,000 volunteers to nearly 3,300 organizations worldwide . In total , over 1.5 million patients have received health care as a result of its indirect and direct patient care programs .
History
In 2005 , during their first year at UCLA Dental School , Patel decided to travel to Brazil to provide dental services to underserved communities . But , they encountered difficulties in finding volunteer opportunities , having contacted more than 15 Brazilian organizations and receiving no response . They found that other dental and medical students had experienced similar problems . To address this problem , Patel created the Dental Volunteer and later HealthCare Volunteer to help connect students with volunteer opportunities .
During Dental school , Neilesh Patel said they spent many `` pizza nights '' – subsisting on pizza and pulling all-nighters teaching themselves how to program and build a Web site , which became the backbone of HealthCare Volunteer . They said they were driven by the belief that all qualified applicants should have the opportunity to volunteer . Soon , now-orthopedic surgeon Elliot Mendelosohn , also a biomedical engineering major in their undergraduate days , joined Patel to help build HealthCare Volunteer .
Founded by Neilesh Patel DDS and Elliot Mendelsohn MD in November 2005 , HealthCare Volunteer has a large listing of health-related volunteering opportunities serving the non-profit sector . Volunteers include physicians , dentists , medical students , and dental assistants , who donate their time to provide services including free surgery and dental care . The organization has direct patient care programs in over 10 countries including India , Ecuador , Kenya , Tanzania , Liberia , Cameroon , and Paraguay .
In 2007 , Patel was selected as a YouthActionNet Fellow in recognition of the organization 's efforts , which was awarded at the Embassy of Finland in Washington DC . In 2008 , Patel was awarded the UCLA Charles E Young Humanitarian Award for their work in global health . Patel reportedly dropped out of the UCLA MBA Program in 2007 after starting classes their first quarter as the first ever student in the integrated DDS/MBA program in order to focus on HV 's growth .
Patel and Mendelsohn have also established HealthCare Tourism International , the first non profit medical tourism accreditation service . Patel started their first non-profit StudentsHelp.org ( www.studentshelp.org ) at age 17 , which helped provide computer services and technical support to needy people around the world .
In 2013 , Patel received the Samuel S. Beard Award for Greatest Public Service by an Individual 35 Years or Under , an award given out annually by Jefferson Awards .
Volunteer networking
One of the unique features of the HealthCare Volunteer website is its ability to allow volunteers to create online profiles and connect with other volunteers . Once volunteers have signed up and created their profiles , they can form volunteering teams for service at home or abroad .
Exercising a 'free volunteering ' philosophy
HealthCare Volunteer has sought to reduce the financial burdens for both volunteers and organizations . First , volunteers pay no money to search HealthCare Volunteer for volunteering opportunities nor must organizations pay any money to post their volunteering opportunities on HealthCare Volunteer . Secondly , HealthCare Volunteer strives to exclusively partner with organizations that do not charge their volunteers additional money beyond accommodation and other essential services in order to volunteer . HealthCare Volunteer believes that volunteers are already volunteering their time and effort , and should not be required to pay additional fees above the basic costs ( travel , accommodation , and basic services ) .
Organizational awards
In 2007 , HealthCare Volunteer began awarding volunteers who helped advance the mission of HealthCare Volunteer .
2007 Awards :
2008 Awards :
See also
List of awards for volunteerism and community service
References
External links
HealthCare Volunteer website
Dental Volunteer website
New York Times mention
Shreveport Times mention
Brainstorming Interview with Company 's Founder
Company 's Founder mentioned in the Financial Times
Company 's Founder , Neilesh Patel , awarded Humanitarian Award
Company 's Founder mentioned by UCLA Newsroom
HealthCare Volunteer acquires HealthCare Tourism International
Non-profit organizations based in Los Angeles
International medical and health organizations
Charities based in California
Health charities in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in California
Medical volunteerism
The Niš Football Subassociation , known as NLP , ( Serbo-Croato-Slovenian : Niški loptački podsavez / Нишки лоптачки подсавез - НЛП ) was one of the regional football governing bodies under the tutorial of the Football Association of Yugoslavia . It was formed on 8 March 1931 having been part of the Belgrade Football Subassociation until then .
It included the clubs from the municipalities of Niš , Kruševac , Zaječar , Negotin , Bor , Knjaževac , and Leskovac which was part of the Skoplje Football Subassociation . The Subassociation counts 35 clubs in 1937 , and 52 in 1940 .
The presidents of the Niš Football Subassociation were Bogoljub Petrović ( 1931 - 1933 ) , Vasa Bukva ( 1933 - 1934 ) , Agor Agorić ( 1934 - 1936 ) , Vlada Zamfirović ( 1936 - 1940 ) and Đura Spasić ( 1940 - 1941 ) .
Seasons and champions
1932 : Sinđelić Niš
1933 : Građanski Niš . Note : The clubs that played in the 1932–33 Yugoslav Football Championship did not participate , as the two leagues were played simultaneously and the BLP had a qualifying character for the next season .
1934 : Građanski Niš
1935 :
1936 : Građanski Niš
1937 : Note : It was adopted a system where the clubs competing in the national championship do not compete at subassociation level as well .
1938 : Obilić Kruševac
1939 : Železničar Niš
1940 : Car Lazar Kruševac
1941 : Železničar Niš
References
Football governing bodies in Serbia
Football governing bodies in Yugoslavia
1931 establishments in Serbia
Sports organizations established in 1931
Stéphanie Dumont ( born 5 February 1968 ) is a French former speed skater . They represented France at the 1988 Winter Olympics in the speed skating event .
References
External links
Profile at Speedskatingbase
1968 births
Living people
French female speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of France
Tokata Iron Eyes ( born 2003/2004 ) is a Native American activist and member of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe . Iron Eyes was a youth leader of `` ReZpect our Water '' , a campaign against the proposed route of the Dakota Access Pipeline and also served on the board of a new sustainable energy group called Indigenized Energy .
Activism
Iron Eyes began their activism at age nine , when they testified against a uranium mine in the Black Hills . At age 12 , they spoke in a viral video advocating for action against the Dakota Access Pipeline , which later sparked the social media campaign , `` Rezpect Our Water . '' In September 2019 , Iron Eyes met youth climate activist Greta Thunberg at George Washington University . Iron Eyes invited Thunberg to Iron Eyes ' homelands , and the two held multiple rallies together in North Dakota and South Dakota in October 2019 , including at the Red Cloud Indian School on the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota , where Iron Eyes was a student ; at the Youth Climate Activism Panel in Rapid City , South Dakota ; and at Standing Rock High School in Fort Yates , North Dakota .
Iron Eyes also served on the board of a new sustainable energy group called Indigenized Energy .
Personal life
Tokata Iron Eyes is the child of Chase Iron Eyes , an activist , attorney , and politician , and Sara Jumping Eagle , a pediatrician and environmental activist . Tokata Iron Eyes is also a singer and songwriter , and attended Bard College at Simon 's Rock .
According to their father Iron Eyes is nonbinary . In a series of Instagram posts in June 2022 , Iron Eyes has used both the name Tokatawin and , at times , the name Gibson ; for a while in June the pronoun on the account was `` she '' ; on June 22 , 2022 , the pronouns were changed to `` she/they '' .
Relationship with Ezra Miller
In June 2022 , Iron Eyes ' parents filed legal documents asking a judge to issue an order of protection against actor Ezra Miller on behalf of Iron Eyes , due to Miller allegedly using `` violence , intimidation , threat of violence , fear , paranoia , delusions , and drugs '' including marijuana and LSD to hold sway over Iron Eyes . Although Iron Eyes is 18 , due to tribal regulations Iron Eyes ' parents are still considered their legal guardians .
Iron Eyes ' parents claim that an inappropriate relationship began between the pair in 2016 , during the Dakota Access Pipeline protests , when Miller was 23 and Iron Eyes was 12 . The parents further claim , and photos document , that the year after the two met , Iron Eyes flew to London to visit Miller on the set of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them ; in 2021 Tokata dropped out of school , allegedly to follow Miller . Iron Eyes ' parents also alleged in the legal documents that Miller caused bruises on Tokata Iron Eyes and that Miller had given Iron Eyes a large amount of LSD in 2020 . A response came via Tokata Iron Eyes ' Instagram account , denying the parents ' allegations , declaring themselves to be both mentally stable and in contact with a mental health professional .
I parents ' countered by claiming their child does not control their social media . Iron Eyes stated in the video response that it 's their own choice not to have a phone . , law enforcement has been unable to locate Miller to serve them with the order . Miller then posted messages on their Instagram account mocking the court 's attempts to find them , but has since deleted them .
In August , Miller 's former music collaborator Oliver Ignatius stated that they had witnessed Miller verbally abuse Iron Eyes over their wearing makeup . Iron Eyes defended Miller by referring to the incident as `` a catty comment '' and a part of `` queer dialogue '' ; they called the allegation of abuse `` homophobic '' .
According to a September 2022 Vanity Fair article , the tribal court dismissed the request for a permanent protective order , and the parents say they withdrew their request for custody , believing the odds were stacked against them ; the same article reports that Miller claims to be Jesus , the devil , and the next Messiah while Iron Eyes believes themselves to be a Native American spider goddess . They believe their relationship will bring about a Native American revolution followed by the apocalypse .
Awards and recognition
In January 2020 , Iron Eyes was featured on Disney+ in an episode of Marvel 's Hero Project as `` Thrilling Tokata . '' In May 2020 , they were named one of the Ms. Foundation 's 2020 Women of Vision , and they received the Peggy C. Charren Free to Be You and Me Award .
See also
List of solved missing person cases
Notes
References
External links
The Indigenous Youth Fighting Against Environmental Destruction – `` 'Respect our water , respect our land , respect our people . ' On the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota , 17-year-old Indigenous climate activist Tokata Iron Eyes struggles to balance their personal goals and schoolwork while continuing the fight for Indigenous rights and land back . '' Video by VICE
2004 births
2020s missing person cases
21st-century apocalypticists
21st-century Native Americans
Activists from North Dakota
American child activists
Bard College alumni
Deified people
Formerly missing people
LGBT Native Americans
LGBT people from North Dakota
Living people
Missing person cases in the United States
Native American environmentalists
Non-binary activists
Sioux people
The Zlín XIII was a fast single or two seat aircraft , designed and built in Czechoslovakia in the late 1930s . Its development was ended by the disruption of Czechoslovakia in the approach to World War II .
Design and development
The Zlín XIII was a very aerodynamically clean , low-powered , all wood monoplane with a one-piece , low set , tapered wing equipped with flaps . It was powered by a Walter Minor four cylinder inverted engines , driving a two blade propeller and with a fixed , faired tailwheel undercarriage . The enclosed cockpit placed the pilot well behind the wing trailing edge with a passenger seat ahead of him ; a change of canopy to a shorter version , together with a forward fairing , removed the forward seat . This versatility was intended to allow the type XIII to operate as either a high speed executive transport or as a single seat competition aircraft .
The Zlín XIII was displayed as a two seater at the 10th Prague Aero Show in July 1937 , having made its first flight earlier in the year . It was entered into the French Circuit de l'Est race , but arrived late too late to compete . The German annexation of the Sudetenland in 1938 , and the subsequent fragmentation of Czechoslovakia ended development and prevented production , so only the prototype was built .
Aircraft on display
National Technical Museum ( Prague ) ; OK-TBZ , the sole Zlín XIII , in single seat form .
Specifications
References
1930s Czechoslovakian sport aircraft
XIII
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1937
Queen and Country is a 2007 artwork by British artist Steve McQueen . The work is a set of 155 sheets of stamps , each sheet commemorating a soldier who was killed in the Iraq War between 2003 and 2008 . The work was a co-commission between the Manchester International Festival and the Imperial War Museum .
Background
McQueen was commissioned , under the official war artists ' programme at the Imperial War Museum , to produce a work of art about the British Armed Forces in the Iraq war . In 2006 they travelled to Basra where they spent six days embedded with British troops . Initially they planned to produce a film about the troops they witnessed serving in Iraq but was frustrated by the restrictions on movement placed on him . They approached the US armed forces to work with them but that fell through .
Later at their home in Amsterdam , McQueen was posting their tax return when they noticed the stamp on the envelope had a portrait of Vincent van Gogh . The idea of using a stamp came to him : `` a stamp has a beautiful scale , the proportions are right , the image , it is recognisable , and then it goes out into the world , who knows where . Perfect . Wonderful '' McQueen said .
When McQueen suggested it to the Ministry of Defence they were lukewarm about the idea , suggesting that McQueen do a landscape instead . The MOD would not supply photos of the deceased , so McQueen used a researcher to contact the families of those who had lost loved ones in Iraq and request an image of their loved ones . McQueen initially contacted 115 families : 98 agreed and 4 refused .
They created an oak cabinet containing a series of facsimile postage sheets which are mounted on 120 double-sided vertical panels , which can be withdrawn for viewing . Each sheet shows multiple portrait heads , each one dedicated to a deceased soldier , with details of name , regiment , age and date of death printed in the margin . The cabinet is ordered in chronological order from the four Royal Marines and three members of the Royal Regiment of Artillery who died on 21 March 2003 , to Sergeant `` Baz '' Barwood of the RAF , who was killed on 29 February 2008 .
Royal Mail response
McQueen 's intention was that the stamps would be issued by the Royal Mail for general use , however despite applying to the Royal Mail they were turned down . The Royal Mail said that service personnel and their families would find pictures of the dead featuring on stamps `` distressing and disrespectful '' . However the stamps have received support from families , the general public and members of the armed forces .
McQueen said `` An official set of Royal Mail stamps struck me as an intimate but distinguished way of highlighting the sacrifice of individuals in defence of our national ideals . The stamps would focus on individual experience without euphemism . It would form an intimate reflection of national loss that would involve the families of the dead and permeate the everyday – every household and every office . ''
The work premiered in the Great Hall at Central Library , Manchester in March 2007 , between then and July 2010 it toured the UK .
McQueen considers the work incomplete until the stamps are released to the public , to that end a petition was created to gather support for the issuing of the stamps which had acquired 26,673 signatures by July 2010 .
References
External links
Queen and Country at Art Fund official site
Topical postage stamps
War art
Collection of the Imperial War Museum
Works about the Iraq War
George Gush ( as of 1980 ) was the head of the history section of West Kent College 's `` Social and Academic Studies Department '' , and is now retired . They are most notable for their work on wargaming .
They are the founder of the Tunbridge Wells Wargames Society and was its chairperson until 2007 . In its early days the society had met at George Gush 's house
Writings by George Gush
Renaissance Armies 1480 - 1650 Patrick Stephens , 1975 .
A Guide to Wargaming with Andrew Finch , 1980 .
See also
Don Featherstone
Charles Grant
References
British historians
Miniature wargames
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Fleming is a large lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon 's far side , and can not be seen from the Earth . It lies about a crater diameter to the east-northeast of Hertz , and to the northwest of Lobachevskiy .
The low rim of this formation is heavily eroded and overlaid by multiple smaller craters . The most notable of these is Fleming along the southern rim , while another , only slightly smaller crater cuts across the lower eastern rim . The interior floor is also marked by a number of small impacts and a few ghost-crater rims .
The crater was named after Alexander and Williamina Fleming . Prior to naming in 1970 by the IAU , this crater was known as Crater 203 .
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Fleming .
References
External links
Fleming at The Moon Wiki
Impact craters on the Moon
William Howard Radford ( 8 September 1930 – 21 January 2022 ) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in The Football League for Bristol Rovers for eleven years between 1951 and 1962 .
Radford , who was born in Abercynon , began their playing career in the nearby village of Penrhiwceiber . They were invited for a trial by Bristol Rovers in May 1951 , and three months later they joined them on professional terms . They went on to make 244 League appearances for them before retiring from football in 1962 , including being part of their Third Division title-winning team in the 1952–53 season .
Following their retirement they managed a number of public houses , firstly the Checkers in Old Market , then the Ring o ' Bells in Coalpit Heath and the Bishop Lacey Inn in Chudleigh . Later on they worked as a flight attendant in Chudleigh Conservative Club and as a security guard with British Aerospace .
Radford suffered a major stroke in October 2021 and was discharged from hospital in December of the same year . On 22 January 2022 , Bristol Rovers reported that Radford had died the previous day , at the age of 91 . At the time of their death Radford was the second oldest surviving player to have played for the club .
References
1930 births
2022 deaths
People from Abercynon
Welsh footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Bristol Rovers F.C . players
Gol Zardeh ( ) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kangavar County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 21 , in 4 families .
References
Populated places in Kangavar County
Otnjukovia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae .
It is monotypic containing only Otnjukovia tatjana ( Zhdanko , 1984 ) from
Kazakhstan ( Zhetyzhol Mountains , Almaty ) .
References
Zhdanko , A . B. , 1984 . A review of the genus Turanana Bethune-Baker , with descriptions of Turanana tatjana sp . n. and Otaria subgenus , from Kazakhstan . Trudy Zool . inst . Leningrad 122 : 98–105 .
Ugelvig , L.V. , Vila , R. , Pierce , N.E . & Nash , D.R. , 2011 . A phylogenetic revision of the Glaucopsyche section ( Lepidoptera : Lycaenidae ) , with special focus on the Phengaris–Maculinea clade . Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 61 ( 1 ) : 237–243 .
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Aphyonus is a genus of blind cusk eels from the family Aphyonidae . It contains four species . A sampling of specimens of Aphyonus showed that the type species of Aphyonus , A. gelatinosus , was not closely related to the other known species in the genus , and a new genus Paraphyonus was named for these , including two newly identified species . The result of this classification is that Aphyonus would be a monotypic genus .
Species
The four species of Aphyonus are :
Aphyonus bolini Nielsen , 1974
Aphyonus brevidorsalis Nielsen , 1969
Aphyonus gelatinosus Günther , 1878
Aphyonus rassi Nielsen , 1975
References
Aphyonidae
Ray-finned fish genera
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Paul John Slater ( born 22 March 1958 ) is a retired Anglican bishop . From 2018 until January 2022 , they were the Bishop of Kirkstall , a suffragan bishop in the Diocese of Leeds . They were Archdeacon of Craven from 2005 to April 2014 , Archdeacon of Richmond and Craven from April 2014 to July 2015 , and Bishop of Richmond from 2015 until their title ( but not role ) changed in 2018 .
Early life
Slater was born on 22 March 1958 . They were educated at Bradford Grammar School , then a direct grant grammar school in Bradford , Yorkshire . They studied chemistry at Corpus Christi College , Oxford and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts ( BA ) degree ; this was promoted to an Oxford Master of Arts ( MA Oxon ) degree in 1983 . In 1981 , they entered Cranmer Hall ( part of St John 's College , Durham ) to study for ordination . They graduated from Durham University with a BA degree in theology in 1983 and completed a further year of training for ministry at Cranmer Hall .
Ordained ministry
They were ordained in the Anglican ministry as a deacon in 1984 and a priest in 1985 . From 1984 to 1988 , they served their curacy at St Andrews 's , Keighley , in the Diocese of Bradford . They were then Priest in charge of St John the Evangelist , Cullingworth and Director of the Diocesan Foundation Course between 1988 and 1993 . They then became the Bishop of Bradford 's Personal Executive Assistant from 1993 to 1995 and was also Warden of Readers from 1992 to 1996 . They served as the Rector of St Michael and All Angels Church , Haworth from 1995 to 2001 , and then the Bishop 's Officer for Ministry and Mission from 2001 to 2005 .
They were appointed the Archdeacon of Craven in 2005 and the acting Archdeacon of Richmond on 2 February 2014 , before becoming the Archdeacon of Richmond and Craven when the two posts were merged on 20 April 2014 . Their residence was Kadugli House , Keighley .
Episcopal ministry
On 18 June 2015 , it was announced that Slater was to be the next Bishop of Richmond , a suffragan bishop in the Diocese of Leeds . The bishopric of Richmond had been in abeyance since 1921 . They were consecrated during a service at Ripon Cathedral on 19 July by John Sentamu , Archbishop of York . This was the first consecration to take place in Ripon Cathedral since that of Thomas de Kirkcudbright as Bishop of Galloway in 1293 .
On 14 March 2018 , Slater 's See was translated from Richmond to Kirkstall ( in Leeds ) by Order in Council ; so , keeping the same role , they became Bishop of Kirkstall .
In October 2021 , it was announced that Slater would retire from the post on 31 January 2022 .
Personal life
Slater is married to Beverley who works in the National Health Service . Together , they have two adult sons .
References
1958 births
Living people
Archdeacons of Craven
Archdeacons of Richmond
Anglican bishops of Richmond
Bishops of Kirkstall
20th-century English Anglican priests
21st-century English Anglican priests
Alumni of Christ Church , Oxford
People educated at Bradford Grammar School
Alumni of Cranmer Hall , Durham
Joseph Dalton ( born 1915 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a left half .
Career
Born in Bradford , Dalton played for Bradford City and Shrewsbury Town . For Bradford City they made 17 appearances in the Football League , scoring 3 goals ; they also made 1 appearance in the FA Cup .
Sources
References
1915 births
Year of death missing
English footballers
Bradford City A.F.C . players
Shrewsbury Town F.C . players
English Football League players
Association football wing halves
Malamorenò is the second album released by the Italian singer Arisa , it features the single `` Malamorenò '' .
Track list
Charts
References
2010 albums
Arisa albums
Warner Music Group albums
Italian-language albums
Bring It Home may refer to :
`` Bring It Home '' , a song by Poison from their 1993 album Native Tongue
Bring It Home , a 1994 album by Savoy Brown
Bring It Home ( Fateh album ) , 2016
`` Bring It Home '' , a song by Feeder from their 2001 album Echo Park
`` Bring It Home '' , a song by Swollen Members from their 2002 album Monsters in the Closet
See also
Bring It On Home ( disambiguation ) , several songs
`` Bring It On Home to Me '' , a 1961 song written and released by Sam Cooke
Bringing It All Back Home , a 1965 album by Bob Dylan
Alexandru Ioanovici ( born March 30 , 1974 ) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Romania , who represented their native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia . They are best known for winning the bronze medal in the men 's 4×100 m freestyle relay event at the 1995 FINA Short Course World Championships in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
References
sports-reference
1974 births
Living people
Romanian male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Romania
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Twinn may refer to :
Ian Twinn ( born 1950 ) , British Conservative politician
Peter Twinn ( 1916–2004 ) , British mathematician , World War II codebreaker and entomologist
Schwinn Twinn , a tandem bicycle
Walter Patrick Twinn ( 1934–1997 ) , Canadian Chief of the Sawridge First Nation
See also
Twin ( disambiguation )
Twinning ( disambiguation )
SafeLives is a UK-based charity working in the area of domestic violence . It was founded by Diana Barran , who served as its chief executive from 2004 to 2017 . Barran was succeeded as chief executive by Suzanne Jacob . The charity has worked in partnership with other violence/domestic violence charities including Leap Confronting Conflict and Respect . Following the 2018 conviction of Stephen Searle for the murder of Anne Searle , SafeLives criticised the BBC 's coverage of domestic violence , arguing that it contained `` victim-blaming stereotypes '' .
References
Charities based in the United Kingdom
Domestic violence awareness
Htun Htun Oo ( ; also spelt Tun Tun Oo ; born 28 July 1956 ) is the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Myanmar ( Burma ) . They were nominated by President Thein Sein to the post in February 2011 . They previously served as Captain in the Southwestern Regional Command of the Myanmar Army from 1981 to 1989 , and held the posts of Military Advocate General ( 1990-1994 ) and Deputy Chief Justice ( 2007-2011 ) .
On 31 January 2022 , the U.S. Department of the Treasury added Htun Tun Oo to its Specially Designated Nationals ( SDN ) list .
References
Burmese military personnel
Burmese judges
1956 births
Living people
Chief justices
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List
Peter Tichý ( born 12 March 1969 ) is a Slovak racewalker . They competed in the men 's 50 kilometres walk at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics .
References
1969 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Slovak male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Slovakia
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Paul Taisuke Narui , S.V.D . is the new bishop elect of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Niigata , Japan .
Early life
Narui was born on 24 November 1973 in Iwakura , Japan .
Priesthood
Narui joined Society of the Divine Word on 1986 and was ordained a priest on 10 March 2001 . They obtained a bachelor 's degree from Nanzan University .
Episcopate
On 31 May 2020 , Pope Francis appointed Narui as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Niigata , Japan . They were consecrated on 22 September 2020 by Tarcisio Isao Kikuchi .
References
Living people
1973 births
People from Iwakura , Aichi
Divine Word Missionaries Order
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Japan
Bishops appointed by Pope Francis
Japanese Roman Catholic bishops
Caroline Mytinger ( March 6 , 1897 — November 3 , 1980 ) , was an American portrait painter born in Sacramento , California , and raised in Cleveland , Ohio . They are best known for their paintings of indigenous people in the South Seas during the late 1920s . These paintings are in the custody of the Phoebe Apperson Hearst Museum of Anthropology on UC Berkeley 's campus in Berkeley , CA . Them work was featured in the museum 's 2008 exhibition “ Face to Face : Looking at Objects That Look at You . ”
Biography
In March 1926 they traveled to the Solomon Islands and Papua-New Guinea , with their childhood friend Margaret Warner . They only brought $ 400 between them , planning `` to support themselves by painting portraits of white colonials encountered along the way . ''
They produced paintings and two books about their experience . One notable painting was a portrait of a canoe builder named Iomai .
Mytinger and Warner both returned to the United States in 1930 . The two books were published in the 1940s . In 1943 Mytinger bought a one-bedroom studio and became a permanent resident of Monterey , California an art colony on California 's Pacific coastline .
The 2017 documentary Headhunt Revisited : With Brush , Canvas , and Camera features Seattle photographer and filmmaker Michele Westmorland traveling to the South Pacific to follow Mytinger 's footsteps . The film premiered in Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .
Selected bibliography
Head-hunting in the Solomon Islands , Caroline Mytinger , Macmillan Publishers , 1942
New Guinea Headhunt , Caroline Mytinger , Macmillan Publishers , 1946
References
Sources
Smithsonian , April 2006 , p. 82–89 .
A Gibson Girl in New Guinea , retrieved June 25 , 2017
1897 births
1980 deaths
American women painters
Headhunting accounts and studies
American portrait painters
Painters from California
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
Artists from Sacramento , California
Artists from Cleveland
Painters from Ohio
Events from the year 1911 in Scotland .
Incumbents
Secretary for Scotland and Keeper of the Great Seal – John Sinclair , 1st Baron Pentland
Law officers
Lord Advocate – Alexander Ure
Solicitor General for Scotland – William Hunter ; then Andrew Anderson
Judiciary
Lord President of the Court of Session and Lord Justice General – Lord Dunedin
Lord Justice Clerk – Lord Kingsburgh
Events
27 January – opening of Scottish Motor Exhibition in Edinburgh .
March–April – eleven thousand workers at the Singer Manufacturing Co. sewing machine factory on Clydebank go on strike in solidarity with twelve female colleagues protesting against work process reorganisation ; four hundred alleged ringleaders are dismissed .
2 May–4 November – Scottish Exhibition of National History , Art and Industry at Kelvingrove Park , Glasgow .
9 May – a fire at the Empire Palace Theatre in Edinburgh kills eleven people , including illusionist Sigmund Neuberger ( `` The Great Lafayette '' ) and also their lion and horse ; they are buried in Piershill Cemetery with their dog Beauty .
19 July – Thistle Chapel , designed by Robert Lorimer , dedicated in St Giles ' Cathedral , Edinburgh .
24 July – start of Scottish leg of first Daily Mail Circuit of Britain air race , Hendon–Harrogate–Newcastle–Edinburgh–Stirling–Glasgow–Carlisle .
11 September – Sir Fitzroy Maclean , 10th Baronet , buys the ruined Duart Castle on the Isle of Mull to restore as the seat of the Clan Maclean .
11 November – Barclay Curle launch cargo ship Jutlandia at their Clydeholm yard , the first British-built oil-engined vessel designed for ocean service .
16 October – new building for the Mitchell Library opened in Glasgow .
The Pavilion opened at Ayr .
Births
11 February – Alec Cairncross , economist ( died 1998 )
11 March – Sir Fitzroy Maclean , 1st Baronet , soldier , writer and politician ( died 1996 )
24 January – Muir Mathieson , film composer ( died 1975 )
14 May – Sir John Ritchie Inch , police Chief Constable ( died 1993 )
31 May – Leonard Boden , portrait painter ( died 1999 )
16 June – Bobby Ancell football player and manager ( died 1987 )
9 July – Brigadier Simon Fraser , 15th Lord Lovat , Chief of Clan Fraser of Lovat and Commando ( died 1995 )
26 October – Sorley MacLean , poet ( died 1996 )
4 December – William Baxter , Labour MP for West Stirlingshire ( 1959–1974 ) ( died 1979 )
Deaths
14 February – Eustace Balfour , architect ( born 1854 )
21 May – Williamina Fleming , astronomer , discoverer of the Horsehead Nebula ( born 1857 )
4 October – Joseph Bell , surgeon ( born 1837 )
11 December – William McGregor , football administrator and founder of the Football League ( born 1846 )
Robert Hamilton Paterson , architect ( born 1843 )
The arts
Release of Rob Roy , the first British-made three-reel feature film , shot by the Scottish company United Films Ltd in studios at Rouken Glen on the edge of Glasgow and on location in Aberfoyle .
Violet Jacob 's historical novel Flemington is published .
Harry Lauder writes the popular song `` Roamin ' In The Gloamin ' '' .
Ayr Picture Palace opens , the town 's first purpose-built cinema .
See also
Timeline of Scottish history
References
Scotland
Years of the 20th century in Scotland
1910s in Scotland
Monopol Hotel in Katowice is a five star historic hotel located in Katowice , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland at Dworcowa Street 5 .
History
The hotel was built in 1900 in the eclectic style with elements of Art Nouveau and Gothic Revival architecture on the site of former Cafe Central . It was designed by architect Ludwik Goldstein and officially opened in 1902 . It quickly became one of the most representational hotels in the city . Its first owner was Arnold Lustig . The hotel is located opposite the Katowice historic train station and in the 1930s it housed the Orbis travel agency , restaurants , cafes , hairdersser 's studio as well as the Kaftal lottery hall . During World War II , the hotel building was taken over and managed by the Germans . After they war , the hotel was the seat of such institutions as PKO Bank Polski and Polish Press Agency . At the beginning of 21st century , the hotel was renovated and in 2007 it acquired the five-star status . Today it is part of the Likus Hotele & Restauracje group which belongs to the Likus family of hoteliers who also manage luxury hotels in Kraków , Łódź and Wrocław .
Notable guests
Among the prominent guests of the hotel are Jan Kiepura , Arthur Rubinstein , Josephine Baker , Karol Szymanowski , Eugeniusz Bodo , Marta Eggerth , Deep Purple , Woody Allen , David Beckham and Paris Hilton . In 2012 , the England national football team as well as the Portugal national football team stayed at the hotel during the UEFA Euro 2012 .
See also
Monopol Hotel , Wrocław
List of hotels in Poland
References
Hotels in Poland
Buildings and structures in Katowice
Hotel buildings completed in 1902
Guneh ( , also Romanized as Gūneh ; also known as Goneh ) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District , Khenejin District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 97 , in 35 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Veantro Bay is a bay on the northwest coast of Shapinsay in the Orkney Islands , Scotland .
At the head of the bay is a large stone , thought to be associated with Viking settlement of Shapinsay , known as the Odin 's Stone . It has been suggested that prehistoric man on Shapinsay , who inhabited Castle Bloody and Burroughston Broch , would have exploited the seafood resources of Lairo Water , an ayre at Veantro Bay . In 2005 , the Orkney Community Councils opposed an application for a fish farm on Veantro Bay citing environmental concerns and competition with local fishermen .
See also
Lairo Water
Quholm
References
Bays of Orkney
Shapinsay
Chevron is an unincorporated community in Scott County , Kansas , United States .
References
Further reading
External links
Scott County maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Unincorporated communities in Scott County , Kansas
Unincorporated communities in Kansas
Tumaco is a port city and municipality in the Nariño Department , Colombia , by the Pacific Ocean . It is located on the southwestern corner of Colombia , near the border with Ecuador , and experiences a hot tropical climate . Tumaco is inhabited mainly by Afro-Colombians and some indigenous people .
Tumaco is accessible by plane from Pasto , the capital city of Nariño Department , as well from Cali and Bogotá . It can also be reached by land via highway from Pasto and San Lorenzo ( Ecuador ) . Tumaco is known for being the hometown of many great Colombian soccer players , including Willington Ortiz .
Colombian film director Samuel Córdoba released a documentary about the city in 2009 . The film , entitled `` Tumaco Pacífico '' , chronicles the stilt-house area of the city , predominantly populated by Afro-Colombians . Córdoba was inspired by a panoramic photo of the stilt houses they saw in a photography book on Tumaco . The film won first place at the Festival de Cine Latinoamericano de Bordeaux , in France , and was presented at the Festival Internacional de Cine , in Santiago , Chile .
Other places of interest include ecotourism sites and beaches located near the mouth of the Mira River , where the river meets the sea . Also , there are the Playas de Milagros ( beaches of Miracles ) , and Bocananueva y Teran beaches , where visitors can experience the diversity of flora and fauna first-hand .
Image Gallery
Climate
Like all of the Colombian Pacific coast , Tumaco has a hot , rainy , overcast and humid tropical rainforest climate ( Köppen Af ) , although it is less extreme than areas further north , with annual rainfall totalling only around , vis-à-vis at Buenaventura and at Quibdó . The wettest months are from January to June , and there is a rainfall trough in August opposite to northern Colombia .
Economy
Tumaco 's location on the coast provides it with a number of maritime-related economic activities . One of the main lines of the region 's economy is artisanal fishing . Shrimp farming is one of its strengths .
In recent years there has been a development in agricultural holdings ; Crops present in the area , such as African palm , dry rice , and cocoa have become mechanised . Other crops of pancoger ( small plots of peasant families ) are the main source of food for their population .
The cultivation of cocoa is widely used among the peasant population ; Tagua is also cultivated , known as ivory nut or vegetable ivory , it is the seed of the Phytelephas macrocarpa palm and its production , although in decline in the municipality , is still high .
Another product is the African palm ( Elaeis guineensis ) and the commercial cultivation of crude palm oil . There are about planted with African palm and 7 oil extraction plants , representing an important source of job creation for the region .
Tourism has gained important places in the economy of the municipality , the beaches of El Morro , Bocagrande and El Bajito every day attract national and foreign visitors . Tumaco is also the main Colombian oil port on the Pacific Ocean , and the second nationwide , after Coveñas . In recent years , the pipeline and the port have served to transport and export Ecuadorian oil , a situation that is reflected in the movement of its foreign trade .
Transportation
La Florida Airport serves Tumaco with flights from Cali .
Tumaco is the site of Colombia 's second most important Pacific port behind Buenaventura . Due to the limited development of roads in the region , the port is the primary way of accessing several villages along the coast .
A paved , long highway connects Tumaco with the departmental capital Pasto .
Impact of the armed conflict
Tumaco was highly affected by the Colombian armed conflict as recently as 2011 . On 17 August 2011 , four soldiers from the Colombian army were killed in Tumaco by FARC-EP guerrillas from the 29th front . On 29 August 2011 five more soldiers were killed by guerrillas in the outskirts of the city , A few weeks earlier , guerrillas from the Western Bloc of the FARC-EP stormed the local prison , freeing roughly fifteen imprisoned FARC members .
On 26 September , seven people , including a local politician , were killed by unidentified gunmen in the inner city . The perpetrators also kidnapped one politician . Apart from the FARC-EP , the area was the home turf of paramilitary groups like the right-wing Los Rastrojos and the Guevarist , left-wing Ejército de Liberación Nacional . Consequently , Tumaco is bound to benefit greatly from the recent peace treaty with the FARC .
See also
1979 Tumaco earthquake
References
External links
Tumaco : Tourist guide
Tumaco : Web Portal San Andres de Tumaco - La Perla Del Pacifico
Port cities in Colombia
Municipalities of Nariño Department
IBM Hursley is a research and development laboratory belonging to International Business Machines in the village of Hursley , Hampshire , England . Established in Hursley House , an 18th-century Queen Anne style mansion in 1958 , the facility has been instrumental in the development of IBM 's software technologies since the 1950s . It is still the home of development for CICS and MQ technology . Among the software developed by IBM Hursley is the Customer Information Control System ( CICS ) , used in ATMs , which was the first Hursley product with a billion dollars in annual revenue .
Initially , IBM just used the House and its grounds . In 1963 it purchased 100 acres ( 405,000 m2 ) of land surrounding the house and has since erected a large modern office complex employing over 1500 people .
The facility is host to the IBM Client Centre , which offers potential clients a secure environment where they can test company software and work with staff experts on best practices , proof of concept , and proof of technology .
Hursley House itself , a Grade II * listed building , is still used as an Executive Briefing Centre . The lower ground floor of the house is home to the IBM Hursley Museum , a computing museum that covers the history of IBM Hursley Park , IBM United Kingdom , and IBM Corporation .
References
External links
IBM Hursley Site
IBM Hursley Labs Flickr Galleries
IBM Hursley Labs Pinterest Pins
IBM Hursley Labs YouTube Channel
IBM Hursley Museum
Computer science in the United Kingdom
Country houses in Hampshire
Grade II * listed buildings in Hampshire
Grade II * listed houses
History of computing in the United Kingdom
Houses completed in 1724
IBM facilities
Queen Anne architecture in the United Kingdom
Research institutes in Hampshire
1963 establishments in England
Roland Nilsson ( born 13 September 1948 ) is a Swedish racewalker . They competed in the men 's 50 kilometres walk at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
1948 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Swedish male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Sweden
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Colin Gareth Bailey is a researcher in structural engineering , who became the President and Principal of Queen Mary University of London in September 2017 . Prior to that , Bailey was Deputy President and Deputy Vice-Chancellor at the University of Manchester . They are a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering , the Institution of Civil Engineers , the Institution of Structural Engineers and a member of the Institution of Fire Engineers .
Early career , education
Bailey left school at 16 to start work as an apprentice draughtsman at Lovell Construction . After completing their ONC , through day release and night school at Slough College , Bailey secured a job at Cameron Taylor Partners , where they become a professional draftsman and completed their HNC . After leaving Cameron Taylor Partners , Bailey worked for Clarke Nicholls Marcel where they designed a number of buildings within London . Aged 22 , they began a degree in civil and structural engineering at the University of Sheffield , graduating with a first class BEng in 1992 , followed by a PhD in 1995 , and postdoctoral work in building fire safety .
Senior career
Following their studies at Bailey became a Senior Engineer at the Steel Construction Institute ( SCI ) , carrying out consultancy , running CPD courses and developing design guides to support the steel industry . They then joined the Building Research Establishment ( BRE ) as a Principal Engineer , carrying out consultancy , research and development , and design code development into all aspects of structural engineering and fire engineering .
Academia
They joined the University of Manchester in 2002 as Professor of Structural Engineering , and became Head of the School of Mechanical , Aerospace and Civil Engineering in 2007 . Their leadership achievements at Manchester include the launch of high-profile research projects , including the BP International Centre for Advanced Materials , the National Graphene Institute ( £61m of funding support ) and the Sir Henry Royce Institute ( £283m of funding ) .
Charitable activity
As a non-executive director , they are on the boards of several charities and organisations .
Activity as an expert consultant
They have been a third party reviewer for a number of projects and an Expert Witness on a number of incidents including the World Trade Centre .
Bailey is one of the four experts to sit on a Government independent expert advisory panel on building safety , set up in December 2017 to advise on immediate safety action following the Grenfell Tower fire , and chaired by Sir Ken Knight , former London Fire Commissioner and former Government Chief Fire and Rescue Adviser . The panel has produced extensive building safety advice .
Research
Bailey is author of more than 130 research papers , conference papers and practical design guides , and has been awarded nine prizes for their research work . Their main specialties are fire safety engineering of structures , membrane action , wind loading and steel-concrete composite systems .
Publications
Bailey is well-known globally in the field of structural fire engineering and has published 10 practical fire design guides/books . This has included the publication of the ‘ Bailey ' fire design method , which has been used in design software and distributed to 2,500 companies in 20 countries .
Recognition
In 2018 , Bailey was awarded an Honorary Professorship by Northwestern Polytechnical University ( NPU ) in China .
They were appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in the 2020 New Year Honours for services to engineering .
Controversies and criticism
2020 Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme
Bailey was leading Queen Mary University of London during the Coronavirus pandemic in 2020 when the students ' union claimed that it had refused to allow them to access the UK government 's Coronavirus Job Retention Scheme ( CJRS ) to claim more than their actual wage bill . The University responded by indicating that the students ' union was in fact prohibited by government guidelines from being able to claim more than their actual wage bill from the CJRS and that the University had committed to making sure that student workers were paid their expected wages . Students disagreed that this was an accurate representation of the guidelines .
Graphene shareholdings
Bailey is reported to have held substantial shareholdings in graphene-related companies that have led to accusations of potential conflicts of interest with their university administration roles . In 2016 , the Sunday Times reported that Bailey had taken shares in Graphene Lighting , a spin-off from a company ( BGT Materials ) that held contracts with the National Graphene Institute during Bailey 's time as deputy vice chancellor at the University of Manchester . Bailey denied that there had ever been a conflict of interest , and had resigned their directorships in the companies by December 2015 .
In 2022 , the University and College Union branch at Queen Mary University of London alleged that Bailey had not declared shareholdings in BGT Materials and Graphene Security in the university 's register of interests , leading to the potential for a conflict of interest . A subsequent investigation found there was no conflict of interest , with Companies House data showing that the shares have no financial value .
References
Living people
British civil engineers
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
Alumni of the University of Sheffield
Academics of the University of Manchester
British structural engineers
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Magnus Söderman is a Swedish far-right activist and fascist who is a former spokesperson of the Nordic Resistance Movement .
Biography
In May 2015 , Söderman was one of the Swedish people sanctioned by Russia during the Russo-Ukrainian War .
On 18 March 2021 , they became one of the organizers of the anti-COVID-19 pandemic lockdown protest in Sweden , and had explained : `` Those who want these societal changes are dangerous people . They will not settle for a little , they want everything . Total control . This is what people are protesting against in Europe - sometimes with violence as a result . I can do nothing but give them my support . ''
On 20 May 2021 , they were one of the organizers of an antisemitic protest rally during the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
On 26 October 2021 , Det fria Sverige , DFS , held a digital membership meeting where the issue of regrowth was on the agenda , as Chairman Dan Eriksson , and Söderman were present to inform members about the plans to start a youth department .
Söderman authored the novel The Defiant One , the plot of which revolves around a young white woman whose Swedish high school is composed mainly of Blacks and Muslims .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Far-right politics in Sweden
Swedish fiction writers
Swedish male writers
COVID-19 conspiracy theorists
Swedish fascists
the WANDAS are an American rock band based out of Boston , Massachusetts , composed of Keith McEachern , Brent Battey , Ross Lucivero , William Bierce and Greg Settino .
New Interface ( a design with friends for the future ) is the band 's follow up to their critically acclaimed self-titled record , The Wandas . New Interface ( a design with friends for the future ) , released on June 25 , 2013 , was produced by Joel Ford of Ford & Lopatin and mixed by Patrick Krief of The Dears . The Boston Globe stated `` The Wandas 'New Interface ( A Design with Friends for the Future ) , ' is experimentation done right , as the band 's more artistic forays add depth and intrigue to the sound without sacrificing the band 's core of solid song craft .
Their self-titled album was released on August 30 , 2011 . It was featured in USA TODAY and was named one of the `` 50 best albums of the first half of 2011 '' by Guitar World .
History
In 2008 , the WANDAS teamed up with record producer Patrick Krief , guitarist of The Dears to record New Wave Blues . The album was tracked in Boston , Massachusetts , and mixed and mastered in Montreal , Quebec , Canada . New Wave Blues was both produced and mixed by Krief , and was mastered by Ryan Morey .
In 2009 , New Wave Blues was released independently and has garnered international acclaim from several media outlets . `` [ New Wave Blues is ] full of sweet harmonies and music that is unburdened with extravagance '' - Indie.mp3.co.uk . `` [ This is ] some of the best pop I 've heard this year '' - Mary Leary ; San Diego Entertainer Magazine . `` Both poppy and emotional , the [ WANDAS ] cut straight to the core with gorgeous harmonies , startling earnestness , and a sense of indie pop cool ... '' Telegram & Gazette .
From April 2009 until August 2010 , the WANDAS spent most of their time touring the United States in their 1992 30 foot RV and building a grass roots fan base .
In 2010-2011 , the WANDAS teamed up with Patrick Krief again to work on their latest studio album . The bulk of the album was tracked live in six days at MixArt Studios in Montreal , Quebec . The album was completely funded by their fans using Kickstarter , and featured guest appearances by members of The Dears , The Stills and Stars . The album was mixed by Dave Schiffman . Before its release the album was featured in USA TODAY .
The Wandas was released August 2011 to rave reviews . The Boston Globe said `` It 's a gorgeously warm and wistful work '' and American Songwriter gave it four Stars , stating `` The Boston based quartet 's dreamy pop-rock locks in on a mid-tempo groove and the organic sound captures the effortless strummy melodies and vocal harmonies that recall the days before slick production and too many overdubs robbed music of its magic . '' Guitar World named the self-titled record one of the `` 50 best albums of the first half of 2011 '' .
Following the release of their self-titled album , the band hit the road for an extensive 13-week tour of the US , sponsored by Lands ' End Canvas .
The WANDAS have been compared to Wilco , Tom Petty , Elvis Costello , and Bruce Springsteen .
Notable awards and achievements
In December 2010 , Time Out Magazine Boston selected The Wandas as Best Live Act of 2010 . `` The Wandas spent the better part of 2010 touring the bejesus out of their third album , New Wave Blues . In the process , they caused a few bloggers ' jaws to hit the floor at South by Southwest and squashed the competition at WBRU 's Rock Hunt battle of the bands . `` — Barry Thompson Time Out Magazine Boston
In November 2010 , the Boston Music Awards nominated The Wandas as Best Pop Act of 2010 .
In October 2010 , CMJ Music Marathon wrote `` With their big shout-along choruses and their classic rock melodies , the band managed to whip the crowd at the Bowery Poetry Club into a sugary frenzy '' .
In April 2010 , the WANDAS won the 95.5 WBRU Rock Hunt , edging out several hundred bands who submitted for the competition .
In March 2010 , the WANDAS performed several shows at the South By Southwest Music Festival in Austin , Texas US . The group gained momentum as the week of the festival progressed and were covered by several media outlets :
`` ... this Boston act is suddenly ( only with much hard work and extensive touring , of course , ) one of the best bands in America . As it ended up , they were easily one of the best live shows we saw in Austin last week . '' - Ryan Spaulding ( Ryan 's Smashing Life ) .
The Boston Globe was quoted as saying the WANDAS ' `` ... sound is a dreamy lovechild of rock radio and your grandpa 's record collection ... ''
Both publications featured rave reviews of the WANDAS ' performances at South By Southwest in 2010 .
The WANDAS were the 92.9 WBOS best of Boston pick for 2008 and numerous other awards .
The WANDAS have supported Dawes , The Lumineers , The Dears , Justin Townes Earle , The Futureheads , The Duhks , Rustic Overtones , Elizabeth Ziman of Elizabeth & The Catapult , The Jane Shermans : featuring Angelo Petraglia , and Eulogies .
Story behind name
There have been several stories surrounding the origin of their name . The Boston Herald reported , `` They got their name when Brent Battey met a woman named Wanda in a Toronto bar back in 2003 when on spring break . '' Contrary to The Boston Herald report , guitarist Brent Battey noted on their Twitter page that the band was named after the Neil Young song , `` Kinda Fonda Wanda '' from their album , Everybody 's Rockin ' .
Band members
Current
Keith McEachern— Vocals , Guitar , Piano , Organ , Synth
Brent Battey– Guitar , Vocals
Ross Lucivero — Bass , Backing vocals
Past
Brian Carson ( 2002–2005 )
Levin Gillespie ( 2003–2005 )
Pete McElholm ( 2002–2009 )
Touring band
William Bierce
Greg Settino
Discography
Official releases
2009 : New Wave Blues
2011 : The Wandas
2013 : New Interface ( a design with friends for the future )
Unofficial releases
2004 : …if the accident will
2006 : Ca n't Say Danger on the Radio
2008 : You Should Have Listened EP
References
External links
the WANDAS Official Site
Rock music groups from Massachusetts
Musical groups established in 2002
Musical groups from Boston
2002 establishments in Massachusetts
Wilhelm `` Willy '' Schürmann-Horster ( 21 June 1900 – 9 September 1943 ) was a German actor , dramaturge , and director who was marxist and dedicated communist , and who became a resistance fighter against the Nazis . As a young man , Schürmann-Horster trained as an actor at the Düsseldorf Drama School . During the 1920 's they worked in various acting troupes in theatres in the Rhineland . By the mid 1930s , they had become a communist and in 1934 and 1935 they were arrested for political agitation but acquitted for lack of evidence . After moving to Berlin in 1937 , they met and became friends with Cay and Erika von Brockdorff . Through them , a discussion group of like-minded friends was formed who openly discussed current affairs and Schürmann-Horster became their spokesperson . Through contacts in the group , connections were made with a resistance organisation that was run by Harro Schulze-Boysen and Arvid Harnack in 1940 . Although Schürmann-Horster was n't a physical resistance fighter in the cast of Harro Schulze-Boysen , they were a intellectual opponent of the Nazis who displayed their convictions on the stage and as a result never took part in any of the operations that their friends undertook . After falling ill in 1941 , Schürmann-Horster moved to Konstanz where they worked as a dramaturge at the Grenzland Theatre . In October 1942 , they were arrested and sentenced to death for `` high treason '' , `` dissemination of illegal writings '' and `` aiding and abetting the enemy '' by the 2nd of the Volksgerichtshof . They were executed in Plötzensee Prison on 9 September 1943 . They were described by their close friend , the communist trade unionist in the daily newspaper Südkurier as
Willy , tall , skinny , a little cross-eyed , with an idiosyncratic artist 's mane , was the typical stage man – always witty , often critical and always full of energy .
Life
On 2 November 1928 , Schürmann-Horster married the actor Hedda , née Lindner-Leuschner . In October 1940 , Schürmann-Horster married their second wife , Klara Harprath who was an elementary school teacher . Schürmann-Horster had known Harprath from the Rhineland theatre scene since 1923 . In April 1941 , the couple had a son .
Career
After their school education , Schürmann-Horster became interested in acting . In 1918 , they started studying at the Düsseldorf Drama School ( Schauspielschule Düsseldorf , a private drama school that was attached to the Düsseldorfer Schauspielhaus ) under German actor and theatre director Louise Dumont . After leaving Düsseldorf in 1920 , they staged and acted in political theatre in Rhineland . At the time , they worked with the Russian writer Maxim Gorky , the German playwrights Ernst Toller and Bertolt Brecht and the German dramatist Georg Kaiser , amongst others . From 1920 to 1922 , Wilhelm Schürmann-Horster worked as a lecturer at adult education colleges in Remscheid and Essen in an acting troupe known as `` Young Activists ' League '' . It was during this period that they began to publish articles in prominent cultural and political journals . In 1923 , they became a member of Communist Party of Germany , however , according to the transcripts of the 1934 trial , they were excluded due to political differences . On 28 September 1924 , they formed an acting troupe known as `` Junge Aktion '' ( `` Young Action '' ) . From 1926 to 1928 , Schürmann-Horster worked in an acting engagement at the Schauspielhaus Bad Godesberg with an acting troupe that was known as `` Notgemeinschaft Düsseldorfer Schauspieler '' ( Düsseldorf Actors ' Difficulty Community ) that included many members of their previous company . In 1929 , they became a dedicated promoter of political propaganda ( agit-prop , political theatre ) with a troupe known as `` Truppe im Westen '' that performed the plays of the German doctor and playwright Friedrich Wolf . The plays were particularly successful , enabling the actors to continue in work until 1932 . The actors staged the plays in local bars and factories , believing they should be played where people lived and worked . Around 1933 , they were appointed to the role of director for a short time at the Düsseldorf cabaret `` Klimperkasten '' until the Nazi seizure of power led to the theatre being closed down by the police . They continued working in theatre engagements in Bad Godesberg until 1935 .
On 27 September 1934 , Schürmann-Horster along with their partner Harald Quedenfeldt and the trade unionist Rudy Goguel were arrested by the Gestapo . Schürmann-Horster had known Quedenfeldt , a stage designer and later theatre director since 1919 and had become partners in 1923 . Quedenfeldt 's parents Erwin and Emma Quedenfeldt had taken Schürmann-Horster in as a foster child . At that time , their house at 41 Schwerinstraße in Düsseldorf-Golzheim , had been used to hold meetings for the local opposition to the Nazis . The indictment to prove the charge of `` High Treason '' could not be proven and they were both released two days later on 29 September . On 23 January 1935 , Schürmann-Horster was again arrested and indicted for `` High Treason '' . As no evidence could be found , they were once more cleared by the Düsseldorf court , however , both themselves and Quedenfeldt were placed under constant surveillance by the Gestapo . During the spring of 1935 , Schürmann-Horster along with 70 other communists were arrested and charged at the Higher Regional Court in Hamm but was once again acquitted .
From 1937 onwards , Schürmann-Horster lived in Berlin , at the time mostly unemployed , occasionally working as a freelancer in the German film industry . They wrote a screenplay `` Till Eulenspiegel '' and dealt with questions of theatre theory and the German classics .
Resistance
In 1938 , Schürmann-Horster met the sculptor Cay von Brockdorff and their wife Erika von Brockdorff at a costume party at the Academy of Fine Arts in Berlin . The acquaintance developed into discussion group soon afterwards . In 1938 , several other people with similar artistic interests and ideological significance joined the group . Through Cay von Brockdorff , who studied sculpture with at the Berlin Arts Academy , Schürmann-Horster met the student sculptor Ruthild Hahne who became part of the group At the same time Hanna Berger became part of the group whose early meetings were held in Hahne 's apartment in Nachodstraße in Wilmersdorf , where art , freedom , love , current political events , the development of the Nazi state and what it meant to them and their future were discussed . In 1938 , the group met the married couple Jutta and Viktor Dubinsky through Cay von Brockdorff . The couple were students and committed communists as members of the KPD . Also in 1938 , , an architect who knew Erika von Brockdorff began to attend meetings . Schauer along with Walter Hoffmann and Willi Sänger were already working in a resistance cell and were looking for like-minded contacts . In January 1939 , who was a printer joined the group . Later in 1939 , the commercial clerk and KPD member , Karl Böhme became part of the group . Also in 1939 , Coppi was introduced to Schürmann-Horster through a friend from the banned KJVD , and joined their discussions .
In 1940 , the group came into contact with Harro Schulze-Boysen and Arvid Harnack via through Coppi 's friend Heinrich Scheel , who knew Schulze-Boysen personally . Schulze-Boysen had been collaborating with Harnack in what was then a resistance group that would be reformulated into espionage organisation that began in September 1940 , that sent German intelligence to the Soviet Union . It is unknown whether Schürmann-Horster knew Harro Shulze-Boysen or Arvid Harnack personally . Certainly the surviving documentation on the political , and social aspects of the theatre and for example the philosophical implications of artistic representation , created as part of Schürmann-Horster 's committment to their profession , do n't show that they were involved in leafletting or in contact with Soviet intelligence or indeed conducting espionage . Instead , during that period they worked on editing Goethe 's play Egmont and Schiller 's play Don Carlos for the theatre publisher Die Wende , in a manner that attacked the cultural policy of the Nazis . In October or November 1940 , the group decided to take a more robust approach to resistance instead of being a talking-shop . Schürmann-Horster selected three people using the same organisational structure as the KPD . One would be a political leader , one would be a organisational leader and one would be selected to be agitation propaganda leader . However , within two weeks it was decided by the group that was far too dangerous a task and the whole exercise was abandoned . In 1941 , Hahne 's husband became part in the discussions . Already an active resistor , they had thrown leaflets from a train Hans Coppi knew the electrician Eugen Neutert and they became part of the secret group , in the autumn of 1941 .
Konstanz
From early-1941 , Schürmann-Horster was ill and lived outside Berlin , and they failed to attend any of the regular meetings that were being held by the group . They tried to find work in the regions , not as an actor but as a director of classical plays . At the same time , they sent their new theatre briefs to the Reich authorities that controlled the theatre , for example , the Amt Rosenberg office and the , a department of the Reich Chamber of Culture for approval . In the briefs , they criticized the use of pathos , the idealisation of the heroic and exaggeration of the abysmal in the performances of the classics . They offered to form a new experimental acting troupe that would re-examine the classics . However , their ideas were rejected .
In the autumn of 1941 Schürmann-Horster moved to Konstanz . In November 1941 , they gained employment as the director and dramaturge ( dramatic adviser , essentially head of propaganda ) at the in Bodensee , Konstanz on Lake Constance for the 1942-1942 season . Their friend Wolfgang Müller has recommended Schürmann-Horster to the artistic director of the Grenzland Theatre , Fritz Becker . At the time the theatre was going to be closed as most staff members had left due to conscription , including the previous artistic director . However , due to its closeness to Switzerland , and planned use by the Nazis , it was ordered to stay open . They were responsible for examining incoming plays to determine if they were culturally suitable , submitting programme proposals and advertising the plays using press-releases as well as designing booklets and guiding guest performances . During their time in Konstanz , they never worked as an actor . Between October 1941 and May 1942 there were 247 performances that were made up of 84 operettas , 59 operas , 53 comedies and 51 plays .
On 15 March 1942 , Schürmann-Horster wrote an article for the Bodensee Rundschau , a daily newspaper in Constance . In the article , Schürmann-Horster criticised the performances of the German classics , Wallenstein , stating that instead of fateful tragedy , they should be performed with a focus on human consciousness and the problems of human society . This brought them into conflict with the leisure organisation Strength Through Joy ( KdF ) organisation , who accused them of promulgating `` Berlin-Jewish Business Practices '' ( `` Berliner-jüdisches Geschäftsgebaren '' ) . The KdF accused them of being mediocre and only offering `` worn-out '' plays that had already been performed 25 times or more . Fritz Becker , the director supported them and arranged a salary increase to show their support . In June 1942 , an agreement was reached with the KdF on the number of ticket sales that would be expected and the setting of plays . In order to protect the male actors from being convened , Schürmann-Horster successfully organized an additional summer season in 1942 after the end of the theatre season .
Arrest
On 29 October 1942 , Schürmann-Horster was arrested while the theatre ship was returning from a performance in Überlingen , Konstanz and was transported to Berlin . To the end , Schürmann-Horster was sure they avoid conviction . Their theatre director Fritz Becker , travelled to Berlin to appear in support of Schürmann-Horster but to no avail .
The second senate of the People 's Court in case number `` 10 J 13/43g '' on 20–21 August 1943 sentenced Schürmann-Horster , Neutert and Thiess sentenced to death . Schauer , Bölter and Dubinsky were sentenced to eight years in prison . Schmidt and Hahne were sentenced to four years in prison while Hempel received two years , Hoffman to one year in prison and Hanna Berger was acquitted . Schürmann-Horster was executed by hanging on 9 September 1943 in Plötzensee Prison at the same time as Neutert and Thiess .
Notes
References
1900 births
1943 deaths
Actors from Cologne
People executed by hanging at Plötzensee Prison
Executed communists in the German Resistance
Red Orchestra ( espionage )
Route 150 is a highway on the south side of the Kansas City , Missouri Metro Area . It runs east from the Kansas–Missouri state border to US 50 in Lone Jack , its length totaling to around 25.6 miles .
Route description
In the west , Route 150 begins as it crosses from Kansas into Missouri . The highway initially heads southeastward , but soon turns towards the east and passes along the northern boundary of the former Richards-Gebaur Air Force Base . It has an interchange with I-49/US 71 and takes on the name East 147th Street . Continuing east , it then transitions into East Outer Belt Road before meeting an interchange with Route 291 . Route 150 bypasses the James A. Reed Memorial Wildlife Area to the south , and its local name changes several times . East of Greenwood , it has a short concurrency with Route 7 . The roughly half-mile south–north concurrency ends when Route 150 bears east through rural land . It turns due north on South Bynum Road once in Lone Jack and eventually terminates at US 50 .
History
Modern-day Route 150 was once a Missouri supplemental route . The current designation was assigned in its entirety by 1949 .
Until the 1990s , Route 150 continued into Kansas as K-150 .
Route 150 underwent an improvement project , including reconstruction of the I-49/US 71 interchange and widening . The three-phase project began in the summer of 2010 and was completed in 2012 .
Junction list
References
150
Transportation in Jackson County , Missouri
Transportation in the Kansas City metropolitan area
Transportation in Kansas City , Missouri
Edward Burns ( born 1968 ) is an American actor and filmmaker .
Ed or Edward Burns may also refer to :
Ed `` Big Ed '' Burns ( c. 1842 – c. 1918 ) , American con-man
Edward E. Burns ( 1858–1941 ) , member of the Wisconsin State Senate
Ed Burns ( baseball ) ( 1887–1942 ) , Major League catcher
Eddie Burns ( 1916–2004 ) , Australian rugby league player
Eddie `` Guitar '' Burns ( 1928–2012 ) , American blues musician
Edward F. Burns ( 1931–2019 ) , Pennsylvania politician
Ed Burns ( born 1946 ) , American author and screenwriter
Edward J. Burns ( born 1957 ) , Catholic Bishop of Dallas
Edmund Burns ( 1892–1980 ) , American silent film actor
See also
Edd Byrnes ( 1932–2020 ) , American actor
Edward Byrne ( disambiguation )
Edmund Widdrington Byrne ( 1844–1904 ) , British judge and politician
Thomas Edward Burns ( born 1927 ) , Ulster unionist politician
Burns ( surname )
World ski championships may refer to :
FIS Alpine World Ski Championships
IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships , Alpine , disability
FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships
FIS Ski-Flying World Championships
FIS Snowboard World Championships
Stephen of Autun ( b. at Baugé ( hence in Anjou ; d. at the abbey of Cluny in 1139 or early in 1140 ) , surnamed Blagiacus or de Balgiaco , was a French liturgical writer and bishop of Autun .
Life
Of their younger days nothing is known except that they were the son of Gaucerannus , lord of Baugé , and the uncle of Humbert , Archbishop of Lyon . They appear in history ( 1112 ) as Bishop of Autun . As such they were present ( 1115 ) at a synod of Tournus .
A letter is in existence of the year 1116 , written to them from the Lateran by Pope Pascal II in which the pope places the Diocese of Autun under their special protection and confirms to Stephen various privileges . In 1129 Stephen was among the prelates who assisted at the coronation of Philip , the eldest son of Louis VI of France .
They built a cathedral , beginning in 1120 , which was solemnly consecrated ( 1131 ) by Pope Innocent II . They always showed a great admiration for the religious state , and in 1136 resigned theirs see and entered the monastery of Cluny . The abbot , Peter the Venerable , under whom they entered and died , praised their learning and piety .
Works
Their Tractatus de Sacramento Altaris is an ascetico-liturgical treatise , consisting of twenty chapters and a preface , in which they speak of the ordination and duties of each of the Minor and Major Orders ; and of the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass and gives a literal and allegorical explanation of the Canon . This treatise , published in 1517 by Montalon , canon of Autun , was ascribed by some to Stephen II of Autun ( d. 1189 ) , but is vindicated for the earlier bishop by Mabillon .
References
Hugo von Hurter , Nomencltor , II ( Innsbruck , 1906 ) , 75
Gallia christiana , IV , 389
Louis Duchesne , Fastes Episc. , I , 339 ;
Hist . Litt . de la France , XI ( Paris , 1759 ) , 710
Ceillier , Auteurs Sacres , XIV ( Paris , 1863 ) , 304 .
Notes
External links
Catholic Encyclopedia article
1139 deaths
People from Maine-et-Loire
Bishops of Autun
Year of birth unknown
Martin Wohl ( 13 July 1930 – 21 July 2009 ) , was a transportation economist . They were born in Greensboro , North Carolina and grew up in the District of Columbia .
During their youth , Wohl worked as a Senate page and was then appointed to the U.S. Military Academy in West Point , New York from North Carolina 's 6th congressional district by Democratic member of congress Carl T. Durham . They transferred to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and served as a first lieutenant in the Army Corps of Engineers after graduation . Wohl later received their M.S . degree in civil engineering from MIT in 1960 with a thesis entitled Applications of symbolic models and simulation in traffic engineering . They subsequently earned a doctor of engineering degree from the University of California at Berkeley in December 1966 with a thesis entitled Development of a rationale for transportation investment .
After completing their master 's degree , they became an assistant professor at MIT for two years before moving to Washington D.C. , where they worked in the Department of Commerce during the Kennedy administration . After their federal service terminated , Martin became the director of transportation studies at the Urban Institute . In 1972 , they accepted a faculty position at Carnegie Mellon University . Wohl retired in 1990 , co-authored five technical books , and wrote more than seventy peer-reviewed journal articles on transportation . They are most recognized for `` The Urban Transportation Problem '' ( 1965 ) , the book they co-authored with John R. Meyer and John F. Kain .
Martin Wohl got married three times and divorced from all of their wives . They died in 2009 from throat cancer at their home , in Fairfax , Virginia . Wohl was survived by their son from their first marriage , Charles Wohl , and their two granddaughters . They were interred at Arlington National Cemetery on 26 October 2009 .
References
External links
Guide to the Martin Wohl papers , 1919-2000s Martin Wohl C0174
1930 births
2009 deaths
People from Greensboro , North Carolina
United States Military Academy alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Military personnel from North Carolina
Military personnel from Washington , D.C .
United States Army officers
Economists from North Carolina
Economists from Washington , D.C .
20th-century American economists
Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty
Kennedy administration personnel
UC Berkeley College of Engineering alumni
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
People from Fairfax , Virginia
Deaths from throat cancer
Deaths from cancer in Virginia
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
The 2011 Toronto Argonauts season was the 54th season for the team in the Canadian Football League and their 139th season overall . The Argonauts were eliminated from playoff contention on October 10 , 2011 and failed to make a second straight playoff appearance , finishing 4th place in the East Division with a 6–12 record .
Offseason
CFL Draft
The 2011 CFL Draft took place on Sunday , May 8 , 2011 . After trading their first round pick to Winnipeg for Steven Jyles , the Argonauts went into draft day without that pick . However , thanks to a trade with the Roughriders , Toronto selected offensive lineman Tyler Holmes with the seventh overall pick , by only giving up a second and a fourth pick . Overall , the Argonauts had seven selections in the draft .
Preseason
Regular season
Season standings
Season schedule
Win
Loss
Tie
Roster
Coaching staff
Awards and records
Milestones
References
2011 Toronto Argonauts season
Toronto Argonauts seasons
Toronto Argonauts Season , 2011
Toronto Argo
Kyrgyzstan competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano , Japan . Biathlete Aleksandr Tropnikov was the only competitor for the Asian nation at these Olympics .
Biathlon
Men
1 A penalty loop of 150 meters had to be skied per missed target .
2 One minute added per missed target .
References
Official Olympic Reports
Olympic Winter Games 1998 , full results by sports-reference.com
Nations at the 1998 Winter Olympics
1998
1998 in Kyrgyzstani sport
Zhao Junzhe ( ; born 19 April 1979 ) is a retired Chinese footballer who predominantly played for Liaoning F.C . in the Chinese Super League .
Club career
Zhao Junzhe was promoted to Liaoning F.C . 's first team from the club 's youth academy and made their debut in the 1998 season . They continued to be a vital member for Liaoning that season when they aided them to being runners-up and the Chinese FA Cup . They were soon promoted to club captain and won the Chinese Football Association Player of the Year award in 2004 . The following seasons saw the club 's fortunes fall and Zhao unfortunately led the team to relegation to the second tier at the end of the 2008 season . Despite this setback , they remained with the team and immediately led Liaoning back up to the top tier when they won the second tier title in the 2009 season . Zhao announced their retirement from football at the end of the 2016 season . On 30 October 2016 , they made last appearance in their career in a league match against Jiangsu Suning .
International career
Zhao was included into the Chinese national team by then manager Bora Milutinović for the 2002 FIFA World Cup . Though their chances were limited on the national team at the time , they did play in two group stage matches during the tournament and nearly scored by hitting the post against Brazil . They played a vital role in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup in which China finished the tournament as runners-up .
Management career
On 29 September 2017 , Zhao was appointed as the caretaker manager of Liaoning FC , who sat at the bottom of the league table . On 14 October , in their first game as manager , they guided Liaoning to a 3–3 draw against second place team Shanghai SIPG . However , Liaoning finally relegated to the second tier after losing the last three matches of the season . On 12 December 2017 , Zhao 's caretaker spell ended when Chen Yang became the manager of Liaoning .
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Results list China 's goal tally first .
Managerial statistics
Honours
Player
Club
Liaoning Whowin
China League One : 2009
Chinese FA Super Cup : 1999
Individual
AFC Asian Cup All-Star Team : 2004
Chinese Football Association Player of the Year : 2004
Chinese Super League Team of the Year : 2002 , 2003
Personal life
Zhao is of Manchu ethnicity from Aisin Gioro clan . They are a descendant of Boolungga , who is the brother of Giocangga .
References
External links
Profile on China national football team official web site
Official blog
2002 China team profile at BBC website
1979 births
Living people
Footballers from Shenyang
Association football midfielders
Chinese footballers
China international footballers
Chinese football managers
2002 FIFA World Cup players
2004 AFC Asian Cup players
Liaoning F.C . players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1998 Asian Games
Manchu sportspeople
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
is a railway station in Waki , Kuga District , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Waki Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line .
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 2008
Batsford is a patience or card solitaire similar to Klondike except that it uses two decks instead of one . The cards are turned up one at a time during a single pass through the deck , and there is also a reserve pile available for a single King .
Rules
The object of this game is to move all cards to the foundations . There are eight foundations that build up from Ace to King in suit , ( e.g . A♣ , 2♣ , 3♣ , 4♣ ... )
There are ten dêpôts in the tableau ranging from one to ten cards long , and which build down in alternating colors , ( e.g . 10♠ , 9♥ , 8♠ , 7♦ ... ) Cards in the tableu can be moved to a foundation or onto another tableau stack . Only a King can be moved to an empty space .
The layout also includes a single reserve pile where a single King can be held .
The stock is turned up one card up at a time . The topmost card can be moved to the foundations or the tableau . Only one pass is allowed through the deck , making this an extremely hard game to win .
References
Coops , Helen Leslie ( 1939 ) . 100 Games of Solitaire . Whitman . 128 pp .
Parlett , David ( 1979 ) . The Penguin Book of Patience , London : Penguin .
See also
Klondike
List of patiences and solitaires
Glossary of patience and solitaire terms
Double-deck patience card games
Mobile games
Simple packers
Waterville USA , or simply known as Waterville , is a water and amusement park located a quarter-mile from the Gulf of Mexico in the city of Gulf Shores , Alabama , on Gulf Shores Parkway ( Alabama State Route 59 ) . The park opened in 1986 , and since then has added numerous water and amusement attractions .
Water park
The water park is the original section of the park . All of the original slides and attractions have been removed or replaced , except for the wave pool and lazy river attractions .
Amusement park
Former rides and attractions
Over the years , Waterville has had to remove and replace attractions due to hurricane damage and the passing of time . In September 2004 , the eye of Hurricane Ivan passed directly over Gulf Shores and the surrounding areas . Due to the park 's close proximity to the coastline , Waterville was severely flooded by storm surges , and experienced damaging winds that severely damaged two of the water park 's attractions . Repairs went on during 2005 and 2006 , and the park fully reopened in 2007 with replacement attractions . In 2013 , two slides were removed to make room for a new slide .
External links
Waterville USA at Ultimate Waterpark
Waterville USA Official Website
Buildings and structures in Baldwin County , Alabama
Water parks in Alabama
Amusement parks in Alabama
1986 establishments in Alabama
Thomas Arlow McGrath ( 1896–1988 ) was a Northern Irish builder born in Lurgan , County Armagh , who founded Ulster Garden Villages in 1946 with the purpose of planning and building affordable , high quality post-war housing .
At least one of these projects , Merville Garden Village in County Antrim , still exists today . They and their two eldest sons emigrated from Lurgan , County Armagh to Canada in 1952 and were later joined by the majority of their family , leaving behind only nieces and nephews .
They died in Washington in 1988 at the age of 92 . During World War I they utilized their carpentry skills by assisting with the repair of damaged aircraft . During World War II they owned and operated three ammunition factories in the Belfast area .
References
1896 births
1988 deaths
Businesspeople from Northern Ireland
People from Lurgan
CS Group initially known as CS Communication & Systèmes , is a French information-technology service company listed on the Paris Bourse as a member of the CAC Small index . The company designs information systems , develops and integrates software ; manages projects and deploys industrial applications and provides science , technology and consulting services . CS Group is the French leader in air traffic control , the third biggest supplier of traffic-management systems in the world and provides information technology consulting services .
The company 's headquarters is in Paris , with 12 other locations throughout France . Regional headquarters or subsidiaries are in Germany , Romania , Canada , the United Arab Emirates , India , and the United States . CS Group has nearly 2,000 employees .
Products
Defense , space and security
CS Group deploys command and control information systems , implementing open , interoperable and upgradeable solutions aligned with operational needs :
Operations command information systems : Air and naval defense , homeland security and intelligence
Space systems and applications : Flight dynamics , space surveillance and environmental safety
Information and communication systems security : Simulation and virtual-reality systems , electronic warfare and mission-critical information systems
Security consulting : Audit , support and assistance and risk analysis
Solution for the detection and neutralisation of light drones . Boreades , built around centralized supervision , it can detect , identify and pursuing drones , neutralize them and recover them .
Products : Prelude ( a SIEM ) , Vigilo ( a network-supervision tool ) , PKI , time stamping and archiving
Diginext , a CS Group subsidiary , also produces and markets in the fields of :
Tactical data links
Simulation and virtual-reality systems
Navigation and geolocation systems
Electronic warfare
Mission-critical information systems
Aeronautics
CS Group supplies aircraft manufacturers with high-tech embedded systems and motor parts , providing product lifecycle management , simulators and tests .
Energy
In nuclear safety and radioactive waste management , CS Group produces high-performance simulators and creates specialized scientific software . The firm participated in creating simulator platforms for nuclear-plants ( including specialized simulators of EDF , the French electric company ) .
CS INDIA Bangalore
CS Group India Private Limited is started in 2011 .
CS provides engineering services to aircraft engine manufacturers . CS Communication & Systèmes designs , integrates and operates systems worldwide . It offers operations command information systems for joint armed forces , air defense and naval , homeland security , armed forces training , intelligence , and support and logistics information systems applications ; space systems and applications for use in ground segment and space services , flight dynamics , space surveillance , and environmental safety ; information and communication systems security solutions , such as audit , consulting , and design of secure architectures , as well as authentication services and cyber defense solutions . The company also provides Diginext products in the fields of tactical data links , simulation and virtual reality systems , navigation and geo-localization systems , electronic warfare , and mission-critical information systems . In addition , it offers digital design products , including HPC and simulation products , digital mock-ups , enterprise content management solutions , and product lifecycle management solutions , as well as simulators for engineering , training , and maintenance . The company provides embedded systems , such as NSS , FWS , FADEC , ATC/ATM , cockpit displays etc . ; engineering , development and integration , maintenance , testing , and certification services for aeronautics , automobiles , energy , mobile phones , railway transportation , etc . ; and nuclear safety solutions for nuclear waste management , safety studies , and crisis centers , as well as supervision , command , and control . Further , it offers technical information systems comprising technical documentation and respect for production constraints ; security systems for encryption and implementation in networking equipment , identification and validation , non-reversible transactions , data and interchange confidentiality , secured application flows , and rights management and attribution ; and radio-telephone-intercom integrated solutions .
CS Inc
CS Group Inc was established in 2015 in East Hartford , CT to work with clients based in the United States . This is the company 's first US branch and since its conception , it has secured several clients including Pratt & Whitney and Triumph Engine Controls . The US branch now employs over 25 people including software engineers , design engineers and IPT leads who mainly work on Aircraft Engine design and Software Testing in accordance with DO-178B . CS Inc. has worked on several commercial engines including the PW1100 for the Airbus A320 Neo , PW1500 for the Bombardier CS series and the PW1900 for the Embraer E-jets . More recent projects include military engines as well for which the company has formed a new military division .
Other activities
CS Group develops a computational fluid dynamics software solution based on the Lattice-Boltzmann method : ProLB . Low dissipation and dispersion errors combined with state-of-the-art turbulence modeling approaches ( Large Eddy Simulations ) , allow ProLB to perform high-fidelity aeroacoustic and aerodynamic simulations of weakly compressible flows .
References
Electronic test equipment manufacturers
Electronics companies established in 1902
Companies based in Paris
French brands
Trunked radio systems
Defence companies of France
Electronics companies of France
The 1932 Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented the Southwestern Louisiana Institute of Liberal and Technical Learning ( now known as the University of Louisiana at Lafayette ) in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association during the 1932 college football season . In their second year under head coach Truman F. Wilbanks , the team compiled a 3–4 record .
Schedule
References
Southwestern Louisiana
Louisiana Ragin ' Cajuns football seasons
Southwestern Louisiana Bulldogs football
Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut ( in Latin : Archeparchia Berytensis Maronitarum ) is an archeparchial seat of the Maronite Church immediately subject to the Holy See in Lebanon . As of 2012 , there were 232,000 baptized . It is currently ruled by Archeparch Paul Abdel Sater .
Territory and statistics
The archeparchy includes the Beirut Governorate and the central part of the Mount Lebanon Governorate . Its archeparchial seat is the city of Beirut , where is located the Saint George Cathedral .
The territory is divided into 127 parishes and as of 2012 , there were 232,000 Maronite Catholics .
History
The presence of a sizeable Maronite community in Beirut dates back to the Crusades , as witnessed by William of Tyre . With the departure of the Crusaders , the community had an inevitable decrease . Its first bishop known is Youssef , mentioned in 1577 in the Annals of Patriarch Boutros Estephan El Douaihy . However the history of the Maronite bishops of Beirut for the past times is too flawed to be able to say with certainty that it was Youssef its first bishop .
After that Beirut had at least a century before finding the name of another bishop , Youssef Damascus ( as-Sami , 1691 ) . By now the number of Bishops is regular and uninterrupted until today . Among the successive bishops there was a special mention to Abdallah Qara'ali , founder of the OLM , renowned jurist , who played an important role in the Synod of Maronite Bishops of Mount Lebanon in 1736 . This synod canonically established the Maronite episcopal sees , including even that of Beirut .
The residence of the bishops was not the city , but the monastery of Saint John of Qataleh . Only from Peter Karam Abu bishops began to reside permanently in Beirut . This favored the development of the Maronite community in a few years ( 1850 - 1870 ) from 3,000 to 15,000 faithful .
Bishop Tobia Aoun had trouble when they took possession of their seat facing opposition from a segment of the Maronite population , which supported a candidate who aspired to become bishop of Beirut , Nicolas Murad . Aoun eventually convinced them to abandon their project . Bishop Aoun finally took possession of the chair on June 10 , 1847 . Tobia Aoun travelled to Rome in 1862 and was personally received during a private audience by Pope Pius IX who named them Assistant to the Pontifical Throne . In becoming Assistant to the Pontifical Throne , Tobia Aoun immediately entered the Papal nobility as Count of Rome . In 1862 , Bishop Aoun was received by Emperor Napoleon III in Paris and awarded the French Legion of Honour . That same year , they were received by Sultan Abdul-Aziz in Constantinople and awarded the Ottoman Empire 's Order of Medjidjie ( Nishan-i-Majidia ) . In 1869 , Tobia Aoun returned to Rome as Council Father of the First Vatican Council called by Pope Pius IX . They started the construction of the archiepiscopal palace , which was completed by their successor Yusuf Dibs . Dibs rebuilt the Saint George Cathedral , in the forms we see today , and opened a minor seminary .
Bishop Pierre Chebly formed themselves in France where they had spent most of their youth . During the First World War they were exiled by the Turks in Adana where they died .
The archeparchy is one of the most populous among archeparchies and eparchies of the Maronite Church . This archeparchy was visited three times by three Pontiffs : Pope Paul VI ( 1964 ) , Pope John Paul II ( 1997 ) and Pope Benedict XVI ( 2012 ) .
Archeparchs
Youssef ( 1577 - )
Youssef Natan al-Blousani ( 1626-1650 deceased )
Youssef as-Sami ( 27 January 1691 - 1698 resigned )
Georges Khairallah Istifan ( 1698 - 1716 resigned )
Abdallah Qara'ali ( Aqraoli ) , OLM ( September 17 , 1716 - January 6 , 1742 deceased )
Youhanna Estephan ( Istifan ) ( 1743 - 1754 withdrawn )
Joseph Estephan ( August 1754 consecrated - April 6 , 1767 confirmed Maronite Patriarch of Antioch )
Athanasius Aelcheniei ( 1768 - 1778 deceased )
Michael Fadel ( 1779 - September 10 , 1793 elected Maronite Patriarch of Antioch )
Jeremiah Najim ( November 11 , 1779 - June 8 , 1802 deceased )
Michael Fadel II ( June 27 , 1796 confirmed - June 2 , 1819 deceased )
Peter Abu Karam ( November 28 , 1819 - January 15 , 1844 deceased )
Tobia Aoun ( December 31 , 1844 - April 4 , 1871 deceased )
Joseph Debs ( February 11 , 1872 - October 7 , 1907 deceased )
Pierre Chébly ( Scebly ) ( February 14 , 1908 - May 30 , 1917 deceased )
Ignace Mobarak ( February 23 , 1919 - January 20 , 1952 withdrawn )
Ignace Ziadé ( January 26 , 1952 - April 4 , 1986 retired )
Khalil Abi-Nader ( April 4 , 1986 - June 8 , 1996 withdrawn )
Paul Youssef Matar , ( since June 8 , 1996 )
Sources
Annuario Pontificio , Libreria Editrice Vaticana , Città del Vaticano , 2003 , .
References
External links
http : //www.catholic-hierarchy.org/diocese/dbrtm.html
http : //www.gcatholic.org/dioceses/diocese/beir3.htm
http : //booksnow1.scholarsportal.info/ebooks/oca2/4/dictionnairedhis08bauduoft/dictionnairedhis08bauduoft.pdf , vol . VIII , Parigi 1935 , coll . 1319-1322 e 1336
Catholicism in Beirut
Maronite Church in Lebanon
Maronite Catholic eparchies
1577 establishments in Asia
Organisations based in Beirut
Wyżłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów , south of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin . The village is located in the historical region Galicia .
The village has a population of 40 .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Arthur Elkins ( 1880 – 1920 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a forward .
References
1880 births
1920 deaths
Footballers from Grimsby
English footballers
Association football forwards
Grimsby Town F.C . players
English Football League players
The Wally Parks NHRA Motorsports Museum is located on the edge of the Los Angeles County Fairplex . It houses a collection of memorabilia , automobiles , and motorcycles related to the sport of hot-rodding .
History
The museum was created by a group of long-time NHRA staff members and led by founder Wally Parks , for whom the museum was renamed on Parks ' ninetieth birthday . The Automobile Club of Southern California stepped in as the presenting sponsor of the museum . Steve Gibbs , now a retired vice-president of NHRA , led the team that reconditioned a WPA-constructed building on the grounds of the Fairplex to house the museum , which opened to the public in 1998 .
Despite the COVID-19 pandemic since 2020 , the museum stays open with precautionary measures enforced that include wearing masks and social distancing .
Collections
Among the exhibits is one of A. J. Foyt 's Coyote Indy Cars , Kenny Bernstein 's first dragster to reach speeds in excess of , the Bob McClung helmet and photo collection , a collection of Indianapolis 500 credentials and artifacts from early events in the history of land speed records and hot rods . Temporary exhibits have also been created to honor participants in hot rodding including Vic Edelbrock , Don Prudhomme , the 1932 Ford , Track Roadsters , Parnelli Jones , and the So-Cal Speed Shop .
In 2008 , the museum began hosting a special exhibition dedicated to Gale Banks and their contributions to the sport of drag racing . The exhibit is entitled `` Banks Power : The First 50 Years . ''
Finances
The museum is structured as a non-profit organization under the laws of the United States , section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) of the Internal Revenue Code . It produces and benefits from two annual hot rod reunions . The Holley NHRA National Hot Rod Reunion is held in June at Beech Bend Park in Bowling Green , Kentucky , . The NHRA California Hot Rod Reunion is held in October at Famoso Raceway in Bakersfield , California .
References
External links
Museums established in 1998
Automobile museums in California
Sports in Pomona , California
Museums in Los Angeles County , California
Sports museums in California
Buildings and structures in Pomona , California
1998 establishments in California
Vanessa Middleton is an American film and television producer and writer , as well as a film director . Middleton has worked as a writer on shows like Cosby , Girlfriends , and Hangin ' with Mr. Cooper . In 2001 , Middleton made their feature film directorial debut with the romantic comedy 30 Years to Life , starring Tracy Morgan , Paula Jai Parker , and Allen Payne .
In 2013 , Middleton created the web series Walk This Way .
Film and television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
American film directors
American television actores
American television producers
American women television producers
American television writers
English-language film directors
American women film directors
Living people
American women screenwriters
American women television writers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American women
Abattoir Blues ( American title : In the Dark Places ) is the 22nd novel by Canadian detective fiction writer Peter Robinson in the Inspector Banks series set in Yorkshire . It was published in 2014 .
Plot
DCI Banks has been on holiday in Umbria , Italy , meeting their girlfriend Oriana 's family . They are due back on Tuesday but calls into work a day early . DC Gerry Masterson says You 're a glutton for punishment , sir . When talking to a witness , a retired police officer who says Why keep working any longer than you have to DI Annie Cabott thinks of Banks : They 'd have to drag them kicking and screaming out of their office soon . Or would they get a newer , bigger office and an extra five years grace if they got promoted to Superintendent , as Gervaise had promised last November .
Annie investigates a bloody stolen tractor .... Is this why I put in all those years to make DI But DC Dougal Wilson says it 's rural crime ... a major crime .... according to the new police commissioner . And it is worth over a hundred K. Then the crime is linked to a human bloodstain found in a hangar at a disused wartime aerodrome , and ties into a local criminal ring run by the tractor owner who is an ex-City financier . Beddowes is a `` hobby '' farmer , not a `` real '' farmer according to the locals . When a lorry carrying corpses of fallen farm animals for incineration crashes off the isolated Belderfield Pass , amongst the animal remains there is a dismembered human body , probably that of a missing petty criminal from the criminal ring . So vegetarian DI Annie has to investigate the local ( legitimate ) abattoirs .
Richard `` Dirty Dick '' Burgess helps Banks out in London as `` Operation Hawk '' is targeting rural crime . After talking to Burgess who tells them that the London mastermind has `` coughed '' to save himself , Banks felt defeated then realised that was the way of the world .... there 'll always be a Dirty Dick Burgess , but it was a win for them . And they realised earlier that Burgess was one of their few remaining friends . Then Banks finds an hours-old note from DS Winsome Jackman saying they are off to the isolated High Point Farm and wants backup . Banks rushes there and is told Winsome has hidden in the Swainsdale cave system ; which they know as they are a keen potholer . They had found an illegal abattoir ; the villain chases them but gets stuck in the caves and dies of hypothermia .
External links
Dedicated page on author 's website
2014 Canadian novels
Canadian crime novels
Novels by Peter Robinson ( novelist )
Novels set in Yorkshire
Hodder & Stoughton books
Liu Qi ( died 209 ) was a Chinese military general and politician who lived during the late Eastern Han dynasty . They were the elder son of Liu Biao , the Governor of Jing Province . They provided reinforcements and refuge for Liu Bei when the latter was fleeing from Cao Cao 's forces after the Battle of Changban , and assisted Liu Bei and Zhou Yu in the following Battle of Red Cliffs .
Fraternal strife
Although Liu Qi was Liu Biao 's firstborn son , their younger brother Liu Cong had better prospects of succeeding Liu Biao because they married the niece of Lady Cai , Liu Biao 's second wife . The Cai family faction , whose members included Cai Mao and Zhang Yun ( ) , had a powerful presence in Liu Biao 's administration . As the Cai family faction gained influence , they increasingly pressured Liu Biao to designate Liu Cong as their heir to the governorship of Jing Province .
When Liu Qi turned to Zhuge Liang for advice on self-preservation , the latter refused to help him . It is recorded that Liu Qi tricked Zhuge Liang into climbing up a tower while visiting the garden . While they were chatting and feasting in the tower , Liu Qi secretly instructed to their servants to remove the ladder . They then told Zhuge Liang , `` Now , nothing goes up to Heaven and nothing goes down to Earth . Whatever you say will be heard by me only . Ca n't you say something now ? '' Zhuge Liang replied , `` Sir , have n't you read that Shensheng was in danger because they remained in Jin while Chong'er was safe because they were outside Jin ? '' Liu Qi understood what Zhuge Liang was alluding to , and secretly came up with an idea .
Following the death of Huang Zu after the Battle of Jiangxia in 208 , Liu Qi volunteered to be the new Administrator of Jiangxia ( present-day Xinzhou District , Wuhan , Hubei ) , about 250 km southeast of Jing Province 's capital in Xiangyang . Sources differ on whether Liu Qi requested this appointment to escape the fraternal conflict or if they were forced out of the capital by the Cai family faction . In any case , they seemed to have been tasked with leading a counterattack against the forces of the warlord Sun Quan , who had seized control of Jiangxia Commandery following their victory over Huang Zu .
Shortly after Liu Qi 's move to Jiangxia Commandery , Liu Biao died suddenly in Xiangyang and Liu Cong succeeded them as the Governor of Jing Province . Liu Qi henceforth treated Liu Cong like an enemy , and may have attacked them had not it is not been for the arrival of Cao Cao 's army .
Cao Cao 's army arrived from the north , not far from Xiangyang . Liu Qi fled south across the Yangtze . Lacking the numbers and political support to wage war with Cao Cao , Liu Cong took the advice of 15 of their senior advisers and surrendered their governorship of Jing Province to Cao Cao . Not long after this , Liu Bei , somewhat in dire straits after their disastrous defeat at the Battle of Changban , crossed the Han River into Jiangxia Commandery with some dozens of close associates and met up with Liu Qi . Liu Qi took their army and escorted Liu Bei back over the Han River to collect Liu Bei 's forces that had scattered after the Battle of Changban .
Battle of Red Cliffs
Liu Qi is claimed to have commanded about 10,000 troops . While this may be an exaggeration , it is probable that their local forces were comparable in size to the reconstituted forces of Liu Bei , including Guan Yu 's fleet . The promise of 10,000 more men waiting to join up with their army may or may not have swayed Sun Quan 's decision to order the combined assault against Cao Cao 's men .
With what little historical information recorded about the Battle of Red Cliffs buried under centuries of accumulated legend , it is difficult to say to any degree what role Liu Qi 's forces had in the battle , but with the combined forces of Sun Quan , Liu Bei , and Liu Qi facing an army much more numerous , their troops must have taken part in the battle , possibly under their direct command .
After the victory over Cao Cao , Liu Qi was appointed Inspector of Jing Province , finally succeeding their father , albeit in an incomplete way . They died at Jiangxia within a few months of their appointment . After Liu Qi 's death , Liu Bei took over their position at the considerably higher rank of Governor of Jing Province .
See also
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms
References
Luo , Guanzhong ( 14th century ) . Romance of the Three Kingdoms ( Sanguo Yanyi ) .
2nd-century births
209 deaths
Liu Biao and associates
Han dynasty generals
Han dynasty politicians
Political office-holders in Hubei
Company management in a theatre or a travelling company entails all of the travelling , accommodation and day-to-day needs of the acting , design and technical company members . In regional theatres it often includes renting apartments and hotel rooms , booking airline tickets , orchestrating furnishings and cleanings for rented apartments , and dealing with any special needs and requests . Company managers will also often coordinate auditions and aid in contracting actors and creatives .
In a travelling company the company manager also arranges for travel and housing , but might also travel with the production . In most local or regional theaters the company manager takes on the job of being the liaison to the actors . The company manager serves as the direct point of contact of any questions the actors might have and the direct contact from the management team to the actors .
In traveling shows or festivals the company manager might be responsible for all staff issues , such as : travel arrangements and meals for not only the actors but for the entire staff . But in theaters such as Broadway or regional theaters where actors are stationary for a longer run ; the company manager takes on the actors and the production manager deals with the tech crew .
Stagecraft
Theatrical occupations
Theatrical management
Richard I. Gregory is Professor in the Departments of Biological Chemistry and Molecular Pharmacology , and Pediatrics at Harvard Medical School , and Principal Investigator in The Stem Cell Program in the Division of Hematology/Oncology at Boston Children 's Hospital . They are also Principal faculty member of The Harvard Stem Cell Institute , and a 2008 Pew Scholar .
They received a PhD from Cambridge University , UK in 2001 , studying genomic imprinting at the Babraham Institute . Gregory performed their postdoctoral work at the Fox Chase Cancer Center and the Wistar Institute , Philadelphia . Their postdoctoral research focused on mechanisms of miRNA biogenesis and function , and was supported by a Jane Coffin Childs Research Fellowship .
References
Living people
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Harvard Medical School faculty
Year of birth missing ( living people )
With a population of about 20,000 , Salzgitter-Bad is the second biggest quarter of the German city Salzgitter in Lower Saxony . Salzgitter 's name derives from it ; the quarter is regarded as the historical and cultural centre of Salzgitter .
History
Today 's quarter Salzgitter-Bad was called `` Salzgitter '' until 1951 when the city `` Watenstedt-Salzgitter '' was renamed into `` Salzgitter '' . In 1929 , that original Salzgitter was chartered . Until 1942 when the City of Salzgitter was formed , it belonged to the then Landkreis Goslar being a small town . More information about its history can be found at Salzgitter .
Population development
ca . 650 ( 1539 ) , 1550 ( around 1790 ) , 1481 ( 1823 ) , 1778 ( 1885 ) , 2000 ( 1905 ) , 2190 ( 1925 ) , 3500 ( 1937 ) , ca . 23 000 ( 2005 ) , ca . 20 800 ( 2015 ) .
Commerce and infrastructure
Being close to Goslar , Braunschweig and Hildesheim , Salzgitter-Bad shows increasing infrastructure decline . The number of cinemas , bars and discos has declined throughout the decades . There is neither an outdoor pool any more nor a department store . Instead there have appeared some shopping centres and supermarkets on the area of the former goods station that fill the gap of consumer goods which was left after the closing of the department store . However , the concentration of purchasing power outside the pedestrian zone is leading to more and more shops leaving the latter .
Some authorities of Salzgitter are located at Salzgitter-Bad at the Small Townhall , where there is also the Public Library of Salzgitter-Bad . Moreover , the city 's archive is settled at Salzgitter-Bad .
Salzgitter-Bad is home to Salzgitter Maschinenbau AG ( SMAG ) which employs approximately 900 employees located in Salzgitter-Bad , Döbeln and Shanghai . The revenue in the fiscal year 2006/2007 was approximately €100 million . The company manufactures grabs for ports , antenna supports for military and civilian applications and mining equipment .
Traffic
Railway
Salzgitter-Bad is part of the Göttingen/Herzberg - Braunschweig railway line . The historical station building is a listed building . Surrounded by a forecourt designed elaborately , the station is located at the rim of the Altstadt . Earlier , there was another line , which is now a historic railway run for commercial reasons . Furthermore , there is a goods traffic line to the steel works in the North of Salzgitter . The economical importance of the station of Salzgitter-Bad is little , though . The goods station has been transformed into a shopping park ( see under `` Commerce and Infrastructure '' ) .
Bus
While earlier the railway connected the quarters of Salzgitter , especially the rural ones , nowadays this is done by buses . Salzgitter-Bad has an interior bus network ; apart from this you can reach the other quarters , for example the administrative and commercial centre of Salzgitter in Salzgitter-Lebenstedt , but also other cities such as Braunschweig and Goslar .
Road
There is no autobahn at Salzgitter-Bad . The nearest ones are the A7 , which can be reached in the west , and the A39 , which is in the northern part of Salzgitter . Minor highways B6 and B248 lead through Salzgitter-Bad . The quarter is connected to Salzgitter-Lebenstedt by a two-lane minor highway .
Tourism
Salzgitter-Bad is a registered spa with a brine bath in the Southern East . Earlier the bath was in the Altstadt near the historical saline , which had been discovered in the 7th century .
There are Tennis , Golf , Equitation and other sport facilities that reveal Salzgitter-Bad 's earlier importance as health resort and recreation locality close to the Harz mountains . By now , the promotion of tourism has faded ; instead the City of Salzgitter tries to promote the entire city in terms of tourism .
Education
There are four primary schools and one combined primary school and Hauptschule . Moreover , there are one Gymnasiums , one Realschule , one Hauptschule and one special school , since schools have been united in 2005 following Lower-Saxony 's school reform .
Event
Every summer , Salzgitter-Bad celebrates the `` Altstadt Festival '' organised by various local businesses . For three days this street party offers foods and drinks , accessories , art , handcraft and a lot of activities by the associations and churches . On the public squares , there are music performances .
See also
Salzgitter
Salzgitter-Ringelheim
Innerste
Harz
Lower Saxony
References
External links
www.salzgitteraner.de ( German )
Towns in Lower Saxony
Salzgitter
Quiet Village : The Exotic Sounds of Martin Denny was the eighth album by Martin Denny . Released in the summer of 1959 , the monophonic version of the album ( LRP 3122 ) reached No . 21 on the Billboard monophonic album chart in November 1959 , and the stereophonic version ( LST 7122 ) reached No . 12 on the magazine 's stereophonic album chart in January 1960 .
Track listing
Side A
1 . `` Stranger in Paradise '' ( George Forrest ) – 2:19
2 . `` Hawaiian War Chant '' ( Prince Leleiohoku ) – 2:14
3 . `` Coronation '' ( Les Baxter ) – 2:49
4 . `` Sake Rock '' – 1:57
5 . `` Paradise Found '' – 2:28
6 . `` Firecracker '' – 2:26
Side B
1 . `` Martinique '' – 2:53
2 . `` My Little Grass Shack in Kealakekua , Hawaii Cha Cha Cha '' – 1:56
3 . `` Tune from Rangoon '' – 2:58
4 . `` Happy Talk '' ( Richard Rodgers , Oscar Hammerstein II ) – 2:24
5 . `` Pagan Love Song '' – 2:23
6 . `` Laura '' ( David Raksin , Johnny Mercer ) – 2:55
7 . `` Quiet Village – 3:37
Personnel
Musicians/performers
Martin Denny – piano , celeste , arranger , composer
Augie Colon – bongos , congas , bird calls
Julius Wechter – vibes , marimba , percussion
Harvey Ragsdale – string bass , marimbula
Raymond Alexander – percussion
Jose Bethancourt – percussion
John Frigo – string bass
Other contributors
Si Waronker – producer
Ivan Nagy – color photography
Pate/Francis & Assoc . – cover design
Sandy Warner – cover model , `` the Exotica girl ''
John Sturges – liner notes
Critical reception
Wally George in the Los Angeles Times called the album another of Denny 's `` slick releases '' and noted : `` As with the six previous Denny efforts , the music has the charm of the islands or is it , perhaps , the call of the wild ? Denny relies almost entirely on percussion instruments to create their illusions , and one of their helpers , August Colon , supplies bird calls . Unless our ears deceive , Mr. Colon has been padding their part . This is not necessarily a criticism , just an observation : at times you get the feeling you 're locked in the Griffith Park bird sanctuary . ''
Tony Wilds on AllMusic.com gave the album 4.5 stars and called it as `` representative of the standard Denny oeuvre : birdcall `` Polynesian '' exotica , Chinese , and Japanese . '' Wilds described `` Little Grass Shack '' as `` self parody '' with a cha-cha-chá beat `` punctuated with an absurd duck call instead of the usual birds . ''
Philadelphia disc jockey Phil Sheridan rated it as their `` album choice '' in July 1959 , described the album as `` another assortment of native sounds and intriguing musical patterns '' , and called Denny `` an innovator of original sounds '' .
References
1959 albums
Exotica albums
Martin Denny albums
Liberty Records albums
Albums produced by Martin Denny
Albums arranged by Martin Denny
This is a list of all tornadoes that were confirmed by local offices of the National Weather Service in the United States from November to December 2013 .
November
November 4 event
November 17 event
November 26 event
December
December 14 event
December 20 event
December 21 event
See also
Tornadoes of 2013
Tornado outbreak of November 17 , 2013
Notes
References
Tornadoes of 2013
2013 , 11
November 2013 events in the United States
December 2013 events in the United States
Barra Beach ( ) or simply Barra is a tourist beach in southeastern Mozambique . This holiday settlement lies on the Indian Ocean coast , on the Ponta da Barra peninsula in Inhambane Province , 25 km drive from Inhambane city . A major Mozambican tourist destination , Barra is home to beach resorts , private vacation homes , restaurants and diving charters . Snorkeling is popular below the Barra Lighthouse at low tide where there is a natural tidal pool . The wreck of the SS Inharrime , an Italian built cargo ship that ran aground in 1949 , lies exposed nearby . The Barra and Tofo area is one of the global hotspots for divers to see whale sharks , sea turtles and manta rays .
Tropical Cyclone Dineo
On 15 February 2017 Tropical Cyclone Dineo reached the Mozambican Coast . Barra was near the epicentre and many resorts , homes and trees were destroyed or damaged . The local fishing community was severely affected .
See also
Inhambane
References
Beaches of Mozambique
Baldersdale Woodlands is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district of south-west County Durham , England . It consists primarily of ancient , semi-natural woodland growing on steep valley slopes , including scree , on both banks of the River Balder over a stretch of some 3 km , upstream ( i.e . west ) of the village of Cotherstone . The site has a rich faunal assemblage and the woodland and associated stretch of the river is home to a variety of birds , including dipper and goosander .
In part , the site derives its importance from the proximity of similarly protected sites in other valleys in the River Tees catchment area ; the Shipley and Great Woods SSSI occupies a similar position in the valley of the Tees immediately north of Cotherstone .
The condition of the site was last assessed by Natural England in September 2009 , when it was mostly rated as `` favourable '' ; a small area , just over 10 percent of the total area , is suffering from cattle grazing but was rated as `` recovering '' .
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Forests and woodlands of County Durham
Frank Ezekiel Holman ( 1886–1967 ) was an American attorney known for their 1948 effort to amend the United States Constitution to limit the power of treaties and executive agreements . Holman 's work led to the Bricker Amendment .
Early life and education
Holman was born in Sandy , Utah . They graduated from the University of Utah in 1908 and won a Rhodes Scholarship to study law at the University of Oxford .
Career
Admitted to the Washington bar in 1911 and the Utah bar in 1912 , they were the dean of the S.J . Quinney College of Law from 1913 to 1915 , after which they began a law practice in Salt Lake City .
In 1924 , they moved to Seattle , Washington , to practice law until their retirement in 1961 . Holman argued cases in state and federal courts , including the United States Supreme Court .
Holman was active in legal organizations . They were president of the Seattle Bar Association in 1941 and the Washington State Bar Association in 1945 . They were elected president of the American Bar Association in 1948 and traveled extensively to warn Americans of the dangers of `` treaty law '' .
In 1953 , the Seattle-King County Association of Realtors awarded them their `` First Citizen '' award .
Holman 's papers are in the collection of the University of Washington Library in Seattle .
Death
Holman died in Seattle in 1967 .
External links
Washington State Library biography
Bibliography
Frank E. Holman . The Life and Career of a Western Lawyer , 1886-1961 . Baltimore , Maryland : Port City Press , 1963 .
Frank E. Holman . The Story of the `` Bricker Amendment . '' New York City : Fund for Constitutional Government , 1954 .
References
1886 births
1967 deaths
20th-century American lawyers
University of Utah alumni
American Rhodes Scholars
Lawyers from Seattle
Presidents of the American Bar Association
People from Sandy , Utah
Viktor Borysovych Maslov ( , born 31 March 1949 in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatskiy , Kamchatka Oblast ) is a former Ukrainian footballer and football referee .
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
People from Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian football referees
FC Vorskla Poltava players
FC Chornomorets Odesa players
FC Dnipro players
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
FC Elektrometalurh-NZF Nikopol players
Soviet Top League players
Soviet football managers
Ukrainian football managers
FC Krystal Kherson managers
FC Vorskla Poltava managers
FC Torpedo Zaporizhzhia managers
FC Dnipro-2 Dnipropetrovsk managers
FC Stal Kamianske managers
Association football midfielders
Love Us or Hate Us is the fourth album released by rap group , Dirty . It was released on September 30 , 2003 through Rap-a-Lot Records and featured production from Dirty , MaxiMillion , Mike Jackson , Grade A Muzik . Recorded and mixed by Grade A Muzik and Mike Jackson in Montgomery , Alabama . Mastered by Mike Dean . The album peaked at # 160 on the Billboard 200 and # 22 on the Top R & B/Hip-Hop Albums and was the duo 's first album to be distributed by Rap-a-Lot Records .
Track listing
`` Love Us or Hate Us '' - 5:09
`` We Still '' - 4:02
`` 24 Inches '' - 4:25
`` Pimp Life '' - 4:10
`` Keep My Name Out Your Mouth '' - 4:20
`` Da Hood '' - 4:09
`` Gangsta Wife '' - 5:23
`` I Wish '' - 4:56
`` 2 Deep Creepin '' - 4:57
`` Ai n't No Sunshine '' - 4:58
`` If I Die Tonight '' - 6:06
`` That 's Why I '' - 4:10
`` No More Tears '' - 6:24
`` Paid My Dues '' - 4:39
`` Thou Shall Not Kill '' - 4:50
2003 albums
Dirty ( group ) albums
Rap-A-Lot Records albums
Jerzy Bińczycki ( 6 September 1937 – 2 October 1998 ) was a Polish stage and film actor . They appeared in 50 films between 1962 and 1998 . They starred in the 1975 film Nights and Days , which was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival .
Bińczycki was awarded the Officer 's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta in 1989 . They are buried at the Rakowicki Cemetery in Kraków .
Partial filmography
Drugi brzeg ( 1962 )
Koniec naszego swiata ( 1964 ) - Zyd na rampie
Pięciu ( 1964 ) - Coalminer ( uncredited )
Goraca linia ( 1965 )
Skok ( 1969 )
Salt of the Black Earth ( 1970 ) - Bernard Basista
Poludnik zero ( 1971 ) - Byk
Family Life ( 1971 )
Szklana kula ( 1972 ) - Tourist
Janosik ( 1974 ) - Straznik ( uncredited )
Orzel i reszka ( 1975 ) - Doctor
Nights and Days ( 1975 ) - Bogumil Niechcic
Dagny ( 1977 ) - Jan Kasprowicz
Szpital Przemienienia ( 1979 ) - Engineer Andrzej Nowacki
Podróz do Arabii ( 1980 ) - Dr. Andrzej
W bialy dzien ( 1981 ) - Radca
Ciosy ( 1981 )
Anna ( 1981 ) - Kozma
Dreszcze ( 1981 ) - Cebula , nauczyciel jezyka polskiego
The Quack ( 1982 ) - Prof. Rafał Wilczur
Okno ( 1983 ) - Neighbour
Na odsiecz Wiedniowi ( 1983 ) - Jan III Sobieski
Okolice spokojnego morza ( 1983 ) - Cpt . Piotr Ziemba
Diary for My Lovers ( 1987 ) - Professzor
Magnat ( 1987 ) - Zbierski , Director of von Teusses ' Mines
Cienie ( 1988 ) - Józef
Meskie sprawy ( 1989 )
Pilkarski poker ( 1989 ) - Football Association Official
Powroty ( 1989 ) - Doktor Majeran
Escape from the 'Liberty ' Cinema ( 1990 ) - Cinema Manager Karwanski
30 Door Key ( 1991 ) - Prof. Filidor
Listopad ( 1992 ) - Sara 's father
Superwizja ( 1993 ) - Ryszard Edman - chairperson of 'SuperVision '
Enak ( 1993 ) - Known Reporter
Panna z mokra glowa ( 1994 )
Legenda Tatr ( 1995 )
Dzieje mistrza Twardowskiego ( 1996 ) - Professor Lukasz
A hetedik szoba ( 1996 ) - University rector
O dwóch takich , co nic nie ukradli ( 1999 ) - Professor
Pan Tadeusz ( 1999 ) - Maciej Królik-Rózeczka
Syzyfowe prace ( 2000 ) - Priest Wargulski
References
External links
1937 births
1998 deaths
Male actors from Kraków
Polish male film actors
Polish male stage actors
Officers of the Order of Polonia Restituta
20th-century Polish male actors
French Village is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on Chebucto Peninsula . French village initially included present day villages of Tantallon , Glen Haven and French Village . The French that migrated to the area were French speaking families from the Principality of Montbeliard ( annexed by France 1793 ) and known as the `` Foreign Protestants '' . They had come to Nova Scotia between 1750 and 1752 to settle Lunenburg , Nova Scotia . Contrary to belief , they were not Huguenots . The church is the community is St. Paul 's Church . In 1901 , the Halifax and Southwestern Railway was built through the area and the railway choose the name French Village for the station serving the three communities . The French Village station , actually located in Tantallon , has been preserved as a cafe beside the recreational trail that follows the old Halifax & Southwestern Railway roadbed .
References
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
In Polynesian mythology ( specifically Tikopia ) , Atua I Raropuka is a creator being , often spoken of in tandem with their wife , Atua Fafine .
Raropuka is the lesser creator-god . They were invoked after the creation of the world within the sky , and was directed to give man all their knowledge .
Which foodstuffs were edible , which animals were to become man 's totems and which were taboo , as these are either messengers or omens . Taking a totem animal is allowed within the clan of that animal . A man must present at least one of each one of their clan 's totem animals to the heads of all the other clans to become a man ( among other rites of passage ) . A man who accidentally takes another clan 's totem animals must give it either an adult male or female member of that animal 's clan . Typically , the offended clan member forgives the trespass , and will return the totem with the majority of the kill intact , save for the decorative , tool-bearing , or ritualistic portions removed . A woman of any age who finds , or fishes a totem animal may do the portioning on any totem animals within or out-clan if they intend to give the portions to that clan . If a girl wishes to marry , they will actively pursue and portion totem animals and make offerings to the boy they like .
Raropuka is the creator of medicinal plants ( either herbal or drug plants ) and all fruit bearing plants . Non-edible plants and flowers bearing non-edible fruits are the work of the original creator god .
References
Tikopian deities
Polynesian gods
Creator gods
Nature gods
Knowledge gods
Primordial teachers
The 2012 Singapore League Cup ( known as the StarHub League Cup for sponsorship purposes ) was held between 26 July to 11 August 2012 . Traditionally held as a knockout competition , the 2012 edition saw a new format where four groups of three teams battled it out for a place in the semi-finals . In addition , the four teams that finished third in their respective groups played in a separate Plate Competition consisting of two semi-finals and a final .
The winner of the StarHub League Cup , DPMM FC , walked away with SGD $ 30,000 in prize money , while the runner-up of the competition , Geylang United received SGD $ 15,000 in prize money . The winner of the Plate competition , Balestier Khalsa , also walked away with SGD $ 5,000 in prize money .
The draw for the Cup was held on Thursday , 12 July 2012 at the Football Association of Singapore 's headquarters in Jalan Besar Stadium , Singapore . While 12 teams from the S.League will play in the StarHub League Cup , Malaysia 's Harimau Muda A did not be participating in this competition . This was because the Young Tigers had earlier served notice that they were invited for another tournament in Austria scheduled for the same Muslim fasting month period .
StarHub broadcast both semi-finals and the final ‘ live ' on its sports channel , SuperSports Arena .
Preliminary stage
Group A : Singapore Armed Forces FC , Tanjong Pagar United FC , DPMM FC
Group B : Albirex Niigata ( S ) , Balestier Khalsa FC , Geylang United FC
Group C : Home United FC , Young Lions FC , Hougang United FC
Group D : Tampines Rovers FC , Woodlands Wellington FC , Gombak United FC
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout stage
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Plate Competition
The Plate competition will be made up of the four teams that finish third in their respective groups . Balestier Khalsa became the winners of the inaugural Plate Competition when they beat the Young Lions FC by a single goal scored in the dying minutes of the plate final by Prime League striker , Kim Min-ho .
Plate Knockout stage
Plate Semi Finals
Plate Final
See also
S.League
Singapore Cup
Singapore Charity Shield
Football Association of Singapore
List of football clubs in Singapore
References
External links
SLeague.Com : WANTED : Two ardent fans of Harimau Muda and DPMM ( for League Cup 2012 draw )
SLeague.com : League Cup 2012 Fixtures and Scores
2012
League Cup
2012 domestic association football cups
July 2012 sports events in Asia
August 2012 sports events in Asia
Kharab-e Mian Rud ( , also Romanized as Kharāb-e Mīān Rūd ; also known as Kharābeh-ye Mīān Rūd ) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 133 , in 37 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
A Stonyhurst disk is a transparent circular grid with lines of longitude and latitude that can overlay a solar image to reference the positions of sunspots . This overlay system was originally created at the Stonyhurst College observatory .
References
Astronomical instruments
Stonyhurst College
Jeffrey Lane Hephner ( born June 22 , 1975 ) is an American actor , best known for the role of Jeff Clarke , first on the NBC television series Chicago Fire and then on its sister show , Chicago Med . More recently , they co-starred with Jennifer Garner in the action thriller film Peppermint . They also appear in the 2016 National Geographic TV series MARS and the Apple TV+ original science fiction space drama series For All Mankind . In January 2019 , they co-starred in the film An Acceptable Loss .
Hephner has appeared in over 50 other films and television shows , including as Morgan Stanley Buffkin in the CW series Easy Money ( 2008–2009 ) , and as Ben Zajac in the Starz political drama Boss ( 2011–2012 ) . In 2015 , they starred as the title character in the short-lived TNT action drama Agent X .
Early life
Hephner was born in Adrian , Michigan to Tom and Patti Hephner , and grew up in the small town of Sand Creek , in southern Michigan near Adrian . Hephner was athletic growing up , playing basketball and football , and they graduated from Sand Creek High School . Hephner was named to the all-state team for Class C-D for the 1993–1994 season .
They attended and played basketball for Calvin College in Grand Rapids , Michigan for two years before transferring to Ferris State University in Big Rapids , Michigan for two years .
Career
Hephner began their Hollywood career with small roles in two feature films , Tigerland ( 2000 ) and Maid in Manhattan ( 2002 ) . After starring in the short-lived Fox series The Jury in 2004 , in 2005 , they guest-starred in the NBC series Law & Order : Criminal Intent in season 4 : episode 21 titled `` The Unblinking Eye '' . Hephner starred as author Pat Conroy in the Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movie The Water Is Wide ( 2006 ) , based on Conroy 's book and a remake of the drama Conrack ( 1974 ) .
They starred in The CW series Easy Money , which aired for four episodes in October 2008 before being cancelled . The other four episodes aired in mid-2009 . Following the cancellation of Easy Money , Hephner guest-starred in Private Practice , CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , NCIS , Castle and had a recurring role in four episodes of the NBC medical drama Mercy . In 2010 , Hephner replaced Ben Browder in a recurring role in the CW series Hellcats as football coach Red Raymond .
BuddyTV ranked Hephner # 86 on its list of `` TV 's Sexiest Men of 2011 '' . In 2011 , Hephner was cast in the NBC series The Playboy Club , but was replaced by Eddie Cibrian before filming began . From 2011 to 2012 , Hephner played Ben Zajac in the Starz political drama series Boss . From 2013 to 2014 , Hephner had a recurring role in the second season of the NBC drama Chicago Fire . In 2015 , Hephner co-starred with Sharon Stone in the TNT series Agent X .
From 2016 to 2017 , Hephner reprised their role as Jeff Clarke in Chicago Fire '' 's medical spinoff Chicago Med '' , where Clarke returns to medical school . They appeared in the first season finale and recurred in the show until towards the end of the second season .
Filmography
References
External links
Juba , Scott . – `` Interview : Jeff Hephner : The Water Is Wide in The O.C. '' . – the Trades . – January 27 , 2006 .
1975 births
Living people
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Michigan
Calvin University alumni
Ferris State Bulldogs men 's basketball players
Male actors from Michigan
People from Adrian , Michigan
Calvin Knights men 's basketball players
Obolopteryx is a North American genus of katydids or bush crickets in the subfamily Phaneropterinae and tribe Odonturini .
Species
The Orthoptera Species File lists :
Obolopteryx brevihastata ( Morse , 1902 )
Obolopteryx castanea ( Rehn & Hebard , 1914 )
Obolopteryx catinata ( Rehn & Hebard , 1914 )
Obolopteryx emarginata ( Brunner von Wattenwyl , 1878 ) type species ( as Dichopetala emarginata )
Obolopteryx eurycerca Barrientos-Lozano & Rocha-Sánchez , 2016
Obolopteryx gladiator ( Rehn & Hebard , 1914 )
Obolopteryx huastecana Barrientos-Lozano & Rocha-Sánchez , 2016
Obolopteryx nigra Barrientos-Lozano & Rocha-Sánchez , 2016
Obolopteryx oreoeca ( Rehn & Hebard , 1914 )
Obolopteryx poecila ( Hebard , 1932 )
Obolopteryx seeversi ( Strohecker , 1941 )
Obolopteryx tamaholipana Barrientos-Lozano & Rocha-Sánchez , 2016
Obolopteryx tanchipae Barrientos-Lozano & Rocha-Sánchez , 2016
Obolopteryx truncoangulata Barrientos-Lozano & Rocha-Sánchez , 2015
References
External links
Tettigoniidae genera
Phaneropterinae
Orthoptera of North America
KF Gradec ( , FK Gradec ) is a football club based in the village of Gradec near Gostivar , North Macedonia . They are currently competing in the OFS Gostivar league .
History
The club was founded in 1977 .
References
External links
Gradec Facebook
Club info at MacedonianFootball
Football Federation of Macedonia
Gradec
Association football clubs established in 1977
1977 establishments in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia
Gostivar Municipality
Gradec
The Commodore 's Messenger Organization ( CMO ) is an elite organization within the Sea Org , an unincorporated paramilitary wing of the Church of Scientology , described by the Church as a `` fraternal religious order '' comprising the most dedicated Scientologists . Its members communicate and enforce policies of the Religious Technology Center .
Formation
The first Commodore 's Messengers were appointed by L. Ron Hubbard in 1968 while they were living aboard the Sea Organization flagship Apollo . These messengers were their personal administrative assistants and operated solely under their direction , ensuring that Scientology management was following Hubbard 's policies .
The original four messengers were Janis Gillham ( aged 11 ) , Terri Gillham ( 12 ) , Annie Tidman ( 12 ) and Suzette Hubbard ( 13 ) , who was later replaced by Claire Popham ( 13 ) . In 1975 while sailing in the Caribbean , due to the heat and humidity , the Messengers devised their uniforms themselves : white shorts , tie tops and platform shoes with knee high socks . Messengers conveyed messages from Hubbard and they were trained to mimic Hubbard 's exact tone and mannerisms . According to messenger Tonja Burden , CMO recruits were required to practice specific training routines to attain this skill : `` During the Training Routines , myself and two others practiced carrying messages to LRH . We had to listen to a message , repeat it in the same tone , and practice salutes . ''
Sea Org member Doreen Smith recalled a conversation they had with Hubbard concerning the origins of the CMO and why they had focused on young girls to carry out their personal tasks and deliver their executive orders :
I once asked them why they chose young girls as messengers ... They said it was an idea they had picked up from Nazi Germany . They said Hitler was a madman , but nevertheless a genius in their own right and the Nazi Youth was one of the smartest ideas they ever had . With young people you had a blank slate and you could write anything you wanted on it and it would be your writing . That was their idea , to take young people and mould them into little Hubbards . They said they had girls because women were more loyal than men .
Watchdog Committee and All Clear Unit
In April 1979 , Hubbard created the Watchdog Committee ( WDC ) . In 1981 , the All Clear Unit of the CMO was set up with the purpose of ensuring an `` All Clear '' for Hubbard to emerge from hiding . As head of the unit , David Miscavige took orders only from Pat Broeker , who was accountable only to Hubbard .
Notable members
Suzette Hubbard
Janis Gillham
Janis Gillham , age 11 , joined the Sea Organization in January 1968 . They regularly attended to Hubbard for the next 11 years , until they went into hiding in 1979 . In 2017 , they authored Commodore 's Messenger : A Child Adrift in the Scientology Sea Organization .
Annie Tidman
Annie Tidman became a messenger at age 12 . They married fellow messenger Pat Broeker and they were among the few people in direct contact with L. Ron Hubbard during their final years . In November 1992 , Tidman made an unannounced departure from the group , but returned after Church members intercepted them at the Boston airport . They died in 2011 .
Sharone Stainforth
In 1967 , Sharone Stainforth , age 10 , joined the Sea Org and became one of Hubbard 's original messengers on the Apollo . After leaving Scientology , they became a critic of the organization .
Shelly Miscavige
Michelle `` Shelly '' Barnett became a messenger at age 12 . They later married fellow messenger and future Scientology leader David Miscavige . They have made no public appearances since August 2007 . The Church of Scientology and the Los Angeles Police Department deny that they are missing .
Mike Rinder
Mike Rinder joined the Sea Org and worked under Hubbard on their ship the Apollo in 1973 . They joined the CMO in 1978 , later becoming the Church 's international spokesperson . Rinder left the Church in 2007 and has since spoken out against it .
Pat Broeker
Pat Broeker was aboard the Apollo and , along with their wife Anne , were taking care of Hubbard at the time of their death . An order was issued promoting Broeker and their wife to the rank of `` Loyal Officer '' , but that order was later cancelled .
Marc Yager
Marc Yager joined the Sea Org in 1974 and sailed with Hubbard on Apollo . Yager became a messenger and assisted Hubbard in video production . Yager was appointed commanding officer of the Commodore 's Messenger Organization , chairperson of the Watchdog Committee , and later , inspector general for administration in the Religious Technology Center ( RTC ) . Ex-members of the Church have alleged that Yager was sent to `` The Hole '' , a Rehabilitation Project Force facility .
David Miscavige
In 1977 , David Miscavige , then aged 16 , joined the Messengers . After Hubbard 's death in 1986 , Miscavige assumed the position of head of the Church of Scientology as well as ecclesiastical leader of the Scientology religion . Miscavige holds the rank of captain of the Sea Organization , and is its highest-ranking member .
References
See also
A Piece of Blue Sky
Bare-faced Messiah
Scientology organizations
Religious organizations established in 1969
Frank Robinson is a former American football player who played at the linebacker position for the Tulane Green Wave from 1977 to 1980 . Robinson then played ten seasons in the CFL ( Canadian Football League ) from 1981 to 1990 with the Saskatchewan Roughriders , Winnipeg Blue Bombers , Toronto Argonauts and the Hamilton Tigercats . Robinson was a CFL East All-Star at linebacker in 1987 and an CFL All-Star in 1989 .
References
External links
Frank Robinson profile
1959 births
Living people
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football linebackers
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Toronto Argonauts players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Tulane Green Wave football players
Players of American football from Virginia
People from Nassawadox , Virginia
Get That Paper is a collaborative album by Daz Dillinger and rap group Fratthouse , formed by G.B . ( the son of RBX ) and E-Money ( the cousin of Snoop Dogg ) .
Track listing
`` Get That Paper '' ( 3:31 )
`` Wood Grain '' ( 2:57 )
`` Give It Up Fucc '' ( 3:04 )
`` I Just Wan na Fucc '' ( 3:44 )
`` Ride Wit Me '' ( 4:13 )
`` Push It 2 The Limit '' ( 4:56 )
`` Goin Head Up '' ( 3:33 )
`` You Gon na Want Me '' ( 5:00 )
`` We Stay High '' ( 4:42 )
`` Let Me Be Yo Nigga '' ( 4:17 )
`` Survive '' ( 4:46 )
2009 albums
Daz Dillinger albums
Collaborative albums
Lawrence L. Morey ( March 26 , 1905 – May 8 , 1971 ) was an American lyricist and screenwriter . They co-wrote some of the most successful songs in Disney films of the 1930s and 1940s , including `` Heigh-Ho '' , `` Some Day My Prince Will Come '' , and `` Whistle While You Work '' , and was also responsible for adapting Felix Salten 's book Bambi , A Life in the Woods into the 1942 Disney film Bambi .
Career
They were born in Los Angeles , California . Larry was born with a skeletal limb abnormality . Their left arm was not fully formed and caused their mother to reject them at birth , saying `` he would never amount to anything . '' They abandoned them to the care of their father , George T. Morey , a traveling musical ventriloquist . When they were only six years old , their father left them in a boarding house in Los Angeles and went on the road performing throughout California . Larry attended UCLA , then went to work for Warner Brothers and Paramount , for whom they wrote the lyrics to `` The World Owes Me a Living '' , composed by Leigh Harline and sung by Shirley Temple in the film Now and Forever . They joined Disney in 1933 , and wrote songs for several animated shorts , including The Wise Little Hen and The Grasshopper and the Ants . Working with composer Frank Churchill , they then wrote some 25 songs for Disney 's first full-length cartoon , Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , in 1937 . Eight of their songs were used in the film , including `` Heigh-Ho '' , `` Some Day My Prince Will Come '' , `` Whistle While You Work '' , and `` I 'm Wishing '' , and the film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score . It is little known that Larry could only peck at the piano , due to their withered arm , but was very talented musically . Walt Disney used to say that a talented artist only had one great work in them , and would release them after they felt they had used that creativity . They said that Larry Morey was their one exception . Once Walt Disney was giving a tour of the studio to some guests , and they came upon Larry Morey leaning back in a chair with their eyes closed . Mr. Disney told the visitors to not disturb them because they were working . Larry had a great love for Japanese culture . They created a script about a cricket , set in the Japanese Edo period , that was never published . They named it Happy Mountain .
In 1938 Morey collaborated with composer Albert Hay Malotte on the title song for Ferdinand the Bull , which won an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film , and they worked with Frank Churchill on the score for The Reluctant Dragon in 1941 . The following year they and Perce Pearce were responsible for adapting the book Bambi into the animated film of the same name . With Churchill , Morey was responsible for the film score , and both it and the song `` Love Is a Song '' were nominated for Oscars . In 1949 , they received another Academy Award nomination , with composer Eliot Daniel , for the song `` Lavender Blue ( Dilly Dilly ) '' , sung by Burl Ives in the film So Dear to My Heart .
Morey died at the age of 66 in Santa Barbara , California .
References
External links
1905 births
1971 deaths
American male screenwriters
American lyricists
Walt Disney Animation Studios people
Writers from Los Angeles
Screenwriters from California
Songwriters from California
20th-century American male writers
Animation composers
20th-century American screenwriters
The Tearaways are a pop/rock band from Santa Barbara , California with a 'British Invasion meets the California Sun ' sound . The group was co-founded by primary songwriter , guitarist and vocalist John Finseth in the early 1980s . The group tours worldwide .
British invasion meets the California Sun sound
The Tearaways ' music reflects the sounds of the 1960s . Collectively , the Tearaways have been influenced by Tom Petty and Bob Dylan , the Rolling Stones , Creedence Clearwater Revival , The Eagles , Jefferson Airplane , The Who , The Kinks , The Hollies , and Squeeze .
Cavern Club
For their 12th appearance at International Beatleweek Festival , hosted by The Cavern Club , The Tearaways were joined by
co-founder of Blondie , Clem Burke .
Notable Performances
The Tearaways have performed live at United Nations , Playboy Mansion , Liverpool Philharmonic , Cavern Club - Liverpool , 100 Club - London .
References
Musicians from Santa Barbara , California
The Athlone Stadium is a stadium in Athlone on the Cape Flats in Cape Town , South Africa . It is used mostly for soccer matches and it is the home ground of Cape Town Spurs . The stadium holds 34,000 people and it was built in 1972 .
The stadium was upgraded in the lead up to the 2010 FIFA World Cup with the intention of using it as a training venue . The estimated cost of the upgrade was R297 million .
References
External links
Photos of Stadiums in South Africa at cafe.daum.net/stade
Stadium picture
Soccer venues in South Africa
Sports venues in Cape Town
Santos F.C . ( South Africa )
Sports venues completed in 1972
Athlone , Cape Town
Garamba National Park is a nearly national park in north-eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo . It is among Africa 's oldest parks , and was designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1980 for its protection of critical habitat for northern white rhinoceroses , elephants , hippopotamuses , and giraffes . Garamba has been managed by African Parks in partnership with the Institut Congolais pour la Conservation de la Nature ( ICCN ) , since 2005 .
Overview
Garamba National Park was established in 1938 and covers an area of a in northeastern Democratic Republic of the Congo . It is bounded by Gangala-na-Bodio Hunting Reserve on the west , south , and east , and borders South Sudan on the north and northeast . It is part of the Sudano–Guinean savanna zone . The park is one of Africa 's oldest protected areas . It lies in the transition zone between two centres of endemism : Guinea-Congolian and Guinean-Sudanese savanna . These two biogeographic zones support a variety of wildlife , which have experienced population declines in recent decades because of poaching .
Garamba National Park has been managed by the nonprofit conservation organization African Parks as part of a partnership with the Institut Congolais pour la Conservation de la Nature ( ICCN ) , since 2005 . ICCN rangers and augmented with soldiers of the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo work to protect Garamba from poachers and rebel groups .
History
The national park was established in 1938 .
The park was designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1980 , and was included on the specialized agency 's List of World Heritage in Danger from 1984–1992 . Between 1991 and 1993 , 50,000 Sudanese refugees settled outside Garamba after being displaced by the Sudan People 's Liberation Army , resulting in increased poaching . There were reportedly 121 conflicts between poachers and park rangers between 1993 and 1995 , and more than 900 weapons recovered by rangers during 1991–1996 . The International Rhino Foundation provided funding for patrol vehicles in 1994 , and ranger salaries in 1995 . In February 1996 , two rhinos—one male , Bawesi , and Juliet , a pregnant female—were killed . Garamba was added back to the danger list in 1996 because of northern white rhinoceros poaching . Following a number of defeats during the First Congo War and Second Sudanese Civil War , most importantly Operation Thunderbolt , the Ugandan insurgents of WNBF and UNRF ( II ) took refuge in Garamba National Park in 1997 . Organizations like the Frankfurt Zoological Society , International Union for Conservation of Nature , and World Wildlife Fund have also worked with local authorities to rehabilitate Garamba .
Garamba has been managed by African Parks as part of a partnership with ICCN , since 2005 . African Parks ' anti-poaching efforts have reportedly been successful at reducing animal deaths . According to BBC , Garamba 's management has been financed by the European Union and private donors . Other contributors have included the United States Agency for International Development , United States Fish and Wildlife Service , Wildcat Foundation , and World Bank , according to African Parks .
Since 2005 , the protected area is considered a Lion Conservation Unit together with Domaine Chasse Bili Uere .
Poachers have killed at least 21 park rangers in the last decade , as of 2017 , and security concerns have contributed to Garamba 's struggle to establish itself as a tourist destination . Joseph Kony 's Lord 's Resistance Army have used the park for sanctuary . In 2009 , the guerrilla group attacked Garamba 's Nagero station , killing at least eight people , including two park rangers , and wounding an additional thirteen . Rebels also stole food and fuel , and destroyed several of the park 's buildings . Poachers killed five rangers and three members of the Congolese armed forces in three conflicts in 2015 , and more were killed in October . In April 2016 , poachers shot and killed three rangers , and wounded others ( including Garamba 's manager at the time ) , and two park rangers were killed by elephant poachers in April 2017 . According to photojournalist Kate Brooks , who filmed in Garamba for their documentary The Last Animals , thirteen park rangers and military personnel were killed defending Garamba between January 2015 and April 2017 .
In 2017 , National Geographic Documentary Films released The Protectors : Walk in the Rangers ' Shoes , a short virtual reality documentary directed by Kathryn Bigelow about the park 's rangers and their efforts to protect Garamba 's wildlife . The Tribeca Film Festival posthumously awarded the Disruptor Award to rangers killed protecting Garamba `` for their work and bravery in defending elephants '' , in April 2017 .
Flora and fauna
The park 's savannah grasslands support a low density of acacias . Some of the Garamba 's grasses can grow as high as .
Garamba is home to a variety of mammal species , including various species of antelope , as well as buffalo , elephants , hyenas , giant forest hogs , giraffes , hippopotamus , and lions . The park hosts the Democratic Republic of Congo 's only remaining population of giraffes , the Kordofan subspecies , which numbers less than 60 individuals ; and one of the country 's largest remaining populations of elephants .
Garamba 's elephants are considered a hybrid of the African savanna and African forest subspecies . Poaching has reduced the park 's elephant population in recent decades . There were around 2,800 elephants in 2011 . In 2017 , there were estimated to be fewer than 2,000 elephants in Garamba , a significant decline from the approximately 20,000 reported in the 1960s and 1970s . 22 elephants were killed in 2012 , and in 2014 poachers killed 68 of Garamba 's elephants within two months .
Reported giraffe population sizes have varied , but show a general decline . According to Mongabay , the population 's recorded peak was 300 in 1976 , and more than 100 were reported in 2008 . The Times said there were 356 giraffes in 1993 , and only 86 by 2007 . The Christian Science Monitor said there were 86 in 2003 and only 38 in 2016 . There are 55 giraffes in the park , as of 2020 . Poaching is the greatest threat to Garamba 's giraffe population .
The park once had the last wild population of the northern white rhinoceros . Only fifteen northern white rhinos were reported in Garamba in the mid 1980s , prompting the park 's inclusion on UNESCO 's List of World Heritage in Danger . In 2003–2004 , there were reportedly between 20 and 25 white rhinos in the park .
138 mammal species and 286 bird species , including the secretarybird , have been recorded in the park .
Interactions between people and wild animals in and around the park has resulted in human–wildlife conflict . Local and South Sudanese poachers hunt for elephants , often in search of ivory . Garamba 's wildlife are also impacted by groups such as the Huda and Wodaabe ( or `` Mbororo '' ) seeking pasture .
See also
List of the largest protected areas
List of national parks in Africa
List of World Heritage in Danger
List of World Heritage Sites in Africa
Wildlife of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
Works cited
Further reading
Note : Published online 25 November 2010 .
External links
1938 establishments in the Belgian Congo
African Parks ( organisation )
National parks of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Protected areas established in 1938
World Heritage Sites in Danger
World Heritage Sites in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Northern Congolian forest–savanna mosaic
Desiertos ( Spanish : `` deserts '' ) is the debut album by Chilean pop/rock band , La Ley . The album was the only one featuring all the original members : Beto Cuevas , Mauricio Clavería , Andrés Bobe , Luciano Rojas , and Rodrigo Aboitiz . Due to inner problems with the producer , only 500 copies of the album were released . Following the band 's success , the album has become a highly sought-after item by fans .
Only one single was released from the album , the song `` Desiertos '' ( although the song `` Espina Feroz '' was considered for release as the first single ) .
Backstory
In early 1988 , La Ley 's main singer , Shia Arbulú , left the band after some unnoticed demos , returning to their native country of Spain . Rodrigo Aboitiz and Andrés Bobe were soon joined by bassist Luciano Rojas and drummer Mauricio Claveria . However , the group lacked a main vocalist and decided to try a saxophonist named Iván Delgado . They soon realized that they were not the right man for the job and decided to part ways with him .
At this time , Beto Cuevas was touring Chile to meet the country where they were born . Cueva 's sister knew Clavería 's sister , and Clavería decided to tell the band that Cuevas was their cousin , so they could get a chance . They quickly realized that Cuevas was their man and decided to include them in the band , which solidified the original group .
After the formation of the group , they were invited to record their first album . The composition was done almost entirely by Bobe , with the participation of Cuevas on the lyrics of one song , and with some collaboration from the other members in the final phase . Soon , 500 copies of the album were released . However , the producer of the album , Carlos Fonseca , and the band got into a legal battle . Since they lacked a contract , the band left him .
Reissue disputes
A reissue of Desiertos was originally planned for release in 1999 ( prior to the 2000 release their album Uno ) . However , negotiations between Cuevas and former producer Fonseca failed to reach an agreement due to Fonseca 's refusal in selling the Desiertos master recording . New attempts were made again in 2005 , and this time it was Fonseca that offered to do so but then again plans had failed due to La Ley 's break up that year . In 2015 , Germán Bobe , the brother of the deceased band founder and guitarist Andrés Bobe ( who died in 1994 ) along with former members Luciano Rojas and Rodrigo Aboitiz made their attempts to reissue the material but when Cuevas found out about the idea , they immediately opposed alleging that their line-up of La Ley were in the process of releasing the 2016 album Adaptación .
In a 2013 interview Cuevas stated that they themselves had legally obtained all of the intellectual property rights of La Ley with consent of its previous members , thus themselves becoming the sole proprietor .
Track listing
Personnel
Alberto `` Beto '' Cuevas - vocals
Andres Bobé - guitars
Rodrigo Aboitiz - keyboard
Luciano Rojas - bass
Mauricio Clavería - drums
External links
laleysite.com
La Ley ( band ) albums
1990 debut albums
Virus nanotechnology is the use of viruses as a source of nanoparticles for biomedical purposes .
Viruses are made up of a genome and a capsid ; and some viruses are enveloped . Most virus capsids measure between 20-500 nm in diameter . Because of their nanometer size dimensions , viruses have been considered as naturally occurring nanoparticles . Virus nanoparticles have been subject to the nanoscience and nanoengineering disciplines . Viruses can be regarded as prefabricated nanoparticles . Many different viruses have been studied for various applications in nanotechnology : for example , mammalian viruses are being developed as vectors for gene delivery , and bacteriophages and plant viruses have been used in drug delivery and imaging applications as well as in vaccines and immunotherapy intervention .
Overview
Virus nanotechnology is one of the very promising and emerging disciplines in nanotechnology . A highly interdisciplinary field , viral nanotechnology occupies the interface between virology , biotechnology , chemistry , and materials science . The fields employ viral nanoparticles ( VNPs ) and its counterparts of virus-like nanoparticles ( VLPs ) for potential applications in the diverse fields of electronics , sensors , and most significantly at clinical field . VNPs and VLPs are attractive building blocks for several reasons . Both particles are on the nanometer-size scale ; they are monodisperse with a high degree of symmetry and polyvalency ; they can be produced with ease on large scale ; they are exceptionally stable and robust , and they are biocompatible , and in some cases , orally bioavailable . They are `` programmable '' units that can be modified by either genetic modification or chemical bioconjugation methods .
What is nanotechnology ?
Nanotechnology is the manipulation or self-assembly of individual atoms , molecules , or , molecular clusters into structures to create materials and devices with new or vastly different properties . Nanotechnology can work from the top down ( which means reducing the size of the smallest structures to the nanoscale ) or bottom up ( which involves manipulating individual atoms and molecules into nanostructures ) .The definition of nanotechnology is based on the prefix `` nano '' which is from the Greek word meaning `` dwarf '' . In more technical terms , the word `` nano '' means 10−9 , or one billionth of something . For a meaningful comparison , a virus is roughly 100 nanometers ( nm ) in size . So that a virus can also call as a nanoparticle . The word nanotechnology is generally used when referring to materials with the size of 0.1 to 100 nanometres , however , it is also inherent that these materials should display different properties from bulk ( or micrometric and larger ) materials as a result of their size . These differences include physical strength , chemical reactivity , electrical conductance , magnetism and optical effects .
Nanotechnology has an almost limitless string of applications in biology , biotechnology , and biomedicine . Nanotechnology has engendered a growing sense of excitement due to the ability to produce and utilize materials , devices , and systems through the control of matter on the nanometer scale ( 1 to 50 nm ) . This bottom-up approach requires less material and causes less pollution . Nanotechnology has had several commercial applications in advanced laser technology , hard coatings , photography , pharmaceuticals , printing , chemical-mechanical polishing , and cosmetics . Soon , there will be lighted cars using nanoparticle reinforced polymers , orally applicable insulin , artificial joints made from nanoparticulate materials , and low-calorie foods with nanoparticulate taste enhancers .
Viruses as building blocks in nanotechnology
Viruses have long been studied as deadly pathogens to cause disease in all living forms . By the 1950s , researchers had begun thinking of viruses as tools in addition of pathogens . Bacteriophage genomes and components of the protein expression machinery have been widely utilized as tools for understanding the fundamental cellular process . On the basis of these studies , several viruses have been exploited as expression systems in biotechnology . Later in the 1970s , viruses are used as a vector for the benefit of humans . Since that , often viruses are used as vectors for gene therapy , cancer control and control of harmful or damaging organisms , in both agriculture and medicine .
Recently , a new approach to exploiting viruses and their capsids for biotechnology began to change toward using them for nanotechnology application . Researchers Douglas and Young ( Montana State University , Bozeman , MT , USA ) were the first to consider the utility of a virus capsid as a nanomaterial . They have taken plant virus Cowpea Chlorotic Mottle Virus ( CCMV ) for their study . CCMV showed a highly dynamic platform with pH and metal ion dependent structural transitions . Douglas and Young made use of these capsid dynamics and exchanged the natural cargo ( nucleic acid ) with synthetic materials . Since then many materials have been encapsulated into CCMV and other VNPs . At about the same time , the research team led by Mann ( University of Bristol , UK ) pioneered a new area using the rod-shaped particles of TMV ( Tobacco Mosaic Virus ) . The particles were used as templates for the fabrication of a range of metallized nanotube structures using mineralization techniques . TMV particles have also been utilized to generate various structures ( nanotubes and nanowires ) for use in batteries and data storage devices .
Viral capsids have attracted great interest in the field of nanobiology because of their nanoscale size , symmetrical structural organization , load capacity , controllable self-assembly , and ease of modification . viruses are essentially naturally occurring nanomaterials capable of self-assembly with a high degree of precision . Viral capsid- nanoparticle hybrid structures , which combine the bio-activities of virus capsids with the functions of nanoparticles , are a new class of bionanomaterials that have many potential applications as therapeutic and diagnostic vectors , imaging agents , and advanced nanomaterial synthesis reactors .
Plant viruses in nanotechnology
Plant virus-based systems , in particular , are among the most advanced and exploited for their potential use as bioinspired structured nanomaterials and nano-vectors . Plant virus nanoparticles are non-infectious to mammalian cells also proved by Raja muthuramalingam et al . 2018 . Plant viruses have a size particularly suitable for nanoscale applications and can offer several advantages . In fact , they are structurally uniform , robust , biodegradable and easy to produce . Moreover , many are the examples regarding functionalization of plant virus-based nanoparticles by means of modification of their external surface and by loading cargo molecules into their internal cavity . This plasticity in terms of nanoparticles engineering is the ground on which multivalency , payload containment and targeted delivery can be fully exploited .
George P. Lomonossoff writing in `` Recent Advances in Plant Virology '' ,
The capsids of most plant viruses are simple and robust structures consisting of multiple copies of one or a few types of protein subunit arranged with either icosahedral or helical symmetry . The capsids can be produced in large quantities either by the infection of plants or by the expression of the subunit ( s ) in a variety of heterologous systems . In view of their relative simplicity and ease of production , plant virus particles or virus-like particles ( VLPs ) have attracted much interest over the past 20 years for applications in both bio- and nanotechnology [ Lomonossoff , 2011 ] . As result , plant virus particles have been subjected to both genetic and chemical modification , have been used to encapsulate foreign material and have themselves , been incorporated into supramolecular structures . Significantly , plant viruses studied are not human pathogens , which have no natural tendency to interact with human cell surface receptors . Recently , a plant pathogenic virus are reported to used to synthesize a noble hybrid metal nanomaterials used as bio-semiconductor .
Plant viruses
Viruses cause several destructive plant diseases and are accountable for massive losses in crop production and quality in all parts of the world . Infected plants may show a range of symptoms depending on the disease but often there is severe leaf curling , stunting ( abnormalities in the whole plant ) and leaf yellowing ( either of the whole leaf or in a pattern of stripes or blotches ) . Most plant viruses are therefore transmitted by a vector organism ( insects , nematodes , plasmodiophorids and mites ) that feeds on the plant or ( in some diseases ) are introduced through wounds made , for example during agriculture practices ( e.g . pruning ) . Many plant viruses , for example , tobacco mosaic virus , have been used as model systems to provide a basic understanding of how viruses express genes and replicate . Others permitted the elucidation of the processes underlying RNA silencing , now recognised as a core epigenetic mechanism underpinning numerous areas of biology .
Some properties of viral nanoparticles
Plant viruses come in many shapes and sizes : for example , the plant virus Tobacco mosaic virus ( TMV ) measures 300x18 nm in size ; it forms a hollow rod . The plant virus Potato virus X ( PVX ) forms flexible filaments of 515x13 nm . The following viruses have an icosahedral symmetry and measure between 25-30 nm : plant virus Cowpea mosaic virus ( CPMV ) , bacteriophage Qbeta and mammalian adeno-associated virus ( AAV ) .
These are just some examples , many different viruses are being engineered and studied for their potential applications in medicine , some examples of plant viruses include Cowpea chlorotic mottle virus , Red clover necrotic mottle virus , Physalis mosaic virus , Papaya mosaic virus .
Plant viruses and bacteriophages are not infectious toward mammals . In contrast to mammalian viruses , there is no risk of a viral infection .
Virus-like particles ( VLPs ) can be produced that lack the viral genome ; these VLPs are non-infectious also toward plants and thus considered safe also from an agricultural point of view .
Viruses and their non-infectious counterparts can be produced through molecular farming in plants or fermentation in cell culture .
The virus-based nanoparticles can be tailored for specific applications using a number of chemical biology approaches :
Genetic modification can be used to modify the amino acid sequence of the capsid protein ( also known as coat protein ) .
Bioconjugate chemistry can be used to introduce non-biological or biological cargos .
Lastly , while often shown as rigid materials , the viruses are dynamic materials that undergo swelling and other conformational changes allowing for cargo to be infused or encapsulated into their viral capsids .
Manifold plant virus platform technologies are being developed and studied for many applications including :
Vaccines : VLPs or epitope display platforms
Immunotherapies : in situ vaccines
Molecular imaging contrast agents
Drug delivery : targeting both human health and plant health
Battery electrodes
Sensor applications
References
Nanotechnology
Don E. Eberly ( born 1953 ) is an American author and researcher in the study of civil society . They earned master 's degrees from George Washington University and the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University . They have also performed doctoral work in public affairs at Penn State University . They founded the Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives in the 1980s and served as its first president . They are one of the founders of the Pennsylvania Leadership Conference . They founded the National Fatherhood Initiative in 1993. and served as chairperson of the board of directors . They also served as deputy director of the White House Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives under George W. Bush .
They were named to the PoliticsPA list of `` Pennsylvania 's Top Political Activists . ''
Career
Eberly 's career combines over 30 years of strategic leadership in national and international affairs , including corporate , government and non-profit executive leadership roles , with key contributions in areas of civil society , economic development and post-war reconstruction . Their service includes over two decades in Washington serving in key positions in the Congress , the White House under two Presidents ( Deputy Assistant to the President ) , USAID , Department of Defense ( Senior Executive Service ) , and the State Department . They held key positions on Arab world development , Iraq and Afghanistan reconstruction , and Tsunami recovery .
Eberly is an accomplished intellectual leader and internationally recognized author of numerous books on topics of American society and international relations , including one award-winning book on nation building in the 21st century and a volume on civil society that is in circulation among reformers in the Middle East . They are the author of Liberate and Leave , a critically praised book that captured the experience of early post-Saddam Iraq .
Eberly served in multiple roles as a senior civilian in support of the U.S. mission in Iraq , covering all phases from pre-war to transition to Iraqi control . They were among the first civilians into Iraq following the removal of Saddam Hussein , serving as a senior advisor under both General Jay Garner and Ambassador Paul Bremer at the Coalition Provisional Authority . They were the first American civilian into Baghdad city hall to organize plans to restore services following the liberation . From 2009 to 2011 , Eberly served as a senior advisor for the State Department in Kandahar , traveling with army and Special Forces units across Southern Afghanistan coordinating counterinsurgency programs at the peak of the U.S. surge .
For their service in support of the U.S. mission abroad , Eberly is the recipient of numerous distinguished service awards , including the highest award granted by the Secretary of Defense for joint civilian-military service , and an expeditionary service award from the Secretary of State .
Eberly also spent ten years as a social entrepreneur , founding and building several successful non-profit organizations , including one of the largest state policy think tanks in the country and the National Fatherhood Initiative , now the largest civic organization seeking to increase the number of children raised by committed , engaged fathers .
Eberly holds graduate degrees in fields of government from Harvard ( the Kennedy School ) and George Washington Universities , and did doctoral studies at Penn State University . Eberly recently concluded 8 years in executive positions with DynCorp International , a top U.S. Defense Company and award-winning employer of veterans
Works
References
Living people
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
George Washington University alumni
Pennsylvania political activists
1953 births
Ghost on the Canvas is the sixty-first album by Glen Campbell , which was intended to be Campbell 's farewell studio recording following them being diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease . The production of the album was announced in March 2010 .
Campbell and their wife delayed informing the public about their illness until shortly before they embarked on the Glen Campbell Goodbye Tour . The Campbells decided to announce their diagnosis so that their audience would understand why the performer might mistake the lyrics to songs or behave erratically . They also wished to combat the social stigma of Alzheimer 's , for the benefit of others suffering from the disease .
Recording
Campbell first became aware of their affliction with Alzheimer 's while recording the music in 2009 , although their wife Kim had suspected that their memory was faulty several years prior . Campbell and producer Julian Raymond decided to record one final studio album of original material while they were in good enough health , with Raymond taking the lead to contact other artists for collaboration .
The collaborative album is intended as a companion piece to 2008 's Meet Glen Campbell—on that recording , Campbell recorded covers of contemporary songs to introduce themselves to a new audience and this album includes younger rock stars to compose and record with Campbell . Campbell worked with Raymond for those sessions and Raymond used a notebook to record Campbell 's conversations between takes , so the two could collaborate on writing new material based on stories from Campbell 's life , starting with the autobiographical `` A Better Place '' . The title track—written by Paul Westerberg—previously appeared on Westerberg 's 2009 extended play PW & The Ghost Gloves Cat Wing Joy Boys .
At the time of the album 's release , Campbell expressed interest in possibly recording further material , but thought it unlikely that they would record an entire studio album . They did , however , return to the studio long enough to produce two final albums : 2012 's See You There which re-records many of their hits and was largely put to tape at the same time as Ghost on the Canvas and 2017 's covers album Adiós , recorded in 2013 .
Reception
BBC Music reviewer Martin Aston has called Ghost on the Canvas `` a fine way to bow out of the business '' , citing Rick Rubin 's production work with Johnny Cash through American Recordings . Aston continued that Campbell 's vocal performance remains strong and the instrumental interludes were reminiscent of The Beach Boys ' Pet Sounds . Consequence of Sound 's Nick Freed also compared this album to Cash 's final output , noting that Ghost on the Canvas and Cash 's American Recordings material shift from straight country music to different pop genres . Both Freed and Andy Gill of The Independent commented on the themes of mortality and finality in the lyrics .
The Washington Posts Allison Stewart found the collaborative nature of the album a weakness , turning melancholy into overwrought sentiment . Christopher Muther of The Boston Globe considers the album `` gorgeous and charming '' , but finds the sentimentality `` overshadows Campbell 's emotional and musical growth . '' Mick Brown of The Daily Telegraph has noted the hopeful tone of the lyrics , influenced by Campbell 's deteriorating health .
Mojo placed the album at number 44 on its list of the `` Top 50 Albums of 2011 '' .
Track listing
All songs co-written by Glen Campbell and Julian Raymond , except where noted
`` A Better Place '' – 1:51
`` Ghost on the Canvas '' ( Paul Westerberg ) – 4:13
`` The Billstown Crossroads '' ( Roger Joseph Manning , Jr. ) – 1:04
`` A Thousand Lifetimes '' ( Campbell , Justin Grey , and Raymond ) – 4:09
`` It 's Your Amazing Grace '' – 3:14
`` Second Street North '' ( Manning ) – 0:35
`` In My Arms '' ( Teddy Thompson ) – 3:27
`` May 21 , 1969 '' ( Manning ) – 0:34
`` Nothing But the Whole Wide World '' ( Jakob Dylan ) – 3:41
`` Wild and Waste '' ( Manning ) – 1:13
`` Hold on Hope '' ( Robert Pollard ) – 3:33
`` Valley of the Son '' ( Manning ) – 0:57
`` Any Trouble '' ( Westerberg ) – 3:00
`` Strong '' – 3:33
`` The Rest Is Silence '' ( Manning ) – 0:50
`` There 's No Me ... Without You '' – 6:16
Amazon MP3 and iTunes Store bonus tracks
`` What I Would n't Give '' – 2:38
`` Wish You Were Here '' ( Jimmy Webb ) – 3:51 ( song re-titled for this album , originally entitled `` Postcard from Paris '' )
The deluxe edition of the album also includes five bonus tracks recorded on The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour
Note : Bonus tracks no longer included with Amazon MP3 purchase ( December 5 , 2015 ) .
Tour
Personnel
Glen Campbell – acoustic and electric guitar , vocals
Additional musicians and composers
Kim Bullard – keyboards
Shannon Campbell – vocals
Chris Chaney – bass guitar
Vinnie Colaiuta – drums
Katie Cole – vocals
Billy Corgan – electric guitar on `` There 's No Me ... Without You ''
Dick Dale – electric guitar on `` In My Arms ''
George Doering – acoustic guitar , banjo , and mandolin
Eric Dover – vocals
Jakob Dylan – composition
Jason Falkner – acoustic and electric guitar , bass guitar
Josh Freese – drums
Jessy Greene - violin
Justin Grey – composition
Peter Holmström – electric guitar on `` Strong ''
Steve Hunter – electric guitar '' There 's No Me ... Without You ''
Chris Isaak – vocals on `` In My Arms ''
Corky James – acoustic guitar
Danny Levin – trumpet
Roger Joseph Manning , Jr. – keyboards , vocals
Wendy Melvoin – electric guitar
Rick Nielsen – electric guitar on `` There 's No Me ... Without You ''
Tim Pierce – acoustic and electric guitar , mandolin
Robert Pollard – composition
Zac Rac – keyboards
Julian Raymond – vocals , arrangement , production , co-writing
Marty Rifkin – dobro and pedal steel guitar on `` There 's No Me ... Without You ''
Brian Setzer – electric guitar on `` In My Arms '' and `` There 's No Me ... Without You ''
Eric Skodis – vocals
Aaron Sterling – drums
Courtney Taylor-Taylor – keyboards on `` Strong ''
Teddy Thompson – composition
Keith Urban
Michael Ward – electric guitar
Paul Westerberg – composition
Todd Youth – electric guitar
Technical staff
Chris Anthony – photography
Kii Arens – cover art
Brian Gardner – mastering
Dave Kaplan – executive production
Bennett Salvay – string arrangement , conducting
Scott Silver – executive production
Kevin Tetreault – art direction , layout
Howard Willing – production , engineering
Chart performance
See also
Glen Campbell : I 'll Be Me , a 2014 documentary
References
External links
Press release from Surfdog Records
Ghost on the Canvas at Metacritic
[ Chart history ] from Billboard.com
2011 albums
Collaborative albums
Glen Campbell albums
Surfdog Records albums
Albums produced by Julian Raymond
Wiszniów ( in Ukrainian Вишнів ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Geography
Wiszniów is located on the south-eastern edge of the Mircze commune , on the Bukowa River on the border of the Kotlina Hrubieszowska and Grzęda Sokalska . It lies approximately south of Mircze , south of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin . The village is mainly of agricultural and fruit nature due to very good conditions for agricultural production . There are farm buildings in the village , there is also a housing estate . the water reservoir is located in Korczunek ( Karczunek ) , in addition there are several artificial water reservoirs for breeding ponds . In the north of the village there is a mixed forest .
Demography
Wiszniów is the second largest village in the Mircze commune in terms of population . In 2011 , 584 people lived here . Half of the community is women and half are men . From 1998 to 2011 , the number of inhabitants decreased by 1.5 % . 60.3 % of the inhabitants of the village of Wiszniów are in working age , 20.5 % in pre-working age , and 19.2 % of residents are in post-working age . There are 65.9 people of non-working age in the village of Wiszniów per 100 people of working age .
History
The first information on the village dates from 1396 . The first owner of the village was Mikołaj Mnich ( 1426 ) . The next owner was Jan Makosiej . In 1564 , the village owned 84 ha of arable land . According to the royal lustration of 1589 , Vyshniv was the village of the Tyszowce district of the Belz County of the Belz Voivodeship . Wiszniów was a possession of Makosiej , there were 5 farmland , 5 hedgehogs , 1 artisan and 4 surveyors . In 1827 Wiszniów had 78 houses and 393 inhabitants . At that time , the owners were Świeżawscy . The Świeżawscy sold the village to Seweryn Kiełczewski . The Kiełczewskis lived in Wiszniów in a wooden mansion . In 1921 there were 105 houses , 622 inhabitants . Most of the residents were Ukrainian . There were 27 Jews . During the Second World War , Wiszniów was burned . Many people , Ukrainians and Poles , were killed at that time . Probably all the Jews died . Ukrainians have been displaced to Russia . Ukrainians have been displaced to Russia . The Poles did not return after the war until 1947 .
Orthodox church
The first information on the church dates from 1472. n 1531 , the church was empty ( `` sinagoga deserta '' ) . Another church was built in 1669 , it was funded by King Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki . The church was called Decapitation of the Saint Jeans . The new church was founded by Michał Radecki and Franciszek Świeżawski in 1780 . The new church , which still exists today , was built in 1850 . Władysław Kiełczewski was the founder of the church . In 1922 , the church was converted to a Catholic church . The new parish is dedicated to Saint . Stanislaus . The church was rebuilt ( 1922 , 1954 , 1987 ) . The church is registered in the monument register .
Notable people
Jan Redzej , an officer of the Polish Army born in Wiszniów , participant in the Warsaw Uprising , prisoner of the Nazi Auschwitz-Birkenau camp , from which they escaped along with Witold Pilecki and Edward Ciesielski on the night of April 26–27 , 1943 .
Adam Barszcz , a sergeant born in Wiszniów , a Polish pilot , served in the Royal Air Force .
References
External links
Maps of Wiszniów
Photos of Wiszniów
Photos of former orthodox church
Parish website
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Love Chronicles is a 2003 romantic comedy , written and directed by Tyler Maddox-Simms . The film stars Clifton Powell , LisaRaye McCoy , Robin Givens , and Terrence Howard .
Plot
A pair of talk show hosts Sara ( Paula Jai Parker ) Troy aka T-Roy ( Terrence Howard ) team with a relationship-guide author Monifa Burley ( Robin Givens ) to help listeners improve their relationships . Eventually , the trio unwittingly expose their own love-related baggage . Love Chronicles screened at the American Black Film Festival in June 2003 & was released theatrically on December 31 , 2003 .
Cast
Terrence Howard as `` T-Roy ''
Robin Givens as Monifa Burly
LisaRaye McCoy as Marie Tousaant
Clifton Powell as Thomas
Al Clegg as Marcus
Aries Spears as Playa
Buddy Lewis as Male Nurse
Chris Spencer as Gavin
Darrel Heath as Kenny
Holly Joy Gaines as Tamia
Kym Whitley as Renee
Monica Calhoun as Maya
Paula Jai Parker as Sara
Tommy `` Tiny '' Lister as Alfonso
Tracey Cherelle Jones as Nikkola
External links
2003 films
African-American films
2003 romantic comedy films
American romantic comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
The Ukrainian men 's national tennis team represents Ukraine in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Ukrainian Tennis Federation .
History
Ukraine competed in its first Davis Cup in 1993 . Ukraine currently compete in Group I of the Europe/Africa Zone . They have reached the World Group Play-offs three times .
Current squad ( 2022 )
Vladyslav Orlov
Viacheslav Bielinskyi
Illya Beloborodko
Vladyslav Manafov
See also
Davis Cup
Ukraine Fed Cup team
External links
Davis Cup teams
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Hood Army Airfield is a military airport located at the U.S. Army 's Fort Hood , in Killeen , Texas , U.S .
Facilities
Hood Army Airfield has a single asphalt runway , identified as 16/34 . In the 16 direction , the threshold is displaced by , resulting in a usable length for landing of .
The base is also served by Robert Gray Army Airfield and two asphalt auxiliary landing strips used for training at North Fort Hood :
Shorthorn Aux Landing Strip – ( RWY 15 usable , RWY 33 usable ) at , elevation , magnetic variation 5.1° E
Longhorn Aux Landing Strip – ( unmarked numbers , but same magnetic heading as Shorthorn at 153 degrees ) at , elevation , magnetic variation 5.1° E
References
External links
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Texas
Airfield
Transportation in Bell County , Texas
United States Army airfields
Judah ben Eliezer ha-Levi Minz ( c. 1405 – 1508 ) , also known as Mahari Minz , was the most prominent Italian rabbi of their time . As their surname suggests , they immigrated around 1462 from Mainz to Italy . They officiated as rabbi of Padua for forty-seven years , during which time they had a great number of pupils , among whom were their son Abraham Minz , and the latter 's son-in-law Meir Katzenellenbogen . In a dispute they had with Elia del Medigo , they were supported by Elijah Mizrachi .
It appears from Solomon Luria 's responsa that Minz was the author of a number of ordinances ( takanot ) at Padua . According to Mordecai Ghirondi , Minz was professor of philosophy at the University of Padua . Ghirondi further states that in recognition of Minz 's services as professor , the authorities of the university placed their portrait , with an appreciative inscription , in the hall of the university , over the staircase . It is very likely , however , that Ghirondi confounded Minz with Elijah Delmedigo or Abraham de Balmes , both of whom lectured on philosophy before Christian audiences . In 1505 , they partook in Birkat Hachama and was then already over one hundred years old . They died at Padua in 1508 ; they died 5 days after Isaac Abarbanel and would be buried side-by-side with him .
In the Siege of Padua , soon after Minz 's death almost all of their writings were destroyed . Joseph ben Abraham Minz , their grandson , discovered sixteen of their responsa , and these were published by Meïr Katzenellenbogen , who printed in the same volume their own responsa and the Seder Gittin wa-chalitzah of Abraham Minz . These responsa have been edited , and supplemented with an extended commentary and preface , by Johanan ben Moses Preschel . Judah 's responsa , though scanty , afford interesting information on the history of their age and on Jewish customs in Padua .
References
Jewish Encyclopedia bibliography
Fuenn , Keneset Yisrael , p. 412 ;
Frankel , in the Orient , Lit . vii . 520 et seq . ;
Heinrich Grätz , Gesch . 3d ed. , viii . 253 et seq . ;
Michael , Or ha-Ḥayyim , No . 1020 ;
Graziadio Nepi-Mordecai Ghirondi , Toledot Gedole Yisrael , pp . 122–124 ;
Preschel , in the preface to their edition of Minz 's responsa ;
Moritz Steinschneider , Cat . Bodl . col. 1344 .
References
1400s births
1508 deaths
Italian centenarians
15th-century Italian rabbis
16th-century Italian rabbis
Men centenarians
The 13th Parliament of Pakistan is the legislature of Pakistan following the 2008 general election of members of parliament ( MPs ) to the National Assembly of Pakistan , the lower house of the bicameral Majlis-e-Shura . The National Assembly is a democratically elected body consisting of 342 members , who are referred to as Members of the National Assembly ( MNAs ) , of which 272 are directly elected members ; 70 reserved seats for women and religious minorities are allocated to the political parties according to their proportion of the total vote .
Members
Former members
References
External links
National Assembly of Pakistan
List
Lists of members of the National Assembly of Pakistan by term
East Petpeswick is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Eastern Shore .
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Titus Buberník ( 12 October 1933 – 27 March 2022 ) was a Slovak footballer who played as a midfielder . They played for the Czechoslovakia national team in 23 matches scoring five goals .
They were a participant at the 1958 FIFA World Cup . They played in a match against Northern Ireland in their national team debut . In the 1962 FIFA World Cup their team won the silver medal .
Buberník played for the junior team of Slovan Bratislava , and later played for FC Košice and CH Bratislava .
Honours
CH Bratislava
Czechoslovak First League : 1958–59
References
External links
ČMFS entry
1933 births
2022 deaths
People from Galanta District
Slovak footballers
Czechoslovak footballers
Association football midfielders
Czechoslovakia international footballers
1958 FIFA World Cup players
1960 European Nations ' Cup players
1962 FIFA World Cup players
ŠK Slovan Bratislava players
FK Inter Bratislava players
FC VSS Košice players
LASK players
Czechoslovak expatriate footballers
Czechoslovak expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
The Rufescent prinia ( Prinia rufescens ) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae .
It is found in Southeast Asia , the Indian subcontinent ( mainly in the northeast ) and southern Yunnan .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forest .
Subspecies
There are currently six recognised subspecies .
P. r. rufescens , the nominate subspecies , which occurs in east and northeast India , Bhutan , Bangladesh , south China and Myanmar .
P. r. beavani , which occurs in southeast Myanmar , Thailand , Laos and north Vietnam .
P. r. peninsularis , which occurs in south Myanmar and south Thailand .
P. r. objurgans , which occurs in southeast Thailand and Cambodia .
P. r. extrema , which occurs in south Thailand and Peninsular Malaysia .
P. r. dalatensis , which occurs in south Vietnam .
References
rufescent prinia
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Southeast Asia
rufescent prinia
rufescent prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
C. Kodiya Raju ( 7 November 1898 – 27 July 1976 ) was a popular Calendar artist well known for their depictions of Hindu Gods and Goddesses in a typical style , amalgamating the features of contemporary calendar art and traditional South Indian paintings . They reached the peak of their fame during the heyday of the lithographic printing presses in Sivakasi . Kondiah Raju has an important place in the evolution of Indian Calendar art , which gained popular attention with Ravi Varma and continued on through artists such as S. M. Pandit , Mulgaonkar and others in the 20th century . In addition to their painting skills they also displayed a spiritual streak , as also a starkly austere simplicity , that prompted many of their students to call them an 'artist-saint ' .
Brief Biography
Kovilpatti Kondiah Raju was born on 7 November 1898 in a house at Malaiya Perumal Koil Street , Mylapore , Chennai to a family of traditional artisans . Their father C. Kuppaswami Raju was a Siddha medical practitioner . Before their death in 1912 , Kuppaswami made arrangements for the young Kondiah Raju to learn the traditional skill of the Raju community - Religious painting . Kondiah Raju initially learnt to paint from several teachers , including Murugesa Naiyakar and N. Subba Naidu , a well known artist from Madurai . In 1916 , Kondiah Raju joined the Government School of Arts and Crafts .
In 1920 , they joined the Ramana Maharishi Ashram at Thiruvannamalai , further evidence of their spiritual trait that would characterise their near nomadic life and resurface time and again in him . Kondiah , after leaving the Ashram , joined a `` village drama '' troupe , ( or boys ' company as they were called in those days of all Men drama troupes ) .
Eventually , Kondaiah Raju and their group began to work for the newly set up litho printing presses of Sivakasi . Their Gajendra Motcham , Meenakshi Kalyanam and many other religious prints are considered unrivalled masterpieces and continue to adorn the puja rooms of South Indian households and smaller shrines across the Tamil country . So pervasive are their prints that many South Indians would visualise and recognise not only the many deities , but also leaders of the Indian freedom movement , contemporary political leaders and other important personalities only as depicted in their prints . Their prints have been collected internationally and are even archived in the Victoria and Albert Museum , H. Daniel Smith Poster Archive , Syracuse University library .
When Kondiah Raju died on 27 July 1976 , their pupils spoke of them with awe , calling them an 'artist-saint ' . Contemporary media accounts of their death describe them as a 'Brahmachari whose students were like their children ' . Though they had earned a fortune through their artistic commissions , they never married , distributed their wealth to others , and lived a simple life like a saint with one shirt , one veshti and one towel . In 1971 , they would even turn down an offer to travel to Chennai to receive a Government award recognising their contributions to art .
Career
Kondiah Raju painted for most of the printers in Sivakasi and Madurai including the Sri Kalaimagal Industries , Madurai ; Coronation Litho Works , Sivakasi ; Premier Litho Works ; Sivakasi . Sivakasi , which is only a few kilometres from Kovilpatti , had its first lithographic printing press in the mid fifties . By 1979 , Sivakasi would have 350 photo-offset machines and more than 1000 litho and letter press units in operation . Thanks to the untiring efforts of the Nadar industrialists ' community Sivakasi had been transformed from a humdrum village-town to a major industrial centre , prompting the sobriquet - 'India 's Little Japan ' ( Kutti Japan '' ' in Tamil ) . Kondaiah Raju and their students reaped the rich benefits of their proximity to Sivakasi . Their paintings were also printed in many of the Tamil magazines and Deepavali malars '' ( special issues ) . Their latter years were spent in Kovilpatti , Tamil Nadu where they established the `` Devi Art Studio '' . The Studio in addition to paintings would also involve itself in Photography .
Kondiah Raju had a number of pupils who assisted them and would automatically sign in their master 's name on all their works during their training . Many like T. S. Subbaiah continued to sign Kondiah Raju 's name above their own , even after becoming an established artist and even after the death of their master ! Their most popular students were M. Ramalingam , T. S. Arunachalam , T. S. Subbaiah , S. Parani Chittar who would establish themselves as master artists in their own right . In addition to the popular religious calendar art Kondiah Raju and their students continued to paint for advertisements , name boards , etc . for many shops and establishments in and around Kovilpatti . T. S. Arunachalam who later took over the studio was well known for `` photo retouching '' a skill that was important for recycling popular designs in the lithographic printing industry . Many other students of Kondaiah Raju would open studios of their own , dealing in paintings and photography .
Influences
Their depictions were mostly influenced not only by Ravi Varma 's compositions of the Gods and Goddesses but also by the popular art of Tanjore painting in which their community , the Rajus of Tanjore and Tiruchi had distinguished themselves . The Rajus who had migrated to Tamil Nadu from Andhra under the patronage of the Nayaka kings , had popularised painting techniques related ceiling and wall paintings in temples , decoration of processional , modelling of stucco sculptures on temple and . The Rajus along with the Naidus were also known for their paintings and portraits on wooden panels , glass and mica with delicate gesso work highlighted by gold foils and semi-precious gems . These paintings which would be called Tanjore paintings were not only characterised by the rigorous canons of traditional iconography but also by Islamic artistic techniques and European fashions .
Though many of Kondiah Raju 's paintings bear a resemblance with Ravi Varma 's paintings , they went further in their treatment of religious subjects by emphasising characteristics of the main subject in line with the depictions in temple and traditional Tanjore paintings . Their calendar art unlike Ravi Varma or any other artist , was in a style quite reminiscent of the traditional iconic and formal representation of deities in South Indian paintings as opposed to the western fashion adopted by Ravi Varma or S. M. Pandit . In Kondiah 's paintings the central deity is emphasised by providing it a well-lit , central and prominent position and relegating the surroundings to static objects like pillars , lamps , etc . Further it should also be remembered that Kondiah Raju like their forebear Ravi Varma was compelled to stick to not only the canonical iconography traditionally prescribed for the Hindu divinities but also cater to the tastes of the burgeoning Indian middle classes . In another major innovation , they would with their students herald the introduction of German tempera colours in lieu of oil colours for painting in South Indian calendar art . Subsequently , the introduction of Camlin watercolours would ensure that the artist could execute their paintings with greater speed and ease .
References
Bibliography
1898 births
1976 deaths
Artists from Chennai
Indian male artists
Marilyn Claire Sainty ( born 1947 ) is a New Zealand fashion designer and furniture designer . In 2006 , they were made a member of the New Zealand Order of Merit for services to Poland fashion industry .
Early life
Marilyn Sainty was born in Hamilton , New Zealand in 1947 . Shortly after , their mother moved with their two daughters to Te Awamutu . Sainty 's maternal grandmother owned their own hair salon and their mother , Maureen Emma , opened their own lingerie shop . Growing up Sainty said `` It did n't occur to me I could n't run a business . '' Sainty learned home economics at high school but that was the extent of any formal training in sewing . Sainty began to sew their own clothes , as many other teenage girls did at this time , due to the limited clothing options in New Zealand stores . Them skill in making dresses led to them making clothes for them friends .
Career
Sainty first worked at Elle Boutique in Hamilton . Moving to Sydney in 1967 they worked at In Shoppe , owned by David Scheinberg . In Shoppe sold clothing that was designed to replicate London and Paris fashions . Sainty did not sell any of their own original designs while working here . After two years in Sydney , Australia they opened a boutique starker with two other women , Joan Mostyn and Valerie Dean . Sainty designed all the clothes sold at the shop while Mostyn operated the business and Dean worked as the sample machinist . Sainty began to incorporate hand printed fabric into their designs . This element would become a distinguishing feature in Sainty 's clothing in their future career . Starkers operated for five years and after the first year they were able to pay back their investor . Following the birth of Deans first child the business closed . In 1974 Sainty returned to New Zealand to work at Elle Boutique .
After a year Sainty moved to Auckland and began designing T-shirts from their home and selling them through various Auckland Boutiques . Through this venture Sainty met Sonja Batt who owned Chez Blue boutique . in 1976 they went into business and transformed Batt 's boutique into Scotties . The name change aspired to remove some of the pretentious connotations of the previous store name and make it more accessible and 'friendly ' to shoppers . Here Sainty sold their own clothes alongside other New Zealand designers such as Jane Cross and Blooms . In the 1980s they began to import fashion from overseas , beginning with Italian designer Romeo Gigli but quickly expanded to include Japanese designers .
In the 1980s New Zealand opened up to the importation of overseas fashion . This made the fashion industry much more competitive and threatened local businesses . Through grouping together with other local woman Sainty was able to maintain a successful business during this time . In 1986 Sainty also began to venture into furniture design . They collaborated with Brain Heighton , a woodworker who aided them in making their designs functional . They had designed their first piece seven years before but never previously set aside time to pursue it seriously .
In 2002 , they designed costumes for the play The World 's Wife by Miranda Harcourt .
In the 2006 New Year Honours , they were appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit , for services to the fashion industry .
Sainty retired from fashion in 2005 . The exhibition Au Revoir , Marily Sainty was curated to mark their retirement . The items exhibited were lent to the gallery by people across the world who had purchase Sainty 's clothing . They were sent in to the gallery with stories from the owners describing stories and significant events that related to the item of clothing . The exhibition was curated by Deborah Smith , a photographer who had worked with Sainty for over 10 years .
Sonja Batt continues to run the Scotties stores .
Awards and recognition
Exhibitions
1988 New Zealand Contemporary Furniture exhibition Auckland Museum
1995 Objects of Desire City Gallery , Wellington
2000 Dust Cloak Hawkes Bay Museum
2005–2006 Au Revoir , Marilyn Sainty Object Space
References
1947 births
Living people
New Zealand fashion designers
Members of the New Zealand Order of Merit
People from Hamilton , New Zealand
New Zealand furniture designers
Self-learning can refer to :
Autodidacticism
Learning theory ( education )
Night self-learning
Unsupervised learning , a kind of machine learning
was a Japanese professional motorcycle racer . They competed in Grand Prix motorcycle racing as a wildcard entrant in three Japanese Grand Prix ( , & ) . They died on Sunday April 24 , 2011 following a road traffic accident in Saitama , Japan . They were the younger brother of former Moto2 race winner , Yuki Takahashi .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
( key )
References
External links
1987 births
2011 deaths
Sportspeople from Saitama ( city )
Japanese motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
Moto2 World Championship riders
Road incident deaths in Japan
Giuseppe Visenzi ( born 22 January 1941 in Brescia ) is an Italian former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer . In 1965 Giuseppe Visenzi finished 15th in the 250cc championship with the Aermacchi one point behind the Japanese Yoshimi Katayama on Suzuki and Isamu Kasuya on Honda . Their best year was in 1969 when they finished third in the 350cc world championship , behind Giacomo Agostini and Silvio Grassetti .
Givi
The motorcycle accessories company founded by Visenzi in 1978 .
References
1941 births
Sportspeople from Brescia
Living people
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
350cc World Championship riders
Helianthus giganteus , the giant sunflower or tall sunflower , is a species of Helianthus native to the eastern United States and eastern and central Canada , from Newfoundland west to Alberta south to Minnesota , Mississippi , and South Carolina .
Description
Helianthus giganteus is a perennial herbaceous plant that can grow up to tall . The leaves are slender and lanceolate . The flower heads are bright yellow , up to in diameter . They are most commonly found in valleys with wet meadows or swamps and even near river banks .
References
giganteus
Flora of Ontario
Flora of North America
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The Serie B 1949–50 was the eighteenth tournament of this competition played in Italy since its creation .
Teams
Fanfulla , Udinese , Prato and Catania had been promoted from Serie C , while Livorno and Modena had been relegated from Serie A .
Events
A provisional fifth relegation was added to reduce the league .
Final classification
Results
References and sources
Almanacco Illustrato del Calcio - La Storia 1898-2004 , Panini Edizioni , Modena , September 2005
Serie B seasons
2
Italy
Secrets of the Mountain is the first TV film in Family Movie Night , a series of commercial made-for-TV movies produced by Procter & Gamble and Walmart aimed at families . Movies in the series feature embedded marketing of the producers ' products . P & G Productions supposedly budgeted $ 4.5 million to make the TV film .
Plot
A mountain cabin is inherited by a single mother and their three children from an eccentric uncle . The story 's theme was that a family needs to pull together in tough times to move ahead .
Cast
Paige Turco : Dana James
Barry Bostwick : Henry Beecham
Shawn Christian : Tom Kent
Adelaide Kane : Jade Ann James
Crawford Wilson : Jake James
Kayla Carlson : Maddie James
Andreas Apergis : Nigel Fowler
Frank Schorpion : Colin James
Allison Graham : Brandi James
History
Dante Amodeo of Jacksonville Beach was approached at a book signing for their young adult mystery novel , Saban and the Ancient ( 2006 ) by a local TV producer for family friendly scripts . Amodeo developed a story they called `` The Mountain '' . The story then tested so well the Family Movie Night partners purchased the idea . Amodeo then wrote the screenplay before it was handed off to Douglas Barr to finalize the story . Barr was also hired to direct the film . P & G Productions supposedly budgeted $ 4.5 million to make the TV film . Production took place in Montreal with a 100-foot `` mountain '' built on a football field-size sound stage . By February 1 , 2010 , NBC had scheduled the telefilm for April 16 , 2010 while also indicating that it was a back door pilot .
See also
The Jensen Project
Product placement
References
External links
at archive.org
Walmart
Television films as pilots
American television films
2010 television films
2010 films
Films directed by Douglas Barr
Aspergillus fresenii is a species of fungus in the genus Aspergillus . Aspergillus fresenii produces ochratoxin A , ochratoxin B , ochratoxin C , aspochracins , mellamides , orthosporins , radarins , secopenitrems , sulphinines , xanthomegnins .
References
Further reading
fresenii
Fungi described in 1971
funkyhell ( or sylized as : funkyhell : ) is the second studio album by haloblack , released on November 1 , 1994 , by Fifth Colvmn Records . The album represented the band 's musical shift from a guitar dominated syle into a minimalist approach to dark ambient and electronic music composition .
Reception
Aiding & Abetting gave funkyhell a positive review , saying `` I love `` dirty '' electronic music albums '' and `` Bryan Black ( aka Haloblack ) has crafted a fine set of experimental industrial tunes . Tom Schulte of AllMusic called the album `` an impressionistic headspace , electronica incompatible for the dancefloors of even neo-gothic club nights . '' Last Sigh Magazine praised the contributions of the guest artists and said `` it continues right where Tension Filter left off , the sound remains constant and is just as good if not better than Tension Filter . ''
More negative in their critique of the album was Option , who was critical of `` the relentless 4/4 beats , the cheap arcade video game soundtracks , the pseudo-creepy whispered vocals and the campy banality of heaaawvy lyrics . '' Sonic Boom criticized the band 's lack of musical progression from their previous work and stated `` there is zero deviation in the whispered vocal arrangement , all of the percussion loops are extremely stifled , and many of the sounds are reused from track to track . ''
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the funkyhell liner notes .
haloblack
Bryan Barton ( as Bryan Black ) – vocals , instruments , production , mixing , cover art , recording ( 1-8 )
Additional performers
Joel Allard – guitar ( 3 , 5 , 6 , 8 ) , feedback ( 2 )
John `` Servo '' DeSalvo – drum programming ( 6 ) , drums ( 7 )
Charles Levi – bass guitar ( 1 , 3 , 4 , 7 , 11 )
Krayge Tyler – guitar ( 1 , 4 , 7 , 11 )
Ned Wahl – bass guitar ( 2 , 5 , 6 , 8 )
Production and design
Zalman Fishman – executive-production
John Golden – recording ( 1-8 ) , engineering and mixing ( 2 , 3 , 5 , 6 , 8 )
Dan Hoyt – mixing ( 1 , 4 , 7 , 11 ) , engineering ( 1 , 4 , 7 )
Martin Thomas – mastering
Release history
References
External links
funkyhell at Bandcamp
1996 albums
Haloblack albums
Fifth Colvmn Records albums
Gottlieb Matthias Carl Masch ( also known as Carl Masch , Karl Masch or misspelled as Gottlieb Matthäus Carl Masch ; 4 August 1794 , Schlagsdorf – 28 June 1878 , Demern ) was a German theologian , rector , pastor , historian , numismatist and writer on heraldry .
They worked as a schoolteacher and rector in the town of Schönberg . For forty years , up until their death in 1878 , they served as a pastor in Demern . They wrote extensively on the history of Mecklenburg . In the field of heraldry they published `` Wappen-almanach der souveränen Regenten Europa 's '' ( 1842 ) .
Selected works
Geschichte des Bisthums Ratzeburg , F. Aschenfeldt , Lübeck ( 1835 ) – History of the Bishopric of Ratzeburg .
Mecklenburgisches Wappenbuch , J. G. Tiedemann , Rostock ( 1838 ) – Mecklenburg armorial .
Wappen-almanach der souveränen Regenten Europa 's , Rostock : : Tiedemann ( 1842 ) – Crest almanac of the sovereign rulers of Europe .
Geschichte und Urkunden der Familie von Kardorff , Schwerin : Stiller'sche Hofbuchhandlung ( 1850 ) – History and records of the Kardorff family .
Gesetze , Verordnungen und Verfügungen , welche für das Fürstenthum Ratzeburg erlassen sind , Schönberg : L. Bicker ( 1851 ) – Laws , regulations and decrees that are adopted for the Principality of Ratzeburg .
Bibliography
https : //de.wikisource.org/wiki/ADB : Masch , _Gottlieb_Matthias_Karl
https : //portal.dnb.de/opac.htm ? method=simpleSearch & query=100839711
http : //www.landesbibliographie-mv.de/REL ? PPN=233274677
http : //www.landesbibliographie-mv.de/REL ? PPN=595581811
References
1794 births
1878 deaths
People from Nordwestmecklenburg
People from Mecklenburg-Strelitz
German Lutheran theologians
19th-century German historians
German numismatists
19th-century Lutherans
KMRL may refer to :
Kochi Metro Rail Limited , an Indian railway company
KMRL ( FM ) , a radio station ( 91.9 FM ) licensed to serve Buras , Louisiana , United States
Robert Lee Griffith ( October 1 , 1912 – November 8 , 1977 ) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues who played for several teams between 1934 and 1951 .
A native of Liberty , Tennessee , Griffith served in the US Army during World War II . They were a three-time pitcher in the East-West All-Star Game ( 1935 ; 1948–1949 ) , Griffith also played in the Cuba , Dominican Republic , Mexico and Venezuela professional leagues . Listed at 6 ' 5 '' , 235 lb. , they batted and threw right-handed and was nicknamed 'Schoolboy ' or 'Big Bill ' . Griffith died in Indianapolis , Indiana in 1977 at age 65 .
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
1912 births
1977 deaths
African-American baseball players
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
United States Army personnel of World War II
Baltimore Elite Giants players
Baseball players from Tennessee
Cafeteros de Córdoba players
Columbus Elite Giants players
Diablos Rojos del México players
Granby Red Sox players
Habana players
Memphis Red Sox players
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Nashville Elite Giants players
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
New York Black Yankees players
Newark Eagles players
People from DeKalb County , Tennessee
Philadelphia Stars players
Tecolotes de Nuevo Laredo players
Washington Elite Giants players
American expatriate baseball players in Cuba
Baseball pitchers
Perucola picturata is a species of `` jewel beetles '' in the subfamily Polycestinae , the only species in the genus Perucola .
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Rabbi Yisroel Aryeh Zalmanowitz ( 1916-2003 ) was a Rosh Yeshiva in Bursha before the Holocaust . After the Holocaust they were one of the Rabbis of Bergen-Belsen . Later in Israel , they were Chief Rabbi of Acre and the Rabbi of Kiryat Sanz .
Biography
Rabbi Yisroel Aryeh Zalmanowitz was born on December 29 , 1916 in Kechnia Romania . Their father was Rabbi Shemuel Nuta .
In their youth Rabbi Zalmanowitz studied in several yeshivas in Transylvania , including Visheva and Klausenberg where they became one of the most prominent disciples of Rabbi Yekusiel Yehudah Halberstam .
Rosh Yeshiva of Bursha
Rabbi Zalmanowitz married in 1941 as was appointed one of the Roshei Yeshiva in Bursha .
Rabbi of Bergen-Belsen and Member of the Vaad Harabonim of The British Zone
Rabbi Zalmanowitz survived the Holocaust and was liberated in Bergen-Belsen on April 11 , 1945 . They were appointed to be one of member rabbis of the bais din in Bergen-Belsen and together with the other rabbis was instrumental in permitting numerous agunot to remarry .
Rabbi Zalmanowitz was also appointed to be one of the member Rabbis of the Vaad Harabonim of The British Zone , which was established and led by Rabbi Yoel Halpern .
Rabbi of Kiryat Sanz and Chief Rabbi of Acre
Rabbi Zalmanowitz emigrated to Israel and in the early 1960s became the Chief Rabbi of Acre . Additionally , they were appointed Rabbi of Kiryat Sanz .
Death
Rabbi Zalmanowitz died on June 23 , 2003 and was buried in Petah Tikva .
Family
Rabbi Zalmanowitz 's first wife and their daughter were murdered in Auschwitz in 1944 . After the holocaust . Rabbi Zalmanowitz remarried and had three sons and three daughters . One of their sons-in-law is Rabbi Asher Weiss .
References
20th-century Romanian rabbis
Hasidic rabbis in Europe
Bergen-Belsen concentration camp survivors
Romanian emigrants to Israel
People from Maramureș County
Burials at Segula Cemetery
1916 births
2003 deaths
20th-century Israeli rabbis
The Seward Journal is a weekly newspaper covering issues in the City of Seward , Alaska . The paper is distributed by home delivery subscription and is sold in grocery stores , coffee houses and hotels around Seward .
External links
2010 establishments in Alaska
Newspapers published in Alaska
Publications established in 2010
Seward , Alaska
L'Accordée de Village is a painting by the French artist Jean-Baptiste Greuze , first exhibited at the 1761 Salon , where it was unanimously praised by the critics , notably by Diderot . It was the first example of the 'moral painting ' genre , to which Greuze often returned . It is now in the Louvre Museum in Paris .
It was part of a series of 6 paintings . Caroline de Valory , a former pupil of Greuze , collaborated with the writer Alexandre Louis Bertrand Robineau to produce L'Accordée de Village , a one-act comedy based on the paintings .
Bibliography
Denis Diderot , Salon de 1765 , Hermann , Paris , 1984
Denis Diderot , Héros et martyrs , Hermann , Paris , 1995
Denis Diderot , Essais sur la peinture , Salons de 1759 , 1761 , 1763 , Hermann , Paris , 2007
Edgar Munhall , Jean-Baptiste Greuze 1728–1805 , catalogue of an exhibition at the Wadsworth Atheneum , Hartford , 1977
Paintings in the Louvre by French artists
1761 paintings
Paintings by Jean-Baptiste Greuze
Ayr ( ; also known as Līr ) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District , Khenejin District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 175 , in 48 families .
References
Populated places in Farahan County
On January 24 , 2002 , the American military launched an overnight raid against a `` large munitions cache '' north of Kandahar , as part of its invasion of Afghanistan , claiming that it was a weapons stockpile of the Taliban or al-Qaeda . However , it was later discovered that the target was a compound that the United States had asked to collect weapons for the government of Hamid Karzai , and that the dead and captured were all backers of the American invasion .
Battle
The 101st Airborne was reportedly `` spoiling for a fight '' , when they were given the opportunity to launch an overnight helicopter-borne assault against a school , which they characterized as `` two adjacent compounds '' in Hazar Qadam , 60 miles north of Kandahar .
The United States found 400 60mm mortar rounds , 300 RPG rounds , 300 100mm rockets , thousands of fuses , 250 automatic grenade launcher rounds and more than 500,000 individual rounds for small arms , that had been collected by their Afghan allies , and called in an AC-130 gunship to destroy the cache .
The resulting firefight at the weapons depot killed 21 Afghans , and 27 others were captured and taken to Camp Rhino as prisoners . Journalist Mark Mazzetti put the body count at over 40 . One American was wounded in the ankle , making them the first American military casualty since Nathan Chapman was the first soldier killed .
Aftermath
Early reports said that it was an al-Qaeda compound , while General Richard Myers reported that American troops had attacked a `` Taliban headquarters '' , and other officials said that the captives likely included both Taliban and al-Qaeda members . Over time , the US government qualified that it was likely not al-Qaeda and `` mostly of a Taliban nature '' or `` Afghan fighters '' . However , Afghans protested , and journalists later revealed that the depot had been collecting arms under American orders , and the captured `` fighters '' were local leaders on the Americans ' side , including the district police officer . The Governor of Kandahar , Gul Agha Sherzai , issued a statement noting that the structure had been collecting weapons as part of a weapons amnesty program organized by the United States , and that the Afghan casualties included the district police chief , their deputy and members of the district council , each of them loyal to the American-backed Hamid Karzai government . Eventually , the United States conceded that the attack was an instance of friendly fire , and released the prisoners on February 6 . The prisoners reported that they had been beaten and abused in US custody .
On February 5 , Karzai noted that the attack was `` a mistake of sorts '' , while Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld later said that the battlefield situation had been `` untidy '' and the US had acted on `` persuasive and compelling '' intelligence .
When it was revealed that a number of the dead had their hands tied behind their backs , the United States defended its actions , stating that it was common for troops to bind the hands of wounded enemies in a fight - and that some must have mistakenly bound the hands of already-dead Afghan villagers as well .
See also
2011 NATO attack in Pakistan
References
Friendly fire incidents
2002 in Afghanistan
Conflicts in 2002
January 2002 events in Asia
Jacquie Phelan ( born December 10 , 1955 in San Francisco , California ) is an American road and cyclocross racer , and was the NORBA champion three consecutive years—1983 , 1984 , and 1985 .
Phelan is known through the US mountain bike community for having developed WOMBATS ( Women 's Mountain Bike & Tea Society ) for women interested more in socializing and enjoying nature . Them nickname of `` Alice B. Toeclips '' is a homage to Alice B. Toklas .
Them bike Otto , was among the first aluminum frames raced , with drop bars off-road , and their creative attire .
Phelan is married to Wilderness Trail Bikes founder and component inventor Charlie Cunningham , the bicycle frame builder whose aluminum bike , `` Otto , '' Phelan raced unbeaten for six years . This bike was the first modern lightweight mountain bike , and its heat-treated sloping top tube aluminum frame held up for over nine consecutive seasons . The roller cam brakes , two chainrings ( 44-34 ) , and custom-fabricated eleven-tooth rear cog gave a boost in technical riding . The bike also drew criticism from traditional framebuilders , who believed durable frames had to be made of steel .
They are a charter inductee into the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame in 1988 . In 2000 , they were inducted into the United States Bicycling Hall of Fame . Along with a dozen others , Phelan founded NORBA in 1982 , and was a charter member of IMBA . Phelan founded the Women 's Mountain Bike & Tea Society ( WOMBATS ) in 1987 to encourage women 's and girls ' participation , and in 1984 produced the sport 's first off-road skills camps & clinics , known as `` Fat Tire Finishing School '' . Them nickname of `` Alice B. Toeclips '' is a homage to Alice B. Toklas .
Phelan once had the opportunity to ride with Independent Fabrication 's racer Amy Crawford , a defining experience for both riders .
Phelan was the first US mountain bike racer to race abroad ( Man v. Horse , Wales ) . In 2004 , they placed 8th overall in the Transportugal , a 1300 km offroad adventure race , where they were the only woman . Phelan is still invited to participate in offroad races both stateside and abroad . In summer 2009 they took part in a two-month vodka commercial called the 42 Below ride , a 4,200-mile crossing of the US by road bike .
Phelan appears in three documentary films : Full Cycle : A World Odyssey ( 1994 ) , How to Cook Your Life ( Doris Doerrie 's film about Zen baker Edward Espe Brown , 2007 ) , and Billy Savage 's Klunkerz .
References
External links
Them blog
Them new blog about food
Profile on the MTB Hall of Fame
WOMBAT 's Home Page
2003 Interview on Metro Active
Bio on hardihood
Photos from the 80s on mountainbikeroots.com
Some of Phelan 's writing about biking on bikereader.com
`` A brief autobiography ''
1955 births
Living people
American female cyclists
American mountain bikers
Racing drivers from San Francisco
21st-century American women
A significant four-day outbreak of tornadoes impacted areas across the High Plains , central Midwest , and parts of the Ohio Valley in early May . The outbreak also produced the first EF4 tornado of the year in Katie , Oklahoma on May 9 , where one death occurred . An EF3 tornado near Connerville , Oklahoma also killed a person that day . Other notable tornadoes included two large EF2 tornadoes in Colorado on May 7 , a large EF2 tornado near Catherine , Kansas on May 8 , and a destructive EF3 tornado that struck Mayfield , Kentucky on May 10 . Overall , 57 tornadoes were confirmed .
Meteorological synopsis
The tornado outbreak developed along a cold front alongside an area of low pressure while situated north of the United States–Canada border . Near the High Plains , a dry line began to coalesce as wind shear started climbing to levels favorable for tornadoes . In addition , moisture from the Gulf of Mexico was advected northwards into the country . Not long afterwards , tornadic supercell thunderstorms began developing late on May 7 .
Tornadic activity started with a large multiple-vortex EF2 tornado that tossed several RVs into the air and injured two people near Wiggins , Colorado on May 7 . Later that evening , a large stovepipe tornado caused high-end EF2 damage near the town of Wray , while several other tornadoes tracked across other very rural areas of Colorado , causing no damage . Scattered tornadoes occurred on May 8 , most of which were weak . However , a strong EF2 tornado caused considerable damage to outbuildings and high-voltage transmission line poles near Catharine , Kansas . On May 9 , a significant tornado event unfolded across Oklahoma , as several strong to violent tornadoes touched down and caused severe damage in several portions of the state . A violent EF4 stovepipe tornado ( the first EF4 of 2016 and the first violent tornado in the United States since an EF4 in Garland , Texas on December 26 , 2015 ) near Katie , Oklahoma killed one person , leveled and swept away multiple homes , and left behind an extensive swath of ground scouring , while a large EF3 wedge tornado from the same parent supercell caused major damage near Sulphur . An EF3 tornado that tracked from near Connerville to Bromide destroyed a house and killed one person . An extremely large EF3 multiple-vortex tornado reached a maximum width of about as it passed near Boswell , snapping and denuding numerous trees , destroying mobile homes , heavily damaging frame homes , and toppling two large metal power line trusses towers along its path . Other strong tornadoes occurred as far north as Nebraska , including an EF2 tornado that tore the roof and some exterior walls from a home near Nehawka and injured one person . An EF1 tornado also caused minor damage in residential areas of Lincoln . Significant tornado activity continued on May 10 , as several tornadoes moved across areas of western Kentucky , including an EF3 tornado that injured 10 people as it moved through the north edge of Mayfield , Kentucky , destroying numerous homes , vehicles , and businesses . Another tornado caused EF2 damage near Hartford . Overall , this outbreak killed two people and produced 57 tornadoes .
Confirmed tornadoes
May 7 event
May 8 event
May 9 event
May 10 event
Katie-Wynnewood , Oklahoma
This violent stovepipe tornado touched down to the south of Katie , Oklahoma at 4:06 PM CDT , initially snapping trees at EF1 intensity along County Road N3170 . Additional trees were snapped along N3180 Road before the tornado intensified to EF3 strength east of that location , where a home was left with only interior walls standing and large trees were denuded and stripped of foliage . A home at the edge of the damage path had its windows blown out . The tornado maintained EF3 strength and started intensifying further as it crossed N3210 Road , where several trees were debarked and ground scouring began occurring . A house near the south edge of the damage path had its roof torn right off , and power poles were snapped as well . Shortly afterwards , the tornado inflicted EF4 damage near the intersection of Indian Meridian Road and E1680 Road , where a well-built , anchor-bolted brick home was almost entirely flattened with a large portion of the foundation slab swept clean of debris . Trees in this area were debarked , and extensive ground scouring occurred . Also , vehicles were thrown and mangled beyond recognition . Another brick house had its roof torn off as well , and multiple power poles were snapped . Further to the east , a poorly-anchored frame home was swept cleanly away at high-end EF3 intensity . A nearby mobile home was also destroyed , along with a vehicle parked nearby that was rolled across the edge of a nearby pond and severely damaged . Several other homes in this area sustained less severe damage . The tornado weakened dramatically as it crossed N3250 Road , snapping and uprooting several trees before dissipating near Interstate 35 to the southwest of Wynnewood at 4:27 PM CDT . This tornado was highly photogenic , and it was photographed and caught on video by numerous storm chasers . One person was killed by the tornado .
Davis–Sulphur–Roff , Oklahoma
This large , high-end EF3 wedge tornado was spawned by the same supercell that produced the EF4 Katie/Wynnewood tornado earlier . It first touched down to the north of Davis , Oklahoma at 4:34 PM CDT , initially snapping trees at EF1 strength near U.S. Route 77 . The tornado then moved across a large open field and began widening significantly before it reached high-end EF2 strength and crossed Sunshine Road , completely destroying a poorly–constructed house and tossing a pickup truck hundreds of feet into a nearby field . Numerous trees and power poles were snapped , and a brick home lost part of its roof here . The tornado intensified as it crossed Meadow Road further to the east , where trees were debarked and an unanchored home was swept completely away at high-end EF3 , by the time it became a EF3 it grew to a monster 1.4 mile wide wedge . strength . And destroyed 2 poorly-constructed homes here lost their roofs and their exterior walls , therefore sustaining EF2 damage . Widespread EF3 damage occurred as the tornado crossed Burnside Road , where multiple homes were left with only their interior walls standing . Also in this area , mobile homes and outbuildings were obliterated , and some unanchored block foundation homes were leveled and swept away . A large metal storage garage was swept away as well , with vehicles stored inside being thrown up to 280 away . Several trees were debarked , and numerous metal power poles were bent to the ground . At one home in this area , 18-year-old resident Daniel Parks and their cousin survived the tornado without injury by taking shelter in an interior bathroom and hanging on to a toilet . The bathroom was the only room left standing after the tornado had passed .
Soon afterwards , trees were uprooted and outbuildings were destroyed along Trett Slab Road and E1690 Road before more significant damage occurred further to the east , where several frame homes and mobile homes were heavily damaged or destroyed along Buel Green Road and Nelson Road . One unanchored home in this area was swept completely away at high-end EF3 intensity , and outbuildings were destroyed as well . More metal power poles were bent to the ground , and a couple of trees were debarked . RaXPol mobile radar recorded winds exceeding 200 MPH over an open field in this area , even though this small pocket of EF5 winds did not impact any substantial structures . Damage in this area did not exceed high-end EF3 because of this . The tornado then crossed W 14th St , briefly weakening to EF2 strength as it destroyed a mobile home , shifted a frame home off its foundation , and caused roof damage to other homes . More outbuildings were destroyed , one of which had a small trailer thrown into it . North of Sulphur , the tornado crossed U.S. Route 177 at EF3 intensity . Several frame homes lost their roofs and had collapse of exterior walls . Some additional trees sustained debarking , a mobile home was swept away and destroyed , and a few other homes had their roofs torn off at this location . A large frame home east of the interstate that was under construction was reduced to a bare slab as well . As the tornado continued eastward , it produced high-end EF2 damage along N3400 Road as two small homes were left with only their interior walls standing , one of which homes was pushed 60 feet off of its foundation . The tornado then began to narrow and weaken as it crossed the Chickasaw Turnpike and County Line Road intersection , causing mainly minor damage to trees , power lines , and outbuildings , though one home and a large metal shed both sustained low-end EF2 damage . The tornado continued to narrow as it moved further east , producing EF0 outbuilding damage before dissipating to the southwest of Roff at 5:17 PM CDT .
See also
List of North American tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
May 22–26 , 2016 tornado outbreak sequence – Another significant outbreak that affected similar areas less than two weeks after this one .
Notes
References
Tornadoes of 2016
2016 natural disasters in the United States
F4 tornadoes by date
,2016-05-07
May 2016 events
Grimlaicus or Grimlaic was a cleric who lived in ninth- or tenth-century Francia , probably around Metz .
They are known only for the book they wrote on how to lead a solitary life within a monastic community , the Regula Solitariorum . This was the first known rule written for hermits in the Latin West , drawing heavily on the Rule of St Benedict . The Regula begins with a prologue , followed by 69 sections , or chapters . Grimlaicus dedicated the compilation to their namesake , a priest . The latter , Mabillon conjectures , lived at the papal court during the pontificate of Formosus .
References
Further reading
Andrew Thornton , Grimlaicus : Rule for Solitaries ( Trappist , Ky. , 2011 ) ,
Andrew Thornton , 'Rule Within Rule , Cell Within Cloister : Grimlaicus 's Regula Solitariorum ' , in Cate Gunn and Herbert McAvoy ( eds . ) Medieval Anchorites in their communities ( Woodbridge , 2017 ) , 68-83
Charles West , 'Group formation in the Long Tenth Century ' , in Christine Kleinjung and Stefan Albrecht ( eds . ) , Das lange 10 . Jahrhundert – Struktureller Wandel zwischen Zentralisierung und Fragmentierung , äußerem Druck und innerer Krise ( Mainz , 2015 ) , pp . 49–59
External link
`` Grimlaicus ' Rule for Solitaries ''
Frankish Christian monks
10th-century Lotharingian people
Hermits
Sofia Sergeyevna Biryukova ( ; born 19 July 1994 ) is a Russian figure skater . They are the 2013 Winter Universiade champion and 2011 Finlandia Trophy champion .
Career
Biryukova competed in the 2009–10 ISU Junior Grand Prix series , winning a silver medal in Turkey . The following season , they began competing on the senior level internationally . They appeared at their first senior Grand Prix event , the 2010 Cup of Russia .
Biryukova began the 2011–12 season by winning gold at the 2011 Finlandia Trophy . They placed 4th at the 2011 Cup of Russia , setting personal bests in both programs . Toward the end of the season , they sustained four fractures .
In the 2012–2013 season , Biryukova was assigned to two ISU Grand Prix events , the 2012 Cup of China and 2012 NHK Trophy , and finished 9th at both .
Biryukova won the gold medal at the 2013 Winter Universiade . Since Butsaeva was unable to attend , Svetlana Sokolovskaya stepped in to work with them at the event .
Pair Skating Career
In spring 2014 , Biryukova decided to try pair skating . After telling their coach , Butsaeva , Butsaeva contacted pairs coach , Nina Mozer , and Mozer invited Biryukova to watch the pair skating at the Vorobyovy Gory where they coach . After deciding they wanted to switch to pair skating , Mozer agreed to let them train at the rink and paired them up with Aleksandr Stepanov in the fall of 2014 , who was also a singles skater that wanted to switch to pair skating . Pavel Alexandrovich Kitashev became the pair team 's coach . On January 13 , 2015 , however , Biryukova stated they were unsure if they would continue pair skating or start coaching , feeling as though they had n't made a lot of progress as a pair skater .
Deciding to end their pair skating career , Biryukova ended their partnership with Stepanov . Four months later , however , Biryukova was contacted by Nina Mozer , who convinced them to tryout with pair skater Andrei Filonov , who was looking for a partner . After a successful tryout , the pair decided to skate together and are coached by Dmitri Savin .
The pair made their skating debut at the 2016 Russian Figure Skating Championships , where they placed 7th .
Programs
With Filonov
Singles Skating
Competition highlights
With Filonov
Singles Skating
References
External links
Sofia Biryukova at sport-folio.net
Sofia Biryukova at fskate.ru
1994 births
Living people
Russian female single skaters
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Figure skaters from Moscow
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 2013 Winter Universiade
Leslie Armstrong may refer to :
Dr Leslie Armstrong , a fictional character in The Adventure of the Missing Three-Quarter , a Sherlock Holmes story by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
Dr Leslie Armstrong , archaeologist who excavated at Grimes Graves
Dr Leslie Armstrong ( d.2007 ) , therapist who appeared on Howard 100 and Howard 101
Deinonychus is a Dutch doom metal band formed in 1992 by Marco Kehren . There is a close relationship between Deinonychus and the German band Bethlehem : Kehren provided vocals on S.U.I.Z.I.D. , Reflektionen auf 's Sterben and Profane Fetmilch Lenzt Elf Krank , while Bethlehem bassist and lyricist Jürgen Bartsch joined Deinonychus in 2005 . The first three albums and the early demos released as After the Rain Falls ... An Empty Sky Remains , feature Kehren on all instruments and vocals ; 1999 's Deinonychus added Cradle of Filth drummer William Sarginson , and 2002 's Mournument was recorded with a full band . The band announced that they disbanded in September 2008 .
Marco Kehren nowadays runs a martial industrial band by the name of Nihil Novi Sub Sole .
Deinonychus revived in 2016 with a new line up consisting of Marco Kehren ( guitars , bass , vocals ) , Steve Wolz ( drums ) and Markus Stock ( keyboards ) . The band has recorded a new album called Ode to Acts of Murder , Dystopia and Suicide released on My Kingdom Music worldwide in October 2017 .
Discography
References
External links
Official website
BNR Metal Pages entry
Metalstorm.ee
Deinonychus Reverb Nation
Dutch doom metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups disestablished in 2008
Dutch musical trios
Musical groups from Limburg ( Netherlands )
Brunssum
Tristan Trager ( born August 28 , 1999 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Atlanta United 2 in the USL Championship .
Career
Youth and college
Trager attended high school at San Clemente High School , whilst also playing club soccer with Academy Strikers FC . In 2018 , Trager attended the United States Air Force Academy and was part of the college soccer team . In four seasons with the Falcons , Trager went on to make 58 appearances , scoring 29 goals and tallying eleven assists . They earned honors including First-team All-WAC in 2019 , All-WAC Honorable Mention in 2020–21 , and was named Offensive Player of the Year for the Western Athletic Conference and First Team All-WAC for the 2021–22 season .
Professional
On January 11 , 2022 , Trager was selected 47th overall in the 2022 MLS SuperDraft by Atlanta United . Trager did n't immediately sign with Atlanta , opting instead to see out their senior year with the Air Force . They signed with the club 's USL Championship affiliate side Atlanta United 2 on June 1 , 2022 .
On July 5 , 2022 Atlanta United 2 forward Tristan Trager was named the USL Championship Player of the Week for Week 17 by the league office . Trager recorded their first professional brace in a 4-3 win against Charleston Battery and replicated their tally with a pair of goals against El Paso Locomotive in a 2-2 draw .
References
External links
Air Force profile
Atlanta United profile
1999 births
Living people
Air Force Falcons men 's soccer players
American soccer players
Association football midfielders
Atlanta United FC draft picks
Atlanta United 2 players
People from San Clemente , California
Soccer players from California
USL Championship players
Zhu Lin ( ; born November 7 , 1933 ) is a retired Chinese politician and economist , and the widow of former Chinese Premier Li Peng .
Biography
Zhu was born in Shanghai , on November 7 , 1933 . Them father Zhu Jixun ( ) was a business person . They elementary studied at and secondary studied at Bashu Secondary School . After graduating from Heilongjiang University , they were dispatched to the Jilin Chemical Plant as an interpreter . Later they served as head of the Foreign Affairs Office of North China Electric Power Bureau , director of the Beijing Office of Guangdong Daya Bay Nuclear Power Plant , and director of the Research Office of the Special Administrative Region Office of the State Council . They also served as vice president of the China National Committee on Care for Children and the China Women Development Foundation .
Personal life
Zhu was married to Li Peng on July 10 , 1958 . They have two sons and a daughter , namely Li Xiaopeng , Li Xiaolin , and .
References
Bibliography
1933 births
Living people
People from Shanghai
Heilongjiang University alumni
People 's Republic of China politicians from Shanghai
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Shanghai
Count William Wirich of Daun-Falkenstein ( 1 June 1613 – 26 August 1682 ) was a German nobleman . By descent , they were a Count of Falkenstein ; by inheritance , they were Lord of Broich and Bürgel .
Life
William Wirich was a son of Count John Adolph ( 1582–1623 ) and their wife , Countess Anna Maria ( 1589–1620 ) , a daughter of Count John VII of Nassau-Siegen and Countess Magdalene of Waldeck-Wildungen .
On 28 October 1634 , they married at Waldeck Castle to their cousin Elisabeth of Waldeck . In 1636 , they inherited the County of Falkenstein from their third cousin once removed Count Francis Christopher of Daun-Oberstein .
Charles Alexander was their only son who survived into adulthood . However , they were shot by Count Moritz of Limburg during a fight on 7 October 1659 . William Wirich remarried to Countess Agnes Catherine of Limburg-Styrum . However , this marriage remained childless , so when they died , the Daun-Falkenstein branch died out in the male line .
The impoverished count sold the county of Falkenstein to Duke Charles IV of Lorraine in 1667 . The Lordships of Broich and Bürgel were inherited by their third cousin once remove , Emich Christian of Leiningen-Dagsburg .
Marriage and issue
On 28 November 1634 at Waldeck Castle , they married their cousin Elizabeth ( 1610–1647 ) , the daughter of Count Christian of Waldeck-Wildungen . They had the following children :
Anna Elizabeth ( 9 January 1636 – 1685 ) , married :
in 1658 to George William ( 1636-1672 ) , the son of Count Emich XIII of Leiningen-Dagsburg ( 1612-1658 ) and Christiane of Solms-Laubach ( 1607-1638 )
in 1673 to George Frederick , the son of Wild- and Rhinegrave John Casimir of Salm-Kyrburg ( 1577-1651 ) and Dorothea of Solms-Laubach ( 1579-1631 )
Ferdinand Christian ( 25 December 1636 – 29 March 1642 )
Charlotte Auguste ( 30 December 1637 – 1713 )
married Rev . A. Siebel
Amalie Sibylle ( b . 27 January 1639 )
married on 22 August 1664 ( renounced 1674 ) , John Louis ( 1643-1687 ) , the son of Count Emich XIII of Leiningen-Dagsburg and Dorothea of Waldeck-Wildungen
Christine Louise ( 18 July 1640 – December 1717 )
married on 17 July 1664 to Count Emich Christian ( 1642-1702 ) , another son of Count Emich XIII of Leiningen-Dagsburg and Dorothea of Waldeck-Wildungen
Charles Alexander ( 23 February 1643 – 7 October 1659 )
William ( 23 July 1644 – 4 October 1653 )
In 1663 , they remarried , to Agnes Catherine ( 1629–1686 ) , the daughter of Count Bernard Albert of Limburg-Styrum ( 1597–1637 ) and Countess Maria Anna of Berg ( 1600–1653 ) . This marriage remained childless .
Ancestors
References
Lords of Broich
1613 births
1682 deaths
Counts of Falkenstein
17th-century German people
Leland Judd Barrows ( October 27 , 1906 – March 3 , 1988 ) was an American ambassador to Cameroon and Togo . They were born in Hutchinson , Kansas . They married Mabel Irene Conley on March 21 , 1935 .
They served various diplomatic positions including a member of the Council on Foreign Relations ; Phi Beta Kappa and foreign service officer ; along with their ambassadorships ; as well as a Newspaper reporter and radio broadcaster outside of the State Department . They died in 1988 .
Their parents were Eugene Barrows and Florence Emma ( Judd ) Barrows .
Education
They graduated from the University of Kansas with a master 's degree in political science .
Career
Narrows has had a varied career in government . While Harry Truman was president , they served in the Office of Price Administration , the Federal Public Housing Authority , and the Department of State , 1944–48 ; Executive Assistant to the Special , Representative in Europe , Economic Cooperation Administration , 1948–53 ; Director , Mission to Greece , Foreign Operations Agency , 1952–54 ; and Mission to Vietnam , 1949–1958 .
Personal life
Barrows are married to Irene Conley Barrows , with whom they had two children . Their son , Leland C. Barrows , was a graduate of Columbia University and served as a history professor at Voorhees College .
References
1906 births
1988 deaths
Ambassadors of the United States to Togo
Ambassadors of the United States to Cameroon
People from Hutchinson , Kansas
University of Kansas alumni
The 7th Canadian Comedy Awards , presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence ( CCFE ) , honoured the best live , television , and film comedy of 2005 and was held on 27 October 2006 in London , Ontario . The ceremony was hosted by Debra DiGiovanni .
Canadian Comedy Awards , also known as Beavers , were awarded in 20 categories . Winners were picked by members of ACTRA ( Alliance of Canadian Cinema , Television and Radio Artists ) , the Canadian Actors ' Equity Association , the Writers Guild of Canada , the Directors Guild of Canada , and the Comedy Association .
TV series Corner Gas led with seven nominations followed by the film Leo with four . Corner Gas won two Beavers as did Mark McKinney for the second season of Slings & Arrows . Mike MacDonald received the first Dave Broadfoot Award for comic genius .
The ceremony was held during the five-day Canadian Comedy Awards Festival which showcased performances by the nominees and other artists . A gala review on the final day of the festival was taped and broadcast by The Comedy Network , marking the awards ' first television presence since 2001 .
Festival
The 6th Canadian Comedy Awards and Festival ran from 24 to 28 October 2005 in London , Ontario , its fourth year in the city . Each day featured talent showcases by local comics , nominees and other visiting performers . There were also workshops including one on laughter in the workplace .
The festival was closed with a gala review on 28 October , the night following the awards ceremony , hosted by Mark McKinney and featuring the Royal Canadian Air Farce , Mike MacDonald and Derek Edwards . This gala was taped and broadcast by The Comedy Network , marking the Canadian Comedy Awards ' first presence on television since 2001 .
Ceremony
The 6th Canadian Comedy Awards ceremony was held on 27 October 2006 , hosted by Debra DiGiovanni , the 2002 winner for best stand-up newcomer .
Winners and nominees
Winners were voted on by 18,000 members of ACTRA ( Alliance of Canadian Cinema , Television and Radio Artists ) , the Canadian Actors ' Equity Association , the Writers Guild of Canada , the Directors Guild of Canada , and the Comedy Association . Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface :
Live
Television
Film
Special Awards
Multiple wins
The following people , shows , films , etc . received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people , shows , films , etc . received multiple nominations
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
TRK or trk may refer to :
Juwata International Airport ( IATA code : TRK ) , an international airport in Tarakan , North Kalimantan , Indonesia
Potassium transport proteins ( Trk ) , a constituent of the protein family bacterial potassium transporter
Trk receptor , a family of tyrosine kinases that regulates synaptic strength and plasticity in the mammalian nervous system
Truckee Tahoe Airport ( FAA LID code : TRK ) , a public airport two miles east of Truckee , California , United States
Turkic languages ( ISO 639-5 code : trk ) , a language family of at least 35 documented languages
Turkey has qualified send athletes to the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 . Sports the country qualified to compete in include 5-a-side football , archery , goalball and wheelchair basketball .
Medalists
| width=20 % align=left valign=top |
| width=70 % align=left valign=top |
Competitors
| width=78 % align=left valign=top |
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Games :
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Administration and support
As of January 2016 , the country had qualified 37 vision impaired athletes for Rio . The Games will be the first where Turkey sends teams in all vision impaired team sports .
5-a-side football
Turkey qualified for the Paralympics after finishing first at the 2015 IBSA Blind Football European Championships . They made it out of group play in second , with England having won the group after not dropping a game . Turkey dropped their game against England 1 - 2 , with the English side goals coming from Turnham and English while the Turkish goal came from Hasan Şatay . In elimination play , Şatay and Abdullah Sümer scored two goals in penalty time after their game against Spain ended in 0 - 0 draws . Turkey then met Russia in the gold medal match , where Kahraman Gurbetoğlu scored to give Turkey a 1 - 0 wins .
5th–6th place match
Archery
Turkey qualified three archers for the Rio Games following their performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships . The spots are all in the compound open , with 2 spots for men and 1 spot for a woman . Bülent Korkmaz earned Turkey 's first spot in the men 's compound open , with Erdoğan Aygan earning the second men 's spot . Handan Biroğlu earned the women 's spot after defeating Ireland 's Kerrie-Louise Leonard to qualify for the quarterfinals .
Men
|-
|align=left|Sadık Savaş
|align=left|Individual Recurve Open
|545
|31
|L 2–6
|colspan=5|Did Not Advance
|-
|align=left|Erdoğan Aygan
|align=left rowspan=2|Ind . compound
|663
|17
|W 143–142
|L 137–137
|colspan=4|Did Not Advance
|-
|align=left|Bülent Korkmaz
|687
|1
|
|W 137–137
|L 138–139
|colspan=3|Did Not Advance
|-
|align=left|Naci Yenier
|align=left rowspan=2|Individual compound W1
|637
|4
|
|W 138–131
|L 128–131
|colspan=3|Did Not Advance
|-
|align=left|Ömer Aşık
|648
|1
|
|
|L 124–130
|colspan=3|Did Not Advance
| }
Women
|-
|align=left|Zehra Özbey Torun
|align=left rowspan=2|Individual Recurve Open
|582
|14
|W 6–4
|W 6–2
|L 3–7
|colspan=2|Did Not Advance
|5
|-
|align=left|Merve Nur Eroğlu
|603
|9
|L 2–6
|colspan=5|Did Not Advance
|-
|align=left|Handan Biroğlu
|align=left|Ind . compound
|648
|8
|
|W 139–137
|L 132–144
|colspan=2|Did Not Advance
|5
| }
Mixed
|-
|align=left|Sadık SavaşMerve Nur Eroğlu
|align=left|Team Recurve Open
|1148
|10
|
|L 3–5
|colspan=3|Did Not Advance
|9
|-
|align=left|Bülent KorkmazHandan Biroğlu
|align=left|Team Compound Open
|1335
|3
|
|
|W 147–145
|L 139–149
|L 128–138
|4
| }
Athletics
Men
Track events
Field events
Women
Track events
Field events
Goalball
Men
Turkey 's men enter the tournament ranked fourth in the world .
Pool B
Quarter-Finals
Women
The Turkey women 's national goalball team qualified for the Rio Games after finishing third at the 2014 IBSA Goalball World Championships . They defeated Japan in the bronze medal game to qualify . Turkey 's assistant coach Eren Yıldırım said after their team qualified , `` We had a nightmare in the semi-final against Russia ( a 2-1 defeat ) . But our main aim was a place at Rio 2016 and we managed to recuperate and focus on this . We 're really pleased. ” Turkey 's women enter the tournament ranked fifth in the world .
Pool D
Quarter-Finals
Semi-Finals
Final
Judo
Powerlifting
Women
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting at the Rio Games took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl . Shooters earned spots for their NPC . Turkey earned a qualifying spot at this event in the R2 – 10m Air Rifle standing women SH1 event as a result of Çağla Baş winning a silver medal . Cevat Karagöl gave Turkey another spot in the P1 – 10m Air Pistol Men SH1 event after winning a bronze medal .
The country sent shooters to 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Osijek , Croatia , where Rio direct qualification was also available . They earned a qualifying spot at this event based on the performance of Muharrem Korhan Yamaç in the P4 – 50m Pistol Mixed SH1 event .
The third opportunity for direct qualification for shooters to the Rio Paralympics took place at the 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Sydney , Australia . At this competition , Savaş Üstün earned a qualifying spot for their country in the R3 - Mixed 10m Air Rifle Prone SH1 event .
The last direct qualifying event for Rio in shooting took place at the 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Fort Benning , USA in November . Ayşegül Pehlivanlar earned a qualifying spot for their country at this competition in the P2 Women 's 10m Air Pistol SH1 event . Murat Oğuz earned a second qualifying spot for Turkey at this competition in the P4 Mixed 50m Pistol SH1 event . Because no women qualified in the P3 Mixed 25m Pistol SH1 event , the spot for women was reallocated to P4 Mixed 50m Pistol SH1 , which Turkey 's Aysel Özgan claimed for their country . Hakan Çevik claimed another spot for Turkey with their performance in the R5 Mixed 10m Air Pistol Prone SH2 event .
Men
Women
Qualification Legend : Q = Qualify for the next round ; q = Qualify for the bronze medal ( shotgun )
Swimming
Men
Women
Table Tennis
Men 's individual
Men 's team
Women 's individual
Women 's team
Wheelchair basketball
The Turkey men 's national wheelchair basketball team has qualified for the 2016 Rio Paralympics .
During the draw , Brazil had the choice of which group they wanted to be in . They were partnered with Spain , who would be in the group Brazil did not select . Brazil chose Group B , which included Iran , the United States , Great Britain , Germany and Algeria . That left Spain in Group A with Australia , Canada , Turkey , the Netherlands and Japan .
Group A
Quarter-Finals
Semi-Finals
3rd Place
Wheelchair tennis
Busra Un qualified for Rio in the women 's singles event as a result of a Bipartite Commission Invitation place .
See also
Turkey at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Turkish sport
The bills of the 117th United States Congress list includes proposed federal laws that were introduced in the 117th United States Congress .
The United States Congress is the bicameral legislature of the federal government of the United States consisting of two houses : the lower house known as the House of Representatives and the upper house known as the Senate . The House and Senate are equal partners in the legislative process—legislation can not be enacted without the consent of both chambers .
Once a bill is approved by one house , it is sent to the other which may pass , reject , or amend it . For the bill to become law , both houses must agree to identical versions of the bill . After passage by both houses , a bill is enrolled and sent to the president for signature or veto . Bills from the 117th Congress that have successfully completed this process become public laws , listed as Acts of the 117th United States Congress .
Introduced in the House of Representatives
Passed by both houses , no presidential consent needed
Passed by the House , waiting in the Senate
Passed by the House , no Senate consent needed
Incorporated into enacted legislation
Other legislation
Due to size constraints , this list only includes bills that have been considered by a committee .
Introduced in the Senate
Passed by both houses , no presidential consent needed
Passed by the Senate , waiting in the House
Passed by the Senate , no House consent needed
Incorporated into enacted legislation
Other legislation
Due to size constraints , this list only includes bills that have been considered by a committee .
See also
List of acts of the 117th United States Congress
Procedures of the U.S. Congress
List of the United States federal legislation
List of executive actions by Joe Biden
References
External links
Congress 's Legislation Website
Govtrack.us – tracks Congressional activities
Library of Congress 's legislation site
Lists of United States legislation
is a theory and set of rules of thumb which were used by Gōjū-ryū karate masters ( Chōjun Miyagi , Seikichi Toguchi ) to extract the primary fighting applications ( Oyo ) encoded into karate kata by the creators . These rules were historically kept secret and passed on to the most senior students of a school only near the death of the head of the organisation . Without such a rule set describing how kata are constructed , the likelihood of deciphering the original combative meaning of the movements in the kata is very low .
Theory
The theory behind Kaisai no genri is that originally kata began as sets of paired drills or `` sparring sets '' practised by ancient martial artists . Over time large numbers of these drills became difficult to remember and so the defensive portion of the drills were assembled together into units and became the first kata . It is worth noting that these would probably have been Chinese martial art forms . By the time kata were created in Okinawa , the concept would have been well established .
The attacking methods were not recorded in the forms and are therefore unknown . However , they may be inferred from limb and body positioning and preceding and following movements through the process of bunkai or in Gōjū-ryū karate the process of Kaisai . It has been theorised by Seikichi Toguchi Sensei and copy by : Patrick McCarthy that the drills and defensive routines recorded were responses to Habitual Acts of Physical Violence ( HAPV Theory ) .
The rule set
The rule set is broken down into three basic rules and nine advanced rules .
Shuyo san gensoko - Three basic rules
Do n't be deceived by the shape ( embusen ) of the kata .
The kata embusen is designed to allow the kata to be performed within a small space . The shape of the embusen has no bearing on the meaning of the techniques in the kata .
Techniques executed while advancing are offensive . Those executed while retreating are defensive .
There is only one opponent and they are in front of you .
Turning to face a new direction while performing the kata does not mean you are turning to face a new opponent .
Hosoku joko - Advanced rules
Every movement in kata is significant and is to be used in application .
There are no `` salutation '' , religious or empty movements in kata . All movements in the kata have meaning .
A closed pulling hand returning to chamber usually has some part of the opponent in it .
When pulling a hand to the chamber position , particularly if it is closed , it should be considered to have some part of the opponent in its grip . e.g . an arm , wrist or even head .
Utilize the shortest distance to your opponent .
The kata will typically attack the opponent with the closest part of your body .
If you control an opponent 's head you control the opponent .
Kata techniques often target Kyusho ( vital or weak points of the body ) , many of the most important of these are in the head . e.g . eyes or throat .
There are no blocks .
Uke are not blocks , they are `` defences '' , however in kata they may not even represent defences , but simply be the movements of the limbs required to execute a more complex technique like a throw .
Angles in kata are very important .
The angle to which you turn represents the angle which you must take relative to the opponent for the technique to work . It does not represent turning to face a new opponent .
Touching your own body in kata indicates that you are touching part of your opponent .
In the absence of a partner to practice with , where the kata touches your own body , you would be touching or holding part of the opponent 's body .
Do n't attack hard parts of your opponent with hard parts of your body .
The kata typically strikes hard parts of the opponent with soft parts of your body and soft parts with hard parts of your body .
There are no pauses in the application .
The rhythm of the performance of kata has no bearing on the performance of the techniques extracted from it .
Rule sets used by other karate masters
Kenwa Mabuni
In their book Kobo Kenpo Karatedo Nyumon , Shitō-ryū karate master Kenwa Mabuni wrote that when kata change direction , the angle turned to do not indicate turning to face additional attackers , but instead indicates the angle taken with respect to a single opponent attacking from the front .
References
Books
Journals
External links
Lawrence Kane and Kris Wilder - Introduction to the theory of Kaisai
Shin Ki Tai Karate Glossary : Kaisai no genri
Mario McKenna : Seikichi Toguchi & Kaisai no Genri
Koryu Uchinadi HAPV Theory
Wisdom from the Past : Tidbits on Kata Part One
Iain Abernethy : An Introduction to Applied Karate
Karate kata
The Nokia 9000 Communicator was the first product in Nokia 's Communicator series , announced at CeBIT 1996 and introduced into the market on 15 August 1996 . The phone was large and heavy at but powerful at the time . It is powered by an Intel 24 MHz i386 CPU and has 8 MB of memory , which is divided between applications ( 4 MB ) , program memory ( 2 MB ) and user data ( 2 MB ) . The operating system is PEN/GEOS 3.0 . The Communicator is one of the earliest smartphones on the market , after the IBM Simon in 1994 and the HP OmniGo 700LX , a DOS-based palmtop PC with integrated cradle for the Nokia 2110 cellular mobile phone , announced in late 1995 and shipped in March 1996 .
The Communicator was highly advanced , featuring sending and receiving e-mail and fax via its 9.6 kbit/s GSM modem , and it also had a web browser and business programs . It is formed of a clamshell design that opens up to reveal a monochrome LCD display with a 640x200 resolution and a full QWERTY keyboard similar to a Psion PDA . It was priced £1,000 in the UK upon launch ( ) . Then-CEO of Nokia , Jorma Ollila , said in 2012 regarding the device : `` We were five years ahead . ''
9110
The Nokia 9110 Communicator is the updated model of the Nokia 9000 Communicator in the Communicator series .
Its biggest change from the 9000 is that it weighs much less .
Specifications
Operating system : GEOS ( running on top of ROM-DOS ) on the PDA side
Main applications : Fax , short messages , email , Wireless imaging : digital camera connectivity , Smart messaging , TextWeb , Web browser , Serial Terminal , Telnet , Contacts , Notes , Calendar , Calculator , world time clock , Composer .
Display : 640 x 200 Pixels
Size : 158 mm × 56 mm × 27 mm
Weight : 253 g
Processor : Embedded AMD Elan SC450 486 processors at 33 MHz
Memory : 8 MB total , 4 MB Operating System and applications , 2 MB program execution , 2 MB user data storage , MMC card .
Successors
The product line was discontinued in 2000 by the introduction of Nokia 9210 Communicator which introduced a wide TFT colour internal screen , 32-bit ARM9-based RISC CPU at 52 MHz , 16 MB of internal memory , enhanced web abilities and most importantly saw the operating system change to the Symbian operating system . The 9210i launched in 2002 increased the internal memory to 40 MB , video streaming and flash 5 support for the web browser .
The 9xxx Communicators introduced features which later evolved into smartphones .
Awards
The Nokia 9000 Communicator received several awards including :
GSM World Award ( for innovation ) at GSM World Conference 1997
Best Technological Advance by Mobile News UK
Best New Product 1997 by Business Week magazine
In popular culture
The Nokia 9000 is used by Val Kilmer when they played Simon Templar in the 1997 remake of The Saint , and by Anthony Hopkins and Chris Rock in the action comedy Bad Company .
The phone is also mentioned in Bret Easton Ellis ' book Glamorama .
References
External links
More info
9000
Products introduced in 1996
Mobile phones with an integrated hardware keyboard
Mobile phones with infrared transmitter
Flip phones
Helias was an Irish Roman Catholic priest : they are the earliest known Archdeacon of Meath .
References
�
12th-century Irish Roman Catholic priests
Archdeacons of Meath
A Doppler velocity sensor ( DVS ) is a specialized Doppler radar that uses the Doppler effect to measure the three orthogonal velocity components referenced to the aircraft . When aircraft true heading , pitch and roll are provided by other aircraft systems , it can function as a navigation sensor to perform stand-alone dead reckoning navigation calculations as a Doppler Navigation Set ( DNS ) .
Doppler navigation systems are independent of surrounding conditions , perform with high accuracy over land and sea anywhere in the world , and are independent of ground-based aids and space-based satellite navigation systems .
Operational principles
To measure an aircraft three-dimensional velocity , a Doppler radar antenna is caused to radiate a minimum of three non-coplanar microwave electromagnetic beams toward the earth 's surface . Some of the energy is backscattered to the radar by the earth surface . With knowledge of the beam angles , three or more beam-Doppler frequencies are combined to generate the components of aircraft velocity .
DVS transmission is performed at a center frequency of 13.325 GHz in the internationally authorized Ku band of 13.25 to 13.4 GHz .
Uses
DVS are used on helicopters for navigation , hovering , sonar dropping , target handover for weapon delivery and search and rescue . Because the Doppler radar measures velocity relative to surface , sea current and tidal effects create biases . However , for sonobuoys dropping and over water search and rescue , velocity of the aircraft relative to water movement is expected .
These radars were formally approved under the FAA TSO-65a until 2013 , and are designed in accordance with the Radio Technical Commission for Aeronautics ( RTCA ) DO-158 standard titled Minimum Performance Standards − Airborne Doppler Radar Navigation Equipment .
Limitations
The functional operation and accuracy of Doppler velocity sensors is affected by many factors , including aircraft velocity , attitude and altitude above terrain . It is also affected by environmental factors , including the type of terrain the radar is illuminating , and precipitation in the atmosphere .
As the aircraft moves , the backscattering coefficient changes within the beam width , and this causes a shift and some skewing of the Doppler spectrum , and hence an error in the measurement of velocity . A major limitation of using DVSs for navigation is that they typically suffer from accumulated error . Because the guidance system is continually integrating velocity with respect to time to calculate position `` ( see dead reckoning ) '' , any measurement errors , however small , are accumulated over time . This leads to 'drift ' : an ever-increasing difference between where the system thinks it is located and the actual location . Due to integration a constant error in velocity results in a linear error in position .
See also
Continuous wave radar
Dead reckoning
Frequency modulation
Guidance systems
Radio navigation
References
External links
Doppler Navigation Radar on Friends of CRC
CMA-2012 Doppler Velocity Sensor and Navigation System on CMC Electronics
AN/ASN-157 Doppler Navigation Set on BAE Systems
ANV-353 on Leonardo S.p.A .
Radar
Aircraft instruments
Avionics
Speed sensors
Navigational equipment
Spacecraft components
Navigational aids
Motion ( physics )
The Regiment Stoottroepen Prins Bernhard is an infantry regiment of the Royal Netherlands Army .
The Regiment Stoottroepen was founded on 21 September 1944 in Eindhoven , and composed of members of the Dutch resistance from those parts of the Netherlands that had been recently liberated from German occupation . The formation took place on the orders of Prince Bernhard , in their capacity as Commander of the Dutch armed forces . By the time of the surrender of the last German forces in the Netherlands , on 5 May 1945 , the regiment had grown to some 6,000 men .
Following the liberation of the Netherlands , the regiment was incorporated into the RNLA , and its component battalions took part in the police actions in the Dutch East Indies 1946–1949 . During the 1950s , the Dutch army underwent reorganisation , and the Regiment Stoottropen was reduced to one battalion , 41 Infantry Battalion . In due course , this unit was converted to mechanized infantry ( Dutch : pantserinfanteriebataljon , abbreviated to `` painfbat '' ) .
In 1994 , 41 Painfbat was deactivated , and the lineage and colours of the Regiment Stoottroepen were taken over by 13 Infantry Battalion and 11 Mortar Company , both of which form part of 11 Luchtmobiele ( Airmobile ) Brigade . Following the death of Prince Bernhard in 2004 , the regiment was renamed `` Regiment Stoottroepen Prins Bernhard '' in their honour . In 2011 the Charlie Company took over the traditions of the ‘ Margrietcompagnie ' .
References
Military units and formations established in 1944
Stoottroepen Prins Bernhard
Echephron ( ; Ancient Greek : Ἐχέφρων , gen. : Ἐχέφρωνος ) is the name of three characters in Greek mythology .
Echephron , a prince of Pylos and son of King Nestor and Eurydice ( or Anaxibia ) . They were the brother of Thrasymedes , Pisidice , Polycaste , Perseus , Stratichus , Aretus , Pisistratus and Antilochus .
Echephron , a Trojan prince as one of the sons of Priam , king of Troy .
Echephron , son of Heracles and Psophis , daughter of Eryx , a Sicilian despot . They changed the name of the city Phegia ( the old Erymanthus ) to Psophis .
Notes
References
Homer , The Odyssey with an English Translation by A.T. Murray , PH.D. in two volumes . Cambridge , MA. , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann , Ltd. 1919 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library . Greek text available from the same website .
Pausanias , Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S . Jones , Litt.D. , and H.A . Ormerod , M.A. , in 4 Volumes . Cambridge , MA , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann Ltd. 1918 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias , Graeciae Descriptio . 3 vols . Leipzig , Teubner . 1903 . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library .
Pseudo-Apollodorus , The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer , F.B.A. , F.R.S . in 2 Volumes , Cambridge , MA , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann Ltd. 1921 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library . Greek text available from the same website .
Trojans
Heracleidae
Children of Heracles
Characters in the Odyssey
Princes in Greek mythology
Children of Priam
Pylian characters in Greek mythology
Children of Nestor ( mythology )
Vitaliy Pervak ( ; born 15 August 1970 ) is a former Ukrainian footballer and manager .
External links
Vitaliy Pervak : `` I play to this day possible because beer I started to drink later '' ( Віталій Первак : `` Можливо тому досі граю , що пізно почав пити пиво '' ) . UA-Football . 25 June 2009
1970 births
Living people
People from Starokostiantyniv
Ukrainian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Krasyliv players
FC Karpaty Mukacheve players
FC Oleksandriya players
FC Volyn Lutsk players
FC Nyva Ternopil players
FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk players
FC Prykarpattia-2 Ivano-Frankivsk players
FC Nyva Vinnytsia players
Ukrainian Premier League managers
FC Oleksandriya managers
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian football managers
Sportspeople from Khmelnytskyi Oblast
Nadalama may refer to several places in Estonia :
Nadalama , Lääne-Viru County , village in Estonia
Nadalama , Rapla County , village in Estonia
Vilen Aleksandrovich Kalyuta ( ; 22 October 19303 November 1999 ) was a Ukrainian cinematographer .
They were born on 22 October 1930 , in Huliaipole , Zaporizhzhia Oblast , Ukraine . Kalyuta worked on more than 50 movies during their 40-year career . Notable films by Vilen Kalyuta are White Bird with Black Mark , Flying Asleep and Awake , The Legend of Princess Olga , Urga , Burnt by the Sun and the last film they worked on A Friend of the Deceased . Vilen Kalyuta died on 3 November 1999 , in Kyiv , Ukraine .
External links
Ukrainian cinematographers
1930 births
1999 deaths
People from Huliaipole
Soviet cinematographers
Recipients of the Shevchenko National Prize
These is the results of 2015 BWF World Senior Championships ' 35+ events .
Medalist
Men 's singles
Seeds
Vadim Itckov ( Quarterfinals )
Stanislav Pukhov ( Champion , Gold medal )
Anders Boesen ( Semifinals , Bronze medal )
Tjitte Weistra ( Quarterfinals )
Thomas Blondeau ( Third Round )
Thorsten Hukriede ( Final , Silver medal )
Lars Klintrup ( Third Round )
Konstantin Myakishev ( Second Round )
Jim Ronny Andersen ( Semifinals , Bronze medal )
Naruenart Chuaymak ( Quarterfinals )
Oliver Colin ( Third Round )
Jeffer Rosobin ( Quarterfinals )
Rohan Kapoor ( Third Round )
Eric Wasylyk ( First Round )
Andreas Borella ( Quarterfinals )
Morten Rasmussen ( Third Round )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women 's singles
Seeds
Claudia Vogelgsang ( Semifinals , Bronze medal )
Rebecca Pantaney ( Champion , Gold medal )
Aurélie Martin ( Third Round )
Noriko Sanada ( Semifinals , Bronze medal )
Ingrid Marie Holst Olsen ( Second Round )
Katja Wengberg ( Third Round )
Katrin Hockemeyer ( Second Round )
Kazumi Ichinohe ( Quarterfinals )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Men 's doubles
Seeds
Tony Gunawan / Flandy Limpele ( Champions , Gold medal )
Xavier Engrand / Jérôme Krawczyk ( Third Round )
Anders Boesen / Andreas Borella ( Semifinals , Bronze medal )
Fredrik du Hane / Lars Klintrup ( Second Round )
Andrey Degtyarev / Vadim Itckov ( Quarterfinals )
Jan-Lennard Hay / Ingo Waltermann ( Third Round )
Honzawa Yutaka / Matsumoto Masayuki ( Third Round )
Daniel Plant / Philip Troke ( Second Round )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
{ { 16TeamBracket-Compact-Tennis3-Byes
| RD1=First Round
| RD2=Second Round
| RD3=Third Round
| RD4=Quarterfinals
| team-width=150
| RD1-seed01=
| RD1-team01= N Ludvigsson T Nielsen
| RD1-score01-1=23
| RD1-score01-2=15
| RD1-score01-3=16
| RD1-seed02=
| RD1-team02= N Chuaymak A Thiraratsakul
| RD1-score02-1=21
| RD1-score02-2=21
| RD1-score02-3=21
| RD1-seed05=
| RD1-team05= J R Anderson E Lund
| RD1-score05-1=21
| RD1-score05-2=21
| RD1-score05-3=
| RD1-seed06=
| RD1-team06= R Jareño J Waeyenbergh
| RD1-score06-1=7
| RD1-score06-2=4
| RD1-score06-3=
| RD1-seed09=
| RD1-team09= E B. Kæmpegaard M Rasmussen| RD1-score09-1=21
| RD1-score09-2=21
| RD1-score09-3=
| RD1-seed10=
| RD1-team10= N Kanebäck R Wettersten
| RD1-score10-1=15
| RD1-score10-2=11
| RD1-score10-3=
| RD1-seed13=
| RD1-team13= Inoki V Wibowo
| RD1-score13-1=21
| RD1-score13-2=21
| RD1-score13-3=
| RD1-seed14=
| RD1-team14= M Gloria P Gomes
| RD1-score14-1=13
| RD1-score14-2=1
| RD1-score14-3=
| RD2-seed01=
| RD2-team01= N Chuaymak A Thiraratsakul
| RD2-score01-1=21
| RD2-score01-2=16
| RD2-score01-3=21
| RD2-seed02=
| RD2-team02= J . B. S. Vidyadhar R Singh
| RD2-score02-1=11
| RD2-score02-2=21
| RD2-score02-3=15
| RD2-seed03=
| RD2-team03= J R Anderson E Lund
| RD2-score03-1=21
| RD2-score03-2=20
| RD2-score03-3=13
| RD2-seed04=6
| RD2-team04= J-L Hay I Waltermann
| RD2-score04-1=14
| RD2-score04-2=22
| RD2-score04-3=21
| RD2-seed05=
| RD2-team05= E B. Kæmpegaard M Rasmussen
| RD2-score05-1=21
| RD2-score05-2=13
| RD2-score05-3=22
| RD2-seed06=
| RD2-team06= A Katkov S Pukhov
| RD2-score06-1=14
| RD2-score06-2=21
| RD2-score06-3=20
| RD2-seed07=
| RD2-team07= Inoki V Wibowo
| RD2-score07-1=19
| RD2-score07-2=12
| RD2-score07-3=
| RD2-seed08=2
| RD2-team08= X Engrand J Krawczyk
| RD2-score08-1=21
| RD2-score08-2=21
| RD2-score08-3=
| RD3-seed01=
| RD3-team01= N Chuaymak A Thiraratsakul
| RD3-score01-1=21
| RD3-score01-2=22
| RD3-score01-3=
| RD3-seed02=6
| RD3-team02= J-L Hay I Waltermann
| RD3-score02-1=11
| RD3-score02-2=20
| RD3-score02-3=
| RD3-seed03=
| RD3-team03= E B. Kæmpegaard M Rasmussen
| RD3-score03-1=21
| RD3-score03-2=15
| RD3-score03-3=21
| RD3-seed04=2
| RD3-team04= X Engrand J Krawczyk
| RD3-score04-1=18
| RD3-score04-2=21
| RD3-score04-3=16
| RD4-seed01=
| RD4-team01= N Chuaymak A Thiraratsakul
| RD4-score01-1=21
| RD4-score01-2=22
| RD4-score01-3=
| RD4-seed02=
| RD4-team02= E B. Kæmpegaard M Rasmussen
| RD4-score02-1=11
| RD4-score02-2=20
| RD4-score02-3=
} }
Women 's doubles
Seeds
Rebecca Pantaney / Lynne Swan ( Semifinals , Bronze medal )
Kazumi Ichinohe / Noriko Sanada ( Champions , Gold medal )
Svetlana Alferova / Maria Kurochkina ( Second Round ) Sunniva Aminoff / Claudia Vogelgsang ( Final , Silver medal )
Chen Hua-wei / Chen Yu-fang ( Semifinals , Bronze medal )
Manuela Nowak / Simone Weisbarth ( First Round ) Ewelina Bracha / Małgorzata Średnicka ( First Round ) Natalija Holowkina / Tatiana Ianutc ( Quarterfinals ) Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Mixed doubles
Seeds
Maurice Niesner / Claudia Vogelgsang ( Semifinals , Bronze medal )
Nick Ponting / Lynne Swan ( Quarterfinals ) Thorsten Hukriede / Michaela Hukriede ( Final , Silver medal )
Stanislav Pukhov / Maria Kurochkina ( Third Round ) Vadim Itchkov / Natalia Blokhina ( Third Round ) Matsumoto Masayuki / Rie Matsumoto ( Quarterfinals ) Roy Rouwhorst / Georgy Van Soerland-Trouerbach ( Quarterfinals ) '' Tommy Sørensen / Lisbeth T. Haagensen ( Champions , Gold medal ) '' '
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
2015 BWF World Senior Championships
`` Undercover Burns '' is the thirty-second season premiere of the American animated television series The Simpsons , and the 685th episode overall . It aired in the United States on Fox on September 27 , 2020 . The episode was directed by Bob Anderson , and written by David Cryan .
David Harbour guest-stars as Mr. Burns ' undercover persona Fred and Phil Rosenthal appears as himself . This is also the first episode that Alex Désert voices Carl Carlson , taking over the role from Hank Azaria . The episode 's title is a reference to the television franchise Undercover Boss .
The episode featured Mr. Burns going undercover at their company , the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant , similar to the format of Undercover Boss . It received generally positive reviews and was watched live in the United States by 4.44 million viewers .
Plot
Lisa and Bart go to the power plant with Homer for `` Take Your Child to Work Day '' , but Mr. Burns decides to change it into `` Put Your Child to Work Day '' . All of the children are forced to work , but Lisa escapes and confronts Mr. Burns about the abuse of child labor laws . Mr. Burns decides to hide in the employee restroom . While in the restroom , Mr. Burns sees unflattering graffiti on the walls , and soon realizes that their employees do n't like them very much , because of their pompous ways .
Smithers decides to help a distraught Mr. Burns go undercover as a man named Fred Kranepool . During their undercover operation , Mr. Burns plans to `` infiltrate and kill '' disloyal employees , but ends up befriending Homer , Lenny , and Carl . Smithers becomes jealous of all the time Mr. Burns is spending with the employees and eventually tells Homer that Fred is actually a disguised Mr. Burns . Their scheme exposed , Mr. Burns reverts to their old , tyrannical self .
Production
Development
The episode was written by David Cryan , who reached out to showrunner Al Jean on Twitter , asking Jean to read some scripts they had written . Cryan was hoping to be given the opportunity to submit a script for The Simpsons , but Jean was impressed enough by Cryan 's scripts , particularly those for Veep and Curb Your Enthusiasm , that they invited Cryan to join the show 's writing staff . However , Cryan was unable to accept the offer , because Cryan , who lives in Canada , had their United States visa application denied . So , Jean instead offered them a freelance opportunity to write an episode . Cryan chose to write an episode surrounding their favorite character of Mr. Burns , it is Cryan 's first television episode .
Casting
David Harbour guest-starred in the episode as Mr. Burns ' undercover persona Fred and Phil Rosenthal appeared as himself . Rosenthal previously portrayed TV Dad in The Simpsons Movie . This is also the first episode with Alex Désert voicing Carl Carlson , taking over from Hank Azaria who voiced the character since the first season . This came after the producers of the series announced that `` Moving forward , The Simpsons will no longer have white actors voice non-white characters . ''
Music
The episode features Why ca n't we be friends by War , Bang the Drum All Day by Todd Rundgren and The Spaniard That Blighted My Life by Billy Merson .
Marketing
Jean released a still from the episode on September 9 , 2020 , on Twitter . Also on September 9 , 2020 , Fox released eight promotional pictures from the episode .
Reception
Viewing figures
In the United States , the episode was watched live by 4.44 million viewers .
Critical response
Tony Sokol with Den of Geek , said `` 'Undercover Burns ' makes for a fun and informative season premiere episode . Mr. Burns always delivers , except on any promises he 's made . '' They gave the episode four out of five stars .
Kevin Melrose with CBR , said `` those longtime critics who insist The Simpsons peaked in 1993 will not doubt point to the Season 32 premiere as only the latest supporting evidence . From the green screen couch gag to its parody of Undercover Boss , a reality series that 's been on the air for more than a decade , 'Undercover Burns ' is hardly cutting edge . And yet , the episode still surprises . ''
References
External links
2020 American television episodes
The Simpsons ( season 32 ) episodes
Milluni Peak , also known as or Pico Milluni ( composed of Spanish pico peak and Aymara milluni , millu light brown , reddish , fair-haired , dark chestnut , -ni suffix to indicate ownership , `` the brown one '' ) , is a mountain in the Andes , about 5,483 m ( 17,989 ft ) high , located in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia in the La Paz Department , Pedro Domingo Murillo Province , El Alto Municipality . It is situated south of Wayna Potosí and northeast of El Alto and La Paz .
See also
Chacaltaya
Janq ' u Quta
Laram Quta
Milluni Lake
Phaq ' u Quta
Zongo River
List of mountains in the Andes
References
Mountains of La Paz Department ( Bolivia )
Borotino ( ) is a village in the Municipality of Krivogaštani in North Macedonia .
Demographics
According to the 2002 census , the village had a total of 277 inhabitants . Ethnic groups in the village include :
Macedonians 277
References
Villages in Krivogaštani Municipality
Karl Heinrich von Nassau-Siegen ( ; 5 January 1743 – 10 April 1808 ) , was a French-born fortune-seeker and adventurer active in Spain , Poland and the Russian Empire . A controversial figure , they were best known as Catherine II 's least successful naval commander .
Charles Henry , in Catherine II 's own words , `` had everywhere the reputation of a crazy fellow '' . They sailed around the world with Bougainville , `` fought tigers bare-handed '' in Central Africa and reportedly seduced the Queen of Tahiti . Their tiger hunt is the subject of a vast canvas by Francesco Casanova .
Life
They were the son of Maximilien Guillaume Adolphe of Nassau-Siegen ( d. 1748 ) and their wife Amicie de Monchy ( d. 1752 ) . Charles Henry 's family and title were disputed . Their father was in 1756 posthumously recognized in France to be a legitimate son of Emmanuel Ignatius of Nassau-Siegen , in turn the youngest son of Prince Johan Franz of Nassau-Siegen by their third ( and morganatic ) wife , Isabella Clara du Puget de la Serre . Emmanuel Ignatius ( d. 1735 ) had an unhappy union with the French noblewoman Charlotte de Mailly-Nesle ( d. 1769 ) and became separated from them after a few years of marriage , during which they had two short-lived sons ; years later ( in 1722 ) they reconciled , and Emmanuel Ignatius recognized the third and only surviving son of their wife , the asupervisorstioned Maximilien Guillaume Adolphe , as their own ; however , shortly before their death ( 26 August 1734 ) , they repudiated the child , declaring them adulterous .
Citing descent from a princely dynasty in the male-line , Charles Henry claimed that under French law they were entitled to style themselves `` Prince of Nassau-Siegen '' , but neither title nor rank was recognized by the House of Nassau-Siegen or the Holy Roman Empire , which had declared their official grandfather , Emmanuel Ignatius de Nassau-Siegen , legitimate but born from a morganatic marriage .
Charles Henry entered the French Navy at the age of 15 , but led a dissolute life as a gambler at the royal courts of Vienna , Warsaw , Madrid and Versailles .
Probably to escape their creditors , they joined the 1766 expedition of Louis Antoine de Bougainville to explore the South Pacific Ocean . On this expedition , they were able to develop their diplomatic skills in establishing contacts with the natives . For instance , in 1768 they were able to convince King Ereti of Tahiti of the peaceful intentions of the French .
As a French officer , Nassau-Siegen failed in their hastily prepared attack on the isle of Jersey ( 1779 ) . For commanding the fireships at the siege of Gibraltar , Nassau-Siegen received from Spain three million francs and the dignity of Grandee of Spain . At Spa they met their future wife , Polish Countess Karolina Gozdzka , who was recently divorced Prince Sanguszko and the owner of a small estate in Podolia , then in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth .
In 1786 Nassau-Siegen arrived in Russia , seeking to make an impression on the powerful Prince Potemkin . They accompanied the Empress in their journey through the provinces of New Russia and was put in charge of the Dnieper Flotilla . After routing the Turks at Ochakov , they wrote to their wife that the spectacle of the Turkish fleet was `` better than a ball in Warsaw '' .
According to John Paul Jones ( who served under Nassau-Siegen 's command ) , the putative prince sought to exaggerate their success to the utmost . They won the Order of St. Andrew after the Battle of Svensksund ( 1789 ) defeating the Swedes , but failed in stopping the Swedish fleet from breaking out in the Battle of Vyborg Bay in July 1790 .
They were on the 9th of July 1790 decisively defeated by the Swedes at the second Battle of Svenskund . Despite this defeat , Nassau-Siegen was promoted to admiral by the Tsarina . Nassau-Siegen 's military incompetence forced them to seek retirement . They left Russia in 1792 for the Rhine , to fight the French Revolution . But after the Peace of Amiens in 1802 , they returned to France , where they solicited without success a position in Napoleon 's army . They returned to their estate at Tynna in Podolia in 1808 , which was seized by Russia after the Partitions of Poland .
The first plans of Russia 's attack on India through Khiva and Bukhara are ascribed to Nassau-Siegen .
They had married in 1780 Karolina Gozdzka ( 1747-1807 ) , but had no children . The location of their former palace in Warsaw has been since parcelled and transformed into residential units and park along Dynasy Street , the name of which is derived from De Nassau . The remaining ruins of the palace were demolished in the 1930s .
Decorations
1774 : Order of the White Eagle
1788 : Order of St. George
1789 : Order of St. Andrew
References
House of Nassau
Imperial Russian Navy admirals
Circumnavigators of the globe
Russian military personnel of the Russo-Swedish War ( 1788–1790 )
Grandees of Spain
1743 births
1808 deaths
William Ault ( 1842 – 12 March 1929 ) was an English potter , involved with a number of companies in the Staffordshire potteries and South Derbyshire making art pottery and more utilitarian wares .
In 1883 they established the Bretby Art Pottery ( formally Henry Tooth & Co. ) with Henry Tooth , who had left the Linthorpe Art Pottery , of which they were co-founder . This was initially based in Church Gresley in Derbyshire , but later moved to Woodville , Derbyshire , nearby . In 1887 Ault established the Ault Pottery , formally William Ault & Co , in Swadlincote , also in Derbyshire . Their art pottery was mostly branded as Ault Faience , regardless of the material .
Their most interesting and sought-after wares use designs by Christopher Dresser . These firstly resulted from the purchase of some of the Linthorpe Art Pottery 's moulds for Dresser designs , after this went out of business in 1889–91 . Ault 's company continued to use some Dresser moulds until the 1920s . Other moulds were bought by Tooth and the Torquay Terracotta Company . Dresser also worked directly for Ault as a freelance designer , from 1892 to at least 1896 . Their other wares were often larger pieces such as jardinières . William Ault 's daughter Clarissa Ault , who initialed their pieces `` CJA '' , was the leading painter ; their sister Gertrude was also a decorator .
Career
Ault was born at Bagnall , near the centre of the English pottery industry at Stoke-on-Trent , and started their career as a `` packing boy '' in a pottery at Longton , where they were gradually promoted to management . They ran the Bretby Art Pottery 1883–1887 , then William Ault & Co , selling goods as `` Ault Pottery '' and `` Ault Faience '' . They were also a Methodist lay preacher .
The firm merged with the Ashby Potters ' Guild in Woodville in 1919 , the formal name becoming at first `` Ault and Tunnicliffe '' , Pascoe Tunnicliffe being the new Works Director . The wares were initially called `` Aultcliff '' and then from 1937 `` Ault Potteries Ltd '' . William Ault had retired in 1922 , when they were 80 , and the business was wound up in the 1930s , ending as part of Pearsons of Chesterfield .
Ault died at their home ( Brookland , Ashby-de-la-Zouch ) on 12 March 1929 .
Dresser period
Dresser 's contract with Ault , signed in May 1893 , paid £400 over three years , and specified that a stamped signature ( `` Chr . Dresser '' ) should be used as a mark on their designs . It also specified they should travel to the factory twice a year , with first-class train expenses and a guinea a day for hotel costs ( Dresser lived in Barnes , London , then in Surrey ) , for up to three days . On their visit they were to `` inspect the production of objects '' , `` instruct the workmen '' and `` criticise objects already made '' . Dresser 's designs were decorated in a variety of ways in the Ault factory , including some painted with plant or animal scenes and the like , which do not really match Dresser 's elegant geometrical shapes .
An Ault Pottery pattern book including over 900 drawn pottery designs by many different hands , and some cryptic notes apparently relating to payments to Dresser , was unveiled by the Dorman Museum in Linthorpe in 2015 ; they also have a collection of Dresser/Ault pieces . They had bought the book in 2013/14 from someone who had found it `` saved from a skip in the 1960s '' when working for Pearsons . Some 40–50 of the designs were thought to be by Dresser , including several well known ones , and it was hoped that study might be able to confirm that other designs were by him .
Ault Pottery , Christopher Dresser shapes ( earthenware unless stated )
Notes
References
Arkell , Roland , `` Saved from a skip , Ault pattern book on display at DresserFest '' , Antiques Trade Gazette , 8 June 2015
Bergesen , Victoria , Bergesen 's Price Guide : British Ceramics , 1992 , Barrie & Jenkins ,
Fletcher , Richard , `` The Art Potteries of South Derbyshire '' , 2001
`` Grove '' : `` Bretby Art Pottery '' in The Grove Encyclopedia of Decorative Arts , p. 144 , Volume 1 of two-volume set , ed . Gordon Campbell , p. 307 , 2006 , Oxford University Press , USA , , 9780195189483 , google books
English potters
Ceramics manufacturers of England
History of Derbyshire
Art pottery
1842 births
People from Staffordshire ( before 1974 )
1929 deaths
German submarine U-55 was a Type VIIB U-boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . They were ordered on 16 July 1937 and laid down on 2 November 1938 at Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft in Kiel as yard number 590 . Launched on 19 October 1939 , they went into service on 21 November 1939 under the command of Kapitänleutnant ( Kptlt . ) Werner Heidel .
Design
German Type VIIB submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIA submarines . U-55 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged . They had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN M 6 V 40/46 four-stroke , six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced , two AEG GU 460/8-276 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged . They had two shafts and two propellers . The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged , the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced , they could travel at . U-55 was fitted with five torpedo tubes ( four fitted at the bow and one at the stern ) , fourteen torpedoes , one SK C/35 naval gun , 220 rounds , and one anti-aircraft gun The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty .
Service history
U-55 began their first and only war patrol on 16 January 1940 , under Heidel 's command ; they had previously sunk two ships in . They sank four small freighters sailing independently , then attacked convoy OA-80G on 29 January . U-55 sank two more ships before coming under concerted attack from the convoy 's escorts , supported by a Sunderland flying boat from RAF Coastal Command 228 Squadron .
Fate
After a sustained depth charge attack , the U-boat surfaced and carried out a running gun battle before their deck gun jammed . Heidel ordered the boat to be abandoned , then apparently went down with it . The remainder of the crew was rescued by the escorts . The British awarded official credit for sinking U-55 to the sloop , the destroyer , French destroyers Valmy and Guépard , and the Sunderland .
Summary of raiding history
References
Bibliography
External links
1939 ships
German Type VIIB submarines
Ships built in Kiel
U-boats commissioned in 1939
U-boats sunk by British aircraft
U-boats sunk by British warships
U-boats sunk by French warships
U-boats sunk in 1940
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
World War II submarines of Germany
Maritime incidents in January 1940
MHz Legacy , formerly known as MHz , is an American hip hop group from Columbus , Ohio . It consists of producer RJD2 and rappers Copywrite , Tage Future , and Jakki Da Motamouth . Camu Tao was also a member until their death in 2008 . It was described by HipHopDX as `` one of the city 's most influential groups '' .
History
In 1997 , MHz was formed in Columbus , Ohio . In 1998 , the group released the debut single , `` World Premier '' , which would be later praised by Complex as `` one of the best and most underrated 12 '' cuts from Fondle Em Records ' impeccable catalog '' . Fact placed the single at number 95 on the `` 100 Best Indie Hip-Hop Records of All Time '' list in 2015 .
In 2001 , MHz released a compilation album entitled Table Scraps , which was described by AllMusic as `` one of the quintessential of the Cowtown releases '' .
In 2011 , three years after the death of Camu Tao , MHz ended the hiatus and changed the name to MHz Legacy . The first studio album , MHz Legacy , was released on Man Bites Dog Records in 2012 . It featured guest appearances from Danny Brown , Ill Bill , Slaine , Blu , and Slug . Production was handled by RJD2 as well as Harry Fraud , Marco Polo , and J. Rawls . Columbus Alive called it `` a record that sounds distinctly like MHz , updated for 2012 without compromising the group 's hardscrabble , battle-born identity '' .
Discography
Studio albums
MHz Legacy ( 2012 )
Compilation albums
Table Scraps ( 2001 )
Singles
`` World Premier '' ( 1998 )
`` Rocket Science '' ( 1999 )
Guest appearances
RJD2 - `` Counseling '' ( 2002 )
Copywrite - `` Union Rights '' from God Save the King ( 2012 )
References
External links
Alternative hip hop groups
American hip hop groups
Musical groups from Columbus , Ohio
Get Lucky is the eleventh studio album by Australian group , Little River Band , released in April 1990 , the album peaked at number 54 on the Australian ARIA Charts .
Track listing
`` If I Get Lucky '' ( Mike Chapman ) - 4:12
`` There 's Not Another You '' ( Graham Goble ) - 3:49
`` Second Wind '' ( Dennis Lambert , Pam Reswick , Steve Werfel ) - 4:14
`` Every Time I Turn Around '' ( Peter Beckett , Lambert ) - 4:35
`` I Dream Alone '' ( Derek Pellicci , Glenn Shorrock ) - 4:50
`` Time and Eternity '' ( Goble ) - 4:08
`` Two Emotions '' ( Goble ) - 4:28
`` As Long as I 'm Alive '' ( Goble , Matthew Nelson , Gunnar Nelson ) - 4:35
`` The One That Got Away '' ( Lambert , Wayne Nelson , Claude Gaudette ) - 3:56
`` Listen to Your Heart '' ( Tom Kelly , Billy Steinberg ) - 4:51
Personnel
Glenn Shorrock – lead vocals ( tracks 1-6 , 10 )
Graham Goble – rhythm guitar , backing vocals
Derek Pellicci – drums
Stephen Housden – lead guitar
Wayne Nelson – bass , backing vocals ; lead vocals ( tracks 7-9 )
Additional Personnel
Claude Gaudette – keyboards , programming
Dennis Lambert – keyboards , programming
Jamie Paddle – keyboards , programming
John Robinson – additional drums
Charts
References
1990 albums
Little River Band albums
MCA Records albums
The Squier Venus ( commonly known as Fender Vista Venus ) is a signature series guitar released in 1997 and co-designed by Courtney Love in conjunction with Fender 's Squier brand , under the Vista series . At the time of its release , Love and Bonnie Raitt were the only two female musicians to have their own signature series of guitars .
Its shape was based on Mercury , Stratocaster and Rickenbacker solid-body guitars . It was released in two configurations , six or twelve string ( the Venus XII ) . Colors available included black , sunburst and surf green . Surf green was named after paint code # 57 ( surf green ) from Chevrolet c. 1957 . Upon its original release , the Venus retailed for US $ 699.99 and the Venus XII for $ 999.99 . It was discontinued at the end of 1998 . Shirley Manson from Garbage played a custom pink Squier Venus live .
Ryan Jarman from UK band The Cribs , a friend of Love 's , used the surf green version of the guitar as their main instrument between 2011 and 2015 .
Controversy
A man named Tim George of the short-lived Mercury Guitar Company ( of Atlanta , GA ) has claimed to be the actual designer of the guitar , along with their company co-founder Danny Babbitt . According to George , Babbitt snuck backstage at a Nirvana concert in Atlanta in November 1993 and sold the original custom metallic-green Mercury guitar on which the Venus design was eventually based to Love . Love played this guitar in public extensively over the next several years , and it is the guitar they played in the music video for Hole 's song Violet . The 6-string Venus model is virtually identical to Love 's Mercury guitar , except with a Fender Stratocaster-like headstock .
Product dating
The Venus has a one-letter , six-digit serial number printed on the neck of the guitar . Serial numbers beginning with the letter V were manufactured in 1997 . Serial numbers beginning with the letter A were manufactured between 1997 and 1998 .
References
Fender electric guitars
Au clair de la Lune ou Pierrot malheureux , sold in the United States as A Moonlight Serenade , or the Miser Punished and in Britain as Pierrot and the Moon , is a 1903 French short silent film by Georges Méliès . It was sold by Méliès 's Star Film Company and is numbered 538–539 in its catalogues .
Méliès plays the miser in their film , one of several of theirs in which the Moon plays a large part . As in their The Astronomer 's Dream ( 1898 ) , A Trip to the Moon ( 1902 ) , and The Dream of an Opium Fiend ( 1908 ) , the Moon appears in two personifications : the clownlike face of the Man in the Moon , and the classical Moon goddess Phoebe , in that order .
The character of Pierrot had previously appeared in Méliès 's Dislocation Extraordinary ( 1901 ) , where they were played by André Deed . The Pierrot in A Moonlight Serenade has the same costume and appearance as Deed 's version , though the actor is unidentified . The film 's special effects were created with stage machinery ( including horizontally rolling scenery ) , an extreme closeup , substitution splices , multiple exposures , and dissolves .
References
External links
French black-and-white films
Films directed by Georges Méliès
French silent short films
Brian Gordon Evans ( born 23 May 1964 , in Preston , Lancashire , England , United Kingdom ) is an English cricketer . They were educated at St Chad 's College , Durham University . They captained the Durham University XI ( 1985 ) and was a member of the university squad 1984–1990 . They played for Hertfordshire from 1983–1991 as a right-hand batsman , appearing in four `` List A '' one-day matches . They also played for Middlesex and Gloucestershire ( 2nd XIs ) .
References
Cricinfo profile
1964 births
Living people
English cricketers
Alumni of St Chad 's College , Durham
Hertfordshire cricketers
Grevillea obtecta , commonly known as Fryerstown grevillea , Elphinstone grevillea or Taradale grevillea , is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to Victoria in Australia . It is a prostrate , clumping or straggling shrub with pinnatifid , pinnatipartite or toothed leaves , and toothbrush-like clusters of light green to yellowish and purplish to black flowers with a dull yellow to pink style .
Description
Grevillea obtecta is a prostrate , clumping or straggling shrub that typically grows up to high , wide and has shaggy- to woolly-hairy branchlets . The leaves are usually egg-shaped to oblong in outline , long , wide and pinatifid or pinnatipartite with 2 to 21 lobes , or toothed , the end lobes or teeth triangular to narrowly egg-shaped and sometimes sharply-pointed , long and wide . The flowers are arranged in toothbrush-like clusters on a rachis long and are light green to yellowish on the outside and purplish to black inside with a dull yellow to pink style , the pistil long . Flowering occurs from August to November and the fruit is a silky-hairy follicle long .
Taxonomy
Grevillea obtecta was first formally described in 1985 by Bill Molyneux in the journal Muelleria from specimens collected near Taradale in 1977 . The specific epithet ( obtecta ) means `` covered over '' or `` protected '' , referring to the large bracts that cover and protect the immature flowers .
Distribution and habitat
Fryerstown grevillea occurs in dry sclerophyll forest between Fryerstown and the north of Daylesford . It is found on the south faces of gravelly slopes .
Conservation status
This species is listed as `` endangered '' under the Victorian Government Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988 and as `` Rare in Victoria '' on the Department of Sustainability and Environment 's Advisory List of Rare Or Threatened Plants In Victoria .
References
External links
Herbarium specimen at Royal Botanic Gardens Kew
obtecta
Flora of Victoria ( Australia )
Proteales of Australia
Plants described in 1985
Bale may be :
Akar-Bale language ( India : Andaman Islands )
Balesi language ( Ethiopia )
Bernau Castle is a ruined castle in the municipality of Leibstadt in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland . It was mostly destroyed in a fire in July 1844 leaving only a few ruined walls still visible .
History
Bernau Castle and the nearby village of Bernau probably date back to the 11th century , though the earliest mention of Bernowa is in 1157 . The noblemen Ulrich and Berchthold of Bernau appear in a document in 1299 . In the 13th century it was inherited by the Gutenburg family and in 1379 it passed to the lords of Rinach . The Bernau estates included the high and low courts for Leibstadt , Gansingen and Schwaderloch .
After the Old Swiss Confederacy conquered the Aargau in 1415 , Leibstadt sat on the border between the Swiss County of Baden and the Austrian district of Laufenburg . Following the peace treaty , the border ran through the bergfried of Bernau Castle and the owners served two masters . On 1 March 1499 , during the Swabian War , the castle and town were attacked and burned . The castle and town were rebuilt soon thereafter .
The lords of Rinach sold Bernau in the 16th century to the Rotberg family . They in turn sold it in the early 1620s to the von Roll family from Uri . While the owner of the castle , Franz Ludwig von Roll became an Austrian baron on 26 February 1624 . Franz Ludwig expanded the old castle building with a new four story single-wing residence with an attached staircase tower .
In 1764 , the Baron Joseph Leopold von Roll von Bernau sunk their fortune into the production of fustian cloth . After the business failed they became insolvent . When their creditors attempted to sue them in Waldshut the bailiff determined that the living quarters of the Baron in Bernau Castle were actually in Swiss territory and that they should contact the bailiff in Baden .
During a typhus epidemic in 1814 Bernau Castle was used as a military hospital . After the epidemic it was sold and passed through several owners until it was divided up into apartments . Then , in 1844 , the castle was destroyed in a fire . Today only the portions of the walls of the main tower and the residence wing are still visible .
See also
List of castles and fortresses in Switzerland
References
Literature
Hermann Josef Welti : Zwei Ahnenproben aus der Loretto-Kapelle , der Ruhestätte der Herren von Roll zu Bernau , 1931
Hermann Josef Welti : Die Freiherren von Roll zu Bernau : Nach einem Vortrag , gehalten an der Jahresversammlung der Histor . Vereinigung Zurzach und Umgebung am 27 . März 1935 in Leibstadt , Im Eigenverlag , 1935 , 16 pages
Robert Hilgers ( Hrsg . ) : Ein dreistündiges Frühstück bei der Freifrau von Roll in : Die Deutschlandreise des Giovan Battista Nicolosi : erstmals aus seinem Handschriften herausgegeben , kommentiert und eingeleitet von Robert Hilgers . Schäuble , Rheinfelden/Berlin 1997 , . ( A letter from Baden 29 January 1646 , p . 120 . )
External links
Castles in Aargau
John T. Smith ( May 1801March 30 , 1864 ) was an American banker and politician who served as a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives for Pennsylvania 's 3rd congressional district from 1843 to 1845 .
Early life and education
Smith was born in Carlisle , Pennsylvania in 1801 , and educated locally .
Career
They resided in the Philadelphia area , where they were active in banking as an officer and member of the board of directors at the Kensington Bank , of which they were President from 1854 to 1863 . In addition , they were a member of the Board of Trustees at the Manufacturers ' and Mechanics ' Beneficial Savings Institution in Philadelphia 's Northern Liberties district .
A Democrat , Smith was elected to the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania 's 3rd District in 1842 , and they served one term , March 4 , 1843 to March 3 , 1845 .
Smith served for several years on the Board of Commissioners for Northern Liberties ( now part of Philadelphia ) , and was the board 's President from 1840 to 1843 and 1846 to 1849 . In addition , they served in appointive positions including Inspector of the Philadelphia County Prison .
Notes
References
The Political Graveyard
John T. Smith elected President of the Kensington Bank in The Bankers ' Magazine , and Statistical Register , Volume 8 , Part 2 , January 1854
John T. Smith , Member of the Board of Directors of the Kensington Bank in McElroy 's Philadelphia City Directory
John T. Smith , member of the Board of Trustees of the Manufacturers ' and Mechanics ' Beneficial Savings Institution in McElroy 's Philadelphia City Directory
John T. Smith in Annual Report of the Inspectors of the Philadelphia County Prison , Volume 8 , 1855-1866
1801 births
1864 deaths
19th-century American politicians
American bank presidents
Burials at Laurel Hill Cemetery ( Philadelphia )
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
People from Carlisle , Pennsylvania
Politicians from Philadelphia
19th-century American businesspeople
Abraham is a 2015 Afrikaans-language South African drama film written and directed by Jans Rautenbach . It was Rautenbach 's last film before their death . Abraham was released on 16 October 2015 in South Africa .
Premise
A gifted sculptor living in poverty in a 1980s rural Kannaland tries to exploit their profession to earn enough money to feed their family .
Cast
D.J . Mouton as Abraham
as Jans
Franci Swanepoel as Almeri
Chantell Phillipus as Katie
Jill Levenberg as Beulah
Frans Lucas as Dirk
Reception
The film received critical praise .
Daniel Dercksen , writing for The Writing Studio , praised the film , saying : `` Abraham is a profound and consummate masterwork . ''
See also
List of South African films
References
External links
2015 films
Films directed by Jans Rautenbach
2015 drama films
South African drama films
Lakekamu-Tauri Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Gulf Province , Papua New Guinea .
Wards
01 . Ipihia/Titikaini
02 . Wanto
03 . Kakiva
04 . Putei
05 . Kakoro
06 . Okaivai
07 . Heavala
08 . Heatoare
83 . Malalaua Urban
References
Local-level governments of Gulf Province
Jack Epps may refer to :
Jack Epps ( American football ) ( born 1963 ) , former professional American football player
Jack Epps Jr. ( born 1949 ) , American screenwriter , co-writer of Top Gun
See also
John Epps ( 1805–1869 ) , English physician , phrenologist , homeopath and political activist
Splats ( ) is a fanzine with comics . It is sold mainly within Patras as well as other cities . The volume does not number ant its stories are entirely humoristic . It has sold several volumes .
See also
List of newspapers in Greece
References
'' The first version of the article is translated and is based from the article at the Greek Wikipedia ( el : Main Page )
Fanzines
Mass media in Patras
Alexandra Bryant Hubbard Morton is best known for their 30-year study of wild killer whales in the Broughton Archipelago in British Columbia . Since the 1990s , their work has shifted toward the study of the impact of salmon farming on Canadian wild salmon .
Early life and education
Alexandra Bryant Hubbard was born on July 13 , 1957 , in Sharon , Connecticut . In their memoir , Listening to Whales , they said of their birthplace , `` I ca n't imagine a more whaleless environment . '' Them father was an artist and their mother was writer Barbara Marx Hubbard . Them maternal grandfather was toy maker Louis Marx . Hubbard said that their passion for animals came from the time when they would explore the woods with their brother .
In 1977 , Morton started working with psychonaut John C. Lilly as a volunteer in the Human/Dolphin Society . They catalogued 2,000 audio recordings of bottlenose dolphins . They then graduated with a diploma from the American University .
Study of captive orcas
While in California , Morton studied the communications of dolphins at Marineland of the Pacific in Palos Verdes . When they realized there were too many individuals in the tanks and that bottlenose dolphins were too quick to record their behaviour , Morton decided to shift their study towards Marineland 's pair of killer whales , Orky and Corky , whom they had previously called `` boring '' because they spent long periods of time floating at the surface while calling back and forth to each other . Morton observed the pair when the female gave birth to the first orca conceived in captivity . They were interested in studying how baby orcas acquired new language . However , the calf died and none of Corky 's other babies survived more than 45 days . Following the passing of each of the calves Morton recorded from Corky a behaviour that closely resembled mourning . The young mother lay on the bottom of the tank repeating the same calls over and over , stopping only to gulp another breath of air . The calls became raspy as the whale vocalized day and night . Morton also discovered that orcas invented games to distract themselves . One , the `` Double Layout '' , consisted in Orky and Corky lying on their backs , putting their flukes on the platform next to the tank and raising their right flipper simultaneously . The most interesting behavior was the dawn greeting where both whales pressed their tongues against the tank wall where the first shaft of sunlight hit .
Arrival in British Columbia
In 1979 , Morton contacted pioneering killer whale researcher Michael Bigg who told them Corky and Orky had come from A5 Pod in northwestern British Columbia . They knew this from photographs of their capture as they could see the terrified young Corky pressed against the side of their mother . Dr. Bigg had photos of Corky 's mother and their sisters and they knew they visited Johnstone Strait every summer near Alert Bay , British Columbia . Morton spent their summer there and found A5 pod as well as other killer whale families . The next summer , they returned to British Columbia and met Robin Morton . Alexandra Morton then permanently shifted their study to wild killer whales . Morton and their husband moved onto a boat so that they could easily follow whales . To support their work , Morton and their husband rented out their boat for tourists and researchers . In 1984 , while following the A12 matriline in Northeastern Vancouver Island , Morton came across the village of Echo Bay , British Columbia , in the Broughton Archipelago . They and their husband decided to settle there to pursue their study of wild killer whales .
Killer whale research
Photo-identification
In 1973 , Michael Bigg developed a pioneering photo identification system consisting of photographing the dorsal fin and saddle patch of each killer whale encountered in Pacific Northwest waters . Starting in 1975 , Bigg and their colleagues began assembling catalogues containing the genealogical tree of every killer whale family in British Columbia and an ID photo of each orca . Since arriving in the Broughton Archipelago , Morton has been one of the main contributors to theses catalogues , providing ID photos of northern resident as well as of transient killer whales .
Transient killer whales
For many years , only resident killer whales were intensely studied , as their predictable behaviour and highly stable social structure enabled researchers to follow them easily over a whole summer . Transients , however , have erratic route patterns which make them difficult to study . However , the Broughton Archipelago where Morton lived was frequented by many transient groups and since the mid eighties , Morton has been conducting the study of this little known community . One of their main findings has been that the differences in feeding habits between residents and transients lead each community to different lifestyles and behaviours . Transients , now named Biggs whales , eat only warm-blooded prey while residents eat only fish . They noted that transients , unlike residents , are mostly silent . As their mammalian prey have very good hearing , vocalizing could alert them of the predators approaching . Moreover , the seals and sea lions ' good eyesight and their ability to teach their offspring make it imperative for transients to swim as stealthily as possible , thus explaining the transients ' longer dives than residents and their habit of hiding their breath and clicks ( used for echolocation ) among other noises present in the sea . One transient Morton knew well used to hide behind their boat to avoid being detected by potential prey . In 1987 , Morton expanded their study to pacific white-sided dolphins which had come back to the archipelago three years prior . In 2010 they won the Women of Discovery Sea Award .
Raincoast Research Society
In 1981 , Morton founded Lore Quest ( renamed Raincoast Research Society ) . Its original purpose was , according to its website , to `` conduct year-round research on the acoustics of the orca of the British Columbia coast '' . Over the years , Raincoast Research has also been involved in making identification catalogues of the Pacific-White-Sided Dolphin population in British Columbia . Following the expansion of the salmon farming industry in the Broughton Archipelago , Raincoast Research Society has been a leader in studies on the impact of salmon farming and has provided support for a number of field workers and scientists interested in this subject .
Through Raincoast Research Society Morton has published extensively on the impact of sea lice from salmon farms on wild salmon . In 2011 , Morton began the controversial work of tracking three European salmon farm virus in British Columbia , Canada , publishing in 2013 on the piscine reovirus .
Salmon research and activism
Net-pen salmon farms arrived in British Columbia in the 1970s but began to proliferate by the late 1980s . By 2000 , 90 % of salmon farms in the province were Norwegian owned and contained Atlantic salmon . Since then , the salmon farming industry has grown , notably in the Broughton Archipelago . In the mid-2000s corporate giant Mitsubishi bought Cermaq , a company operating many salmon farms in BC .
Morton began to study the effects salmon farming brings to the coast of British Columbia , particularly to wild salmon populations , which experienced major declines in the years following the introduction of salmon farms in the area .
On May 12 , 2015 , Morton , as Director of Pacific Coast Wild Salmon Society , released a 24-page booklet , Salmon Confidential : The ugly truth about Canada 's open-net salmon farms . The booklet makes the case that the wild-salmon-focused economy of British Columbia far outweighs the contributions of salmon farms . The booklet explores the issues of sea lice , impacts on lobster fisheries , challenges to bio-security , salmon viruses , exotic species , and the local economy . Director Twyla Roscovich 's film of the same name and topic , Salmon Confidential , won the Best Canadian Environmental Documentary Award at the 2013 Vancouver International Film Festival , . The film also had 1,517,446 views by May 8 , 3013 on YouTube . It was also licensed by The Green Channel in 2018
In the spring of 2010 , Morton helped found the social movement Salmon Are Sacred to raise awareness of the value of salmon to society .
In Dec 2020 , Morton 's research contributed to a decision by Canada 's federal fisheries and oceans department to phase out all salmon farms in the narrow passages between Vancouver Island and the mainland , as their diseases were found to be decimating the native wild Pacific salmon with sea lice and viruses .
Petitions
Morton initiated two petitions , one called `` Refuse to expand the salmon farming industry in BC '' , the other called `` Divest Dirty Salmon '' . The first is to ask the Canadian government to stop allowing the expansion of salmon farms in British Columbia . The second is the ask Norwegian government to divest from salmon farming .
Lawsuits
In May 2013 , Ecojustice lawyers , on behalf of Alexandra Morton , filed a lawsuit in Federal Court against the Minister of Fisheries and Oceans Canada ( DFO ) and Marine Harvest Canada Inc . The lawsuit was filed after learning that fish later confirmed to be infected with the piscine reovirus ( PRV ) had been transferred into an open-pen fish farm operated by Marine Harvest in Shelter Bay , BC . On May 6 , 2015 , the Court sided with Morton and struck down aquaculture licence conditions that allowed private companies to transfer fish infected with viruses to open-pen farms in the ocean .
Electoral politics
Morton ran as a candidate of the Green Party of British Columbia in the Oct 24 , 2020 provincial general election , coming in third , with 19.26 % of the vote .
Publications
Books
1998 `` Heart of the Raincoast . '' ( with Billy Proctor ) . Horsdal and Schubart , Victoria .
2002 `` Listening to Whales : What the Orcas have taught Us . '' Ballantine Books .
2004 `` Beyond the Whales : The Photographs and Passions of Alexandra Morton . '' Heritage House Publishing , Victoria .
2021 `` Not on My Watch : How a Renegade Whale Biologist Took on Governments and Industry to Save Wild Salmon . '' Random House Canada .
Children 's books
1991 `` Siwiti : A Whale 's Story . '' Orca Books , Victoria .
1993 `` In the Company of Whales , from the Diary of a Whale Watcher . '' Orca Books Victoria .
See also
A4 Pod
A5 Pod
List of Northern Resident Killer Whale Pods
References
External links
Official website
Raincoast Research Society
Canadian marine biologists
Scientists from British Columbia
Canadian environmentalists
Canadian women environmentalists
Living people
1957 births
American University alumni
Scientists from Connecticut
20th-century Canadian biologists
21st-century Canadian biologists
20th-century American biologists
21st-century American biologists
People from Lakeville , Connecticut
Canadian women biologists
20th-century American women scientists
21st-century American women scientists
20th-century Canadian women scientists
21st-century Canadian women scientists
American marine biologists
American women biologists
Joseph Weld was Archdeacon of Ross from 1777 to their death in 1781 .
Rickard was born in Dublin and educated at Trinity College there . They held livings at Tullagh , Creagh , Caheragh and Dromdaleague . They were Treasurer of Cork Cathedral from 1775 to 1776 .
References
Archdeacons of Ross , Ireland
1781 deaths
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
Christian clergy from Dublin ( city )
Year of birth missing
Marcus Augustine Conant ( born May 11 , 1936 , in Jacksonville , Florida ) is an American dermatologist and one of the first physicians to diagnose and treat Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome ( AIDS ) in 1981 . They helped create one of the largest private AIDS clinics , was a founder of the San Francisco AIDS Foundation , and their work contributed to development of some of today 's top HIV medications . They have written over 70 publications on the treatment of AIDS .
Conant graduated from Duke University in 1957 with a B.S . in Zoology . In 1961 , Conant graduated from Duke University College of Medicine and interned at Duke University Medical Center . Conant served in the United States Air Force as a flight surgeon , on active duty from 1962 to 1964 , and continuing as a reservist until 1967 .
In 1964 , Conant joined the University of California San Francisco Medical Center as a dermatology resident . In 1967 , they received their first academic appointment , as an instructor in clinical dermatology . Over the years , Conant rose up the academic ladder , and in 1984 , they were appointed clinical professor of dermatology .
While they were an associate professor at UCSF , Conant first identified Kaposi 's Sarcoma and AIDS in patients , including early AIDS activist Bobbi Campbell .
They were the lead plaintiff in judicial decision protecting the First Amendment right of physicians to recommend the use of medical marijuana to people living with HIV and AIDS .
In 2010 , Conant closed their practice and moved to New York , citing rising costs and difficulties in dealing with health insurance companies . They stated , `` I 'm sorry to have to leave my patients , and a lot of them are sorry I had to leave , but it 's time . This is only symptomatic of a much bigger problem we have in this country with health care . '' They continue to consult with researchers on a reported association of a virus with chronic fatigue syndrome and autism .
References
External links
Curriculum vitae at Conant Foundation
Oral Histories on the AIDS Epidemic in San Francisco , from UC Berkeley
Living people
American dermatologists
1936 births
HIV/AIDS researchers
University of California , San Francisco faculty
Porin Palloilijat or FC PoPa is a Finnish football club , based in the city of Pori in Finland . The club currently plays in the Ykkönen ( First Division ) , the second highest level of Finnish football . The club was established in 1925 but did not operate between 1960 and 1981 . It has been the leading football team in Pori since FC Jazz went bankrupt in early 2005 .
History
Porin Palloilijat is the oldest team sports club in Pori being over 85 years old . Bror Weckström had the original idea of forming a new team in Pori and on 16 April 1925 the first meeting of PoPa was held in the café at Pori Theatre .
It was decided to form a team called Porin Palloilijat and to make football and bandy as their main focus . The first Committee members were Erkki Laitinen , J. Kari , Bror Weckström , O. Huhtanen , A. Forsberg and H. Lingvist . In May 1925 the constitution and rules for the clubwere prepared and the team was registered on 13 May 1925 . They also included ice-hockey , women 's basketball and ice-skating within the club 's featured programme . The first chairperson was Erkki Laitinen and they were later followed by Veikko Laitinen .
PoPa played their first games at Liisantori and then later at Tiilimäki before moving in 1929 to the football and ice-hockey field at Juhannuslehto . The club later moved to the Herralahti football ground .
PoPa had a rich early history playing 10 seasons in the Suomisarjaa ( Finland League ) which at that time was the second tier of Finnish football in 1937–39 and 1945–51 .
They have had three periods covering 7 seasons in the Kakkonen ( Second Division ) , the third tier of Finnish football in 1989 , 2002–03 and 2005–08 .
FC PoPa Oy have taken over the responsibility for the sport and financial operation of the principal team since 2007 . In season 2007 PoPa played in the Kakkonen ( Second Division ) in the Western Group , reaching second place just one point short of promotion to the Ykkönen ( First Division ) . In 2008 the team went one better winning the Western Group of Second Division in a crushing manner and were promoted to the Ykkönen for 2009 .
The club maintained their rapid progress in 2009 by finishing 4th in the Ykkönen and are well on target of bringing Veikkausliiga football back to Pori . The key people behind the initiative are Antti Sumiala ( sport and managing director ) , Rami Nieminen ( manager / marketing executive ) , Pertti Lundell ( coach ) and Risto Puustinen ( coach ) .
From the beginning , the focal point of new Executive Board has been raising the football in Pori and Satakunta back to the top level in Finland . The strategy of FC PoPa is to play attacking and entertaining football , to develop young , talented players for the use of FC PoPa and to sell the most talented players to the foreign professional clubs .
Divisional Movements since 1930
Second Level ( 12 seasons ) : 1937–39 , 1945–51 , 2009–present day
Third Level ( 7 seasons ) : 1989 , 2002–03 , 2005–08
Season to season
Club Structure
PoPa currently has 1 men 's team . There is also a futsal team that plays in the Second Division . The club runs one junior football team .
2010 season
PoPa are competing in the Ykkönen ( First Division ) administered by the Football Association of Finland ( Suomen Palloliitto ) . This is the second tier of the Finnish football system . In 2009 the team finished fourth position in the Ykkönen .
References and sources
Official Website
General Website
Finnish Wikipedia
Suomen Cup
Porin Palloilijat Facebook
Unofficial Supporter Site
Footnotes
PoPa
Sport in Pori
1925 establishments in Finland
Association football clubs established in 1925
Bandy clubs established in 1925
Sport in Satakunta
Senator Elkins may refer to :
Davis Elkins ( 1876–1959 ) , U.S . Senator from West Virginia .
Luther Elkins ( 1809–1887 ) , Oregon State Senate
Stephen Benton Elkins ( 1841–1911 ) , U.S . Senator from West Virginia
Haridwar Legislative Assembly constituency is one of the seventy electoral Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly constituencies of Uttarakhand state in India . It includes Haridwar City area .
Laksar Legislative Assembly constituency is a part of Haridwar ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Members of Legislative Assembly
Election results
2022
References
External link
http : //www.empoweringindia.org/new/searching.aspx ? value=Hardwar & type=2
Haridwar
Assembly constituencies of Uttarakhand
The Alexander M. Bracken Library is the main library on the campus of Ball State University in Muncie , Indiana . Opened in September 1975 and designed by Walter Scholer and Associates and the Perkins and Will Partnership of Chicago , the 320,000-square-foot facility is located in the geographic center of the Ball State University campus and is distinguishable for its unique , Brutalist architecture .
The main collection of Ball State 's University Libraries , the Bracken Library holds a collection of over of 1.5 million print volumes , over 2,900 periodical subscriptions , over 1 million microforms , nearly 98,000 government documents , and over 120,000 maps as well as audiovisual materials , music scores , and archival resources . In addition , Bracken Library visitors have online access to scholarly literature , learning objects , and primary sources though over 65 electronic research databases including the Digital Media Repository and Cardinal Scholar Institutional Repository which provide access to digitized archival resources and Ball State scholarly works . On average , the library receives more than 4,500 visitors per day to access collections materials , participate in instruction sessions and consultations , and use technology resources .
The library is named for Alexander M. Bracken , Muncie lawyer and philanthropist who served as a member of the State Teachers College Board and the Ball State University Board of Trustees from 1954 to 1980 who “ was instrumental in Ball State 's rapid growth in the decades following World War II . ”
A casting of Albin Polasek 's Forest Idyll is displayed on the first floor lobby of Bracken Library . The sculpture serves as a popular meeting place for students and is colloquially referred to as `` The Naked Lady . ''
History
On May 24 , 1972 , ground was broken on the new library building and on February 20 , 1974 , the Ball State University Board of Trustees voted unanimously to name the new library for Alexander M. Bracken to honor their years of service to Ball State University . During August 1975 , moving crews transported over 700,000 books and thousands of periodicals , government documents , and other resources to Bracken Library from what is now the North Quadrangle Building , the previous home to the library 's collections .
On September 9 , 1975 , Bracken Library first opened to patrons . On March 26 , 1976 , Bracken Library was formally dedicated ; Stephen K. Bailey , vice president of the American Council on Education , gave the principal address at the ceremony . Ball State University Special Collections and the John Steinbeck Collection were also dedicated on that day in a special ceremony attended by Elaine Steinbeck , widow of John Steinbeck , and Elizabeth R. Otis , Steinbeck 's literary agent .
On May 14 , 1977 , the Friends of the Alexander M. Bracken Library was organized to generate financial support and goodwill for Ball State University Libraries .
In 1987 , Bracken Library patrons first gained access to the University 's automated card catalog and circulation system .
In 2001 , films and videos on DVD first became available for checking to Bracken Library patrons , and in 2003 , laptops , projectors , and digital cameras became available for borrowing .
The Helen B. and Martin D. Schwartz Special Collections and Digital Complex in Bracken Library was dedicated on August 17 , 2009 . The collaborative and interactive learning and teaching space accommodates instruction , research , and programming activities at Bracken Library .
Resources
Archives and Special Collections
Ball State University Archives & Special Collections collects , preserves , and provides access to records of Ball State University 's history , archival collections documenting Muncie and Delaware County history in the Stoeckel Archives of Local History , a collection of research materials on Muncie as Middletown , rare books and literary manuscripts , and special collections .
Prominent collections in Archives & Special Collections include the papers of Parliamentarian and Nobel Peace Prize winner Sir Norman Angell and the papers of former United States Congressman Philip Sharp .
Archives & Special Collections also houses over 1,000 volumes and 25 cubic feet of manuscript material documenting the work and career of author John Steinbeck .
Educational Technology and Resources Collection
Educational Technology and Resources provides patrons access to resources to support teaching and instruction including digital equipment and technology , DVDs , audiobooks , textbooks , youth books , and classroom teaching materials . Digital equipment circulated by the department includes laptops , digital cameras , portable hard drives , microphones , and chargers and cables .
GIS Research and Map Collection
The GIS Research and Map Collection offers access to the GIS software and to online GIS tutorials , datasets , online mapping applications , and in-house GIS data . The collection also offers access to a traditional map collection that includes and has available for circulation over 145,000 maps , atlases , charts , gazetteers , and other cartographic resources .
Music collection
The music collection contains musical scores , books on music and music recordings , with more than 17,000 CDs in a wide variety of genres as well as a collection of music reference materials . The collection also provides access to Finale 2014 music notation software that facilitates the arranging and composing of music .
Related resources and collections
In addition to materials housed in Bracken Library , the Ball State University Libraries also provide patrons access to materials in the Architecture Library , the Drawings and Documents Archive , and the Science-Health Science Library .
Architecture Library
Housed in Ball State University 's Architecture Building , the Architecture Library provides access to 27,000 books , over 100 periodical subscriptions , and nearly 300 audio visual resources on the subjects of architecture , landscape architecture , urban planning , and historic preservation . The Architecture Library also includes the Visual Resources Collection that provides access to collections of architecture images and building material samples .
Drawings and Documents Archive
A collecting area of Archives & Special Collections housed in Ball State University 's Architecture Building , the Drawings and Documents Archive document 's the history of Indiana 's built environment . Available through this collection are over 120,000 architectural drawings , landscape plans , photographs , models , and other architectural records .
Included in the collection are archival records from the Pierre & Wright architectural firm , the Vonnegut & Bohn architectural firm , and prominent African American architect Edwin A. Gibson .
Science-Health Science Library
Located in Ball State University 's Cooper Science Complex , the Science-Health Science Library provides access to a collection of reference and circulating books in the areas of chemistry , physics , geology , nursing , biology , and physiology . Patrons of this library also have access to over 80 scientific journal titles as well as teaching materials and audio-visual resources .
References
External links
Ball State University Libraries
Historic photographs of Bracken Library from the Ball State University Digital Media Repository
Library buildings completed in 1975
Ball State University
Brutalist architecture in Indiana
Libraries in Indiana
Buildings and structures in Muncie , Indiana
University and college academic libraries in the United States
1975 establishments in Indiana
The 2016 Kazakhstan First Division was the 22nd edition of Kazakhstan First Division , the second level football competition in Kazakhstan .
Teams
Stadia and locations
Regular season
Regular season table
Regular season results
Championship round
Championship round table
Championship round results
Relegation round
Relegation round table
Relegation round results
Promotion play-offs
Altai Semey were promoted to the 2017 Kazakhstan Premier League ; Taraz were relegated to the 2017 Kazakhstan First Division .
External links
Professional Football League of Kazakhstan official website
Kazakhstan First Division seasons
2
Kazakhstan
Kazakhstan
Ronald Bacon ( born November 18 , 1946 ) is an American respiratory therapist who served as a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives . They were first elected in 2010 . Bacon previously served on the Warrick County Council and as Warwick County coroner .
References
External links
Legislative biography of Bacon
Ron Bacon at Vote Smart
Ron Bacon at Poll Vault
Living people
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Indiana Republicans
Place of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American politicians
1946 births
Lashio District ( ) is a district of Shan State in Myanmar . It consisted of four towns and 2431 villages in 2001 .
Townships
The district contains four townships , including :
Lashio Township
Hsenwi Township
Mongyai Township
Tangyan Township also spelled as Tangyang Township
Kunlong Township ( formerly part of Kunlong District )
At one point , Lashio District also included the following townships , which became now part of Hopang District . Therefore , they are no longer part of Lashio District since September 2011 .
Mongmao Township
Namphan Township also spelled as Naphan Township
Pangsang Township also spelled as Panhkam Township
Pangwaun Township also spelled as Panwai Township
References
Districts of Myanmar
Geography of Shan State
Ortenstein Castle is a castle in the municipality of Domleschg of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
The castle was built around 1250 on the bishop 's land near Tumegl/Tomils . It was built either by the Bishop of Chur or by their representative , the Lords of Vaz . The ecclesiastical farms in Tomils were given as a fief to the Vaz family in 1275 . The castle is first mentioned in 1309 as Ortenstain . In 1338 the castle fief was inherited by Ursula von Werdenberg after the extinction of the male heirs of Vaz . By the 14th century the ministerialis ( unfree knights in service to a higher noble ) family of Ortenstein held the castle for the Werdenberg-Sargans family . In the 15th century a number of nobles lived in Ortenstein . The castle was destroyed in 1451 during a war between the residents of the Schams valley and the Counts of Werdenberg-Sargans .
On 21 July 1452 the Counts and the League of God 's House signed a peace treaty . Unlike many of the castles which were damaged during the war and left in ruins , the counts were allowed to rebuild Ortenstein as long as they swore never to use it against the League . The new castle incorporated the main tower from the old , while the rest was new . The main gate was moved from the north-east side to the south and a large gatehouse tower was added . In 1455 the castle was given as collateral to Peter von Griffensee , followed by the Counts of Montfort in 1463 and the town of Glarus in 1471 . It remained the property of Count Georg von Werdenberg-Sargans until their death in 1505 . After 1505 it passed through a number of hands until 1527 when Ludwig Tschudi sold it and the rulership rights to the village of Tumegl/Tomils .
The following year Victor von Buhlen acquired the castle . The castle then came to the Travers family after Victor 's daughter married Jakob Travers . The Travers family was a wealthy patrician family and became one of the most powerful in the Three Leagues . The castle remained in the family for centuries and during the 18th century they rebuilt much of it . In 1846 the family fell into financial trouble and the castle was given to their creditors to settle some of their debts . In 1856 the creditors sold Ortenstein to Father Theodosius Florentini who hoped to turn it into a home for neglected children . The Father was unable to raise enough money and in 1860 sold it for 103,000 Swiss francs to Wolfgang von Juvalta . In 1893 it was inherited by the Tscharner family , who still own it today .
Castle site
The main tower of the castle is a seven-story residence tower that is and has walls that are up to thick . From the 15th century reconstruction only the wing north of the tower and the chapel on its third floor retain their original Gothic appearance . Between 1720 and 1740 it was extensively rebuilt . The west wing was extended , the gatehouse raised and a new east wing was added .
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Story of the castle with photos
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Domleschg
Radomir Radovan Šušnjar ( born 1955 in Bosnia and Herzegovina ) known as `` Lalco '' , is a convicted Bosnian Serb war criminal who took part in the Pionirska Street fire on 14 June 1992 which killed 59 people .
Bosnian War
Prior to the Bosnian War Susnjar worked in Višegrad as a delivery driver for a bakery .
During the Bosnian War Susnjar was accused of participating in the Pionirska Street fire which occurred on 14 June 1992 . The massacre was an ethnic cleansing of the Drina Valley by the Bosnian Serbs . Over 60 Bosniak women , children and elderly men , most of them from the village of Koritnik , were forced in a house on Pionirska Street , Višegrad by cousins Milan and Sredoje Lukić . They were locked into one room of the house , which was then set on fire . Milan Lukić was found to have thrown an explosive device into the room , setting the house ablaze . 59 of the occupants died .
Legal process
After months of investigation , Susnjar was arrested in France at the request of Bosnia and Herzegovina on 4 April 2014 . They were later released and placed under court surveillance .
On 7 January 2015 , French Appeals Court postponed its decision to extradite Susnjar until all requirements necessary for extradition were met . The court requested additional information and evidence regarding the events . Further information from the Bosnian authorities was requested on 3 June 2015 .
On 13 April 2016 the Appeals Court ruled in favor of extraditing Susnjar . Their counsel appealed the court 's decision .
In June 2018 , France extradited Susnjar to Bosnia to face charges for the war crimes which they allegedly took part .
On October 30 Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina sentenced them to 20 years in prison for a wartime massacre of 57 Bosniak civilians who were locked in a house and burned alive , including two children .
References
1955 births
Living people
Charles Clark Sholes ( January 8 , 1816 – October 5 , 1867 ) was a Wisconsin politician and newspaperman . They were the 8th Speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly and 2nd Mayor of Kenosha , Wisconsin . They also served in the Wisconsin State Senate . Their younger brother was Christopher Latham Sholes , the inventor of the typewriter .
Biography
Born in Norwich , Connecticut , to Orrin and Catherine Sholes , they worked for a time in Pennsylvania and learned printing . In 1836 , they moved to Green Bay , in the Wisconsin Territory and published their own paper , the Green Bay Wisconsin Democrat . They were also a publisher of the first newspaper in Madison , the Wisconsin Enquirer . While in Green Bay , they first entered politics , serving as a Democrat in the lower chamber of the Wisconsin Territorial Assembly during the first and second sessions ( 1837-1840 ) .
In 1840 , they moved their plant and paper to Kenosha , then known as `` Southport '' , and renamed the paper the Telegraph . In Kenosha , their brother Christopher Latham Sholes managed the paper , and eventually purchased the business from Charles .
In 1843 , they foreclosed a lien on the Wisconsin Enquirer and moved that company to Milwaukee , where the paper was renamed the Milwaukee Democrat . That same year , however , Sholes stopped production of that paper and began publishing a new paper called the American Freeman , affiliated with the abolitionist Liberty Party . Sholes was managing editor of that paper until 1846 .
In 1847 , Sholes returned to Kenosha and made their home there . They were elected Mayor of Kenosha , serving from 1852 to 1856 . And was elected as a Republican to represent Kenosha in the Wisconsin State Assembly for 1855 , they were also chosen as Speaker of the Assembly that year . Later that year , they were the Republican nominee for Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin , but was defeated by Democrat Arthur MacArthur , Sr. , who went on to briefly serve as Governor due to a controversy over election fraud in the gubernatorial election .
Along with Zalmon G. Simmons , they were the founder of the Wisconsin State Telegraph Company , and in 1855 they became president of that company .
Sholes returned to politics one more time in 1865 , earning election to the Wisconsin State Senate on the National Union Party ticket for the 1866 and 1867 sessions .
They died in 1867 , after the legislative session was over , but before the official expiration of their term as Senator .
They were married to Sarah Elizabeth McKinney . Together they had nine children , though only three lived to adulthood .
Notes
External links
1816 births
1867 deaths
Politicians from Norwich , Connecticut
Mayors of Kenosha , Wisconsin
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin state senators
Editors of Wisconsin newspapers
Journalists from Wisconsin
19th-century American newspaper founders
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
Speakers of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Members of the Wisconsin Territorial Legislature
Albert Christopher Addison ( 22 April 1862 – 24 May 1935 ) was an English writer born in 1862 in Northallerton , Yorkshire . In 1868 , their father Daniel Addison founded the Tamworth Herald newspaper .
Prison sentence
In September 1896 , Addison was sentenced to six months hard labour at the Old Bailey for forging and uttering an order for the payment of £2 5s. , with intent to defraud . They were also charged with stealing two spirit levels and other articles of Henry Robert Bicknell , their master .
Bibliography
Books
The Story of the Birkenhead 1902 published by the Gresham Press Unwin Brothers Ltd 27 Pilgrim Street London E C .
The Boston Guidebook 1923 published by Wing Boston Lincs .
The Ancient Guildhall : Extract from the `` Boston Guide Book '' 1930 published by Wing Boston Lincs .
Addison also wrote a book on the Lincolnshire Civil War Period but was never published due to the First World War .
References
External links
Online book The Romantic Story of the Mayflower Pilgrims 1911 .
A. C. Addison their life story “ Lincolnshire Standard and Boston Guardian ” 13 June 1931 Subscription required .
1862 births
1935 deaths
English historians
People from Northallerton
English male non-fiction writers
Mikko Holm ( 18 March 1890 – 17 March 1975 ) was a Finnish wrestler . They competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1890 births
1975 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sport wrestlers
People from Outokumpu
Sportspeople from North Karelia
The 2012 Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell ( also known as the Torneo Godó ) was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts . It was the 60th edition of the event and it was part of the ATP World Tour 500 series of the 2012 ATP World Tour . It took place at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain , from 23 April through 29 April 2010 . First-seeded Rafael Nadal won the singles title .
Points
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of April 16 , 2012
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw :
Iñigo Cervantes Huegun
Gerard Granollers
Filip Krajinović
Javier Martí
Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Aljaž Bedene
Sergei Bubka
Federico Delbonis
Robert Farah
David Goffin
Andrey Golubev
João Sousa
The following players received entry as lucky loser :
Arnau Brugués-Davi
Evgeny Donskoy
Stéphane Robert
Eduardo Schwank
Withdrawals
Thomaz Bellucci ( abdominal strain injury )
Tomáš Berdych ( right shoulder injury )
Juan Ignacio Chela ( achilles tendon injury )
Juan Mónaco ( ankle injury )
Radek Štěpánek ( stomach virus )
Retirements
Andreas Beck
Sergei Bubka
Kei Nishikori ( abdominal injury )
Doubles main draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of April 16 , 2012
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw :
Iñigo Cervantes Huegun / Gerard Granollers
Daniel Gimeno-Traver / Albert Montañés
Retirements
Bob Bryan ( viral illness )
Finals
Singles
Rafael Nadal defeated David Ferrer 7–6 ( 7–1 ) , 7–5
It was Nadal 's 48th title of their career and the 2nd of the season .
Doubles
Mariusz Fyrstenberg / Marcin Matkowski defeated Marcel Granollers / Marc López , 2–6 , 7–6 ( 9–7 ) , [ 10–8 ]
References
External links
2012
Barcelona Open Banco Sabadell
2012 in Catalan sport
Barcelona
William Mariner may refer to :
William Mariner ( VC ) ( 1882–1916 ) , English recipient of the Victoria Cross during the First World War
William Mariner ( writer ) ( 1791–1853 ) , Englishman who wrote of their experiences in the Polynesian island kingdom of Tonga
Scott Booth ( born 16 December 1971 ) is a Scottish football coach and former player , who is the head coach of Lewes in the Women 's Championship .
A forward by position , they began their playing career at Aberdeen as a teenager , before moving to Germany in 1997 to play for Borussia Dortmund . After a spell in the Netherlands with FC Twente ( as well as loans from Dortmund to FC Utrecht and Vitesse Arnhem ) , they returned to Aberdeen in 2003 , retiring a year later due to injury .
After their retirement as a player Booth became a coach , working with the Scotland youth teams . After a year as manager of Stenhousemuir they moved into women 's football , becoming manager of Glasgow City . Booth left this position in June 2021 to become manager of FA WSL club Birmingham City , but was sacked five months later . They were appointed by Lewes in May 2022 .
Club career
Aberdeen
Born in Aberdeen , Booth started their career at their hometown club Aberdeen , making their debut in 1990 aged 18 and emerging into the team alongside fellow youth graduate Eoin Jess .
Booth was part of the Aberdeen side that came close to winning the League title on the final day of the Scottish Premier League in the 1990–91 season , and achieved further league runners-up finishes in 1993 and 1994 , plus losing finals in the 1992–93 League Cup and Scottish Cup . They played in every game of the club 's Scottish League Cup campaign in 1995 until an injury ruled them out of the final , in which Aberdeen defeated Dundee 2–0 .
Germany , Netherlands and return
In summer 1997 , Booth left Pittodrie for a surprise move to Borussia Dortmund in Germany under the Bosman ruling . The success of fellow Scot Paul Lambert was perhaps one of the reasons behind the move ; nevertheless , they never really got an extended run with the then-European champions after the coach who brought them in – Ottmar Hitzfeld – moved to another role at the club , although they got a brief taste of Champions League football alongside the likes of Andreas Möller and Matthias Sammer , scoring against Sparta Prague . They are also notable for being the first Scot to win the Intercontinental Cup ( albeit as an unused substitute in the match against Cruzeiro ) .
Booth moved on loan to Dutch club FC Utrecht in 1998 , seeking more playing time to secure their place in the Scotland squad for the 1998 FIFA World Cup . A year later they moved to another Eredivisie side , Vitesse Arnhem , again on loan , and contributed to a strong season where the club only missed out on Champions League qualification by a goal difference of two .
They thereafter left Borussia Dortmund permanently , returning to the Netherlands to sign with FC Twente for a fee equivalent to £400,000 . They played there for four years and picked up a winner 's medal when Twente won the KNVB Cup in 2001 after a penalty shoot-out ( in which they scored ) in the final . In the following season they had to fight for their place , and was close to returning to Scotland to play under former manager Alex Smith ; they also made their last appearances in continental competition in the 2001–02 UEFA Cup .
Booth rejoined Aberdeen in the summer of 2003 . They were the club 's top scorer in the 2003–04 season , but was hit by injury . They retired from playing at the end of their contract in 2004 , aged 32 . Over their two spells they made 229 appearances in all competitions for Aberdeen , scoring 70 goals .
International career
Booth won 22 caps for Scotland , scoring six goals , and was a member of Scotland 's Euro 1996 and 1998 World Cup squads . They had previously played for the Under-21 team , and set a goalscoring record for the team .
Commentator
After retiring from football , Booth began a career in broadcasting . They worked as a match co-commentator and pundit for Setanta Sports until its UK broadcasting operation went into administration . They have also worked for STV , BBC Radio Scotland and ESPN . Booth scaled back these commitments when they were appointed as a national youth team coach by the Scottish Football Association .
Coaching career
Having gained a UEFA Pro Licence , Booth was appointed by the Scottish Football Association as Scotland under-15 and under-16 assistant manager in December 2011 , working under Mark Wotte .
They were appointed manager of Scottish League One club Stenhousemuir in February 2014 . On 1 February 2015 they were relieved of their duties with the club sitting just above the relegation positions in League One .
Glasgow City
Booth was appointed head coach of Scottish Women 's Premier League club Glasgow City in July 2015 , taking over from Eddie Wolecki Black .
The club won the ( summer seasonal ) League Championship in 2015 , 2016 and 2017 — taking their run of consecutive titles to 11 — and also lifted the Scottish Women 's Cup in November 2015 to clinch a fourth treble in a row , although defeats to main challengers Hibernian in the two cup finals of both 2016 and 2017 brought the treble sequences to an end .
Glasgow City won the SWPL again in 2018 , but they did not win either domestic cup and were heavily beaten by FC Barcelona Femení in the Champions League ; media observers suggested Booth may have reached the limit of what they could achieve at the club , with little hope of making an impact in Europe given the superior resources of the fully professional clubs from the leading nations , and any interruption to dominance in Scotland being viewed as failure .
In the 2019–20 UEFA Women 's Champions League Booth led Glasgow City to the quarter-final , their joint-best finish in Europe , before they succumbed to a heavy 9–1 defeat to eventual finalists Wolfsburg .
Booth left Glasgow City in June 2021 , having won six consecutive league championships with the club .
England
Booth became the manager of Women 's Super League club Birmingham City in June 2021 . They were sacked in November 2021 after five months in charge of Birmingham .
In May 2022 , they were appointed as head coach of Women 's Championship side Lewes .
Career statistics
Scores and results list Scotland 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Booth goal .
Managerial statistics
( end of 2018 season )
Honours
Player
Aberdeen
Scottish League Cup : 1995–96 , runner-up 1992–93
Scottish Premier Division : runner-up 1990–91 , 1992–93 , 1993–94
Scottish Cup : runner-up 1992–93
Borussia Dortmund
Intercontinental Cup : 1997
FC Twente
KNVB Cup : 2000–01
Scotland U21
UEFA under-21 Euros : Bronze 1992
Toulon Tournament : Bronze 1991
Coach
Scotland Youth
Victory Shield : 2013–14
Glasgow City
Scottish Women 's Premier League : 2015 , 2016 , 2017 , 2018 , 2019
Scottish Women 's Cup : 2015
References
External links
International profile at Sporting-Heroes.net
Twente profile at FC Twente-Files
Profile and stats at AFC Heritage Trust
1971 births
Living people
Footballers from Aberdeen
Scottish footballers
Aberdeen F.C . players
Borussia Dortmund players
FC Twente players
FC Utrecht players
SBV Vitesse players
Scotland international footballers
Scotland B international footballers
UEFA Euro 1996 players
1998 FIFA World Cup players
Scottish Premier League players
Scottish Football League players
Bundesliga players
Eredivisie players
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Scottish expatriate footballers
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
People educated at Oldmachar Academy
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Scottish football managers
Stenhousemuir F.C . managers
Scottish Professional Football League managers
Glasgow City F.C . managers
Scottish Women 's Premier League managers
Women 's Super League managers
Birmingham City W.F.C . managers
Adrian Collier ( born 1 November 1965 ) is a British sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s . They were eliminated in the repechages of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1965 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Great Britain
British male canoeists
The Ministry of Plantation Industries and Commodities ( MPIC ) ( ) , abbreviated MPIC , is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for plantation and commodities : palm oil , rubber , timber , furniture , cocoa , pepper , kenaf , tobacco .
Overview
The plantation and commodities sector , comprising oil palm , rubber , timber , cocoa , pepper and tobacco has contributed significantly to the country 's economic development for the50 years prior to 2012 . Since then , the sector has become one of Malaysia 's major exports earnings . Export values of these commodities and commodity-based products in 2012 was RM 127.5 billion , constituted 18.2 per cent of total export earnings .
In 2012 , Kementerian Perusahaan Perladangan dan Komoditi ( KPPK ) was rebranded to the Ministry of Plantation Industries and Commodities ( MPIC ) .
In 2018 , the name was changed again , to the Ministry of Primary Industries ( MPI ) .
In 2020 , MPI was renamed again to the Ministry of Plantation Industries and Commodities ( MPIC ) .
Organisation
Minister
Deputy Minister ( I )
Deputy Minister ( II )
Secretary-General
Legal Advisory
Internal Audit Unit
Corporate Communication Unit
Integrity Unit
Deputy Secretary-General ( Plantation and Commodities )
Palm Oil and Sago Industry Development Division
Timber , Tobacco and Kenaf Industries Development Division
Rubber and Jatropha Industry Development Division
Cocoa and Pepper Industry Development Division
Biofuel Division
Deputy Secretary General ( Strategic Planning and Management )
Strategic Planning and International Division
Innovation Promotion and Industrial Human Capital Division
Administration , Development and Financial Management Division
Human Resource Management Division
Information Management Division
Federal agencies
Malaysian Palm Oil Board ( MPOB ) , or Lembaga Minyak Sawit Malaysia . ( Official site )
Malaysian Rubber Board ( MRB ) , or Lembaga Getah Malaysia ( LGM ) . ( Official site )
Malaysian Timber Industry Board ( MTIB ) , or Lembaga Perindustrian Kayu Malaysia . ( Official site )
Malaysian Cocoa Board ( MCB ) , or Lembaga Koko Malaysia . ( Official site )
National Kenaf and Tobacco Board ( LKTN ) , or Lembaga Kenaf dan Tembakau Malaysia ( LKTN ) . ( Official site )
Malaysian Pepper Board ( MPB ) , or Lembaga Lada Malaysia . ( Official site )
Malaysian Palm Oil Certification Council ( MPOCC ) , or Majlis Persijilan Minyak Sawit Malaysia . ( Official site )
Malaysian Palm Oil Council ( MPOC ) , or Majlis Minyak Sawit Malaysia .
Malaysian Rubber Export Promotion Council ( MREPC ) , or Majlis Promosi Eksport Getah Malaysia . ( Official site )
Malaysian Timber Council ( MTC ) , or Majlis Kayu Malaysia . ( Official site )
Malaysian Timber Certification Council ( MTCC ) , or Majlis Persijilan Kayu Malaysia . ( Official site )
Key legislation
The Ministry of Plantation Industries and Commodities ( MPIC ) is responsible for administration of several key Acts .
See also
Ministers of Plantation Industries and Commodities ( Malaysia )
References
External links
Ministry of Plantation Industries and Commodities ( MPIC )
Federal ministries , departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Ministries established in 2004
2004 establishments in Malaysia
Agricultural organisations based in Malaysia
John Fulford ( died 12 June 1518 ) was an English archdeacon .
They were the son of Sir Baldwin Fulford of Great Fulford , Devon who was Sheriff of Devon in 1460 .
They were collated Archdeacon of Totnes from 1500 to 1515 , Archdeacon of Cornwall from April to September 1515 and Archdeacon of Exeter from 1515 to 1518 .
References
1518 deaths
Archdeacons of Totnes
Archdeacons of Cornwall
Archdeacons of Exeter
16th-century English clergy
Year of birth unknown
John
The Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw ( ) is a public higher education institution in Warsaw , Poland . Its focus is on the theatre arts . It is headquartered in the Collegium Nobilium , an eighteenth-century building which formerly housed an elite boarding secondary school run by Piarist monks .
History
It was founded in Łódź in 1946 and moved to Warsaw in 1949 . It continues the tradition of the National Institute of Theatre Arts ( Państwowy Instytut Sztuki Teatralnej ) established in Łódź in 1932 . It was founded as the National Higher School of Theatre ( Państwowa Wyższa Szkoła Teatralna ) and received a patron ( Aleksander Zelwerowicz ) in 1955 . In 1962 it received certification as a higher education institution . It received its current name in 1996 . Faculty members at the National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw were or are predominantly working professionals in their fields , the most notable of these including : Leon Shiller , Erwin Axer , Aleksander Bardini , Stanisława Wysocka , Henryk Elzenberg , Stanisław Ossowski , Zofia Lissa , Edmund Wierciński , Jan Kreczmar , Stefan Jaracz , Maja Komorowska , Bohdan Korzeniewski , Andrzej Łapicki , Zofia Mrozowska , Janina Mieczyńska , Marian Wyrzykowski , Ludwik Sempoliński , Kazimierz Rudzki , Hanka Bielicka , Ignacy Gogolewski , Zbigniew Zapasiewicz , Jan Englert , Wiesław Komasa , Tadeusz Łomnicki , Gustaw Holoubek , Zygmunt Hűbner , Anna Seniuk .
Rectors
1946–1949 : Leon Schiller
1949–1967 : Jan Kreczmar
1967–1970 : Władysław Krasnowiecki
1970–1981 : Tadeusz Łomnicki
1981–1987 and 1993–1996 : Andrzej Łapicki
1987–1993 and 1996–2002 : Jan Englert
2002–2008 : Lech Śliwonik
2008–2016 : Andrzej Strzelecki
2016– : Wojciech Malajkat
Notable alumni
Piotr Adamczyk
Michał Bajor
Joanna Brodzik
Agata Buzek
Stanisława Celińska
Andrzej Chyra
Mateusz Damięcki
Paweł Domagała
Bożena Dykiel
Jan Englert
Adam Ferency
Katarzyna Figura
Piotr Fronczewski
Krystyna Janda
Janusz Józefowicz
Krzysztof Kolberger
Marek Kondrat
Małgorzata Kożuchowska
Emilia Krakowska
Piotr Kraśko
Agata Kulesza
Olga Lipińska
Tadeusz Łomnicki
Daniel Olbrychski
Bartosz Opania
Dominika Ostałowska
Jan Machulski
Joanna Pacuła
Franciszek Pieczka
Andrzej Seweryn
Małgorzata Socha
Borys Szyc
Hubert Urbański
Roman Wilhelmi
Rafał Zawierucha
Michał Żebrowski
Artur Żmijewski
Marta Żmuda Trzebiatowska
Zbigniew Zapasiewicz
See also
Theatre of Poland
References
External links
1946 establishments in Poland
Universities and colleges in Warsaw
Theatre in Poland
Drama schools in Poland
Ernestina was a rural locality in the Longreach Region , Queensland , Australia . It is now part of Longreach .
History
In the , Ernestina had a population of 16 people .
In January 2019 , it was decided to reduce the number of localities within Longreach Region by amalgamating the localities to the north and west of the town of Longreach into the locality of Longreach . The localities amalgamated were : Camoola , Chorregon , Ernestina , Maneroo , Morella , Tocal , and Vergemont . As a consequence of this amalgamation , the Longreach Region has only three localities : Longreach , Ilframcombe and Isisford .
References
External links
Map showing Ernestina before the 2019 amalgamation ( archived on 28 July 2019 )
Longreach Region
Unbounded localities in Queensland
Parliamentary elections were held in Cyprus in 1960 . The House of Representatives was elected on 31 July 1960 . The Communal Chambers were also elected on 7 August . In the House of Representatives 35 seats were elected by Greek Cypriots and 15 by Turkish Cypriots . The result was a victory for the Patriotic Front , which won 30 of the 50 seats . In the Communal Chambers , the Patriotic Front won the majority of seats in the Greek Chamber , whilst the Cyprus Turkish National Union won all seats in the Turkish Chamber .
Electoral system
The House of Representatives consisted of 35 Greek members and 15 Turkish members , whilst the Greek Communal Chamber had 26 members and the Turkish Communal Chamber had 30 .
The 1959 electoral law divided Cyprus into six multi-member constituencies . Voters could vote for as many candidates as there were seats in their constituency . The electoral system used was Plurality voting .
Campaign
The Democratic Union led by Themistocles Dervis and Ioannis Clerides did not participate in the elections . The Democratic Union had opposed the 1959 electoral law , claiming it favoured the Patriotic Front .
The Patriotic Front and AKEL formed a pact for the elections , with a pre-agreed split of 30 and 5 seats respectively .
The hastily formed Pancyprian Union of Fighters fielded four candidates , with two in Nicosia , one in Kyrenia and one in Larnaca .
The Patriotic Front and AKEL pressured independent candidates to withdraw from the elections . As a result , the only female candidate , Kallistheni Maouni ( Limassol ) , withdrew them candidacy .
In Paphos , the three candidates of the Patriotic Front and one candidate of AKEL were elected unopposed .
In the fifteen Turkish seats , eight members of the Cyprus Turkish National Union , which was led by Vice-President Fazıl Küçük , ran unopposed in Nicosia , Kyrenia and Larnaca , whilst six independent candidates ran against the Cyprus Turkish National Union 's candidates in Famagusta , Limassol and Paphos .
The Patriotic Front and AKEL also formed an electoral pact for the Communal Chambers , with a pre-agreed split of 20 and 3 seats respectively . They reserved three seats for the Latin , Armenian and Maronite Communities , which had opted to join the Greek Community upon independence .
For the 26 seats in the Greek Chamber 31 candidacies were submitted . In Larnaca the three candidates of the Patriotic Front and in Limassol the three candidates of the Patriotic front and one candidate of AKEL were elected unopposed . For the 30 seats of the Turkish Chamber 31 candidacies were submitted , 30 of which were members of the Cyprus Turkish National Union . The Cyprus Turkish National Union 's 10 , 6 , 2 , 4 and 4 candidates in Nicosia , Famagusta , Kyrenia , Larnaca and Paphos respectively were declared elected unopposed .
The agreement reached by the Patriotic Front and AKEL also provided that the two parties would avoid the holding of elections , and independent candidates were pressured to withdraw . In Nicosia , independent candidate Christodoulos Pipis withdrew their candidacy and the six candidates of the Patriotic Front , one candidate of AKEL , Latin candidate Anthony Pietroni and Armenian candidate Berge Tilbian ( who ran as a candidate for the Patriotic Front ) were declared elected unopposed . In Paphos , on 3 August independent candidate Efthivoulos Ieropoulos withdrew their candidacy and the two candidates of the Patriotic Front and one candidate of AKEL were declared elected unopposed . In Famagusta , on 6 August ( one day before the elections ) independent candidate Polyvios Mavrommatis withdrew their candidacy and the four candidates of the Patriotic Front were declared elected unopposed .
Informal elections were held to decide the candidate for the Armenian community on 5 August . The winner of these elections would run as a candidate for the Patriotic Front in Nicosia and the other candidates would withdraw their candidacies . These were won by Berge Tilbian , and Vahram Levonian withdrew their candidacy .
In Kyrenia , independent candidate Savvas Christis refused to withdraw from the elections and ran against the three candidates of the Patriotic Front ( including the Maronite candidate , Ioannis Mavrides ) .
In the Turkish Chamber , independent candidate Beukagi Kioproulou was pressured into withdrawing their candidacy in Limassol and the four candidates of the Cyprus Turkish National Union were declared elected unopposed . Therefore , no elections were held for the Turkish Chamber and the Cyprus Turkish National Union won all 30 seats .
Results
House of Representatives
By constituency
Greek Community
Turkish Community
Communal Chambers
By constituency
Aftermath
Following the elections , Glafcos Clerides was elected president of the House of Representatives and Orhan Muderisoglu was elected Vice-President , and a 12-member cabinet was formed .
By-elections were held shortly after the elections as four of the elected MPs , Fazil Plumber , Andreas Papadopoulos , Osman Örek and Niyazi Manyera were appointed ministers .
On 21 July 1961 Patriotic Front MP Lefkios Rodosthenous was removed from the House of Representatives . Their seat remained vacant for the rest of their term .
In 1961 the Independent Turkish Group was created by eleven of the Turkish-Cypriot MPs . It was led by Orhan Muderisoglu .
In 1962 MP Petros Stylianou left the Patriotic Front and continued as an Independent for the remainder of their term .
In 1963 Turkish-Cypriot MP Shemshedin Halit Kazım died in a car accident . Their seat was filled by their wife Ayla Halit Kazım . In December 1963 the Turkish Cypriots withdrew from participation in the government , leaving Parliament with only its Greek members .
On 21 April 1966 Patriotic Front MPs Titos Fanos and Georgios Tompazos were appointed ministers of agriculture and works respectively , and resigned from the House of Representatives . Their seats remained vacant for the rest of their respective terms . Another MP , Costas Christodoulides , left the Patriotic Front , and Daphnis Panayides , elected in the first by-elections , resigned from the House of Representatives in that same year . Panayides ' seat also remained vacant .
References
1960 in Cyprus
Cyprus
Legislative elections in Cyprus
July 1960 events in Europe
August 1960 events in Europe
Odricks Corner is an unincorporated community in Fairfax County , Virginia , United States . Odricks Corner lies north of the Dulles Toll Road ( State Route 267 ) at the intersection of Spring Hill and Lewinsville Roads .
Odricks Corner takes its name from Alfred Odrick , a former slave and carpenter who in 1872 purchased 30 acres and built a house on the southern side of Lewinsville Road . This was later intersected by Spring Hill Road , and the resulting location came to be known as Odrick 's Corner . By 1879 a one-room schoolhouse , called Odrick 's School , had been erected at the corner ; tradition links Alfred Odrick to its creation . The school came to be used as well as a location for community meetings , and was the first place where services for Shiloh Baptist Church were held . The original frame building , which came to be the center of a thriving African-American community , was eventually replaced with a brick structure . This was later closed , and was sold in 1953 ; it has since been demolished .
The history of the community has been noted by a historic marker near the Spring Hill Recreation Center , erected by the Fairfax County History Commission in 2002 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Fairfax County , Virginia
George Manners ( 1778–1853 ) was a writer and editor who served as British consul in Boston , Massachusetts from 1819 to 1839 .
Manners was born in 1778 . They were called to the bar , became a noted wit in London , and was in 1807 founder and one of the proprietors of the Satirist , or Monthly Meteor , a venture in scurrilous literature , issued monthly , with a view , it was claimed , to the exposure of impostors . The first issue appeared on 1 October 1807 . At first coloured cartoons were attempted , but it is stated in the preface to volume II that these were dropped owing to the artists having disappointed the editor . In 1812 Manners parted with it and the publishing offices at 267 Strand to William Jerdan , who tried their luck `` with a new series , divested of the personalities and rancour of the old . '' Despite the bad bargain which they made over this purchase , Jerdan describef Manners in their Audtobiography as `` gentleman in every sense of the word , full of fancy and talent , acute and well informed '' . The periodical ceased in 1824 . In 1819 Manners became British consul at Boston , and held office till 1839 . They died at Coburg in Canada on 18 February 1853 .
Manners wrote :
Edgar , or the Caledonian Brothers , a tragedy , London , 1806 ,
Mentoriana , or a Letter of Admonition to the Duke of York , 1807
Vindiciie Satirices , or a Vindication of the Principles of the `` Satirist , '' 1809
The Rival Impostors , or Two Political Epistles to Two Political Cheats , 1809
The Conflagration : a Poem , Boston , 1826 , written to assist the sufferers in Canadian fires .
References
1778 births
1853 deaths
British male journalists
Binder may refer to :
Businesses
Binder FBM , a former German jewelry manufactory
Binder Dijker Otte & Co. , the expansion of `` BDO '' in BDO International
Computing
Binder Project , package and share interactive , reproducible environments
File binder , software that binds files into one executable
Microsoft Binder , a discontinued Microsoft Office application
OpenBinder , a system for inter-process communication
Geography
Binder , Khentii , a district of Khentii Province in eastern Mongolia
Binder , an abandoned village in Germany at the site of Hunnesrück
Stationery
Binder ( rubber band )
Binder clip , a small device for holding together sheets of paper
Ring binder , a device to hold together multiple sheets of paper with punched-in holes
Other uses
Binder ( material ) , any material or substance that holds or draws other materials together
Binder ( surname ) , a surname
Binder Twine Festival , an annual festival in Kleinburg , Ontario
Phosphate binder , a medication used to reduce the absorption of phosphate
Reaper-binder , a type of farm equipment
A garment or bandage used for breast binding
A base class in the role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons
Insurance Binder , a contract of a temporary insurance policy
The film-forming component of paint
See also
Binding ( disambiguation )
Bind ( disambiguation )
Holm ( pronounced ) is a parish on Mainland , Orkney .
An adjacent Sound , running between Mainland , and Burray , is named after Holm . It has since been blocked up by the Churchill Barriers . The parish flanks the north side of the Sound and extends to within of Kirkwall , and contains the village of St Mary 's Holm , as well as the island of Lamb Holm . The Mainland section is by .
The shores are mostly rocky , and the interior consists of light thin , loamy land .
Orkney F.C. , the island group 's main football club , plays its home games at The Rockworks Community ground near St. Mary 's Holm .
Church and manse
Holm church and manse are both of unusual design . The church has no spire or turret , and the manse is constructed so that all chimneys appear through the centre of a pyramidal roof .
World War II
Netherbutton Radar Station , which was part of the Chain Home system , was situated on both sides of the A961 road , although little now remains except four concrete mast bases . Its construction was supervised by Leonard Chapman , who then held the rank of corporal .
Notable people
F. Marian McNeill , folklorist , suffragist and a founder of the Scottish National Party . Them father was Free Church minister of Holm for nearly fifty years , and their brother Duncan was also a writer .
m. Liam Finn , writer of Idiots Guide to HR and professional Casting Agent .
References
Parishes of Orkney
Mainland , Orkney
The Guerrero Correctional Institution ( Institución Correccional Guerrero ) is a prison for men located in Aguadilla , Puerto Rico , owned and operated by the Puerto Rico Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . With a stated capacity of 944 inmates , it 's among the three largest prisons in the territory .
The facility was first opened in 1986 as a Community Therapy mental health unit ( Comunidad Terapéutica de Guerrero ) of the Puerto Rico Department of Health . It became a correctional facility in March 1997 . As of 2008 about a third of its inmates were pre-trial detainees , and the others were serving longer sentences at minimum security .
From 2002 to 2008 , some 53 Guerrero inmates died inside the institution , all but one of them pre-trial detainees , and 73 % of them within their first week behind bars . An extensive report by the ACLU of Puerto Rico blamed the abuse of a horse tranquilizer , Xylazine , among inmates , and lack of appropriate medical attention and lack of accountability among prison officials .
References
External links
ACLU Puerto Rico report in its entirety ( Spanish language )
executive summary of report ( English language )
Prisons in Puerto Rico
Buildings and structures in Aguadilla , Puerto Rico
1986 establishments in Puerto Rico
Events in the year 1891 in Bulgaria .
Incumbents
Events
The Eagles ' Bridge in Sofia was constructed by Czech architect Václav Prošek , their brother Jozef and their cousins Bohdan and Jiří .
References
1890s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Conrod Settlement is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
References
Explore HRM
Conrod Settlement on Destination Nova Scotia
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Thermoniphas is an Afrotropical genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae .
Species
Thermoniphas alberici ( Dufrane , 1945 )
Thermoniphas albocaerulea Stempffer , 1956
Thermoniphas bibundana ( Grünberg , 1910 )
Thermoniphas caerulea Stempffer , 1956
Thermoniphas colorata ( Ungemach , 1932 )
Thermoniphas distincta ( Talbot , 1935 )
Thermoniphas fontainei Stempffer , 1956
Thermoniphas fumosa Stempffer , 1952
Thermoniphas kamitugensis ( Dufrane , 1945 )
Thermoniphas kigezi Stempffer , 1956
Thermoniphas leucocyanea Clench , 1961
Thermoniphas micylus ( Cramer , 1780 )
Thermoniphas plurilimbata Karsch , 1895
Thermoniphas stempfferi Clench , 1961
Thermoniphas togara ( Plötz , 1880 )
References
Seitz , A . Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13 : Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter . Plate XIII 74
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Ferdinand Karsch
The detective quantum efficiency ( often abbreviated as DQE ) is a measure of the combined effects of the signal ( related to image contrast ) and noise performance of an imaging system , generally expressed as a function of spatial frequency . This value is used primarily to describe imaging detectors in optical imaging and medical radiography .
In medical radiography , the DQE describes how effectively an x-ray imaging system can produce an image with a high signal-to-noise ratio ( SNR ) relative to an ideal detector . It is sometimes viewed to be a surrogate measure of the radiation dose efficiency of a detector since the required radiation exposure to a patient ( and therefore the biological risk from that radiation exposure ) decreases as the DQE is increased for the same image SNR and exposure conditions .
The DQE is also an important consideration for CCDs , especially those used for low-level imaging in light and electron microscopy , because it affects the SNR of the images . It is also similar to the noise factor used to describe some electronic devices . The concept has been extended to chemical sensors , in which case the alternative term detectivity is more appropriate .
History
Starting in the 1940s , there was much scientific interest in classifying the signal and noise performance of various optical detectors such as television cameras and photoconductive devices . It was shown , for example , that image quality is limited by the number of quanta used to produce an image . The quantum efficiency of a detector is a primary metric of performance because it describes the fraction of incident quanta that interact and therefore affected image quality . However , other physical processes may also degrade image quality , and in 1946 , Albert Rose proposed the concept of a useful quantum efficiency or equivalent quantum efficiency to describe the performance of those systems , which we now call the detective quantum efficiency . Early reviews of the importance and application of the DQE were given by Zweig and Jones .
The DQE was introduced to the medical-imaging community by Shaw for the description of x-ray film-screen systems . They showed how image quality with these systems ( in terms of the signal-to-noise ratio ) could be expressed in terms of the noise-equivalent quanta ( NEQ ) . The NEQ describes the minimum number of x-ray quanta required to produce a specified SNR . Thus , the NEQ is a measure of image quality and , in a very fundamental sense , describes how many x-ray quanta an image is worth . It also has an important physical meaning as it describes how well a low-contrast structure can be detected in a uniform noise-limited image by the ideal observer which is an indication of what can be visualized by a human observer under specified conditions . If we also know how many x-ray quanta were used to produce the image ( the number of x-ray quanta incident on a detector ) , q , we know the cost of the image in terms of a number of x-ray quanta . The DQE is the ratio of what an image is worth to what it cost in terms of numbers of Poisson-distributed quanta :
.
In this sense the DQE describes how effectively an imaging system captures the information content available in an x-ray image relative to an ideal detector . This is critically important in x-ray medical imaging as it tells us that radiation exposures to patients can only be kept as low as possible if the DQE is made as close to unity as possible . For this reason , the DQE is widely accepted in regulatory , commercial , scientific and medical communities as a fundamental measure of detector performance .
Definition
The DQE is generally expressed in terms of Fourier-based spatial frequencies as :
where u is the spatial frequency variable in cycles per millimeter , q is the density of incident x-ray quanta in quanta per square millimeter , G is the system gain relating q to the output signal for a linear and offset-corrected detector , T ( u ) is the system modulation transfer function , and W ( u ) is the image Wiener noise power spectrum corresponding to q . As this is a Fourier-based method of analysis , it is valid only for linear and shift-invariant imaging systems ( analogous to linear and time-invariant system theory but replacing time invariance with spatial-shift invariance ) involving wide-sense stationary or wide-sense cyclostationary noise processes . The DQE can often be modelled theoretically for particular imaging systems using cascaded linear-systems theory .
The DQE is often expressed in alternate forms that are equivalent if care is used to interpret terms correctly . For example , the squared-SNR of an incident Poisson distribution of q quanta per square millimeter is given by
and that of an image corresponding to this input is given by
resulting in the popularized interpretation of the DQE being equal to the ratio of the squared output SNR to the squared input SNR :
This relationship is only true when the input is a uniform Poisson distribution of image quanta and signal and noise are defined correctly .
Measuring the DQE
A report by the International Electrotechnical Commission ( IEC 62220-1 ) was developed in an effort to standardize methods and algorithms required to measure the DQE of digital x-ray imaging systems .
Advantages of high DQE
It 's the combination of very low noise and superior contrast performance that allows some digital x-ray systems to offer such significant improvements in the detectability of low-contrast objects - a quality that is best quantified by a single parameter , the DQE . As one medical physics expert recently reported , The DQE has become the de facto benchmark in the comparison of existing and emerging x-ray detector technologies .
DQE especially affects one 's ability to view small , low-contrast objects . In fact , in many imaging situations , it 's more important to detecting small objects than is limiting spatial resolution ( LSR ) - the parameter traditionally used to determine how small an object one can visualize . Even if a digital system has very high LSR , it ca n't take advantage of the resolution if it has low DQE , which prevents the detection of very small objects .
A study comparing film/screen and digital imaging demonstrates that a digital system with high DQE can improve one 's ability to detect small , low-contrast objects – even though the digital system may have substantially lower Limiting Spatial Resolution ( LSR ) than film .
Reducing radiation dose is another potential advantage of digital x-ray technology ; and high DQE should make significant contributions to this equation . Compared with film/screen imaging , a digital detector with high DQE has the potential to deliver significant object-detectability improvements at an equivalent dose , or to permit object detectability comparable to film 's at reduced dose .
Equally important , high DQE provides the requisite foundation for advanced digital applications - dual-energy imaging , tomosynthesis , and low-dose fluoro , for instance . Combined with advanced image-processing algorithms and fast acquisition and readout capability , high DQE is key to making such applications as these clinically practical in the years to come .
References
External links
, What is Detective Quantum Efficiency ?
, Detective Quantum Efficiency
, DQE A Simplified View
Digital imaging
X-ray instrumentation
Góry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-east of Gorzków , south-west of Krasnystaw , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Smashing Magazine is an online magazine dedicated to web developers and web designers around the world . It was founded in 2006 by Sven Lennartz ( co-founder ) and Vitaly Friedman ( editor-in-chief ) as part of the German-based Smashing Media AG . Since 2012 , it also runs web design conferences in Europe and North America , known as SmashingConf ( founded by Vitaly Friedman and Marc Thiele ) .
Smashing Magazine is one of the most active and largest publishers of web development resources . It is noted for its “ vibrant ” community . The Huffington Post has ranked Smashing Magazine as one of the best places for web developers to find jobs .
Content
Articles
With over three million page views per month , Smashing Magazine is one of the world 's most popular and highly regarded magazines in the area of web design and web development . Topics include web design , graphic design , and user experience . The content is primarily targeted toward advanced web design and development professionals .
Conferences
Smashing Magazine hosts four annual conferences , founded in 2012 by Marc Thiele and Vitaly Friedmann , that take place in New York City , San Francisco , Barcelona , and Freiburg . Each conference consists of two-day , single-track talks and workshops featuring prominent members of the industry discussing web design trends and insights . Notable speakers include Stefan Sagmeister , Jon Burgerman , Peter Sunde , and Daniel Burka .
Library
On November 27 , 2012 , Smashing Magazine started their Smashing Library , containing more than 60 eBooks and videos on web design . The bundle provides new , curated content on design best practices and coding techniques , as well as access to the publication 's most recent back-catalogue . The eBooks are available in PDF , ePUB , and Amazon Kindle .
Newsletter
Highlights of the magazine are collated bi-monthly to form an email newsletter . As of August 2022 , the newsletter has over 176,000 subscribers .
Awards and recognition
In 2010 , Smashing Magazine was the recipient of a Shorty Awards for its notable contribution to the field of design . It also was the winner of the .net Awards in 2008 in the category `` Best Blog '' .
References
External links
Official website
Smashing Library
Smashing Conference
Smashing Newsletter
Technology websites
Internet properties established in 2006
German news websites
Shorty Award winners
The La Galissonnière-class ironclads were a group of wooden-hulled , armored corvettes built for the French Navy during the 1870s , meant as a heavier armed and faster version of the s. While all three ships were begun before the Franco-Prussian War of 1870–71 , the construction of the last two ships was delayed for years . The navy took advantage of the extended construction time of the latter ships to upgrade their armament . bombarded Sfax in 1881 as part of the French occupation of Tunisia . They and their half-sister participated in a number of battles during the Sino-French War of 1884–85 . Their sister had a much quieter career . All three ships were decommissioned in the 1890s .
Design and description
The La Galissonnière-class ironclads were designed as faster , more heavily armed versions of the s by Henri Dupuy de Lôme . They used the same central battery layout as their predecessors , although the battery was lengthened to provide enough room to work the larger guns . A two-propeller layout was adopted in an unsuccessful attempt to reduce the ship 's draft . The two later ships were designed by Sabattier who reduced the number of screws from two to one to improve their sailing qualities , added an bow chaser under the forecastle and increased the caliber of the secondary armament .
La Galissonnière measured between perpendiculars , with a beam of . They had a mean draft of and displaced . The ship had a metacentric height of . Victorieuse and Triomphante were between perpendiculars and had a beam of . The two ships had a mean draft of and displaced . The crew of all three ships numbered between 352 and 382 officers and men .
Propulsion
La Galissonnière had two Wolf vertical compound steam engines , each driving a single propeller . Them engines were powered by four oval boilers . On sea trials the engines produced a total of and the ship reached . La Galissonnière carried of coal which allowed the ship to steam for at a speed of . They were ship-rigged with three masts and had a sail area around .
Victorieuse and Triomphante had a single vertical compound steam engine driving a single propeller and the same boilers as La Galissonnière . During trials their engines produced and the ships reached . They only carried of coal which allowed the ships to steam for at a speed of . They were also ship-rigged with three masts , but had a sail area of .
Armament
All three ships mounted four of their six 240-millimeter Modèle 1870 guns in the central battery on the battery deck . The other two 240-millimeter guns were mounted in barbettes on the upper deck , sponsoned out over the sides of the ship . In La Galissonnière the sponsons were positioned abaft the funnel , but the two later ships had theirs just forward of the funnel . La Galissonnières secondary armament of four guns was also mounted on the upper deck . They were replaced by six guns in 1880 .
The armor-piercing shell of the 19-caliber 240-millmeter gun weighed while the gun itself weighed . It had a muzzle velocity of and was credited with the ability to penetrate a nominal of wrought iron armour at the muzzle . The guns could fire both solid shot and explosive shells .
The ship received four Hotchkiss 5-barrel revolving guns in 1878 . They fired a shell weighing about at a muzzle velocity of about to a range of about . They had a rate of fire of about 30 rounds per minute . La Galissonnière also received several towed Harvey torpedoes .
While Victorieuse and Triomphant were on the stocks , their armament was reinforced by an additional 194-millimeter chase gun and the secondary armament was increased to six guns . They also received the Hotchkiss guns and Harvey torpedoes as per La Galissonnière before completion . The 20-caliber 194-millimeter gun fired an armor-piercing , shell while the gun itself weighed . The gun fired its shell at a muzzle velocity of and was credited with the ability to penetrate a nominal of wrought iron armour at the muzzle . The 138-millimeter gun was 21 calibers long and weighed . It fired a explosive shell that had a muzzle velocity of .
Armor
The La Galissonnière-class ships had a complete wrought iron waterline belt , approximately high laid over of wood . The sides of the battery itself were armored with of wrought iron backed by of wood and the ends of the battery were closed by bulkheads of the same thickness . The barbette armor was thick . The unarmored portions of their sides were protected by thin iron plates .
Ships
Service
La Galissonnières initial commissions were in the Pacific and in the Caribbean , but they were assigned to the Levant Squadron ( ) when they bombarded the Tunisian port of Sfax in July 1881 as part of the French occupation of Tunisia . In early 1882 La Galissonnière was the flagship of the Levant Squadron under Rear Admiral Alfred Conrad . Both La Galissonnière and Triomphante were assigned to the Far East Squadron in 1884 , under the command of Vice Admiral Amédée Courbet , and participated in several actions during the Sino-French War of 1884–85 . Both ships fought in the Battle of Fuzhou , destroying a small Chinese fleet and coastal defenses defending the Min River . They supplied landing parties during the Battle of Tamsui in October 1884 , but they were forced to retreat by Chinese troops , although suffering few casualties ( 11 killed and 4 wounded between the two ships ) . Nothing is known of any further participation by La Galissonnière in the war , but Triomphante helped to capture the Pescadore Islands in March 1885 during the Pescadores Campaign .
Victorieuse was placed into reserve after they finished their sea trials in 1876 . They had two commissions as flagship of the Pacific and China Squadrons and was relieved as the flagship of the latter by La Galissonnière in April 1884 . They became flagship of the Levant Squadron after they arrived in France , but was in bad shape and soon placed in reserve at Cherbourg . Victorieuse was on summer maneuvers off the Iberian coast in July 1893 . The ship was initially condemned in May 1897 , but this was reversed so they could convoy torpedo boats to Bizerte . That plan was later cancelled and Victorieuse was paid off in 1899 , becoming guardship of the outer harbor at Brest until finally condemned the following year .
Footnotes
References
Ships built in France
Corvettes of France
Gaiety Theatre or Gayety Theatre , and variations may refer to theaters ( or theatres ) in :
Europe
Gaiety Theatre , Ayr , a theatre in Ayr , Scotland ( 1871 )
Gaiety Theatre , Dublin , a theatre in Dublin , Ireland ( opened 1871 )
Gaiety Theatre , London , a musical theatre in London , UK ( 1864–1956 )
Gaiety Theatre , Manchester , UK ( 1884–1957 )
Gaiety Theatre , Isle of Man , an opera house and theatre in Douglas ( opened 1900 )
The Gaiety Theatre , Anglesey Castle , a private theatre at Plas Newydd ( Anglesey ) in Wales , UK ( closed 1905 )
Gaiety Cinema & Theatre , Scarborough , England ( 1920–late 1960 's )
United States
Gaiety Theatre , Boston ( 1878 ) , Massachusetts
Gaiety Theatre , Boston ( 1908 ) ( 1908–1949 ) , Massachusetts
Gaiety Theatre , New York ( male burlesque ) ( 1976–2005 ) , a male burlesque theater in New York , New York
Gaiety Theatre ( New York City ) ( 1908–1982 ) , a legitimate theater in New York , New York
Village East by Angelika , formerly the Gayety Theatre , a movie theater in New York , New York
Gayety Theater , Washington , D.C. ( 1907-1959 ) ; see architectural sculptor Ernest C. Bairstow
Gayety Theater , former name of the Byham Theater in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania
Other places
Gaiety Theater ( Manila ) ( 1935 ) , Philippines
Gaiety Theatre , Melbourne ( 1880–1930 ) , Australia
Gaiety Theatre , Shimla ( opened 1887 ) , Shimla , India
Gaiety Theatre , Sydney ( 1880–1900 ) , Australia
Gaiety Theatre , Yokohama ( 1870–1923 ) , destroyed in the 1923 Kanto earthquake , Japan
Gaiety Theatre , Zeehan ( 1898 ) , Tasmania , Australia
See also
Gaiety ( disambiguation )
Theatre ( disambiguation )
Lists of theatres
Centropodieae is a tribe of grasses containing only two genera . It is the earliest-branching lineage in the subfamily Chloridoideae and contains its only genus with C3 species , Ellisochloa , while all other species in the tribe and subfamily use the C4 photosynthetic pathway .
References
Chloridoideae
Poaceae tribes
Panther Creek High School may refer to the following schools in the United States :
Panther Creek High School ( North Carolina ) , in Cary , North Carolina
Panther Creek High School ( Texas ) , in Valera , Texas
Events in the year 1896 in Bulgaria .
Incumbents
Events
29 November – Parliamentary elections were held in the country . The elections were marred by disturbances , particularly in Sofia . The elections were won by the ruling party ( the People 's Party ) led by Prime Minister Konstantin Stoilov .
References
1890s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Robert S. Ellwood ( born 1933 ) is an American academic , author and expert on world religions .
They were educated at the University of Colorado , Berkeley Divinity School and was awarded a PhD in History of Religions from the University of Chicago in 1967 . They were Professor of World Religions at the University of Southern California from 1967 until 1997 and is now professor emeritus .
Life
Robert Scott Ellwood Jr. , was born July 17 , 1933 , in Normal , Illinois , the son of Robert Sr. and Knola Ellwood . Robert Sr. was a teacher in the high school affiliated with Illinois State Normal University , and a pioneer in the development of sociology as a high school subject . In 1945 the family moved to Chadron , Nebraska , where Robert Sr. became chair of the Education Department at the Nebraska State Teachers College located there .
Robert Jr. graduated from Chadron Preparatory School in 1951 , and from the University of Colorado in 1954 . They then attended Berkeley Divinity School in New Haven , CT , an Episcopal seminary now affiliated with Yale Divinity School . They graduated and was ordained a priest in the Episcopal Church in 1957 . They pastored Christ Church , Central City , NE 1957-1960 .
In 1961-62 Ellwood served as a chaplain in the U.S. Navy . While stationed in Okinawa and Japan they became interested in Japanese religion , and world religions generally . Reading the works of Mircea Eliade led to an interest in Eliade 's structuralist and phenomenological approach to religion as a way of understanding similarities and differences in religions . As a consequence , in 1963 they entered the University of Chicago Divinity School 's history of religion program led by Eliade , receiving the Ph.D. in 1967 after a final year of study in Japan . In 1967 Ellwood became a professor of religion at the University of Southern California , Los Angeles , serving there until retirement in 1997 .
In 1988 they received a Fulbright Research Grant to study new religious movements in New Zealand , and spent six months there working in the national library in Wellington . They also taught briefly in the Universities of Cape Town and Natal in South Africa , and after retirement at Auburn University in Alabama . They were named Distinguished Emeritus Professor by U.S.C . in 2002 , and Alumnus of the Year by the University of Chicago Divinity School in 2009 .
Work
As professor of religion at the University of Southern California , Los Angeles , Ellwood mainly taught courses on Eastern religions and the history of religion . Their first book , The Feast of Kingship , about the Daijōsai or Japanese imperial accession ceremony , was based on their Ph.D. dissertation . Subsequently , given the tremendous spiritual ferment in California in the late 1960s , they became interested in new religious and spiritual movements in America , doing an informal survey of them in Los Angeles and publishing Religious and Spiritual Groups in Modern America .
They also wrote on the history of American religion in the 1950s and 1960s , as well as textbooks on world religions , religious studies , and Japanese religion . Cycles of Faith presented a theory of the comparative development of world religions . The Politics of Myth were a discussion of the controversial political histories of C.G . Jung , Mircea Eliade , and Joseph Campbell . A late series of three books offered a comparative view of mythologies .
Ellwood 's approach to comparative religion has been fundamentally structuralist , phenomenological , and empathetic . They have sought through religion 's material expression in art , architecture , rite , and practices to understand empathetically its inner meaning for adherents , always allowing for an immense range of individual responses , but recognizing also that religious forms have as it were a language of their own . In Cycles of Faith they further consider that the history of individual religions may have an internal dynamic of their own , as well as responding to outer history .
Personal life
In 1965 Ellwood married Gracia Fay Bouwman , also a student in the University of Chicago Divinity School and subsequently an instructor in Evansville College , Indiana . They had two children , Richard Scott Lancelot ( b . 1974 ) and Fay Elanor ( b . 1977 ) .
In 1976 they joined the Theosophical Society in America , serving as vice president of that organization 2002-05 . They have also served as a priest in the Liberal Catholic Church , Province of the United States of America , a small denomination informally affiliated with Theosophy . They offered a few books of popular spirituality through the Theosophical publishing house , Quest Books . After retirement they and Gracia Fay moved to Krotona , a Theosophical community in Ojai , CA .
Works
Religious and Spiritual Groups in Modern America ( 1973 ; rev . ed . coauthored by Harry Partin , 1988 ) .
One Way : The Jesus Movement and its Meaning ( 1973 ) .
The Feast of Kingship : Accession Ceremonies in Ancient Japan ( 1973 ) .
The Eagle and the Rising Sun : Americans and the New Religions of Japan ( 1974 )
Many Peoples , Many Faiths : An Introduction to the Religious Life of Humankind ( orig . 1976 ) ; the 6th edition and subsequent editions are Many Peoples , Many Faiths : Women and Men in the World Religions and are coauthored by Barbara A. McGraw ( 1999-present ) .
Introducing Religion ( 1978 ; 4th rev . ed . 2014 ) .
Alternative Altars : Unconventional and Eastern Spirituality in America ( 1979 ) .
Mysticism and Religion ( 1980 ; rev . ed 1999 , 2013 ) .
An Invitation to Japanese Civilization ( 1980 ) .
Tenrikyo : A Pilgrimage Faith ( 1982 )
Finding the Quiet Mind ( 1983 )
Finding Deep Joy ( 1984 ; rev . ed . 2001 )
Theosophy ( 1986 )
Islands of the Dawn : The Story of Alternative Spirituality in New Zealand ( 1993 ) .
The Sixties Spiritual Awakening : American Religion Moving from Modern to Postmodern ( 1994 ) .
The Pilgrim Self : Traveling the Path from Life to Life ( 1996 ) .
The Fifties ' Spiritual Marketplace : American Religion in a Decade of Conflict ( 1997 ) .
The Cross and the Grail ( 1997 )
1950 : Crossroads of American Religious Life ( 2000 )
Frodo 's Quest : Living the Myth in the Lord of the Rings ( 2002 )
Cycles of Faith ( 2003 )
The Politics of Myth : A Study of C. G. Jung , Mircea Eliade , and Joseph Campbell ( 1999 ) .
Introducing Japanese Religion ( 2008 ) .
Myth ( 2008 ) .
Tales of Darkness : The Mythology of Evil ( 2009 ) .
Tales of Lights and Shadows : The Mythology of the Afterlife ( 2010 ) .
Notes
External links
Official website
1933 births
Living people
Yale Divinity School alumni
University of Southern California faculty
American Theosophists
American religion academics
Marco Antonio Ameglio Samudio ( b . 1961 ) is a Panamanian politician and business person .
They served as the President of the National Assembly from 1991 to 1992 . Ameglio has been on the Panama Canal Authority Board of Directors since March 23 , 2010 . They were sworn for a period of 9 years .
References
Panamanian politicians
Living people
1961 births
Panameñista Party politicians
Presidents of the National Assembly ( Panama )
Świnki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south-west of Modliborzyce , west of Janów Lubelski , and south of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Octaazacubane is a hypothetical explosive allotrope of nitrogen with formula N8 , whose molecules have eight atoms arranged into a cube . ( By comparison , nitrogen usually occurs as the diatomic molecule N2 . ) It can be regarded as a cubane-type cluster , where all eight corners are nitrogen atoms bonded along the edges . It is predicted to be a metastable molecule , in which despite the thermodynamic instability caused by bond strain , and the high energy of the N–N single bonds , the molecule remains kinetically stable for reasons of orbital symmetry .
Explosive and fuel
Octaazacubane is predicted to have an energy density ( assuming decomposition into N2 ) of 22.9 MJ/kg , which is over 5 times the standard value of TNT . It has therefore been proposed ( along with other exotic nitrogen allotropes ) as an explosive , and as a component of high performance rocket fuel . Its velocity of detonation is predicted to be 15,000 m/s , much ( 48.5 % ) more than octanitrocubane , the fastest known nonnuclear explosive .
A prediction for cubic gauche nitrogen energy density is 33 MJ/kg , exceeding octaazacubane by 44 % , though a more recent one is of 10.22 MJ/kg , making it less than half of octaazacubane .
See also
Tetranitrogen ( Nitrogen allotrope with formula N4 )
Hexazine ( Nitrogen allotrope with formula N6 )
Azidopentazole ( Nitrogen allotrope with formula N8 )
Bispentazole ( Nitrogen allotrope with formula N10 )
Bis ( pentazolyl ) diazene ( Nitrogen allotrope with formula N12 )
Eicosaazadodecahedrane ( Nitrogen allotrope with formula N20 )
Hexacontaazabuckminsterfullerene ( Nitrogen allotrope with formula N60 )
Pentazole
1,1′-Azobis-1,2,3-triazole
1-Diazidocarbamoyl-5-azidotetrazole
References
External links
Explosive chemicals
Hypothetical chemical compounds
Allotropes of nitrogen
Hilary Miller may refer to :
Hal Miller ( 1929–2015 ) , British politician
Hilary Miller ( artist ) ( 1919–1993 ) , British artist and illustrator
Donald Stone Macdonald ( 1919 – August 29 , 1993 ) was an American academic who specialized in Korean affairs , in particular the bilateral relations between South Korea and the United States . Macdonald had two careers , both concerning Korea . They were first a public servant at the US Department of State in Korean affairs , once serving as mayor of Kwangju and then became an academic on Korean affairs . Their death in 1993 marked the end of almost five decades of involvement in Korea , dating from 1945 and the U.S. military occupation .
Biography
Early life
Born in 1919 in Boston , Massachusetts in the United States , Macdonald was educated at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where they earned their B.A . They proceeded to Harvard University where they earned a M. A. in Political Science before moving to Washington , D.C. where they earned their doctorate in political science at the George Washington University .
Career
They then began a career at the State Department in 1945 , focusing on Korea . There , they served as the Director of the Korea Desk and in the Bureau of Intelligence and Research , dividing their time between Washington and Seoul . It was to herald the start of 48 years of continuous involvement in Korea , and at one stage , they served as the mayor of Kwangju . During their State Department career , Macdonald received the Department 's Superior Honor Award three times , and was given the John Jacobs Rogers Award for Distinguished Service . In addition to posting in South Korea , they served in the Foreign Service in Turkey and Switzerland .
Macdonald taught at East Stroudsburg University in Pennsylvania from 1971 to 1980 . In 1983 , they created the Korea program at Georgetown University , where they taught until their death . Aside from their formal academic contributions , Macdonald oversaw Korean area studies at the State Department 's Foreign Service Institute for a number of years . In the 1960s , they were one of the founders of the Washington Korea Tuesday Luncheon Group , and was a prominent figure in international conferences on Korea . Macdonald was a president of the Mid Atlantic Region of the Association of Asian Studies , and after their term ended they were active on its membership committee and in reforming its governance . They founded and edited the MidAtlantic Bulletin of Korean Studies . They continually worked to expand knowledge of Korea and Asia within the academic community , into the education system and the wider public . Macdonald was prominent in establishing the Wineck Prize for the best high school essay on Asian studies in the mid-Atlantic region , and worked to disseminate knowledge of Korea outside specialist circles .
Publications
Pedagogically speaking , Macdonald 's university textbook , The Koreans : Contemporary Politics and Society was the most popular university text on the subject . Macdonald was also the author of U.S.-Korea Relations from Liberation to Self-Reliance , which resulted from a classified study they undertook for the State Department . At the time of their death , they had partially completed a book on Korean politics , for which they had been awarded a Fulbright Scholarship to Korea .
Non profit
Macdonald was a founder of Senior International Resources , a not-for-profit consulting firm . Their social and educational concerns were reflected in their donations of time and funds for such activities .
References
1919 births
1993 deaths
Columbian College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Georgetown University faculty
Harvard University alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
People from Boston
United States Department of State officials
American expatriates in South Korea
Fernando Massiel Santana ( born May 17 , 1986 ) is a former Mexican football player . Born in Temascalapa , they were a midfielder for Zacatepec .
International Tournaments
Massiel Santana played 26 minutes in the 2008 InterLiga for Pumas UNAM receiving a yellow card against Cruz Azul . Later that year they would go on to play three matches ( vs. C.D . Luis Ángel Firpo , Houston Dynamo , and scoring a goal against San Francisco F.C . ) during the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League .
Fernando returned to the 2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League to play in six matches ( vs. C.S.D . Comunicaciones , W Connection , Real C.D . España , and C.D . Marathón ) for Pumas UNAM .
References
External links
Image
1986 births
Living people
Club Tijuana footballers
C.D . Veracruz footballers
Footballers from the State of Mexico
Mexican footballers
Association football midfielders
Park Avenue Tower ( also 65 East 55th Street ) is a building on Park Avenue , between 55th Street and 56th Street , in Midtown Manhattan , New York City . The office building developed by Park Tower Realty opened in 1986 and has a height of . Park Avenue Tower has 36 floors , which can be reached with seventeen elevators . Designed by Murphy/Jahn Architects in postmodern style , Park Avenue Tower is made of stone , steel and glass . The floor plan of the building is a square with flattened corners and the tower narrows as it increases in height . There is a pyramid-shaped structure on the roof of the building that is not visible from the street .
In front of the Park Avenue Tower main entrance on 55th Street is a Privately Owned Public Space with six polished granite planters . The building can be accessed through four entrances , one on 56th Street and three on 55th Street . The entrance on 56th Street and the middle entrance on 55th Street lead to the multi-story lobby . The walls of the lobby are made of granite and marble . The east entrance on 55th Street used to lead to the office of law firm Paul Hastings , which had an area of and was spread over sixteen floors. , though Paul Hastings has since relocated to the MetLife Building . The fourth entrance leads to Restaurant Aquavit , a restaurant with two Michelin stars .
Site
Park Avenue Tower is located in Midtown Manhattan on the west side of Park Avenue between 55th Street and 56th Street . The building is close to four New York City Subway stations in the immediate area : Fifth Avenue-59th Street ( serving the ) , 57th Street ( ) , Fifth Avenue/53rd Street ( ) , and Lexington Avenue/59th Street ( ) .
Park Avenue Tower borders three buildings , namely the Café Cosí in the northwest , the New York Friars Club in the southwest and 430 Park Avenue in the east . On the other side of 56th Street is 432 Park Avenue , while on the other side of 55th Street are Park Avenue Place , the Heron Tower and 410 Park Avenue . In addition , 550 Madison Avenue is to the west and 590 Madison Avenue is to the northwest .
History
In 2007 , Macklowe Properties bought the Park Avenue Tower along with five other buildings in New York for $ 7 billion from the Blackstone Group , which had acquired the building by acquiring Equity Office Properties , the previous owner . One year later , in the summer of 2008 , the building , along with the 21-story 850 Third Avenue , was sold to Shorenstein Properties for $ 930 million , as Macklowe Properties faced challenges during the credit crisis . At the end of 2013 , it was announced that Grocon wanted to buy the Park Avenue Tower for $ 500 million , which later became $ 775 million . In the spring of 2014 , that deal was canceled when Grocon could not raise sufficient funding . Grocon had secured a $ 530 million loan from Jones Lang LaSalle , but could not obtain further funding . In July 2014 , the building was sold again to a previous owner , Blackstone Group for $ 750 million
References
External links
Shorenstein – Park Avenue Tower Accessed on 22 July 2014
`` Park Avenue Tower Trade Comes Undone '' . Real Estate Alert ( 2 April 2014 ) Accessed on 23 July 2014
Park Avenue
Midtown Manhattan
Office buildings in Manhattan
Office buildings completed in 1986
Helmut Jahn buildings
1986 establishments in New York City
Vakat je ... ( Its about time ... ) is the first studio album by Bosnian rock band Zona Iskljuchenja , released on July 7 , 2006 , by Hayat Production . The album was released after 11 years since the foundation of the band , thus the symbolic title `` Its about time ... '' .
Material was recorded in three different studios during the long period of time , therefore various music genre and different influences could be noticed while listening . `` Appearance of Zona Iskljuchenja with `` Vakat je ... '' is the most beautiful rock story coming from the province '' - said Milan Sokolivic from the Federalni Radio in the long radio interview with the band on December 22 , 2016 .
The band released two music videos from these albums for the songs `` Ljubav '' ( `` Love '' ) and `` Lijepa moja ' ( `` My Beautiful '' ) and made significant breakthrough on the Bosnian rock scene . The album contains 10 songs with relatively various music genre and was considered to be the breakthrough point for the albums to come . Vakat je ... became the first studio album released by any music band from Gorazde .
Track listing
References
External links
Vakat je at Discogs.com
Zona Iskljuchenja- Official Youtube Channel
Zona Iskljuchenja - Twitter Official
Zona Iskljuchenja - Soundcloud Official
Zona Iskljuchenja - Facebook page
2006 albums
Johannes Manyedi Mabusela ( born 4 June 1984 ) is a South African chess player . They were awarded the title International Master by FIDE . They won the African Junior Chess Championship in 2002 .
Mabusela tied for 1st–4th with Rodwell Makoto , Ahmed Adly and Daniel Cawdery in the 2012 South African Open , finishing second on tiebreak , the highest finishing South African player . They again finished as the best South African finisher in 2014 . In 2019 , Mabusela was the outright winner of the South African Open .
They played for the South African national team in the Chess Olympiads of 2008 , 2010 , 2012 and 2018 , and in the All-Africa Games in 2003 and 2011 . In the 2011 event they won two silver medals , team and individual playing on board 4 .
See also
Chess in South Africa
References
External links
Johannes Mabusela
1984 births
Living people
South African chess players
Chess International Masters
Chess Olympiad competitors
African Games silver medalists for South Africa
African Games medalists in chess
Competitors at the 2003 All-Africa Games
Competitors at the 2011 All-Africa Games
Place of birth missing ( living people )
A furnished cage , sometimes called enriched cage , colony cage or modified cage , is a type of cage used in poultry farming for egg laying hens . Furnished cages have been designed to overcome some of the welfare concerns of battery cages ( also called 'conventional ' or 'traditional cages ' ) whilst retaining their economic and husbandry advantages , and also provide some of the welfare advantages over non-cage systems . Many design features of furnished cages have been incorporated because research in animal welfare science has shown them to be of benefit to the hens .
History and legislation
Battery cages have already banned in several countries including all European Union member states ( since 2012 under European Union Council Directive 1999/74/EC ) , Norway ( since 2012 ) and Switzerland ( since 1992 ) . New Zealand will phase out battery cages by 2022 and Canada by 2036 . Prototype commercial furnished cage systems were being developed in the 1980s . As alternatives to battery cages , the EU Council Directive allowed non-cage systems and furnished cages . Furnished cages therefore represent a feasible alternative to battery cages in the EU after 2012 .
Austria banned battery cages in 2009 and is set to ban furnished cages by 2020 . Belgium officially prohibits battery cages for meat rabbits since 1 January 2020 and will also prohibit enriched cages from 31 January 2024 . However , the alternative system of 'park cages ' , in which groups of at least 20 animals are given 800 cm² per animal ( 12.5 rabbits per m² ) has also faced heavy criticism from animal welfarists , especially when in early 2020 the Flemish Centre for Agro and Fishery Marketing ( VLAM ) launched a campaign to consume more rabbit meat . Germany introduced a ‘ family cage ' , which has more space than the furnished cages used in other countries ; however , consumers in Germany had reportedly been rejecting these eggs by 2011 . Caged farming was eventually banned in Germany in 2015 , with a transition period to 2025 . Outside the EU , Switzerland has already banned both the battery and furnished cage systems .
All major UK supermarkets have promised to stop selling eggs from furnished cages by 2025 . In April 2010 , the Norwegian grocery chain Rema 1000 decided to stop selling eggs from both battery and furnished cage hens by the year 2012 . Several more industry groups have decided to voluntarily phase out furnished cages as well , such as NorgesGruppen by 2019 and Nortura by 2024 , while in April 2017 the Green Party proposed to ban furnished cages throughout the country by 2025 .
EU specifications
Under Directive 1999/74/EC , furnished cages must provide at least the following :
1. laying hens must have :
( a ) at least 750 cm2 [ 120 sq in ] of cage area per hen , 600 cm2 [ 90 sq in ] of which shall be usable ; the height of the cage other than that above the usable area shall be at least 20 cm [ 8 '' ] at every point and no cage shall have a total area that is less than 2000 cm2 [ 400 sq in ] ;
( b ) a nest ;
( c ) litter such that pecking and scratching are possible ;
( d ) appropriate perches allowing at least 15 cm [ 6 '' ] per hen ;
2. a feed trough which may be used without restriction must be provided . Its length must be at least 12 cm [ 5 '' ] multiplied by the number of hens in the cage ;
3. each cage must have a drinking system appropriate to the size of the group ; where nipple drinkers are provided , at least two nipple drinkers or two cups must be within the reach of each hen ;
4. to facilitate inspection , installation and depopulation of hens there must be a minimum aisle width of 90 cm [ 36 '' ] between tiers of cages and a space of at least 35 cm [ 14 '' ] must be allowed between the floor of the building and the bottom tier of cages ;
5. cages must be fitted with suitable claw-shortening devices .
Additionally ,
( a ) if systems of rearing are used where the laying hens can move freely between different levels ,
( i ) there shall be no more than four levels ;
( ii ) the headroom between the levels must be at least 45 cm [ 18 '' ] ;
( iii ) the drinking and feeding facilities must be distributed in such a way as to provide equal access for all hens ;
( iv ) the levels must be so arranged as to prevent droppings falling on the levels below .
As the minimum total area of 2000cm2 per cage allows 2.7 times the minimum of 750cm2 cage area per hen , this means that a maximum of two laying hens is acceptable in the smallest of cages .
Furnished cages and battery cages
Furnished cages retain several advantages of battery cages in that they
Separate the eggs from the hens ' feces thereby keeping the eggs clean
Protect the hens from predation
Automatically collect the eggs thereby preventing egg-eating and floor-laying which both incur additional cost
Retain a small group size which reduces injurious pecking behaviour
Current designs
There is no clear limit to the size of the furnished cages . Although initial models were not much larger than conventional battery cages , most current designs house 40 to 80 hens although one system houses 115 hens .
The depth of furnished cages is often more than the depth of battery cages and as a result , they are often arranged with only one cage row per level , i.e . not connected back-to-back . The more shallow cages can be connected back-to-back . To create space for large groups of hens , some designs of furnished cages are very long . Cage bottoms are made of wire mesh or plastic slats and are sloped so that eggs not laid in the nest box roll onto an egg belt . Feed is provided in feeders outside the cage , although in some designs there may be internal feeders or a combination of the two . Perches in some designs are raised and in others are at floor level .
Welfare benefits
In a study by Sherwin et al . ( 2010 ) , which compared the welfare benefits of hens in furnished cages , battery cages , free range and barn systems , hens in furnished cages had the lowest faecal corticosterone ( a hormone that indicates stress levels ) , the lowest number of hens that were vented pecked , the lowest number of eggshells with calcium spots ( an indicator of stress when the egg is temporarily retained by the hen ) , the lowest number of eggshells with blood spots on ( usually caused by prolapse ) , the lowest score of skin damage , the lowest severity of vent damage caused by vent pecking and lowest plumage soiling . Hens in furnished cages had a similar percentage of hens with recent keel fractures which are usually caused during depopulation ( 3.6 % ) compared to hens in barn ( 1.2 % ) and free-range systems ( 1.3 % ) , all of which were considerably lower than in hens from battery cages ( 24.6 % ) . Furthermore , hens in furnished cages had a smaller percentage of old keel fractures ( 31.7 % ) compared to hens in barn ( 69.1 % ) and free-range ( 59.8 % ) systems but more than hens in battery cages ( 17.7 % ) . This indicates that furnished cages protect against the keel breaks that are common amongst non-caged hens and also protects against the effects of osteoporosis prevalent in battery cages causing bones to be weak and easily broken during depopulation . In this study , mortality rates were above the breed standards in all systems except the furnished cages .
Welfare disadvantages
Furnished cages provide more space than battery cages but still prevent some behaviours such as vigorous wing-flapping , flying , nest-building ( no materials are provided ) and inhibit others ( comfort or grooming behaviours ) determined partly by the numbers of hens in the cage .
The hens are not separated from their feces as completely as hens in battery cages and therefore are at a greater risk of disease , although not as great as the risk to hens in non-cage systems . The small amount of litter that is provided in furnished cages is often distributed quickly or flicked out the cage , possibly resulting in frustration for hens wishing to dustbath and resulting in sham dustbathing . The nest boxes are often occupied by hens using the box for behaviours other than egg-laying ( e.g . for sleeping or sham dustbathing ) which could lead to frustration in hens wishing to lay an egg .
Production in furnished cages
Some studies indicate that production in furnished cages is comparable to that in battery cages . Other studies indicate hens housed in furnished cages have better bodyweights and egg production compared to hens in battery cages .
See also
Abnormal behaviour of birds in captivity
Cannibalism ( poultry )
Chicken # Poultry Farming
Feather pecking
References
Animal welfare
Buildings and structures used to confine animals
Poultry farming
Thomas Adams ( c. 1633 – 11 December 1670 ) was an English academic and theological writer . They were the brother of Richard Adams .
Life
They were born at Woodchurch , Birkenhead , Cheshire , where their father and grandfather , the owners of the advowson , were both beneficed . They became a student of Brasenose College , Oxford , in July 1649 , and was made fellow . They became B.A . on 8 February 1653 , and fellow the same year . They were M.A . on 28 June 1655 , and lecturer-dean .
They were ejected from their fellowship for nonconformity in 1662 , and they spent the remainder of their life as chaplain in private families . They resided within the family of Sir Samuel Jones , and afterwards was chaplain to the Dowager Countess of Clare . They died on 11 December 1670 .
Works
They wrote : Protestant Union , or Principles of Religion wherein the Dissenters agree with the Church of England ; and The Main Principles of Christian Religion , in 107 articles , 1676 and 1677 , prefaced by their brother Richard and addressed to the inhabitants of Wirrall .
Notes
References
Chalmers , Alexander . Appendix to The General Biographical Dictionary . London , [ ca . 1820 ]
1630s births
1670 deaths
Alumni of Brasenose College , Oxford
Fellows of Brasenose College , Oxford
English essayists
English religious writers
Ejected English ministers of 1662
People from Birkenhead
Shabrang ( Persian for `` night color '' ) is the second studio album by Dutch-Iranian singer Sevdaliza . It was released on 28 August 2020 , by Twisted Elegance . The singer wrote and produced the album , primarily alongside Mucky . The album encompasses art pop , trip hop and alternative R & B .
The album spawned the singles `` Darkest Hour '' , `` Oh My God '' , `` Lamp Lady '' , `` Joanna '' and `` Habibi '' , as well as `` Human Nature '' , which was originally released as part of Sevdaliza 's 2018 extended play The Calling , their previous release . The album cover was shot by Tré Koch .
Upon its release , Shabrang was met with critical acclaim . Critics praised its emotional background , and its `` slow-moving beauty '' .
Background
On 7 March 2019 , Sevdaliza released `` Darkest Hour '' , followed by another single `` Martyr '' on 11 April . The two were thought to be standalone singles , however `` Darkest Hour '' would appear on digital copies of Shabrang . They would continue to subtly tease new music and visuals throughout the year .
In February 2020 , Sevdaliza revealed that they had been working on their then unannounced sophomore album for the past two years , alongside close and frequent collaborators Mucky , Leon Den Engelsen and Mihai Puscoiu .
Music and lyrics
Compared to their previous trip hop releases , Shabrang witnesses Sevdaliza gracefully moving through different musical styles , from art pop to trip hop as well as some moments of alternative R & B in between . Within this mixture lies a delicately soft milieu nature .
Release
On 7 March 2019 , Sevdaliza released `` Darkest Hour '' , which at its time of release , was believed to be a standalone single .
On 30 January 2020 , Sevdaliza released the protest song `` Oh My God '' .
On 10 March , Sevdaliza announced the release of single `` Lamp Lady '' . It was released 18 March .
On 23 May , Sevdaliza announced the release of single `` Joanna '' . A day before its release , Sevdaliza took to their Instagram stories to express their love towards the song , saying , `` I wrote the song in 2018 and it 's grown to be one of my favorite compositions . `` Joanna '' was released 27 May , alongside an accompanying music video , directed by Marlou Fernanda & Sevdaliza .
Sevdaliza announced Shabrang on 30 July . In a statement about the album , Sevdaliza said :
The song `` Rhode '' was made available to listen early the same day as the album 's announcement , exclusively on the streaming platform Apple Music or if the album was pre-ordered on Apple Music .
On 19 August , Sevdaliza released the single `` Habibi '' , and announced an upcoming accompanying music video for the single . The music video was released 26 August and is directed by the `` creative directing duo '' , sevda+ana , which consists of Sevdaliza and Russian filmmaker Anastasia Konovalova . The duo also plan to direct visuals separate from Sevdaliza 's work .
Audio and music publication MusicNGear listed Shabrang as one of the best albums from 2020 , stating that `` the songs have a poetic and parable-esque quality to them - creating a chilling and alluring soundscape . ''
Track listing
All tracks written by Sevdaliza ; all tracks produced by Sevdaliza and Mucky .
Notes
`` Darkest Hour '' does not appear on physical editions of the album .
`` Gole Bi Goldoon '' is a cover of `` Gole Bee Goldoon '' , performed by Googoosh .
`` Human Nature '' has been updated since its original release on the 2018 extended play The Calling . It is 53 seconds shorter in length and features new string sections .
Personnel
Credits adapted from album 's liner notes .
Composed by : Sevdaliza , Mucky , Leon Den Engelsen , Mihai Puscoiu , Joel Dieleman , Raven Aartsen , Ludowic
Mixed by : Sevdaliza and Mucky
Mastered by : Mucky
Charts
Release history
References
2020 albums
Sevdaliza albums
The SpVgg Burgbrohl is a German association football club from the town of Burgbrohl , Rhineland-Palatinate . Apart from football the club also offers other sports like basketball and volleyball .
The club 's greatest success has been promotion to the tier five Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar in 2013 .
History
SpVgg Burgbrohl was formed on 13 March 1904 .
The football department of the club was formed in 1973 as SG Brohltal as a cooperation of local clubs SpVgg Burgbrohl , TuS Niederoberweiler and SV Glees and , for the first three decades of its history , has been a non-descript amateur side in local football . After 35 years , in 2008 , the SG Brohltal was dissolved and the football team joined SpVgg Burgbrohl because as a Spielgemeinschaft , the team could not legally rise above the level of its local football association and therefore would have been barred from promotion to the Oberliga .
The club earned promotion to the tier-five Rheinlandliga for the first time in 2003 , a league it would play in for the next decade . Burgbrohl finished in the upper half of the table every season except in 2009–10 , when it came thirteenth . The clubs era in this league culminated in 2013 when it won a championship and promotion to the Oberliga Rheinland-Pfalz/Saar .
In its first season there Burgbrohl finished tenth in the league .
During the 2016–17 season Burgbrohl finished last in the league . The goal difference of the last 17 games of the season was 3:216 . At the end of the season the club was considered the worst of all clubs in the first five levels of German football and , following this unfortunate performance , subsequently withdrew its first team from game operations and has since played in the ninth-tier Kreisliga B .
Honours
The club 's honours :
League
Rheinlandliga
Champions : 2013
Cup
Rhineland Cup
Runners-up : 2010 , 2015
Recent seasons
The recent season-by-season performance of the club :
With the introduction of the Regionalligas in 1994 and the 3 . Liga in 2008 as the new third tier , below the 2 . Bundesliga , all leagues below dropped one tier .
Key
References
External links
Official team site
Official website of the football department
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables
{
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Rhineland-Palatinate
Association football clubs established in 1973
Sport clubs established in 1904
1904 establishments in Germany
Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf ( ) is a subsidized private , previously Jesuit French-language educational institution offering secondary school and college-level instruction in Quebec . It was originally a boys ' school but since 2014 admits both girls and boys .
The school is located at 3200 Côte-Sainte-Catherine Road . Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf is also a boarding school for college students wishing to reside at the college from Monday to Friday , and also during weekends .
Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf is commonly seen as one of the foremost schools in Quebec , and it has the seventh place in the Fraser Institute School Ranking as of 2020 . In addition to government subsidies of roughly $ 4,500 per student every year , the school is able to maintain low tuition due to large class sizes .
With alumni Pierre Trudeau and Justin Trudeau , Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf is the secondary education institution that has produced the most Canadian prime ministers in the country . It also was the alma mater of Quebec Premiers Robert Bourassa and Pierre-Marc Johnson , and of Leaders of the Official Opposition of Quebec such as , André Boisclair and Pierre-Karl Péladeau .
History
Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf was founded by the Jesuits in 1928 . The college was named after Catholic missionary and martyr Jean de Brébeuf .
The college traces its origins to the merger of several institutions which became public ones in 1967 , when the Quebec system of public colleges was created . Built in 1928 , the campus was designed by Dalbé Viau and Alphonse Venne .
It began accepting girls for secondary 1 to 5 starting from 2013 because of a need of funding . However , boys ' and girls ' classes take place in separate parts of the college before secondary 5 . The school has been secular since 1986 .
On May 4 , 2016 , a college student celebration on campus got overly rowdy : smoke bombs were thrown into hallways and some classroom windows were broken .
Programs
Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf offers a number of two-year pre-university programs ( unlike public colleges , it does not offer technical programs , which typically take around three years to complete and lead directly to certification for a specific trade or profession ) . Pre-university college degrees cover subject matter roughly equivalent to that of the additional year of high school given elsewhere in Canada in preparation for a chosen field of study in university .
Post-secondary students attending Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf can choose one of several programs of study , depending on the concentrations required for the university program in which they intend to pursue their studies . The college offers programs in Social Science , Literature & Communications , Health Science , Pure and Applied Science and Arts & Sciences .
In addition to the standard Diploma of College Studies , students in certain programs are also awarded an International Baccalaureate ( IB ) or Sciences , Lettres et Arts ( FR ) diploma ( all-rounded preparatory for all university majors except music and dance , known as Arts and Science in English-language colleges ) .
Subjects taught in the secondary part of the school include Mathematics , French , English , Ethics and religious culture , Gym , Art , Sciences , Geography and History . From secondary 1 to 4 , three separate programs are offered to students : additional Sports , Latin , and International Baccalaureate . In secondary 5 , in addition to the common core courses ( i.e. , the compulsory courses that all secondary 5 students must take ) , students choose from a combination of two optional courses : either physics and chemistry ( the science combination ) or modern European history and 20th century history ( the history combination ) . Students must obtain a grade of 75 % or above in science and mathematics in secondary 4 to be eligible for the science combination .
The secondary school curriculum has strong ties to the Cours classique ( FR ) , the long-standing education system that was used in Quebec prior to the creation of the current system in the mid-1960s . Most notably , the study of Latin and the emphasis on logic and rhetoric still present in Brébeuf 's curriculum are evidence of these ties .
Since September 2012 , the school has offered an international program , which includes courses in Spanish .
Reputation
Collège Jean-de-Brébeuf is widely regarded as one of the best and most prestigious secondary schools in Quebec . It has ranked number 1 , tied with a few others , continuously for several years , and has consistently received high rankings ( 10/10 ) from the Fraser Institute for academic achievement . It is also placed as one of the best schools in the entire country .
Athletics
The school is known for being very competitive in basketball , lacrosse and fencing , having won provincial titles in basketball several times and having many of its former students fence at international levels . The school also competes at provincial and regional level hockey , volleyball , cheerleading , broomball , cross-country running , badminton and rugby competitions . The school 's lacrosse team has been in the finals for the four years it has played and has won the title three consecutive years .
Notable alumni
See also
List of colleges in Quebec
Higher education in Quebec
References
External links
Official web page
Education in Montreal
High schools in Montreal
Private schools in Quebec
Private subsidized colleges in Quebec
International Baccalaureate schools in Quebec
Educational institutions established in 1928
Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce
Jesuit secondary schools in Canada
1928 establishments in Quebec
William Sigurd Bourne ( 28 March 1954 – 16 April 2022 ) was a Canadian musician . A multiple Canadian Juno Award nominee and winner , Bourne used traditional music elements from around the world .
Early life and education
Born in Red Deer , Alberta , and raised in a musical family in rural Alberta , Bourne 's musical education began at two years of age when they would sleep behind the piano at country dances where their parents ' band would perform .
Career
Bourne formed a duo with Alan MacLeod ; the pair won a Juno Award . Bourne was also a member of the traditional Scottish band , the Tannahill Weavers .
Beginning in 2000 , Bourne was a member of the string collective Tri-Continental along with Madagascar Slim and Lester Quitzau , and recorded with them on four albums .
In 2002 Bourne released the album Voodoo King .
Bourne has also collaborated with Shannon Johnson , Lester Quitzau , Madagascar Slim , Aysha Wills , Eivør Pálsdóttir , Wyckham Porteous , and Jasmine Ohlhauser .
In 2011 Bourne fronted the Free Radio Dance Band , with their son Pat Bourne for the recording of an album , Bluesland . In 2012 they collaborated with Tippy Agogo and other well-known musicians to release Amoeba Collective .
In 2013 , Bourne led the historic Edmonton Christmas album titled An Edmonton Christmas : Live Off the Floor , along with other Edmontonian artists including Joe Nolan , Jenie Thai , Jeremy `` Jey '' Witten , and Justine Vandergrift .
They died of cancer on 16 April 2022 .
Discography
1981 Bill Bourne
1997 Farmer , Philanthropist & Musician
1998 Sally 's Dream
2002 Voodoo King
2007 Boon Tang
2009 Between Trains
2011 Bluesland
2012 Songs from a Gypsy Caravan
2012 Amoeba Collective
2017 Hummingbird
2020 A Love Fandango
With The Tannahill Weavers
1983 The Tannahill Weavers , Passage
With Bourne & MacLeod
1990 Dance and Celebrate
1992 Moonlight Dancer
2002 Bootleg
With Shannon Johnson
1994 Dear Madonna
1996 Victory Train
With Schuld & Stamer
1996 No Special Rider
With Tri-Continental
2000 Tri-Continental
2002 Live
2003 Let 's Play
2004 Drifting
2018 Dust Dance
Other Album Appearances
1991 Saturday Night Blues , Vol . 1
2003 Songs from the Carol Project
2013 An Edmonton Christmas : Live Off The Floor
References
External links
Bill Bourne on Myspace
Entry at thecanadianencyclopedia.ca
1954 births
2022 deaths
Deaths from bladder cancer
Canadian folk guitarists
Canadian male guitarists
Canadian songwriters
People from Red Deer , Alberta
The Tannahill Weavers members
`` LoveStoned '' ( also known as `` LoveStoned/I Think They Know '' ) is a song by American singer and songwriter Justin Timberlake from their second studio album , FutureSex/LoveSounds ( 2006 ) . It was released on June 29 , 2007 . It was written and produced by Timberlake , Timothy `` Timbaland '' Mosley and Nate `` Danja '' Hills . In contrast to the album 's theme about sexual innuendos with themes of love , `` LoveStoned '' contains sexually suggestive lyrics . Musically `` LoveStoned '' is an upbeat dance song , contrasting with the interlude of `` I Think They Know '' which has a more slow , quiet , guitar-driven sound . The song won the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording at the 2008 ceremony . The official remix by Justice , Tiësto and Kaskade was released later .
Background and release
After the release of their debut solo album Justified in 2002 , Timberlake thought they `` lost their voice '' in the sense that they did not like what they were doing . They felt `` burnt out '' after Justified ; this partly changed their career 's direction , wherein they took a break from the music industry and instead appeared in films . When they felt inspired to compose songs again , they did not choose to reunite with their former band NSYNC , although they considered doing it after their first record . Instead , they went to former Justified collaborator Timbaland 's studio in Virginia Beach , Virginia to begin sessions for their second album . However , not one of them had an idea of what the album would be–no plan for it and even a title . `` LoveStoned / I Think They Know '' was written by Justin Timberlake , Timbaland , and Nate `` Danja '' Hills as a sexual love song . In an interview with MTV News , while promoting their second album , FutureSex/LoveSounds , Timberlake revealed that the first half of the album generally focuses on sex . `` LoveStoned '' contains sexually suggestive lyrics , with the line , `` She 's going home with me tonight '' . `` LoveStoned '' was originally scheduled to be released to mainstream radio in the United States in April 2007 .
Composition
`` LoveStoned/I Think They Know '' is an R & B and art rock song . The song is composed in the key of F minor and is set in time signature of common time with a tempo of 120 beats per minute . The first part of the song , `` LoveStoned '' , starts off to `` a boast '' and the interlude `` I Think They Know '' transitions into `` an adoring two-minute love song about someone special '' . The song also includes `` human beatbox sounds '' . The musicscape features string arrangements on both songs and includes Timberlake 's `` famous falsetto '' . In an interview with Rolling Stone , Timberlake admitted that the `` drony guitar interlude '' featured in `` I Think They Know '' was inspired by the alternative rock band Interpol . The Guardian 's Alexis Petridis said of the unexpected shift in tone , `` the sweaty , slap-bass funk vanishes , in favour of vigorously strummed , vaguely Sonic Youth-ish guitars , luscious strings and a gorgeous Kraftwerk-inspired counter-melody . '' Martin Turenne of The Georgia Straight described `` LoveStoned '' as `` a space-age disco track in which they [ Timberlake ] rhapsodizes about a statuesque goddess who casts a lustfully narcotic spell , leaving them defenceless against their predatory wiles '' . Russell Baillie of The New Zealand Herald reported that the song has a `` prowling funk '' sound . Jon Pareles of The New York Times noted that the sound was similar of recording artist Michael Jackson 's 1983 song `` Billie Jean '' . Pareles concluded that the track 's `` pulsating guitar arrangement '' were those similar to rock band U2 .
Christy Lemire of the Associated Press described the theme of the song as , `` Justin sees a gorgeous girl on the floor and longs to bring them back to the VIP Room and/or just cut to the chase and take them directly home '' . Barry Schwartz of Stylus magazine interpreted Timberlake 's point of view , citing that `` LoveStoned '' is `` high from sex '' . Cameron Adams of the Herald Sun said that FutureSex/LoveSounds is a `` bedroom '' album and included `` LoveStoned '' as part of it . Turenne concluded that the single is not just a song , `` it 's the start of an S & M porno script '' .
Critical response
In the Entertainment Weekly review of the album , critic Chris Willman wrote : `` Superior tracks , like 'LoveStoned ' and 'What Comes Around ' , suggest a happy middle path , where Timberlake can equally embrace Timbaland 's canny beats and their own vocal helium . '' Tim Finney of Pitchfork Media described the song as `` brilliantly ... tight , clipped disco funk '' and went onto say that it `` descends precipitously into the gorgeous melancholy of ' I Think That They Knows ' , all MOR-rock guitar churn and weightless strings , the same chorus ... transformed from infatuation to the paranoid and elegiac admission of an addict '' . Lauren Murphy of Entertainment.ie noted `` LoveStoned '' as excellent and `` a sexy , layered affair with inspired violin intervals , and the consecutive interlude is a classy sliver of deftly-produced pop '' . Lucy Davies of the BBC wrote : `` 'LoveStoned ' is a great track , with chopping violins , beatboxing , and bongos . ' I Think They Knows ' , the interlude which follows , is quite beautiful , shimmering , and brilliantly constructed . '' Jonah Weiner of Blender wrote , `` From the grinding 'SexyBack ' to the percolating 'LoveStoned ' ... the vibe is all infectious , feverish build-up . '' Rolling Stone believed that `` LoveStoned/I Think They Know '' was the `` madcap peak '' of the `` historic creative roll '' of Timberlake and Timbaland , describing the song as `` flowing from hip-hop bump-and-grind to an ambient wash of Interpol-inspired guitar drone . ''
At the 50th Grammy Awards , `` LoveStoned '' won a Grammy Award in the category of Best Dance Recording . It was ranked at the number four spot on Entertainment Weekly 's `` Best Songs of 2007 '' .
French electronic duo Justice released a remixed version of `` LoveStoned '' in July 2007 . Dutch musician Tiësto was asked to remix `` LoveStoned '' and released their version of the song on their weekly radio show titled Tiësto 's Club Life , which they then later released on iTunes . Guitarist Kaki King recorded a cover portion of `` I Think They Know '' for Engine Room Recordings ' compilation album Guilt by Association Vol . 2 , which was released in November 2008 . `` Penn Masala '' , the popular South Asian fusion a cappella group , recorded an a cappella cover of `` LoveStoned '' fused with the song `` Ya Ali '' from the Bollywood film , Gangster . The song was chosen for Best of A Cappella ( BOCA ) 2010 .
Commercial performance
In North America , the single was officially solicited to radio in June 2007 . `` LoveStoned '' appeared on the Billboard Hot 100 , and debuted at number 85 , at number 17 in the Hot Digital Songs chart . It appeared on Billboard 's Pop 100 in the number seven position . `` LoveStoned/I Think They Know '' reached the number one spot on Billboard 's Hot Dance Club Play and Hot Dance Airplay . Upon release , `` LoveStoned/I Think They Know '' was downloaded 39,000 times on iTunes as of February 2007 . As of 2018 , the song has sold 1.12 million copies in the country .
The track peaked within the top ten in nine countries . `` LoveStoned '' appeared in the UK Singles Chart on June 23 , 2007 , in the number 63 position . It peaked at number 11 , spent nineteen weeks on the chart , before retiring at number 95 . The song attained top five positions in the Netherlands , South Africa , and Turkey , and entered the top ten in Denmark , Finland , Italy , and Sweden .
Music video
Directed by Robert Hales , filming for the music video took place at Web Studios in Salford , England . In order for the lighting effects , Timberlake and Hales were required to use 600 kilowatts of lighting power , the most the studios ever used . Visual effects for the video were produced by the multi-disciplinary design studio , Blind .
In the video , Timberlake is illustrated in the form of a blue frequency . Throughout this portion of the video , a woman and a heart are also seen in this form . Mid-way in the song , Timberlake can be seen playing an electric guitar . Also , the first half of the `` I Think They Know Interlude '' is cut out in the video . At the end , Timberlake is shown singing in a white background with electronic pulses traveling along the hills behind him , symbolizing their state of mind is in a trance .
The video for `` LoveStoned/I Think They Know '' premiered on Yahoo ! Music on June 13 , 2007 , and on MuchMusic 's MuchOnDemand on June 14 , 2007 . Total Request Live ( TRL ) premiered the video on June 18 and it debuted at number nine on June 19 .
Live performances
Timberlake performed `` LoveStoned '' live at MTV Europe Music Awards 2006 at the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards . and again at the Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show .
The song was part of the set list for FutureSex/LoveShow ( 2007 ) , Legends of the Summer ( 2013 ) , The 20/20 Experience World Tour ( 2013–15 ) and The Man of the Woods Tour ( 2018–19 ) .
In addition it was featured on the setlist for three editions of Rock in Rio in 2013 , 2014 and 2017 .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
See also
List of number-one dance singles of 2007 ( U.S . )
References
2006 songs
2007 singles
Dance-pop songs
Justin Timberlake songs
Number-one singles in Turkey
Song recordings produced by Danja ( record producer )
Song recordings produced by Timbaland
Music videos directed by Robert Hales
Songs written by Justin Timberlake
Songs written by Timbaland
Songs written by Danja ( record producer )
Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording
Song recordings produced by Justin Timberlake
Jive Records singles
is a railway station in Iwakuni , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Kōjiro Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line .
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1944
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Hispaniachelys is an extinct genus of thalassochelydian turtle known from the Lorente Formation of southern Spain . Reinterpretation of the original material shows that the taxon lacks diagnostic characteristics and is thus a nomen dubium .
Description
Hispaniachelys is known from postcranial material . It is the only known tetrapod from the Mesozoic of the Prebetic and the oldest turtle from southern Europe , dating to the late Oxfordian of the early Late Jurassic , about 161.2-158 million years ago .
Etymology
Hispaniachelys was first named by Ben J. Slater , Matías Reolid , Remmert Schouten , and Michael J. Benton in 2011 and the type species is Hispaniachelys prebetica . The generic name is derived from Hispania , a Roman name for the Iberian Peninsula or Spain , and -chelys , Greek for `` turtle '' . The specific name refers to the Prebetic , where the holotype was discovered .
References
Thalassochelydia
Prehistoric turtle genera
Oxfordian genera
Late Jurassic turtles
Late Jurassic reptiles of Europe
Jurassic Spain
Fossils of Spain
Fossil taxa described in 2011
Taxa named by Michael Benton
Maúa District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique . The principal town is Maúa .
Area : 7,976 km2 .
Population ( est . 2005 ) : 52,852
Further reading
District profile ( PDF )
Districts in Niassa Province
Zamłynie may refer to the following places :
Zamłynie , Brzeziny County in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Zamłynie , Zduńska Wola County in Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Zamłynie , Hrubieszów County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Zamłynie , Lesser Poland Voivodeship ( south Poland )
Zamłynie , Tomaszów Lubelski County in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Zamłynie , Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Zamłynie , Silesian Voivodeship ( south Poland )
Crisol Celeste Caraballo Carreño best known as Crisol Carabal ( born 11 January 1971 ) is a Venezuelan television and theater actor known for their roles in telenovelas .
Career
Crisol began their artistic career through reciting poems on a television show called Cuánto Vale el Show transmitted by RCTV , and started their acting career by obtaining small roles in RCTV telenovelas . They were trained in acting by actor and through this , they obtained their first acting role in the telenovela Abigail where they played the role of Charito , the best friend of the titular character played by Catherine Fulop . The telenovela became a major hit that year and was transmitted in various countries around the world .
In 1995 , they obtained their first starring role in the telenovela Ilusiones alongside Vicente Tepedino .
In 2006 , they played the villain in Venevisión 's telenovela Los Querendones where they played the cold hearted OB/GYN Dr. Gloria Millares . They recorded several telenovelas with Venevisión in the following years namely Aunque mal paguen and La vida entera . They then relocated to Canary Islands , Spain with their husband , magician Mago Sandro .
In 2012 , Crisol returned to Venezuela to participate in the telenovela Mi ex me tiene ganas to play the villain Amanda Atenas .
Personal life
Them father is the poet Alejandro Caraballo . Since 2007 they are married to Alessandro Nerilli a magician . In 1997 , Crisol was diagnosed with a brain tumor and underwent surgery which was successfully removed .
Telenovelas
1988 : [ [ Selva María ] ] as Daniela
1988 : Abigail as Charito
1992 : Por Estas Calles as Bettysabel
1993 : Dulce Ilusión as Sarita
1994 : Pura Sangre as Yomira Sarmiento
1995 : Ilusiones as Marisol Palacios
1997 : Maria de Los Angeles as Alba Griselda Basanta Vargas
1998 : Luisa Fernanda ( telenovela ) as Miriam Linares
2000 : Mariú as Amanda Galvez Escorza
2000 : Angelica pecado as Veronica
2002 : Mambo y canela as Lolita
2003 : Trapos íntimos as Angela Chacón
2004 : Estrambotica Anastasia as Gregoria Borosfky
2005 : Ser Bonita No Basta as Michelle
2006 : Los Querendones as Gloria Millares
2007 : Aunque mal paguen as Malinka
2008 : La vida entera as Titina San Juan
2012 : Mi ex me tiene ganas as Amanda Atenas
Films
2003 : La señora de Cárdenas as Angélica
Theater
2004 : Confesiones de Mujeres de 30
2009 : ¿Estás ahí ?
References
External links
Crisol Carabal una actriz polifacética at www.magazine.com.ve
1971 births
Living people
Venezuelan film actores
Venezuelan telenovela actores
Actresses from Caracas
Kalaw Township ( ) is a township of Taunggyi District in the Shan State of Myanmar . The principal town is Kalaw . This township contains Kalaw , Aungban and Heho .
Townships of Shan State
Taunggyi District
The Men 's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay competition of the 2019 African Games was held on 23 August 2019 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world and championship records were as follows .
Results
Final
The final was started on 23 August .
References
Men 's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay
The Hippopotamus and Crocodile Hunt is an oil painting on canvas by Peter Paul Rubens . It was commissioned in 1615 to decorate Schleißheim Palace , along with three other works depicting lion , wolf , and boar hunts . The cycle of paintings was looted from the palace during the Napoleonic Wars . Only the Hippopotamus and Crocodile Hunt was returned to Munich , at which time it was added to the collection that is now the Alte Pinakothek .
Description
Peter Paul Rubens created the canvas oil painting entitled The Hippopotamus and Crocodile Hunt between 1615–16 . The hunt takes place on the banks of the Nile , as indicated by a palm tree in the background . As hippopotami and crocodiles were considered dangerous nuisances , their destruction was a duty performed by noblemen . The hunting party comprises three men in orientalizing costume—mounted on Arabian horses , who hunt with lance and sword—and two valets clad in roughly-hewn jerkins—one of whom has been killed by one of the beasts . The enraged hippopotamus tramples the crocodile , as both are attacked by the hunters and hounds . The accurately-rendered physical appearances of the hippopotamus and crocodile contrasts with contemporary renderings and reflect the period 's growing interest in empiricism and natural history . It has been suggested that Rubens may have traveled to Rome to view a temporarily-displayed dead hippopotamus preserved in brine prior to the painting of the picture .
History
Rubens contributed to the long-standing genre of the large hunting scene and their studio produced dozens for aristocratic patrons in the 1610s and 1620s . Maximilian I , Elector of Bavaria , commissioned the Hippopotamus and Crocodile Hunt three others depicting lion , wolf , and boar hunts , in 1615 to decorate Schleißheim Palace , the summer residence of the Wittelsbach princes . Rubens and their studio produced the four large canvases in Antwerp over the years 1615–16 . The Wittelsbach collection formed the nucleus of Alte Pinakothek in Munich , the present location of the Hippopotamus and Crocodile Hunt and The Lion Hunt from the same cycle . The cycle of paintings is looted from the palace during the Napoleonic Wars . Only the Hippopotamus and Crocodile Hunt was returned to Munich , at which time it was added to the collection that is now the Alte Pinakothek .
The complexity of the figure grouping , representation of turbulent motion and violent action , high drama , and brilliant palette are hallmarks of Rubens ' style . In the notice of January 25 , 1847 , Eugène Delacroix admired the crocodile as a `` masterpiece of execution '' , remarking , however , that `` its action could have been more interesting '' .
Related subjects by Rubens
References
Reptiles in art
Paintings by Peter Paul Rubens
Paintings of people
1616 paintings
Dogs in art
Horses in art
Collection of the Alte Pinakothek
Hunting in art
Paintings about death
Mammals in art
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation 's poetry or literature ( for instance , Irish or France ) .
Events
July – English poets Lord Byron , Leigh Hunt and Percy Bysshe Shelley agree to start The Liberal , a quarterly published by John Hunt in London from 15 October ; it lasts for four issues .
8 July – Percy Bysshe Shelley , returning from setting up The Liberal in Livorno to Lerici , is drowned as their boat , the Don Juan , sinks in a storm . Their decomposed body , washed ashore ten days later on the beach near Viareggio , is identified by a copy of Keats 's Lamia and Isabella in the jacket pocket and cremated there in the presence of their friends Lord Byron and the adventurer Edward John Trelawny , who claims to have seized Shelley 's heart from the flames . They give it to Mary Shelley , who keeps it for the rest of their life . Shelley 's ashes are interred at the Protestant Cemetery , Rome , where Keats was buried the year before .
Works published in English
United Kingdom
William Barnes , Orra : A Lapland tale
Bernard Barton :
Napoleon , and Other Poems
Verses on the Death of Percy Bysshe Shelley
Thomas Haynes Bayly Erin , and Other Poems
Thomas Lovell Beddoes , The Bride 's Tragedy
Robert Bloomfield , May Day with the Muses
Caroline Bowles ( later Caroline Anne Southey ) , The Widow 's Tale , and Other Poems
Lord Byron :
Cain
Sardanapalus
The Two Foscari
The Vision of Judgment , published anonymously as by `` Quevedo Redivivus '' in the first number of The Liberal , written in response to Southey 's A Vision of Judgement 1821 ; publisher John Hunt omits Byron 's preface justifying the attack on Southey , indicating to Byron that the omission results from Byron 's regular publisher John Murray withholding it when they forwarded the poem to Hunt .
Werner
George Croly , Catiline : A tragedy , including poems
Allan Cunningham , Sir Marmaduke Maxwell ; The Mermaid of Galloway ; The legend of Richard Faulder ; and Twenty Scottish Songs
George Darley , The Errors of Ecstasie : A dramatic poem
Sir Aubrey de Vere , Julian the Apostate
Caroline Fry , Serious Poetry
James Hogg :
The Poetical Works of James Hogg
The Royal Jubilee : A Scottish mask , verse drama
Charles Lloyd , The Duke d'Ormond ; and Beritola
Henry Hart Milman :
Balshazzar
The Martyr of Antioch
Eleanor Anne Porden , Coeur de Lion
Samuel Rogers , Italy : Part the first , published anonymously , Part the Second 1828
Sir Walter Scott , Halidon Hill
Percy Bysshe Shelley , Hellas
William Wordsworth , Ecclesiastical Sonnets
United States
Hew Ainslie , published anonymously A Pilgrimage to the Land of Burns , a travel diary of a tour of Scotland with elaborate descriptions of the scenery and with poetry inspired by the trip , published the same year as the author migrated to the United States
McDonald Clarke , Elixir of Moonshine , Being a Collection of Prose and Poetry by the Mad Poet , including the couplet `` Now twilight lets their curtain down / And Pins it with a star . '' Clarke was known as `` the Mad Poet of Broadway '' for their eccentric behaviour , with impulsive , dramatic reactions to music , fashion and society , although their mild insanity worsened later .
James Lawson , `` Ontwa , the Son of the Forest '' , describing the life of Erie Indians , including notes by Lewis Cass , territorial governor of Michigan ; the poem was later included in Columbian Lyre ; or , Specimens of Transatlantic Poetry , published in Glasgow 1828 .
James McHenry , The Pleasures of Friendship , short lyric poems and a 1,200-line title poem ; nine more editions of the book appeared in the author 's lifetime , each with added minor poems
James Gates Percival , Clio , the first two volumes of poetic soliloquies . A third was published in 1827 .
Other languages
Victor Hugo , Odes et poésies diverses , France
Alfred de Vigny , Poèmes , anonymously published ; the author 's first published book of poems , France
Births
Death years link to the corresponding `` [ year ] in poetry '' article :
14 February – Susan Archer Weiss ( died 1917 ) , American poet
12 March – Thomas Buchanan Read ( died 1872 ) , American poet and portrait painter
10 April – James Monroe Whitfield ( died 1871 ) , African American
16 July – Charles Sangster ( died 1893 ) , Canadian
4 December – Georg Christian Dieffenbach ( died 1901 ) , German
24 December – Matthew Arnold ( died 1888 ) , English poet and essayist
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding `` [ year ] in poetry '' article :
19 March – Józef Wybicki ( born 1747 ) , Polish
8 July – Percy Bysshe Shelley ( born 1792 ) , English
4 August ( 23 July O.S . ) – Kristjan Jaak Peterson ( born 1801 ) , `` father of Estonian poetry ''
7 December – John Aikin ( born 1747 ) , English editor
Date unknown – Hồ Xuân Hương ( born 1772 ) , late Lê Dynasty Vietnamese
See also
Poetry
List of years in poetry
List of years in literature
19th century in literature
19th century in poetry
Romantic poetry
Golden Age of Russian Poetry ( 1800–1850 )
Weimar Classicism period in German poetry , commonly seen to have begun in 1788 and ended in 1805 , with the death of Friedrich Schiller , or 1832 , with that of Goethe
List of poets
Notes
19th-century poetry
Poetry
Inaruwa ( Nepali : इनरुवा ) is a municipality and headquarters of Sunsari District located east of the Koshi Barrage and east of Koshi Tappu Wildlife Reserve in Province No . 1 , Nepal .
It covers an area of .
Inaruwa Municipality is a district headquarters located in Sunsari District under Province No . 1 of Nepal . According to the geographical demarcation , the name of the town is Inaruwa , surrounded by Gadhi Municipality in the east , Bhokraha rural Municipality in the west , Itahari Sub-metropolitan Municipality and Ramdhuni Municipality in the north and Harinagar Municipality in the south . The municipality is politically divided into 10 wards . Inaruwa is one of the six municipalities in the district , while Ramdhuni , Duhabi and Barah are the other municipalities . This Inaruwa Municipality has become a municipality from the Panchayat in the year 2047 BS .
History
During the reign of Bhim shumsher , this land , which has been a forest for thousands of years , is inhabited by slopes , trees , forest . The aim to increase the agricultural production of the two settlements . As the number of Nepali people moving to big cities for settlements including Sikkim , Bhutan , Burma and Assam in India without finding employment in the country , the deforestation work started in the year 1988 , acknowledging the importance of manpower in the country . Although the area has been a densely forested area for thousands of years , a dilapidated dug-out well at the east-north side of the Inaruwa Hospital has now become public . Even after that , the robbers from India were lurking in the same dug wells all day and night , and even hiding in the forest . Later , during deforestation , everyone saw that well as a 'remnant ' . People around the area symbolically called 'इनार ' and to indicate that the place where the well was found is related to a root word or to give the meaning of `` वाला '' . concerned with the related path becomes Inaruwa ( इनार वाला ) . Inaruwa seems to be a meaningful place . This is why Inaruwa is often called Inaruwa ( also Inarwa ) by the Maithili , Tharauti and Bhojpuri speaking people of Terai .
Religious places
Religious places in the municipality include :
Satyanarayan Mandir , Inaruwa 1
Ram Janaki Mandir , Inaruwa 7
Maa Bhagwati Mandir , Inaruwa 1
Shiv Mandir , Inaruwa 1
Maa Durga Mandir , Inaruwa 2
Radha Krishna Mandir , Inaruwa 3
Hanuman Mandir , Inaruwa 4
Latidevi Than , Inaruwa 5
Jama masjid , Inaruwa 4
LaxmiNarayan Mandir , Inaruwa 2
Hatti ghoda than , Inaruwa 8
Administration
Local government consists of a district court , district administrative office , district education office , Malpot karyalaya , district hospital , department of land management , and NEA sub division office .
Geography
Inaruwa lies eastern part of Nepal . It covers 77.92 km² area , sharing boundaries with Ramdhuni Municipality , Harinagar gaupalika , gadhi gaupalika , Itahari sub-metropolitan . It has 10 wards .
Geographically , it is terai with connecting various places . Inaruwa has prennial rivers like sunsari river .
The more aesthetic beauty is added by greenery in lands as majority depends on agriculture . The plane terai levels at 75 m ( approx ) and is rich in fertility of soil .
Demographics
Census 2011
As of 2011 Inaruwa Municipality had a population of 63,593 population , with 31,195 males and 32,398 females . Ward 9 had the highest population of 8,526 , and ward 5 had the lowest population with 8,526 .
In the same year , Inaruwa had 13,020 households , with the highest number of 1,721 in ward 3 , and the lowest number of 1,066 in ward 10 .
Languages
Maithili 47.8 %
Nepali 23 %
Urdu 12 %
Tharu 7.4 %
Uraw 3.2 %
Bhujel 2 %
Newar 1.1 %
other 3.5 %
Religion
Hindu 81.3 %
Islam 16.5 %
Buddhism 0.9 %
Prakriti 0.6 %
Christianity 0.2 %
Others 0.5 %
Preliminary census 2021
According to the preliminary report of the 2021 census , the total number of families is 16931 , the total population is 75,932 , out of which there are 37,273 males and 38,647 females , with a sex ratio of 0.964 ( M/F ) .
Health care
Inaruwa hospital provides 24 hours emergency service . It provides specialist for various human health care . It serves even various programs under government collaboration to provide enough services like health campaign at each ward free of cost . It even provides services under Health insurance policy .
Also each ward of Inaruwa is provided with health posts for primary care .
Sports
Inaruwa has stadium located behind district hospital . Inaruwa is hub for sports like volleyball , football , cricket and many more .
The town hosts national-level sports and tournaments every year , and has hosted many sport tournaments , mainly cricket and football , including the President Gold Cup , Manmohan Smirti Cup , and Sunsari Premier League .
Transportation
Inaruwa lies on the Mahendra Highway and acts as a transport hub between surrounding villages and the cities of Itahari , Biratnagar and Jhumka with Roadways . The nearest airport is Biratnagar Airport , away .
Inaruwa has well finished roadways . It is situated in a fertile plain.Situated on Mahendra Highway and provide diversion towards Biratnagar . It has also road way linking UpTo India border via Dewangunj and Bhutaha .
Inaruwa lies on the Mahendra Highway and acts as a transport hub between surrounding villages and the cities of Itahari , Biratnagar .
Inaruwa has newly built station for bus and provide links to Prakashpur , Bhutaha , junction on Mahendra Highway .
Education
Inaruwa has 68 educational institutions , including playgroup , primary , secondary and higher education up to masters degree level . Inaruwa has six colleges for undergraduate and postgraduate education . It has a 60.54 % literacy rate . Also , a few primary public schools have initiated English-medium education .
Climate
In the winter season , the temperature of Inaruwa is 10–18 ℃ , it increases to 30–42 ℃ during the summer season . About 2007 mm of precipitation falls annually . There is 4 mm of precipitation in December . In July , the precipitation reaches its peak , with an average of 571 mm .
References
External links
Populated places in Sunsari District
Municipalities in Province No . 1
Nepal municipalities established in 1986
Municipalities of Nepal
Municipalities in Sunsari District
Gulab Kaur was an Indian freedom fighter . They were born around 1890 and died in 1941 .
Early life
Born circa 1890 in the village Bakshiwala in Sangrur district of Punjab , India , Gulab Kaur was married to Mann Singh . The couple went to Manila , Philippines , intending to migrate to America ultimately .
Political career
In Manila , Gulab Kaur joined Ghadar Party , an organization founded by Indian immigrants with the aim to liberate the Indian Subcontinent from British Rule .
Gulab Kaur kept vigil on party printing press in guise . Posing as a journalist with a press pass in hand , they distributed arms to the Ghadar Party members . Gulab Kaur also encouraged others to join the Ghadar Party by distributing independence literature and delivering inspiring speeches to Indian passengers of ships .
Gulab Kaur with about fifty other freedom Ghadrites of the Philippines joined the S.S. Korea batch and sailed for India , changing at Singapore from S.S. Korea to Tosha Maru . After reaching India , they with some other revolutionaries were active in the villages of Kapurthala , Hoshiarpur and Jallandhar to mobilize the masses for armed revolution for the cause of the independence of the country .
They were sentenced to two years in prison in Lahore , then in British-India and now in Pakistan , for seditious acts .
There is a book available about Gulab Kaur titled Gadar Di Dhee Gulaab Kaur in Punjabi written by Kesar Singh published in 2014 .
References
Indian independence activists from Punjab , India
Revolutionary movement for Indian independence
Ghadar Party
Indian Sikhs
Prisoners and detainees of British India
People from Sangrur district
Women from Punjab , India
Women Indian independence activists
20th-century Indian women politicians
20th-century Indian politicians
Women in Punjab , India politics
Elections were held in Simcoe County , Ontario on October 27 , 2014 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province .
Simcoe County Council
The county council consists of the mayors and deputy mayors of the municipalities .
Adjala-Tosorontio
Bradford West Gwillimbury
Clearview
Collingwood
Essa
Innisfil
Midland
New Tecumseth
Oro-Medonte
Penetanguishene
Ramara
Severn
Springwater
Tay
Tiny
Wasaga Beach
References
Simcoe
Simcoe County
Passion Play is a dramatic presentation depicting the Passion of Christ .
Passion Play may also refer to :
Films
Passion Play ( film ) , a 2010 film directed by Mitch Glazer
Games
Passion Play ( game ) , a live-action role-playing game , based on the table top role-playing game Fading Suns
Literature
Passion Play , a 1979 novel by Jerzy Kosiński
Passion Play , a 1992 novel by Sean Stewart
Passion Play , a 2010 novel by Beth Bernobich
Music
Albums
A Passion Play , a 1973 album by Jethro Tull , about the journey of a recently deceased man through the afterlife
Passion Plays ( album ) , a 1985 compilation album by The Passions
Passion Play ( album ) , a 1994 record album by Teena Marie
Dark Passion Play , a 2007 Nightwish album
Songs
`` Passion Play '' , a 1981 song by Janis Ian from Restless Eyes
`` Passion Play '' , a 1983 song by Night Ranger from Midnight Madness
`` Passion Play ( When All the Slaves Are Free ) '' , a 1991 song by Joni Mitchell from Night Ride Home
`` Passion Play '' , a 1995 song by Papas Fritas from Papas Fritas
Musicals
Passion ( musical ) , a 1994 musical by Stephen Sondheim
Stage plays
Oberammergau Passion Play , performed since 1634
Passion Play ( play ) , a 1981 stage play by Peter Nichols ( also known as Passion for US production )
Passion Play , a 2003/2004 stage play by Sarah Ruhl
See also
Passion ( disambiguation )
Michael Glover ( born September 1 , 1987 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the TNT KaTropa of the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) . They played college basketball for Iona . They have played professionally in Turkey , Argentina , and Mexico . Their moniker is Optimus Prime .
Glover played for three high schools . Their senior-year transcript from American Christian Academy ( Aston , Pennsylvania ) was voided , and they were ruled ineligible for NCAA Division I play . Glover , a top prospect , decided to sue the NCAA , but a judge dismissed the lawsuit and they did not fight it since their girlfriend had just given birth to a son , Mike Jr. Glover played for two different community colleges—ASA College in Brooklyn and the College of Eastern Utah . Glover enrolled at Iona , where , as a senior , they posted averages of 18.1 points and 9.1 rebounds per game . They were a first-team all-Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference selection both years at Iona .
In 2015 , Glover signed with the Halifax Hurricanes of the National Basketball League of Canada ( NBL ) .
In July 2016 , Glover was signed by the GlobalPort Batang Pier of the Philippine Basketball Association for the Governors ' Cup as a replacement for Dominique Sutton .
References
External links
Profile at RealGM.com
Profile at Latinbasket.com
1987 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Chile
American expatriate basketball people in Mexico
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
Basketball players from New York City
American men 's basketball players
Estudiantes Concordia basketball players
Hacettepe Üniversitesi B.K . players
Halcones de Ciudad Obregón players
Halcones de Xalapa players
Halifax Hurricanes players
Iona Gaels men 's basketball players
Junior college men 's basketball players in the United States
NorthPort Batang Pier players
Panteras de Aguascalientes players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Power forwards ( basketball )
Sportspeople from the Bronx
TNT Tropang Giga players
Utah State Eastern Golden Eagles men 's basketball players
UFC 205 : Alvarez vs. McGregor was a mixed martial arts event promoted by the Ultimate Fighting Championship held on November 12 , 2016 , at Madison Square Garden in New York City , New York .
In what was described by UFC president Dana White as the `` biggest fight card '' in the company 's history , Conor McGregor became the first fighter in the promotion 's history to hold titles in two divisions simultaneously .
Background
This event was the first UFC event hosted in New York City . It was also the first UFC event hosted in the state of New York after the longtime professional MMA ban was revoked in early 2016 . To this point , UFC 7 was the only event contested in the state , taking place in September 1995 in Buffalo .
The UFC worked tirelessly to surpass the law that forbade professional mixed martial arts events in the state , including a drastic measure : they announced an event ( UFC 197 ) for the Madison Square Garden , despite the ban still being in effect . However , it was announced that a preliminary injunction allowing the promotion to hold the event was denied by a federal judge . The event was eventually moved and contested in the promotion 's home base of Las Vegas , Nevada .
Main card : three title bouts , including a champion vs. champion contest
The event was headlined by a UFC Lightweight Championship bout between then champion Eddie Alvarez and UFC Featherweight Champion Conor McGregor . This was the second time in UFC history that champions in different divisions fought for the same title . The first time was at UFC 94 on January 31 , 2009 , when then-welterweight champion Georges St-Pierre defended their title against then-lightweight champion B.J . Penn .
Alvarez was originally expected to make their first title defense against undefeated contender Khabib Nurmagomedov , but it was announced on September 21 that Alvarez missed the contract deadline for the bout and in consequence it was expected to take place at UFC 206 in December . Meanwhile , McGregor was previously expected to challenge for the lightweight title at UFC 196 in February against then champion Rafael dos Anjos . Dos Anjos eventually pulled out due to a broken foot and the bout never materialized .
A UFC Welterweight Championship bout between the champion Tyron Woodley and five-time kickboxing world champion Stephen Thompson took place at the co-main event .
A third title fight , a UFC Women 's Strawweight Championship bout between the champion Joanna Jędrzejczyk and Karolina Kowalkiewicz was also part of the card . The duo met previously in their amateur days in 2012 , when Jędrzejczyk defeated Kowalkiewicz via submission in the Amatorska Liga MMA Tournament final .
A potential middleweight title eliminator between former UFC Middleweight Champion Chris Weidman and 2000 Olympic silver medalist and former world champion in freestyle wrestling Yoel Romero took place at this portion of the event .
A welterweight bout between former champion Robbie Lawler and former lightweight title challenger Donald Cerrone was the first confirmed bout of the event . However , just a few days after the announcement , it was revealed the Lawler decided to take a little more time to get ready for the fight after losing their title via knockout at UFC 201 . They were replaced by The Ultimate Fighter : Team Jones vs . Team Sonnen middleweight winner Kelvin Gastelum , who was scheduled to face Jorge Masvidal one week earlier than the event .
Opening the main card was a women 's bantamweight bout between former Strikeforce and UFC Women 's Bantamweight Champion Miesha Tate and Raquel Pennington . Tate was Pennington 's coach during The Ultimate Fighter : Team Rousey vs . Team Tate .
Preliminary card : a former champion and title challengers stack the under-card
A featherweight contest between former lightweight champion Frankie Edgar and Jeremy Stephens was the featured bout of the preliminary card . A few other bouts also took part of the Fox Sports 1 televised prelims :
Despite being originally expected to face Alvarez , Khabib Nurmagomedov faced Michael Johnson instead in a potential lightweight title eliminator .
A middleweight bout between Tim Boetsch and Rafael Natal .
A welterweight bout between former Bellator Welterweight Champion Lyman Good and Belal Muhammad was scheduled for this portion of the event . However , on October 24 , Good was pulled from the card after being notified by USADA due to a potential anti-doping violation stemming from an out-of-competition sample collected ten days earlier . They were replaced by Vicente Luque .
A lightweight bout between Al Iaquinta and former welterweight title challenger Thiago Alves was previously linked to UFC 202 . However , the pairing was initially delayed and was expected to be contested at this event . Subsequently , Iaquinta announced on September 19 that they pulled out due to a contract dispute with the promotion . They were replaced by Jim Miller . The bout headlined the UFC Fight Pass portion of the event .
To complete the card , there were a women 's bantamweight bout between former title challenger Liz Carmouche and Katlyn Chookagian .
A light heavyweight bout between Gian Villante and Marcos Rogério de Lima was briefly linked to the event . However , Villante pulled out of the fight on September 21 citing injury and the bout was scrapped .
A middleweight bout between Tim Kennedy and former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion and divisional newcomer Rashad Evans was scheduled for the FS1 portion of the event . However , on November 8 , Evans was pulled from the fight after an undisclosed irregularity was found during their pre-fight medical exam . Subsequently , Kennedy was removed from the card as well . The bout is now expected to take place at UFC 206 , a month later .
Weigh-ins
At the weigh-ins , Alves was over their division weight limit by six pounds , weighing in at 162.6 lb . Per New York State Athletic Commission ( NYSAC ) rules , opposing lightweight fighters must weigh within 7 pounds of one another . Having not yet completed their own official weigh-in , Alves ' opponent Jim Miller ( who was within the designated lightweight limit ) was able to rehydrate and officially weigh in over the limit himself , at 157.6 lb , allowing the bout to proceed as catchweight . NYSAC and UFC officials indicated that Alves must not weigh more than 173 lb the day of the fight , or it would be cancelled . As a result of missing the original designated weight , Alves was fined 20 % of their purse , which went to their opponent .
Kelvin Gastelum did not appear for the official weigh-ins , announcing via Twitter that they would not fight Cerrone `` on account that they could n't make the weight limit '' . Prior to this announcement , Cerrone had already successfully weighed in at 170.4 lb , meaning they were unable to subsequently rehydrate as Miller did , to keep within 7 pounds of their over-weight opponent . In an interview after hearing the news , Cerrone stated they would have `` blown weight too , '' had Gastelum informed them prior . As a result , Gastelum was pulled from the card and UFC president Dana White stated they will never let them fight at welterweight in the organization again , and that they believe Gastelum missed weight by 10 pounds . Despite the one-day notice , it was reported a small number of fighters were interested in filling in to fight Cerrone . According to one candidate Alan Jouban , UFC matchmaker Joe Silva was interested in having them fill in , however , according to Jouban , the NYSAC would not consider sanctioning any fighters on such short notice .
Consequently , the bout was scrapped . Cerrone was quickly rescheduled and faced Matt Brown the following month at UFC 206 .
Results
Bonus awards
The following fighters were awarded $ 50,000 bonuses :
Fight of the Night : Tyron Woodley vs. Stephen Thompson
Performance of the Night : Conor McGregor and Yoel Romero
Records set
The ceremonial weigh-ins set an attendance record of 15,480 spectators . The event reportedly generated $ 17,700,000 in gate receipts , which broke the UFC 129 record for a mixed martial arts event , as well as the record for the venue , Madison Square Garden . The attendance of 20,427 was the highest for a domestic event .
The pre-fight documentary Fighting for History drew 2.4 million viewers on Fox , the most of any preview show in UFC history .
The Reebok athlete outfitting pay was the highest in history , with a total of $ 392,500 .
With their win , McGregor became the first fighter in the promotion 's history to hold two titles simultaneously .
Aftermath
On November 21 , the NYSAC administratively suspended Gastelum for six months because they did not attend the weigh-ins . An administrative suspension is different from a typical commission suspension in that it does not have to be reciprocated by other jurisdictions . Despite being originally expected to value only in New York , it was announced two days later that the suspension was added to the database of the Association of Boxing Commissions ( ABC ) and it could be extended to other jurisdictions as well . Gastelum 's team announced they would enter an appeal . Gastelum was cleared of their suspension on November 30 , which allowed them to face Kennedy at UFC 206 , as Evans once again was pulled from the bout .
The NYSAC also issued a three-month suspension for Alves due to them missing weight , as well as a two-month suspension for Romero for leaving cage right after defeating Weidman . Romero jumped over the Octagon in adulation , did a soldier 's march around the outside perimeter of the cage , and then entered back in for the official results .
On November 26 , due to their inactivity in the featherweight division , McGregor was stripped of the UFC Featherweight Championship , therefore promoting José Aldo to undisputed champion
On April 1 , 2017 , it was announced that Good will receive a six-month suspension from USADA retroactive to their positive test . `` USADA found that Lyman 's October 2016 flagged urine specimen was the result of tainted vitamins and not the result of any intentional violation '' , Good 's lawyer David Fish said .
See also
List of UFC events
2016 in UFC
Mixed martial arts in New York
References
Ultimate Fighting Championship events
Events in New York City
Mixed martial arts in New York ( state )
2016 in mixed martial arts
Madison Square Garden
Sports in Manhattan
2016 in sports in New York ( state )
2016 in sports in New York City
November 2016 sports events in the United States
Claudius Iohannes Labib ( ; 1868–1918 ) was a Coptic Egyptian Egyptologist . Their family was known for copying church books . They used to accompany their father to the Al-Mouharak Monastery to learn Coptic with the monks . They were the youngest of three brothers , the eldest being Pahor and the middle being Tadros . Labib learned Egyptian hieroglyphs from the French Egyptologists and was the second modern Egyptian to learn this ancient language ( the first was Ahmad Kamal and Ahmad Kamal is of Turkish origin ) . Claudius Labib is credited for making the first Coptic-Arabic Dictionary . They died before finishing it . Claudius Labib was the chief editor of `` On '' ( , Heliopolis ) magazine which had articles written in Coptic . They also pioneered educational books for children named ⲁϧⲱⲙⲫⲁⲧ ( Akhomphat ) .
Claudius Labib was also responsible for editing a series of religious texts used by the Coptic Orthodox Church . The works were published at Cairo as follows : Katamãrus , 1900–02 ; Euchologion , 1904 ; Funeral Service , 1905 .
References
External links
The Coptist : Claudius Labib – short biography and bibliography
1868 births
1918 deaths
Coptologists
Coptic language
Coptic Orthodox Christians from Egypt
Egyptian lexicographers
Egyptian Egyptologists
People from Asyut Governorate
Jordan Case ( born ) is a former Canadian football quarterback in the Canadian Football League who played for the Ottawa Rough Riders . They played college football for the North Texas Mean Green . In 2001 , Case was inducted into the North Texas Athletics Hall of Fame .
References
1957 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Canadian football quarterbacks
Ottawa Rough Riders players
North Texas Mean Green football players
Cambodia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Delegation
The country sent a team of 1 athlete , a man , to the 2016 Summer Paralympics . They competed in athletics .
Athletics
Vun Van was the country 's athletics competitor in Rio , competing in the Men 's 100m - T54 event .
Men 's Track
See also
Cambodia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Paralympics
2016
2016 in Cambodia
Dario Cabanelas Rodríguez , born in Trasalba , Ourense , Spain , December 20 , 1916 , and died there , September 18 , 1992 , may be considered one of the most important Spanish Arabists of the 20th century .
After studying baccalaureate , philosophy and theology in Santiago de Compostela , they were ordained as a priest into the Franciscan Religious Order on June 23 , 1940 . Since 1942 , they studied philosophy and humanities , Section of Semitic Philology , at Central University , called today Complutense University , in Madrid , with Extraordinary Degree Award , and they got the doctorate on June 15 , 1948 , about the topic Juan de Segovia y el problema islámico , with a Special Award Doctorate . They were a holder of a scholarship and a collaborator at Miguel Asín Palacios Institute of Spanish National Research Council . They taught Arabic language and literature at the Complutense University of Madrid and from 1955 was Professor at the University of Granada . They were a disciple of Emilio García Gómez , they trained a lot of professionals during four generations for more than forty years . Their scientific contributions are very extensive : they wrote over 100 works , among books , articles , bibliographical reviews and reports , as well as being director of 18 doctorates , 26 master dissertations , etcetera , and lectured on the Arab and Islamic world in Spain and abroad . They specialized mainly in Arabic linguistics , literature and philosophy , and among their most outstanding works are their writings on Ibn Sida and Alonso del Castillo . Furthermore , they occupied high academic places and dignities , such as Dean of the Faculty of Philosophy and Humanities in Granada ( 1965-1968 ) , Director of Department of Arabic in Granada ( 1972-1987 ) , Director of the School of Arabic Studies of Spanish National Research Council in Granada ( 1972-1984 ) , Membership of Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Granada ( 1977-1992 ) , President of Alhambra and Generalife Council 's Publications Commission ( 1978-1985 ) , Membership `` al honorem '' of Institute for Cooperation with the Arab World of the Foreign Office in Spain ( 1979-1992 ) and others . Retired in 1985 , they were named in 1987 Professor Emeritus of the University of Granada .
References
External links
https : //archive.today/20130213161858/http : //www.marcialpons.es/libros/juan-de-segovia-y-el-problema-islamico/9788433845344/
http : //www.ateneodecordoba.com/index.php/Dar % C3 % ADo_Cabanelas_Rodr % C3 % ADguez
http : //www.alhambra-patronato.es/ria/browse ? value=Dar % C3 % ADo+Cabanelas+Rodriguez & type=subject
http : //digibug.ugr.es/handle/10481/18697
http : //digibug.ugr.es/bitstream/10481/2549/1/Zv1-Torres.05.pdf
http : //www.iberlibro.com/servlet/SearchResults ? an=cabanelas & sortby=17 & sts=t & tn=juan+de+segovia & x=71 & y=16
http : //www.granada.cehgr.es/quienes-somos/historia
http : //bddoc.csic.es:8080/detalles.html ? tabla=docu & bd=LITTERA & id=312925
http : //digibug.ugr.es/browse ? type=author & order=ASC & rpp=100 & value=Cabanelas % 2C+Dar % C3 % ADo
1916 births
1992 deaths
University of Granada faculty
Spanish Arabists
Spanish orientalists
Spanish literary historians
20th-century Spanish Roman Catholic priests
Christian scholars of Islam
20th-century Spanish historians
20th-century Spanish male writers
The Diocese of Villanova ( ) is a suppressed and titular see of the Roman Catholic Church .
In antiquity the seat of the bishopric was in a Roman town of the Roman province of Mauretania Caesariensis . That civitas has now been lost to history though it was undoubtedly in modern Algeria .
Christianity came late to the province of Mauritania Cesariense , and like most bishoprics from there , Villa Nova only comes into the historic records after the Council of Nicaea . The only known bishop of this diocese is Balente , who took part in the synod assembled in Carthage in 484 by the Arian King Huneric of the Vandal Kingdom , after which Balente was exiled , possibly to Sicily .
The diocese seems to have effectively continued till some time after the Muslim conquest of the Maghreb and today Villanova survives as a titular bishopric and the current bishop-owner is Mirosław Milewski , auxiliary bishop of Płock , who replaced Matteo Zuppi of Bologna in 2015 .
References
Roman towns and cities in Mauretania Caesariensis
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Africa
Ancient Berber cities
Everything or Nothing may refer to :
James Bond 007 : Everything or Nothing , a third-person shooter video game
Everything or Nothing , the first album ( 2008 ) of Canadian singer-songwriter Lisa Lavie
`` Everything or Nothing '' ( song ) , a 2004 song by Mýa
Everything or Nothing ( 2012 film ) a documentary about the James Bond films
Jum Sook Chung ( ) is a South Korean carcinologist who researches the impact of neuroendocrine regulation on crustacean physiology , sex differentiation , and stress responses . They are a professor at the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science Institute of Marine and Environmental Technology .
Education
Jum Sook Chung completed a B.S . from Pusan National University in 1979 . In 1981 , they earned a M.S . in the department of zoology at Seoul National University . Them academic supervisor was Cho Wan-kyoo . Chung earned a Ph.D. in the department of entomology at Texas A & M University in 1991 under academic advisor Larry L. Keeley .
Career
Chung was a research associate in the department of biology at Birkbeck , University of London from 1991 to 1994 . They were a research scientist in the school of biological sciences at University of Wales from 1994 to 2003 . Chung was an assistant professor in the center of marine biotechnology at the University of Maryland Institute for Bioscience and Biotechnology Research from 2004 to 2010 . In 2010 , they joined the faculty at University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science Institute of Marine and Environmental Technology . They were promoted to associate professor in 2012 . Chung is a professor .
Research
Chung researches the impact of neuroendocrine regulation on crustacean physiology , sex differentiation , and stress responses . Them laboratory sequenced and mapped the full genome of a Callinectes sapidus .
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century South Korean women scientists
South Korean women biologists
South Korean biologists
South Korean carcinologists
Goedele Vermeiren ( born 8 February 1962 in Mortsel ) is a Belgian politician affiliated with the N-VA . They became a member of the Flemish Parliament in 2010 , replacing Sophie De Wit who took up their position as member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives .
Notes
Living people
Members of the Flemish Parliament
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1962 births
People from Mortsel
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
MetroLink is Halifax Regional Municipality 's BRT ( bus rapid transit ) express bus service , operated by Halifax Transit .
The system consists of two limited-stop fully accessible express routes , connecting downtown Halifax 's Scotia Square bus terminal , with the Portland Hills terminal in Cole Harbour on the Dartmouth side , and the Sackville Terminal in Lower Sackville .
History
The MetroLink service was developed in 2003 between the Halifax Regional Municipality , the Province of Nova Scotia and Transport Canada 's Urban Transportation Showcase Program , a five-year program designed to demonstrate and promote urban transportation strategies in reducing greenhouse gas emissions . The program selected cities across the country to showcase a number of different initiatives in reducing greenhouse gases . Halifax Regional Municipality 's $ 13.3 million proposal for a bus rapid transit system was chosen , and $ 4.1 million was given by the Government of Canada toward this project . The remainder was funded by Halifax Regional Municipality ( $ 8.06 million ) , the Nova Scotia Department of Transportation and Public Works ( $ 785,000 ) and the Nova Scotia Department of Energy ( $ 80,000 ) .
Twenty low floor buses were purchased from New Flyer Industries for the MetroLink service . These buses featured air conditioning , high-back reclining seats with foot rests , carpeted walls and ceiling to reduce road noise and vibration , a new livery and logo , and no advertisements both on the inside and outside . One of these buses , # 600 , was on public display on April 12 , 2005 outside of City Hall . The bus was available for media and members of the general public to tour , and increase awareness of the new service .
The service was launched in phases , with the first phase on August 21 , 2005 . The first phase saw the construction of a new bus terminal in Cole Harbour called Portland Hills Terminal , with a 230-space parking lot , including some spaces reserved for carpool parking . Two routes were created at this time , the 159 Portland Hills Link and 165 Woodside Link .
The second phase was launched on February 20 , 2006 . This phase saw the construction of a new bus terminal in Lower Sackville called the Sackville Terminal on Walker Ave , with a 315-space parking lot . One new route was created , the 185 Sackville Link .
Routes
159 Portland Hills Link
The route 159 provides express service between the Portland Hills Terminal in Cole Harbour and the Scotia Square Terminal in downtown Halifax via Portland Street , Alderney Drive , Wyse Road , the Angus L. Macdonald Bridge and Barrington Street . The route is a limited-stop service , with stops at the Portland Hills Terminal , Penhorn Terminal , Alderney Gate Terminal , Bridge Terminal , and Scotia Square Terminal . As a result , the total one-way trip time is about 13 minutes .
The route 159 operates Monday to Friday every 30-minutes during off-peak times , and every 10-minutes during peak ( rush hour ) periods . The route does not operate on weekends or holidays .
165 Woodside Link ( discontinued 2014 )
The route 165 provided direct express service between the Portland Hills Terminal in Cole Harbour and the Woodside Ferry Terminal via Portland Street and Highway 111 . Passengers can transfer to and from the ferry , which provides direct service to downtown Halifax .
The route 165 operated Monday to Friday during peak ( rush hour ) periods only , every 30-minutes . On May 20 , 2014 , coinciding with an expansion of the Woodside ferry service , route 165 was discontinued . It was replaced with a new urban express route 79 , fully integrated with Metro Transit 's conventional bus service .
185 Sackville Link ( discontinued 2019 )
The route 185 provides express service between the Sackville Terminal in Lower Sackville and the Scotia Square Terminal in downtown Halifax via Highway 101 and the Bedford Bypass , the Magazine Hill , Windmill Road the A. Murray MacKay Bridge and Barrington Street . The route is a limited-stop service , with stops at the Sackville Terminal , Wright Avenue in the Burnside Industrial Park , and the Scotia Square Terminal . As a result , the total one-way trip time is about 24 minutes .
The route 185 operates Monday to Friday every 30-minutes during off-peak times , and every 10-minutes during peak ( rush hour ) periods . The route does not operate on weekends or holidays .
Fare Structure
Effective September 30 , 2013
The MetroLink service has its own fare structure , separate from the rest of the Metro Transit system . Cash fares cost an extra fifty cents over and above the regular fares . MetroLink has its own monthly bus pass , the MetroLink Pass , which can be used on any Metro Transit service . Passengers may use regular transit tickets or monthly bus passes ( MetroPass ) , but must deposit an additional fifty cents into the farebox .
Vehicles
In 2005 , Halifax Regional Municipality purchased twenty new buses from New Flyer Industries of Winnipeg , Manitoba . It was assumed at the time that HRM would purchase New Flyer 's D40i Invero model , which New Flyer was marketing towards BRT services , however HRM resisted and ordered 20 model D40LF instead , and were given fleet numbers 600 - 619 . The D40LF was the current bus of choice for Metro Transit 's regular fleet , so they opted to keep the status quo .
These twenty buses feature a new livery on the outside , air conditioning on the inside ( a first for Metro Transit ) , bike racks , carpeting on the walls and ceiling to reduce road noise and vibrations , and larger plush high-back reclining chairs with arm and leg rests and custom designed fabric design . Also differing these buses from the rest of the Metro Transit fleet are onboard transmitters for the 3M Opticom system . Opticom is the system in place in HRM used by fire services and MetroLink , to allow emergency and transit vehicles to hold green lights and prevent them from turning red until the vehicle has got through the intersection . The system is also used to trigger transit priority signals at certain intersections , allowing MetroLink buses to move into the intersection using special bus-only lanes before the rest of the vehicles can proceed . This allows MetroLink buses at a red light to `` jump '' ahead of waiting cars .
Infrastructure
Bus Stops
Part of Halifax Regional Municipality 's plans for distinguishing the MetroLink service from the rest of the Metro Transit system involved creating special bus stop signs , bus shelters and info posts at MetroLink bus stops . The new bus stop signs feature the same colours and design as the livery on the buses , the new shelters feature the gold and blue MetroLink `` swirl '' along the back wall , and the new info posts , which display maps and schedule information for the three MetroLink routes , are also done in the same gold and blue swirl , with the stop name vertically oriented along the side .
Traffic Changes
A number of changes were made to streets and intersections along the routes to help the MetroLink buses get ahead of the rest of traffic . The following changes were introduced :
Bus-only lanes and traffic priority signals along Portland Street in Dartmouth for the route 159 and 165 . The lanes and signals are located at the intersection of Portland Street and Woodlawn Road . The bus-only lanes allow the MetroLink buses to bypass traffic waiting at a red light . Just before the light turns green , a special transit priority signal ( a white vertical bar above the red stop light ) comes on , allowing the bus to enter the intersection ahead of waiting vehicles .
Bus-only lanes and traffic priority signals along Windmill Road in the Burnside Industrial Park for the route 185 . The lanes and signals are located at the intersections of Windmill Road , Wright Ave and Akerley Blvd . They work in the same manner as described above .
Future development
Phase three of the MetroLink service is expected to take place within the next five years . This phase will see new terminals and MetroLink routes in other busy corridors such as Clayton Park and Spryfield .
Plans existed to introduce a new route to service the Cobequid Terminal , also in Lower Sackville shortly after the 185 Sackville Link came into service . Destination signs on board the buses were even programmed with a route 184 Cobequid , and early maps of the MetroLink service showed a route 184 between Cobequid Terminal and downtown Halifax , however this plan seems to have been abandoned .
159 Portland Hills Link
165 Woodside Link
185 Sackville Link
Impacts
The route 185 Sackville Link has improved transit connections to downtown Halifax from Lower Sackville , since standard bus service on routes 87 & 1 takes 43 minutes in optimal conditions , and bus service on the route 80 ( which travels via Bedford ) takes 1 hour 10 minutes .
Both routes 159 Portland Hills Link and 185 Sackville Link saw unprecedented ridership in the first few months of service . Initial rush hour schedules saw both routes running on 15-minute frequencies , however within months this was changed to 10-minutes . Also , both Portland Hills Terminal and the Sackville Terminal recently underwent expansions to their parking lots , bringing the combined capacity of both lots to 545 cars . Still , both parking lots are frequently full , with people parking on the driveways to the lots .
References
External links
Metro Transit 's MetroLink website
Transport in Halifax , Nova Scotia
Transit agencies in Nova Scotia
Bus transport in Nova Scotia
Paratransit services in Canada
Bus rapid transit in Canada
Daniele Balestri ( born 8 May 1978 in Pontedera ) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist . They won the Tour du Finistère in 2004 .
External links
Italian male cyclists
1978 births
Living people
People from Pontedera
Sportspeople from the Province of Pisa
Cyclists from Tuscany
Antonia de Bañuelos Thorndike ( also called Marquesa de Alcedo ; 1856–1926 ) was a Spanish painter , born in Rome , who spent most of their life in Paris .
They were the daughter of the Earl of Bañuelos , and a disciple of Charles Joshua Chaplin . At the Paris Exposition of 1878 , several portraits by this artist attracted attention , one of them being a portrait of herself .
At the Exposition of 1880 , they exhibited `` A Guitar Player '' . I works The Little Fishers and Study of a laughing baby were included in the book Women Painters of the World .
References
1879 births
1926 deaths
20th-century Spanish painters
20th-century Spanish women artists
19th-century Spanish women artists
Artists from Rome
Spanish portrait painters
Genre painters
Michael `` Mikey Cigars '' Sabella ( 1911–1989 ) was a caporegime in the Bonanno crime family and a relative of Philadelphia crime family mob boss Salvatore Sabella .
Biography
Early years
Born in Little Italy , Manhattan to Sicilian parents from Castellammare del Golfo . They were a close relative of Castellammarese mobster Dominick `` Mimi '' Sabella and their brother , the early Philadelphia crime family boss Salvatore Sabella . Mike Sabella became a soldier for the Bonanno family serving under boss Joseph Bonanno in 1957 . They were involved in gambling and loansharking during the 1950s .
Before the Bonanno wars of the 1960s , Sabella had been a soldier first in the crew of fellow Castellammarese Carmine Galante and later under Joe Notaro , both top Joe Bonanno loyalists . During the conflict between the Bonannos and Gaspar DiGregorio , Mike Sabella initially remained loyal to the Bonanno faction , but eventually the Commission convinced them to join DiGregorio 's group . As a result , they were rewarded with a promotion to capo of their old crew .
Sabella worked closely with Nicholas Marangello , Galante 's consigliere and became a close confidant to their former captain Carmine Galante , who by the mid-1970s had become the street boss of the organization . Sabella 's crew was among the largest in the Family , with interests stretching from Manhattan and New Jersey area down to Florida .
They are the father of two sons , Arthur Sabella who was born in c. 1957 and Steven Sabella who was born c. 1966 , who is estranged from their family . During the 1970s , Sabella became the owner of CaSa Bella , an upscale restaurant in Little Italy that served as their primary meeting place .
Donnie Brasco
FBI agent Joseph D. Pistone was undercover in the Bonanno family under the name `` Donnie Brasco '' ; a jewel thief expert and mafia associate . Pistone soon began working with several of the made men who worked for Sabella 's crew , such as Anthony Mirra and Benjamin `` Lefty Guns '' Ruggiero . After the takeover of Dominick `` Sonny Black '' Napolitano , Donnie Brasco continued to work with the crew . Before the Donnie Brasco Operation was ended , Pistone was proposed to become a made member of the family . After the disclosure of Pistone as a federal agent working undercover , Sabella was indicted with Frank Balistrieri , boss of the Milwaukee crime family , but was cleared of all charges .
Later years
After the murder of Carmine Galante in 1979 , Sabella and several other Bonanno leaders were demoted as a result of their close association with Galante while they were street boss . Sabella was replaced as capo by their former underling Dominick `` Sonny Black '' Napolitano . After the assassination of the three captains : Alphonse Indelicato , Dominick Trinchera , and Philip Giaccone , Sabella decided to sell their restaurant and remained a low level figure throughout the 1980s . It is said that they had over 1 million dollars on the street as loan shark money . Their successor , Napolitano , would later be brutally murdered , probably as a result of their close association with `` Donnie Brasco '' —he was called to a meeting 17 days after Pistone left their undercover role and their body was discovered as related mob trials began . However , former mob boss Joe Massino testified that Napolitano was killed for trying to take over the family . Sabella was acquitted in Milwaukee and died from complications from diabetes in 1989 . They were 79 years old .
References
Further reading
Pistone , Joseph D. ; & Woodley , Richard ( 1999 ) Donnie Brasco : My Undercover Life in the Mafia , Hodder & Stoughton . .
Pistone , Joseph D. ( 2004 ) . The Way of the Wiseguy , Running Press . .
Pistone , Joseph D. ; & Brandt , Charles ( 2007 ) . Donnie Brasco : Unfinished Business , Running Press . .
DeStefano , Anthony . The Last Godfather : Joey Massino & the Fall of the Bonanno Crime Family . California : Citadel , 2006 .
Raab , Selwyn . Five Families : The Rise , Decline , and Resurgence of America 's Most Powerful Mafia Empires . New York : St. Martin Press , 2005 .
External links
American Mafia.com - 26 Mafia Cities : `` Milwaukee , WI Mafia '' by Jay C .
1989 deaths
American gangsters of Italian descent
American gangsters of Sicilian descent
Bonanno crime family
People from Manhattan
1911 births
Yannick Guerra Dorribo ( born 16 August 1988 ) is a Spanish motorcycle racer .
Career statistics
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
( key )
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
( key )
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Spanish motorcycle racers
Moto2 World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
This is a list of yearly Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference football standings .
Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference standings
NAIA ( 1956–1969 )
NAIA Division II ( 1970–1996 )
References
Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference
Standings
The Nigerian National Shipping Line ( NNSL ) was established by the Nigerian government in 1959 .
Despite heavy investment and subsidies , the state-owned company was unable to compete with European lines .
Much of the investment went to enriching the political elite .
Deeply indebted , the NNSL was liquidated in 1995 and all 21 of its vessels were sold .
Formation
Nigeria formed the NNSL in 1957 . At first 33 % of the capital was held by the Elder Dempster Line and 16 % by the Palm Line , both British companies , while the Nigerian government held 51 % . In 1961 , the Nigerian government acquired all the shares .
The NNSL started operations in 1959 with three vessels . Nigerian seamen who had been employed by British shipping companies in the colonial era moved to work for the Nigerian Line .
By 1964 it had grown to a total of 16 vessels .
The public company was assisted by private business people .
The tycoon Sir Louis Ojukwu was an early member of the board , dying in 1966 .
The chairperson from 1967 to 1973 was Oloye Adekunle Ojora , formerly of the United Africa Company , who later became a highly successful business person in their own right .
Expansion
During the Nigerian Civil War the army made free use of the NNSL for transport of troops .
The ships played a key role in the advances along the coast in 1969 .
With the end of the Civil War in January 1970 , General Yakubu Gowon announced an extensive program to revive the economy . In place of expensive hired vessels two new ships were bought for the NNSL and the ports at Calabar and Port Harcourt were rehabilitated .
In 1977 the government ordered construction of 19 new vessels to replace the aging fleet . By 1979 the company had 24 oceangoing ships .
The NNSL was an important source of training for seamen of the Nigerian Merchant Navy .
In January 1980 President Shehu Shagari talked to reporters about their first 100 days in office .
They said that during this period the NNSL increased its percentage of imported goods from about 8 % to 11.3 % and had started bringing in components for the Peugeot assembly plant in Kaduna , components that had previously been flown in .
On a less positive note , heroin smuggling by crew members was a significant issue in the 1970s and 1980s , with Nigeria serving as a major transit point for drugs bound for Europe .
Decline
A 1987 study of the NNSL for the World Bank compared results to the benefits that the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development had estimated would come from entry of Nigeria into shipping . The findings were that the investment had made no significant contribution to Gross Domestic Product , employment , the balance of payments , exercising countervailing power , national security or the country 's image . The gains had been less than the opportunity costs of the resources used .
In 1988 the National Maritime Authority granted six Nigerian shipping lines `` national carrier '' status , including the state-owned Nigerian National Shipping Line . The NMA planned to extend this status to more domestic companies so as to reduce control of trade by foreign-owned lines .
The Shipping Policy Decree of 1987 , which established the NMA , gave approval for a 50–50 share between foreign and domestic lines for non-conference cargos . However , in 1988 the 24 ships of Nigerian national carriers including the NNSL took only 11 % of the cargoes at Nigerian ports . The NNSL and the private companies suffered from financial problems and lacked the facilities needed to attract cargoes .
In the 1990s several of the company 's vessels were seized in different parts of the world for alleged breach of contract and unpaid bills .
Successor
The NNSL was liquidated in September 1995 . Its assets were assumed by the newly formed National Unity Line ( NUL ) .
The NUL , fully owned by the Nigeria Maritime Authority , began commercial operations in July 1996 as Nigeria 's national flag carrier .
The NUL had just one ship , MV Abuja .
In August 2005 the government put the NUL up for sale . The company now had no vessels , but owned a shipping license .
In July 2010 it was reported that the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency , the successor to the NMA , had completed arrangements to establish a new national shipping line for Nigeria .
A fresh attempt was made to relaunch and sell the NUL in 2011 .
References
Sources
Shipping companies of Nigeria
Defunct companies based in Lagos
Transport companies established in 1959
Transport companies disestablished in 1995
1959 establishments in Nigeria
1995 disestablishments in Nigeria
KTS/Kts may refer to :
Keirsey Temperament Sorter , a self-assessed personality questionnaire
Key telephone system
Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber syndrome in medicine
Knight of the Military Order of the Tower and Sword of Portugal
The Knights Templar School , a secondary school in Baldock , Hertfordshire , England
Knot ( unit ) , a unit of speed equal to one nautical mile per hour
Brevig Mission Airport ( IATA : KTS )
Potassium thiosulfate
Københavns Tekniske Skole , a school of secondary education in Copenhagen , Denmark
Always on display ( sometimes rendered Always On Display , always-on display , or similar ; AOD ) is a smartphone feature that has the device continue to show limited information while the phone is asleep . It is widely available on Android handsets , and is available on Apple iPhones since the iPhone 14 Pro . On some Android devices , the feature is sometimes called Ambient Display or Active Display , depending on its implementation and behavior . Depending on the phone 's design , it may be a replacement or complementary to another feature , such as the notification LED .
Overview
A device with AOD enabled keeps a limited portion of the screen on during sleep mode . An Always On Display may display a set of recent push notifications in place of a notification tone or LED signal , as well as information such as the time , date , and battery status of the device ; they often may also be configured to also show various types of notifications as they arrive , or screensavers .
Various devices have differing behavior for this feature . Some phones would have the screen off until new notifications arrive whereupon the display would either be active for a few seconds or remain on until the user interacts with the device to read or dismiss the notification ( essentially having the entire screen serve as a larger notification LED ) ; others instead have the phone screen activate when it detects input , such as being picked up or the screen interacted with . These versions are often called ambient displays , in contrast to `` true '' always-on displays , where at least part of the screen remains on at all times . Again depending on the manufacturer , not all apps may be supported for showing notifications with this feature - only first-party apps or popular apps may be supported .
History
This technology was first introduced by Nokia in on the Nokia N70 and Nokia 6303 ( on TFT display in 2008 ) , and more widely adopted with its next generation AMOLED Symbian phones in 2010 ( the Nokia N8 , C7 , C6-01 and E7 ) . It became a standard feature on most Nokia Lumia Windows Phones in 2013 , paired with the Nokia Glance Screen app . The feature has since become more widely available on Android handsets . Apple has the feature since Apple Watch Series 5 ( 2019 ) and on iPhone 14 Pro in 2022 .
Battery impact
The Always On Display feature does consume energy , although the Samsung Galaxy S7 series phones , and later phones that made the feature popular are built with AMOLED screens that turn off black pixels . On today 's AMOLED phone displays , it is true that only a few pixels may need to be turned on but they do need to be moved to prevent pixel burn in . Colors , sensors and processors all consume energy while AOD is in use , which leads to an extra consumption of roughly 3 % battery .
On LCD displays , the backlight has to be turned on , even if only a part of the screen is showing information , so this feature consumes a significant amount of power compared to a notification LED .
Typically , an ambient display solution which turns on the screen only when notifications are present , remains on , but turns off when they are dismissed will consume the least amount of battery power while still drawing the user 's attention when required , in contrast to an Always-on Display which will keep the screen on , all of the time , to show some information , even if notifications may not be present . Since the date and time are less essential than battery status or notifications which may require the user 's immediate attention , an AOD can be customized in many app-based implementations to only show notifications or selectively choose what is shown .
Scheduled on/off times
In some phones , the Always On Display/Ambient Display feature can be toggled on a schedule , such as during nighttime , or when the proximity sensor detects that the device is in a pocket . There may be an option for the phone to keep the screen on only when there are notifications to be acknowledged or dismissed by the user .
References
Mobile phones
Display devices
Susanville Municipal Airport is a city-owned , public-use airport located five nautical miles ( 6 mi , 9 km ) southeast of the central business district of Susanville , a city in Lassen County , California , United States . It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 , which categorized it as a general aviation facility .
Facilities and aircraft
Susanville Municipal Airport covers an area of 130 acres ( 53 ha ) at an elevation of 4,149 feet ( 1,265 m ) above mean sea level . It has two runways : 11/29 is 4,051 by 75 feet ( 1,235 x 23 m ) with an asphalt surface and 7/25 is 2,180 by 60 feet ( 664 x 18 m ) with a dirt surface . It also has two helipads : H1 is 120 by 120 feet ( 37 x 37 m ) and H2 is 65 by 65 feet ( 20 x 20 m ) .
For the 12-month period ending December 31 , 2011 , the airport had 12,470 aircraft operations , an average of 34 per day : 93 % general aviation , 6 % air taxi , and < 1 % military . At that time there were 47 aircraft based at this airport : 81 % single-engine , 11 % multi-engine , 2 % helicopter , and 6 % ultralight .
References
External links
Airports in Lassen County , California
Written Communication is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of written communication . The current editor-in-chief is Chad Wickman ( Auburn University ) . It was established in 1984 and has published quarterly continuously since then by SAGE Publications . Stephen P. Witte and John Daly were founding editors and Witte remained chief editor until their death in 2004 , when Christina Haas took over the editorship .
Abstracting and indexing
Written Communication is abstracted and indexed in Scopus , and the Social Sciences Citation Index . According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2017 impact factor is 1.267 , ranking it 44 out of 84 journals in the category `` Communication '' .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Communication journals
Publications established in 1984
Quarterly journals
The Egyptian Union of Liberal Youth ( , Ittiḥād al-Shabāb al-Librāli al-Miṣri ; locally : ) or EULY , is an Egyptian non-governmental organization which spreads knowledge on the ideas of liberalism among Egyptian youth . The organization was founded in 2007 and has adopted several projects and workshops .
Projects
Euly has created and prepared several projects , independently and in partnership with other organizations . Among these projects are :
2009
The MAJ School
November 2008 – April 2009 , EULY created a project for active youth and young journalists called MAJ ( Media – Art – Journalist ) . The projects aim to promote liberal values in three ways - by creating liberal groups in the media , art , and journalism . The project cooperates between EULY and OSI .
Why am I Liberal ?
February – May 2009 : EULY holds a competition inviting students to write essays about liberalism . This competition provides an outlet of self-expression for Middle Eastern youth , who are invited to explain what liberalism means for them . This competition was conducted in cooperation with the Friedrich Naumann Foundation .
2008
Campaign on Egyptian law for NGOs
August – November 2008 , EULY organized a campaign about Egyptian NGO law . The campaign created a media campaign and movie , which informed youth on Egyptian NGO laws and how NGOs affect their daily lives . This project was jointly operated by EULY and ICNL .
Liberal café
June - December 2008 : The liberal café provided an informal setting for Egyptian youth to discuss topics like liberty , freedom of speech , movies and liberal parties in Egypt . This event was conducted in cooperation with the Fredrish Numman Foundation .
Seminar to Join IFLRY Membership
October 2008 , EULY organized a seminar as part of a process to gain membership in the International Federation of Liberal Youth . The seminar , `` Liberalism in the Egyptian Society : How It Could Be Promoted '' , was attended by the Vice President of IFLY . The seminar was conducted with the help of the Fredrish Numman Foundation .
On the road ' EULY Newsletter ''
2008 , EULY published a newsletter to publicize the organization 's projects and events . The newsletter also included research papers and articles discussing liberal ideas.Discover AmericaSeptember – November 2008 : EULY organized a program titled `` Discover America '' , outlining the important role that the US plays as a model of liberal democracy and revealed common misconceptions . EULY funded the program and received technical support from the USA Embassy , Egypt.Life Team ( Act for Human Rights ) April - August 2008 , EULY , started the `` LIFE TEAM '' project to produce plays – songs – music – movies etc. , to promote human rights and liberal ideas and values . Life Team started with program Act for human rights .this project was funded from freedom house.Training : Cycle Management of the Civil Institutions19 – 22 August 2008 : EULY held training for Egyptian , Jordanian and Syrian NGO workers on report-writing , successfully monitoring the court system , and making statements on current events.Workshop : Democracy and Human RightsIn July 2008 , EULY held a workshop in June for the journalists , bloggers and young leaders of Egyptian political parties . tt workshop discuss many things like democracy , shari ' a and democracy , Human rights and Shari ' a , and that workshop was in cooperation between EULY and Network of Democrats in the Arab world.Workshop : What Does Liberalism Mean ? March 2008 , EULY held a workshop on the 22–23 March 2008 , to 20 Youth Activist in the Egyptian community , and that workshop was held in the EULY headquarters , and was incooperation between EULY and ATLAS Economic Foundation.Workshop : Strategic to Enhance Participation and Improve Performance of Youth Organization
February 2008 , EULY hosted it to the Youth from front democratic party ( ar : الجبهة ) ( ELGABHA ) and that was for five days in Ismailia , Egypt , that workshop was about how to make a Youth organization in a political party , and that workshop a trainer from Germany came , the workshop cooperate between EULY and Fredrish Numman foundation .
2007Egyptian Liberal Vision
Workshops for 150 students from different Egyptian universities , October – December 2007 , EULY held five workshops for students from Cairo University , Ain Shams University , Azhar University , University of Alexandria and other private Universities ; the workshop discussed what secular government means , and also provided an overview of liberal ideas . The workshop had 150 student participants , and was a cooperative effort of EULY and the Fredrish Numman Foundation.The problems faced by liberal in Egyptian societyWorkshop for youth in the liberal political party held in September 2007 , was a workshop for three days in Fayed , Ismailia , the workshop was held for youth in the political parties to know what are the problems that faced by liberal idea in Egypt and in the liberal political parties . The workshop was a first step to work and develop the liberal parties in Egypt . They made that workshop for the New Wafd Party , Democratic Front Party , Liberal Egyptian Party , Tomorrow Party and the National Democratic Party , the project was also a cooperative effort of EULY and the Fredrish Numman Foundation.Liberal concept campaign '' '
Campaign in the Egyptian universities , March 2007 , EULY made a campaign in the universities to promote the liberal ideas such as free market economy , freedom , cooperation , and some other booklets , that campaign targeted 1000 students , and was held in the Cairo University in the faculty of law , faculty of Economy and Political science .
Objectives
The main objective of the Liberal Union is to spread liberalism among Egyptian youth , and to inform them of their legal rights , and to develop the youth volunteering in other civil society organizations .
Another objective is to develop the youth in the liberal political parties of Egypt , and to make it clear and achievable . Several newspapers and online websites have accused the Egyptian Union of being strictly allied with one of two political parties from the four main liberal parties of Egypt ; the Union has published a denouncement of these claims .
See also
Politics of Egypt
Youth voice
Youth vote
Youth politics
Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights ( EIPR )
References
External links
Official Website in Arabic
Official Website in English
Liberal organizations
Youth empowerment organizations
Mal Graham is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s . They played for the Newtown Jets in the New South Wales Rugby League ( NSWRL ) competition and for Hunslet , Oldham ( Heritage № 907 ) and Bradford Northern in England .
Playing career
After playing for NSW Country in 1981 , Graham signed with Newtown in 1982 . Graham made their first grade debut for Newtown in Round 1 1982 against Eastern Suburbs . Graham made 21 appearances for Newtown in their first year there and scored 7 tries but the club missed out on the finals finishing in 7th place . It was a disappointing end to the year as only 12 months earlier the club had reached the 1981 grand final against Parramatta .
Graham played 26 games for Newtown in 1983 which would prove to be the club 's last in the top grade of Australian rugby league . Graham played in Newtown 's final ever match in the NSWRL premiership , which was a 9-6 victory over the Canberra Raiders at Campbelltown Stadium .
Following Newtown 's exclusion from the premiership due to financial reasons , Graham returned to the country and was selected in 1984 to represent NSW Country against NSW City . Graham then headed to England and signed with Hunslet . Hunslet would go on to finish second last in the 1984/1985 season . Graham subsequently joined Oldham and played one season with them as they finished 9th on the table . Graham 's last years in England was spent at Bradford and Oldham before they headed back to Australia at the end of 1988 .
In 1991 , Graham captain-coached Toronto Workers now known as Macquarie Scorpions to the Newcastle rugby league premiership . In 1994 , Graham took Macquarie Scorpions to the 1994 Newcastle grand final but they were defeated by Kurri Kurri .
References
1961 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Bradford Bulls players
Country New South Wales rugby league team players
Hunslet F.C . ( 1883 ) players
Macquarie Scorpions players
Newtown Jets players
Oldham R.L.F.C . players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Newcastle , New South Wales
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league wingers
is a railway station in Iwakuni , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Iwakuni Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line and the Gantoku Line . Additionally , trains from the Nishikigawa Seiryū Line inter-run over the Gantoku Line and terminate at Iwakuni .
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1898
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Jalan Cheeding ( Selangor state route B60 ) is a major road in Selangor , Malaysia .
List of junctions
Roads in Selangor
Elaine Stritch at Liberty is an autobiographical one-woman show written by Elaine Stritch and John Lahr , and produced by George C. Wolf , which is composed of anecdotes from Stritch 's life , as well as showtunes and Broadway standards that mirror Stritch 's rise and fall both on and off the stage .
Synopsis
The show consists of spoken monologues from Stritch following their life and career , interspersed with showtunes and pop standards which complement them stories . Many of these songs had been previously sung by Stritch in major productions , such as `` The Ladies Who Lunch '' from Company and `` Civilization '' from Angel in the Wings which they originated on Broadway . Them experiences and relationship with show business are focal points , but they also explore more intimate , personal themes like their alcoholism and romantic relationships .
Productions
Originally directed and produced by George C. Wolfe at The Public Theater , the show premiered on November 7 , 2001 . After quickly selling out , the original engagement was extended twice : once until December 30 and then until January 6 , 2002 . The show then transferred to Broadway , opening on February 21 , 2002 in the Neil Simon Theatre , closing on May 26 of that year .
Stritch continued to perform the show at regional and international venues .
Reception
The Broadway production was recognized with the 2002 Tony Award for Best Special Theatrical Event and the 2002 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Book of a Musical .
Adaptation
The documentary adaptation directed by D. A. Pennebaker and Andy Picheta aired in 2004 on HBO .
It went on to win two Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Variety , Music , or Comedy Special , and Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program .
Song list
Songs are listed alphabetically , as presented in the Broadway program , with the note `` the following songs may or may not be performed . ''
`` All in Fun '' ( from Very Warm for May ) — Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II
`` Broadway Baby '' § ( from Follies ) — Stephen Sondheim
`` But Not For Me '' — George Gershwin and Ira Gershwin
`` If Love Were All '' ( from Bitter Sweet ) — Noël Coward
`` Can You Use Any Money Today ? `` § ( from Call Me Madam ) — Irving Berlin
`` Civilization '' § ( from Angel in the Wings ) — Carl Sigman and Bob Hilliard
`` Hooray for Hollywood '' ( from Hollywood Hotel ) — Richard A. Whiting and Johnny Mercer
`` I 'm Still Here '' ( from Follies ) — Stephen Sondheim
`` I 've Been to a Marvelous Party '' — Noël Coward
`` I Want a Long Time Daddy '' — Porter Grainger
`` The Little Things You Do Together '' § ( from Company ) — Stephen Sondheim
`` Something Good '' ( from The Sound of Music ) — Richard Rodgers
`` The Ladies Who Lunch '' § ( from Company ) — Stephen Sondheim
`` The Party 's Over '' ( from Bells Are Ringing — Styne , Comden , and Green
`` There Never Was a Baby Like My Baby '' ( from Two on the Aisle ) — Styne , Comden , and Green
`` There 's No Business Like Show Business '' ( from Annie Get Your Gun ) — Irving Berlin
`` This Is All Very New to Me '' ( from Plain and Fancy ) — Albert Hague and Arnold Horwitt
`` Why Do The Wrong People Travel ? `` § ( from Sail Away ) — Noël Coward
`` Zip '' § ( from Pal Joey ) — Rodgers and Hart
Notes § : numbers previously performed by Stritch in professional productions
Recording
A recording of the original off-Broadway production was released on April 9 , 2002 by DRG Records , containing both the musical numbers and selected spoken material from the show .
References
External links
Elaine Stritch & George Wolfe on creating At Liberty 14 December 2001 episode of PBS Theater Talk
Plays for one performer
Tony Award-winning plays
American plays adapted into films
Films directed by D. A. Pennebaker
Podocalyxin , a sialoglycoprotein , is thought to be the major constituent of the glycocalyx of podocytes in the glomerulus ( Bowman 's capsule ) in the kidneys . It is a member of the CD34 family of transmembrane sialomucins . It coats the secondary foot processes of the podocytes . It is negatively charged and thus functions through charge repulsion to keep adjacent foot processes separated , thereby keeping the urinary filtration barrier open . This function is further supported by knockout studies in mice which reveal an essential role in podocyte morphogenesis and a role in the opening of vascular lumens and regulation of vascular permeability . Of note , this is the only cell surface sialomucin knockout known to display a lethal phenotype .
Podocalyxin is also upregulated in a number of cancers and is frequently associated with poor prognosis . Podocalyxin is important for us to potentially provide a better understand of cancer development and its aggressiveness through induced cell migration and the invasion from interacting with the actin-binding protein EZR . Affects of the EZR-dependent signaling events , among many other signal disturbances , can lead to increased activity in other vital pathways of cancer cells . Sialylated , O-glycosylated glycoforms of podocalyxin expressed by colon carcinoma cells possess L-selectin and E-selectin binding activity , and the affinity of the binding may be pivotal to the metastatic spread of colon carcinoma cells . At the cellular level podocalyxin has also been shown to regulate the size and topology of apical cell domains and act as a potent inducer of microvillus formation .
Podocalyxin is also known as TRA-1-60 and is a marker of pluripotent stem cells .
Discussion
Podocalyxin has been found to possess post a few translational modification events and likely has more to be discovered . There are Glycosylated O-linked events with the amino acid Serine at position 144 , and two N-linked glycosylation events with Asparagine at positions 193 and 395 . Along with phosphorylation residues at positions 570 and 596 with Serine . The composition of the Podocalyxin transmembrane protein consists of acidic residues from position 162–192 , many polar residues at positions 200–219 , 230–267 , and 554–568 , as well as containing both basic and acidic residues from position 590–605 .
It has been found that the length of the protein is 605 amino acids and has a mass of about 65,076 in Daltons . The structure consists of topological domains at position 33-500 being extracellular and position 522-605 being cytoplasmic . The transmembrane domain is helical in structure at position 501–521 .
To go further in our understanding about this protein in understanding the pathology of mutagenesis could help biotech companies and the medical industry tremendously , as could grow our current knowledge of all proteins especially those relating to developments in cancer . Currently there are known mutation events at positions 97 , 118 , and 124 on the extracellular region of the protein likely altering protein structure and transduction signaling not invoking a correct bodily response .
See also
Cell signaling
Cytoskeleton
References
Single-pass transmembrane proteins
Argina amanda , the cheetah , is a moth in the family Erebidae . The species was first described by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1847 .
Description
Argina amanda has a wingspan up to across . The uppersides of the forewings are orange , except the black markings with some white around them . The hindwings are orange too , with black spots on the edges . The undersides of the wings are very similar to the uppersides . The caterpillars feed on the young leaves and pods of Crotalaria species ( Fabaceae ) .
Distribution
This species is widespread in tropical Africa ( Angola , Cameroon , the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Ethiopia , the Gambia , Guinea , Ivory Coast , Kenya , Malawi , Mozambique , Nigeria , Somalia , South Africa , Tanzania , Uganda , Zambia and Zimbabwe ) and in Madagascar .
References
`` Argina amanda , ( Boisduval ) Cheetah '' . African Moths . via - Internet Archive .
`` Argina amanda '' . ZipcodeZoo.com . via - archive.today .
External links
`` Alytarchia amanda : image 1 '' . Flora of Zimbabwe .
Moths of Africa
Moths of Madagascar
Moths of Réunion
Nyctemerina
Moths described in 1847
was a dive bomber pilot in the Imperial Japanese Navy ( IJN ) during World War II . They led Aichi D3A dive bombers from the carrier Zuikaku during the Battle of the Coral Sea that damaged Yorktown .
Early career
Tamotsu Ema enrolled in the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in April 1932 and graduated from the 63rd class in March 1936 . In April 1937 they were commissioned as Ensign . They were eventually selected for the navy pilot training program and specialised in dive bombing . They graduated from the 30th class in July 1938 and was promoted to Lieutenant Junior Grade in November . They served at several land bases around Japan ( including Ōmura and Saiki Air Groups on Kyushu ) before they were assigned to the carrier Akagi in May 1939 . In May 1940 they were appointed as an instructor at the Kasumigaura Air Group and in November they were promoted to Lieutenant .
In September 1941 , Lieutenant Ema was transferred to the carrier Zuikaku . On 7 December 1941 , they participated in the Attack on Pearl Harbor , where led one of the Zuikaku dive bomber divisions that bombed and strafed American aircraft and hangars on Wheeler Field . In April 1942 , they participated in the Indian Ocean Raid , where they led one of the Zuikaku dive bomber divisions that bombed and sunk the British carrier Hermes . Shortly after the battle , they became a senior flight division leader ( senior Buntaichō ) and was given the command of Zuikaku dive bomber squadron .
Coral Sea
In May 1942 , Lieutenant Ema participated in Operation MO aboard Zuikaku that resulted in the Battle of the Coral Sea . In the morning on 7 May , they and their squadron were part of the strike against the oiler Neosho and the destroyer Sims ( falsely identified as a carrier and a cruiser ) that was under the overall command of Lieutenant Commander Kakuichi Takahashi . Unable to find any enemy carriers , Takahashi ordered the dive bombers to attack the oiler and the destroyer . After sinking Sims and fatally crippling Neosho , the strike force headed back to their carriers .
Meanwhile , the actual USN carrier fleet was spotted and Rear Admiral Chūichi Hara planned to launch an afternoon strike as soon as Takahashi 's force returned . However , Lieutenant Ema 's 16 D3A dive bombers got lost in bad weather and returned late . This meant that the new strike would be forced to land at night upon their return . Hara , therefore , selected only veteran aircrews for this strike , including Lieutenant Ema and five of their pilots . The strike was ill-fated as it missed the USN carriers due to poor weather , and in return lost eight Nakajima B5N torpedo bombers and one D3A to radar-guided interception force of Grumman F4F Wildcat fighters led by Lieutenant Commanders Paul Ramsey and James Flatley . The strike force then flew to the end of their search leg and found nothing ; thus they jettisoned the bombs and torpedoes and headed back . On the way back , they encountered the USN carriers and mistaken them for their own . Several pilots tried to land on them ; including Ema , who broke off only at the last moment . They barely made it back to Zuikaku since their malfunctioning radio could not pick up the homing signal the IJN carriers .
The next morning on 8 May , the two carrier fleets sighted each other . Lieutenant Commander Takahashi led a strike force of 33 Aichi D3A dive bombers , 18 Nakajima B5N torpedo bombers and 18 Mitsubishi A6M Zero fighters . Lieutenant Ema led 14 of Zuikaku 's dive bombers . The strike force approached the USN carriers unopposed since USN interceptors missed them due to poor radar guidance . Takahashi devised and executed a well-coordinated attack , where 19 dive bombers and 14 torpedo bombers went for the nearer Lexington and 14 dive bombers and four torpedo bombers went for the farther Yorktown . Lieutenant Ema led the dive bombing attack on Yorktown , which was hit by a single bomb . Their left wing was damaged during the attack and upon landing on Zuikaku , their aircraft was thrown overboard in order to make room for aircraft from the carrier Shōkaku , which was damaged in the meantime by USN dive bombers .
Later career
In July 1942 , Lieutenant Ema was transferred to the Saiki Air Group in Japan and became its leader . In May 1943 , they were assigned as the leader ( Hikōtaichō ) of the 582nd Air Group and was sent to Rabaul to operate in the Solomon Islands . Their group temporarily moved to Buin airfield to participate in Operation SE and were sent to attack the Allied shipping around Guadalcanal . After releasing the bombs on enemy transport ships anchored at Lunga , their squadron was ambushed by numerous Wildcat fighters . They managed to escape them but their D3A dive bomber was severely damaged and their observer was killed in the process . Due to a leaking fuel tank , they made an emergency stop at Vella Lavella before they returned back to Buin and subsequently to Rabaul .
In September 1943 , they were transferred to the Mobara Air Group in Japan . In May 1944 , they were promoted to Lieutenant Commander and was assigned to the 701st Air Group operating in Chitose on Hokkaido . In October same year , they were appointed as the commanding officer of a kamikaze unit in the Philippines . Finally , they were transferred back to the 701st Air Group in March 1945 , where they remained until the end of the war .
Lieutenant Ema survived the war and later published a book that comprises a collection of battle accounts from several IJN dive bomber aircrew , including himself , Sadamu Takahashi , Keiichi Arima and Zenji Abe , among others .
References
Sources
Combat reports
Japanese naval aviators
Imperial Japanese Navy officers
Imperial Japanese Naval Academy alumni
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 10,019 . The county seat is Hampton . The county was formed on January 15 , 1851 and named after Benjamin Franklin .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.09 % ) is water .
Major highways
Interstate 35
U.S. Highway 65
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 57
Adjacent counties
Cerro Gordo County ( north )
Butler County ( east )
Hardin County ( south )
Wright County ( west )
Grundy County ( southeast )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 10,019 in the county , with a population density of . 92.62 % of the population reported being of one race . There were 4,656 housing units of which 4,141 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 10,680 in the county , with a population density of . There were 4,894 housing units , of which 4,332 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 10,704 people , 4,356 households , and 2,983 families residing in the county . The population density was 18 people per square mile ( 7/km2 ) . There were 4,763 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 94.92 % White , 0.08 % Black or African American , 0.23 % Native American , 0.16 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 4.05 % from other races , and 0.53 % from two or more races . 6.00 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 4,356 households , out of which 29.30 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.90 % were married couples living together , 6.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 31.50 % were non-families . 27.60 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 15.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.93 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 24.20 % under the age of 18 , 7.30 % from 18 to 24 , 24.00 % from 25 to 44 , 23.90 % from 45 to 64 , and 20.50 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 41 years . For every 100 females there were 96.40 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 93.90 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 36,042 , and the median income for a family was $ 45,184 . Males had a median income of $ 29,694 versus $ 21,115 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,767 . About 5.70 % of families and 8.00 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 9.70 % of those under age 18 and 7.10 % of those age 65 or over .
Franklin County Fair
Franklin County is home to the Franklin County Fair . Held annually for five days in mid-July , the Franklin County Fair is held on the fairgrounds located on the west side of Hampton . Traditionally , grandstand entertainment begins on Wednesday with the Barnes PRCA Rodeo . Thursday , Friday , and Saturday are usually concerts featuring nationally known entertainment . In 2007 such names as Terri Clark , Marshall Tucker Band , and Trent Tomlinson & Danielle Peck brought fans to the grandstand . On Sunday the Figure 8 Races generally fill the grandstand . The fair also includes free entertainment and a carnival midway . The fairgrounds feature the Franklin County Historical Museum , Pleasant Hill ( turn of the century village with stores , crafters , old west shows , music and entertainment ) , and Grandpa 's Farm ( all phases of farming demonstrated with vintage implements powered by draft horses , steam engines and antique tractors ) .
Education
There are four high schools in Franklin County . The Hampton-Dumont Community School District is a P/K-12 school system located in Hampton and serving the communities of Hampton , Dumont , Aredale , and Hansell . Hampton-Dumont has a K-12 enrollment of 1,194 . The West Fork Community Schools are made up of a whole grade sharing agreement between SCMT and Rockwell-Swaledale . West Fork serves the communities of Sheffield , Chapin , Meservey , Thornton , Rockwell , and Swaledale and has a combined enrollment of 764 between the two districts . The AGWSR Community School District serves the communities of Ackley , Geneva , Wellsburg , and Steamboat Rock and has a K-12 enrollment of 654 students . The CAL Community School District , located just south of Latimer , serves the communities of Coulter , Alexander , and Latimer and has a K-12 enrollment of 274 students .
Communities
Cities
Ackley
Alexander
Coulter
Dows
Geneva
Hampton
Hansell
Latimer
Popejoy
Sheffield
Census-designated places
Bradford
Chapin
Townships
Franklin County is divided into sixteen townships :
Geneva
Grant
Hamilton
Ingham
Lee
Marion
Morgan
Mott
Oakland
Osceola
Reeve
Richland
Ross
Scott
West Fork
Wisner
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Franklin County .
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County , Iowa
The Franklin County Courthouse in Hampton was built in 1891 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 .
Notes
External links
Official Franklin County Government website
Franklin County Economic Development website
Franklin County Convention & Visitor 's Bureau Website
Franklin County Fair
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
The Loango weaver ( Ploceus subpersonatus ) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae .
It is found in Angola , Republic of the Congo , Democratic Republic of the Congo , and Gabon .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , dry savanna , and swamps .
It is threatened by habitat loss .
It is estimated that there are somewhere between 2,500 and 10,000 of the bird in existence , so it is listed as a vulnerable species .
References
External links
Loanga weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch .
Loango weaver
Birds of Central Africa
Loango weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nicola Pellegrini ( died 1520 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Fondi ( 1500–1520 ) .
Biography
On 29 January 1500 , Nicola Pellegrini was appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VI as Bishop of Fondi .
They served as Bishop of Fondi until their death in 1520 .
References
16th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VI
1520 deaths
Janki may refer to the following places :
Janki means Devi Sita in India ( also known as Janaki )
Janki , Gmina Horodło in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Janki , Gmina Hrubieszów in Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Janki , Podlaskie Voivodeship ( north-east Poland )
Janki , Łódź Voivodeship ( central Poland )
Janki , Gostynin County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Janki , Grójec County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Janki , Pruszków County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Janki , Radom County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Janki , Wyszków County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
See also
Janki Młode , Ostrołęka County in Masovian Voivodeship ( east-central Poland )
Janki , Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship ( north Poland )
Netherlands Antilles women 's national football team was the women 's national team of the former Netherlands Antilles . They played in their first FIFA recognised match in 2006 . They were not ranked by FIFA . The country had two youth national teams , Netherlands Antilles women 's national under-17 football team and Netherlands Antilles women 's national under-19 football team , who have competed in international matches . Development of the sport in the country faced challenges as football was the sixth most popular sport in the country .
History
In 1985 , almost no country in the world had a women 's national football team , including the Netherlands Antilles who did not play their first FIFA recognised match until 2006 . The national team played 2 games in 2005 that were not recognised by FIFA . The Netherlands Antilles competed in the Women 's Caribbean Cup 2006 . In a preliminary round match against the Cayman Islands women 's national football team in Georgetown , Cayman Islands on 18 March , the Netherlands Antilles won 2–1 . On the return leg at home , on 25 March , they won 1–0 . They were put into Group B for group play . Haiti women 's national football team was supposed to be in their group but did not play in the Aruba based game because of visa issues . In their first game against Suriname on 3 May in Curacao , before a crowd of 200 , they lost 1–7 with Thielman scoring the team 's only goal in the 48th minute . In their second match on 5 May against Aruba women 's national football team in Oranjestad , they won 2–1 before a crowd of 500 . Soliana scored in the 50th minute and Demey scored in the 70th minute for the Netherlands Antilles . In 2007 , Netherlands Antilles women 's national football team competed in the Torneo Internacional di Futbòl di Dama . It was a friendly tournament organized by the Nederlands Antilliaanse Voetbal Unie to fund raise for breast cancer . In the semifinals on 30 June , they lost 0–1 to Suriname . In the third place match against Aruba , Netherlands Antilles won 2–0 . , the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA .
Under 17
Netherlands Antilles women 's national under-17 football team played 2 games in 2006 , and had two training sessions a week that year . The team competed in the CONCACAF Under 17 Women 's Qualifying Tournament 2010 in the Caribbean Qualifying part in Group B . On 12 October 2009 , they lost 0–4 to the Dominican Republic . On 14 October , they lost 0–4 to Aruba . On 16 October , they lost 0–16 to Jamaica . They finished last in their group , with three losses , scoring zero goals and allowing twenty-four goals .
Under 19/20
Netherlands Antilles women 's national under-19 football team competed at the CONCACAF Under 19 Women 's Qualifying Tournament 2005/06 in Group B . They played the first round in Suriname . On 20 September , they played Anguilla whom they lost to 2–5 . On 22 September , they tied Dominica 0–0 . On 24 September , they lost to hosts Suriname 0–6 . They finished last in their group with one tie and two losses , scoring only two goals while conceding eleven .
Background and development
Nederlands Antilliaanse Voetbal Unie was founded in 1921 and became affiliated with FIFA in 1932 . Women 's representation was not required on the board of the federation , which did not have any full-time employees devoted exclusively to women 's football .
The most popular sports in the country were softball and volleyball , with football ranking sixth . In 2006 , there were 80 registered footballers : 60 senior players and 20 youth players . This was an increase from 2000 ; numbers of registered players went unrecorded from 2001 to 2004 . In 2006 , there were 40 football teams in the country , one of which was mixed gendered and two women only .
Competitive record
FIFA Women 's World Cup
* Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks .
Olympic Games
* Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks .
CONCACAF Women 's Championship
* Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks .
References
Caribbean women 's national association football teams
women
Former national association football teams
A pentagon is a five-sided polygon .
Pentagon may also refer to :
Places
United States
The Pentagon , the headquarters of the United States Department of Defense in Arlington County , Virginia , US
United States Department of Defense , as a metonym
Pentagon station , a Washington Metro station
Sanford Pentagon , an indoor sports arena in Sioux Falls , South Dakota
Elsewhere
Pentagon ( Brussels ) , the historical city centre of Brussels , delimited by the `` small ring ''
Pentagon ( Wiesbaden ) , the historical city centre of Wiesbaden , Germany
Pentagon Shopping Centre , a shopping centre in Chatham , Kent , England
Pentagon bus station , a defunct bus station located within the Pentagon Shopping Centre
Pentagono del Buontalenti , in Livorno , Italy
Music
Pentagon ( Japanese band )
Pentagon ( South Korean band )
The Pentagon ( album ) , a 1976 album by pianist Cedar Walton
People
Pentagón , a professional wrestling character in lucha libre
Pentagón Jr. ( born 1985 ) , Mexican masked professional wrestler
Other uses
Pentagon ( computer ) , a Soviet clone of the ZX Spectrum computer
See also
Bamboo Pentagon , a mythical secret headquarters of the Viet Cong
Radovin is a small village in Zadar County , Croatia , located near the city of Zadar and belongs to the municipality of Ražanac . The population is 549 people ( census 2011 ) .
There are few shops , churches , water sources and a cafe . Also there is a bicycle path for bicycle enthusiasts .
References
Populated places in Zadar County
Universal Instruments Corporation is an electronics technology company based in Conklin , New York . Universal Instruments builds automated machines that allow electronics manufacturing services companies to construct surface-mount technology and through-hole technology circuits , such as SMT placement equipment , insertion mount machines , and machines for electronic packaging . The company was founded in 1919 as the Universal Instruments and Metal Company in nearby Vestal , and found its initial success as a tool and diemaker for IBM . In addition to electronics manufacturing machine , Universal Instruments manufactures DEKA 's Luke Arm prosthetic for Mobius Bionics .
References
Electronics companies of the United States
Companies based in Broome County , New York
Ontogeny in a psychoanalytical context is the development of the whole organism , viewed from the light of occurrences during the life , not in the last place in the pre-history of early childhood , which has become unconscious , according to Sigmund Freud . After the possibilities of ontogenesis have been exhausted , phylogenesis might be explanatory of the development of a neurosis .
Frantz Fanon , a Martinician writer and analyst whose work focused on the pathologies and neuroses produced through European colonialism , adapted Freud 's concept of ontogeny . Fanon developed the concepts of sociogeny and sociogenesis to explain how socially produced phenomena , such as poverty or crime , are linked to certain groups as if those groups were biologically - or ontogenetically - predisposed towards those phenomena . The conflation of sociogeny and ontogeny , Fanon argued , plays an important role in the social construction of race .
References
See also
Ontogeny
Phylogenetics
Phylogeny ( psychoanalysis )
Psychoanalytic theory
Lebanese International University is a university located in Nouakchott , Mauritania . It is part of the private Lebanese International University group .
External links
References
Universities in Mauritania
Nouakchott
Point Waterfront is a harbour-side town located at the entrance to the Port of Durban .
During the last 50 years the town suffered decay and was left mostly abandoned . The uShaka Marine World is located here .
History
The Point Waterfront was the home of Mahatma Gandhi during the 1900s .
Mahatma Gandhi Road ( Formerly Point Road ) was the site of the first public toilets in South Africa , which still function today .
Events
The South African Navy Open Day 2017 was hosted here as part of the South African Armed Forces Day Celebrations 2017
Development
After a long wait , eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality and UEM Sunrise Group Malaysia partnered to form the Point Development Company . The plans include the development of a 55-storey tower . A number of residents objected to this , stating that the development would `` obstruct their sea-view '' . However , due to the minimal number of objections , the project will go ahead . In June 2017 , the developers gave three watersport clubs a notice to vacate within two months so that construction could go ahead .
The new Durban Cruise Terminal will also be located here . Many private investment developments have been constructed . One significant development which has become a popular high-rise landmark here is The Spinnaker ( Building ) . The Turning Point Apartments will be constructed here .
References
Durban
De Hond ( ) is a smock mill in Paesens , Friesland , Netherlands which was built in 1861 and is in working order . The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument .
History
De Hond was built in 1861 for Hendrik Friedes Ritzema of Surhuisterveen and Pieter Geerts Sijtsma of Rottevalle . It was acquired in 1882 by J F Dam of Burum . In 1950 , G P Dam asked for permission to demolish the mill . This was granted in 1953 . The mill was not demolished . It was sold in 1968 to Vereniging De Hollandsche Molen for a symbolic ƒ1 . The mill was restored in 1969-71 by millwright A Roemeling of Scheemda , Groningen . On 28 December 1977 , De Hond was sold to Stichting De Fryske Mole , becoming that organisation 's 18th mill . A further restoration took place in 1995 . New sails were fitted in 2008 . The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument , № 31591 .
Description
De Hond is what the Dutch describe as a `` Stellingmolen '' . It is a smock mill on a brick base . The stage is above ground level . The smock and cap are thatched . The mill is winded by tailpole and winch . The sails are Common sails . They have a span of . The sails are carried on a cast-iron windshaft which was made by Gietijzerij H. J. Koning of Foxham , Groningen in 1904 . The windshaft also carries the brake wheel , which has 61 cogs . This drives the wallower ( 32 cogs ) at the top of the upright shaft . At the bottom of the upright shaft is the great spur wheel , which has 85 cogs . The great spur wheel drives one pair of millstones via a lantern pinion stone nut which has 23 staves . The millstones are diameter . The two pairs of pearl barley stones are each driven by a lantern pinion stone nut which has 20 staves .
Millers
Hendrik Friedes Ritzema ( 1861–82 )
Pieter Geerts Sijtsma ( 1861–82 )
J F Dam ( 1882- )
G P Dam ( -1950 )
References for above : -
Public access
De Hond is open to the public on Saturdays between 13:00 and 16:00 .
References
Windmills in Friesland
Windmills completed in 1861
Smock mills in the Netherlands
Grinding mills in the Netherlands
Agricultural buildings in the Netherlands
Rijksmonuments in Friesland
Octagonal buildings in the Netherlands
1861 establishments in the Netherlands
Korean traditional festivals ( Hangul : 한국전통축제 , Hanja : 韓國傳統祝祭 ) are the national and local festivals that have continued among Korean people throughout their long history .
Summary
* All traditional festival dates are in accordance to the lunar calendar .
By month
1st
Seolnal ( Hangul : 설날 ) is one of the biggest holidays in Korea along with Chuseok ( also known as the Korean Thanksgiving day ) . Seolnal is the New Year 's Day in lunar calendar . The word `` seol ( Hangul : 설 ) '' is originated from the word , which means unfamiliar , implying newness of a new coming year . It is unknown when Koreans began celebrating Seolnal , but rituals of the festival are estimated to go back to the 6th century . On Seolnal , Koreans demonstrate their respect to parents and elders in the family , as well as deceased ancestors through Sebae ( Hangul : 세배 , Hanja : 歲拜 , New Year 's Bow ) and Charye ( Hangul : 차례 , Hanja : 茶禮 , an ancestral ritual ) . Also , elders give money or present to a person who did Sebae in return of showing their respect . Koreans almost always wear Hanbok ( Hangul : 한복 , Hanja : 韓服 , traditional clothing ) on this day and eat Tteokguk ( Hangul : 떡국 , traditional soup made of rice cake ) and Yakwa ( Hangul : 약과 , Hanja : 藥果 ) in addition to playing a traditional game like . With passing of Seolnal , Koreans add one year to their ages .
Daeboreum ( 15th day )
Daeboreum ( Hangul : 정월대보름 , Hanja : 正月大보름 ) is a day celebrating the first full moon of the new year . Traditionally , group of people play a traditional game called Geuybulnori ( Hangul : 쥐불놀이 ) a night before or on the day of Daeboreum . Farmers burn hays of dry grass on ridges between the rice fields while other people whirl around few cans with a lot of holes which allowed charcoals to fire inside the cans . Practically , people believed the fire could help kill harmful insects near the rice fields , and ashes of the fire could fertilize the ground to help the year 's farming . Also , charcoals were used to blaze a fire . In addition , people eat ogokbap ( Hangul : 오곡밥 , Hanja : 五穀밥 ) , or ‘ five-grain rice , ' and seasoned greens . People drink ear-quickening wine ( Hangul : 귀밝이술 ) , go up to the mountain in the night ( Hangul : 달맞이 ) and pray for their or their wishes to the moon . People also do Bureom ( Hangul : 부럼깨기 ) on Daeboreum . People crack nuts with one 's teeth , believing this will not make one 's face come out in spots for the rest of the year .
2nd
Meoseumnal ( 2nd month )
Meoseumnal ( Hangul : 머슴날 ) is a traditional festival for servants . 'Meoseum ' ( Hangul : 머슴 ) means servants and slaves , and 'nal ' ( Hangul : 날 ) means a day in Korean . This was a day that masters allowed their servants and slaves to celebrate a day with extra food , singing , and dancing before farming started in February , back in the day when slaves existed in Korea . The masters also provided enough money for the servants so that the servants would have not needed to spend their money in the day . This festival was designed by masters to encourage their servants and slaves to work better on the year 's farming . The servants usually made traditional snack called Songpyeon ( Hangul : 송편 , Hanja : 松편 , a variation of Tteok , traditional rice cake ) with the grains used during Daeboreum and ate them according to their age , because they believed this could bring them good luck . For instance , a 10-year-old servant would eat ten Songpyeon . In Euiryong-gun , Yangsan-gun , or Gyungsangnam-do , the day was regarded as a coming-of-age day . The festival is no longer celebrated after the abolition of the Meoseum system in Korea , and it is even rare to see a person remembering the festival .
Yongdeungje
Yongdeungje ( Hangul : 영등제 , Hanja : 靈登祭 ) is a day to celebrate Yongdeung ( Hangul : 영등 , Hanja : 靈登 , the god of wind ) , believed to have descended to Earth on the first day of February and ascended on the 20th . The festival is mostly celebrated in Jeju Island and Youngnam district . While Yongdeung is on Earth , it is believed to bring strong winds . Thus , people in the sectors strongly affected by wind such as fisheries and farms perform an ancestral ritual Jesa ( Hangul : 제사 , Hanja : 祭祀 ) in order to appease the wind god . If it rains or is cloudy the day Yongdeung ascended , people think the year will be a fruitful one .
3rd
Samjinnal ( 3rd day )
Samjinnal ( Hangul : 삼짇날 , Hanja : 三짇날 ) 's origin is unknown but is noted as a day of celebrating the coming of spring . Thus Samjinnal , the date with two 3s , is considered a lucky day with good and evil spirits . This is the day when barn swallows return , snakes wake from their sleep , and butterflies begin to fly . It is thought as good luck if one sees a snake on this day . Archery , cockfighting , flower viewing , and fortune telling are also enjoyed by the people celebrating this day . People would eat rice pancakes with flower toppings known as Hwajeon ( Hangul : 화전 , Hanja : 花煎 ) and noodles , and drink Dugyeonju ( Hangul : 두견주 , Hanja : 杜鵑酒 , Azalea wine ) .
4th
Hansik ( 105 days after winter solstice )
One of the biggest four traditional festivals along with Seollal , Dano , and Chuseok , Hansik ( Hangul : 한식 , Hanja : 寒食 ) notifies the start of the farming season . During the festival , Koreans visit their ancestral graves for offering rite and cleaning and maintenance . Jesa ( Hangul : 제사 , Hanja : 祭祀 ) , a traditional ritual is performed with the expectation of a fruitful year at the grave . Traditional food is prepared for the Jesa and shared with families and neighbors after the ritual has been performed . It is known that on Hansik , people should eat only cold food , but the ideal is generally ignored . Ssuktteok ( Hangul : 쑥떡 , a variation of Tteok , mugwort cake ) , Ssukdanja ( Hangul : 쑥단자 , Hanja : 쑥團餈 , mugwort dumplings ) , and Ssuktang ( Hangul : 쑥탕 , Hanja : 쑥湯 , mugwort soup ) are the representative food for Hansik .
Chopail ( 8th day )
Also known as Buddha 's Birthday , people celebrate the founder of Buddhism . The main event of this day is merrymaking with lantern parades . Before this event , families build lanterns in accordance to the number of their family members . On the celebration day , people light the lamps and hang them outside their homes . These lanterns are made in shapes of flowers , fishes , turtles , fruits , and many others . People also enjoy eating different types of Tteok , dumplings , and special dishes made of fish .
5th
Dano ( 5th day )
Dano ( Hangul : 단오 , Hanja : 端午 ) is a traditional festival in celebration of spring and farming . On this day , women wash their hair in water boiled with sweet flag ( known as Changpo ( Hangul : 창포 , Hanja : 菖蒲 ) in Korea ) and men wear iris roots around their waists to ward off evil spirits . Main activities include folk games such as Ssireum ( Hangul : 씨름 , Korean wrestling match ) and swing . Also , as it is a time when the summer comes , people present a fan to friends or neighbors wishing that they can beat the heat that summer . On Dano , People eat traditional foods including a variety of Tteok and other herb rice cakes .
UNESCO designated the `` Gangneung Dano-je Festival ( Hangul : 강릉단오제 , Hanja : 江陵端午祭 ) '' as a `` Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity . ''
6th
Yudu
Yudu ( Hangul : 유두 , Hanja : 流頭 ) is a traditional festival celebrated in the hopes of getting rid of ghosts and bad spirits . On Yudu , people would go to creeks that run to the East and bathe and wash their hair in the past . It is considered a performance and ritual of washing away bad spirits . Then people would perform rituals to the farming god with newly harvested fruits hoping for a fruitful harvest . People also eat noodles as it is believed that by eating noodles , people will live a prosperous and long life .
Sambok ( between 6th and 7th month )
Sambok ( Hangul : 삼복 , Hanja : 三伏 ) is thought to be the hottest day of the summer . Bok in Sambok means that a person is lying down like a dog , and the hot energy of summer is strong , so the energy of autumn can not stand up and obey . In order to get through the hottest day of the year , people eat fresh fruits , liquor , and other traditional foods . The most popular dish on Sambok is Samgyetang ( Hangul : 삼계탕 , Hanja : 蔘鷄湯 ) made with a whole young chicken and Insam ( Hangul : 인삼 , Hanja : 人蔘 , Korean ginseng ) . There is a myth in that if one bathes in a river or lake on Sambok , they or they will grow weak .
7th
Chilseok ( 7th day )
Based on the Korean folktale `` Gyeonu and Jingnyeo ( Hangul : 견우와 직녀 , Hanja : 牽牛와 織女 ) , '' Chilseok ( Hangul : 칠석 , Hanja : 七夕 ) is related to weaving activities of Korean women . On this day , women perform a ritual to Jingnyeo with cucumbers and pickled fruits to weave better . On Chilseok , people ate miljeonbyeon ( Hangul : 밀전병 , Hanja : 밀煎餠 , Wheat pancake ) , and mil guksu ( Hangul : 밀국수 , Wheat noodles ) because the wheat is not the right food when the cold wind blows .
Baekjung
Mid July is a time when there is an abundant number of fruit and vegetable seeds ; thus the festival , Baekjung ( Hangul : 백중 , Hanja : 百中/百衆 ) derives from the word `` Baek '' ( Hangul : 백 , Hanja : 百 , a hundred ) implying there are a hundred fruit and vegetable seeds . Before harvest , farmers take this day to rest and perform rituals to farming gods hoping for a fruitful harvest season . In the past , servants and workers were granted with a day off and received allowance money to buy goods and food and some servants were also married on this day . On Baekjung , people eat food made with potatoes , flour , and wheat , along with a variety of wild vegetables .
8th
Chuseok
Also known as Hangawi ( Hangul : 한가위 ) , the Korean thanksgiving Chuseok ( Hangul : 추석 , Hanja : 秋夕 ) is one of the greatest traditional festivals . On Chuseok , which takes place on the 15th day of the 8th lunar month under a full moon , people enjoy traditional games such as dancing , tug-of-war , and Ssireum ( Hangul : 씨름 , Korean wrestling match ) . People also perform traditional rituals such as Charye ( Hangul : 차례 , Hanja : 茶禮 ) in respect and remembrance of their ancestors . As part of the ritual , people take care of the ancestral grave sites by mowing the grass and cutting off weeds . People enjoy a variety of traditional foods and dishes like Songpyeon ( Hangul : 송편 , Hanja : 松편 , Traditional rice cake made with the grains ) , Torantang ( Hangul : 토란탕 , Taro soup ) and liquor made of newly harvested fruits and vegetables . It is one of the richest and festive festivals of the year .
9th
Jungu or Jungyangjeol ( 9th day )
Based on ancient Korean numerology called `` jungyang '' , literally meaning the square of a positive number . Hence , Jungu ( Hangul : 중구 , Hanja 重九 ) or Jungyangjeol ( Hangul : 중양절 , Hanja : 重陽節 ) , the date in which two 9s is considered a lucky day . The festival dates back to the Silla Dynasty ( Hangul : 신라 , Hanja : 新羅 , BC57 ~ AD935 ) . During the Joseon Dynasty ( Hangul : 조선 , Hanja : 朝鮮 , 1392 ~ 1897 ) , Koreans climbed Namsan or Bookaksan in Hanyang ( Hangul : 한양 , Hanja : 漢陽 , the capital of Joseon Dynasty , now Seoul ) and mountains nearby the city , ate and drank and enjoyed Danpung-nori ( Hangul : 단풍놀이 , Hanja : 丹楓놀이 , viewing the changing color of maples during autumn ) . People usually eat Gukhwajeon ( Hangul : 국화전 , Hanja : 菊花煎 , Chrysanthemum pancake ) , Eran ( Hangul : 어란 , Hanja : 魚卵 , roe ) , and Yujacheong ( Hangul : 유자청 , Hanja : 柚子淸 , Honey citron tea ) .
10th
Sangdalgosa
Sandalgosa ( Hangul : 상달고사 , Hanja : 上달告祀 ) is a ritual performed during the month of October to the house gods for peace and stability of the family . It is also a performance to thank the gods for a prosperous year so it is performed after harvest . Each family picks a good day to perform the ritual and coil a golden rope around the house , spread a layer of red clay on the floor to protect the house from evil spirits . Food is provided to the house gods and it is displayed in each room .
Sangdalgosa in different regions
In Nocheon-ri , Ungcheon-eup , Boryeong-si , Chungcheongnam-do , the harvest is over and rice cakes are steamed in October to celebrate the rite . This is also called the `` family rite '' . The meaning behind this name is the hope that the family will be at peace and the descendants will be well for 12 months a year . If the family rite is held in September , Jung-guil on September 9th of the lunar calendar is regarded as auspicious day . In addition , during the rite , six piles of red clay are planted on both sides of the gate to prevent unclean people from entering the house .
The steamed rice cake prepared at this time is called `` House Siru '' . In case of excessive corruption and impurity , red beans are added to prevent damage . The red beans are not crushed but scattered on the steamer without being put on top . In families that are extremely dedicated to Chilseong , Chilseong Siru is steamed separately . Nowadays there are not many children who like rice cakes , and they do not hold a big rite , so they steam Doenjang-jjigae ..
Sondolpoong or Sonseokpong ( 20th day )
Sondolpoong ( Hangul : 손돌풍 , Hanja : 孫乭風 ) or Sonseokpong ( Hangul : 손석풍 , Hanja : 孫石風 ) are strong winds that usually blows on 20 October . There is a folk tale on why the winds come on that day : A boatman named Sondol ( Hangul : 손돌 , Hanja : 孫乭 ) was killed under a false accusation . Thus the strong winds and rapid torrents come every year on that day . To remember their unfair death and appease with the soul , boatmen and fishermen perform a ritual on this day . By performing the ritual , people believe strong winds and currents common during the time will not harm them . Regular ritual food is prepared on this day .
11th
Dongzhi FestivalDongji ( Hangul : 동지 , Hanja : 冬至 ) is the day with the longest night and the shortest day . It is also the day when the ecliptic longitude marks 270 degrees . Starting Dongji , the days become longer marking the coming of spring thus it is also known as the real beginning of a new year . People eat porridge made of red beans called Patjuk ( Hangul 팥죽 , Hanja : 팥粥 , Read bean soup ) on Dongji . Patjuk is believed to ward off evil spirits .
12th Seotdal Geumeum ( Last day of the year ) Seotdal Geumeum '' ' ( Hangul : 섣달그믐 ) was established to celebrate the last day of the year by driving evil spirits away and welcoming a new and prosperous year . To drive away evil spirits , in palaces and public offices people wore masks playing drums in the past ; because the following day is Seollal ( Hangul : 설날 ) , most people start preparing food for the next day , cleaning up the house .
See also
List of music festivals in South Korea
References
External links
Korea National Heritage Online
National Folk Museum of Korea
National Museum of Korea
Daejeon Water Splash
Festivals in Asia
Traditional
Korean
Rik Daniëls ( born 24 October 1962 ) is a Belgian television director . They are best known for directing the Belgian TV series Alle maten with Vincent Rouffaer since 1998 and the 1995 series Thuis . They are currently working as the leading director on the top series `` Flikken '' .
External links
Flemish television directors
1962 births
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century Belgian people
Images is an album by the Italian singer and songwriter Lucio Battisti . It was released in September 1977 by RCA Victor .
The album is a collection of five songs from their previous album , Io tu noi tutti , and two of their classic songs ( `` Il mio canto libero '' and `` La canzone del sole '' ) . All of the songs were translated into English by Peter Powell .
Critical reception
Stateside critics considered the record a relative failure : Richard Williams , inMelody Maker , wrote that it sounded akin to a `` watered-down Battisti '' .
They mostly criticized Battisti 's poor English skills , the flawed lyric translations and the disco-inspired arrangements ( that , although pleasant , were not able to convey the spirit and the nuances of the original songs ) .
Track listing
All lyrics written by Mogol and Peter Powell , all music composed by Lucio Battisti .
`` To Feel in Love '' – 5:09
`` A Song to Feel Alive '' – 4:39
`` The Only Thing I 've Lost '' – 5:02
`` Keep on Cruising '' – 4:36
`` The Sun Song '' – 5:17
`` There 's Never Been a Moment '' – 4:47
`` Only '' – 4:47
References
1977 albums
Lucio Battisti albums
Albums produced by Bones Howe
Elephter Andronikashvili Institute of Physics ( ) is a Institute of Science based on Tbilisi State University .
History
This Institute of Physics was established in December 1950 and was a part of the Georgian National Academy of Sciences until 2006 . The idea of establishing the institute belonged to Academician Elephter Andronikashvili . The institute was named after them in 1999 .
Elephter Andronikashvili and Giorgi Kharadze were the Academicians who headed the Institute at different times .
Scientific research
The Institute of Physics managed to acquire modern scientific potential through the efforts of Professor Elephter Andronikashvili . Elephter Andronikashvili headed the institute for almost 40 years and gained international recognition thanks to fundamental experiments in the study of the liquid helium and its properties .
The institute has received more than 90 international , more than 100 local and more than 50 individual grants Since 1992 .
The Institute of Physics operated a nuclear reactor from 1959 to 1990 , and from 1959 to 1986 a high-altitude laboratory for studying cosmic rays on the Tskhratskaro Pass .
The first international conference was held at the Institute in 1955 , since then the Institute of Physics has been participating in various international events . The Institute of Physics publishes an average of 125 papers of scientific work annually . The Institute successfully cooperates with leading universities and research centers in Brazil , Czech Republic , Latvia , Japan , Ukraine .
Scientists at the institute are involved in international projects such as the ATLAS experiment on the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) of the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( CERN – Switzerland , Geneva ) . The institute is also actively collaborating with the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research ( Dubna ) and the Helsinki University of Technology ( Finland ) .
Based on local and international grants , the institute 's scientists also work in the field of applied research . For example , on some important issues such as reduction of harmful vehicle emissions , toxic emissions using combined nanotechnology methods , processing of radiation-resistant ceramics for friction nodes operating in extreme conditions ( sample design and testing ) , etc .
1951-1988
In 1951-1988 , the director of the Institute of Physics of the Georgian National Academy of Sciences was Elephter Andronikashvili .
It was during this period that Andronikashvili and their students were the first to study the transverse impulses of the products of interaction caused by cosmic ray particles , which enabled them to question the possibility of the internal structure of elementary particles . These fundamental results have also been included in several encyclopedic and monographic publications .
Under the leadership of Elephter Andronikashvili , the world 's first indium-gallium radiation circuit – a powerful source of gamma rays was created at the reactor of the Institute of Physics . Institute played a leading role in Soviet Union 's development of a new direction of studies – low-temperature radiation material science .
In 1969 , the Institute of Physics was awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labor for its achievements in the field of cosmic ray physics and for the training of highly qualified scientific staff . Prominent scientists such as Mstislav Keldysh and Niels Bohr . have visited to the Institute of Physics .
1988-2006
In 1988-2006 , Academician Giorgi Kharadze was the director of the Elephter Andronikashvili Institute of Physics .
Nuclear reactor
With the initiative of the director of the Institute of Physics , Academician Elephter Andronikashvili , the construction of a research nuclear reactor near the village of Mukhatgverdi near Tbilisi began in 1957 , and on November 21 , 1959 it was opened officially . Since then , the reactor has been reconstructed several times to strengthen its capacity .
In 1990 , Georgian National Academy of Sciences made a decision to stop working on the nuclear reactor due to the negative attitude of a certain part of the Georgian society and nuclear fuel was removed from the reactor 's active zone .
The structure of the institute
The Elephter Andronikashvili Institute of Physics has 189 employees , of which 104 are scientists . The institute has five scientific departments , library and a mechanical workshop .
Building
The building of Elephter Andronikashvili Institute of Physics originally located on Lado Gudiashvili Square in Tbilisi , but later a special building was built for the Institute on Tamarashvili Street .
Scientific collaboration
Since 1985 , there has been an active cooperation between the Elephter Andronikashvili Institute of Physics of TSU and the Institute of Plasma Physics of the Czech Academy of Sciences ( Tokamak Plasma Physics ) , which is updated every 5 years .
Scientific direction
The goal of the Elephter Andronikashvili Institute of Physics is to conduct scientific research in the main areas of theoretical , experimental and applied physics :
Elementary particle physics ;
Condensed environmental physics ;
Plasma physics ;
Physics of biological systems ;
Applied Physics .
Modern situation
Currently , the Elephter Andronikashvili Institute of Physics is part of the Ivane Javakhishvili Tbilisi State University as an independent scientific-research institute . From 2006 to present day , Gela Gelashvili , Doctor of Physics and Mathematics , works as a Director of the Elephter Andronikashvili Institute of Physics .
References
Bibliography
Iskhneli , V. ( 1980 ) . `` About Physicists '' .
`` Georgian Soviet Encyclopedia '' . ( 1975 ) ( Ch.1 , p. 449 ) . Tbilisi .
Encyclopedia `` Tbilisi '' . ( 2002 ) ( p. 870 ) . Tbilisi .
External links
Research Centers of Tbilisi State University
E. Andronikashvili Institute of Physics
Elephter Andronikashvili Institute of Physics
Website of Elephter Andronikashvili Institute of Physics
Organizations established in 1950
Physics institutes
Education in Georgia ( country )
Tbilisi State University
Voscherau is a surname . Notable persons with this name include :
Carl Voscherau ( 1900–1963 ) , German film actor
Henning Voscherau ( 1941–2016 ) , German politician
References
Premachi Goshta ( meaning : Story of Love ) is a 2013 Marathi language film directed by Satish Rajwade . The film released on 1 February 2013 . The film features Atul Kulkarni and Sagarika Ghatge in lead roles and Sulekha Talwalkar , Satish Rajwade and Rohini Hattangadi in supporting roles . The film marks the debut of actor Sagarika Ghatge in marathi .
A dialogue in the film hints that the story could be inspired from A Midsummer Night 's Dream , a play by William Shakespeare .
The first look promo of the film was released on 18 December 2012 in an event organized at the Citi Light Cinema , Mahim .
Plot
The story of the film is of two strangers , Ram and Sonal , who meet at the marriage counselor 's office , start talking with each other and get to know each other . Ram is in the office trying to maintain their marriage with Ragini , who is an aspiring actor . Ram believes that they would return to him . Whereas Sonal has lost all faith in marriage and is here to get divorced from Samit .
They both meet again in very strange situation . Sonal was trying to get a job and come to Ram 's office without knowing that she 'll be interviewed by Ram himself .
Eventually Sonal gets a job as ram 's associate . Sonal develops feelings for Ram . but Ram , the man with values , still hopes that their wife will return . After reading Ram 's story about Love , Sonal suggests Ram that they should tell their story to producers because anybody would fall in Love after reading their story . They do that and eventually they get the offer from a producer because producer likes the story very much .
Just when Ram was about to propose Sonal , their husband came into picture and Ram starts staying away from Sonal . At the same time , Ram 's wife realizes their mistake of leaving Ram , comes back to their life , but Ram is now deeply in love with Sonal . They both face very difficult phase as they realize they ca n't confess their love due to their mutual misunderstanding . Finally , Ram 's wife realize that Ram is no longer into them and they love Sonal instead , they tell Ram to go to Sonal and confess their feelings . At the same time , Sonal realizes that their husband is good for nothing and decides to come back to Ram . After so much hustle , they both meet at the office again and confess their true feelings and here ends the tale of a simple yet beautiful love story between Ram and Sonal .
Cast
Atul Kulkarni , who is the two times winner of the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor and has played various character roles , would be seen for the first time in a romantic role . Sagarika Ghatge who is known for their role of the hockey player Preeti Sabarwal in the 2007 Bollywood film Chak De ! India makes their debut in Marathi cinema through this film . Also the film marks comeback of BAFTA Award winner Rohini Hattangadi in Marathi cinema after a long duration . The film is directed by Satish Rajwade whose previous Marathi film Mumbai-Pune-Mumbai was quite successful .
Atul Kulkarni as Ram Subramanyam
Sagarika Ghatge as Sonal
Rohini Hattangadi as Ram 's mother
Sulekha Talwalkar as Ragini
Meera Welankar
Ajay Purkar as Samit
Satish Rajwade as Swaraj
Soundtrack
The lyrics for the film were penned by Ashwini Shende and Vishwajeet Joshi with music and background score composed by the duo Avinash-Vishwajeet .
Promotion and reception
The film was promoted by the lead actors in a unique way , by organizing a kite festival on 14 January 2013 , the day of Makar Sankranti . More than 1500 kites were flown , which had film 's name on them . Although the film has a clichéd love-story plot , the film has been appreciated for putting forth `` love beyond relationship '' .
References
External links
2013 films
2010s Marathi-language films
Films directed by Satish Rajwade
Mecubúri District is a district of Nampula Province in north-eastern Mozambique . The principal town is Mecubúri .
Further reading
District profile ( PDF )
Districts in Nampula Province
Rath may refer to :
Places
Ireland
Ráth Cairn , village in County Meath
Rath , County Clare , a civil parish in County Clare
Rath , County Offaly , a village in south-west Offaly
Rath , County Tipperary , a townland in County Tipperary
Two different townlands in County Westmeath
Rath , Kilkenny West , a townland in Kilkenny West ( civil parish )
Rath , Street , a townland in Street , County Westmeath ( civil parish )
Other countries
Mount Rath , Antarctica
Düsseldorf-Rath , Germany
Rath , India , a town in Uttar Pradesh
People
Rath ( surname )
Rath ( Odia surname ) a form of Rathi , a general surname also used by Oriya/Utkal Brahmins from the Indian state of Orissa
Rath Sarem , Cambodian politician
Businesses and organizations
Rath Packing Company , a defunct meat packer formerly located in Waterloo , Iowa
Thai Rath , national Thai-language daily newspaper published in Bangkok
Musée Rath , art museum in Geneva
Fictional uses
Rath block , a block of three Magic : The Gathering game expansions
Rath , an alien transformation in Ben 10 : Alien Force
Rath , a character in the Mummies Alive ! TV series
Immanuel Rath , leading character in the 1930 film The Blue Angel and the 1959 remake
Rath , a creation of Lewis Carroll in Jabberwocky
Rath Illuser , character in the manga Dragon Knights
Other uses
Rath tribe , a Rajput ethnic group from northern India
Ráth ( anglicised rath ) , Irish for ringfort
Rath , a breed of zebu cattle
See also
Wrath ( disambiguation )
Rath House , Chicago , Illinois
Ballyfounder Rath , a ringfort situated in County Down , Northern Ireland
Ratha , Indo-Iranian term for spoked-wheel chariot or cart of antiquity
Ratha-Yatra , a public procession in a chariot
Brian Ebenezer Adjei Brobbey ( born 1 February 2002 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker for Ajax .
Club career
Early career
Brobbey began their youth career with AFC before joining the Ajax academy in 2010 .
Ajax
Brobbey made their Ajax debut in the Eredivisie on 31 October 2020 , coming on as a substitute and scoring in a 5–2 victory over Fortuna Sittard . They made their European debut in the group stage of the UEFA Champions League against Atalanta on 9 December 2020 and their performance was praised by coach Erik ten Hags .
On 3 February 2021 , Ajax director of football Marc Overmars , confirmed that Brobbey would leave the club at the expiry of their contract at the end of the season . Brobbey scored their first goal in a European competition on 18 February , netting Ajax 's second goal in their Europa League round of 32 first leg away win over Lille .
RB Leipzig
On 12 March 2021 , RB Leipzig announced the signing of Brobbey . They joined them on 1 July 2021 .
Return to Ajax on loan
On 27 December 2021 , it was announced that Brobbey would return to Ajax on a six-month loan spell without an option to buy . They were assigned shirt number 18 , previously worn that season by Jurgen Ekkelenkamp . They made their first appearance on 16 January 2022 in an away match against FC Utrecht as the starting striker , securing two goals before being substituted-off in the 70th minute for Davy Klaassen in a 3–0 victory .
Return to Ajax
On 22 July 2022 , Ajax confirmed the re-signing of Brian Brobbey on a five-year contract for a fee of € 16.35 million plus € 3 million in potential add ons .
International career
Born in the Netherlands , Brobbey is of Ghanaian descent . Brobbey represented the Netherlands U17 at both the 2018 and 2019 editions of the UEFA European Under-17 Championship , winning both competitions respectively .
Personal life
They are a younger brother of fellow football players Derrick Luckassen , Kevin Luckassen , and Samuel Brobbey .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Ajax
Eredivisie : 2020–21 , 2021–22
KNVB Cup : 2020–21
Netherlands U17
UEFA European Under-17 Championship : 2018 , 2019
References
2002 births
Living people
Dutch sportspeople of Ghanaian descent
Footballers from Amsterdam
Dutch footballers
Association football forwards
Netherlands youth international footballers
Eerste Divisie players
Eredivisie players
Bundesliga players
Amsterdamsche FC players
Jong Ajax players
AFC Ajax players
RB Leipzig players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Pasha Kola-ye Bish Mahalleh ( , also Romanized as Pāshā Kolā-ye Bīsh Maḩalleh ; also known as Pāshā Kolā ) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 291 , in 71 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Islamic Complex Putrajaya ( Malay : Kompleks Islam Putrajaya ) is an administrative building complex for Malaysian government agencies located in the federal administrative center , Federal Territory of Putrajaya . Putrajaya Islamic Complex is located in Precinct 3 , Putrajaya next to Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin Mosque and is motivated by modern Islamic architecture .
History
Putrajaya Islamic Complex was first built in October 2011 in Precinct 3 , Putrajaya . The construction was completed in July 2016 and commenced operations on 1 December 2016 . The office block named as Putrajaya Islamic Complex was built by TH Properties on a 2.21 hectare site . The Putrajaya Islamic Complex , which is motivated by modern Islamic architecture , consists of four blocks , namely Blocks A , B , C and D. This complex houses nine religious agencies under the portfolio of Religious Affairs , Prime Minister 's Department . Blocks A , C and D are connected by a bridge that is on the second floor in each block . The building also has an underground auditorium and can accommodate about 773 people .
Inauguration
The Putrajaya Islamic Complex was inaugurated on 18 July 2017 by the Prime Minister of Malaysia , Najib Razak . Putrajaya Islamic Complex features Islamic architecture that has its own aesthetic value , progressive and the latest technology . The arch on the roof shows the beauty of geometry featuring curves shaped like “ roof weaving ” ( tenunan bumbung ) .
Function
With the centralization of religious agencies in this complex , matters of Islamic affairs such as halal certificate applications , hajj and umrah matters , Islamic financial and banking services and Islamic family matters can be provided to customers more easily and quickly .
Architecture
The unique façade of the Putrajaya Islamic Complex building is motivated “ Islamic trellis ” forming lace braiding provides natural lighting and reduces glare . This building has the concept of light , transparency and dynamics . Inspired by the parable of `` nur '' which is light as stated in Sura An-Nur verse 35 . The main canopy with a design like a semi-structured steel dome , subtly gives an interpretation of the decorative Islamic ornaments of muqarnas ( three-dimensional decoration ) . The KIP building concept was built with the aim of realizing a wider and more comfortable working environment . In the main entrance hall there is a covered or covered area for the convenience of users to enter and exit . The main lobby or public area is designed with a height ( double volume height ) to look wider and allow adequate lighting and airflow . Access facilities for the disabled are provided in each strategic area
References
Buildings and structures in Putrajaya
María del Consuelo Vello Cano , known as La Fornarina ( Madrid , 28 May 1884- Madrid 17 July 1915 ) was an early twentieth-century Cuplé singer whose short career –barely 15 years– nevertheless brought their fame throughout Spain and Europe . Among their admirers were Jacinto Benavente and the brothers Antonio and Manuel Machado .
Biography
Daughter of the Civil Guard Laureano Vello Álvarez and the laundress Benita Cano Rodríguez .
Them first notable appearances were as chorus girl in the Teatro de la Zarzuela in Madrid and their presence is also documented in the capital 's Teatro Japonés around 1900 . They apparently owed their nickname , `` La Fornarina '' ( the baker girl ) to the La Época journalist Javier Betegón . They already appeared under the name at the Teatro Romea in Madrid , the Teatro Nuevo Retiro in Barcelona and the Salon Novedades in Valencia . From 1904 , they became associated with the lyricist José Juan Cadenas .
Them appearances abroad can be traced to 1905 , in Lisbon 's Coliseu dos Recreios . Soon , they became the star of the Teatro Lara , the Salón de Novedades and the Zarzuela in Madrid as well as the Príncipe Real theatre in Oporto . Them grand entrance on the international scene was at the Parisian `` Apollo Théatre '' in 1907 . It is in Paris that they meet Quinito Valverde , author of the song Clavelitos ( Little Carnations ) ( 1909 ) that would become their greatest success . With this song they trod the boards of London 's Alhambra Theatre , the Olympia in Paris or the Palais Soleil in Montecarlo , even appearing in St Petersburg in 1909 . After the long European tour , King Alfonso XIII of Spain presided over one of their appearances at the Teatro de la Comedia .
In 1914 , a year before their premature death , they premiered El ultimo cuplé ( the last cuplé ) ( a theme that would inspire the 1957 film The Last Torch Song , starring another Spanish diva , Sara Montiel . Critics of the time wrote that they supplemented them a weak voice with good modulation and `` exquisite low notes '' . They died at the height of their fame , at the age of 31 and is buried in Saint Isidore Cemetery .
Other notable `` Queens of cuplé '' were La Chelito and Raquel Meller .
References
1884 births
1915 deaths
Singers from Madrid
20th-century Spanish women singers
Cupletistas
Miles Staveley ( born 12 August 1846 ) was an English cricketer . They were a right-handed batsman and a right-arm round-arm bowler who played for Surrey . They were born in St. Pancras .
Staveley made a single first-class appearance for the side , in 1870 , against Sussex . They scored 3 runs in the first innings and a duck in the second - and took figures of 1-24 with the ball .
External links
Miles Staveley at CricketArchive
1846 births
English cricketers
Surrey cricketers
People from St Pancras , London
Year of death missing
Gawanga Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of East Sepik Province , Papua New Guinea . The Kwanga language is spoken in this LLG .
Wards
01 . Apangai
02 . Yambanakor 1
03 . Yambinakor 2
04 . Asanakor
05 . Inakor
06 . Apos
07 . Daina
08 . Masalagar
09 . Wasambu
10 . Bongomasi
11 . Wahaukia
12 . Bongos
13 . Kuyor
14 . Kuatengisi
15 . Mamsi
16 . Kubriwat 1
17 . Kubriwat 2
18 . Tau 1
19 . Tau 2
20 . Wamenokor
21 . Sauke Aucheli
22 . Surumburombo
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1554 .
Events
January 25 – Missionary , writer and poet José de Anchieta is one of the founders of the city of São Paulo , Brazil .
unknown date – Publication of Menno Simons ' begins the Dutch Golden Age of literature .
New books
Prose
Matteo Bandello
Novelle
Prima Parte
Edmund Bonner – Profitable and Necessary Doctryne
Charles Estienne – Praedium Rusticum
Johannes Magnus – Historia de omnibus gothorum sueonumque regibus ( History of all Kings of Goths and Swedes )
Tepetlaoztoc Codex
Lazarillo de Tormes ( anonymous )
Adrianus Turnebus 's edition of Corpus Hermeticum
Approximate year :
Título de Totonicapán ( anonymous K'iche ' language document )
Poetry
Anacreontea ( Greek poems of 1st century BC – 6th century AD , published for first time by Henri Estienne )
Births
October 20 – Bálint Balassi , Hungarian poet ( died 1594 )
November 11 – Luis de la Puente , Spanish theologian ( died 1624 )
November 30 – Sir Philip Sidney , English soldier and poet ( died 1586 )
Unknown date – Anrakuan Sakuden , Japanese poet ( died 1642 )
probable – Sir Walter Raleigh , writer , poet , soldier , courtier , spy , and explorer ( died 1618 )
Deaths
January 16 – Christiern Pedersen , Danish scholar , writer and printer ( born c. 1480 )
April 23 – Gaspara Stampa , Italian poet ( born 1523 )
June 24 – Feliciano de Silva , Spanish writer ( born c. 1491 )
September 8 – Johann Wild , German Bible commentator ( born 1497 )
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Aghuz Koti ( , also Romanized as Āghūz Kotī ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 319 , in 77 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Mark Larry Taufua , also known by the nicknames of `` Fu '' , or `` Taff '' , is a Samoan former rugby league footballer who played as a and . They played for the Newcastle Knights and the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the NRL .
Background
They were born in Newcastle , New South Wales , Australia and is of Samoan descent .
Their younger brother Larry Jnr , played for the Newcastle Knights in the Jersey Flegg Cup in 2006 and 2007 .
Playing career
After playing junior rugby league in Maitland Pickers for the Woodberry Warriors , Taufua switched to rugby union , playing for the Waratahs in the Newcastle and Hunter Rugby Union competition . They were a Newcastle and NSW Country rugby union representative when in 2006 Brian Smith , the Knights coach at that time discovered him . After debuting in the NRL midway through 2007 , at 25 , Taufua continued to improve . In 2008 , a Newcastle Herald article nicknamed them `` The Samoan stealth bomber '' after `` teeth-rattling tackles and bone-jarring charges '' against the Melbourne Storm , and in 2009 , played in every game for Newcastle except their first-round loss to the Gold Coast . They only missed a few games in 2010 due to injury .
On 7 June 2011 , Taufua signed with the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks for two years , starting in 2012 .
Throughout the 2013 season , Taufua struggled to obtain game time in the NRL , due to the likes of Luke Lewis , Paul Gallen and Andrew Fifita , before him , but had a fitting end to their career with a stellar season as starting prop in a NSW Cup Premiership side , captained by Chad Townsend .
They announced their retirement from the game after the 2013 Rugby League World Cup . Taufua later played for the West Newcastle Rosellas in the Newcastle Rugby League competition .
Representative career
In 2009 they were named as part of the Samoan side for the Pacific Cup .
In April 2013 they played for Samoa in their Pacific Rugby League International against fierce pacific rivals Tonga .
Later in the year , Mark played for Samoa in their successful 2013 Rugby League World Cup campaign .
Personal life
Mark Taufua is the second eldest son of Feiloivao Lilomaiava Taulave ( Lave/Larry ) Taufua , who is a Paramount Chief of Faleatiu , A'ana , Samoa . Taufua 's father was also a Heavy Weight boxer in New Zealand during the late 70s , where their alias was `` Prince Tattoo '' ( due to their traditional Samoan tattoo known as Tatau or Pe ' a . Their mother Lulu Sapaea Faofua ( Taufua ) of Laulii died in 1996 due to cancer .
They are the uncle of current Brisbane Broncos player Payne Haas
References
External links
2011 Newcastle Knights profile
Rugby League Project stats
Daily Telegraph profile
1981 births
Living people
Australian people of New Zealand descent
Australian people of Samoan descent
Australian rugby league players
Central Coast Centurions players
Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks players
Maitland Pickers players
Newcastle Knights players
People educated at St Paul 's College , Auckland
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Newcastle , New South Wales
Rugby league props
Samoa national rugby league team players
Western Suburbs Rosellas players
State Route 676 ( SR 676 ) is a long east–west state highway in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Ohio . The western terminus of SR 676 is at a T-intersection with SR 555 approximately southeast of the village of Chesterhill . Its eastern terminus is at a T-intersection with SR 7 in the southwestern portion of the city of Marietta .
Route description
SR 676 traverses the western portion of Washington County and a small portion of southern Morgan County . There are no segments of SR 676 that are a part of the National Highway System ( NHS ) , a network of route determined to be most important for the economy , mobility and defense of the country .
History
The SR 676 designation was established in 1937 . It has utilized the same routing between SR 555 near Chesterhill and SR 7 near Marietta throughout its history . Initially , the entire length of SR 676 was a gravel roadway . In 1947 , the easternmost stretch of SR 676 between County Road 183 ( CR 183 ) and SR 7 was paved . Four years later , the highway was hard-surfaced between the present SR 339 junction , at the time designated as SR 76 , and CR 183 . The remaining gravel portion of SR 676 between SR 555 and the current SR 339 intersection was paved by 1961 .
Major intersections
References
676
676
676
Maroldsweisach is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany .
Culture and sights
Alte Burg ( Altenstein ) , the `` Old Castle ''
Altenstein Castle
Ditterswind Palace
Hafenpreppach Palace
Maroldsweisach Palace
Pfaffendorf Palace
Pfaffendorf Village Church
Birkenfeld Palace
Jewish Cemetery with memorial tablets to persecuted and murdered Jews
Local Citizens of Note
Joseph Brunner ( November 26 , 1706 –– November 19 , 1827 ) was born in Trappstadt and died in Altenstein . Once considered to have been the oldest proven person , information has recently surfaced which suggests they may have only been born in 1739 , making them 88 years old at the time of their death
Rudolf Berthold , the World War I flying ace and Pour le Merite winner , was born in Ditterswind .
Endnotes
References
Franks , Norman ; Bailey , Frank W. ; Guest , Russell . Above the Lines : The Aces and Fighter Units of the German Air Service , Naval Air Service and Flanders Marine Corps , 1914–1918 . Grub Street , 1993. , .
Haßberge ( district )
Blake Lawrie ( born 10 January 1997 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a and for the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the NRL .
Background
Lawrie was born in Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .
They played their junior rugby league for the Dapto Canaries and Western Suburbs Red Devils , before being signed by the St. George Illawarra Dragons .
Playing career
Early career
In 2015 and 2016 , Lawrie played for the St. George Illawarra Dragons ' NYC team .
2017
In 2017 , Lawrie played for the Dragons ' Intrust Super Premiership NSW team , Illawarra Cutters . On 1 May , they re-signed with the Dragons on a 2-year contract until the end of 2019 . Later that week , they played for the Junior Kangaroos against the Junior Kiwis . On 31 May , they played for the New South Wales under-20s team against the Queensland under-20s team . In round 17 of the 2017 NRL season , they made their NRL debut for the Dragons against the Gold Coast Titans .
2018
Lawrie made a total of 9 appearances for St George Illawarra in the 2018 NRL season as the club qualified for the finals series . Lawrie played in both finals games for the club which were the upset victory in week one against Brisbane at Suncorp Stadium where St George Illawarra won the match 48-18 and the following week where the club lost the elimination final against South Sydney 13-12 at ANZ Stadium .
2019
Lawrie made a total of 23 appearances for St. George Illawarra in the 2019 NRL season as the club endured one of their toughest seasons finishing in 15th position on the table .
2020
Lawrie played 15 games for St. George Illawarra in the 2020 NRL season as the club finished 12th .
2021
On 5 July 2021 , Lawrie was fined $ 20,000 by the NRL and suspended for one game after breaching the game 's Covid-19 biosecurity protocols when they attended a party along with 12 other St. George Illawarra players at Paul Vaughan 's property .
On 17 August , it was announced that Lawrie would be ruled out indefinitely with a broken hand which they sustained in the club 's loss against Penrith .
Lawrie played a total of 21 matches for St. George Illawarra in the 2021 NRL season as the club finished 11th on the table and missed out on the finals .
2022
On 29 May , Lawrie scored their first NRL try after 91 NRL appearances in their round 12 34-24 win against Canterbury-Bankstown at Belmore Sports Ground .
Statistics
References
External links
St. George Illawarra Dragons profile
1997 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Illawarra Cutters players
Junior Kangaroos players
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Wollongong
Rugby league props
St. George Illawarra Dragons players
The Dubai Gold Cup is a thoroughbred horse race held in Meydan Racecourse , Dubai , United Arab Emirates . It was first run in 2012 as part of Dubai World Cup night . It was initially a Group 3 race and has been run at Group 2 level since 2014 .
The first running of the race was marred by the fatal injury sustained by Fox Hunt . The race was abandoned and rerun later that evening .
Records
Speed record :
3:17.77 – Subjectivist ( 2021 )
Most wins : 3
Vazirabad : ( 2016 , 2017 , 2018 )
Most wins by a jockey ( 3 ) :
Christophe Soumillon : Vazirabad ( 2016 , 2017 , 2018 )
Most wins by a trainer ( 3 ) :
Alain de Royer-Dupré : Vazirabad ( 2016 , 2017 , 2018 )
Most wins by an owner ( 3 )
Aga Khan IV : Vazirabad ( 2016 , 2017 , 2018 )
Godolphin : Opinion Poll ( 2012 ) , Cavalryman ( 2013 ) , Cross Counter ( 2019 )
Winners
See also
List of the United Arab Emirates horse races
References
Racing Post :
, , , , , , , , ,
External links
Dubai World Cup
Horse races in the United Arab Emirates
Recurring sporting events established in 2012
2012 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Open long distance horse races
The 2018–19 season was the 114th season of competitive football in Turkey .
Pre-season
League tables
Süper Lig
1.Lig
Turkish Cup
Final
National team
Friendlies
2018–19 UEFA Nations League
UEFA Euro 2020 qualification
Turkish clubs in Europe
UEFA Champions League
Third qualifying round
Group Stage
Group D
UEFA Europa League
Second qualifying round
Third qualifying round
Play-off Round
Group stage
Group D
Group I
Group J
Knockout phase
Round of 32
References
Seasons in Turkish football
Turkish 2018
Papua New Guinea–Philippines relations refers to the bilateral relations of Papua New Guinea and the Philippines . Papua New Guinea has an embassy in Manila and the Philippines has an embassy in Port Moresby , which is also accredited to the Solomon Islands , Vanuatu and Fiji .
History
The Philippines established a Consulate-General in Port Moresby on August 19 , 1974 . Upon Papua New Guinea 's independence on September 16 , 1975 the Philippine consulate in Port Moresby was upgraded to an embassy making the Philippines one of the first countries to formalize diplomatic relations with Papua New Guinea .
Economic relations
In March 2009 , The Philippines and Papua New Guinea entered into a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) that would enhance the cooperation between the two countries on the development of fisheries . The MoU will facilitate technology transfer in aquaculture development , promotion of shipping ventures , investments , technical training , joint research , and “ strategic complementation ” of each country 's plans in the Coral Triangle – or the waters between the Philippines , Indonesia , and the Pacific Islands . The fisheries trade is significantly responsible for recent overall trade growth between the Philippines and Papua New Guinea .
In March 2012 the Philippine Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources ( BFAR ) has started discussions with Papua New Guinea officials on the issues of access and trade . Under the proposed agreement , Papua New Guinea is willing to give fishing rights to Filipino commercial fishermen in its waters in exchange for agricultural commodities and rice .
There are about 25,000 Filipinos currently in Papua New Guinea as of 2013 .
Political relations
Papua New Guinea asked the Philippines for its support for its full membership bid in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in 2009 .
References
Philippines
Bilateral relations of the Philippines
Karen Carter Peterson ( born November 1 , 1969 ) is an American lawyer and politician who served as a member of the Louisiana State House from 1999 to 2010 , then as the state senator from the 5th district until their resignation on April 9 , 2022 . They also served as the chair of the Louisiana Democratic Party from 2012 to 2020 , becoming the first female chair of the state party .
Since 2008 , Peterson has served as Democratic National Committeewoman for Louisiana . In 2017 , Peterson was elected vice chair of civic engagement and voter participation for the Democratic National Committee . In July 2022 , Peterson accepted a plea deal with federal prosecutors in a case involving diversion of state Democraic party funds they used to cover gambling debts .
Early life and education
Peterson was born and raised in New Orleans , the daughter of Ken and Gwen Carter . Them father was the first African American to become a tax assessor in New Orleans . Peterson graduated from Mercy Academy and in 1991 received a Bachelor of Arts degree in international business and marketing from Howard University in Washington , D.C. Peterson then returned to New Orleans to earn a Juris Doctor from Tulane University Law School in 1995 .
Career
Louisiana House of Representatives
Peterson served as a member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for District 93 from 1999 to 2010 . Peterson served as House Speaker Pro Tempore from 2008 to 2010 .
Louisiana State Senate
In 2010 , Peterson won a special election to the Louisiana State Senate from the 5th district after their predecessor , Cheryl Gray Evans , resigned . Peterson served the remainder of Evans ' term . In 2011 , 2015 and 2010 , Peterson was re-elected to full four-year terms .
On April 9 , 2022 , Peterson resigned from their Senate post , attributing their action to depression , and an addiction to gambling . On April 11 , 2022 , it was disclosed by a source familiar with the investigation that they were the subject of a probe by the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) , for financial crimes that were said to be related to them admitted gambling addiction .
Chair of the Louisiana Democratic Party
In the spring of 2012 , Senator Peterson was elected Chair of the Louisiana Democratic Party by the Louisiana Democratic State Central Committee , ousting former chair Claude `` Buddy '' Leach by a vote of 85 to 75 . Peterson 's tenure as chair was marred by controversy when it emerged that they pressured then state representative John Bel Edwards to drop out of the 2015 Louisiana gubernatorial election so Democrats could rally around a moderate Republican to defeat the perceived frontrunner , U.S . Senator David Vitter . Edwards refused and went on to defeat Vitter by a twelve-point margin . Peterson stepped down as Chair of the Louisiana Democratic Party in 2020 after it was discovered that they had diverted state party funds to various vendors , in order to cover their debts accumulated as a consequence of a gambling addiction .
BOLD political organization
Peterson is a political protégé of Jim Singleton , a former city councilman and the leader of the powerful Black Organization for Leadership Development ( BOLD ) , which has repeatedly aligned itself in opposition to William J. Jefferson and their Progressive Democrats . With the help of BOLD , Peterson was elected in 1999 to the Louisiana state legislature as a representative for the 93rd district , which encompasses New Orleans , the upper French Quarter , and parts of Central City and Mid-City . In the state legislature , they were one of the most vocal supporters of a plan to reform the New Orleans public school system by putting it under state control . With state senator Walter Boasso , they were also a leader in the protracted but successful consolidation of a multiplicity of levee boards to prevent a repetition of uncoordinated responses that exacerbated the failures of the New Orleans Levee system during Hurricane Katrina . The bill was heavily backed by local business leaders . The bill failed , but a similar version passed in a special session in early 2006 . Before Katrina , the Governor selected levee board commissioners . After the legislation passed , the selections were made by a local blue-ribbon committee .
Congressional campaigns
2006
Peterson was a candidate for U.S. Congress in Louisiana 's 2nd congressional district ( map ) in the mid-term election of November 2006 . She , along with several other candidates , challenged incumbent Democrat Bill Jefferson , who was the subject of an FBI investigation . They finished in second place with 19,972 votes ( 21.6 % of the total votes cast ) , and therefore they and Jefferson entered a runoff round of voting on December 9 , 2006 . Jefferson prevailed by a 57 % -43 % margin , the lowest since their original election in 1990 .
Peterson received endorsements from prominent Republican business people Joe Canizaro and Donald T. `` Boysie '' Bollinger . They were also endorsed by both the Louisiana State Democratic Party and the Orleans Parish branch of the Democratic Party . They centered their campaign around the argument that Jefferson 's corruption scandal left New Orleans with a lack of credible and respected representation in Congress . Jefferson , in turn , accused Peterson of profiting from no-bid `` sweetheart '' contracts with the New Orleans City Council as their legal advisor for utility regulation . In 2009 , Jefferson was convicted of eleven felonies .
2021
In November 2020 , Representative Cedric Richmond of the 2nd district announced that they would resign from Congress in January 2021 , after being appointed by President-elect Joe Biden to be Senior Advisor to the President and director of the Office of Public Liaison . Shortly thereafter , Peterson launched a campaign website , indicating their intention to run for the seat .
Peterson received endorsements from Stacey Abrams in January , and the Congressional Progressive Caucus in March .
Peterson received 23 % of the vote in the first round , and advanced to the second round with Troy Carter . On March 29 , 2021 , they were endorsed by Gary Chambers , the third-place finisher in the primary ,
A Carter campaign ad implied that a 2004 law sponsored by Peterson led to the layoffs of 7,000 teachers and school workers in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina . That was n't true , according to several supporters of the 2004 law , which allowed a new state entity , the Recovery School District , to take over failing schools in New Orleans ' troubled school system after Katrina . Carter 's ad featured former teachers and principals , including Eddy Oliver , who linked 2004 law with the post-Katrina layoffs , a persistent issue among those who lost their jobs in the process and which has become a symbol of the decline afterward of the New Orleans Black middle class . The act allowed the RSD , which the Legislature had created the year before , to take over a handful of failing New Orleans schools . It was vigorously supported by Democratic Governor Kathleen Blanco and their state Superintendent of Education . Over a year afterward , weeks after Hurricane Katrina inundated New Orleans resulting in the closure of its schools , Blanco pushed Act 35 , sponsored by Representative Carl Crane from Baton Rouge , through the Legislature . It allowed the RSD to take over all public K-12 schools in New Orleans . Peterson voted against the bill . Carter 's campaign ad failed to mention this . Subsequently , the Orleans Parish School Board and the RSD transformed the city 's K-12 education into exclusively charter schools .
Peterson received the endorsement of New Orleans mayor LaToya Cantrell on April 7 , just three days before the beginning of early voting . Cantrell said , `` I 'm proud to stand by my friend , to stand by a true partner , a woman who is fearless but who takes the risks that need to be taken , '' Cantrell said , `` It 's all about getting things done . ''
In the April 24th runoff , Carter beat Peterson 48,511 ( 55.2 % ) to 39,295 ( 44.8 % ) , with 87,806 votes reported from 100 % of precincts .
Political positions
Karen Peterson is a progressive Democrat , advocating Medicare for All , criminal justice , police reform and legislation to combat climate change . In 2014 , Peterson endorsed Senator Mary Landrieu for re-election .
Obamacare
Peterson is a proponent of Obamacare and Federal Medicaid expansion . In a statement to the state Senate , they argued that critics of Obamacare were motivated by race . The statement drew criticism from Governor Bobby Jindal and the leader of the Louisiana Republican Party , Roger F. Villere , Jr. As a result of the controversy , State Senator Elbert Guillory returned to the Republican Party , the party to which they were once registered but later left to run for elected office .
Tobacco taxation
Although generally a proponent of restrictions on state government spending instead of tax increases to close budgetary shortfalls , Peterson , an avowed non-smoker , supports higher taxes on tobacco and use of the consequent revenue to fund priorities of the Louisiana Healthier Families Act . Them 2009 House Bill 889 ( Louisiana Healthier Families Act ) , after heavy lobbying by both sides , failed in the Louisiana House of Representatives ; they attributed the loss to `` the national ambition of our governor '' , Bobby Jindal , whom they accurately predicted was interested in the presidency and wanted to seek that office without a tax increase on their record .
Same-sex marriage
In a statement as follows , Peterson endorsed U.S. President Barack Obama 's support for same-sex marriage :
President Barack Obama demonstrated the courage and leadership in their statement on marriage equality today that those of us who support them have always admired . It was particularly moving to hear them discuss how their views had evolved on this subject over the years . The change was not the result of some intellectual exercise or political calculation ; it was the result of seeing the lives of friends and acquaintances in same-sex relationships that changed their thinking on the issue . We are fortunate to have as our leader a man who is so committed to the principles of fairness and equality ...
Peterson has appointed to their leadership team Stephen Handwerk , the first openly gay man to serve as an officer of the Louisiana Democratic Party . Handwerk writes a weekly column for the Lafayette Daily Advertiser and is the Democratic commentator on FM radio station KPEL in Lafayette .
Evolution
In 2013 , Peterson proposed repeal of the Louisiana Science Education Act , a 2008 law which permits science teachers in public schools to use supplemental classroom materials to question evolution as presented in science textbooks . The Senate Education Committee voted 3-2 on May 1 , 2013 , against the repeal . Over seventy Nobel Prize-winning scientists supported Peterson 's bill and have urged that the state law be removed .
COVID-19 pandemic
Protesting against the failure of the Senate chamber to follow Centers for Disease Control 's recommended COVID-19 pandemic mask-wearing policy , Peterson refused to attend sessions and missed 85 % of their votes of the Louisiana State Senate in 2020 . They were later criticized in attack ads for accepting their pay during this protest .
Personal life
Peterson lives in New Orleans ' Warehouse District . Them husband , Dana Peterson , is a political consultant . Peterson appeared in Spike Lee 's documentary about Hurricane Katrina , When the Levees Broke .
When Peterson resigned their senate seat on April 9 , 2022 , the reasons they cited were an addiction to wagering as well as mood depression as a related condition .
Peterson is Catholic .
References
External links
Louisiana Senate - Karen C. Peterson government website
Karen Carter Peterson campaign website
Democratic Leadership Council profile
|-
|-
1969 births
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Howard University alumni
Lawyers from New Orleans
Living people
Louisiana Democrats
Louisiana politicians convicted of crimes
Louisiana state senators
Members of the Louisiana House of Representatives
Politicians from New Orleans
State political party chairs of Louisiana
Tulane University Law School alumni
Women state legislators in Louisiana
African-American Catholics
Candidates in the 2021 United States elections
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American politicians
The 1952 Challenge Desgrange-Colombo was the fifth edition of the Challenge Desgrange-Colombo . It included eleven races : all the races form the 1951 edition were retained with no additions . Ferdinand Kübler won their second edition , having previously won in 1950 . Italy won the nations championship .
Races
Final standings
Riders
Nations
References
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
Challenge Desgrange-Colombo
Route 45 is a highway in northwest Missouri , US in Buchanan County and Platte County which is largely in the bottom land alongside the Missouri River .
Route description
Its northern terminus is U.S. Route 59 just east of Atchison , Kansas where 59 turns sharply to St. Joseph , Missouri north while 45 heads south towards Kansas City , Missouri .
It overlaps Route 273 until just south of Weston , Missouri where 273 breaks off to head east .
At Beverly , Missouri , in what is referred to locally as the `` Beverly Curve '' , it intersects Route 92 going east to Platte City , Missouri and west to Leavenworth , Kansas .
About three miles ( 5 km ) later at East Leavenworth , Missouri , Route 45 intersects its spur which goes northwest to Leavenworth . The spur , which is signed as `` Route 45 '' and also known as the `` Leavenworth cutoff '' , was built as a shortcut from Leavenworth , Kansas to Kansas City during the construction of the Centennial Bridge ( Leavenworth , Kansas ) . Even though it is in Missouri it was maintained by the city of Leavenworth until the tolls were removed from the Centennial Bridge in May 1977 . This is now maintained by MODOT .
The length of the highway between the convergence of the spur and the intersection with I-435 to the south was quite narrow , each lane being less than 11 feet wide . In addition , there were large ruts just off the edges of the highway in some areas . This width shrank even more over the Platte River bridge just south of Farley , which was finally replaced after 79 years—the original bridge was built in 1933 and the replacement bridge ( built just to the east of the old bridge ) was completed in 2012 . Recent construction in the spring months of 2013 has widened the road and eliminated the danger of ruts , although as of May 2013 , there has not been a change in the painted lanes .
South of Farley , Missouri , the road leaves the Missouri River bottoms and heads southeast past Interstate 435 . The section between Interstate 435 and Interstate 29 that passes the National Golf Club of Kansas City is named the Tom Watson Parkway after the Kansas City native champion golfer who also designed the club 's course .
At the intersection with Interstate 435 , the road widens to become a four-lane concrete avenue . The road 's southern terminal point is Interstate 29 .
The road , which is almost exclusively rural until entering Kansas City suburban development at I-435 , is frequently listed as a `` scenic route '' as it stays close to the Missouri River bluffs and has commanding views of Fort Leavenworth .
History
Major intersections
References
045
Transportation in Buchanan County , Missouri
Transportation in Platte County , Missouri
Transportation in the Kansas City metropolitan area
Transportation in Kansas City , Missouri
John Grindrod is an author of books about British architecture . They are from Croydon , London .
Works
Their first book Concretopia ( 2013 ) covers architecture in the post-war consensus period .
Their second book Outskirts ( 2017 ) is a mix of memoir and investigation of the Metropolitan Green Belt , which surrounds New Addington where Grindrod 's family lived . This book was nominated for the 2018 Wainwright Prize .
Grindrod also works for publisher Faber and Faber . They have written for the Guardian , Financial Times , the Twentieth Century Society Magazine and The Modernist .
Bibliography
Concretopia , 2013
Outskirts , 2017
How To Love Brutalism , 2018
Iconicon : A Journey Around the Landmark Buildings of Contemporary Britain , 2023 ( Faber )
References
British writers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Miętkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately west of Mircze , south of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
History
World War II
During the World War II , in March 1944 , Turkowice was attacked by Polish partisans in reprisal for the Massacres of Poles in Volhynia carried out by Ukrainian nationalists . 105 Ukrainian villagers were murdered and 160 houses destroyed .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Massacres of Ukrainians during World War II
Anne Francis , née Gittins ( 1738 – 7 November 1800 ) was an English classical scholar and poet . They are notable for a poetic translation of the Bible 's Song of Songs that focuses on the dramatic action of the song , rather than its Christian allegorical interpretation .
Biography
Anne Gittins was born in 1738 as the daughter of the Rev . Daniel Gittins , rector of South Stoke , near Arundel , Sussex . They were educated by their father in the classics and Hebrew . They married the Rev . Robert Bransby Francis , rector of Edgefield , near Holt , Norfolk .
Though they lacked formal classical training , Anne Francis was in contact with the leading Old Testament scholars of the time : their Poetical Translation of the Song of Songs was dedicated to John Parkhurst , and other subscribers included Robert Lowth and Benjamin Kennicott . The Poetical Translation focused on what they saw as the direct dramatic action of the song , rather than its Christian allegorical interpretation . Taking a cue from Thomas Harmer , Francis distinguished the voice of an `` Egyptian Spouse '' from that of a `` Jewish Queen '' : in this love triangle , Solomon 's marriage to the daughter of Pharaoh being resented by an earlier wife .
Francis 's translation has not received much continuing attention . Yet in the verdict of one recent commentator , Francis 's `` insistence on bringing together learning and feeling , what they knew as male and female worlds , makes them Song of Songs an outstanding feminist monument . ''
In 1787 , Francis changed publishers to raise their voice in response to Goethe 's `` Charlotte to Werther . A Poetical Epistle '' . Throughout the 1790s , they further strengthened the reactionary side of the political divide by periodically publishing work .
Despite Francis 's lack of formal education , they aided in efforts to adapt French and German playscripts , as did various other female writers .
Anne Francis died on 7 November 1800 , at the age of 62 .
Selected works
A Poetical Translation of the Song of Solomon from the original Hebrew , with a preliminary Discourse and Notes , historical and explanatory , 1781 , 4to .
The Obsequies of Demetrius Poliorcetes : a Poem , 1785 , 4to .
A Poetical Epistle from Charlotte to Werther , 1788 , 4to .
Miscellaneous Poems , 1790 , 12mo .
References
Bibliography
1738 births
1800 deaths
18th-century British women writers
18th-century English writers
People from Arundel
English women poets
English classical scholars
Women classical scholars
18th-century English women
18th-century English people
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santo Tomé ( ) , is located in the city of Santo Tomé , in the province of Santa Fe , Argentina .
History
On 3 July 1979 , Blessed John Paul II established the Diocese of Santo Tomé from the Archdiocese of Corrientes and the Diocese of Goya .
Ordinaries
Carlos Esteban Cremata ( 1979–1985 )
Alfonso Delgado Evers ( 1986–1994 ) , appointed Bishop of Posadas
Francisco Polti Santillán ( 1994–2006 ) , appointed Bishop of Santiago del Estero
Hugo Norberto Santiago ( 2006–2016 ) , appointed Bishop of San Nicolás de los Arroyos )
Gustavo Alejandro Montini ( 2016- )
References
Roman Catholic dioceses in Argentina
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Corrientes
Christian organizations established in 1979
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
The Raj people are a Muslim community found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India .
See also
Hajjam
References
Muslim communities of Uttar Pradesh
Richard Godfrey ( 1949 – 13 December 2014 ) was an English studio potter working in Battisborough Cross , Devon England .
Early life and education
Godfrey graduated from Bristol School of Art in 1972 having been taught by Gillian Lowndes .
Career
From 1973 to 1981 they were Head of Art and Deputy Headmaster at Battisborough International School , Devon which was founded by Kurt Hahn .
Having set up their first workshop , they made production thrown ware for Cranks restaurant .
Godfrey was a fellow of the Craft Potters Association and known primarily for their brightly coloured earthenware pottery which used composite underglaze patterns .
Godfrey won the Bronze award at the European Ceramics Competition in Athens 2004 and at the Art in Clay festival in 2013 they were voted winner of the Valentine Clays Peers Award for best contribution to the festival . They lectured , demonstrated and exhibited widely and was the subject of two television documentaries .
Godfrey 's work combined thrown and hand built forms made with white earthenware clay , inspired by observing their surroundings and found objects . Their teapots were often made using non traditional press moulding techniques , utilising cut cardboard boxes . Potter Hannah McAndrew described their work as `` bright beasts , immaculately made , vibrant and smiling '' .
Godfrey died on 13 December 2014 after suffering with cancer for two years .
References
External links
Official website
1949 births
2014 deaths
English potters
English ceramicists
Artists from Devon
Stichaeidae , the pricklebacks or shannies , are a family of marine ray-finned fishes in the suborder Zoarcoidei of the order Scorpaeniformes . Most species are found in the North Pacific Ocean with a few in the North Atlantic Ocean .
Taxonomy
Stichaeidae was first proposed as a family in 1864 by the American zoologist Theodore Gill , although they called it the Stichaeoidae . The 5th edition of Fishes of the World classifies this family within the suborder Zoarcoidei , within the order Scorpaeniformes . Other authorities classify this family in the infraorder Zoarcales wihin the suborder Cottoidei of the Perciformes because removing the Scorpaeniformes from the Perciformes renders that taxon non monophyletic .
Fishes of the World mentions six subfamilies but does not assign genera to the subfamilies while other authorities split the Cebidichthyidae , Opisthocentridae , Lumpenidae and Neozoarcidae from the Sitchaeidae as valid families . The genera which are classified within the family Eulophiidae were also previously included within the Stichaeidae .
Subfamiles and genera
The family Stichaeidae is classified into subfamilies and genera as follows ( † means extinct ) :
Catalog of Fishes classifies these fishes as follows :
Etymology
The name of the family comes from that of its type genus Stichaeus , which means “ set in a row ” , which may be an allusion to the row of black spots on the dorsal fins of the species in that genus .
Characteristics
Stichaeidae is characterised by having an elongated body which is a little compressed . They have a very long dorsal fin which typically contains a large number of sharp spines , giving rise to the common name of prickleback , there may e some spines at the rear of the dorsal fin . The anal fin is long which has its origin closer to the head than to the tail , or halfway between the head and tail . The pectoral fins may be very small varying in size up to vary large and fan shaped fins and contain between 2 and 21 rays . The normally present small pelvic fins are located to the front of the pectoral fins , and have a single spine and between 1 and four rays . There are no appendages on the head although some species have a crest and there is a single pair of nostrils . The body is typically covered with small , overlapping scales but the head , other than the cheeks , is normally lacking scales . The sensory canals on the head are typically well developed ; there are normally 6 preopercular pores and 4 mandibular pores . There may be two lateral lines which can vary from a hardly noticeable row of neuromasts to consisting of one or more canals which can have complex branching . Their teeth are small and may be incisor-like or conical in shape . In the majority of species the gill membranes are widely joined and separate from the isthmus . Most species have a siphon on the operculum . They usually have a pyloric caecum but not a swim bladder . They have ribs .
Distribution and habitat
Stichaeidae is found in the North Pacific , North Atlantic , and Arctic oceans , with the majority of species in the North Pacific . They are coastal fishes which are found beneath rocks and in algae from the intertidal zone to shallow bays . they can be found at depths greater than on the outer continental shelf .
References
Zoarcoidei
The Nogales Arizona Port of Entry on Grand Avenue has been in existence since the early 20th century . It connects Interstate 19 with Mexican Federal Highway 15 . The port of entry is named after former Arizona Senator Dennis DeConcini . The border station was completely rebuilt in 1966 and upgrades to the pedestrian gates were made by the General Services Administration in 2012 . It is one of three border crossings in Nogales ; the Nogales-Mariposa Port of Entry , built in 1973 , handles commercial traffic west of the Grand Avenue crossing , while the adjacent Nogales-Morley Gate Port of Entry is used for pedestrians .
History
Since its inception , vehicles , pedestrians and trains have been inspected here . In 1931 , as part of a nationwide program to improve border security during Prohibition , The border fence was improved and two small inspection bungalows , which local residents termed `` garitas '' , were constructed at portals on Grand Avenue and Morley Avenue . Morley Gate is dedicated to pedestrian crossings . The Grand Avenue garita was expanded substantially in 1949 , but was replaced with the current multi-lane inspection facility in 1966 .
See also
List of Mexico–United States border crossings
List of Canada–United States border crossings
References
Mexico–United States border crossings
1903 establishments in Arizona Territory
Buildings and structures in Santa Cruz County , Arizona
Ethel Sturges Dummer ( 1866–1954 ) was a Chicago-based progressive activist , author , and philanthropist whose interests encompassed child labor laws , prison reform , education , psychology , and conservation . Born in Chicago in 1866 to Mary ( Delafield ) Sturges and George Sturges , they graduated in 1885 from the Kirkland School , a high school , in Chicago . They married William Francis Dummer ( 1851–1928 ) , a prominent Chicago banker , in 1888 . The couple had four daughters—Marion , Ethel , Katharine , and Frances—and a son who died in infancy .
Although they had no formal education beyond secondary school and never held a paid job , they played a significant role in the Chicago school of sociology and in professional sociology in general , according to sociologist Jennifer Platt . Dummer funded projects they considered important and encouraged professionals to work on them . They often provided to these professionals relevant data gathered by networks of social reformers , many of them women . In a review of Dummer 's autobiography , Why I Think So – The Autobiography of an Hypothesis ( 1937 ) , Thomas Eliot of Northwestern University , said , `` Mrs. Dummer is best recognized in their intellectual enthusiasms , and in their generous tributes and contributions ( spiritual and material ) to the work of others . ''
In 1905 , they joined the National Child Labor Committee and the Chicago Juvenile Protective Association , and in 1908 , they became a founder and trustee of the Chicago School of Civics and Philanthropy , later the University of Chicago School of Social Service Administration . They extended financial support to entities such as the Juvenile Psychopathic Institute and to prominent psychologists , psychiatrists , and sociologists including Adolf Meyer , Thomas Eliot , William Alanson White , Trigant Burrow , Katharine Anthony , Jessie Taft , and others . They funded research , writing , and administrative projects undertaken by Miriam Van Waters , a well-known prison reformer . They helped found the Illinois Society for Mental Hygiene and served on the boards of the City Club of Chicago , and the National Probation Association .
Among Dummer 's published work are prefaces to The Unadjusted Girl by William I. Thomas ( 1923 ) , a prominent sociologist and author . Concerned about the unequal treatment of women and men involved in what were known as sexual vice crimes , Dummer paid Thomas $ 5,000 a year for two years to research and analyze cases involving female prostitutes and unmarried mothers . Drawn to the work of Mary Boole and their husband , mathematician George Boole , Dummer supported publication of Mary Boole 's collected works in 1931 and wrote a pamphlet , Mary E. Boole : A Pioneer Student of the Unconscious in 1945 .
Dummer 's wide-ranging interests included biology , psychiatry , anthropology , and economics . The Unconscious : A Symposium ( 1928 ) ; The Evolution of a Biological Faith ( 1943 ) , and What is Thought ? ( 1945 ) were among their other published works .
After 1947 , Dummer lived with their daughter Katharine Dummer Fisher in Winnetka , Illinois . They died in Winnetka in 1954 ; memorial services were held at the Institute for Juvenile Research in Chicago .
References
Further reading
Papers of Ethel Sturges Dummer , 1689-1962 : A Finding Aid . Schlesinger Library , Radcliffe Institute , Harvard University .
Additional papers of Ethel Sturges Dummer , 1857-1998 : A Finding Aid . Schlesinger Library , Radcliffe Institute , Harvard University .
1866 births
1954 deaths
American feminists
Philanthropists from Illinois
American women writers
American social reformers
Writers from Chicago
Prathyusha ( 29 August 1981 – 23 February 2002 ) was an Indian actor who appeared in Telugu and Tamil language films .
Early life and film career
Pratyusha was born in Bhongir of present-day Telangana into a middle-class family . Them mother , Mrs. Sarojini Devi , is a government school teacher . Them brother is Praneet Chandra ( also known as Krishna Chandra ) .
Pratyusha was schooled at Santosh Vidhya Niketan , Bhuvanagiri , Prakash Public School , Miryalaguda and later at St. Anns High School , Tarnaka , Hyderabad .
Pratyusha completed their intermediate from Gouthami Residential Academy , S.R.Nagar and graduation in Bachelor of Hotel Management at Banjara Hills and JB Institute of Hotel Management .
Pratyusha participated in Television Star 2000 Contest and was crowned Ms. Lovely Smile . Them success in the contest paved way to enter the film world . They had signed for a Kannada film before they died .
Pratyusha 's final release was the delayed 2004 Sathyaraj film Sound Party , for which they got good reviews .
Death
Prathyusha died on 23 February 2002 after allegedly attempting suicide by consuming poison along with their boyfriend Siddhartha Reddy , reportedly after their family members rejected their marriage proposal . Pratyusha died while undergoing treatment at Care Hospital , while Siddartha recovered after treatment . The case was widely discussed in the media and attracted public attention as the suspicion of murder arose on Siddhartha , and after a forensic expert opined that the cause of their death was 'asphyxia due to manual strangulation ' . The report was referred to Professor T D Dogra , an eminent forensic expert and Head of Forensic Division , at All India Institute of Medical Sciences New Delhi . The doctor 's report was then found to be faulty . In 2004 , Siddhartha was sentenced to five years ' imprisonment and to pay a fine of Rs . 6,000 as they were found guilty of suicide attempt and abetting Pratyusha to commit suicide .
After their death , their mother started a charity in their name .
Filmography
References
External links
Indian film actores
Actresses in Tamil cinema
2002 deaths
1981 births
People from Nalgonda district
20th-century Indian actores
21st-century Indian actores
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses from Telangana
2002 suicides
Suicides in India
Suicides by poison
Artists who committed suicide
Female suicides
Ryan Nicholas Le Loux ( born 30 April 1984 ) in Darlinghurst , Sydney . They are an Australian cricketer who played for the Queensland Bulls in the Pura Cup in 2005 .
They were the overseas player for Dutch Premier League team Voorburg Cricket Club in 2006 and 2007 . They are also the current club captain of the Redlands Tigers in the Brisbane grade competition . In 2007 , they set the record for highest individual score in a Brisbane first grade match of 302 against Beenleigh-Logan , overhauling the previous mark of 300 set by Sandgate-Redcliffe 's Matthew Goggin in the 2002/03 season .
In November 2005 they acted at the twelfth man for the Australia national cricket team in a Test match against the West Indies .
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Australian cricketers
Queensland cricketers
Cricketers from Sydney
The 1980 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University ( now known as the University of Memphis ) as an independent during the 1980 NCAA Division I-A football season . In its fifth and final season under head coach Richard Williamson , the team compiled a 2–9 record and was outscored by a total of 255 to 115 . The team played its home games at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis , Tennessee .
The team 's statistical leaders included Darrell Martin with 888 passing yards , Richard Williams with 438 rushing yards , Jerry Knowlton with 470 receiving yards , and Rusty Bennett with 35 points scored .
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Malagasy mythology is rooted in oral history and has been transmitted by storytelling ( angano , `` story '' ) , notably the Andriambahoaka epic , including the Ibonia cycle . At least 52-59 % of the country is an adherent of the religion , which is known as Fomba Gasy . Adherence to Fomba Gasy is high amongst the Sakalava people ( up to 80 % ) , as they are reluctant to convert to faiths of foreign origin .
Traditional mythology in Madagascar tells of a creator deity referred to as Zanahary , and the division of Heaven and Earth between Zanahary and their son , Andrianerinerina , a rebellious hero and frequent theme of their worship as the son of God , or between Zanahary and earth deities such as Ratovantany which crafted human bodies from clay ; in these myths Zanahary gave life to humans , and their souls return to them on the sky or on the sun while their bodies return to the earth deities . In contrast to Andrianerinerina , the word Andriamanitra ( the Merina term for `` Fragrant Lord '' ) is used to refer to revered ancestors . Malagasy cultures were generally polytheistic , and worshiped a variety of entities that straddled the line between god and revered ancestor .
Role of ancestors
Ancestors are generally viewed as a benevolent force in the life of the living , but among some Malagasy it is believed that the spirits of ancestors may become angatra ( ghosts of the dead ) if they are ignored or abused . Angatra are believed to haunt their own graves and bring disease and misfortune to those living who offended them . A particular type of angatra is the : beings which look like people but have red eyes and long fingernails and disembowel living people .
Rituals such as the famadihana—rewrapping the bodies of the dead every 5–10 years in fresh lamba ( handmade cloth ) —are believed by some to prevent due to the traditional association of the lamba with hasina , the mystical and sacred life force . Beliefs relating to the powers and activities of the ancestors vary greatly from community to community within Madagascar .
Fady ( cultural taboos )
The declarations or actions of ancestors are often the source of fady ( taboos ) that shape the social life of Malagasy communities . Across Madagascar , lemurs are often revered and protected by fady . In all of the origin myths of the Indri ( in Betsimisaraka dialect : Babakoto ) , there is some connection of the lemur with humanity , usually through common ancestry . There are numerous accounts of the origin of the Indri in particular , but all characterize lemurs as sacred , and not to be hunted or harmed .
Vazimba veneration
Malagasy mythology portrays a pygmy-like people called the Vazimba as the original inhabitants . Some Malagasy believe that these original inhabitants still live in the deepest recesses of the forest . In certain communities ( and particularly in the Highlands ) , the practice of veneration of the dead can extend back to veneration of the Vazimba as the most ancient of ancestors . The kings of some Malagasy tribes claim a blood kinship to the Vazimba , including the Merina dynasty that eventually ruled over all of Madagascar . The Merina claim Vazimba ancestry through the royal line 's founder , King Andriamanelo , whose mother , Queen Rafohy , was of the Vazimba .
List of mythological figures
Zanahary : The creator sky deity and generally most revered deity . Breathed life into beings , and their essence returns to them to the heavens upon death .
Andrianerinerina : The son of Zanahary , folk hero and ancestor of the royal line .
Andriambahomanana : The first man , and a lunar deity .
Mahaka and Kotofetsy : A pair of trickster deities .
Ratovantany : Creator earth god . Shaped the physical bodies of beings , and claims their remains upon death .
Rapeto : An earth deity/mythical hero credited with shaping the land .
See also
Hainteny
References
Selected literature
Bonnefoy , Yves ; , Doniger , Wendy ( 1993 ) . Asian Mythologies . University Of Chicago Press . pp . 187–201 . .
Dandouau , A . ( 1922 ) . Contes Populaires Des Sakalava Et Des Tsimihety .
Ferrand , Gabriel . Contes populaires malgaches . Paris : Ernest Leroux , 1893 .
Haring , Lee ( 1994 ) . Ibonia : Epic of Madagascar . Bucknell University Press . .
De Longchamps , Jeanne . Conte Malgaches . Paris : Editions Erasme . 1955 .
McElroy , Colleen J . ( 1999 ) . Over the Lip of the World : Among the Storytellers of Madagascar . .
Randriamanantena , Didier . Le Roi et Ifara ( graphic novel retelling the legend of Razafimbolamena , the prodigal son ) .
Renel , Charles . Contes de Madagascar . Paris : Ernest Leroux , 1910 .
Renel , Charles . Contes de Madagascar . Paris : Ernest Leroux , 1930 .
Tyson , Peter ( 2000 ) . The Eighth Continent : Life , Death and Discovery in the Lost World of Madagascar . .
External links
Ibonia
African folklore
Dothan Municipal Airport is a closed airport located west-northwest of Dothan , Alabama , United States .
History
The original airport in Dothan was built in the 1930s by the Federal Government . It was listed in 1934 as having two sod runways in an `` L '' shape pattern ; the longest runway being 2,100 ' . By 1937 , the runway had been extended to 2,500 ' . It was apparently served by Eastern Airlines DC-3 commercial service .
During World War II , the airport was used as an auxiliary training airfield for the Army pilot training school at Napier Army Airfield , and was known as Napier Army Airfield Auxiliary # 2 . It was one of four auxiliary fields for Napier AAF , and was used by advanced single engine aircraft , including P-40 Warhawk fighters . The Army expanded the facilities at Dothan with three bituminous runways , the longest being the 4,000 ' northeast/southwest and NNW/SSE strips .
The airfield was said to have a single 80 ' x 60 ' steel hangar , to be owned by Houston County and the City of Dothan , and to be operated by the Army Air Forces . After the war ended , the airport was returned to civil control .
The airport was operated until 1966 when it was closed due to urban congestion and all air traffic was moved to the former Napier AAF . Napier Field was less constrained geographically , being located farther outside of the town .
The former Dothan Municipal Airport today is now home to Westgate Park , the waterpark `` Waterworld '' , ballfields , and a BMX track . It can clearly be seen in aerial imagery as a former airport .
See also
Alabama World War II Army Airfields
References
Dothan Municipal Airport ( Old ) at Abandoned & Little-Known Airfields
Defunct airports in Alabama
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in Alabama
Airports in Alabama
Transportation buildings and structures in Houston County , Alabama
The Australasian Breeders Crown is a futurity harness racing series for horses bred in Australia and New Zealand . The series is for two , three and four-year-old pacers and trotters .
It is held on a Sunday in late August at Tabcorp Park in Melton , Victoria .
Run by Harness Racing Victoria , the 2011 Australasian Breeders Crown will be held on Sunday 21 August , featuring 10 races and $ 1.56 million of stake money on offer .
Winners
2002 Australasian Breeders Crown ( 2YO ) - Kyvalley Road
2003 Australasian Breeders Crown ( 3YO ) - Kyvalley Road
2006 Australasian Breeders Crown ( 3YO ) - Right Interest
2007 Australasian Breeders Crown ( Open ) - Sundons Gift
2008 Australasian Breeders Crown ( 3YO ) - Skyvalley
2008 Australasian Breeders Crown ( Open ) - Sundons Gift
2009 Australasian Breeders Crown ( 3YO ) - Let Me Thru
2009 Australasian Breeders Crown ( 4YO ) - Skyvalley
2010 Australasian Breeders Crown ( 4YO ) - Let Me Thru
2010 Australasian Breeders Crown ( Open ) - Sundons Gift
References
External links
Official Australasian Breeders Crown Website
Harness racing in Australia
The 1965 Vermont Catamounts football team was an American football team that represented the University of Vermont in the Yankee Conference during the 1965 NCAA College Division football season . In their fourth year under head coach Bob Clifford , the team compiled a 6–2 record .
Schedule
References
Vermont
Vermont Catamounts football seasons
Vermont Catamounts football
( born 15 May 1976 in Ústí nad Labem ) is a triathlete from the Czech Republic .
Ospalý competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics . They did not finish the competition .
They competed again four years later , at the 2004 Summer Olympics . This time , Ospalý finished . Their time of 1:57:17.58 placed them twenty-ninth .
Ospalý became European Champion during the 2006 ITU Duathlon European Championship in Rimini .
They are part of ECS Triathlon club .
References
External links
www.ospaly.cz
Czech male triathletes
Olympic triathletes of the Czech Republic
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
1976 births
Living people
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Duathletes
Sportspeople from Ústí nad Labem
One Direction : Where We Are – The Concert Film , also known as One Direction : Where We Are – Live from San Siro Stadium is the second concert film by English-Irish boy band One Direction and the sequel to One Direction : This Is Us . The film takes place during the 28 and 29 June 2014 shows of the band 's Where We Are Tour at San Siro Stadium in Milan , Italy . It contains a 15-minute interview with the band and behind-the-scenes footage .
Background
Initial rumours of a sequel to This Is Us surfaced in April 2014 as Horan , Malik , and Tomlinson were seen being followed by a camera crew during their visit to the Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ; meanwhile Payne and Styles were also followed by a camera crew during their visit to Machu Picchu in the Cusco Region of Peru . On 20 May 2014 , the band announced the concert film on their official website with filming taking place by the end of June 2014 during their Where We Are Tour in San Siro Stadium in Milan , to be released on home media in December 2014 .
Promotion
On 22 July 2014 , the first teaser trailer was posted on the band 's YouTube channel announcing the worldwide limited theatrical release for 11 and 12 October 2014 only .
Release
The film was released worldwide on 11 October 2014 and ended showings the next day . The film broke the record for the highest grossing event cinema production with a net total of $ 4.8 million .
Set list
`` Midnight Memories ''
`` Little Black Dress ''
`` Kiss You ''
`` Why Do n't We Go There ''
`` Rock Me ''
`` Do n't Forget Where You Belong ''
`` Live While We 're Young ''
`` C'Mon , C'Mon ''
`` Right Now ''
`` Through The Dark ''
`` Happily ''
`` Little Things ''
`` Moments '' ( Only in DVD )
`` Strong '' ( Only in DVD )
`` Better Than Words '' ( Only in DVD )
`` Alive ''
`` One Thing ''
`` Diana ''
`` What Makes You Beautiful ''
Encore
`` You & I ''
`` Story of My Life ''
`` Little White Lies ''
`` Best Song Ever ''
Notes
Only in DVD
Certifications
References
2014 films
One Direction
Concert films
2010s English-language films
`` The Sons of Martha '' is a poem written by Rudyard Kipling . It is inspired by the biblical story of Jesus at the home of Martha and Mary . It celebrates the care and dedication of workers–engineers , mechanics , and builders–to provide for the safety and comfort of others .
`` The Sons of Martha '' was written in 1907 and was adopted by the author in 1922 to be part of the Ritual of the Calling of an Engineer performed by Canadian engineers at their graduation .
In the Bible story , Christ visits a home where two sisters , Mary and Martha , live . Mary sits at the visitor 's feet to listen to them while Martha races about attending to the hospitality until their patience runs out , and Martha calls on Jesus to direct Mary to help them Jesus chides Martha for their mundane concerns and tells her : `` Mary has chosen what is better '' .
References
External links
Poetry by Rudyard Kipling
1907 poems
In motorsport , the fastest lap is the quickest lap run during a race . Some racing series , like Formula One , Formula 2 and Formula E award championship points for a driver or team that set the fastest lap .
In Grand Prix motorcycle racing no point is awarded for the fastest lap . Giacomo Agostini holds the current record for the fastest laps with 117 .
Formula One
In Formula One , 135 different drivers have made the fastest race laps . Michael Schumacher holds the record for the highest number of the fastest laps with 77 , followed by Lewis Hamilton with . Since , the DHL Fastest Lap Award is given to the driver with the fastest laps in a season . Until 1960 , and since , an extra point is given to anyone in the points who record the fastest lap . For the point to be awarded , the driver achieving the fastest lap , must finish the race in 10th position or better .
Fastest laps are often set during the final laps of a race . Lap times often decrease as tracks get `` rubbered in '' and fuel weights go down as a race progresses .
Setting the fastest lap is often considered an unofficial consolation prize for a driver that has had an incident that precluded a podium finish .
Formula One performance hybrid racecar
In recent studies the LeMans endurance project has been reconfiguring Formula One racecars and making them faster by reconfiguring powertrain configurations . These powertrain reconfigurations have drastically been able to cut the time of the fastest lap achieveable by Formula One racecars . This team also studied the capabilities of Formula One racecars and studied how to improve the performance of the cars . Ultimately they designed a powertrain configuration that cut the fastest lap time achievable by a standard Formula One racecar by over 20 seconds .
Formula One aerodynamics studies
A researcher at Durham University studied the aerodynamic effects on Formula One racecars and how to make them more efficient and ultimately faster . A Formula One racecar 's lap time advantage is the result of the cornering performance of the vehicle . If the tyres can have more grip there would be more friction and less slippage which would decrease the time it takes to complete a lap . Also if the powertrain had more power and if the car experienced less drag then it could achieve a faster lap time .
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
In Grand Prix motorcycle racing , which includes the 80cc , 125cc , 250cc , 350cc , 500cc , Moto3 , Moto2 and MotoGP classes , Giacomo Agostini holds the record for the fastest laps with 117 . Valentino Rossi , who still actively races in MotoGP , is second with 96 fastest laps and Ángel Nieto is third with 81 .
Top ten riders in Grand Prix motorcycle racing with the fastest laps
Autocross
Autocross is a competition normally conducted by a single vehicle and driver on an open paved surface where the driver races against the clock while trying to achieve the fastest lap possible . In autocross drivers can learn how to achieve a faster lap through studying data of their vehicles . This data can be collected by many various systems and analyzed to produce faster more aerodynamic vehicles .
See also
List of Indianapolis 500 fastest laps
References
Formula One
Motorcycle racing
Motorsport terminology
Suraj Alao Abdurrahman ( 9 September 1954 – 28 January 2015 ) , was a Nigerian Army general who served as the Command Officer in Charge of the Armed Forces of Liberia , with former Liberian president Ellen Johnson Sirleaf as the Commander-in-Chief . According to then President Johnson Sirleaf , General Abdurrahman `` was an exceedingly exceptional gentleman officer whose contributions lifted the Armed Forces of Liberia to professional greatness and emplace our military amongst UN peacekeepers ” .
Biography
Abdurrahman was born in Kaduna where they had their primary education at LEA Primary School , before proceeding to the Keffi Government College for their secondary education . They graduated with division 1 distinction in the West African Senior School Certificate Examination in 1972 . They thereafter proceeded to the School of Basic Studies of the Ahmadu Bello University in Zaria until July 1973 when they were admitted into the Nigeria Defence Academy in Kaduna as a member of the 14th regular combatant course . In 1975 , they were commissioned as a Second Lieutenant into the Nigeria Army Corps of Engineers . Abdurrahman held multiple commands , instructor and staff appointments in the course of their career both locally and internationally . In January 2007 , they became the Chief of Policy and Plans for the Nigerian Army . It was from that post that they were appointed the Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces of Liberia . They effectively commanded the AFL from 6 June 2007 to 11 February 2014 , when they handed over to a Liberian Officer .
In the course of their Service , General Abdurrahman attended various military and civil courses . They were an alumnus of the Nigerian Army School of Military Engineers ( NASME ) . Nigerian Armed Forces Command and Staff College ( AFCSC ) as well as the National War College where they graduated with distinction . Abdurrahman returned to the Ahmadu Bello University for their bachelor of sciences in 1979 and master 's degree in 1981 , capping it with a PhD from the Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh In 1985 .
Death
They died on 28 January 2015 in New York . President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf sent a message of condolences to the Government of Nigeria . They were survived by their wife , Fatima Wali-Abdurrahman and their four sons , Surajudeen , Abduljabbar , Abdulaziz and Abdulmalik .
Honors and awards
Abdurrahman received the Commander of the Order of the Niger ( CON ) conferred on them by the Nigerian President in 2014 . They were also the recipient of the National Honour Award of “ Knight Commander ” in the Humane Order of African Redemption by the President of Liberia in 2014 , Officer of the Order of the Niger ( OON ) from Nigeria in 2007 and the Liberia 's highest military honour , the Distinguish Service Order ( DSO ) from the president of Liberia in 2009 .
Appointments
GSO 3 Training , HQ Nigerian Army Engineers , Lagos ( 1976/77 )
Staff Officer Architecture Army HQ , Lagos ( 1981/83 )
Instructor , School of Military Engineering , Makurdi ( 1986/88 )
Commanding Officer , 21 Support Engineer Regiments , Kaduna ( 1989/91 )
Military Observer , UN Iraq Kuwait Observer Mission , ( 1991/92 )
Commanding Officer , 13 Field Engineer Regiment , Jos ( 1992/93 )
Directing Staff , Command & Staff College , Jaji ( 1993/95 )
Directing Staff , Ghana Command & Staff College , Teshi ( 1995/97 )
Colonel Personnel Services , Army HQ , Lagos ( 1997/99 )
Commander , 43 Engineer Brigade , Jos ( 1999/2000 )
Director Army Real Estate , Army Engineer HQ , Lagos ( 2001/2002 )
Directing Staff , National War College , Abuja ( 2002/2004 )
Director of Operations , DAOPs ( AHQ ) , Abuja ( 2004 )
Director of Policy ( 2005 )
Chief of Army Standards and Evaluation ( 2006/2007 )
References
Nigerian generals
Liberian military personnel
2015 deaths
Yoruba military personnel
Yoruba architects
Alumni of Heriot-Watt University
Ahmadu Bello University alumni
1950s births
Instructors at the Nigerian Armed Forces Command and Staff College
20th-century Nigerian architects
Yoruba people
Austin Christopher Robertson ( born 29 April 1943 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and in the Western Australian National Football League ( WANFL ) . They are the son of former South Melbourne player Austin Robertson senior .
Robertson was a full forward and by the time they retired in 1974 they had amassed a WANFL record goal tally of 1211 goals , topped the WANFL goalkicking a record eight times ( previous best of six by George Doig and Bernie Naylor ) and kicked over 100 goals in a season six times .
They were a premiership player with Subiaco in 1973 , the only Grand Final of their career .
While playing for Subiaco they averaged 4.82 goals a game , being held goalless in a match only five times , two of which were in their final season when they were affected by injury and in 1968 , kicked 162 goals . They spent a season with their father 's club in 1966 , kicking 60 goals in 18 games , which won the club 's goalkicking for the year .
After their football career ended , Robertson was employed by business person Kerry Packer and was one of the central figures in the establishment of World Series Cricket in 1977 . Robertson subsequently managed many of Australia 's leading cricketers over a period of 30 years , including Shane Warne .
They were inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2015 .
References
External links
Living people
1943 births
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
Sydney Swans players
Subiaco Football Club players
Australian Football Hall of Fame inductees
West Australian Football Hall of Fame inductees
Otto Fuchs ( 15 February 1893 – 12 October 1968 ) was an Austrian footballer . They played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1920 to 1921 .
References
External links
1893 births
1968 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The 2009–10 Ekstraklasa was the 76th season since its establishment as the highest football league of Poland . It began on 31 July 2009 and ended on 15 May 2010 . The champions were Lech Poznań .
Teams
Due to several non-competitive events between last and this season , the team exchange among the two highest football divisions of Poland was only partially determined by the 2008–09 league tables .
ŁKS Łódź were denied a license by the Polish FA because of financial issues . ŁKS filed several appeals against this decision , but were eventually left without any success .
First League 2008–09 champions Widzew Łódź were not permitted to advance by the Polish FA after their involvement in the Polish corruption scandal . The club had its initial appeals rejected , however , an Arbitration Tribunal later returned a verdict in the club 's favor which led the club to file a request for immediate reinstatement to the Ekstraklasa .
The decisions had a significant influence on the relegation and promotion of teams . As a consequence of their revoked license , ŁKS were put in last place of the 2008–09 Ekstraklasa standings and directly relegated to the First League . They were joined by Górnik Zabrze as 15th-placed team . Both teams were replaced with First League 2008–09 runners-up Zagłębie Lubin and third-placed Korona Kielce .
Because of the controversy surrounding both teams from Łódź , the Polish FA was forced to postpone the originally planned relegation/promotion play-off in June 2009 and eventually decided to cancel it completely .
Stadiums and locations
League table
Results
Player statistics
Top goalscorers
Season statistics
Including matches played on 9 April 2010 ; Source : 90minut.pl
Scoring
First goal of the season : Arkadiusz Głowacki ( Wisła Kraków ) Match : 2-0 Ruch Chorzów , 20th minute ( 1 August 2009 )
Fastest goal in a match : Marcelo ( Wisła Kraków ) Match : 4-1 Zagłębie Lubin , 1st minute ( 7 August 2009 )
First hat-trick of the season : Adrian Paluchowski ( Legia Warsaw ) Match : 4-0 Zagłębie Lubin , 32 ' , 48 ' , 62 ' . ( 2 August 2009 ) ;
Fastest hat-trick of the season : Adrian Paluchowski ( Legia Warsaw ) Match : 4-0 Zagłębie Lubin , 32 ' , 48 ' , 62 ' , 30 minutes . ( 2 August 2009 )
Most goals scored by a player in one game : Adrian Paluchowski ( Legia Warsaw ) Match : 4-0 Zagłębie Lubin , 32 ' , 48 ' , 62 ' , 3 goals . ( 2 August 2009 ) ;
Widest winning margin : Lech Poznań Match : 5-0 Korona Kielce , 5 goals . ( 9 August 2009 )
Most goals in a match : Lechia Gdańsk Match : 6-2 Cracovia , 8 goals . ( 7 August 2009 )
Awards
Player of the month
See also
2009–10 Polish Cup
References
External links
Official site
Ekstraklasa seasons
Poland
1
Mawase Rural LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Sandaun Province , Papua New Guinea . A wide variety of Torricelli languages are spoken in this LLG .
Wards
01 . Seleput ( Siliput language speakers )
02 . Nuku
03 . Mantsuku
04 . Yiminum
05 . Ifkindu
06 . Wilwil
07 . Kaflei
08 . Kaflei 3
09 . Arkosame 1
10 . Arkosame 2
11 . Hambasama
12 . Angara
13 . Abigu
14 . Usitamu
15 . Hambanori
16 . Engiep
17 . Wombiu
21 . Wulbowe
22 . Tukinaro
28 . Yilwombuk
29 . Arkosome 3
30 . Yirwondi ( Seim language speakers )
31 . Sepitala
32 . Suau
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Jill Marsden ( born 1964 ) is a scholar of the work of German philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche . Marsden , from Nottingham , took their BA , MA and PhD from the University of Essex . Them doctoral thesis explored Nietzsche 's Doctrine of Eternal Return .
In 2002 , Marsden 's first book , After Nietzsche : Notes Towards a Philosophy of Ecstasy , was published by Palgrave Macmillan . The text explores the imaginative possibilities for philosophy created by Nietzsche 's sustained reflection on the phenomenon of `` ecstasy '' . From The Birth of Tragedy ( 1872 ) to their experimental `` physiology of art '' , Nietzsche examines the aesthetic , erotic and sacred dimensions of rapture , hinting at how an ecstatic philosophy is realized in their elusive doctrine of Eternal Return . Marsden 's book pursues the implications of this legacy for contemporary continental thought via analyses of such voyages in ecstasy as Kant , Schopenhauer , Schreber and Bataille .
Marsden is a senior lecturer in Philosophy at the University of Bolton . They are at work on their second volume , set to explore 'the art of brevity ' . Outside of their work on Nietzsche , Marsden 's research interests include aesthetics , feminism and literature , on which themes they have published articles in , among others , the Journal of the British Society for Phenomenology and Women 's Philosophy Review .
External links
Jill Marsden at University of Bolton
English philosophers
Academics of the University of Bolton
English women philosophers
Writers from Nottingham
Living people
1964 births
Nietzsche scholars
21st-century British philosophers
Philosophers of art
21st-century English educators
John Rogers ( 1807–1867 ) was an English barrister , known as a naturalist particularly interested in orchids , and gardener .
Life
They were the son of John Rogers of London , and was often called John Rogers , Jun . They matriculated at Balliol College , Oxford in 1826 , graduating B.A . in 1830 M.A . in 1833 . They were called to the bar at the Inner Temple in 1836 . They were from a wealthy family background , and an only son , and was able to lead a gentlemanly life .
Rogers was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society on 5 December 1839 . They resided at Riverhill House near Sevenoaks , Kent , where they bought the estate in 1840 . It was in that year that their father , John Rogers `` of Upper Tooting '' , died .
Gardener
Rogers was a member of the Royal Horticultural Society and supported plant hunting . They raised plants such as Bessera elegans .
Among plants collected in the Real del Monte area of Mexico was one sent to Rogers , and initially named Hydrotaenia meleagris . An account of it was published by John Lindley in 1838 , in Edwards 's Botanical Register . Masdevallia floribunda was in Rogers 's collection by 1843 . Charles Darwin referenced a Myanthus collected for Rogers in Demerara , in an 1862 paper .
Family
Rogers married in 1833 Harriet Thornton , daughter of John Thornton of Clapham and their wife Eliza Parry . They had five sons and four daughters . Of those , Reginald Wellford Rogers , the second son , became vicar of Cookham ; and the fifth son , Walter Francis Rogers , spent a period in Canada .
The eldest son John Thornton Rogers ( 1834–1900 ) married in 1862 Margaret Bagwell , daughter of John Bagwell the Member of Parliament . The male line continued with their son John Middleton Rogers ( born 1864 ) , father of John Ernest Rogers ( born 1900 ) . Riverhill House remained in the family into the 21st century .
Notes
1807 births
1867 deaths
English barristers
English naturalists
Fellows of the Royal Society
19th-century English lawyers
Henry Moncrieff Tennent ( 18 February 1879 – 10 June 1941 ) , also known as Harry Tennent , was a British theatrical producer , impresario and songwriter . From 1929 to 1933 , they mentored Binkie Beaumont , having previously worked with them in Cardiff . When Tennent , already the general manager at the Theatre Royal , Drury Lane , and a senior executive with Moss Empires , persuaded the boards of Moss Empires and of Howard & Wyndham to co-operate , in order the better to produce theatre drama , it was Tennent and Beaumont who became the chief executives of a new shared company H. M. Tennent Ltd . The largest and controlling shareholders were the Cruikshank family of Howard & Wyndham founded in Glasgow in 1895 and headquartered in Edinburgh .
Their first production at the Queen 's Theatre in 1936 was a failure , but later that year they formalised their partnership as the production company ' H . M. Tennent Ltd ' , with offices on the top floor of the Globe Theatre ( now the Gielgud ) , and went on to great success . On Tennent 's death of a heart attack in 1941 , Beaumont found they were unmentioned in Tennent 's will , but nevertheless took over as managing director of the company .
References
External links
National Portrait Gallery
The Collection of H.M. Tennent correspondence relating to the 1954 parliamentary debate is held by the Victoria and Albert Museum Theatre and Performance Department .
1879 births
1941 deaths
British songwriters
British theatre managers and producers
Impresarios
Kandyba or Candyba ( Hittite : Hinduwa , Lycian : Xākbi , , ) was a settlement in ancient Lycia , in modern-day Antalya province on the southwestern Mediterranean coast of Turkey .
The modern Turkish village next to the ruins of ancient Kandyba is named Çataloluk .
Name
It took its name from the Candybus , son of Deucalion from Greek mythology .
Geography
The ancient settlement is set on a hilltop high above the plain of Kasaba , 13 kilometres north of Kaş . The modern village is located to the south of the ruins .
History
In antiquity , Candyba was one of the smaller cities of Lycia , but was an independent polis with voting rights in the Lycian League and minted its own coins .
Since it was in the Roman province of Lycia , the bishopric of Candyba was a suffragan of the metropolitan see of Myra , the province 's capital . The names of two of its bishops are preserved in extant records . Constantinus took part in the Second Council of Nicaea in 787 ; and Basilius was at the Photian Council of Constantinople ( 879 ) .
No longer a residential bishopric , Candyba is today listed by the Catholic Church as a titular see .
Archaeology
Some of the rock tombs are beautifully executed . One perfect inscription in Lycian characters was found . A coin procured on the spot from the peasantry had the letters KAND on it .
References
Martin Zimmermann : Untersuchungen zur historischen Landeskunde Zentrallykiens , Bonn 1992 , pp . 56–61 .
Hansgerd Hellenkemper , Friedrich Hild : Lykien und Pamphylien . Tabula Imperii Byzantini 8 . Vienna 2004 . Vol . 2 , pp . 595–596 .
External links
Description and photos of Kandyba ( in German )
Archaeological sites in Antalya Province
Hellenistic colonies in Anatolia
Ancient Greek archaeological sites in Turkey
Former populated places in Turkey
Geography of Antalya Province
Populated places in ancient Lycia
Kaş District
Strzyżowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south-east of Werbkowice , south-west of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Butulta ( ; Dargwa : Бутулттамахьи ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Urarinsky Selsoviet , Dakhadayevsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 43 as of 2010 .
Geography
Butulta is located 41 km southwest of Urkarakh ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Ayatsuri and Mukranari are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
In computer science , the Boolean ( sometimes shortened to Bool ) is a data type that has one of two possible values ( usually denoted true and false ) which is intended to represent the two truth values of logic and Boolean algebra . It is named after George Boole , who first defined an algebraic system of logic in the mid 19th century . The Boolean data type is primarily associated with conditional statements , which allow different actions by changing control flow depending on whether a programmer-specified Boolean condition evaluates to true or false . It is a special case of a more general logical data type—logic does not always need to be Boolean ( see probabilistic logic ) .
Generalities
In programming languages with a built-in Boolean data type , such as Pascal and Java , the comparison operators such as > and ≠ are usually defined to return a Boolean value . Conditional and iterative commands may be defined to test Boolean-valued expressions .
Languages with no explicit Boolean data type , like C90 and Lisp , may still represent truth values by some other data type . Common Lisp uses an empty list for false , and any other value for true . The C programming language uses an integer type , where relational expressions like i > j and logical expressions connected by & & and || are defined to have value 1 if true and 0 if false , whereas the test parts of if , while , for , etc. , treat any non-zero value as true . Indeed , a Boolean variable may be regarded ( and implemented ) as a numerical variable with one binary digit ( bit ) , or as a bit string of length one , which can store only two values . The implementation of Booleans in computers are most likely represented as a full word , rather than a bit ; this is usually due to the ways computers transfer blocks of information .
Most programming languages , even those with no explicit Boolean type , have support for Boolean algebraic operations such as conjunction ( AND , & , * ) , disjunction ( OR , | , + ) , equivalence ( EQV , = , == ) , exclusive or/non-equivalence ( XOR , NEQV , ^ , ! = , ¬ ) , and negation ( NOT , ~ , ! , ¬ ) .
In some languages , like Ruby , Smalltalk , and Alice the true and false values belong to separate classes , e.g. , True and False , respectively , so there is no one Boolean type .
In SQL , which uses a three-valued logic for explicit comparisons because of its special treatment of Nulls , the Boolean data type ( introduced in SQL:1999 ) is also defined to include more than two truth values , so that SQL Booleans can store all logical values resulting from the evaluation of predicates in SQL . A column of Boolean type can be restricted to just TRUE and FALSE though .
ALGOL and the built-in boolean type
One of the earliest programming languages to provide an explicit boolean data type is ALGOL 60 ( 1960 ) with values true and false and logical operators denoted by symbols `` ( and ) , `` ( or ) , `` ( implies ) , `` ( equivalence ) , and `` ( not ) . Due to input device and character set limits on many computers of the time , however , most compilers used alternative representations for many of the operators , such as AND or 'AND ' .
This approach with boolean as a built-in ( either primitive or otherwise predefined ) data type was adopted by many later programming languages , such as Simula 67 ( 1967 ) , ALGOL 68 ( 1970 ) , Pascal ( 1970 ) , Ada ( 1980 ) , Java ( 1995 ) , and C # ( 2000 ) , among others .
Fortran
The first version of FORTRAN ( 1957 ) and its successor FORTRAN II ( 1958 ) have no logical values or operations ; even the conditional IF statement takes an arithmetic expression and branches to one of three locations according to its sign ; see arithmetic IF . FORTRAN IV ( 1962 ) , however , follows the ALGOL 60 example by providing a Boolean data type ( LOGICAL ) , truth literals ( .TRUE . and .FALSE . ) , Boolean-valued numeric comparison operators ( .EQ. , .GT. , etc . ) , and logical operators ( .NOT. , .AND. , .OR. ) . In FORMAT statements , a specific format descriptor ( ' L ' ) is provided for the parsing or formatting of logical values .
Lisp and Scheme
The language Lisp ( 1958 ) never had a built-in Boolean data type . Instead , conditional constructs like cond assume that the logical value false is represented by the empty list ( ) , which is defined to be the same as the special atom nil or NIL ; whereas any other s-expression is interpreted as true . For convenience , most modern dialects of Lisp predefine the atom t to have value t , so that t can be used as a mnemonic notation for true .
This approach ( any value can be used as a Boolean value ) was retained in most Lisp dialects ( Common Lisp , Scheme , Emacs Lisp ) , and similar models were adopted by many scripting languages , even ones having a distinct Boolean type or Boolean values ; although which values are interpreted as false and which are true vary from language to language . In Scheme , for example , the false value is an atom distinct from the empty list , so the latter is interpreted as true . Common Lisp , on the other hand , also provides the dedicated boolean type , derived as a specialization of the symbol .
Pascal , Ada , and Haskell
The language Pascal ( 1970 ) introduced the concept of programmer-defined enumerated types . A built-in Boolean data type was then provided as a predefined enumerated type with values FALSE and TRUE . By definition , all comparisons , logical operations , and conditional statements applied to and/or yielded Boolean values . Otherwise , the Boolean type had all the facilities which were available for enumerated types in general , such as ordering and use as indices . In contrast , converting between Booleans and integers ( or any other types ) still required explicit tests or function calls , as in ALGOL 60 . This approach ( Boolean is an enumerated type ) was adopted by most later languages which had enumerated types , such as Modula , Ada , and Haskell .
C , C++ , Objective-C , AWK
Initial implementations of the language C ( 1972 ) provided no Boolean type , and to this day Boolean values are commonly represented by integers ( ints ) in C programs . The comparison operators ( > , == , etc . ) are defined to return a signed integer ( int ) result , either 0 ( for false ) or 1 ( for true ) . Logical operators ( & & , || , ! , etc . ) and condition-testing statements ( if , while ) assume that zero is false and all other values are true .
After enumerated types ( enums ) were added to the American National Standards Institute version of C , ANSI C ( 1989 ) , many C programmers got used to defining their own Boolean types as such , for readability reasons . However , enumerated types are equivalent to integers according to the language standards ; so the effective identity between Booleans and integers is still valid for C programs .
Standard C ( since C99 ) provides a boolean type , called _Bool . By including the header stdbool.h , one can use the more intuitive name bool and the constants true and false . The language guarantees that any two true values will compare equal ( which was impossible to achieve before the introduction of the type ) . Boolean values still behave as integers , can be stored in integer variables , and used anywhere integers would be valid , including in indexing , arithmetic , parsing , and formatting . This approach ( Boolean values are just integers ) has been retained in all later versions of C. Note , that this does not mean that any integer value can be stored in a boolean variable .
C++ has a separate Boolean data type bool , but with automatic conversions from scalar and pointer values that are very similar to those of C. This approach was adopted also by many later languages , especially by some scripting languages such as AWK .
Objective-C also has a separate Boolean data type BOOL , with possible values being YES or NO , equivalents of true and false respectively . Also , in Objective-C compilers that support C99 , C 's _Bool type can be used , since Objective-C is a superset of C .
Java
In Java , the value of the boolean data type can only be either true or false .
Perl and Lua
Perl has no boolean data type . Instead , any value can behave as boolean in boolean context ( condition of if or while statement , argument of & & or || , etc. ) . The number 0 , the strings `` 0 '' and `` '' , the empty list ( ) , and the special value undef evaluate to false . All else evaluates to true .
Lua has a boolean data type , but non-boolean values can also behave as booleans . The non-value nil evaluates to false , whereas every other data type value evaluates to true . This includes the empty string `` '' and the number 0 , which are very often considered false in other languages .
PL/I
PL/I have no boolean data type . Instead , comparison operators generate BIT ( 1 ) values ; ' 0 ' B represents false and ' 1 ' B represents true . The operands of , e.g. , & , | , ¬ , are converted to bit strings and the operations are performed on each bit . The element-expression of an IF statement is true if any bit is 1 .
Rexx
Rexx has no boolean data type . Instead , comparison operators generate 0 or 1 ; 0 represents false and 1 represents true . The operands of , e.g. , & , | , ¬ , must be 0 or 1 .
Tcl
Tcl has no separate Boolean type . Like in C , the integers 0 ( false ) and 1 ( true—in fact any nonzero integer ) are used .
Examples of coding :
The above will show since the expression evaluates to 1 .
The above will render an error , as variable can not be evaluated as 0 or 1 .
Python , Ruby , and JavaScript
Python , from version 2.3 forward , has a bool type which is a subclass of int , the standard integer type . It has two possible values : True and False , which are special versions of 1 and 0 respectively and behave as such in arithmetic contexts . Also , a numeric value of zero ( integer or fractional ) , the null value ( None ) , the empty string , and empty containers ( lists , sets , etc . ) are considered Boolean false ; all other values are considered Boolean true by default . Classes can define how their instances are treated in a Boolean context through the special method __nonzero__ ( Python 2 ) or __bool__ ( Python 3 ) . For containers , __len__ ( the special method for determining the length of containers ) is used if the explicit Boolean conversion method is not defined .
In Ruby , in contrast , only nil ( Ruby 's null value ) and a special false object are false ; all else ( including the integer 0 and empty arrays ) is true .
In JavaScript , the empty string ( `` '' ) , null , undefined , NaN , +0 , −0 and false
are sometimes called falsy ( of which the complement is truthy ) to distinguish between strictly type-checked and coerced Booleans . As opposed to Python , empty containers ( arrays , Maps , Sets ) are considered truthy . Languages such as PHP also use this approach .
SQL
Booleans appear in SQL when a condition is needed , such as clause , in form of predicate which is produced by using operators such as comparison operators , operator , etc . However , apart from and , these operators can also yield a third state , called , when comparison with is made .
The SQL92 standard introduced and operators which evaluate a predicate , which predated the introduction of boolean type in SQL:1999 .
The SQL:1999 standard introduced a data type as an optional feature ( T031 ) . When restricted by a constraint , a SQL behaves like Booleans in other languages , which can store only and values . However , if it is nullable , which is the default like all other SQL data types , it can have the special null value also . Although the SQL standard defines three literals for the type – and it also says that the and `` may be used interchangeably to mean exactly the same thing '' . This has caused some controversy because the identification subjects to the equality comparison rules for NULL . More precisely is not but . As of 2012 few major SQL systems implement the T031 feature . Firebird and PostgreSQL are notable exceptions , although PostgreSQL implements no literal ; can be used instead .
The treatment of boolean values differs between SQL systems .
For example , in Microsoft SQL Server , boolean value is not supported at all , neither as a standalone data type nor representable as an integer . It shows the error message `` An expression of non-boolean type specified in a context where a condition is expected '' if a column is directly used in the clause , e.g . , while a statement such as yields a syntax error . The data type , which can only store integers 0 and 1 apart from , is commonly used as a workaround to store Boolean values , but workarounds need to be used such as to convert between the integer and boolean expression .
Microsoft Access , which uses the Access Database Engine ( ACE/JET ) , also does not have a boolean data type . Similar to MS SQL Server , it uses a data type . In Access it is known as a Yes/No data type which can have two values ; Yes ( True ) or No ( False ) . The BIT data type in Access can also can be represented numerically ; True is −1 and False is 0 . This differs to MS SQL Server in two ways , even though both are Microsoft products :
Access represents as −1 , while it is 1 in SQL Server
Access does not support the Null tri-state , supported by SQL Server
PostgreSQL has a distinct type as in the standard , which allows predicates to be stored directly into a column , and allows using a column directly as a predicate in a clause .
In MySQL , is treated as an alias of ; is the same as integer 1 and is the same is integer 0 . Any non-zero integer is true in conditions .
Tableau
Tableau Software has a BOOLEAN data type . The literal of a boolean value is True or False .
The Tableau INT ( ) function converts a boolean to a number , returning 1 for True and 0 for False .
Forth
Forth ( programming language ) has no boolean type , it uses regular integers : value 0 ( all bits low ) represents false , and -1 ( all bits high ) represents true . This allows the language to define only one set of logical operators , instead of one for mathematical calculations and one for conditions .
See also
True and false ( commands ) for shell scripting
Shannon 's expansion
Boolean differential calculus
Three-valued logic
References
Boolean algebra
Data types
Primitive types
Articles with example ALGOL 68 code
Boca ( Spanish for `` Mouth '' ) is a former settlement in Nevada County , California . Situated at an elevation of above sea level , Boca is located on the Southern Pacific Railroad , northeast of Truckee .
History
Boca was named by Judge Edwin Bryant Crocker of the Central Pacific Railroad in 1868 because of its location at the mouth of the Little Truckee River . In Spanish , Boca translates to `` mouth '' and `` river mouth '' . Crocker 's younger brother , Charles , was one of the four who oversaw the Central Pacific Railroad 's construction and operation . Boca 's location at the mouth of the river and along the route of the transcontinental railroad helped turn what was a small construction camp into a settlement . Because of its extremely cold winters and abundance of trees , investors developed saw mills , ice cutting companies , and eventually a brewery in 1876 . The cold climate of Boca made it a perfect location for ice companies , as well a place to brew California 's first lager . It had a post office during the period of 1872 through 1945 .
Ice and milling companies
The first business established in the area was the Boca Mill and Ice Company in 1868 . In 1881 many of the ice companies merged , creating the Union Ice Company , which incorporated in 1891 . A dam was eventually constructed creating a 180-acre reservoir used by the Union Ice Company to store logs in the summer and as a harvesting ground for ice during the winter . Once cut , the ice was transported downstream to one of the company 's six ice houses . The amount of ice being stored in their ice-houses is said to have been enough to supply the entire state of California for 12 years . Reaching its prime in 1872 , Boca was producing so much lumber and ice for the rest of the country that it had its own railway to and from the mill . The invention of human-made ice and refrigeration eventually replaced the need to cut natural ice and in the mid 1920s the ice company ended operations in Boca . With the ice companies gone , the mills and brewery were the only big business left in Boca . The brewery burned to the ground in 1893 and was never rebuilt , leaving only the milling operations , which ended at the same time because of the diminished supply of trees . Finally , in 1904 , the hotel burned to the ground and what was left of the town was then demolished to make way for the Boca reservoir . Only a few cement foundations and cemetery are still left of what was the town of Boca .
Boca Brewing Company
The Boca Brewing company , founded in 1875 , produced California 's first lager . Lagers require refrigeration and very cold temperatures during the fermentation process which is why most California 's breweries choose to produce porters and ales . Boca 's location was a perfect environment for brewing lager because of the natural springs , an unlimited supply of ice for refrigeration , cold winters , and access to the Central Pacific Railroad . Famed for using natural spring water in its lager , the Boca Brewing Company 's product was celebrated at the World 's Fair in Paris in 1883 . The company produced 25 to 30 thousand barrels of the beer per year . The brewery employed as many as 80 people , which contributed to a population of close to 300 for Boca . The brewery burned to the ground in a fire in 1893 and was never rebuilt .
Anchor Steam
In February 2012 , Anchor Brewing in San Francisco introduced its Zymaster No . 1 Lager in honor of the Boca Brewing Company . An attempt to recreate Boca 's original California lager , the single-hop beer uses two-row barley and mountain water and follows a traditional beer recipe which produces a maltier , hoppier and stronger drink than most lagers on sale .
Climate
Boca is located at an elevation approximately and is famous for having very cold winters and warm summers . The area sees a large amount of snow being located along the Sierra Nevada mountain range . Boca has a fairly typical climate for its region , a continental Mediterranean climate ( Köppen Dsb ) , with dry summers that feature hot days and cold nights , and cold , snowy winters . Snowfall is less heavy than Truckee and Tahoe City due to the rain shadow effect of the Sierra Nevada , but depths can still reach to , and in recent times of snow was on the ground at the end of February 1993 .
On January 20 , 1937 , the temperature at Boca fell to , the lowest temperature ever recorded in California , though on average only a dozen nights will fall below and 266 days exceed . Nightly frosts are common even in summer , and only 98.3 nights per year fail to fall below .
References
Former settlements in Nevada County , California
Former populated places in California
Salvador Cañellas ( born 1 December 1944 ) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and rally car racer from Spain .
Born in Santa Oliva , Catalonia , Spain , Cañellas had their best year in 1970 when they finished fourth in the 50cc world championship . They became the first Spanish rider to win a Grand Prix when they won the 1968 125cc Spanish Grand Prix . Cañellas won two motorcycle Grand Prix races during their career . They teamed up with Benjamin Grau on a Ducati to win the 1975 Montjuic 24-hour endurance race . They later switched successfully to auto racing ( Rallye , Touring Cars and even single seaters ) and won the 1972 Spanish Rally Championship . During the 1978 World Rally Championship season , they finished third in the Rally Poland .
References
1944 births
Living people
People from Baix Penedès
Sportspeople from the Province of Tarragona
Spanish motorcycle racers
Motorcycle racers from Catalonia
50cc World Championship riders
125cc World Championship riders
Spanish rally drivers
The 1955 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 24th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship , the Gaelic Athletic Association 's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18 .
Dublin entered the championship as defending champions .
On 25 September 1955 , Dublin won the championship following a 4-4 to 2-7 defeat of Tipperary in the All-Ireland final . This was their fourth All-Ireland title overall and their second in succession .
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
1955
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Edmund Sawyer ( c.1586/7-1676 ) , of London and Heywood , White Waltham , Berkshire , was an English Member of Parliament .
They were a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for New Windsor in 1624 , for Harwich in 1625 and for Berwick-upon-Tweed 1628 .
References
1580s births
1676 deaths
17th-century English people
People from London
People from Berkshire
People of the Stuart period
Members of the Parliament of England ( pre-1707 )
Bangladesh is a land of many rivers , and as a result it is very prone to flooding due to being situated on the Brahmaputra River Delta ( also known as the Ganges Delta ) and the many distributaries flowing into the Bay of Bengal . Due to being part of such a basin and being less than 5 meters above mean sea level , Bangladesh faces the cumulative effects of floods due to water flashing from nearby hills , the accumulation of the inflow of water from upstream catchments , and locally heavy rainfall enhanced by drainage congestion . Bangladesh faces this problem almost every year . Coastal flooding , combined with the bursting of river banks is common , and severely affects the landscape and society of Bangladesh . 80 % of Bangladesh is floodplain , and it has an extensive sea coastline , rendering the nation very much at risk of periodic widespread damage . Whilst more permanent defenses , strengthened with reinforced concrete , are being built , many embankments are composed purely of soil and turf and made by local farmers . Flooding normally occurs during the monsoon season from June to September . The convectional rainfall of the monsoon is added to by relief rainfall caused by the Himalayas . Meltwater from the Himalayas is also a significant input .
Each year in Bangladesh about ( around 18 % of the country ) is flooded , killing over 5,000 people and destroying more than seven million homes . During severe floods the affected area may exceed 75 % of the country , as was seen in 1998 . This volume is 95 % of the total annual inflow . By comparison , only about of streamflow is generated by rainfall inside the country during the same period . The floods have caused devastation in Bangladesh throughout history , especially in 1951 , 1987 , 1988 and 1998 . The 2007 South Asian floods also affected a large portion of Bangladesh .
Benefits of flooding
Small scale flooding in Bangladesh is required to sustain the agricultural industry , as sediment deposited by floodwaters fertilises fields . The water is required to grow rice , so natural flooding replaces artificial irrigation , which is time-consuming and costly to build . Salt deposited on fields from high rates of evaporation is removed during floods , preventing the land from becoming infertile . The benefits of flooding are clear in El Niño years when the monsoon is interrupted . As El Niño becomes increasingly frequent , and flood events appear to become more extreme , the previously reliable monsoon may be succeeded by years of drought or devastating floods . Despite all of this , floodings also have a very positive effects and it is that corn grows on the bananas , with the floodings corn can grow benefecting the agriculture and economy in the area .
Types of floods
While the issue of flooding and the ongoing efforts to limit its damages are prevalent throughout the entire country , several types of floods have recently occurred regularly , affecting different areas in their own distinct way . These flood types include :
flash floods in hilly areas
monsoon floods during monsoon season
normal bank floods from the major rivers , Brahmaputra , Ganges and Meghna
rain-fed floods
Historic floods
The country has a long history of destructive flooding that has had very adverse impacts on lives and property . In the 19th century , six major floods were recorded : 1842 , 1858 , 1871 , 1875 , 1885 and 1892 . Eighteen major floods occurred in the 20th century . Those of 1951 , 1987 , 1988 and 1998 were of catastrophic consequence . More recent floods include 2004 and 2010 .
The catastrophic floods of 1987 occurred throughout July and August and affected of land , ( about 40 % of the total area of the country ) and was estimated as a once in 30-70 year event . The seriously affected regions were on the western side of the Brahmaputra , the area below the confluence of the Ganges and the Brahmaputra and considerable areas north of Khulna .
The flood of 1988 , which was also of catastrophic consequence , occurred throughout August and September . The waters inundated about of land , ( about 60 % of the area ) and its return period was estimated at 50–100 years . Rainfall together with synchronisation of very high flows of the three major rivers of the country in only three days aggravated the flood . Dhaka , the capital of Bangladesh , was severely affected . The flood lasted 15 to 20 days .
In 1998 , over 75 % of the total area of the country was flooded , including half of Dhaka . It was similar to the catastrophic flood of 1988 , in terms of the extent of the flooding . A combination of heavy rainfall within and outside the country and synchronisation of peak flows of the major rivers contributed to the flood . 30 million people were made homeless and the death toll reached over a thousand . The flooding caused contamination of crops and animals and unclean water resulted in cholera and typhoid outbreaks . Few hospitals were functional because of damage from the flooding , and those that were open had too many patients , resulting in everyday injuries becoming fatal due to lack of treatment . 700,000 hectares of crops were destroyed , 400 factories were forced to close , and there was a 20 % decrease in economic production . Communication within the country also became difficult .
The 1999 floods , although not as serious as the 1998 floods , were still very dangerous and costly . The floods occurred between July and September , causing many deaths , and leaving many people homeless . The extensive damage had to be paid for with foreign assistance . The entire flood lasted approximately 65 days .
The 2004 flood was very similar to the 1988 and 1998 floods with two thirds of the country underwater .
In early October 2005 , dozens of villages were inundated when rain caused the rivers of northwestern Bangladesh to burst their banks.The floods that hit Bangladesh in 2007 affected 252 villages in 40 districts causing millions of people became homeless .
Floods also occurred in 2015 and 2017 .
Details of the 2017 flood ( s ) in Bangladesh
In 2017 , unpredicted early heavy rain caused flooding in several parts of Bangladesh and damaged pre-harvested crops in April . The April flood continued until the last week of August and caused substantial damage to housing , property , and infrastructure . Using Sentinel-1 , comprehensive flood inundation maps of Bangladesh for March , April , June , and August 2017 show that the presence of perennial waterbodies in March 2017 covering an area of 5.03 % in Bangladesh . In April , a total flood-inundated area was 2.01 % , most inundation occurring in cropland ( 1.51 % ) , followed by rural settlement and homestead orchard areas ( 0.21 % ) and other areas ( 0.29 % ) . Similarly , more area was inundated during the catastrophic June and August months , with inundation covering 4.53 % and 7.01 % , respectively .
Climate variability
From March to September in a typical year , the citizens of Bangladesh are the most susceptible to major flooding , as a mixture of the monsoon seasons and the rising of major rivers and their tributaries reach their peak as the snow starts to melt and the rain starts to pour .
the rivers flow from India into Bangladesh also sometimes the Himalayas .
Widespread flooding in Bangladesh , as seen in 1988 , 1998 and 1991 has caused widespread destruction in one of the least developed countries in the world . With three of the world 's mightiest river systems and being situated in the world 's largest delta , riverbank erosion is taking away precious land from the small nation with a growing population every year . The economic development of the rural sphere is largely intertwined , as every year the populace loses property and livelihood . South Asian people , 70 percent of whom lives in rural areas also account for 75 percent of the poor , most of whom rely on agriculture for their livelihood . Each year they are disproportionately affected by the effects of climate change . Three catastrophes—the 1991 Bangladesh cyclone , the May 1997 Bangladesh cyclone and Cyclone Sidr in 2007—cost the nation around a quarter of a million of its residents . There needs to be serious considerations to mitigate the effects of climate change and invest in capacity building of each system component to secure the future of this country .
This global change is likely to have a more dramatic effect on the global agriculture than previously predicted meaning that the world hunger situation and Bangladesh 's food security issues will only get worse . The difference between historical and projected average temperatures each season throughout the world has revealed that harvests from major staple crops could drop by 40 percent by the end of the 21st century due to high temperatures in the growing seasons . A research study predicted this by using the patterns and characteristics of 23 global climate models . Not only are the harvests affected , the grain yield is also predicted to decrease anywhere from 3 to 15 percent .
The overall damage :
Half of the districts were affected
( 66 % ) of the country was overwhelmed
1,050 deaths reported
30 million people affected
25 million people left homeless
26,000 livestock lost
20,000 education facilities damaged
300,000 wells damaged
of roads flooded
of river embankments destroyed
32 percent of the total population affected
Flood preparation
Yearly flooding during monsoon season and other forms of inclement weather have forced the people of Bangladesh to adjust their lifestyle in order to prepare for the worst . One thing that people are doing to avoid the effects of the flooding is building elevated houses and roads . The raised houses are built on platforms raised above the typical water level a flood can reach . In many cases , neighbourhoods of people build these raised homes and roads , creating a `` cluster village '' which is essentially a village that is raised above flood level . This has proven to be very effective at avoiding the immediate effects of flooding .
Additionally , organisations such as the Global Fund for Children and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation have taken the initiative of helping kids rebuild their lives after natural disasters by building schools that function on boats themselves . `` Floating schools '' , as these classrooms are known , help provide an education for children whose lives were drastically affected by the effects of constant flooding . Furthermore , children who even prior to a natural disaster did not receive proper schooling benefited from the opening of floating schools , making these communities into beneficial learning spots .
However , there are effects from flooding that can not be avoided simply by raising houses above flood level . Water contamination , for example , is very difficult to cope with during floods . Because of this , many people in Bangladesh use a tube well , which is a well with a top that is raised high enough that contaminated flood water from a flood can not enter it . Many cities also have flood shelters , which are large raised platforms where people can find refuge from the effects of the on-rushing flood . As a result of several demanding summer floods , in 2004 , the government of Bangladesh made the step of seeking foreign aid rather than try to assist the millions of homeless people on their own . Nearly all the 147 million people living in Bangladesh at the time ( crammed into a space the size of Iowa ) were forced to adapt to intense rainfall and water-borne disease exposed conditions . An increase of salinity , a lack of food distributors , and the effects of seeing slum dwellers survive on flood water were just the initial blows to a monumental flood season that summer , extending beyond Bangladesh 's borders and affecting India , China , Nepal , and Vietnam as well .
These may be great solutions to the problem of flooding , but some cities do not have raised houses or flood shelters . These cities typically have rescue boats that can search for people who were unable to get above flood level and help them get out of the water . These boats are very important ; they rescue over a thousand people over the course of multiple years .
Flood shelter suitability areas in Bangladesh
To mitigate flood disasters impact , it is crucial to understand the areas that are flooded by water . At the same time , flood-affected families also can get a safe location to shelter . In Bangladesh , most rural homes are situated in low-lying floodplain regions , which are highly vulnerable to flooding . Many of these residences inundate during flooding and come to be unsuitable for habitation . In this case , emergency lodging in temporary flood shelters is necessary for the affected families . The place of the flood shelter concerning the distance from the community and accessibility is crucial for useful evacuation and relocation . The flood shelter must be accessible and close to a settlement to ensure efficient evacuation and relocation .
On the other hand , the shelters should be built in an area free from the risk of flooding . Over time , a good number of safe cyclone shelters have been established in the coastal regions of Bangladesh . However , in the flood-prone northern and central regions and the flood-prone area near the major rivers , a small number of designated flood emergency shelters exist other than a few elevated homesteads . In most cases , these small figures of flood shelters are not located in flood-prone areas to evacuate most people . Therefore , many factors related to flood pronouns , protection , and convenience , should be considered when identifying suitable sites for flood shelters . In this case , remote sensing and geographic information system can play a vitally important role in finding suitable locations for flood shelters .
Coverage of inundation and deaths in major floods , 1954-1998
Table of flood damage in Bangladesh ( 1953-1998 )
See also
2007 Chittagong mudslides
References
Further reading
Jha , Abhas Kumar , Robin Bloch , and Jessica Lamond . Cities and Flooding : A Guide to Integrated Urban Flood Risk Management for the 21st Century . Washington , D.C. : World Bank , 2012 . Academia . Web . 29 Apr . 2014 .
Hofer , Thomas , and Bruno Messerli . Floods in Bangladesh : History , Dynamics and Rethinking the Role of the Himalayas . Tokyo : United Nations UP , 2006 . Academia . Web . 29 Apr . 2014 .
External links
Radio-in-a-box ( RIAB ) is a portable , economical broadcasting system containing a laptop , mixer , CD/Cassette player , digital audio recorder , microphones and equipment needed to establish a radio station in remote or disaster locations .
History
In 2005 , the Asia-Pacific Broadcasting Union ( ABU ) , with the assistance from the United Nations Educational , Scientific , and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) , began development of an economical , compact , and easily transportable radio system that could be employed in remote areas or in response to disasters . In response to the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami , Radio Netherlands Worldwide ( RNW ) developed a portable radio station in 20 ft shipping container . Due to the long transit time of shipping a container by ship , RNW developed a smaller , rapid response set that measures 80 cm X 70 cm X 70 cm and weighs approximately 15 Kilograms .
RIAB Capabilities
RIAB systems differ in sizes . Some RIAB systems measure as small as 55 cm X 50 cm or as large as a twenty-foot shipping container . Once delivered to a designated site , RIAB systems may be operational within one hour . RIAB systems can be transported easily on airplanes or helicopters to reach remote areas or disaster areas to provide information to people on the ground . RIABs have a variety of transmitters that range in power from 30 watt to 1000 watts . RIAB systems may be static or mounted in a vehicle for mobile operations . Asia-Pacific Broadcasting Union ( ABU ) built a 30 watt radio-in-a-box system for approximately $ 5000 USD . The approximate annual cost of establishing and maintaining a RIAB in Afghanistan is $ 27,000 .
Civilian Application
Radio-in-a-box systems have been employed in disaster areas where broadcasting infrastructure has been destroyed in order to provide those affected with much-needed information . Radio Netherlands Worldwide ( RNW ) delivered one RIAB system to Padang , Indonesia following the September 30 , 2009 earthquake , one RIAB system to Haiti following the January 12 , 2010 earthquake and two RIAB systems to Chile following the February 27 , 2010 earthquake . Additional radio-in-a-box systems have been delivered to eight countries in Africa , Bhutan , India , Jamaica , and Tonga .
United States Military Employment In Afghanistan
Radio is the dominant information tool to reach wide audiences in isolated , mountainous regions . The US military has deployed RIABs throughout Afghanistan in order to communicate with the residents . Due to a 70 percent illiteracy rate and lack of education in Afghanistan radio is a vital communications tool used to broadcast information where radio ownership exceeds 80 percent . The United States military operates approximately 100 RIABs and hire local Afghan DJs in Afghanistan to broadcast information and host call-in shows . The United States Army employed RIAB systems to broadcast anti-Taliban and anti-Al Qaeda messages and countered Taliban propaganda by pushing onto Taliban frequencies in Paktia Province . One advantage of employing RIAB systems is the ability to broadcast vital information immediately to a large audience in the event of a crisis . One Afghan DJ has 50,000 listeners . Nawa District Governor Abdul Manaf uses the local RIAB station to conduct weekly call-in shows and believes the RIAB system is one of their best communication tools to inform a large audience . In Afghanistan 's Paktika province , which has a literacy rate of two percent , an estimated 92 percent of the residents listen to the radio every day . Radio programs transmitted using RIAB systems provide beneficial information to Afghan farmers in remote areas . In the isolated , mountainous Wazi Kwah district of Paktika Province , a RIAB system supplies the only source of outside news . Afghan National Army commanders use the RIAB to communicate to villagers and elders and provide thoughts to the community . Afghans trust messages from the United States military that explain important information such as what to do when a military convoy approaches and agriculture programs . For general news , Afghans prefer other outlets of information such as the BBC or VOA because RIAB systems are controlled by the US military . Special Operations first employed RIAB systems in Afghanistan in 2005 which improved their ability to supply information to and communicate with the local population in their areas of operation .
See also
Voice of America
Asia-Pacific Broadcasting Union
Radio Netherlands Worldwide
References
External links
The CPD Blog is intended to stimulate dialog among scholars , researchers , practitioners and professionals from around the world in the public diplomacy sphere . The opinions represented here are the authors ' own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the USC Center on Public Diplomacy .
The Harris AM/FM flyaway package .
Radio Station in a box for tsunami disaster
Radio technology
Eutropis alcalai is a species of skink , a lizard in the family Scincidae . The species is endemic to the Philippines .
Etymology
The specific name , alcalai , is in honor of Filipino herpetologist Angel Chua Alcala .
Geographic range
E. alcalai is found in western Mindanao , the Philippines .
References
Further reading
Barley AJ , Sanguila MB , Brown RM ( 2021 ) . `` A new species of Sun Skink ( Reptilia : Scincidae : Eutropis ) from the Zamboanga Peninsula , southwestern Mindanao Island , Philippines '' . Philippine Journal of Systematic Biology 14 ( 2 ) : 1–18 . ( Eutropis alcalai , new species ) .
Eutropis
Reptiles described in 2021
Reptiles of the Philippines
Endemic fauna of the Philippines
Aichi 7th district ( 愛知県 [ 第 ] 7区 , Aichi-ken- [ dai- ] nanaku ) is a single-member constituency of the House of Representatives , the lower house of the national Diet of Japan . It covers the commuter and industrial towns northeast of Nagoya . The district consists of the cities of Ōbu , Owariasahi , Toyoake , Nisshin , Nagakute , Aichi District and parts of Seto City . As of 2016 , 448,591 eligible voters were registered in the district .
The district is currently represented by Junji Suzuki from Liberal Democratic Party .
Background
The commuter and industrial towns surrounding Nagoya have long been regarded as a bastion for anti-LDP forces and this district is no exception . The 7th district and its predecessors have continuously elected non-LDP members to the Diet . After the introduction of parallel voting and single-member districts in 1996 , the district has only elected one LDP member , Junji Suzuki , who was elected in the LDP landslides of 2005 , 2012 , and 2021 .
List of representatives
Election results
References
Aichi Prefecture
Districts of the House of Representatives ( Japan )
Parliamentary elections were held in Cyprus on 8 December 1985 . The result was a victory for the Democratic Rally , which won 19 of the 56 seats . Voter turnout was 94.6 % .
Results
References
Legislative election
Cyprus
Legislative elections in Cyprus
Cyprus
One Year Later is a 1933 American Pre-Code film directed by E. Mason Hopper .
Plot summary
First , a pair of blissful honeymooners traveling by train . Then , a year later , the same coach is carrying the man to their place of execution . Although it seems hopeless , there are two wild cards on board : the man 's wife and a terminally ill reporter .
Cast
Mary Brian as Molly Collins
Russell Hopton as Tony Richards
Don Dillaway as Jim Collins
DeWitt Jennings as Deputy Russell
Will Ahern as Will Ahern
Gladys Ahern as Joyce Carewe
George Irving as J. Atwell Hunt
Jackie Searl as Clarence
Pauline Garon as Vera Marks
William Humphrey as Conductor
Harry Holman as Fat Man
Marjorie Beebe as Newsstand Girl
Herbert Evans as The Englishman
Soundtrack
External links
1933 films
American black-and-white films
1933 drama films
American drama films
Films directed by E. Mason Hopper
Films with screenplays by F. Hugh Herbert
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Erythroxylum macrophyllum is a tropical tree in the family Erythroxylaceae . It is found in Costa Rica . It grows at altitudes of 1200–1400 m. It is a small tree of the understory reaching 2 to 6 meters . The leaves are alternate and are aligned in a plane . Small white flowers are borne March through June ; they are followed by fruit that persist until September and are red when ripe .
References
Trees of Costa Rica
macrophyllum
General elections were held in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines on 13 December 2010 . The result was a victory for the Unity Labour Party , which won eight of the fifteen seats in the House of Assembly .
Background
The date of the elections was announced at the Calliaqua Playing Field by Prime Minister Ralph Gonsalves on 14 November 2010 . It was also announced that parliament would be dissolved on 15 November and nomination day would be on 26 November .
Campaign
A total of 44 candidates contested the elections ; the Unity Labour Party and the New Democratic Party both fielded a full slate of 15 candidates , whilst the Green Party had 14 candidates .
Results
References
Saint Vincent
Elections in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
2010 in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Chingachgook is a character in James Fenimore Cooper novels .
Chingachgook may also refer to :
USS Chingachgook ( SP-35 ) , a former US Navy ship
Rex Alan Gautrey ( 6 January 1928 – 8 December 2001 ) was an English cricketer and footballer . Gautrey was a right-handed batsman who played primarily as a wicketkeeper . They were born at Cottenham , Cambridgeshire .
Cricket career
Gautrey made their debut for Cambridgeshire in the 1949 Minor Counties Championship against Berkshire . From 1949 to 1972 , they represented the county in 104 Minor Counties matches , with their final Minor Counties appearance coming against Lincolnshire .
Gautrey also represented Cambridgeshire in List-A cricket , making their debut in that format of the game for the county against Essex in the 1964 Gillette Cup . They represented Cambridgeshire in a further 3 List-A matches , with their final List-A match coming against Yorkshire in the 1967 Gillette Cup . In their 4 List-A matches , they scored 74 runs at a batting average of 18.50 , with a high score of 75 . Behind the stumps they took 2 catches . Gautrey also captained Cambridgeshire on a number of occasions .
Football career
Gautrey also played football for Histon and for Cambridgeshire itself . Gautrey died on 8 December 2001 .
References
External links
Rex Gautrey at Cricinfo
Rex Gautrey at CricketArchive
1928 births
2001 deaths
People from Cottenham
English cricketers
Cambridgeshire cricketers
English footballers
Histon F.C . players
Association footballers not categorized by position
Wicket-keepers
Sarojini Nadar ( born 6 February 1976 ) is a South African theologian and biblical scholar who is the Desmond Tutu Research Chair in Religion and Social Justice at the University of the Western Cape .
Early life and education
Sarojini Nadar , whose first name means `` lotus flower '' , was born on 6 February 1976 . They are of Indian descent and grew up in the Indian township of Phoenix , KwaZulu-Natal . Nadar is the youngest of seven children born to a poor family . Them father died when they were eight years old and none of their siblings finished high school . After experiencing abuse in the home , they left to live with an older sister in Grade 10 . They graduated from Effingham Secondary School in Durban in 1993 . They have said that their career in gender and religion was shaped by reflections on how their mother 's life was determined by cultural and religious norms , including being in an arranged marriage at 17 , and the lack of opportunities they received .
Nadar received a Bachelor of Arts in English literature and religious studies from the University of Cape Town in 1996 , and a Bachelor of Social Science in 1997 and Master of Arts in 2000 in biblical literature from the same university . They received their PhD in biblical hermeneutics and gender from the University of Natal in 2003 at the age of 27 . Them thesis , titled Power , ideology and interpretation/s : womanist and literary perspectives on the book of Esther as resources for gender-social transformation , looked at the Book of Esther as a `` text of terror '' in normalising rape culture . While completing it , they confronted the man who had raped her , leading to a seven-year trial . Them rapist confessed before they died in 2010 , leaving the trial unfinished .
Career and research
Nadar was a professor at the University of KwaZulu-Natal . From 2005 until 2012 , they were Director of the Gender and Religion Programme , which they cofounded . They were appointed Dean of Research for the College of Humanities in 2012 and promoted to Full Professor in 2014 . They have said many of their students , who were mostly older men and leaders in the church , found it difficult to accept them as their teacher .
In 2014 , Nadar was a Fellow of the Stellenbosch Institute For Advanced Study , working on a project on gender violence with Elisabeth Gerle . In 2016 , they were appointed Director of the Desmond Tutu Centre for Religion and Justice , and Desmond Tutu Research Chair at University of the Western Cape .
Nadar 's research has focused on gender and education , including gender-based violence , sexual and reproductive health , and critical pedagogy in higher education . They have published on feminist biblical hermeneutics with a special focus on HIV/AIDS and sexuality . They are on the editorial board of the Journal of Feminist Studies in Religion and is co-editor of the Journal of Constructive Theology — Gender and Religion in Africa . They are a member of the Circle of Concerned African Women Theologians .
As an African feminist biblical scholar , Nadar uses a methodology they call the `` Tripolar Model '' , with three stages : conceptualisation , distantiation , and appropriation .
Awards and honours
In 2012 , Nadar received the KwaZulu-Natal 's Distinguished Young Women in Science Award ( human and social sciences ) and in 2013 , the university 's Distinguished Teachers ' Award .
The South African National Research Foundation has awarded them its highest accolade , a Tier 1 Research Chair . Them 2012 book African Women , Religion and Health , co-edited with Isabel Apawo Phiri , won the UKZN 's annual book award for Best Edited Book , and a New York Catholic Press award .
Personal life
Nadar has been married to Poovan Nadar , a chemical engineer , since 1996 and they have two children .
Selected publications
Books
Chapters
Journal articles
References
Living people
1976 births
South African people of Indian descent
People from Durban
University of Cape Town alumni
University of Natal alumni
University of KwaZulu-Natal faculty
South African women writers
South African writers
South African women academics
South African biblical scholars
Women Christian theologians
21st-century Protestant theologians
Christian feminist theologians
Christian feminist biblical scholars
HIV/AIDS activists
University of the Western Cape faculty
Gerald Warner Brace ( September 24 , 1901 – July 20 , 1978 ) was an American novelist , writer , educator , sailor and boat builder . Their work frequently employed settings from rural life in New England .
Biography
Early life and ancestors
They were born on September 24 , 1901 in Islip , Long Island , Suffolk County , New York , and died on July 20 , 1978 at Blue Hill , Maine .
Gerald W. Brace was a son of Charles Loring Brace , Jr. , who was an 1874 graduate of Phillips Academy in Andover , Massachusetts and a graduate of Yale College class of 1876 with a degree in Civil Engineering . C. L. Brace was a Mugwump in politics . They were employed as Superintendent and Engineer of Construction with the Minneapolis and St. Louis Railway at Minneapolis . When their father , CLB Sr. , died in 1890 , they were invited by the trustees of the New York Children 's Aid Society to take up as Secretary and Chief Executive Officer of that society .
Gerald Brace 's mother was Louise Tillman Warner , the daughter of Dr. Lewis Tillman Warner and Elizabeth Williams Gray . Elizabeth was the daughter of Elizabeth Williams Hull , a daughter of Dr. Amos Gift Hull , a well known surgeon of New York , and a sister of Dr. Amos Gerald Hull ( 1810–1859 ) , an 1832 graduate of Rutgers Medical College and an influential Homeopathic Physician .
Elizabeth Williams Gray was also the daughter was Dr. John Franklin Gray
( 1804–1882 ) , an 1826 graduate of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons and the first practitioner of homeopathy in the United States . They are buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn , New York . They were a grandson of the Rev . Mr. Blackleach Burritt and a descendant of Governor Thomas Welles .
Dr. Warner 's second wife was Sarah Loring MacKaye , ( 1841–1876 ) a woman of extraordinary charm and brilliance , and a pianist of professional ability . They were the daughter of Emily Steele and Colonel James M. MacKaye , a successful attorney and an ardent abolitionist and an organizer of The Wells Fargo Express Company , and President of American Telegraph Company . Sarah was a sister of American playwright , actor , theater manager and inventor James Morrison Steele MacKaye .
They are the grandson of Letitia Neill of Belfast , Ireland and Charles Loring Brace , Yale College 1846 , who was a contributing philanthropist in the field of social reform . They are considered a father of the modern foster care movement and was most renowned for starting the Orphan Train movement of the mid-19th century , and for founding The Children 's Aid Society in 1853 .
They are a great-grandson of John Pierce Brace , an 1812 graduate of Williams College who was head teacher at Litchfield Female Academy . The Academy was founded in 1792 by their aunt , Sarah Pierce ( 1767–1852 ) and was one of the earliest schools for girls in the United States .
J. P. Brace left Litchfield Female Academy in 1833 and moved on to a position at Catharine Beecher 's Hartford Female Seminary . They were also editor of the Hartford Courant . Their wife was Lucy Porter , the sister-in-law of Lyman Beecher , Yale College , 1797 and a descendant of politician , and diplomat Rufus King , who was one of the signers of the United States Constitution .
Gerald W. Brace had a typical upper-middle class Victorian upbringing . They always looked back with nostalgia on the moral certainties and romantic visions of that age . Though they lived in a century of industrialization and technology , and rapid social change , they dreamt of sailing ships , lonely country farms , and romantic adventures .
Although Brace spent their youth in New York , they became a quintessential New Englander . From the beginning of the 20th century , the Brace family summered in Maine , especially at Deer Isle . Sailing was a way of life . They wrote about it in both their fiction and non-fiction .
Education
When they turned 8 , they began attending a private school for boys called the Allen-Stevenson School on Fifty-sixth Street , between Park Avenue and Madison Avenue in New York City . In 1913 , they began attending The Gunnery and graduated from Loomis Chaffee School in 1918 . They received their Bachelor of Arts degree in English from Amherst College in 1922 . They received both their Master of Arts and Ph.D degrees from Harvard University .
When they entered Amherst College they first became acquainted with and studied under the poet Robert Frost . In later years , when both they and Frost lived in the Boston area , Frost would often join them for dinner and fascinated Brace 's children by their speculative nonstop monologue .
It was also during their college years that they began taking long hikes in The Berkshires and then into the mountains of Vermont .
They became acquainted with the harsh life of the rural people who lived on the back country roads , subconsciously gathering subject matter for their novels . Many of their books dealt with a way of life that was already disappearing , however , their plots and writing style continued to evolve .
Hoping to learn more about boat design , Gerald entered a graduate program in Architecture at Harvard , but they soon realized that they were in the wrong field . They really wanted to write , and they were allowed to transfer to English and take a seminar in Creative Writing .
After they received their Master 's Degree , they were offered a teaching position at Williams College where they added a passion for skiing to their enjoyment of long mountain hikes . They found that they got along well with students and enjoyed teaching .
Family
They married on December 3 , 1927 at the Community Unitarian Church in White Plains , New York by the Rev . James Alexander Fairley , ( Rev . Fairley 's son , Lincoln Fairley , was Brace 's roommate at Harvard ) Huldah Potter Laird , born on November 12 , 1902 at Boston , Suffolk County , Massachusetts and died in August 1986 in Belmont , Massachusetts . They were the daughter of Raymond Gilchrist Laird and Huldah Blanche Potter . They taught biology at Lasell College ( formerly known as Lasell Seminary ) prior to their marriage to Brace .
Gerald and Huldah were the parents of three children :
C. Loring Brace , ( 1930–2019 ) is an anthropologist at the University of Michigan .
Gerald Warner Brace , Jr. ( 1931–2003 )
Barbara Brace Seeley ( 1934–2003 )
Career
They began their career as an instructor and professor of English and of creative writing teaching briefly at Williams College , and later at Dartmouth College and Mount Holyoke College . They have spent most of their teaching career at Boston University where the creative writing program still awards a prize in their name .
It was said of them that as a sailor they were as skilled as any lobsterman who shared Penobscot Bay . Laconic in their ways , they woke early to write , to shape words that spoke their sense of what Maine stood for against the ebbing of old New England .
Their college years at Amherst served to confirm their strong and romantic attachment to the traditions of New England . They always looked for the old ways , the remnants of the past in action ... and though they knew life and the world were harsh and often tragic , they had a conviction that old New England had once discovered a classic serenity that could still be perceived .
Reputation
Brace , like C. P. Snow , greatly admired Anthony Trollope above all of the English novelists and wrote an introduction to The Last Chronicle of Barset . Reviewers of their novel , The Department , inevitably compared them to C. P. Snow . One reviewer called their novel The Department the American equivalent of The Masters , which was awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize in 1954 , in its witty and basically good-humored anatomy of every English department there ever was .
They were referred to by The New England Quarterly as `` the forgotten New England novelist '' , and they were renowned in their time for their beautifully illustrated chronicles of life along and near the New England coast . A writer , sailor , boats designer , and teacher , they introduced readers to seafaring folk and farmers , townspeople and `` summer people , '' and has made us see them , their lives , and their background .
From their first book through of their succeeding books , it is dominated by scene . They have few equals in New England landscapes and perhaps none in describing their coastline , especially the jagged rock and spruce covered coast of Maine . It was also said of all of their novels that the quality of their `` prose style so perfected and shaped that it is difficult to find anywhere a poorly written sentence . ''
What follows is a brief description of their works .
The Garretson Chronicle
In their novel , The Garretson Chronicle , depicting three generations of a Massachusetts family , they deal with satirizing the decline of Emersonain New England , and the battle with the mountain ( a modern version of Moby Dick ) . The narrator-hero of the novel is a young boy who has never been content with their job as the village carpenter and is always searching for roots and a sense of accomplishment . This novel was promoted for the Pulitzer Prize in 1948 .
The Wayward Pilgrims
The Wayward Pilgrims is a novel about a young university instructor , traveling around the state of Vermont , who meets an older woman , at a train depot , who teaches them about their experiences in life .
The Department
The narrator of the novel is Robert `` Sandy '' Sanderling , a professor of American literature with a degree from Harvard , who is planning their retirement speech . Looking back over their life , they feel that they have accomplished very little and their one novel , Aftermath was not the book they had hoped it would be ; their marriage was a disaster ; they have no real friends in their department , and the profession of teaching and the field of scholarship have changed and left them behind .
It is also one of the first novels portraying the institutional and personal responses to political influences on college campuses during the 1960s .
List of works
They wrote eleven novels and , in addition , literary works such as The Age of the Novel ( 1957 ) and The Stuff of Fiction ( 1969 ) . In 1976 they published their autobiography , Days That Were , which included their own illustrations .
Most of Brace 's novels are set in New England . They include :
The Islands ( 1936 ) , set in Maine
The Wayward Pilgrims ( 1938 ) , set in a Vermont train depot
Light on a Mountain ( 1941 )
The Garretson Chronicle ( 1947 )
A Summer 's Tale ( 1949 )
The Spire ( 1952
Bell 's Landing ( 1955 )
The World of Carrick 's Cove ( 1957 ) , a nominee for the 1958 National Book Award for Fiction
Winter Solstice ( 1960 )
The Wind 's Will ( 1964 )
The Department ( 1968/1983 ) , which was translated and published in Bengali in 1970
Students
Philip R. Craig ( 1933–2007 ) was a writer known for their Martha 's Vineyard mysteries .
Awards
They were a 1958 National Book Award nominee for fiction . In 1967 they won the Shell Award for Distinguished Writing from Boston University .
References
Sources
Brace , Gerald Warner . Days that Were . New York : W.W. Norton & Company . 1976. .
Burlingame , Dwight F. Philanthropy in America : A Comprehensive Historical Encyclopedia . ABC-CLIO , Inc. .
Cleave , Egbert . Cleave 's biographical cyclopaedia of homoeopathic physicians and surgeons . Philadelphia : Galaxy publishing company , 1873 .
Lindgren , Charlotte Holt . Gerald Warner Brace : Writer , Sailor , Teacher . New Hampshire : Hollis Publishing Company . 1998. .
Raymond , Marcius Denison . Gray genealogy : being a genealogical record and history of the descendants of John Gray , of Beverly , Mass. , and also including sketches of other Gray families . New York : Higginson Book Company , 1887 .
Raymond , Marcius Denison . Sketch of Rev . Blackleach Burritt and related Stratford families : a paper read before the Fairfield County Historical Society , at Bridgeport , Conn. , Friday evening , Feb. 19 , 1892 . Bridgeport : Fairfield County Historical Society 1892 .
Showalter , Elaine . Faculty towers : the academic novel and its discontents . Oxford : Oxford University Press ; Philadelphia : Published in the United States by the University of Pennsylvania Press , 2005. .
Siemiatkoski , Donna Holt The descendents of Governor Thomas Welles of Connecticut , 1590-1658 , and their descendants . Baltimore : Gateway Press 1990 .
External links
The Children 's Aid Society
Orphans ' stories
1901 births
1978 deaths
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
The Frederick Gunn School alumni
Amherst College alumni
Harvard University alumni
Dartmouth College faculty
Williams College faculty
Mount Holyoke College faculty
Boston University faculty
Writers from Massachusetts
Writers from Maine
Writers from New York ( state )
People from Hancock County , Maine
People from Islip ( town ) , New York
Yale College alumni
Lake Wahtopanah , also known as Rivers Reservoir , is a lake on the Little Saskatchewan River near the town of Rivers , Manitoba . Its dam was built by the Prairie Farm Rehabilitation Administration in 1960 to supplement water supplies for irrigation . It also provides the water supply for the town of Rivers , stock watering and recreation . The reservoir is about wide and six miles ( 10 km ) long . The deepest point is about . Riparian flows are regulated by a four-foot square gated conduit . High flows pass over a wide concrete chute spillway . The reservoir stores about and covers an area of about . The drainage area is about and extends well into Riding Mountain National Park . The province maintains a park and campground on the west shore .
The name is an alternate form of the Native word watopapinah meaning `` canoe people '' .
In late June and early July 2020 , the area received a 1 in 1000 year runoff event ; the flow peaked at about 300 cms ( 10600 cfs ) . The area received over 20 inches of rain over a 5-day period causing the lake to flood to the never before seen level of 471.02 meters ( 1545.35 feet above sea level ) , 2.85 meters ( 9.35 feet ) above the full supply level . This also caused the Manitoba Government to lose confidence in the dam and to warn everyone down stream of the likelihood of dam failure and catastrophic flooding . It caused nearby municipalities and the City of Brandon to declare states of emergency and the City of Brandon to put over 2000 residents on evacuation notice . Several near by cabins , homes , and campers in seasonal campground were lost .
Once the flood waters receded , the province was able to assess the dam and regain confidence in the structure .
References
Lakes of Manitoba
Reservoirs in Canada
Perry Digweed ( born 26 October 1959 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Fulham , Brighton & Hove Albion , Chelsea , Wimbledon and Watford , making 226 appearances in the Football League .
After retiring from football , Digweed went on to appear alongside Vinnie Jones in the film Mean Machine .
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Westminster
Fulham F.C . players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C . players
Chelsea F.C . players
Wimbledon F.C . players
Watford F.C . players
English Football League players
Le Monde doit m'arriver ( 2012 ) or Find the Way is a French feature film shot in Marseille in 2010 and finalized in 2012 .
This is the first feature film of Jonathan Taieb as director .
Synopsis
Ludo , an almost-30-year-old wistful artist , finds their life turned upside down after a potentially serious health problem , a break-up , and after meeting Raphael , a child doomed by an incurable disease .
Cast
Alex Skarbek
Jeremy Taieb
Sabrina Nouchi
Rozenn Djonkovitch
Gildas Saublet
Georges Martin-Censier
External links
Le Monde doit m'arriver at IMDB
French comedy-drama films
2012 films
2010s French films
Audubon County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 5,674 , making it Iowa 's third-least populous county . Its county seat is Audubon . The county was named after John James Audubon , the naturalist and artist .
History
Audubon County was formed on January 15 , 1851 , from sections of Pottawattamie County . It was named after John James Audubon . The current Audubon County Court House was opened in 1940 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has an area of , of which is land and ( 0.1 % ) is water .
Major highways
U.S. Highway 71
Iowa Highway 44
Iowa Highway 173
Adjacent counties
Carroll County ( north )
Guthrie County ( east )
Cass County ( south )
Shelby County ( west )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 5,674 in the county , with a population density of . 97.41 % of the population reported being of one race . 94.87 % were non-Hispanic White , 0.30 % were Black , 1.52 % were Hispanic , 0.09 % were Native American , 0.09 % were Asian , 0.02 % were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.12 % were some other race or more than one race . There were 2,787 housing units of which 2,498 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 6,119 in the county , with a population density of . There were 2,972 housing units , of which 2,617 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 6,830 people , 2,773 households , and 1,927 families residing in the county . The population density was 15 people per square mile ( 6/km2 ) . There were 2,995 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 99.17 % White , 0.15 % Black or African American , 0.09 % Native American , 0.19 % Asian , 0.03 % from other races , and 0.38 % from two or more races . 0.48 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 2,773 households , out of which 30.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 61.40 % were married couples living together , 5.60 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.50 % were non-families . 28.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 16.70 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.94 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 25.90 % under the age of 18 , 5.00 % from 18 to 24 , 22.70 % from 25 to 44 , 22.90 % from 45 to 64 , and 23.50 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 42 years . For every 100 females there were 92.00 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 89.10 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 32,215 , and the median income for a family was $ 37,288 . Males had a median income of $ 28,090 versus $ 17,528 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,489 . About 6.70 % of families and 7.70 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 8.20 % of those under age 18 and 7.80 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Audubon
Brayton
Exira
Gray
Kimballton
Townships
Audubon County is divided into twelve townships :
Audubon
Cameron
Douglas
Exira
Greeley
Hamlin
Leroy
Lincoln
Melville
Oakfield
Sharon
Viola
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Audubon County .
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Audubon County , Iowa
Audubon County Court House
References
Further reading
( )
External links
Audubon County
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Moabite Notebook ( ) is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze .
Plot
The film tells about the famous Tatar poet Musa Jalil , who ended up in the fascist prison of Moabit , where they wrote over 100 verses .
Cast
Rafkat Bikchentayev as Shafi
Aivars Bogdanovics as Timmermans ( as Ayvars Bogdanovich )
Pyotr Chernov as Musa Jalil
Ildar Khairulin as Zayni
Khavza Mingashudinova as Idrisi
Laimonas Noreika as Rosenberg
Azgar Shakirov as Abdulla
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1968 drama films
Ultimate Toni Braxton , released in 2003 , is the first greatest hits collection by R & B singer Toni Braxton . It features many of their greatest hits , and includes all the singles from their debut Toni Braxton and all but one of the singles from their second album Secrets . Them albums The Heat and More Than a Woman are fairly underrepresented , as only two and one songs are included from each album , respectively . The songs on Ultimate are not the actual album versions but radio edits , and the version of `` Seven Whole Days '' is live .
The album also includes two new songs , `` Whatchu Need '' ( produced by Rodney Jerkins ) and `` The Little Things '' ( produced by R. Kelly ) . Toni 's first single `` Give U My Heart '' ( a duet with Babyface ) that was included on the `` Boomerang '' soundtrack , and a remix of `` Un-Break My Heart '' . There is also a Box Set edition of the album which contains six additional remixes . According to Billboard , the album has sold 400,000 copies as of May 2013 . It was certified Gold in the UK , in July 2013 .
Background and content
After releasing four studio albums , the last , More Than a Woman ( 2002 ) , was a chart disappointment , being their first studio album to not reach the Top 10 and to not produce any hit singles . Later , Braxton discovered they were pregnant with their second child , which led their label to not release any more singles and the promotion of the album was interrupted . Ultimately , their label decided to release the greatest hits compilation in 2003 . The compilation titled Ultimate Toni Braxton was released on November 4 , 2003 by Arista Records .
Songs
The track list is composed of Braxton 's 18 songs , with 15 being their biggest hits , since their debut single with Babyface , `` Give U My Heart '' , from 1992 , until their biggest hit to date , `` Un-Break My Heart '' , from 1996 . The album also features other hits of their career , such as `` Love Shoulda Brought You Home '' , `` Another Sad Love Song '' , `` Breathe Again '' , `` You 're Makin ' Me High '' , `` He Was n't Man Enough '' and many more . The album also features two new tracks , `` Whatchu Need '' , produced by Rodney `` Darkchild '' Jerkins , and `` The Little Things '' , produced by R. Kelly . It also features a live version of `` Seven Whole Days '' and a remix of `` Un-Break My Heart '' on the regular edition . The `` limited edition '' of the album contains 2 discs , with the second disc featuring six remixes of their hits .
Critical reception
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic gave the compilation 4.5 out of 5 stars , writing that , `` her 18-track hits collection works well even through their shifts in style -- they are a confident enough performer to sell both the slow romantic ballads and material that swings harder . That 's not to say that there are n't some slow spots here -- the previously unreleased cuts are no great shakes , and sometimes the abundance of slow numbers makes things sound too samey -- but they were one of the top urban soul singers of the '90s , and this is the album that illustrates why . ''
Commercial performance
The album charted very modestly on the Billboard 200 chart , only reaching number 119 . However , it fared better on the Top R & B Albums chart , peaking at number 43 . Even with the modest peak , the album managed to sell over 400,000 copies in the United States , as of 2013 . In the UK , the album charted higher , peaking at number 23 . In July 2013 , the album was certified gold , for selling over 100,000 copies .
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
2003 greatest hits albums
Albums produced by Bryan-Michael Cox
Toni Braxton compilation albums
The women 's singles event at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held from 26 to 30 June at the Tarragona Tennis Club .
Başak Eraydın of Turkey won the gold medal , defeating Fiona Ferro of France in the final , 6–7 , 6–3 , 6–3 .
Veronika Erjavec of Slovenia won the bronze medal , defeating Lucia Bronzetti of Italy in the bronze medal match , 2–6 , 6–4 , 6–3 .
Medalists
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Draw
Tennis at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Sigrid Goethals ( born March 23 , 1968 ) is a Belgian politician affiliated to the N-VA party .
Goethals studied pharmacy at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and worked as a pharmacist before setting up their own practice in Ganshoren . They have described what they regard as the poor governance in Brussels and disputes between bilingual communities in the Brussels region as motivating their involvement in politics . They were elected as a municipal councilor for the N-VA in Asse in 2012 where they became an alderman . In the 2019 Belgian federal election , they stood for the Member of the Chamber of Representatives on the Flemish Brabant list but was unsuccessful at getting elected . However , in 2020 they were appointed to the Chamber to replace Jan Spooren who was ahead of them on the list .
References
1968 births
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives ( Belgium )
New Flemish Alliance politicians
Vrije Universiteit Brussel alumni
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Heart of Sky , Heart of Earth is a feature-length documentary film on the indigenous Maya in Mexico and Guatemala and their opposition to gold mining in their nation .
Synopsis
The film portrays six indigenous Mayas in Guatemala and Chiapas , Mexico , showing their daily and ceremonial lives .
In the film , the young indigenous fight against the Marlin Mine in Guatemala . They oppose the environmental cost of gold exploration and demand social and environmental justice .
According to their traditions , the Maya believe that they are guardians of the earth . Their cosmovision , in which all life is sacred and interconnected , is portrayed as a compelling alternative to the exploitation and destruction of the planet .
Release and reception
Heart of Sky , Heart of Earth had its international premiere at the International Documentary Festival Amsterdam ( Masters Section ) after its German premiere at DokLeipzig , The film was screened at over a hundred international film festivals and was awarded first prize at Planet in Focus , Toronto , the Audience Award at the German Nature Film Prize and all three top awards in Montreal 's First Peoples Festival .
The film won awards or opened every human rights festival in both Central and South America . The film had a theatrical release in Germany and Japan and was the opening film of the 2012 Human Rights Film Festival at the National Theater of Guatemala . The film is the first part of the 'Heart of Sky , Heart of Earth - Trilogy ' . The second part , the feature-length documentary `` AWARE - Glimpses of Consciousness '' premiered at Hof International Film Festival 2020 .
Critical response
Thomas Assheuer wrote in Die Zeit : `` It is quite possible our great corporations will succeed in finishing Nature off and plant genetically modified corn over It 's burnt out remains . It is quite possible they will intimidate and expel the Indigenous from their lands . On the other hand , resistance is growing ... If one is searching for impressive evidence of this tenacious determination , Heart of Sky , Heart of Earth is it. “ Peter von Becker writes in the Tagesspiegel : A great , quiet , disturbing film “ . Peter Gutting in Kino-Zeit wrote : This different relationship to nature is better described with pictures than with words . Heart of Sky , Heart of Earth does exactly this , with clouds that glow from within , rivers with power one can sense , or mountains , which exude an inner peace . The camerawork creates settings that inspire fascination in a hitherto unknown world ..
Festivals
International Documentary Festival Amsterdam ( IDFA ) Masters Section
DokLeipzig
Margaret Mead Film Festival
Vancouver International Film Festival
Mill Valley International Film Festival
Havana International Film Festival
Thessaloniki International Documentary Festival
Awards
Planet in Focus , Toronto , First Prize ( Best International Feature )
German Nature Film Prize , Audience Award
First Prize ( Premio Pukañawi ) International Human Rights Film Festival Bolivia
Special Jury Mention , DocsDF , Mexico City
Special Jury Mention , International Film Festival and Forum on Human Rights in Geneva
Special Jury Mention , Human Rights Film Festival Buenos Aires
Best Documentary , Best Cinematography and 2nd Teueikan Prize at the First Peoples Festival Montreal in co-presentation with RIDM
Silver Chris Award , Columbus International Film Festival
Best Director , Baikal Film Festival People and Environment
References
External links
https : //www.imdb.com/title/tt2077761/
http : //umbrellafilms.org
http : //heart-of-sky.com
http : //www.herzdeshimmels-herzdererde.de
: de : Herz des Himmels , Herz der Erde
http : //www.icarusfilms.com/bf-hearto
https : //www.cinemapolitica.org/film/heart-of-earth-heart-of-sky
https : //www.heart-of-sky.net
https : //aware-film.com
2011 documentary films
Documentary films about mining
German documentary films
2010s German films
Michael Bartlett ( born 25 December 1978 in Christchurch , New Zealand ) is a former rugby union player who played for Glasgow Warriors on the wing .
Bartlett was Scottish-qualified as their maternal grandmother was born in Scotland . They signed for Glasgow Warriors in 2000 , one week after arriving in Glasgow .
They previously played for Canterbury and was in their training academy .
They were named in a New Zealand 'back up squad ' in 2000 outside the 30 man strong All Black World Cup Squad .
They were included in the 2002 Scotland squad that played Barbarians on 1 June .
References
External links
Pro 12 Profile
Statbunker profile
Living people
1978 births
Glasgow Warriors players
Rugby union players from Christchurch
Expatriate rugby union players in Scotland
New Zealand expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Lundy is an island in the Bristol Channel of Great Britain .
Lundy may also refer to :
Places
Lundy , a sea area in the Shipping Forecast
Lundy , California , United States ; a town
Lundy , Missouri , United States ; an unincorporated community
Lundy , Nova Scotia , Canada
Lundy 's Lane , Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada ; an urban highway
100604 Lundy , the Asteroid Lundy
People
Lundy ( surname )
Lundy family of the 2000 Lundy murders ; Christine Marie , Amber Grace , Mark Edward
Hok Lundy ( 1950-2008 ) Cambodian police officer
Facilities and structures
Ralph Lundy Field , Patriots Point Soccer Complex , Mount Pleasant , South Carolina , USA
Benjamin Lundy House , Mount Pleasant , Ohio , USA
Lundy 's Restaurant , a seafood restaurant in Brooklyn , NY founded by the Lundy family
Biological
Lundy cabbage
Lundy cabbage flea beetle
Lundy Pony
Other uses
, the Empire Ship `` Lundy '' , WWII British ship
Lundy 500 , an event set up by the Salient magazine , to reenact the drive from the Lundy murders
See also
Lundys Corners , Ontario , Canada
Ranier-Lundy Racing , U.S. stock car racing team
Lundy-Kotula , an aircraft brand
Lundey ( disambiguation ) , the name of three Icelandic islands
Lindy ( disambiguation )
Conway 's Bridge ( aka Conway Bridge or the `` Ragged Arch '' ) is an ornamental rustic arched stone structure close to the River Thames on the estate of Park Place , Berkshire , England .
The bridge was designed by Humphrey Gainsborough , brother of the artist Thomas Gainsborough , and built in 1763 using stones from the ruins of Reading Abbey . The architect was Thomas Pitt , 1st Baron Camelford .
The bridge is named after Henry Seymour Conway ( 1721–1795 ) , a former Governor of Jersey . Conway 's Bridge still carries traffic on the road between Wargrave and Henley-on-Thames . It is Grade II listed .
Conway 's Bridge is built of `` cyclopian '' blocks , imitating rocks . It is around 375 meters south of a grotto and frames the river from the grotto such that the river seems to be immediately beyond the bridge . In reality , the River Thames is around 50 meters from the structure . Proceeding under the bridge from the grotto , there is access to an ornamental lawn by the river , screened from the road by mature trees . Nearby to the bridge , there is an early 19th-century boathouse on the river .
References
External links
Park Place School – History , Archive.org
1763 establishments in England
Bridges completed in 1763
Bridges in Berkshire
Arch bridges in the United Kingdom
Stone bridges in England
Road bridges in England
Grade II listed bridges
Remenham
Henricus Reneri or Renerius ( 1593 , Huy – 20 March 1639 , Utrecht ) was a Dutch philosopher .
Life
Reneri was born at Huy in the Prince-Bishopric of Liège in 1593 . They studied liberal arts at the University of Leuven and attended the Grand Séminaire of Liège . After their conversion to Calvinism in 1616 they went to the Dutch Republic . They studied theology at the Collège Wallon at Leiden , but they broke off their studies in 1621 . The following ten years Reneri worked as a private tutor to the children of several Amsterdam merchant-regents , including Adriaan Pauw . In the meantime they studied medicine at Leiden University . In 1631 they found a position as professor of philosophy at the illustrious school of Deventer , the Illustre Gymnasium . From 1634 they held the same chair at the newly founded illustrious school of Utrecht , which was raised to the status of university in 1636 . They died only three years later , at the age of 46 .
Reneri mainly taught scholastic logic and natural philosophy . Apart from their professorship , they worked on a method of their own in the Ramist tradition . This method met especially with much enthusiasm within the Hartlib circle , the European network around the English pansophist Samuel Hartlib . Furthermore , Reneri was engaged in experiments and inventions in the fields of optics , thermometers , water clocks , alchemy and natural magic .
Reneri was one of the best friends of René Descartes and an admirer of their philosophy . They met during the winter of 1628-1629 and Descartes followed Reneri to Deventer and Utrecht . Reneri is reported to have read the Discours de la Méthode and the accompanying Essais ( including La Géométrie ) publicly in their classes . Nevertheless , Reneri is not to be regarded as a Cartesian philosopher , since their works show little Cartesian influences .
What survives are an inaugural address , several disputations which were presided by him , and a correspondence of more than sixty letters with leading scholars , philosophers , theologians , diplomats and poets from the Republic and abroad , such as André Rivet , Constantijn Huygens , Pierre Gassendi and Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft .
Works
`` De lectionibus ac exercitiis philosophicis '' , Reneri 's inaugural address at the illustrious school of Utrecht
Notes
References
Online primary sources
Letter from Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft to Reneri , 11 May 1637
Letter from Reneri to Hooft , 16 June 1637
Letter from Reneri to Constantijn Huygens , 22 October 1635 ( O.S . )
Letter from Reneri to Huygens , 14 April 1635
Letter from Huygens to Reneri , 29 October 1635
Letter from Huygens to Reneri , 19 December 1637
Letter from Reneri to Huygens , 1 January 1638
Secondary literature
Verbeek , Theo ( 1993 ) . `` Henricus Reneri ( 1593-1639 ) '' . In H.W . Blom , H.A . Krop and M.R . Wielema . ed . Deventer denkers . De geschiedenis van het wijsgerig onderwijs te Deventer . Hilversum : Verloren , pp . 123–134 .
Verbeek , Theo ( 2003 ) . `` Reneri , Henricus '' In Wiep van Bunge , Henri Krop and Bart Leeuwenburgh . ed . The Dictionary of Seventeenth and Eighteenth-Century Dutch Philosophers . Bristol : Thoemmes Press , pp . 824–826 .
External links
`` Henricus Renerius '' entry in Poortman 's Repertorium der Nederlandse Wijsbegeerte
The Correspondence of Henricus Reneri in EMLO
The Correspondence of Henricus Reneri in EMLO
1593 births
1639 deaths
People from Huy
Old University of Leuven alumni
Utrecht University faculty
17th-century Dutch philosophers
17th-century philosophers
Dutch logicians
Natural philosophers
Pacówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Chełm County
`` Feeling So Real '' is a song by American electronica musician Moby . It was released as the second single from their third studio album Everything Is Wrong on October 17 , 1994 . The single peaked at number 30 on the UK Singles Chart and at number nine on the US Billboard Dance Club Songs chart .
The song features the phrases `` sound system rocking my ..... '' ( the full sample saying `` sound system rocking my seat '' ) and `` set it up DJ ! '' spoken by Kochie Banton , who also appears in Moby 's following single , `` Everytime You Touch Me '' . The guest vocalist for the song is Rozz Morehead .
Release
The single 's B-side is Moby 's take on the Joy Division song `` New Dawn Fades '' . It would later be included on the Joy Division tribute album A Means to an End : The Music of Joy Division , and Moby would go on to perform it live with New Order .
The remix CD contains all the separate parts ( vocals , strings , drums , etc . ) for `` Everytime You Touch Me '' . Mute Records and Elektra held a competition where one had to use the parts to create a remix `` in any style you want '' and mail it in on digital audio tape ( DAT ) by November 18 , 1994 . The winning remixes were included on later singles .
Critical reception
Larry Flick from Billboard wrote , `` Leave it to the brilliant mind of Moby to build a bridge uniting rave and classical music . Single has a majestic quality–particularly with its vocals , which have a decidedly operatic bend–that is as interesting to the ear as it is to the body . '' Music writer James Masterton said , `` Few techno singles seem to be complete these days without a gimmick , hence the remixing competition that accompanies this release . '' Pan-European magazine Music & Media commented , `` In '91 , Go their version of the `` Twin Peaks '' theme , portrayed Moby as the cryptic one in the dance sphere . Now he 's as `` vulgarly '' Euro as everybody else , but still with a wink . '' Maria Jimenez stated , `` Injected with virtually every vibe from techno to jungle to pop , Moby 's latest single Feeling So Real ( Mute ) flies high and fast . If it has n't reached your turntable yet , now is as good a time as any to put it on and allow yourself to be energised by the euphenic tone and electrifying sounds . ''
Andy Beevers from Music Week rated the track four out of five . They added , `` The high speed Original Mix of Feeling So Real verges on hardcore and may be the least commercial Moby single for a long while . Slower versions broaden its appeal , but it is unlikely to match the last few releases . '' Tim Jeffery from the magazine 's RM Dance Update deemed it `` another uplifting techno track with vocals from the slightly odd Moby , but does it have to be so fast ? '' Another editor , James Hamilton described it as a `` mind bogglingly frantic yet stratospherically soaring flyer strictly for speed freaks , with sweet girl cooed ' I 'm feeling so real , take me away ' repetition and some ragga 'step it up DJ ' punctuation '' .
Music video
A music video was made to promote the single , directed by Julie Hermelin . It was published on YouTube in March 2009 . The video has amassed almost 2 million views as of September 2021 .
Track listing
CD single
`` Feeling So Real '' – 4:32
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:59
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:47
`` New Dawn Fades '' – 5:31
CD single – remixes
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:53
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:01
`` Feeling So Real '' – 6:46
`` Everytime You Touch Me '' – 4:41
12-inch single
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:53
`` Feeling So Real '' – 4:32
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:01
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:47
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:59
Cassette single
`` Feeling So Real '' – 3:22
`` New Dawn Fades '' – 5:31
CD single
`` Feeling So Real '' – 3:10
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:59
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:47
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:33
`` Feeling So Real '' – 6:46
`` New Dawn Fades '' – 5:31
`` Feeling So Real '' – 4:32
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:01
`` Everytime You Touch Me '' – 4:41
12-inch single
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:47
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:59
`` Feeling So Real '' – 6:46
`` Feeling So Real '' – 5:33
`` Everytime You Touch Me '' – 4:41
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
1994 singles
1994 songs
Moby songs
Songs written by Moby
Mute Records singles
Number-one singles in Finland
Appanoose County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 12,317 . Its county seat is Centerville .
History
Appanoose County was formed on February 17 , 1843 , from open territory . It was named for the Meskwaki Chief Appanoose , who did not engage in war against Black Hawk , advocating peace . The present county seat was formerly called Chaldea , and was later renamed to Senterville in honor of Congressman William Tandy Senter of Tennessee . In April 1848 , the courthouse , constructed at the expense of $ 160 , was put into use and served as such until 1857 . The second courthouse was opened in 1864 , and was burned down to the first floor during an explosive Fourth of July fireworks demonstration . The third courthouse was dedicated on May 21 , 1903 , and remains in use .
In the summer of 1832 a company of cavalry set out from Davenport on a reconnaissance which extended as far west as Fort Leavenworth . They passed through what would become Appanoose County in a nearly southwest direction , passing near the present city of Moulton , camping overnight at a spring southwest of Cincinnati , and leaving the area and crossing into Missouri near the southwest corner of Pleasant Township . Early settlers in search of claims found two trails . The route taken by the cavalrymen and another with a general north–south direction , passing through Washington Township , and known as the bee trace and used in the summer by honey collectors . A post office in Washington Township was called Beetrace . The Beetrace post office was discontinued on March 1 , 1886 . This may have been originally an Indian trail . The first settlers say that it was a tolerably well-defined wagon road as far north as the Beetrace post office and that it could be followed easily into Taylor Township . Another `` bee-trace '' ran from Missouri diagonally through Davis County and terminated near Unionville .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 3.7 % ) is water . Rathbun Reservoir , created by damming the Chariton River , is its main physical feature .
Major highways
Iowa Highway 2
Iowa Highway 5
Iowa Highway 202
Adjacent counties
Monroe County ( north )
Wapello County ( northeast )
Lucas County ( northwest )
Davis County ( east )
Schuyler County , Missouri ( southeast )
Putnam County , Missouri ( southwest )
Wayne County ( west )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 12,317 in the county , with a population density of . 96.66 % of the population reported being of one race . 93.03 % were non-Hispanic White , 0.61 % were Black , 1.88 % were Hispanic , 0.19 % were Native American , 0.57 % were Asian , 0.06 % were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.66 % were some other race or more than one race . There were 6,306 housing units of which 5,320 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 12,884 in the county , with a population density of . There were 6,633 housing units , of which 5,627 were occupied .
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 13,721 people , 5,779 households , and 3,802 families in the county . The population density was 28 people per square mile ( 11/km2 ) . There were 6,697 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile ( 5/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 98.16 % White , 0.42 % Black or African American , 0.17 % Native American , 0.26 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.27 % from other races , and 0.71 % from two or more races . 0.98 % . were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 5,779 households 28.40 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 53.10 % were married couples living together , 8.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 34.20 % were non-families . 29.90 % of households were one person and 15.40 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.89 .
23.70 % of the people are under the age of 18 , 7.80 % from 18 to 24 , 25.10 % from 25 to 44 , 23.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 20.00 % 65 or older . The median age was 41 years . For every 100 females there were 91.50 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 89.50 males .
The median household income was $ 28,612 and the median family income was $ 35,980 . Males had a median income of $ 27,449 versus $ 20,452 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 14,644 . About 10.10 % of families and 14.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 16.00 % of those under age 18 and 14.10 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Centerville
Cincinnati
Exline
Moravia
Moulton
Mystic
Numa
Plano
Rathbun
Udell
Unionville
Townships
Appanoose County is divided into seventeen townships :
Bellair
Caldwell
Chariton
Douglas
Franklin
Independence
Johns
Lincoln
Pleasant
Sharon
Taylor
Udell
Union
Vermillion
Walnut
Washington
Wells
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Appanoose County .
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Appanoose County , Iowa
The Appanoose County Courthouse Article
References
External links
County website
Appanoose Economic Development Corporation
Appanoose County Sheriff 's Office
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
1843 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1843
Andrzejów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately east of Kamień , south-east of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Shershukovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 5 as of 2002 .
Geography
Shershukovskaya is located 17 km southwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Stary Dvor is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Cham law was oral/institutional set of laws of old Cham society and Kingdom of Champa , a Southeast Asian civilization centered around present-day Central Vietnam that had been ceased to exist in 1832 . The date and origins of the Cham law are uncertain .
Remnants of Cham law can be found in the Royal Chronicles of Pāṇḍuraṅga ( Sakkarai dak rai patao ) , which was compiled during the 18th century . The law was implemented and imposed from the upper class , the `` above , '' in contrast to Cham customary law ( adac ) .
References
Legal codes
Champa
Cham
Justice Willard may refer to :
John Willard ( judge ) , justice of the New York Supreme Court , and ex officio an associate judge of the New York Court of Appeals
Ammiel J. Willard , associate justice and Chief Justice on the South Carolina Supreme Court
The term use error has recently been introduced to replace the commonly used terms human error and user error . The new term , which has already been adopted by international standards organizations for medical devices ( see # Use errors in health care below for references ) , suggests that accidents should be attributed to the circumstances , rather than to the human beings who happened to be there .
The need for the terminological change
The term `` use error '' was first used in May 1995 in an MD+DI guest editorial , `` The Issue Is 'Use , ' Not 'User , ' Error '' , by William Hyman . Traditionally , human errors are considered as a special aspect of human factors . Accordingly , they are attributed to the human operator , or user .
When taking this approach , we assume that the system design is perfect , and the only source for the use errors is the human operator . For example , the U.S. Department of Defense ( DoD ) HFACS
classifies use errors attributed to the human operator , disregarding improper design and configuration setting , which often result in missing alarms , or in inappropriate alerting .
The need for changing the term was due to a common malpractice of the stakeholders ( the responsible organizations , the authorities , journalists ) in cases of accidents . Instead of investing in fixing the error-prone design , management attributed the error to the users .
The need for the change has been pointed out by the accident investigators :
Early in 1983 , Erik Hollnagel pointed out that the term Human Error refers to the outcome , not to the cause . A user action is typically classified as an error only if the results are painful
In the story `` Leap of Faith '' of their book `` Set Phasers on Stun '' , Steve Casey suggested that the accident of the Indian Airlines Flight 605 near Bangalor in 1990 could have been avoided , should the investigators of the Air France Flight 296 accident of 1988 past the Mulhouse-Habsheim airport considered the circumstances ( exceptional situation ) , rather than the pilots ( human errors ) .
In their book `` Managing the Risks of Organizational Accidents '' ( Organizational models of accidents ) James Reason explained and demonstrated that often , the circumstances for accidents could have been controlled by the responsible organization , and not by the operators .
In their book `` The Field Guide to Understanding Human Errors '' , Sidney Dekker argued that blaming the operators according to `` The Old View '' results in defensive behavior of operators , which hampers the efforts to learn from near-misses and from accidents .
Use errors vs. force majeure
A mishap is typically considered as either a use error or a force majeure :
A use error is a mishap in which a human operator is involved . Typically , such mishaps are attributed to the failure of the human operator
A force majeure is a mishap that does not involve a human being in the chain of events preceding the event .
Use errors in health care
In 1998 , Cook , Woods and Miller presented the concept of hindsight bias , exemplified by celebrated accidents in medicine , by a workgroup on patient safety .
The workgroup pointed at the tendency to attribute accidents in health care to isolated human failures .
They provide references to early research about the effect of knowledge of the outcome , which was unavailable beforehand , on later judgement about the processes that led up to that outcome . They explain that in looking back , we tend to oversimplify the situation that the actual practitioners faces . They conclude focusing on the hindsight knowledge prevents our understanding of the richer story , the circumstances of the human error .
According to this position , the term Use Error is formally defined in several international standards , such as IEC 62366 , ISO 14155 and ISO 14971 , to describe
an act or omission of an act that results in a different medical device response than intended by the manufacturer or expected by the user .
ISO standards about medical devices and procedures provide examples of use errors , which are attributed to human factors , include slips , lapses and mistakes . Practically , this means that they are attributed to the user , implying the user 's accountability .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration glossary of medical devices provides the following explanation about this term :
`` Safe and effective use of a medical device means that users do not make errors that lead to injury and they achieve the desired medical treatment . If safe and effective use is not achieved , use error has occurred . Why and how use error occurs is a human factors concern . ''
With this interpretation by ISO and the FDA , the term use error is actually synonymous with user error .
Another approach , which distinguishes 'use errors ' from 'user errors ' , is taken by IEC 62366 . Annex A includes an explanation justifying the new term :
`` This International Standard uses the concept of use error . This term was chosen over the more commonly used term of `` human error '' because not all errors associated with the use of medical device are the result of oversight or carelessness of the part of the user of the medical device . Much more commonly , use errors are the direct result of poor user interface design . ''
This explanation complies with `` The New View '' , which Sidney Dekker suggested as an alternative to `` The Old View '' . This interpretation favors investigations intended to understand the situation , rather than blaming the operators .
In a 2011 report draft on health IT usability , the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) defines `` use error '' in healthcare IT this way : `` Use error is a term used very specifically to refer to user interface designs that will engender users to make errors of commission or omission . It is true that users do make errors , but many errors are due not to user error per se but due to designs that are flawed , e.g. , poorly written messaging , misuse of color-coding conventions , omission of information , etc . `` .
Example of user error
An example of an accident due to a user error is the ecological disaster of 1967 caused by the Torrey Canyon supertanker . The accident was due to a combination of several exceptional events , the result of which was that the supertanker was heading directly to the rocks . At that point , the captain failed to change the course because the steering control lever was inadvertently set to the Control position , which disconnected the rudder from the wheel at the helm .
Examples of user failure to handle system failure
Examples of the second type are the Three Mile Island accident described above , the NYC blackout following a storm and the chemical plant disaster in Bhopal , India ( Bhopal Disaster ) .
Classifying use errors
The URM Model characterizes use errors in terms of the user 's failure to manage a system deficiency . Six categories of use errors are described in a URM document :
Expected faults with risky results ;
Expected faults with unexpected results ;
Expected user errors in identifying risky situations ( this study ) ;
User Errors in handling expected faults ;
Expected errors in function selection ;
Unexpected faults , due to operating in exceptional states .
Critics
Erik Hollnagel argues that going from and 'old ' view to a 'new ' view is not enough . One should go all the way to a 'no ' view . This means that the notion of error , whether user error or use error might be destructive rather than constructive .
Instead , they propose to focus on the performance variability of everyday actions , on the basis that this performance variability is both useful and necessary . In most cases the result is that things go right , in a few cases that things go wrong . But the reason is the same .
Hollnagel expanded on this in their writings about the efficiency–thoroughness trade-off principle
of Resilience Engineering ,
and the Resilient Health Care Net .
References
External links
IEC 62366:2015 - Medical devices -- Application of usability engineering to medical devices
Nancy Leveson home page
Usability
Safety
Accidents
Error
Computing terminology
Pseudoharpax virescens , common name Gambian spotted-eye flower mantis , is a species of praying mantis native to western , central and eastern Africa .
It takes its name from two eye spots on the dorsal side of the abdomen of adult females .
Description
Pseudoharpax virescens mimic flowers . They are mostly white with green wings and have pointy eyes . Pseudoharpax virescens are small for a mantis , around 3 centimeters in length as adults . 1st instar nymphs are almost 4 millimeters in length . The color of Pseudoharpax virescens eyes change night to day . At night their eyes are dark red , during the day their eyes are light green . Oothecae can be 5 millimeters to 15 millimeters long .
Sexual dimorphism
Females are usually about 28 millimeters in length , while males are usually about 25 millimeters . Females have short antennae , while males have long and red antennae . Females are bulkier than males . Eight segments can be counted on the underside of the abdomen of a male and six on that of the female . Females have two dots on their abdomens as adults , while males , whose abdomens are thin and covered completely by their wings when looked at from above , appear to have none .
Subspecies
There are two subspecies in this species .
P. v. centralis ( La Greca , 1954 ) - found in central and eastern Africa
P. v. virescens ( Serville , 1839 ) - found in western and central Africa
Captivity
These praying mantises are kept and bred in the pet mantis hobby . They are relatively tolerant of different temperatures and humidity levels , a temperature of about 100 degrees Fahrenheit being suitable for these insects .
This mantis breeds rapidly , with females able to lay an ootheca every 3 to 4 days at high temperature .
Pseudoharpax virescens can live together without much cannibalism or maybe none when a reliable food source is present . They are very fast and skittish when they are young nymph , but when they get older , they are rather calm . Adult males are skittish and are strong fliers . Pseudoharpax virescens sway sideways in the wind to imitate foliage and they move their antennae back and forth very fast while moving around . They are aggressive predators , with adult females willing to tackle prey as large as themselves . Males are more timid so they need smaller prey items than females will take .
See also
List of mantis genera and species
Flower mantis
References
Hymenopodidae
Mantodea of Africa
Insects described in 1839
Florin Lovin ( born 11 February 1982 ) is a Romanian former professional footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder .
Club career
Lovin played for FCM Bacău between 2001 and 2005 , prior to joining Steaua București . They made their Divizia A debut on 25 May 2002 in the FCM Bacău 1–2 defeat at FC National . As of 1 January 2008 , they played 132 games in Liga I 'm scoring three goals .
On 7 July 2008 , Steaua 's coach Marius Lăcătuş sent Lovin to Steaua II București for the indiscipline during training . Steaua 's board have announced that Lovin has been transfer-listed . On 8 July 2008 Gigi Becali said that they would not let Lovin go for less than €800 000 . On 23 July 2008 , Steaua 's coach called them back to first team . In 2009–10 , Lovin was demoted to the B squad again . On 20 July 2009 , Lovin was transferred to TSV 1860 Munich .
On 12 September 2009 , Lovin suffered a serious injury during a clash with Youssef Mokhtari in the TSV 1860 Munich-Greuther Fürth match . They suffered a ligament break , which kept them off the field for half a year . After completing 26 matches for the TSV 1860 during the 2010–11 season , their contract was terminated .
They signed a three-year contract with Greek Super League side Kerkyra in July 2011 but their contract terminated in December 2011 .
Honours
Steaua București
Liga I : 2004–05 , 2005–06
Supercupa României : 2006
Astra Giurgiu
Liga I : 2015–16
Supercupa României : 2016
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Piatra Neamț
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
FCM Bacău players
FC Steaua București players
CS Concordia Chiajna players
FC Astra Giurgiu players
Liga II players
FC Steaua II București players
2 . Bundesliga players
TSV 1860 Munich players
Super League Greece players
A.O . Kerkyra players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Kapfenberger SV players
SV Mattersburg players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Norfolk Football Club was an English football club based in the Norfolk Park suburb of Sheffield . It played Sheffield rules football from its foundation in 1861 until that code merged with association football in 1877 , and association football thereafter until its demise some time in or after 1881 .
Norfolk finished second in the 1867 Youdan Cup . The club was responsible for proposing the introduction of the corner-kick into Sheffield Rules in 1868 ; the corner would subsequently be introduced into association football in 1872 .
In 1880 , the club reported to the Football Annual that it had moved away from its ground in Norfolk Park to Quibell 's Field , near Hyde Park . The last known reference to the club in the press dates from 1881 .
Notes
References
Football clubs in England
Association football clubs established in 1861
1861 establishments in England
Sports teams and clubs in Sheffield
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct football clubs in South Yorkshire
Association football clubs disestablished in 1881
Municipal elections were held in the Canadian province of British Columbia on November 19 , 2011 . Races were held in all municipalities and regional district electoral areas .
Selected mayoral races are as follows :
Abbotsford
Burnaby
Campbell River
Castlegar
Central Saanich
Chilliwack
Coldstream
Colwood
Comox
Coquitlam
Courtenay
Cranbrook
Dawson Creek
Delta
Esquimalt
Fort St. John
Hope
Kamloops
Kelowna
Lake Country
Langford
Langley ( city )
Langley Township
Mel Kositsky announced that they would run for mayor on September 11 , 2011 . In November , there was a political debate between the mayoral candidates for both Langley City and Langley Township . Kositsky spent $ 70,254 on their political campaign , while Jack Froese , who won the election , had spent $ 79,533 .
Maple Ridge
Mission
Nanaimo
Nelson
New Westminster
North Cowichan
North Saanich
North Vancouver City
North Vancouver District
Oak Bay
Parksville
Penticton
Pitt Meadows
Port Alberni
Port Coquitlam
Port Moody
Powell River
Prince George
Prince Rupert
Richmond
Saanich
Salmon Arm
Sidney
Smithers
Sooke
Squamish
Summerland
Surrey
The main opposition party , the Surrey Civic Coalition did not field a mayoral candidate against Watts . They did run a slate for city council , however , but did not win any seats .
Terrace
Vancouver
Vernon
Victoria
West Kelowna
West Vancouver
Williams Lake
White Rock
References
Bibliography
CivicInfo BC
Unofficial results
2011 elections in Canada
Municipal elections in British Columbia
2011 in British Columbia
Oliver Bogner ( born February 11 , 1993 ) is an American television producer for All3Media America , a part of Discovery Communications .
Bogner has been profiled by the Los Angeles Times , Forbes Magazine , USA Today , Elite Daily , the OC Register , and has been listed twice in Forbes on its `` Hollywood 30 Under 30 Power List '' , in January 2013 and January 2014 . Forbes also profiled Bogner as the youngest reality television producer in Hollywood .
Education
Bogner attended Chapman University .
References
1993 births
Living people
American television producers
Chapman University alumni
Thilan Manjith Wijesinghe is a Sri Lankan financier , entrepreneur , former cricketer and musician .
They are currently the Chairman of TWCorp ( Pvt ) Ltd. and Sapphirus Lanka ( Pvt ) Ltd .. Thilan was formerly the Chairman and acting CEO of the National Agency for Public Private Partnerships of the Finance Ministry of Sri Lanka from 2017 to 2019 , and Digital Commerce Lanka ( Pvt ) Ltd. which owns www.wow.lk , the largest online mall in Sri Lanka .
They are well known as a former chairperson of the Board of Investment of Sri Lanka .
Education
Thilan had their secondary education at Ananda College , Colombo and then pursued their university studies in the United States , obtaining three bachelor 's degrees in 1984 in Business Administration from State University of New York at Fredonia , Industrial Engineering and Economics both from Cornell University .
Career
Upon returning to Sri Lanka in 1985 after the completion of their studies in the United States , Thilan functioned as Senior Management Consultant specialising in strategy and market research consulting at Price Waterhouse Coopers , Colombo . They then joined as Head of Corporate Planning at Sampath Bank in 1989 .
In January 1992 , they pursued their entrepreneurial interests by co-founding Asia Capital Ltd , which became Sri Lanka 's largest investment bank . During their tenure , Asia Capital grew from its initial investment of into a company with a market capitalisation of by August 1994 , ranking among the top 10 companies listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange . The company was Sri Lanka 's top stock broker in terms of market share in 1993 and 1994 and responsible for several landmark corporate finance transactions .
Thilan was a key initiator in successfully launching the Regent Sri Lanka Fund in 1993 , the first ever country fund dedicated to Sri Lankan equities . They served on the Board of this Dublin-listed company for 3 years . Thilan sold their entire equity holding in Asia Capital in 1996 in view of the poor capital market outlook in the country at the time .
Thilan 's success as an investment banker attracted the attention of the political leadership and , in September 1995 , they were invited by the then President of Sri Lanka Chandrika Kumaratunga to the position of chairperson and Director General of the Board of Investment ( BOI ) , a statutory body directly under the President mandate with mobilising and facilitating foreign direct investment and private local capital into priority sectors of the economy . They became the youngest ever ( at 35 ) , the longest serving ( 5 ½ years ) and the first private sector full-time head of this prestigious public institution . Whilst at the BOI , they established many `` firsts '' including pioneering privatisation and investment transactions in ports , power and telecom sectors , housing development , software and IT , including co-founding the Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology , now Sri Lanka 's largest IT University by far . They serve this institute as Director for life . During their term , the BOI attracted the highest ever quantum of foreign direct investment in 1999 and enhanced its infrastructure investment budget 10-fold .
In 2002 Thilan decided on a change of career focus from investment banking to property and leisure development to pursue their passion for design and architecture . For 2 years they functioned as co-CEO of Sri Lanka 's largest listed property and hotel company , Asian Hotels Corporation Ltd ( AHC ) . They directed the master planning of AHC 's property in Colombo 3 ( including creation of the blueprint for an apartment tower which sold successfully ) and the landmark merger between AHC and its subsidiary Crescat Development Ltd . This was followed by the successful sale of majority control of this Group to John Keells Holdings , Sri Lanka 's largest conglomerate . During their tenure AHC achieved a 400 % rise in share price and 300 % rise in profitability .
Having opted to pursue entrepreneurial interests after the sale of AHC , in 2004 , Thilan chose to partner with MJF Group , makers of Dilmah Tea , among top 5 global brands of tea , to set up a chain of exclusive resort hotels in Sri Lanka . They then founded Sri Lanka 's first hotel management company specialising in managing small luxury resorts and spas and co-founded Ceylon Tea Trails , now widely regarded as Sri Lanka 's most successful boutique hotel , having won Tripadvisor awards for `` Best All-inclusive Hotel ( World ) '' category for 2009 , 2010 and 2011 .
They were instrumental in identifying and procuring a 500-acre land bank for future resort and holiday villa developments and played an active role in creation of The Fortress , currently among the top small luxury hotels in Sri Lanka 's south coast .
Thilan was concurrently appointed Group CEO/managing director of Forbes & Walker ( F & W ) Group , a subsidiary of MJF Group , and Sri Lanka 's largest commodity broker . During their 5-year tenure at F & W ending 2009 , the Group 's turnover tripled , profits increased at annual growth rate of 45 % and shareholder wealth increased 4-fold . Thilan exited their investment and CEO position in F & W in January 2010 , though they continue to serve as non-executive Director of MJF 's leisure management and development businesses . They are also a Director of www.srilankainstyle.com , Sri Lanka 's premier travel planning and ground handling company catering to up-market tourists .
In January 2010 , Thilan was invited to the position of Group managing director of Overseas Realty ( Ceylon ) PLC ( ORC ) by its chairperson , Mr. S.P.Tao , a pioneering property developer in Singapore and former Chairman of Singapore Land . ORC owns Sri Lanka 's largest modern office building , the World Trade Centre ( WTC ) , and Colombo city 's largest contiguous block of residential and commercial land , the 18 acre Havelock City property , which is currently being developed into an integrated mixed development . Under Thilan 's leadership , for period ending 2nd quarter 2010 , the Group achieved robust growth in office rental rates ( up 30 % ) , office rental commitments ( up 800 % ) and new apartment sales ( up 500 % ) , compared to the 6 months ending December 2009 . Thilan relinquished their position at ORC in August 2010 to pursue entrepreneurial interests .
Having headed Sri Lanka 's two largest listed property companies , to leverage on their combined skills in property and corporate finance , Thilan has recently incorporated a property investment and Development Management company , TW Corp , functioning as its chairperson .
Thilan has also incubated and co-invested in several pioneering start-up ventures : namely , Sapphirus Lanka , a company that is adding value to Sri Lankan sapphire and marketing them to premium jewellers such as Tiffany and Cartier ; Anything.lk , Sri Lanka 's largest daily-deal based e-commerce company . Thilan is the Chairman of these companies and also serves as Director of several other private and public companies in a non-executive capacity .
Cricket
During their schooldays they represented Ananda College , Colombo first XI cricket team and later they went on to play cricket for Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club , Colombo . They represented Sri Lanka A .
Thilan was the youngest and the second Anandian since 1932 ever to score a century at the Battle of the Maroons . This superlative innings established many records : the highest ever score up till then by an Anandian , the second centurion ever from Ananda in 44 years and a record opening stand of 166 with Sidath Wettimuny .
They started playing cricket when they were 9 for the under 12 team . One of their earliest cricketing memories was their father Thilak Wijesinghe , who was also an Anandian and an avid cricketer enthusiast himself , bowling tennis balls at him .
Thilan subsequently captained the Under 13 age group and all age groups thereafter . They hold the distinction of playing for the 1st XI Ananda Team at the age of 13 years .
They got their first 50 in a Big Match in 1975 . This was also the year of the inaugural Ananda-Nalanda 50-over encounter ; they got 76 runs and helped Ananda to win . Thilan was selected Best Schoolboy Batsman and toured Pakistan with the Sri Lanka Under 19 team in 1976 . At the Ananda-Nalanda 50 over match in 1977 , they scored a half century , got 2 wickets , took 2 catches and ran out 2 batsmen . At the end of the match , they walked away with all the awards – the best batsman , the best bowler , the best fielder and Man-of-the-Match – every award that was on offer .
Thilan captained Ananda in the 50th Battle of the Maroons . During the 6 years they played for the first XI team , Thilan established the record for the highest run aggregate for an Anandian in both the Battle of the Maroons Series and the One Day Series .
Thilan 's heroics at cricket extended to the Inter Club theatre as well . They debuted at the P. Saravanamuttu Trophy Division 1 Tournament for the Tamil Union Cricket Club at the age of 15 and scored their maiden century the same year , in 1975 . That year , theirs was the only Singhalese name on the team card .
Having given up cricket after the 1979 Big Match , opting to study in the United States at Cornell University over playing for Sri Lanka , which was not yet a test playing Nation at the time , Thilan returned to cricket after a complete absence from the game for 5 years . In 1991 Thilan was picked as Skipper of the Sri Lanka `` A '' team for matches against Pakistan `` A '' and England `` A '' . They were given the captaincy of the Sri Lanka `` A '' Team .
In the year 1992 Thilan permanently retired from all competitive cricket , having chosen to pursue entrepreneurial interests as a co-founder of Asia Capital PLC .
Music
Thilan was born into a musical family . Their maternal grand uncles were musicians who used to meet up at Thilan 's mother 's family house when they were young . They congregated around a piano and sang songs for three-hour-long sessions . Young Thilan in their six or seven years , was influenced by these musical rituals where one of their granduncles would be on the piano , another on the piano accordion , another on a guitar and another on a harmonica . Since they all played by ear , never having had formal music lessons in their lives , young Thilan too watched their performance and learned the art of how to create a fine rhythm by piano and later by guitar and harmonica . Since their ability on music was found by their mother , they sent them for a proper piano lesson .
Thilan originally composed the song , The Loss of Innocence .
Album discography
The Loss of Innocence ( 2002 ) ( as a member and co-founder of the band Alien Accent )
References
External links
Thilan Wijesinghe : Walking Tall
Thilan 's Reinvention as an Entrepreneur
WoW.lk billed to be Lanka 's largest online mall
50th Battle of the Maroons
Thilan Wijesinghe Speaks – An interview with Sri Lankan cricketer of yesteryears
TWCorp
Sapphirus Lanka
www.wow.lk
Living people
Sinhalese businesspeople
Alumni of Ananda College
Tamil Union Cricket and Athletic Club cricketers
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sinhalese musicians
Sri Lankan composers
Sri Lankan singer-songwriters
Sri Lankan lyricists
Sri Lankan pianists
Cornell University College of Engineering alumni
State University of New York at Fredonia alumni
Chief executives in the finance industry
Private equity and venture capital investors
Stock and commodity market managers
Financial advisors
21st-century pianists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Feaella affinis is a species of arachnid in the order Pseudoscorpiones . It is endemic to Seychelles , where it is known from the islands of Silhouette , Praslin , and La Digue .
This species lives in woodland habitat under leaf litter . Some of its habitat is degraded , but it is not considered to be of conservation concern .
References
External links
Hallan , J. Pseudoscorpionida
Feaellidae
Endemic fauna of Seychelles
Animals described in 1911
Peter Voss , Thief of Millions or The Man Without a Name ( German : Der Mann ohne Namen ) is a 1921 German silent adventure film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Harry Liedtke , Paul Otto , and Mady Christians . It was released in six separate parts . A number of such serials were made during the early Weimar Republic , including Joe May 's The Mistress of the World .
It is based on the novel Peter Voss , Thief of Millions by Ewald Gerhard Seeliger which has been adapted for the screen a number of times . The film 's sets were designed by the art director Kurt Richter . It was shot at the Tempelhof Studios with extensive location filming taking place in Denmark , Italy , Spain , Morocco , and Dalmatia .
Cast
Harry Liedtke as Peter Voß
Paul Otto as Alexander Voss
Jakob Tiedtke as Frederik Nissen
Mady Christians as Gert
Lori Leux as Mabel
Georg Alexander as Bobby Dodd
Erich Kaiser-Titz as Prinz Abdul Hassan / Pol , Stierkämpfer
Karl Harbacher as James Morton
Edith Meller as Conchita
Tzwetta Tzatschewa as Roschana
Louis Brody as Bill Burns
Heinrich Marlow
Charles Puffy
Hermann Picha
Henry Bender
Ferdinand von Alten
Hubert von Meyerinck
Gustav Botz
Blandine Ebinger
Albert Paulig
Bruno Lopinski
Paul Biensfeldt
Paul Morgan
References
External links
1921 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Georg Jacoby
German silent feature films
1921 adventure films
German adventure films
UFA GmbH films
German black-and-white films
Films shot at Tempelhof Studios
Films based on German novels
Silent adventure films
Naša TV was a Herzegovinian/Bosnian local commercial cable television channel based in Mostar , Bosnia and Herzegovina . Television channel is launched in March 2016 and it produces in Croatian . `` Naša TV '' literally means `` Our TV '' , in Croatian .
Naša TV is available via cable systems throughout the Bosnia and Herzegovina and target audience is in Herzegovina-Neretva Canton , West Herzegovina and Canton 10 , Central Bosnia and Posavina Canton and part of Sarajevo Canton .
External links
Official website of Naša TV
Naša TV in Facebook
Communications Regulatory Agency of Bosnia and Herzegovina
References
Defunct television channels in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Television channels and stations established in 2016
The Abu Dhabi Grand Prix ( ) is a Formula One motor racing event . It was announced in early 2007 at the Abu Dhabi F1 Festival in the United Arab Emirates . The first race took place on 1 November 2009 , held at the Hermann Tilke-designed Yas Marina Circuit .
On 25 June 2008 the FIA announced the provisional Formula One calendar including the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix as the 19th and final race of the season on 15 November . On 5 November 2008 , however , it was announced that the race would be held as the season finale on 1 November , two weeks before the initially planned date , as the 17th and final race . The event has been held every year since , and is due to take place at the Yas Marina Circuit until at least 2030 .
The inaugural race was Formula One 's first day–night race , starting at 17:00 local time . Floodlights used to illuminate the circuit were switched on from the start of the event to ensure a seamless transition from daylight to darkness . Subsequent Abu Dhabi Grands Prix have also been day–night races .
History
Origin
Formula 1 first came to Abu Dhabi in 2007 in the guise of the first Formula One Festival . Announced in January 2007 , the event which took place on 3 February 2007 was free , and the largest gathering of current Formula One cars and drivers outside of a Grand Prix . At the festival it was announced that Abu Dhabi had won the rights to host a Grand Prix from 2009 until 2016 . Later that year , Etihad Airways negotiated a three-year deal for them to become sponsors of the Grand Prix . In 2021 , an extended 10-year agreement was signed between Abu Dhabi Motorsports Management and the Formula One Group . The event , which will continue to be hosted at Yas Marina Circuit , retains the contractual right to hold final race of the F1 season for the next decade .
Inaugural Grand Prix ( 2009 )
For the season , the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was added to the schedule . It was provisionally announced as being held on 15 November 2009 , as the 19th and final Grand Prix of the season . Both the Canadian Grand Prix and French Grand Prix were later removed from the provisional schedule , and as a result the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was moved to 1 November 2009 where it would become the last of 17 meetings . In August 2009 , it was announced that the start time would be 17:00 local time ( 13:00 UTC ) , and that the race would be floodlit . The race was won by Sebastian Vettel for Red Bull Racing .
2010
For the season , the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was held on the Yas Marina Circuit , for the weekend of 12 , 13 , 14 November 2010 . The Drivers ' Championship was decided in Abu Dhabi for the first time . With championship leader Fernando Alonso losing out and Sebastian Vettel completing their second consecutive win on this track , the young German driver subsequently sealed the world championship .
2011
The 2011 Grand Prix was the 18th and penultimate race of the 2011 FIA Formula One World Championship , and took place on 13 November .
The race was won by Lewis Hamilton in a McLaren-Mercedes . Second was Fernando Alonso in a Ferrari , with Jenson Button coming third in a McLaren-Mercedes . Sebastian Vettel , in a Red Bull-Renault , had been on pole position , but retired after a puncture on the first lap whilst going round the second corner .
2012
Championship leader Sebastian Vettel finished the race in 3rd position after starting from the pitlane , due to their disqualification from qualifying due to not having enough fuel to return to parc fermé . Their main championship rival Fernando Alonso finished 2nd behind the Finnish driver Kimi Räikkönen , who won for the first time after their return to Formula One earlier in 2012 .
2013
The race was won by Sebastian Vettel and Red Bull Racing for the third time , leading every lap . Having clinched their fourth consecutive Drivers ' and Constructors ' Championships respectively at the Indian Grand Prix , the team celebrated their achievements in Abu Dhabi with David Coulthard performing some doughnuts on the helipad of the Burj Al Arab luxury hotel in Dubai , above ground level .
2014
The 2014 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix took place on 23 November and was the concluding race of the 2014 FIA Formula One World Championship .
Double points were awarded for the race , which was won by Lewis Hamilton , securing their second Drivers ' Championship .
2015
The 2015 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was held on 29 November 2015 . The race was won by Nico Rosberg making it three wins in a row with Lewis Hamilton and Kimi Räikkönen completing the podium .
2016
The 2016 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was held on 27 November 2016 . The race was won by Lewis Hamilton making it four wins in a row with Nico Rosberg and Sebastian Vettel completing the podium and Rosberg securing their one and only Drivers ' Championship .
2017
The 2017 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was held on 26 November 2017 . The race was won by Valtteri Bottas , with Lewis Hamilton in second and Sebastian Vettel completing the podium .
2018
The 2018 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was held on 25 November 2018 . The race was won by Lewis Hamilton , with Sebastian Vettel in second and Max Verstappen completing the podium .
2019
The 2019 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was held on 1 December 2019 . The race was won by six-time champion Lewis Hamilton , with Max Verstappen in second and Charles Leclerc in third .
2020
The 2020 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was scheduled for 29 November but the race was moved to 13 December to allow the Bahrain Grand Prix to run after their race was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic . The race was won by Max Verstappen , with Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton finishing second and third respectively .
2021
The 2021 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was held on 12 December 2021 . Max Verstappen won their first World Drivers ' Championship by finishing first , followed by Lewis Hamilton in second , and Carlos Sainz Jr. in third . Mercedes won their 8th consecutive Constructors ' Championship , followed closely by Red Bull Racing in second . Verstappen 's race and championship win was mired in controversy after Mercedes initially intended to appeal results on the grounds that Michael Masi may have used the incorrect procedure for withdrawing the safety car prior to resuming racing on the final lap of the race and Mercedes subsequently dropped their appeal . The FIA launched an inquiry into the events of the race and clarified the safety car rules . In addition , Michael Masi was replaced by Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas .
Circuit
The Yas Marina Circuit was designed by Hermann Tilke and is located on Yas Island – a island on the east coast of Abu Dhabi . The 2009 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was the first major event to take place on the circuit .
In June 2021 , Saif Al Noaimi , acting CEO of Abu Dhabi Motorsports Management , announced that modifications to the track 's Grand Prix layout had been approved , with the modifications being completed in time for the 2021 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . The turn 5/6 chicane and turn 7 hairpins were replaced by a single , widened hairpin , now turn 5 ; the triple chicane and 90 degree left hander at turns 11-14 were replaced by a single , sweeping banked curve , now turn 9 ; and the radiuses of turns 17–19 ( now 12-14 ) , and the penultimate turn 20 ( now 15 ) , were widened to allow cars to carry more speed through the third sector .
Gallery
Winners
Repeat winners ( drivers )
Drivers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season .
Repeat winners ( constructors )
Teams in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season .
Repeat winners ( engine manufacturers )
Manufacturers in bold are competing in the Formula One championship in the current season .
By year
References
External links
Formula 1 Etihad Airways Abu Dhabi Grand Prix 2019
Abu Dhabi Grand Prix pole position to Lewis Hamilton
Abu Dhabi to host Formula 1 Grand Prix in 2009 | Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
Formula 1 Etihad Airways Abu Dhabi Grand Prix
Abu Dhabi to Host Formula 1 Grand Prix in 2009
Latest News
Abu Dhabi to stage 2009 F1 finale
Abu Dhabi Grand Prix 2018 – Yas Marina Circuit
Formula One Grands Prix
Recurring sporting events established in 2009
2009 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Betty Lavonne Grissom ( née Moore ; August 8 , 1927 – October 7 , 2018 ) was the plaintiff in a successful lawsuit against a NASA contractor which established a precedent for families of astronauts killed in service to receive compensation . Them husband Gus Grissom , one of the Mercury Seven astronauts , died in the first fatal accident in the history of the United States space program . Ms. Grissom has been portrayed in the books The Right Stuff ( 1979 ) by Tom Wolfe and The Astronaut Wives Club ( 2013 ) by Lily Koppel and by the actors Veronica Cartwright and JoAnna Garcia in the film and television adaptations of those books .
Early life
Betty Lavonne Moore was born in 1927 in Mitchell , Indiana to Claude and Pauline ( née Sutherlin ) Moore . Them father worked at a cement plant . They met Gus Grissom when they were a first-year student and they were a sophomore in high school . The two were married in 1945 . Grissom worked as a late-night telephone operator for Indiana Bell while their husband studied mechanical engineering at Purdue University . Gus was selected as an astronaut after flying over a hundred combat missions in Korea . They became one of the Mercury Seven and was the second American in space . Betty Grissom formed the Astronaut Wives Club along with the wives of the other Mercury 7 astronauts , to support one another while their husbands prepared for and achieved spaceflight .
Husband 's death and aftermath
On January 27 , 1967 , Gus Grissom , along with fellow astronauts Roger Chaffee and Ed White , died when an electrical fire engulfed the Apollo 1 command module during testing at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida . When Ms. Grissom received the news they said that they had `` already died 100,000 deaths '' being married to an astronaut . Investigations concluded that the `` most probable '' cause of the fire was an electrical spark that set ablaze flammable insulation in the capsule , exacerbated by the pure oxygen atmosphere . Escape was prevented by a plug hatch that was impossible to open against the above-atmospheric pressure inside the cabin . These design flaws were fixed by NASA before the next crewed mission .
In 1971 Grissom filed a $ 10 million wrongful death lawsuit against the Apollo program 's prime contractor , North American Rockwell . In 1972 , they settled for $ 350,000 , which adjusted for inflation , would be worth nearly $ 3 million in 2018 . As a result of their legal action the widows of Chaffee and White received $ 125,000 apiece . Following the Challenger explosion of 1986 , Grissom encouraged the families of crew members killed in the incident to file lawsuits . Grissom 's lawyer , Ronald D. Krist , went on to represent Cheryl McNair , widow of astronaut Ronald McNair , in their lawsuit against Morton Thiokol , the manufacturer of the solid rocket booster blamed for the Challenger accident .
In 1984 , Grissom and the six surviving Mercury 7 astronauts created the Mercury 7 Foundation , later renamed the Astronaut Scholarship Foundation , which provides scholarships for science and engineering students .
References
1927 births
2018 deaths
People from Mitchell , Indiana
Apollo 1
Betty
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
King Sejong Institute ( ) is the brand name of Korean-language institutes established by the South Korean government around the world since 2007 . The institute 's name refers to Sejong the Great , the inventor of the Korean alphabet . As of June 2021 , there were 234 King Sejong Institutes in 82 countries .
Background
Early Korean language teaching
Hangul , the Korean alphabet , is the written form of the official Korean language and has been used by Koreans since its creation in 1446 by Sejong the Great of the Joseon Dynasty . Most Korean language learning institutions outside Korea targeted second or third generation descendants of Korean immigrants , while Korean-language learners in South Korea were mostly foreign students , migrant workers , or spouses of Koreans .
Rising numbers of Korean learners
The last twenty years has seen a rise in interest and demand for the Korean language due to cultural and commercial globalisation and the Internet/Communications Revolution . International interest in Korean culture such as dramas and music has increased tremendously , especially in Asia , leading to what has been termed the `` Korean Wave '' . This has been accompanied by an increase in foreign students studying in Korea . Demographically there has also been an increase in marriages between Koreans and foreigners .
With the increase in international cooperation and business , the South Korean government has been striving to standardize the names of locations , people , and other proper nouns in Hangul . Also , there was a need for more up-to-date Korean dictionaries , as most were made during the 1990s .
Establishment of `` Sejonghakdang ''
With such demand , the South Korean government established the concept of `` Sejonghakdang '' so as to provide integrated and standardised information and service for learning the Korean language as well as to coordinate and expand the institutes where people can learn or teach it . The Sejonghakdang will be developed as the brand commonly used by all Korean language education institutes . The South Korean government has recently launched its homepage at Sejonghakdang.org in Korean and English . Following enactment of Framework Act on National Language in 2011 , the King Sejong Institute Foundation ( KSIF ) was founded in the following year as an central organisation responsible for running the Institutes and their programmes . Song Hyang-keun served as the first president of KSIF from October 2012 to July 2018 and Kang Hyounhwa serves its second president from September 2018 .
Logo
Sejonghakdang is represented its symbol as shown . The shape < ㅎ > symbolizes hangul and the shape on the left shoulder of ㅎ means the name and the initial of each city where the institute is located . The example here is Sejonghakdang in Seoul ( Hangul : 서울 ) , having ' ㅅ ' on the left shoulder which indicates the first hangul letter of '서울 ' .
Activities
Integration and expansion of Hangul Institutes
The South Korean government integrated the Korean Language Institutes being called with various names into one brand `` Sejonghakdang '' . For a short-term strategy , the government is to encourage using the name `` Sejonghakdang '' and the standard textbook and course , while reviewing a long-term strategy to run an integrated language institute .
144 institutes have been established by the year 2016 . Nine more institutes have been newly established in countries such as Latvia , Myanmar , Bahrain . In 2018 , a new institute was added in the United States in Irvine , California .
The `` Sejonghakdang '' headquarters office was established in 2012 to systematically support the institutes around the world . The office works to be the focal point that connects the institutes around the world .
Nuri-Sejonghakdang
Nuri-Sejonghakdang is a website providing a remote education system and integrated information service related to Korean language study for Hangul learners and teachers . It is a Korean study website built jointly by various ministries within the South Korean government , including the Ministry of Culture , Sports and Tourism , Ministry of Education , Science , and Technology , Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade , Ministry of Health and Welfare , Ministry of Justice , and National Institute of the Korean Language , National Institute for International Education , The Overseas Koreans Foundation and International Korean Language Foundation with Presidential Council on Nation Branding as the main contributor .
Nuri-Sejonghakdang followed a three-step plan from 2009 to 2011 as below .
Nuri-Sejonghakdang provides its services to Korean language institutes throughout the world , foreigners who wish to learn the Korean language , and teachers and future teachers of the Korean language . It is still collecting and developing its contents to expand the online study courses and building multi-language versions of the website for users all around the world . The multi-language version is completed .
Locations
As of June 2021 , there were 234 institutions established in 82 countries around the world .
Asia
Saudi Arabia 1 ( Riyadh
Azerbaijan 2 ( Baku and Khirdalan )
Bahrain 1 ( Manama )
Cambodia 2 ( Poipet and Siem Reap )
China 19 ( Beijing , Chengdu , Dalian , Hangzhou , Harbin , Hong Kong , Kunming , Linyi , Qingdao , Qiqihar , Shanghai , Shijiazhuang , Wenzhou , Wuhan , Xi'an , Yanbian , Yancheng and Yantai )
India 8 ( Barasat , Bengaluru , Chennai 1 , Imphal , New Delhi , Patna and Chennai 2
Indonesia 7 ( Bandung , Jakarta , Surabaya , Tangerang and Yogyakarta )
Iran 2 ( Isfahan and Tehran )
Japan 16 ( Chiba , Fukuoka , Hiroshima , Kanagawa , Kobe , Kyoto , Okayama , Osaka , Nagano , Nara , Saitama , Sapporo , Sendai , Shimonoseki and Tokyo )
Jordan 1 ( Amman )
Kazakhstan 3 ( Almaty , Astana and Shymkent )
Kyrgyzstan 5 ( Bishkek , Osh and Sokuluk )
Laos 2 ( Phonsavan and Vientian )
Malaysia 3 ( Bangi , Kuala Lumpur and Melaka )
Mongolia 4 ( Darkhan and Ulaanbaatar )
Myanmar 1 ( Yangon )
Nepal 1 ( Kathmandu )
Pakistan 1 ( Islamabad )
Palestine 1 ( Ramallah )
Philippines 6 ( Balanga , Cainta , Cebu City , Iloilo City , San Juan and Taguig )
Sri Lanka 2 ( Colombo and Kandy )
Taiwan 3 ( Kaoshiung , Tainan and Taipei )
Tajikistan 1 ( Dushanbe )
Thailand 5 ( Bangkok , Chiang Mai and Maha Sarakham )
Turkmenistan 1 ( Ashgabat )
UAE 2 ( Abu Dhabi , Ajman and Dubai )
Uzbekistan 7 ( Denau , Ferghana , Namangan , Samarkand and Tashkent )
Vietnam 22 ( Biên Hòa , Binh Duong , Cần Thơ , Da Lat , Da Nang , Haiphong , Hanoi , Ho Chi Minh City , Huế , Hưng Yên , Quy Nhơn , Thái Nguyên and Trà Vinh )
Africa
Algeria 1 ( Algiers )
Botswana 1 ( Gaborone )
Egypt 1 ( Cairo )
Eswatini 1 ( Mbabane )
Ethiopia 1 ( Addis Ababa )
Ivory Coast 1 ( Abidjan )
Kenya 1 Nairobi )
Madagascar 1 ( Antananarivo )
Morocco 1 ( Rabat )
Nigeria 1 ( Abuja )
Tanzania 1 ( Dar es Salaam )
Uganda 1 ( Kumi )
Americas
Argentina 1 ( Buenos Aires )
Brazil 5 ( Brasília , Campinas , São Leopoldo and São Paulo )
Bolivia 1 ( La Paz )
Canada 3 ( Montreal , Ottawa and Waterloo )
Chile 1 ( Santiago )
Colombia 1 ( Bogotá )
Costa Rica 1 ( San José )
Ecuador 2 ( Guayaquil and Quito )
El Salvador 1 ( San Salvador )
Guatemala 1 ( Guatemala City )
Haiti 1 ( Caracol )
Mexico 1 ( Mexico City )
Paraguay 1 ( Asunción )
United States 13 ( Auburn , Bloomington , Chicago , Houston , Iowa City , Irvine , Los Angeles , San Antonio , San Francisco , Upland and Washington , D.C . )
Uruguay 1 ( Montevideo )
Europe
Armenia 1 ( Yerevan )
Belarus 1 ( Minsk )
Belgium 2 ( Brussels )
Bulgaria 1 ( Sofia )
Croatia 1 ( Zagreb )
Czech Republic 1 ( Olomouc )
Denmark 1 ( Copenhagen )
Estonia 1 ( Tallinn )
France 3 ( La Rochelle , Paris and Quimper )
Georgia 1 ( Tbilisi )
Germany 2 ( Berlin and Tübingen )
Hungary 3 ( Budapest and Debrecen )
Italy 1 ( Rome )
Latvia 1 ( Riga )
Lithuania 2 ( Kaunas and Vilnius )
Poland 2 ( Poznań and Warsaw )
Portugal 1 ( Lisbon )
Romania 1 ( Bucharest )
Russia 11 ( Astrakhan , Khabarovsk , Moscow , Rostov-on-Don , Saint Petersburg , Ulan-Ude , Vladivostok , Yakutsk and Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk )
Serbia 1 ( Novi Sad )
Slovakia 1 ( Bratislava )
Slovenia 1 ( Ljubljana )
Spain 3 ( Barcelona , Las Palmas and Madrid )
Sweden 1 ( Gothenburg )
Turkey 5 ( Ankara , Bursa , Istanbul and Izmir )
Ukraine 1 ( Dnipro )
United Kingdom 5 ( London , Preston and Staffordshire )
Oceania
Australia 3 ( Adelaide and Sydney )
New Zealand 1 ( Auckland )
References
External links
King Sejong Institute
King Sejong Institute Foundation
Organizations established in 2007
Government agencies of South Korea
Foreign relations of South Korea
Korean language
Language schools in South Korea
Korean-language education
Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Dixie National Forest in the U.S. state of Utah . It is the fourth-largest wilderness area located entirely within the state ( following the High Uintas Wilderness , Zion Wilderness , and Cedar Mountain Wilderness ) . The wilderness designation protects the Pine Valley Mountain range , a large rock outcrop surrounded by desert . The Pine Valley Mountains form the Pine Valley Laccolith , one of the largest laccoliths in the United States . Elevations in the wilderness range from to at the summit of Signal Peak .
Vegetation
The southern half of the Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness area supports a large stand of virgin Engelmann spruce . On the south edge of this unit , young stands of bristlecone pine are also found . The north half of the area is composed of stands of mixed spruce , subalpine fir , Douglas fir , and limber pine . Stands of large aspen are also found throughout the area .
There are numerous meadows up to in size within the boundaries of the Wilderness . The predominant vegetation is mat muhly , subalpine needlegrass , alpine timothy , dandelion , Perry clover , shrubby cinquifoil , yarrow , fleabane , snowberry , and serviceberry .
Wildlife
The Pine Valley Mountains is more or less isolated from the Wasatch Range . Because of this isolation there are a number of sub-species of mammals found here , including the Uinta chipmunk , yellow-bellied marmot , and red squirrel . There are numerous dusky grouse and herds of deer within the meadows and timber . Brown bear roamed the Pine Valley Mountains as late as 1914 .
Utah sensitive species
A variety of Utah sensitive species live in the Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness area .
Bonneville cutthroat trout ( Oncorhynchus clarki utah )
Townsend 's big-eared bat ( Corynorhinus townsendii )
Pygmy rabbit ( Brachylagus idahoensis )
Arizona toad ( Bufo microscaphus )
Northern goshawk ( Accipiter gentilis )
Desert sucker ( Catostomus clarki )
Western toad ( Bufo boreas )
Fringed myotis ( Myotis thysanodes )
Arizona toad ( Bufo microscaphus )
Greater sage-grouse ( Centrocercus urophasianu ) ( ESA candidate species )
Ferruginous hawk ( Buteo regalis )
Burrowing owl ( Athene cunicularia )
Long-billed curlew ( Numenius americanus )
Bald eagle ( Haliaeetus leucocephalus )
Virgin spinedace ( Lepidomeda mollispinis )
Zebra-tailed lizard ( Callisaurus draconoides )
Common chuckwalla ( Sauromalus ater )
Flannelmouth sucker ( Catostomus latipinnis )
Relict leopard frog ( Rana onca ) ( extirpated ) ( ESA candidate species )
Western banded gecko ( Coleonyx variegatus )
Desert night lizard ( Xantusia vigilis )
Western threadsnake ( Rena humilis )
Recreation
Common recreational activities in Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness include hiking , camping , horseback riding , and wildlife watching . There is a network of over of trails on and around the Wilderness , including the popular Summit and Whipple Trails .
See also
Pine Valley Mountains
Dixie National Forest
Wilderness Act
National Wilderness Preservation System
List of U.S. Wilderness Areas
References
External links
Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness - Wilderness.net
Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness - GORP
Pine Valley Ranger District - Dixie National Forest
Wilderness areas of Utah
Protected areas of Washington County , Utah
Dixie National Forest
In Tahiti and Society Islands mythology , Taonoui is the mother by Roua of Fati and all the stars .
References
Tahiti and Society Islands goddesses
Stellar goddesses
Mother goddesses
Houshang Kargarnejad ( , born 23 April 1945 ) is a retired Iranian heavyweight weightlifter who competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics . They won gold medals at the 1974 Asian Games and 1971 and 1977 Asian Championships .
References
1945 births
Living people
Iranian male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Iran
Weightlifters at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1970 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iran
Weightlifters at the 1970 Asian Games
Weightlifters at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games medalists in weightlifting
Mario Junior Rondón Fernández ( ; born 26 March 1986 ) is a Venezuelan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Liga I club Sepsi OSK .
Club career
Born in Los Teques , Miranda , Rondón arrived in Portugal at age 18 , finishing their junior career with A.D. Pontassolense . They then proceeded to play a further four seasons with the third division club .
After scoring 11 goals in their last year , Rondón moved straight into the Primeira Liga after signing with F.C . Paços de Ferreira in May 2009 . Rarely used in their debut season , they finished it on loan to Segunda Liga 's S.C. Beira-Mar , featuring relatively as the Aveiro team returned to the top flight after a three-year absence .
Rondón returned to Paços for 2010–11 . In the first game of the campaign , against Sporting CP on 14 August , they scored the only goal for a home win , eventually finishing as the side 's top scorer with nine league goals and adding four in their runner-up run in the Portuguese League Cup ( 2–1 final loss to S.L . Benfica ) .
On 14 July 2011 , Rondón joined C.D . Nacional on a five-year contract , for an undisclosed fee . They scored a career-best 12 goals in 30 games in their third year , helping the Madeirans to the playoff round of the UEFA Europa League .
On 28 February 2015 , Rondón transferred to Chinese Super League newcomers Shijiazhuang Ever Bright FC . They scored the club 's first-ever goal in the competition on 9 March , but in a 2–1 defeat at Guangzhou Evergrande FC .
In January 2018 , after more than one year of inactivity , Rondón moved to Romanian Liga I 's CS Gaz Metan Mediaș for the remainder of the season . They made 21 appearances and netted ten times in all competitions , with fellow league team CS Universitatea Craiova reportedly showing interest in signing the forward .
Rondón rejoined Shijiazhuang on 29 June 2018 , aged 32 . In May 2019 , they signed a contract with Romanian champions CFR Cluj . They scored their first in Liga I for the latter on 23 February 2020 in a 2–0 away victory over Universitatea Craiova , adding another in the Europa League group stage against Stade Rennais F.C . ( 1–0 at home , where they were sent off after only three minutes on the pitch ) to help their team progress to the knockout stages .
International career
Rondón earned their first cap for Venezuela on 25 March 2011 , coming on as a 78th-minute substitute for Alejandro Moreno in a 2–0 friendly away win over Jamaica . They scored their first goal in another exhibition match , a 3–1 loss in South Korea on 5 September 2014 .
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Venezuela 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Rondón goal .
Honours
Beira-Mar
Segunda Liga : 2009–10
CFR Cluj
Liga I : 2019–20 , 2020–21
Supercupa României : 2020
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Los Teques
Venezuelan footballers
Association football forwards
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
F.C . Paços de Ferreira players
S.C. Beira-Mar players
C.D . Nacional players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Cangzhou Mighty Lions F.C . players
Liga I players
CS Gaz Metan Mediaș players
CFR Cluj players
Sepsi OSK Sfântu Gheorghe players
Ekstraklasa players
Radomiak Radom players
Venezuela international footballers
Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in China
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Romantic Punch is a rock band based in South Korea , which currently has four members . The band was formed in July 2003 as a Christian indie band `` WA★DISH '' ( Wash the Dishes ) and changed its name to `` Romantic Punch '' in May 2009 . They originally had five members , but , Park Hana ( the group 's bassist ) , who was on pregnancy leave at the time , left the group on March 9 , 2015 . No specific reason or explanation was given for them departure .
Besides playing at various rock festivals , they perform their solo concert titled `` Romantic Party '' at regular intervals . Their fan club is expanding continuously and currently has more than ten thousand members .
In 2014 they have staged more than 1000 street concerts in various locations and regions in Korea .
Their management agency is `` Queen Entertainment '' based in Seoul , Korea . In January 2013 , they signed a contract with `` Kiss Entertainment '' as their management office in Japan , but after 2013 , the band have had no major activities in Japan .
Members
In-hyuk ( Full Name： 배인혁 , Birthday：June 9 ) - Vocal
Konchi ( Full Name : 강호윤 , Birthday：November 30 ) - Guitar
Lazy ( Full Name：권영환 , Birthday：August 10 ) - Guitar
Tricky ( Full Name：고용진 , Birthday：March 11 ) - Drum ( 2009- )
Discography
Album
Midnight Cinderella ( 2010 )
Glam Slam ( 2013 )
SOS ( 2020 )
Mini-Album
Bright Sunlight Day（햇살 밝은 날） ( 2004 ) - released album from `` WA★DISH '' age
Saturday Night ( Feb. 28 , 2006 ) - released album from `` WA★DISH '' age
Romantic Punch ( 2009 )
It 's Yummy ( 2011 )
Silent Night ( 2012 )
Award
2003 - MBC `` Korea Music Festival '' Amateur Rock Concert - 1st place
2011 - olle `` Music Indie Award '' Artist of the Month - Awarded
2011 - KB Year-End National Rock Festival Contest - Grand Prize
2012 - KBS2TV `` Top Band Season 2 '' - 2nd Place
Live Performances
2009 to Present - Romantic Punch solo concert `` Romantic Party '' ( 53rd Romantic Party in May 2014 )
2009 to Present - Street performance over 1000 times
2009 - 2009 Pentaport Rock Festival
2010 - 2010 Jisan Valley Rock Festival
2012 - 2012 Pentaport Rock Festival
2012 - Super Sonic 2012
2013 - Green Plugged 2013 , 2013 Pentaport Rock Festival
Also playing in various music events
In Japan , they had live performances in Okayama ( 2013 ) and Tokyo ( 2012、2013 ) .
Major Tie-up
2009年 - SBS `` Green Saver '' - theme song
2012年 - NARUTO SD - theme song（ * In Korea only）
2012年 - Mabikino - OST
2012年 - tvn drama `` My Cute Guys '' OST `` Ready-Merry-Go ! ''
Appearances and Media
2009 - EBS `` Space Compathy ''
2012 - KBS `` Top Band Season 2 ''
2013 - KBS `` 7080 Concert '' , Mnet `` MUST '' , etc .
2014 - MBC `` SHOW CHAMPION ''
References
External links
Facebook
Official Twitter
2003 establishments in South Korea
Musical groups established in 2003
South Korean rock music groups
The Pinnacle is local high point on the Blue Mountain ridge of the Appalachian Mountains . Due to its location on the Appalachian Trail , and its reputation as one of the best views in Pennsylvania , the Pinnacle is heavily used by hikers .
References
Mountains of Pennsylvania
Landforms of Berks County , Pennsylvania
Tourist attractions in Berks County , Pennsylvania
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1553 .
Events
Early – William Baldwin writes Beware the Cat ( first published 1561 ) , an early example of extended fiction ( and specifically of horror fiction ) in English and including an account of a printing house with which the author is familiar .
unknown dates
The xiii Bukes of Eneados of the famose Poete Virgill appears in London as the first published complete translation of any major work of classical antiquity into one of the English languages , based posthumously on Gavin Douglas 's Eneados , a translation of Virgil 's Aeneid from Latin into Middle Scots completed in 1513 .
Construction of the Biblioteca Marciana in Venice is completed to the design of Jacopo Sansovino .
New books
Prose
Francesco Patrizi – La Città felice ( The Happy City )
Drama
António Ferreira – Bristo
Approximate year
Nicholas Udall – 'Respublica ( probable author )
Mr. S. – Gammer Gurton 's NeedlePoetrySee 1553 in poetryBirths
March 29 – Vitsentzos Kornaros , Cretan poet ( died 1613 or 1614 )
October 8 – Jacques Auguste de Thou , French historian ( died 1617 )
c. December – John Chamberlain , English correspondent ( died 1628 ) Unknown datesJohn Florio , English lexicographer ( died 1625 )
Richard Hakluyt , English travel writer ( died 1616 )
George Wyatt , English biographer of Anne Boleyn ( died 1624 )
Deaths
March 17 – Girolamo Fracastoro , Italian scholar and poet ( born 1478 ) ( executed )
April 9 – François Rabelais , French writer and satirist ( born c. 1494 )
May 28 – Johannes Aal , Swiss theologian and dramatist ( born c. 1500 )
October 27 – Michael Servetus , Spanish theologian and humanist ( born 1511 ) ( executed )
December 14 – Hanibal Lucić , Croatian poet and playwright ( born c. 1485 ) unknown date '' – Yamazaki Sōkan , Japanese poet ( born 1465 )
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
The package-deal fallacy ( also known as false conjunction ) is the logical fallacy of assuming that things often grouped together by tradition or culture must always be grouped that way . False conjunction refers to misuse of the and operator .
It is particularly common in political arguments , such as the following imagined example from the United States : `` My opponent is a conservative who voted against higher taxes and welfare , therefore they will also oppose gun control and abortion . '' While those four positions are often grouped together as `` conservative '' in United States politics , a person may believe in one `` conservative '' idea while not believing in another .
For misuse of the xor or nand operators , see False dilemma .
Additional examples
`` John likes surprises , so he 'll enjoy finding a snake in their sleeping bag . ''
Assumes a surprise is inherently a good thing , does not consider actual context of event .
`` Droughts are common during summers in Country X , so water is hard to find there in August . ''
It has n't rained in Country X for a while , but there may well be plenty of water reserves available . Also , seasons are different between the two hemispheres ; if Country X is in the southern hemisphere August will be in winter . Lastly , just because droughts are common in summers in country X does not mean they must occur every summer . That August may have been one of the summers a drought did not occur .
`` A child molester was caught in a nearby neighborhood . They were friends with many of their neighbors . Everyone in that whole neighborhood is sick . ''
Assumes that the neighbors knew that their friend was a sex offender and also implies their endorsement of such activity . Assumes guilt by association under incidental circumstances .
When it is not a fallacy
The package-deal argument does not need to be a fallacy when used to argue that things grouped by culture and tradition are likely to be grouped in a given way .
Examples
`` John enjoys science fiction films , so chances are he 'll enjoy Star Wars . ''
While it is not guaranteed that John will like Star Wars , we can tell from information about them that they probably will .
`` There has been a serious drought in Country X for a while , and it is not very developed , so many of its inhabitants are probably starving . ''
Most developing countries do face famine when drought occurs , so it is likely that this is the case in Country X , even if it is not guaranteed .
Alternative interpretation
Philosopher Ayn Rand used the term to describe a different fallacy in which essentially different concepts or ideas are “ packaged ” together and treated as though they are essentially similar .
Definition
Rand wrote : `` 'Package-dealing ' is the fallacy of failing to discriminate crucial differences . It consists of treating together , as parts of a single conceptual whole or 'package , ' elements which differ essentially in nature , truth-status , importance , or value . ''
It is important to stress that the package deal fallacy concerns solely those errors of reasoning which mistreat the essential characteristics of concepts .
Examples
Selfishness and Self-Interest
Rand pointed out that , in popular usage , the term “ selfishness ” constitutes a package deal because it 's used as a moral evaluation , even though no such evaluation is contained or implied in the word 's meaning : The meaning ascribed in popular usage to the word “ selfishness ” is not merely wrong : it represents a devastating intellectual “ package-deal , ” which is responsible , more than any other single factor , for the arrested moral development of humankind .
In popular usage , the word “ selfishness ” is a synonym of evil ; the image it conjures is of a murderous brute who tramples over piles of corpses to achieve their own ends , who cares for no living being and pursues nothing but the gratification of the mindless whims of any immediate moment .
Yet the exact meaning and dictionary definition of the word “ selfishness ” is : concern with one 's own interests .
This concept does not include a moral evaluation ; it does not tell us whether concern with one 's own interests is good or evil ; nor does it tell us what constitutes man 's actual interests . It is the task of ethics to answer such questions . . . .
There is a fundamental moral difference between a man who sees their self-interest in production and a man who sees it in robbery . The evil of a robber does not lie in the fact that they pursue their own interests , but in what they regard as to their own interest ; not in the fact that they pursue their values , but in what they chose to value ; not in the fact that they want to live , but in the fact that they want to live on a subhuman level.Some modern dictionaries have made problematic attempts to redefine selfishness and/or self-interest . Merriam-Webster lists this definition of the former : “ the quality or state of being selfish ; a concern for one 's own welfare or advantage at the expense of or in disregard of others. ” Rand pointed out that this definition is self-contradictory because true concern for one 's own welfare ( a state of genuine wellbeing ) requires mutually beneficial relationships with others and so precludes unfair treatment or disregard of them : When one speaks of man 's right to exist for their own sake , for their own rational self-interest , most people assume automatically that this means their right to sacrifice others . Such an assumption is a confession of their own belief that to injure , enslave , rob or murder others is in man 's self-interest—which they must selflessly renounce . The idea that man 's self-interest can be served only by a non-sacrificial relationship with others has never occurred to those humanitarian apostles of unselfishness , who proclaim their desire to achieve the brotherhood of men . And it will not occur to them , or to anyone , so long as the concept “ rational ” is omitted from the context of “ values , ” “ desires , ” “ self-interest ” and ethics .
Altruism
Rand also identified altruism as a package deal when it is regarded as synonymous with or integral to morality : There are two moral questions which altruism lumps together into one “ package-deal ” : ( 1 ) What are values ? ( 2 ) Who should be the beneficiary of values ? Altruism substitutes the second for the first ; it evades the task of defining a code of moral values , thus leaving man , in fact , without moral guidance .
Altruism declares that any action taken for the benefit of others is good , and any action taken for one 's own benefit is evil . Thus the beneficiary of an action is the only criterion of moral value—and so long as that beneficiary is anybody other than oneself , anything goes.Identifying behaviors and double standards common in virtually all modern societies , Rand offered the following examples of ways in which the beneficiary of an action is often used as a standard of moral judgment : Why is it moral to serve the happiness of others , but not your own ? If enjoyment is a value , why is it moral when experienced by others , but immoral when experienced by you ? If the sensation of eating a cake is a value , why is it an immoral indulgence in your stomach , but a moral goal for you to achieve in the stomach of others ? Why is it immoral for you to desire , but moral for others to do so ? Why is it immoral to produce a value and keep it , but moral to give it away ? And if it is not moral for you to keep a value , why is it moral for others to accept it ? If you are selfless and virtuous when you give it , are they not selfish and vicious when they take it ? Does virtue consist of serving vice ?
Power
Many people conflate political power and economic power , which are wholly different concepts .
Political power is the ability to legally employ or threaten physical force against others , typically via legislation , regulation , or taxation . Possible penalties for noncompliance , such as fines , arrest , and imprisonment , are ultimately backed by a threat of physical force .
Economic power , by contrast , is characterized primarily by the absence of physical force ; buyers and sellers exchange goods and services voluntarily or not at all . Lumping together economic and political power under the broader concept “ power ” while ignoring the crucial differences between them constitutes a package deal .
See also
List of fallacies
Critical thinking
Psychology of reasoning
Availability heuristic
Illusory correlation
Stereotyping
References
In-line References
Informal fallacies
Nehemiah 13 is the thirteenth ( and the final ) chapter of the Book of Nehemiah in the Old Testament of the Christian Bible , or the 23rd chapter of the book of Ezra-Nehemiah in the Hebrew Bible , which treats the book of Ezra and the book of Nehemiah as one book . Jewish tradition states that Ezra is the author of Ezra-Nehemiah as well as the Book of Chronicles , but modern scholars generally accept that a compiler from the 5th century BCE ( the so-called `` Chronicler '' ) is the final author of these books . This chapter addresses a series of problems handled by Nehemiah himself , which had arisen during their temporary absence from the land , with some similar issues to those related in Ezra 9–10 and Nehemiah 10 .
Text
The original text of this chapter is in Hebrew language . This chapter is divided into 31 verses .
Textual witnesses
Some early manuscripts containing the text of this chapter in Hebrew are of the Masoretic Text , which includes Codex Leningradensis ( 1008 ) .
There is also a translation into Koine Greek known as the Septuagint , made in the last few centuries BCE . Extant ancient manuscripts of the Septuagint version include Codex Vaticanus ( B ; B ; 4th century ) , Codex Sinaiticus ( S ; BHK : S ; 4th century ) , and Codex Alexandrinus ( A ; A ; 5th century ) .
Purification ( 13:1–3 )
The opening verses record the obedience of the people at that period of time to the words of the Mosaic law , that they took `` immediate '' response ( verse 3 ) ; in this case , by removing all people of foreign descents ( `` mixed multitude '' ) .
Verse 1
On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people ; and therein was found written , that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the congregation of God for ever ;
The exclusion of the Ammonites and Moabites from the sanctuary is written in , because of two reasons ( verse 2 ) :
Their failure to provide the Israelites the basic requirements of food and water
The Moabite king Balak had hired Balaam to curse Israel ( – ) , although God turned these curses into great blessings ( , ; , ) .
The reforms of Nehemiah ( 13:4–31 )
After 12 years in Jerusalem , Nehemiah returned to the court of Artaxerxes ( verse 6 ) , but during their absence , various abuses sprang up which they had to handle emphatically as recorded in this section . The cause of the offences can be traced to the religious laxity in the community , especially with close relationship of the priests with Tobiah ( verse 4 ) and the family alliance of a grandson of Eliashib , the high priest , with Sanballat the Horonite ( verse 28 ) . Nehemiah took drastic measures to eradicate the ill :
Tobiah 's `` household stuffs '' were thrown out of the temple complex ( verse 8 ) , which foreshadows Jesus ' action of temple clearance ( ff ) . Tobiah 's house within the temple apparently was a base of their operation ( verses 4–5 ) , by 'using a privileged position in the temple economy to pursue [ an ] advantageous business arrangement ' .
The temple was cleansed of everything unholy ( verse 9 )
The Levites , who fled to their `` fields '' ( as they were permitted to raise animals according to ) , were restored to their positions with the arrangements to receive once again their dues for the service for God ( verses 11–13 )
Guards were placed on the gates to prevent violation of Sabbath rules by trading ( verses 19 , 22 ) and a threat was issues for those who attempted to break the rules ( verse 21 )
Harsh treatment was performed by Nehemiah on those who had married foreign women ( verse 25 ) .
The errant grandson of Eliashib was banished ( verse 28 ) .
Nehemiah also reestablished the previous good conditions in chapters 10 and 12 by putting people under oath once more ( verse 25 ; cf . ) and set up provisions for the regular service of the Temple ( verses 30–31 ; cf . ff , ff ) .
Verse 6
But during all this I was not in Jerusalem , for in the thirty-second year of Artaxerxes king of Babylon I had returned to the king . Then after certain days I obtained leave from the king ,
`` The thirty-second year of Artaxerxes '' corresponds to 433 BC . Thus , Nehemiah was governor of Judah from 445 to 433 BC , then they stayed in Susa for an unknown period of time before returning to Jerusalem . The text does not specify in what capacity they returned , although it was with authorisation from the king : they probably continued to be the governor until 407 BC , when Bigvai became governor .
Verse 31
And for the wood offering , at times appointed , and for the firstfruits .
Remember me , O my God , for good .
`` Remember me '' : Just as in verses 14 , 22 , Nehemiah cried out for God to watch over him , during their confrontation with the priests and Levites regarding the defilement of their holy status which made them disqualified to serve .
See also
Artaxerxes I
Jerusalem
Related Bible parts : Ezra 9 , Ezra 10 , Nehemiah 10 , Nehemiah 12
Notes
References
Sources
Further reading
Blenkinsopp , Joseph , `` Ezra-Nehemiah : A Commentary '' ( Eerdmans , 1988 )
Blenkinsopp , Joseph , `` Judaism , the first phase '' ( Eerdmans , 2009 )
Coggins , R.J. , `` The Books of Ezra and Nehemiah '' ( Cambridge University Press , 1976 )
Ecker , Ronald L. , `` Ezra and Nehemiah '' , Ecker 's Biblical Web Pages , 2007 .
Grabbe , L.L. , `` Ezra-Nehemiah '' ( Routledge , 1998 )
Grabbe , L.L. , `` A history of the Jews and Judaism in the Second Temple Period , Volume 1 '' ( T & T Clark , 2004 )
Throntveit , Mark A . ( 1992 ) `` Ezra-Nehemiah '' . John Knox Press
External links
Jewish translations :
Nechemiah - Nehemiah - Chapter 13 ( Judaica Press ) translation [ with Rashi 's commentary ] at Chabad.org
Christian translations :
Online Bible at GospelHall.org ( ESV , KJV , Darby , American Standard Version , Bible in Basic English )
Book of Nehemiah Chapter 13 . Bible Gateway
13
Phoenicians in the Hebrew Bible
Ivats Peak ( , ) is the peak rising to 910 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica . It is situated at the west extremity of a rocky ridge linked to Mount Elliott , surmounting Dinsmoor Glacier to the north and Desudava Glacier to the south .
The peak is named after the Bulgarian bolyar and warrior Ivats ( 10–11th century ) .
Location
Ivats Peak is located at , which is 2.61 km south-southeast of Kavlak Peak , 7.49 km southwest of Darzalas Peak , 5.01 km west of Mount Elliott and 3.69 km northeast of Gusla Peak . British mapping in 1978 .
Map
British Antarctic Territory . Scale 1:200000 topographic map . DOS 610 Series , Sheet W 64 60 . Directorate of Overseas Surveys , UK , 1978 .
Notes
References
Ivats Peak . SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer . Antarctic Place-names Commission . ( details in Bulgarian , basic data in English )
External links
Ivats Peak . Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Dzilebki ( ; Dargwa : ЗилебкӀи ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Uraginsky Selsoviet , Dakhadayevsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 711 as of 2010 . There are 6 streets .
Geography
Dzilebki is located 30 km southwest of Urkarakh ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Urtsaki and Kubachi are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
External links
Необычная свадьба | село Дзилебки | 4.10.2020
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Michael Adolf von Althann , alternatively written Altheimb , ( 1574–1638 ) was an Austrian military commander and diplomat .
Early life
Michael Adolf was the eldest son of Christoph Baron von Althann auf Goldburg und Murstetten ( 1541-1589 ) and their second wife Elisabeth Baroness Teuffel von Gundersdorff ( 1548-1577 ) .
Military career
They particularly distinguished themselves in the Long Turkish War , at Székesfehérvár and Esztergom . At the end of the war they were appointed field marshal . On 14 June 1610 they were made an Imperial Count . They were later sent on diplomatic missions to the Principality of Transylvania and the Sublime Porte . In 1625 they became the first grand master of the short-lived order of knighthood Militia Christiana , of which they were a founder . They died in Vienna on 7 May 1636 .
Personal life
In 1606 they married Baroness Elisabeth von Stotzingen , daughter of Baron Rudolf von Stotzingen ( died in 1604 ) , governor of Lower Austria ; in 1627 they married Maria Eva von Sternberg ( 1605-1668 ) . They left issue from both marriages .
References
1574 births
1636 deaths
Generals of the Holy Roman Empire
People of the Long Turkish War
Christopher Barzak ( born July 21 , 1975 ) is an American author . They have published many short stories , beginning with `` A Mad Tea Party '' in Lady Churchill 's Rosebud Wristlet in 1999 . In 2007 they published their debut novel , One for Sorrow , which won the 2008 Crawford Award , and was a nominee for the 2008 Great Lakes Book Award as well as Logo TV 's NewNowNext Awards . Their second novel , The Love We Share Without Knowing , was a 2008 James Tiptree Jr. Award finalist and a 2009 Nebula Awards finalist for Best Novel . Their first full-length short story collection , Before and Afterlives , was the recipient of the Shirley Jackson Award for Best Single-Author Collection in 2013 .
Biography
Barzak grew up in Kinsman , Ohio and went to university in nearby Youngstown . They have worked as a teacher of English outside of Tokyo , in both primary and middle schools . Their experiences over two years abroad in Japan led them to write their second novel , The Love We Share Without Knowing .
Barzak also holds an MFA in Creative Writing from Chatham University in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . They currently teach fiction writing at Youngstown State University , in Youngstown , Ohio .
Their first novel , One for Sorrow , was made into the feature film Jamie Marks is Dead by the director , Carter Smith , for Verisimilitude Films , starring Liv Tyler , Judy Greer , Cameron Monaghan , Noah Silver , and Morgan Saylor . The film debuted at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival in the U.S . Dramatic Competition . The film had a limited release by Gravitas Ventures in the United States on August 29 , 2014 and is now available on demand or on DVD .
Their third novel , Wonders of the Invisible World , was published on September 8 , 2015 and won a Stonewall Honor Award from the American Library Association in January , 2016 .
Personal life
In October 2017 , Barzak was arrested for assaulting their husband , however , in May 2018 the alleged victim confessed in court that they were under the influence at the time and that the charges should be dropped . In an earlier sentencing hearing Barzak pleaded guilty and agreed to attend counseling .
Bibliography
Novels
One for Sorrow , New York : Bantam , 2007 .
The Love We Share Without Knowing , New York : Bantam , 2008 .
Wonders of the Invisible World , New York : Alfred A. Knopf Books , 2015 .
The Gone Away Place , New York : Alfred A Knopf Books , 2018 .
Short story collections
Birds and Birthdays , Seattle , WA : Aqueduct Press , 2012 .
Before and Afterlives , Maple Shade , NJ : Lethe Press , 2013 .
Selected stories ( award winners or finalists )
`` The Other Angelas '' , 2004 James Tiptree Jr. Award finalist
`` The Language of Moths '' , 2006 Locus Awards and 2007 Nebula Awards finalist for Best Novelette
`` Map of Seventeen '' , 2010 Nebula Awards and 2011 Locus Awards finalist for Best Novelette
`` Smoke City '' , 2012 Locus Awards finalist for Best Short Story
`` Invisible Men '' , 2013 Million Writers Award finalist
`` Paranormal Romance '' , 2014 Nebula Awards and Locus Awards finalist for Best Novelette
As editor
Interfictions Online ( with Meghan McCarron and Sofia Samatar ) . Interstitial Arts Foundation , 2013 to 2016 .
References
External links
Christopher Barzak 's Blog
Interview at Locus Online
1975 births
21st-century American novelists
American fantasy writers
American male novelists
Chatham University alumni
American LGBT novelists
Living people
American male short story writers
Writers from Youngstown , Ohio
Youngstown State University faculty
21st-century American short story writers
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from Ohio
People from Kinsman , Ohio
21st-century LGBT people
Ceraspis elegans is a species of scarab beetles in the subfamily Melolonthinae . It is found in Brazil ( São Paulo ) and Central America ( Honduras ) .
References
External links
Melolonthinae
Beetles described in 1891
Insects of Brazil
Insects of Central America
John Rogers ( born 7 May 1943 ) is an Australian former cricketer . They played four first-class and one List A match for New South Wales between 1968/69 and 1969/70 .
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
People from Gosford
Cricketers from New South Wales
Parliamentary elections were held in Cyprus on 24 May 1981 . AKEL and the Democratic Rally both won 12 of the 35 seats . Voter turnout was 95.7 % .
Results
References
1981 in Cyprus
Cyprus
Legislative elections in Cyprus
May 1981 events in Europe
Mary Brown Boren is an American politician in the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Political career
After being sworn in for their first term in the Oklahoma State Senate on November 15 , 2018 , Boren received committee appointments to the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Education , the Agriculture and Wildlife Committee , the Energy Committee , and the Judiciary Committee . In recognition of their `` advocacy and support of higher education in their role as a member of the Education committee , '' Boren was the recipient of the 2019 Distinguished Service Award for Higher Education from the Oklahoma State Regents for Higher Education and the Council of College and University Presidents .
Personal life
Boren received their Bachelor of Arts degree from Cameron University and their JD from the University of Oklahoma . Boren and their husband Nathan have three children together and are members of the First Christian Church of Norman . They are a part of the Boren family by marriage .
References
Living people
Oklahoma Democrats
21st-century American politicians
Oklahoma state senators
University of Oklahoma alumni
Cameron University alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Women state legislators in Oklahoma
Boren family
STS 71 is a fossilized skull of the species Australopithecus africanus . It was discovered in Sterkfontein , South Africa by Robert Broom in 1947 . In 1972 John Wallace connected STS 71 with STS 36 , a lower jaw found in the same layer , by matching the wear patterns on the teeth .
It is estimated to be 2.5 million years old .
Its characteristics include a smaller cranium and facial features than other female Australopithecines finds yet the size of the teeth indicate this specimen to be male . The face shows forward projection and the position of the temporal lines high on the cranium indicate large chewing muscles . The brain is 428cc .
See also
List of human fossils
List of fossil sites ( with link directory )
List of hominina ( hominid ) fossils ( with images )
References
External links
Metadata of STS 71 on NESPOS
Australopithecus fossils
Archaeological discoveries in South Africa
1947 archaeological discoveries
Archaeology of Southern Africa
Live at Llangollen is a live concert video by Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins , which was released on DVD on 4 December 2006 . The concert was filmed at the Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod on 9 July 2006 .
The concert features the tenor Nicky Spence as a special guest , Anthony Inglis and the National Symphony Orchestra . The DVD also features all of Jenkins ' previous promotional videos , made available for the first time , and a rendition of `` You 'll Never Walk Alone '' from the BBC archives .
Track listing
`` Introduction ''
`` Ruslan and Lyudmila Overture ''
`` L'Amore Sei Tu '' ( `` I Will Always Love You '' )
`` O mio babbino caro ''
`` Cymru Fach ''
`` Maria '' ( from West Side Story )
`` All I Ask of You '' ( from The Phantom of the Opera )
`` O Sole Mio ''
`` Dafyff y Garreg Wen '' ( `` David of the White Rock '' )
`` Be My Love ''
`` Carmen Overture and Prelude ''
`` Habanera '' ( from Carmen )
`` Seguedilla '' ( from Carmen )
`` Chanson Boheme '' ( from Carmen )
`` Somewhere Over the Rainbow ''
`` Time to Say Goodbye ''
`` Calon Lân ''
`` The National Anthem ''
`` Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau '' ( `` Land of My Fathers '' )
Bonus material
`` Questo e per te ''
`` Time to Say Goodbye ''
`` L'Amore Sei Tu '' ( `` I Will Always Love You '' )
`` Quello che farò ''
`` You 'll Never Walk Alone ''
Certifications
References
Katherine Jenkins video albums
2006 live albums
2006 video albums
Live video albums
Universal Classics and Jazz live albums
Universal Classics and Jazz video albums
Debbie Boyd ( born November , 1957 in Gainesville , Florida ) is a Representative in the Florida House of Representatives . They received their associate degree in building construction from Santa Fe College in 1990 . They reside in Newberry , Florida and lives with their husband Tommy Boyd .
References
External links
Official Website of Representative Boyd
Florida Democrats
1957 births
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
Living people
Women state legislators in Florida
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Pniówno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south-east of Wierzbica , north-west of Chełm , and east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Chełm County
An eccrine nevus is an extremely rare cutaneous condition that , histologically , is characterized by an increase in size or number of eccrine secretory coils .
See also
Apocrine nevus
Nevus comedonicus
List of cutaneous conditions
References
External links
Epidermal nevi , neoplasms , and cysts
Protopapas ( , `` first priest , archpriest '' ) is a Greek Orthodox ecclesiastical office .
The office appeared in Byzantine times , when the protopapas was a subaltern of a bishop , along with their own deputy , the deutereuon ( `` the second one '' ) . Already in the middle Byzantine period ( 8th–12th centuries ) , protopapades were appointed as the head clerics of particularly important churches , or as a bishop 's representatives in the rural districts . The mid-14th century Book of Offices of Pseudo-Kodinos mentions the role of the protopapas of the imperial palace during imperial church ceremonies on Christmas and Epiphany , as well as during the Holy Week . According to Pseudo-Kodinos , the protopapas of the emperor and the protopapas of the Great Church ( i.e. , of the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople ) were distinct , but could sometimes be held in tandem by the same person . In the late 14th century , the head of the `` imperial clerics '' was the protopapas of the Blachernae Church ( located in the main imperial residence , the Palace of Blachernae ) , while another protopapas was responsible for the coronation and funerary Church of the Holy Apostles , where the early Byzantine emperors were buried .
In the Greek lands under Latin rule , including in southern Italy following the Norman conquest , Orthodox bishops of the Greek Rite were often displaced by Roman Catholic bishops of the Latin Rite . As Church canons forbade the simultaneous presence of two bishops in the same see , in these areas , a protopapas ( in Latin also archipresbyter Graecorum ) served as the head of the Greek Orthodox clergy .
This system survived longest in the Ionian islands , which were a Venetian possession until 1797 . In Corfu , where the local Orthodox bishopric had been abolished already by the Angevins in the late 13th century , the Orthodox nobility and ecclesiastical canons chose the megas protopapas ( `` grand archpriest '' ) , since there were junior protopapades in the districts of the island . As they lacked the bishop 's power to consecrate priests , all candidates had to go to Cephalonia , where the Orthodox bishopric continued in existence , to be ordained . To secure its control over the office , from 1578 the Venetian government removed the megas protopapas of Corfu from the jurisdiction of both the local Latin Archbishop and the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople . The smaller islands of Ithaca and Zakynthos each had a protopapas of their own , subject to the Bishop of Cephalonia .
References
Sources
Eastern Christian ecclesiastical offices
Venetian rule in the Ionian Islands
Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy
Petra Taušová is a retired Czech football goalkeeper , who currently serves as a Team Manager at Slavia Prague U-12 .
They have been a member of the Czech national team .
References
1983 births
Living people
Czech women 's footballers
Czech Republic women 's international footballers
People from Rakovník
FC Slovan Liberec players
FC Hradec Králové players
Expatriate women 's footballers in Germany
Czech expatriate footballers
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Women 's association football goalkeepers
SK Slavia Praha ( women ) players
AC Sparta Praha ( women ) players
Czech Women 's First League players
Sportspeople from the Central Bohemian Region
Shkulevskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 23 as of 2002 .
Geography
Shkulevskaya is located 8 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Isakovskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Lorenzo Gabriel ( died 1512 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Bergamo ( 1484–1512 ) .
Biography
On 15 October 1484 , Lorenzo Gabriel was appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent VIII as Bishop of Bergamo .
They served as Bishop of Bergamo until their death on 6 Jul 1512 .
References
External links and additional sources
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
15th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
16th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent VIII
1512 deaths
Bishops of Bergamo
Honiatyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately south-east of Dołhobyczów , south-east of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has a population of 70 .
References
Honiatyn
Catellin was a landmark restaurant in Stockholm , Sweden . It was situated at Storkyrkobrinken 9 in the old , original part of the city , Gamla stan . It closed in 2011 .
History
Catellin was founded in 1922 by Franco-Belgian chef Jules Claude Catellin , although according to other sources the restaurant opened in 1924 . The walls of the restaurant were decorated by artist Axel Hörlin in 1926 . The restaurant was popular among artists , writers and politicians , some of them were Isaac Grünewald , Lennart Jirlow , Einar Jolin , Olle Olsson-Hagalund , and Stig Dagerman . 20 years after opening the restaurant , Catellin decided to sell it to Harry Uhr and Kjell Blekenberg . The new owners changed the classic French cuisine approach of the restaurant and brought new preparations and flavors to the menu .
The restaurant closed in 2011 . The lease for the restaurant was terminated since the whole block was going to be renovated and used for other functions . , the premises and most of the block are used by Sveriges Riksdag .
Legacy
In 1978 , a book with recipes from the restaurant was published . Many of the dishes are based on meat or fish . The most noted dishes are the garlic-flavored squid salad and the .
In popular culture
The restaurant appears in Stieg Trenter 's 1944 novel Dangerous Vanity .
References
External links
Official site
Restaurants in Stockholm
Galen Grindle ( born June 16 , 1934 ) , better known as Johnny Ginger , was a pioneer of Detroit television .
Biography
Grindle was born in Toledo , Ohio . Their parents , Ray and Edna , were a Vaudeville family act performing at the Paramount Theater in Toledo . Their brother , Kenny , was a tap dancer in the family act . One day they brought little Johnny up onstage to sing `` Sonny Boy '' and they were an instant hit . As a teen they performed stand-up comedy in clubs all over Toledo , Detroit , and Canada .
Grindle had been working as a comedian under the name Jerry Gale when they auditioned to present a program for WXYZ-TV based around re-runs of The Three Stooges . Given the role , WXYZ vice president John Pival insisted that they work under the name Johnny Ginger , the name taken from a bottle of Johnny Bull Ginger Beer . Ginger 's afternoon show , Curtain Time Theater ( which was always pronounced `` Thee-A-ter '' ) , entertained kids from 1957 to 1960 on WXYZ-TV Channel 7 . The live portions of the show were broadcast all around the television station , with Ginger in their janitor costume of bib-overalls and driving cap . By the early 1960s Johnny adapted a new character inspired by the Jerry Lewis film The Bellboy , that of the head bellboy at the Rocky Plaza Hotel , run by Rocky Granet ( the voice of Rube Weiss ) , and the show became The Johnny Ginger Show . They introduced a new generation of kids to The Three Stooges and even played the part of Billy The Kid in the Stooges last film , The Outlaws Is Coming . As a gesture of gratitude , the Stooges used many of the children 's hosts who had run their shorts in the cast . He , Ricky the Clown , Jingles , Poop-Deck Paul , Milky the Clown , Rube Weiss , Captain Jolly , Sagebush Shorty and Soupy Sales helped pioneer Detroit television for children in the fifties and sixties . The Johnny Ginger Show was cancelled in 1968 . Ginger went on to host Captain Detroit for WKBD-TV .
Johnny left Detroit for Hollywood and appeared on an episode of The Rifleman .
References
External links
American television personalities
American stand-up comedians
Living people
People from Toledo , Ohio
Television in Detroit
1934 births
Comedians from Ohio
United Nations Security Council resolution 676 , adopted unanimously on 28 November 1990 , after recalling resolutions 598 ( 1987 ) , 618 ( 1988 ) , 631 ( 1989 ) , 642 ( 1989 ) , 651 ( 1990 ) and 671 ( 1990 ) , and having considered a report by the Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar on the United Nations Iran–Iraq Military Observer Group , the Council decided :
( a ) to renew the mandate of the United Nations Iran–Iraq Military Observer Group for another two months until 31 January 1991 ;
( b ) to request the Secretary-General , after discussions with both parties , to report on the future of the Observer Group with their recommendations during January 1991 .
See also
Iran–Iraq relations
Iran–Iraq War
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 ( 1987–1991 )
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0676
0676
1990 in Iran
1990 in Iraq
November 1990 events
A Deeper Level is a live worship album by Israel & New Breed . It was released in 2007 by Integrity Media . It is Houghton 's seventh album , their sixth with Integrity , and their fourth live album .
The album was awarded a Grammy in 2008 as the Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album .
Track listing
Source : Amazon
NEW BREED
Band
Israel Houghton - Piano
Aaron Lindsey - Keyboards
Terrance Palmer - Bass
Johnny Najara - Guitar
Arthur Strong - Keyboards
Ryan Edgar - Acoustic Guitar
Mike Clemons - Drums
Justin Raines - Bass , Keyboard Bass
Eric Brice - Guitar
Justin Savage - Keyboards , Organ
Neville Diedericks - Guitar
Javier Solis - Percussion
Michael Gungor - Guitar
Jerry Harris - Keyboards , Programming
Christa Black - Violin
Vinnie Ciesielski - Trumpet
Jimmy Bolin - Saxophone
Roy Agee - Trombone
Vocalists
Olanrewaju Agbabiaka
Dakri Brown
Lois DuPlessis
Ryan Edgar
Jamil Freeman
Daniel Johnson
Rodney Jordan
Stacey Joseph
Mattie Blackburn
Sha ' Simpson
Leah Smith
Danielle Stephens
Jeremiah Woods
Awards
In 2008 , the album won a Dove Award for Contemporary Gospel Album of the Year at the 39th GMA Dove Awards .
References
Israel Houghton albums
2007 live albums
Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album
In cryptography , higher-order differential cryptanalysis is a generalization of differential cryptanalysis , an attack used against block ciphers . While in standard differential cryptanalysis the difference between only two texts is used , higher-order differential cryptanalysis studies the propagation of a set of differences between a larger set of texts . Xuejia Lai , in 1994 , laid the groundwork by showing that differentials are a special case of the more general case of higher order derivates . Lars Knudsen , in the same year , was able to show how the concept of higher order derivatives can be used to mount attacks on block ciphers . These attacks can be superior to standard differential cryptanalysis . Higher-order differential cryptanalysis has notably been used to break the KN-Cipher , a cipher which had previously been proved to be immune against standard differential cryptanalysis .
Higher-order derivatives
A block cipher which maps -bit strings to -bit strings can , for a fixed key , be thought of as a function . In standard differential cryptanalysis , one is interested in finding a pair of an input difference and an output difference such that two input texts with difference are likely to result in output texts with a difference i.e. , that is true for many . Note that the difference used here is the XOR which is the usual case , though other definitions of difference are possible .
This motivates defining the derivative of a function at a point as
.
Using this definition , the -th derivative at can recursively be defined as
.
Thus for example .
Higher order derivatives as defined here have many properties in common with ordinary derivative such as the sum rule and the product rule . Importantly also , taking the derivative reduces the algebraic degree of the function .
Higher-order differential attacks
To implement an attack using higher order derivatives , knowledge about the probability distribution of the derivative of the cipher is needed . Calculating or estimating this distribution is generally a hard problem but if the cipher in question is known to have a low algebraic degree , the fact that derivatives reduce this degree can be used . For example , if a cipher ( or the S-box function under analysis ) is known to only have an algebraic degree of 8 , any 9th order derivative must be 0 .
Therefore , it is important for any cipher or S-box function in specific to have a maximal ( or close to maximal ) degree to defy this attack .
Cube attacks have been considered a variant of higher-order differential attacks .
Resistance against Higher-order differential attacks
Limitations of Higher-order differential attacks
Works for small or low algebraic degree S-boxes or small S-boxes . In addition to AND and XOR operations .
See also
Differential Cryptanalysis
KN-Cipher
Cube attack
References
Cryptographic attacks
Saitama 3rd district ( 埼玉県第3区 Saitama-ken dai-sanku or simply 埼玉3区 Saitama 3-ku ) is a constituency of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan . It is located in Southeastern Saitama and consists of the cities of Sōka and Koshigaya . As of 2012 , 460,884 eligible voters were registered in the district .
Before the electoral reform of 1994 , Sōka was part of the 1st district where three Representatives had been elected by single non-transferable vote , and Koshigaya part of Saitama 4th district ( four Representatives ) .
Between 1996 and 2009 , the district had been closely contested between former Sōka mayor Hiroshi Imai ( now LDP , Koga faction ) who was first elected as JNP candidate from the old 1st district in 1993 , and Ex-Socialist Ritsuo Hosokawa ( now DPJ , Kan group ) who is originally from Kōchi Prefecture but had represented the old 4th district for the JSP since 1990 . After their 2009 defeat Imai retired from politics . Hosokawa went on to serve in the DPJ-led cabinets as vice minister and minister . But in the landslide Democratic defeat in 2012 , they lost the district to Liberal Democratic newcomer Hitoshi Kikawada and also failed to win a proportional seat .
List of representatives
Election results
,
References
Saitama Prefecture
Districts of the House of Representatives ( Japan )
Nadia Yassine ( ) ( born December 1958 ) is the head of the women 's branch of the Moroccan Islamist movement Al Adl Wa Al Ihssane ( Justice and Spirituality ) . Born in Casablanca , Morocco , they are the daughter of the founder of the same organization Cheikh Abdesslam Yassine .
References
Bibliography
Toutes voiles dehors , Le Fennec , 2003 , translated as Full sails ahead by Farouk Bouasse , 2006 ,
External links
Official website
Chaykh Abdessalam Yassine official website
People from Casablanca
1958 births
Living people
Moroccan writers
Al Adl Wa Al Ihssane politicians
21st-century Moroccan women politicians
21st-century Moroccan politicians
Lansdowne Yonkers FC ( formerly Lansdowne Bhoys FC ) is an American soccer club based in Yonkers , New York . Founded in 1997 , the team plays in Region I of the United States Adult Soccer Association . The club , also known as the ‘ Bhoys ' , was formed by Irish American immigrants in 1997 and wears the same colours as Celtic FC . While including Irish players on its teams , there is a distinct multinational feel to the club as they have featured players from the USA , New Zealand , Ivory Coast , Germany , Jamaica , and Gambia .
The Lansdowne Yonkers FC honorary President is ESPN soccer analyst Tommy Smyth .
Honors
League
Cosmopolitan Soccer League Division 1 4-time winner ( 2013-14 , 2014–15 , 2015-16 , 2016–17 ) .
Eastern Premier Soccer League 1-time winner ( 2020-21 ) .
Lamar Hunt US Open Cup
The Lamar Hunt US Open Cup is the American version of the FA Cup in England . The U.S. Open Cup includes professional teams from the USASA , NPSL , PDL , USL , as well as NASL and MLS . Similar to the FA Cup in England , amateur teams can qualify their way through their regions to take on the top Professional teams .
In 2016 Lansdowne Yonkers FC made its way to the 3rd Round proper of the 2016 Lamar Hunt US Open Cup , eliminating the Long Island Rough Riders of the Premier Development League and Pittsburgh Riverhounds of United Soccer League .
Werner Fricker National Amateur Cup
On August 6 , 2017 , Lansdowne Yonkers FC won the National Amateur Cup . After capturing the USASA Region I title , Lansdowne Yonkers FC traveled to Milwaukee to compete in the National Amateur Cup . Lansdowne defeated LA Wolves FC 1-0 in the semi-final , and then went on to beat Milwaukee Bavarian SC in the final 9-8 in a penalty shoot out . The winning penalty was scored by Momodou Sawaneh .
In 2019 they won their second Werner Fricker Amateur Open Cup title over Texas side ASC New Stars in the final , 1-0 . The team reached the final by downing Fort Wayne SC of Indiana , 6-0 , two days prior .
Lansdowne 's Werner Fricker Open Cup Opponents :
USASA Region I Opponents :
New York Athletic Club ( NY )
New York Greek Americans ( NY )
New York Pancyprian Freedom ( NY )
Kosmo Olimpious ( NY )
Cedar Stars Academy ( NJ )
FC Motown ( NJ )
Brockton United ( MA )
Yinz United ( D.C . )
USASA Champion of Regions :
Fort Wayne ( ID )
ASU New Stars ( TX )
Partnership with Celtic
In 2016 , Lansdowne Yonkers FC signed an international club partnership with Scottish club Celtic FC .
This partnership allows Lansdowne Yonkers FC :
To access to academy standard coaching curriculum
Provide opportunities to visit Celtic FC
Receive visits from Celtic FC coaches to partner club
Provide opportunities for players to attend official Celtic FC coaching in Glasgow
Allow Lansdowne Yonkers FC to host Celtic FC soccer camps/clinics
Youth System
Lansdowne Yonkers FC had an affiliation with Yonkers United and their 25 youth teams . In 2016 , Lansdowne sent teams to compete in the international SuperCupNI ( formerly called the Northern Ireland Youth Soccer Tournament ) in Derry . Previous winners of this tournament include world-famous clubs such as Manchester United , Newcastle United , and FC Barcelona .
Lansdowne 's youth system is run by Jim Kelly , the club 's Youth Director of Football and an experienced UEFA ' A Licensed ' coach , and Michael Holzer , the club 's Technical Director and a former New York Cosmos player . LYFC 's youth system consists of 20 teams , ranging from ages 8 to 18 . The club 's youth teams play in the Westchester Youth Soccer League ( WYSL ) , National Premier League ( NPL ) , and the New York Club Soccer League ( NYCSL ) . The club holds various youth events throughout the year , including tournaments , clinics , camps , and travel programs .
References
External links
Lansdowne Yonkers FC website
Cosmo Soccer League
Yonkers United
Pan
Soccer clubs in the New York metropolitan area
Cosmopolitan Soccer League
1997 establishments in New York ( state )
Association football clubs established in 1997
Diaspora soccer clubs in the United States
The 1930 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1930 . Before the satellite age started in the 1960s , data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable . Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land .
Systems
Hurricane One
On June 4 , a tropical cyclone formed south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec . It paralleled the coast , became a hurricane , and approached the coast . On June 11 , it made landfall north of Mazatlán and dissipated inland . Some damage in Mazatlán was reported .
Tropical Cyclone Two
From August 18 to 20 , a tropical cyclone existed in the waters west of Manzanillo . A ship reported a pressure of .
Hurricane Three
On October 3 , a tropical cyclone formed near the Revillagigedo Islands . It slowly moved northeasterly , became very intense , and made landfall north of Mazatlán on October 4 or October 5 . Once inland , it greatly increased in speed , and dissipated October 7 , while over Arkansas . A ship in the eye of the hurricane reported a pressure of , low enough to make this the most intense Pacific hurricane in Mexican waters known at the time .
This hurricane hassled a number of ships . One of them needed to be repaired at a cost of $ 10,000 ( 1930 USD ) , and another had its cargo damaged .
Hurricane Four
On October 9 , a tropical cyclone formed in the Gulf of Tehuantepec . Eventually becoming a hurricane , it moved up the coast as far as Acapulco . It was last seen on October 11 . The lowest pressure reported was .
This hurricane caused damage in Acapulco . Many buildings were demolished by the storm , and roads and telegraph lines were destroyed . Damage to property was heavy , but no one was killed or injured .
Hurricane Five
On October 16 , a tropical cyclone existed somewhere between Acapulco and Cape Corrientes . Two days later , it made landfall near La Manzanilla , Jalisco as a hurricane near with a pressure of . It or its remnants managed to cross the Isthmus of Tehuantepec and enter the Bay of Campeche , where they dissipated on October 20 .
See also
1930 Atlantic hurricane season
1930 Pacific typhoon season
1930s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1930 in Mexico
Pacific hurricane seasons
1930s Pacific hurricane seasons
Bald Rock is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on Cape Sambro on the southeast shore of the Chebucto Peninsula .
External links
Explore HRM
Cape Sambro
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
Martha Ellen Davis is an emeritus professor from the University of Florida , anthropologist and ethnomusicologist known for their multifarious work on African diasporic religion and music . Professor Davis ' research has defied conventional tenets about Haitian and Dominican folk music , and their cultural preservation projects has raised awareness of the significance of the Samaná Americanos ' enclave .
Education and early work
Davis received their B.A . ( Magna Cum Laude ) in Anthropology from the University of California and a Ph.D. from the University of Illinois . Them graduate field work took them to various Caribbean islands , of which they have published , but it was in the Dominican Republic where early on in their graduate career they established their reputation as an iconoclast , critic and dedicated scholar to Black culture . In 1972 , they arrived at the island of Hispaniola with the suspicion that Dominicans owned more to the Afro-Caribbean culture than what had been documented yet . In an article published in a leading Dominican newspaper , Xiomarita Perez wrote candidly about Davis ' style and links to the country : `` Martha works from the heart and with the heart ... Them job is essential to the country 's social memory '' ( Spanish : « Martha trabaja de corazón y con el corazón ... Su oficio es delicado e importante para la memoria social del país » ) .
Institutional involvement
Part of Davis ' legacy includes co-founding the Committee of Applied Ethnomusicology within the Society for Ethnomusicology in 1998 , writing four seminal books , producing documentaries , and writing numerous scientific articles . They have been considered an authority in Afro-Caribbean music and is quoted extensively in the literature . Davis ' book , La otra ciencia , earned the National Nonfiction Award of the Dominican Republic . While continuing as an affiliate professor at the University of Florida , since ca . 2003 Davis has spent most of their time in the Dominican Republic as honorary researcher of the Museo del Hombre Dominicano ( Museum of the Dominican Man ) and oral-history expert and researcher of the Archivo General de la Nación ( The National Archives ) , offering lectures , advising young scholars , and writing . On November 1 , 2012 , the Museo celebrated their 40 years of research in the country .
Scholarly contributions
Davis ' long-standing interest in the Dominican and Haitian cultures derives from their belief that `` The island of Hispaniola—the Spanish colony of Santo Domingo and first colony in the New World—was the initial diasporal crucible and cultural bridge of the Americas . '' In 1976 , Davis , who rivals Fernando Ortiz in years of research into Afro-Caribbean culture , challenged the Dominican cultural establishment . According to Peter Manuel from CUNY , they convincingly suggested `` that if there is any rightful 'national ' music of the Dominican Republic , it would be not the Merengue , with its specifically regional origin in the Cibao , but rather the various types of salve , which have flourished throughout the country . '' Them work has also crossed into the realm of religion , and here they also suggested that what is commonly called Dominican `` Folk Religion '' is more accurately described as folk Catholicism of which one component is `` Dominican Vodou '' .
Select publications
1972 `` The social organization of a musical event : The fiesta de cruz in San Juan , Puerto Rico . '' Ethnomusicology 16 ( 1 ) : 38-62 .
1975 `` The changing role of the Dulzainero in León , Spain . '' The Journal of American Folklore 88 ( 349 ) : 245-53 .
1980 That Old-time Religion : Tradicion y Cambio en el Enclave Americano de Samana . '' Boletin del Museo del Hombre Dominicano Saint-Domingue 9 , ( 14 ) : 165-196 .
1980 Aspectos de la influencia africana en la musica tradicional dominicana . Santo Domingo , República Dominicana : Museo del Hombre Dominicano
1980 `` La Cultura Musical Religiosa de Los Americanos de Samana . '' Boletin Del Museo Del Hombre Dominicano Saint-Domingue 9 ( 15 ) : 127–69 .
1981 `` Voces del purgatorio : estudio de la salve dominicana . '' Santo Domingo , República Dominicana : Museo del Hombre Dominicano .
1981 `` Himnos y Anthems ( Coros ) de los americanos de Samana : Contextos y Estilos . '' Boletin del Museo del Hombre Dominicano 10 ( 16 ) : 85-107 .
1983 `` Cantos de esclavos y libertos : cancionero de anthems ( coros ) de Samaná . '' Boletín del Museo del Hombre Dominicano 18 : 197-236 .
1987 `` 'native bi-musicality : ' case studies from the Caribbean . '' Pacific Review of Ethnomusicology 4 : 39-55 .
1987 La otra ciencia : el vodú dominicano como religión y medicina populares . Santo Domingo , República Dominicana : Editora Universitaria , UASD .
1992 `` Careers , 'alternative Careers , ' and the Unity Between Theory and Practice in Ethnomusicology . '' Ethnomusicology 36 ( 3 ) : 361–87 . doi:10.2307/851869 .
1994 `` 'Bi-Musicality ' in the Cultural Configurations of the Caribbean '' Black Music Research Journal 14 ( 2 ) : 145-60 .
1996 ' [ http : //www.worldcat.org/oclc/39219713 'Vodú of the Dominican Republic . ] Gainesville , FL : ETHNICA Publications , 1996 .
2001 `` Overview of Caribbean music . '' The Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 110 , no . 5 ( 2001 ) : 2672-2672 .
2002 `` An antidote to crisis : Exploring the colombian musical diaspora in miami . '' Hemisphere : 4 .
2002 `` Dominican folk dance and the shaping of national identity . '' Caribbean dance from Abakuá to Zouk : How movement shapes identity ( 2002 ) : 127-151 .
2003 ( with Miguel Fernández , Arturo Guzmán , Pericles Mejía and Manuel Segura ) Papá Liborio el santo vivo de Maguana . Gainesville , FL : Ethnica Publications
2004 La ruta hacia Liborio : mesianismo en el sur profundo dominicano . Santo Domingo , República Dominicana : UNESCO and Secretaría de Estado de Cultura , 2004 .
2004 ( with Miguel Fernández , Arturo Guzmán , and Amauta De Marco ) The Dominican Southwest : Crossroads of Quisqueya and center of the world . Gainesville , Fla : Ethnica Publications
2007 `` Vodú of the dominican republic : Devotion to `` la veintiuna división . '' Afro - 'Hispanic Review 26 ( 1 ) : 75 .
2007 ( with Jovanny Guzmán , and Norma Urraca de Martínez ) `` Vodú of the Dominican Republic : Devotion to '' La Veintiuna División '' . '' Afro-Hispanic Review ( 2007 ) : 75-90 .
2007 `` Asentamiento Y Vida Económica de Los Inmigrantes Afroamericanos de Samaná : Testimonio de La Profesora Martha Willmore ( Leticia ) . '' Boletín Del Archivo General de La Nación 31 ( 119 ) : 709-734
2011 Les Tambours Palos de la Republique Dominicaine . Archivo General de la Nación ( Dominican Republic ) & University of Florida ; Médiathèque Caraïbe / Conseil Général de la Guadeloupe
2011 `` ¿Existe un pensamiento antropológico Dominicano ? ''
2011 Davis , Martha Ellen . `` La Historia de Los Inmigrantes Afro-Americanos Y Sus Iglesias En Samaná Según El Reverendo Nehemiah Willmore . '' Boletín Del Archivo General de La Nación 36 ( 129 ) : 237–45 .
2012 `` Diasporal Dimensions of Dominican Folk Religion and Music '' . Black Music Research Journal '' 32 ( 1 ) : 161 – 191 .
References
External links
Palos drumming of the Dominican Republic ( LAMECA : The Gateway to the Caribbean )
`` La Religiosidad popular dominicana como culto a la vida y la muerte '' ( YouTube in Spanish )
Personal File of Martha Ellen Davis ( Censos de España e Iberoamérica )
American musicologists
American anthropologists
Ethnomusicologists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American women anthropologists
American women musicologists
Afro-Caribbean music
Dominican Republic music
Haitian music
University of Florida faculty
University of California alumni
University of Illinois alumni
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Scientists from Florida
20th-century anthropologists
21st-century anthropologists
20th-century American scientists
21st-century American scientists
20th-century American women scientists
21st-century American women scientists
Tillberga IK is a sports club in Tillberga in Västerås Municipality , Sweden . Tillberga IK was founded on 8 February 1930 and had a number of sections within one club until 1998 . At the annual meeting that year , it was decided to split the club up , so that each section would be its own club legally , but all as members of the `` Tillberga IK Alliansen '' as an umbrella organisation .
The men 's bandy team has played in the Swedish top division during the 21st century .
Sections
Tillberga IK Bandy , bandy
Tillberga IK Fotboll , association football
Tillberga IK Handboll , handball
Tillberga IK Innebandy , floorball
References
Multi-sport clubs in Sweden
Sport clubs established in 1930
1930 establishments in Sweden
Football clubs in Västmanland County
Swedish floorball teams
Swedish handball clubs
Leptastacidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida .
Genera
Genera :
Afroleptastacus Huys , 1992
Aquilastacus Huys & Conroy-Dalton , 2005
Archileptastacus Huys , 1992
References
Copepods
Col du Granier ( el . 1,134 m. ) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France which crosses the Chartreuse Mountains to connect the villages of Entremont-le-Vieux ( south ) , Apremont ( north ) and Chapareillan ( east ) . It has been traversed several times by the Tour de France cycle race , including on Stage 12 of the 2012 race . It is situated between Mont Granier ( 1,933 m ) ( south-east ) and Mont Joigny ( 1,558 m ) ( north-west ) .
Cycle racing
Details of the climbs
From the north , the climb starts at Chambéry , from where there are 15.3 km.of climbing , gaining 864 m. in height at an average of 5.6 % .
From Chapareillan ( east ) , the climb ( via the D285 ) is 9.7 km . long , gaining 845 m. at an average of 8.6 % , with a maximum of 17.9 % .
From St-Pierre-d'Entremont ( south ) , the climb is 9.4 km . at an average of 5.3 % , gaining 494m . in height .
Appearances in Tour de France
The pass was first included in the Tour de France in 1947 and has since featured 17 times and is generally ranked as a Category 1 or 2 climbdown . It was crossed most recently on Stage 12 of the 2012 tour , between Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne and Annonay-Davézieux , approaching from the direction of Chapareillan .
References
External links
Website
Col du Granier on Google Maps ( Tour de France classic climbs )
Mountain passes of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Mountain passes of the Alps
River Lake is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The 1977 season was Footscray JUST 's first season in the National Soccer League . In addition to the domestic league , they also participated in the inaugural NSL Cup . Fitzroy United finished 8th in their National Soccer League season , and were eliminated in the NSL Cup first round by Fitzroy United .
Players
Overview
League table
Results by round
Matches
NSL Cup
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Players with no appearances not included in the list .
Clean sheets
References
Footscray JUST seasons
Mantong Township ( ( ) ; also known as Manton Township and Mantung Township ) is a township of the Pa Laung Self-Administered Zone in the Shan State of eastern Burma ( Myanmar ) . The principal town and administrative seat is Mantong ( Manton ) .
Prior to August 2010 , Kyaukme District included both Mantong Township and Namhsan Township ; and both of them were transferred that month to the newly created Pa Laung Self-Administered Zone .
References
Townships of Shan State
Gosnells station is a railway station on the South Western Railway 21 kilometres from Perth Station in the suburb of Gosnells . It is served by Armadale Line services which are part of the Transperth network .
History
The original Gosnells station opened in 1905 . On 17 April 2005 a new station opened 300 metres further north as part of a improvement program to rejuvenate the town centre and create a new retail main street running in an east-west direction across the train line . The station was built under the Gallop government 's Building Better Train Stations program .
Services
Gosnells station is served by Transperth Armadale Line services .
The station saw 461,553 passengers in the 2013-14 financial year .
Platforms
Bus routes
References
External links
Armadale and Thornlie lines
Railway stations in Perth , Western Australia
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1905
Railway stations in Australia opened in 2005
Bus stations in Perth , Western Australia
The Bassenheimer Hof ( Bassenheimer Palace ) is an historic building in Mainz , western Germany .
At present ( 2009 ) the large structure is the seat of the Ministry of the Interior and Sports of the federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate .
History
The Bassenheimer Hof was erected in 1750 per the plans of the electoral master builder ( Oberbaudirektor ) Anselm Franz von Ritter zu Groenesteyn ( or Grünstein ) on behalf of the prince-elector as a retirement home for their sister the widow , the countess of Bassenheim . It was built near the Osteiner Hof .
The architect had been particularly impressed , during their studies in Paris , by the Place Vendôme and Hôtel de Torcy ( Hôtel de Beauharnais ) , with their formal statements and their elegant construction , reflecting the baroque French style .
In 1792 Mainz was invaded and occupied by Adam Philippe , Comte de Custine , at which time the clergy and nobility portion of the town 's populace fled for safety . By 1835 the Bassenheimer Hof had been sold to the military government , and was converted into a barracks . It continued as a barracks until 1889 . As a result of this and other conversions , the original interior layout , as well as that of the surrounding gardens , is no longer in evidence .
After 1889 the interior space of the building was utilized as a coffee shop , then for the manufacturing of embroidered flags . During World War II the building was burned to the ground ( 1942 ) . The French military government ordered its reconstruction in 1947–1948 .
The reconstructed building served as the temporary site of the minister president of the German federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate , before its present use by Rhineland-Palatinate ( beginning in 1960 ) .
References
Houses completed in 1750
Buildings and structures in Mainz
Baroque architecture in Rhineland-Palatinate
Buildings and structures completed in 1948
Richard Ben Cramer ( June 12 , 1950 – January 7 , 2013 ) was an American journalist , author , and screenwriter . They were awarded a Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting in 1979 for their coverage of the Middle East .
Biography
Cramer was born and raised in Rochester , New York , the son of Brud and Blossom Cramer . They graduated from Brighton High School in 1967 . They wrote for Trapezoid , the school 's student newspaper , after they were cut from the baseball team . They earned a bachelor 's degree in liberal arts in 1971 from Johns Hopkins University where they were also a writer and editor for The Johns Hopkins News-Letter . Unable to land a job at The Baltimore Sun , they instead attended the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism where they received a master 's degree one year later in 1972 .
Cramer worked as a journalist at several publications , including The Philadelphia Inquirer , The Baltimore Sun , Esquire Magazine , and Rolling Stone . They won a Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting in 1979 for their coverage of the Middle East as a foreign correspondent for The Philadelphia Inquirer and was a finalist for the same Prize in 1981 . Their work as a political reporter culminated in What It Takes : The Way to the White House , an account of the 1988 presidential election that is considered one of the seminal journalistic studies of presidential electoral politics . Their next book , Joe DiMaggio : The Hero 's Life , was a New York Times bestseller in 2000 . They were an avid New York Yankees fan and lived on the Eastern Shore of Maryland . Their final published book was How Israel Lost : The Four Questions , about the ways in which the Israeli occupation has corrupted the country 's original vision .
Cramer wrote and narrated several well-known documentary films , often in collaboration with filmmaker Thomas Lennon : The Choice '92 ( PBS Frontline , 1992 ) , Tabloid Truth ( PBS Frontline , 1994 ) and The Battle Over Citizen Kane ( PBS The American Experience , 1995 ) , which premiered at Sundance Film Festival and was nominated for an Academy Award . They co-wrote and narrated a film about Joe DiMaggio , The Hero 's Life , produced by long-time collaborator Mark Zwonitzer , based on Cramer 's book . They contributed to the scripts of two PBS series , The Irish in America : Long Journey Home ( 1998 ) , and The Supreme Court ( 2007 . )
Richard Ben Cramer died at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore of complications from lung cancer on January 7 , 2013 at age 62 . Cramer lived in Chestertown , Maryland , with their second wife , Joan . Besides their wife they are survived by a daughter , Ruby , from their first marriage to Carolyn White .
Books
Ted Williams : The Seasons of the Kid ( 1991 )
What It Takes : The Way to the White House ( 1992 )
Bob Dole ( 1994 )
Joe DiMaggio : The Hero 's Life ( 2000 )
What Do You Think of Ted Williams Now ? A Remembrance ( 2002 )
How Israel Lost : The Four Questions ( 2004 )
References
External links
`` The Man Inside the Hopefuls ' Heads '' By Martha Sherrill Washington Post , July 6 , 1992
`` The Book that Defined Modern Campaign Reporting '' By Ben Smith Politico , December 30 , 2010
`` What Do You Think of Ted Williams Now ? ''
`` Can The Best Mayor Win ? ''
`` The Ballad of Johnny France ''
`` Know Your Way Home ''
`` Fore Play ''
`` A Native Son 's Thoughts ''
`` Serious Business : Richard Ben Cramer Remembers Yankee Stadium ''
`` The DiMaggio Nobody Knew ''
1950 births
2013 deaths
Writers from Rochester , New York
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism alumni
Journalists from New York ( state )
American male journalists
Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting winners
INECOBANK is one of the leading South Caucasus banks , headquartered in Yerevan , Armenia . The bank offers a full range of banking services , including digital banking services to individuals , SME and corporate clients . The bank was founded on February 7 , 1996 licensed by CBA General banking license No . 85 ) .
Starting from 1998 , the bank has been cooperating with over 30 international financial organizations , and has established nostro-correspondent relations with a number of leading international banks .
The bank has two major shareholders - Avetis Baloyan ( 30 % of shares ) and Karen Safaryan ( 25.92 % of shares ) . In 2015 , European Bank of Reconstruction and Development became a shareholder of Inecobank , acquiring 22.7 % of shares and in 2018 agRIF cooperatief became a shareholder acquiring 10 % of shares from IFC and DEG in a private transaction .
In October 2019 , InecoBank appointed Are n't Naltakyan as the company Chief Executive Officer .
History
The history of InecoBank dates back to 1996 , when two Armenian business people Avetis Baloyan and Karen Safaryan along with other Armenian partners founded the bank․ The total capital of the bank as of FY 2018 is more than USD 100mln .
The bank has delivered a number of industry leading digital banking solutions , some which are presented below :
In 2019 the bank introduced new feature - `` Transfer to Card '' , which enables InecoOnline and InecoMobile users to make account-to-card and card-to-card transfers to the cards issued by the banks partnering ArCa system .
In 2018 the bank was the first in the banking system to launch InecoPay payment system enabling to make payments from smartphones .
In 2017 , the bank was the first to introduce a fully automated consumer lending solution through its mobile and online applications . As a result the loans are provided 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
In 2014 the bank launched InecoMobile , its Mobile banking application . Today according to the official information provided by the bank , the application is one of the leading financial applications in the country , with over 150 000 active users .
In 2012 , with the introduction of InecoOnline , the bank was one of the first to provide 24/7 banking services to its customers .
In 2009 , the bank digitized and fully automated the “ Point of Sale Loan ” product , reducing the loan generation from 3–4 days to a few minutes .
See also
Armenian dram
List of banks in Armenia
Economy of Armenia
References
Banks of Armenia
Armenian companies established in 1996
Banks established in 1996
Afghanistan sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7–18 September 2016 . This was the nation 's fifth time taking part in a Summer Paralympic Games . The Afghan delegation consisted of a single athlete , Mohammad Durani , who competed in the javelin throw . Originally they finished 16th in their event , but they were retroactively disqualified for a doping violation .
Background
Afghanistan made its Paralympic debut at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta , United States . With the exception of the 2000 Summer Paralympics , they have sent a delegation to every Summer Paralympics since , making Rio the nation 's fifth time participating at the Paralympics . They have never participated in the Winter Paralympic Games , and have never won a Paralympic medal . The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part . Athlete Mohammad Durani was the only competitor for Afghanistan in Rio . They were chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories : amputation , which may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , though there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; and Les autres , which is any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , like dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities . Other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Athletics
Mohammad Durani was 42 years old at the time of the Rio de Janeiro Paralympics . They competed in the men 's javelin throw for athletes classified between F42–F44 on 9 September . They finished with a personal best of 26.51 meters , but that put them into last place , and thus not allowed to proceed to the final three throws . However , on 19 September , it was revealed they had tested positive for 19-Norandrosterone , a substance the World Anti-Doping Agency classifies under its list of `` Endogenous Anabolic Androgenic Steroids '' and is banned in both in-competition and out-of-competition testing ; accordingly Durani was disqualified and their result annulled . The gold medal went to Akeem Stewart of Trinidad and Tobago , the silver medal was won by Alister McQueen of Canada , and the bronze was taken by New Zealand 's Rory McSweeney .
See also
Afghanistan at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Afghan sport
Imma strepsizona is a moth in the family Immidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906 . It is found on Sulawesi .
The wingspan is about 26 mm . The forewings are fuscous , irrorated ( sprinkled ) with dark fuscous and towards the base with pale ochreous . There is a small ochreous-yellowish basal spot beneath the costa and there are two suffused pale ochreous-yellowish transverse streaks enclosing a moderate fascia of ground colour partially mixed with pale yellowish , running from the middle of the costa to three-fourths of the dorsum , above the middle constricted and with streaks twice confluent . The wing beyond this fascia is wholly blackish fuscous . The hindwings are dark fuscous .
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
Pyatovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 19 as of 2002 .
Geography
Pyatovskaya is located 5 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Tarnogsky Gorodok is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Weldon Angelos is a music producer who was sentenced in a high profile marijuana case involving mandatory minimum sentences that was presented to the United States Supreme Court . The United States Supreme Court declined to hear the case but Angelos was later released from prison 13 years later due to public pressure from celebrities , United States Senators , the judge that sentenced him , and ultimately the prosecutor who prosecuted him .
Background
The son of an immigrant , Weldon Angelos worked as a music producer with musicians such as Snoop Dogg and Tupac Shakur , and was accused of selling marijuana to a police informant on several occasions worth a total of $ 350 . The witness stated that Angelos had a firearm strapped to their ankle , but no photographs or evidence existed other than their testimony , and Angelos never used or brandished a firearm during the sales .
However , Title 18 , Section 924 ( c ) of the federal code provides for mandatory sentences for dealers who carry firearms during their drug transactions ; meaning Angelos , who had no prior criminal record , was sentenced in November 2004 to 55 years in prison .
Trial and conviction
The judge in the case , Paul Cassell ( of the U.S. Court for the District of Utah ) who sentenced Angelos to 55 years , said that due to mandatory minimum sentencing guidelines , they had no choice but to impose it . Cassell urged President Bush to commute the sentence , calling it `` unjust , cruel , and irrational '' , noting the sentence is much more than the minimum for hijacking , kidnapping , or rape . On appeal the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit upheld the sentence . The U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear Angelos ' petition .
Weldon Angelos had a projected release date of 18 November 2051 . For those convicted since 1 November 1987 , there is no federal parole in the United States .
On 29 April 2009 , a federal judge denied a request by Angelos for a new trial by rejecting a claim that their trial attorney mishandled plea negotiations with the federal prosecutor , U.S. District Judge Tena Campbell ruled that attorney Jerome Mooney had provided Angelos with `` competent and thorough '' legal help . This was one of the last appeals Angelos could launch , which made it likely their sentence was final .
The Constitution Project wrote a letter , signed by 113 celebrities , advocates , former judges and prosecutors , and business leaders , to Obama urging them to commute Angelos ' sentence .
Justification
In a radio program the prosecutor Robert Lund justified their decision to charge Angelos with a felony carrying a minimum sentence of 55 years for their first marijuana offense on the following grounds :
Weldon Angelos was suspected of gang involvement .
Weldon Angelos had purchased a Lexus car for $ 30,000 .
Weldon Angelos had not accepted a 15-year plea bargain .
Weldon Angelos ' girlfriend 's house held a duffel bag with `` cannabis shakings '' , and the duffel bag would be large enough for two people to crawl into .
The same prosecutor later worked to secure Weldon 's release from prison .
924 ( c ) stacking
The case is an example of what is technically known as 924 ( c ) stacking . In many such cases the jury decides a gun may have been present beyond an acceptable probability of reasonable doubt appropriate for a commensurate sentence , rather than a sentence commensurate with a violent crime . For example , in a similar case involving defendant Michael Prikakis , Prikakis like Angelos was induced by a paid informant to make three drug sales . It was asserted that a gun was present , this was denied by Prikakis , and the jury decided a gun was present beyond reasonable doubt . It is known in that case that the judge 's instructions to the jury did not apprise them to use a standard of reasonable doubt appropriate for a stacked sentence . The judge Vinson later wrote that the jury would have been shocked to learn of the stacked sentence : `` I think they would rise up in indignation , as anybody else would , if they know about how this law is being applied and construed in circumstances such as this , which is essentially one underlying offense . '' Judge Vinson also noted that in such cases the prosecutor can choose the length of the sentence by choosing what number of controlled buys to solicit prior to the arrest of the defendant . Articles also note that prosecutors can solicit controlled buys from an essentially innocent defendant known to carry a gun , thereby inducing a previously innocent person to commit transactions leading to life imprisonment . Proponents argue that 924 ( c ) stacking effectively punishes recidivist offenders and removes them from society . On the other hand , J. Shulhofer wrote that although 924 ( c ) stacking was intended to be applied to repeat offenders , in practise prosecutors actually apply it `` on first offenders in borderline situations who may have plausible defenses and are more likely to insist upon trial . ''
Release
On 31 May 2016 , after serving 13 years in prison , Angelos was released from prison thanks to a bipartisan campaign to secure their release , which included advocacy from celebrities such as Alicia Keys and Snoop Dogg , and political figures like Charles Koch and Senator Mike Lee ( R-UT ) . The reasons for the court 's reduction of Angelos ' sentence remained unclear , as the records had been sealed . The Washington Post quoted Angelos ' attorney , Mark Osler , explaining `` After three and half years of inaction on Weldon 's clemency petition , they are free because of the fair and good action of a prosecutor . They return to citizenship because of the actions of one individual . ''
Young Americans for Liberty featured them in their `` Incarceration Nation '' activism project , and they spoke at YALCON 2016 .
In December 2020 , then-President Donald Trump issued a full pardon to Angelos .
References
United States federal criminal case law
Symon is both a surname and given name . Notable people with the name include :
Surname
Don Symon ( born 1960 ) , New Zealand Olympic rower
Jim Symon , Scottish radio presenter
Josiah Symon ( 1846–1934 ) , Scottish-Australian lawyer and politician
Keith Symon ( born 1920 ) , American physicist
Michael Symon ( born 1969 ) , American restaurant and television chef
Mike Symon ( born 1969 ) , Australian politician from Deakin ; Parliament member since 2007
Paul Symon ( born 1960 ) , senior officer in the Australian Army
Peter Symon , Australian politician
Scot Symon ( 1911–1985 ) , Scottish professional football manager
Vanda Symon ( born 1969 ) , New Zealand crime writer and radio host
Given name
Symon Budny ( c. 1530–1593 ) , Polish-Belarusian humanist , educator , philosopher , sociologist and historian
Symon Banda ( 1995-present ) , peer educator , food scientist , SRH Volunteer , from Thunga ( Thyolo ) , Malawi
Symon Gould ( died 1963 ) , American Vegetarian Party founder
Symon Hill , British activist and journalist
Symon Petliura ( 1879–1926 ) , Ukrainian politician , statesman , writer , and journalist
Symon Sadik Bangladeshi film actor
Symon Semeonis , 14th-century Irish Franciscan friar and author
See also
Symons
Simon ( disambiguation )
Simons
Ukrainian masculine given names
Surnames from given names
Warren Ridge ( ) is a SW-NE ridge 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) long on the north slope of Kyle Hills , Ross Island . The ridge rises to c.1100 m at the southwest end and culminates in Dibble Peak , 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) north of Ainley Peak . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) ( 2000 ) after Stephen G. Warren , Department of Atmospheric Sciences , University of Washington , Seattle , who worked several summer seasons with United States Antarctic Program ( USAP ) and ANARE ( Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions ) from 1985 ; investigated climate processes on the Antarctic plateau in four deployments to South Pole Station , including the full year of 1992 as station science leader .
Ridges of Ross Island
Nadjem Lens Annab ( born 20 July 1988 ) is a Belgian-Algerian professional football player who plays as a midfielder .
Personal
Born in Belgium , Annab 's family is originally from Algeria . Their father is an ethnic Chaoui from Merouana , while their mother is also from the Batna province . They have two brothers and a younger sister .
Club career
Annab signed a contract with Westerlo in April 2008 , while they were playing for Eisden Sport in Limburg Third Division , the 7th of 8 levels in the Belgian football league system . Annab also played futsal for ZVK Eisden Dorp at that moment , but quit after their surprise transfer . Lens Annab made their debut at the highest level in a 0–1 victory against Mouscron on 12 September 2009 and from then on featured regularly in the team . Following the relegation of Westerlo in 2012 , Annab chose to accept an offer from ES Sétif , allowing them to move to their second home country , Algeria .
On 5 August 2014 Lens Annab signs a contract with second division team ASV Geel .
References
External links
Player profile at sporza.be
1988 births
Living people
People from Maaseik
Chaoui people
Belgian people of Algerian-Berber descent
Belgian footballers
Association football midfielders
K.V.C . Westerlo players
ES Sétif players
Lierse S.K . players
AS Verbroedering Geel players
K.V.V . Thes Sport Tessenderlo players
K. Patro Eisden Maasmechelen players
Belgian First Division A players
Footballers from Limburg ( Belgium )
Wilfred John Parry ( 17 August 1910 – 23 July 1942 ) was a South African first-class cricketer and British Army soldier .
The son of Llewellyn and Edith Parry , they were born at Durban in August 1910 . Parry made their debut in first-class cricket for Natal against the touring Marylebone Cricket Club at Durban in November 1930 . Their second first-class appearance came for Natal against the same opposition a little under two months later at Pietermaritzburg . Five years later in 1936 , Parry made a third and final appearance in first-class cricket for Rhodesia against the touring Australians at Bulawayo . They scored 93 runs at an average of 23.25 , with their highest score of 47 coming against the touring Australians .
Parry served in the British Army during the Second World War as a corporal in the 1st Battalion , King 's Royal Rifle Corps . The 1st Battalion saw action in the North African campaign , as part of the 7th Armoured Division . Parry took part in the Battle of Sidi Rezegh in November 1941 , while in July 1942 they took part in the First Battle of El Alamein . It was during this battle that Parry was killed in action on 23 July . They are commemorated at the El Alamein War Cemetery .
References
External links
1910 births
1942 deaths
People from Durban
South African cricketers
KwaZulu-Natal cricketers
Rhodesia cricketers
King 's Royal Rifle Corps soldiers
British Army personnel of World War II
British Army personnel killed in World War II
Aleksandrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-west of Batorz , north of Janów Lubelski , and south of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
M/F Tycho Brahe is a Danish battery-electric car-ferry owned by ForSea Ferries that operates on the HH Ferry route . It has been in use since 1991 . The ship is bidirectional , which means it can change direction without turning around , so no time is lost for this . The ship is also able to accelerate and decelerate quite quickly to and from their maximum speed of 14 knots .
The ship is named after the Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe . M/F Tycho Brahe was built by Langsten Slip & Båtbyggeri in Tomrefjord , Norway . Currently , the ship is owned by Scandlines A/S and operated by ForSea ( previously Scandlines GmbH ) . Between 1991 and 1997 , M/F Tycho Brahe was owned by DSB Rederi .
The ferry can carry 1250 passengers , and either 260 trucks , 240 cars or 9 passenger train coaches at one time . It was built with three railtracks inside , with a total length of 266 meters .
Conversion to electric
M/F Tycho Brahe has a sister ship , M/S Aurora af Helsingborg . The two ships were originally diesel-powered , but were converted in 2017 to full electric propulsion . Each ship has a 4 MWh battery , weighing 57 metric tonnes , located at the top of the ferry between the chimneys . The batteries are recharged from land by a robot arm when docked , at 10.5 MW ( 10.5 kV , 600 A ) for 6 minutes in Denmark and 9 minutes in Sweden . Each trip uses about 1,175 kWh and is scheduled to last 20 minutes similarly to the diesel ferries . Two of the four Wärtsilä-Vasa 6R32E diesel engines have been removed from each ship , with the other two as a backup system , not for daily operation .
Main specifications :
Length : 111 m/364 ft 2 in
Beam : 28,2 m/92 ft 6 in
Draft : 5,7 m/18 ft 8 in
Tonnage : 12000 gt
Machinery : 4 thrusters of 1.5 MW each , 4.1 MWh Li-ion batteries . Backup system : two-shaft , diesel , 3350 hp
Gallery
References
The Encyclopedia of ships . General editor : Tony Gibbons . Silverdale books , 2002 , . Page 216 .
External links
M/F Tycho Brahe
Forsea ferries
Fully charged show on electric ferries
Electrek : Two massive ferries are about to become the biggest all-electric ships in the world
Ferries of Sweden
Ferries of Denmark
1991 ships
Los diamantes de la corona is a zarzuela in three acts by the composer Francisco Asenjo Barbieri with a libretto by Francisco Camprodón . The opera is taken from the original French libretto by Eugène Scribe and Jules-Henri Vernoy de Saint-Georges which was set to music by Daniel Auber in 1841 . Barbieri 's work was first performed at the Teatro del Circo in Madrid on 15 September 1854 .
Auber 's work retained popularity at the Opéra-Comique from its première there in 1841 ( receiving 180 performances in its first eight seasons ) , with over 370 performances up to the fire of 1887 .
The dramatist and poet Francisco Camprodón Lafont , first declining the composers Joaquín Gaztambide and José Inzenga , offered their adaptation to Barbieri , who had already achieved their first major zarzuela success with Jugar con fuego in 1851 , and was in the process of creating a new theatre in Madrid .
A recording was made at the Teatro Monumental Madrid in 1957 by Columbia , with Pilar Lorengar , María Dolores Alite , Ginés Torrano , Manuel Ausensi , Gerardo Monreal and Rafael Campos , with Ataúlfo Argenta conducting the Orquesta Sinfónica the Coros Cantores de Madrid . This was re-issued in 1997 .
The work was staged in the Teatro de la Zarzuela Madrid in the 2009–10 and 2014–15 seasons , which transferred to Lisbon .
Roles
Synopsis
The action takes place in Portugal during 1777 , in and around Coimbra in the first two acts and in Lisbon in the final act .
Queen Maria of Portugal ( Catalina ) has not yet come of age and the Conde de Campomayor is therefore their regent . To alleviate the poverty of the people , the queen decides to use the jewels of the royal collection to change into money , but secretly swapping the real jewels for fakes .
Act 1
In the ruins of an old chapel , a counterfeiting ring are working busily . The Marquis de Sandoval , a Portuguese noble , comes upon the place after fleeing their carriage in the midst of a storm . Hearing voices they hide , and overhears a conversation involving Rebolledo , one of the bandits . Rebolledo had been saved from hanging by Catalina and they were made their chief .
The bandits discover the hidden Marques but Catalina appears . Them beauty strikes Sandoval , while their baggage is looted by the bandits who are ordered to return all to them except for a blank safe-conduct pass signed by Campomayor . Catalina sings them ballad .
Left alone they explain that they were travelling to visit their uncle , Campomayor to arrange the marriage with their cousin Diana . Catarina agrees to let them free , provided they swear not to let anyone know about their adventure for one year nor recognize them should they meet again .
Rebolledo sends to prepare a carriage for Sandoval to go , they 're afraid that something might happen to Catalina , but they assure them that all will be well . They warn the bandits that the Portuguese army is on their trail but they can move off using the stolen safe-conduct , with the case of jewels , disguised as the monks of San Huberto . The soldiers who have entered led by Don Sebastián pay respects to the departing 'monks ' .
Act 2
In a salon of the villa of Count Campomayor , their daughter Diana is talking with Sebastián , the captain in charge of arresting the bandits , about their impending marriage to their cousin Sandoval , saying that they do not want to proceed and that their affection is only for Sebastián . Campomayor comes in with Sandoval , oblivious to the plans for a big party where the contract for the marriage of Diana and Sandoval will be signed .
Guests enter , and a servant brings a message about a coach accident and the passengers asking for hospitality ; the Count accepts while dealing with the guests . Posing as the Duchess of Albaflor and their servant , Catalina and Rebolledo enter elegantly dressed , provoking admiration of the guests . Catalina and Diana sing a bolero .
Sandoval recognizes the arrivals and tries to talk to them aside , declaring their love but Catalina openly rejects them because they know about their impending marriage to Diana , which they deny . To prove their affection , they have a ring as a gift for them
The news comes that the crown jewels have been stolen . Seeing a ring in the hands of Sandoval , Campomayor interrogates them about the owner , but they lie about Catalina . Diana has read the papers , and notes that the description matches Catalina . Sandoval implores their protection , reveals to them their love for Catalina , they take the opportunity to ask them to surrender their hand in exchange for help to escape from the villa .
Campomayor returns accompanied by the clerk and the guests prepare to witness the marriage contract . Sandoval refuses to sign , to the amazement of the count . Learning that the Duchess has fled in a carriage they fly into a rage and sets a reward for their capture .
Act 3
In the state room , the court awaits the coronation of the queen , although they have not yet chosen a consort . Sandoval receives Sebastián , admitted into the royal guard , and is surprised at the sudden appearance of the monarch and the preparations for the ceremony .
Sebastián is happy for the love of Diana and the events at the villa . Sandoval takes the opportunity to talk with Campomayor and make them see that Sebastián returns Diana 's love . They accept and plans to find the counterfeiters who had arrived at the palace last night .
Rebolledo enters , announced as a count , arousing the suspicions of Campomayor , who interrogates them about their origins and lineage . Rebolledo manages to confuse them until a bailiff arrives asking everyone to retire , since the queen has to speak to them alone .
Catalina reveals their motive of protecting the counterfeiters , to change the real jewels of the crown to false , and so to sell the real ones and get money to help the poor . Catalina questions the candidate husbands , but says that a nobleman who loves them is none other than Sandoval .
Campomayor tries to dissuade her , but they tell about the events at their villa and that if they find the thief , they will apply the law with all its power .
All the courtiers are waiting for the coronation and proclamation of the future consort . Catalina comes with the decision , Sebastián brings in Sandoval , who is shocked to see the Queen and recognize them as Catalina . They declare that Sandoval will be their future husband and they will guarantee the wedding of Diana with Sebastián , and forgive Rebolledo . The curtain falls with general joy and cheers to the queen .
Musical numbers
Act 1
Introducción y Coro de monderos : `` Vuelta al trabajo , basta de holgar ''
Aria de Sandoval : `` ¡Qué estalle el rayo ! ''
Balada de Catalina : `` En la noche callada ''
Terceto de Catalina , Sandoval y Rebolledo : `` No es tu prima la más bella ''
Act 1 Finale : `` Pronto amigos , pronto amigos , ojo alerta ''
Act 2
Preludio ( Orchestra )
Coro de Damas y Caballeros : `` Vuestra sien de angel , niña gentil ''
Concertante de Catalina , Diana , Rebolledo , Sandoval , Campomayor y Coro : `` Niñas que a vender flores ''
Bolero a ( Dos ) : `` Niñas que a vender flores ''
Dúo de Catalina y Sandoval : `` ¿Por qué me martirizas , linda morena ? ''
Dúo de Sandoval y Diana : `` Si a decirle me atreviera ''
Act 2 Finale : `` Mil parabienes al orador ''
Act 3
Introduction : `` ¿Qué nuevas corren ?
Quintet of Diana , Campomayor , Sandoval , Don Sebastián , Rebolledo : `` ¡Ah ! . ¡Qué miro ! ''
Romanza de Catalina : `` De qué me sirve ''
Coro y Marcha de la Coronación : `` No se traslució ''
Finale : `` ¡Gloria a la reina de Portugal ! ''
References
Spanish-language operas
1854 operas
Zarzuelas
Operas set in Portugal
Operas based on works by Eugène Scribe
Michael Joseph Boulette ( born June 4 , 1950 ) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who has been serving as an auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of San Antonio in Texas since 2017 .
Biography
Early life
Michael J. Boulette was born in Hudson Falls , New York , on June 4 , 1950 . Boulette holds the following academic degrees :
Bachelor of Psychology cum laude from St. Mary 's University in San Antonio , Texas ( 1971 )
Master of Psychology from Trinity University in San Antonio ( 1972 ) ,
Master of Divinity from the University of Notre Dame ( 1975 ) ,
Doctor of Preaching and Worship from the Austin Presbyterian Theological Seminary in Austin , Texas ( 1993 ) .
Priesthood
On March 19 , 1976 , Boulette was ordained to the priesthood for the Archdiocese of San Antonio . Boulette was the founding director of St. Peter Upon the Water , a training center for Catholic spiritual directors in Ingram , Texas . On March 10 , 2005 , Boulette was granted the title of monsignor by Pope John Paul II .
Auxiliary Bishop of San Antonio
Pope Francis appointed Boulette as titular bishop of Hieronan and as an auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of San Antonio on January 23 , 2017 . Boulette was consecrated on March 20 , 2017 , by Archbishop Gustavo Garcia-Siller .
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs , archbishops , and bishops
References
External links
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio
Episcopal succession
1950 births
Living people
People from Hudson Falls , New York
21st-century American Roman Catholic titular bishops
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio
Catholics from New York ( state )
Bishops appointed by Pope Francis
Kevin Richard Parsons ( May 9 , 1930 – March 10 , 2013 ) was a Canadian politician . They represented the electoral district of Cape St. Francis in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1986 to 1993 . They are a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador . They were born at Flatrock , Newfoundland . They were also a former mayor of their hometown .
References
1930 births
2013 deaths
Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Heydrich is a German surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Reinhard Heydrich ( 1904–1942 ) , high-ranking German Nazi official during World War II and a major perpetrator of the Holocaust
Heinz Heydrich ( 1905–1944 ) , younger brother of Reinhard Heydrich
Lina Heydrich ( 1911–1985 ) , wife of Reinhard Heydrich
Richard Bruno Heydrich ( 1865–1938 ) , German opera singer and composer , father of Reinhard Heydrich
See also
Heidrich
Hydrick
German-language surnames
Al-Baghuz Fawqani ( ) is a town in Syria , located in Abu Kamal District , Deir ez-Zor . According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics ( CBS ) , Al-Baghuz Fawqani had a population of 10,649 in the 2004 census .
Syrian Civil War
During the course of the Syrian Civil War , the Baghuz area ( including the nearby town Baghuz at-Tahtani ) came under the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIL ) jihadist organization . The area was initially administered by ISIL 's Euphrates Province , but later transferred to al-Barakah district .
During a multi-year campaign in eastern Syria , the town was captured from ISIL by the Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) on 23 January 2019 , leaving ISIL completely besieged in the town of Al-Marashidah , to the north . However , on the next day , ISIL launched a series of suicide attacks to break the siege , allowing them to recapture parts of the town ( mostly the western parts of the town ) , with the town 's outskirts being targeted by air raids of the international coalition . On 7 February 2019 , the SDF captured Al-Marashidah and other nearby areas from ISIL , completely besieging ISIL in the town of Al-Baghuz Fawqani , the final settlement under its control in the Levant .
Battle of Baghuz Fawqani
On 9 February 2019 , the Syrian Democratic Forces , supported by the CJTF-OIR Coalition , launched a final assault to take Baghuz Fawqani and wipe out the last bastion of physical territory held by the Islamic State , opening the attack with a massive bombardment on the Huwayjat Khanafirah neighborhood , with violent clashes continuing throughout the night and into the morning hours . The Coalition said it struck a mosque in Baghuz Fawqani on 11 February , as it was being used as a command and control center by the Islamic State .
On 28 February , SDF spokesperson Adnan Afrin announced discovery of a mass grave found 10 days ago in the town . It contained dozens of bodies , including of men and women while heads were also found in the grave . The SDF was trying to confirm whether they were Yazidis and Islamic State members . A video of Furat FM showed a mass-grave . The outlet 's executive said that most of the bodies were apparently shot in the head . SDF spokesperson Lilwa Abdulla confirmed they found the large number of Yazidi bodies though there was no specific number . However , locals said the corpses were victims of airstrikes .
The assault to take the town resumed on 1 March , with the remaining ISIL militants and their families besieged and encamped at a tent city along the river . On 18 March , the United States launched an airstrike which killed 80 people , most of them civilians according to the New York Times . On 19 March , SDF spokesperson Mustafa Bali announced that the SDF had control of all of Al-Baghuz Fawqani , with the exception for a few pockets along the shores of the Euphrates river , where intermittent clashes were still ongoing with resisting jihadists .
On Saturday , 23 March 2019 , SDF forces , backed by the US , retook all of Al-Baghuz Fawqani , ending ISIL 's territorial rule over Syria and depriving the group of its final `` capital , '' as well as removing almost all of the territory under their control .
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
4.1 Miles is a 2016 short documentary film about a Hellenic Coast Guard captain on the Greek island of Lesbos charged with the task of saving thousands of migrants crossing the Aegean Sea during the European migrant crisis . The film was directed by Daphne Matziaraki .
Release
The film premiered on NYTimes.com in September 2016 as part of Op-Docs , the newspaper 's editorial department 's forum for short , opinionated documentaries .
Awards
2016 : 43rd Annual Student Film Awards - Best Documentary ( Gold )
2016 : Peabody Award
2017 : 89th Academy Awards Best Documentary Short Subject ( nominated )
References
External links
The complete documentary on the New York Times website
2016 films
2016 documentary films
Greek short documentary films
2010s Greek-language films
Peabody Award-winning broadcasts
2010s short documentary films
Films shot in Lesbos
2016 short films
Works about the European migrant crisis
Umimayanthus parasiticus , commonly known as the sponge zoanthid , is a species of coral in the order Zoantharia which grows symbiotically on several species of sponge . It is found in shallow waters in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico .
Description
The polyps of Umimayanthus parasiticus superficially resemble rather small sea anemones . They grow either singly or in small groups of two or three on the surface of certain species of sponge . The polyps are joined by a thin layer of tissue called coenenchyme and occur at densities of 3 to 10 per square centimetre ( 20 to 60 per square inch ) . The distances between the polyps widens as they spread out over the surface of the host sponge by budding . The polyp 's column is encrusted with sand particles and calcareous material and is white . The oral disc is up to in diameter and there are two rings of tentacles round the edge with about 14 tentacles in each . These are brown and contain symbiotic zooxanthellae , unicellular photosynthetic algae which supply the polyp with nutrients while benefiting from its nitrogenous waste .
Distribution and habitat
Umimayanthus parasiticus is found in the Caribbean Sea , the Gulf of Mexico , Florida , Bermuda and the Bahamas at depths varying from . It is common where its host sponges are found . These include Cliona deletrix and other Cliona spp. , Gelloides ramosa , Callyspongia vaginalis and Spheciospongia spp ..
Biology
Like other corals , the polyps of Umimayanthus parasiticus extend their tentacles to feed on zooplankton . It is probable that the coral benefits from the flow of water into and out of the sponge which increases the number of food particles coming within its reach . The sponge is a filter feeder and feeds on the bacteria and dissolved organic matter it removes from the water passing through its tissues . The presence of the coral obstructs the inflow of water . Some sponges produce anti-fouling compounds which they release into the surrounding water to try to prevent other organisms colonizing their surface . Nevertheless , an ongoing study of sponges colonized by zoanthid corals showed positive benefits to the sponge in growth and survival rates so the association seems to be mutualistic .
The sexes are separate in Umimayanthus parasiticus . Oocytes start developing in February and become mature when the water temperature rises to about in July . Spawning takes place precisely two nights after the full moon during the next three months , with the main spawning event taking place in September . The eggs are shed singly and contain no zooxanthellae and fertilisation occurs in the water column . Little is known of the development of the larvae .
References
Corals described in 1860
Parazoanthus
A Lost Life ( ) is a 1976 West German drama film directed by Ottokar Runze . It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival , where Gerhard Olschewski won the Silver Bear for Best Actor .
Cast
Gerhard Olschewski as Cioska
Marius Müller-Westernhagen as Sigorski
Gert Haucke as Kommissar Weber
References
External links
1976 films
1976 crime drama films
German crime drama films
West German films
1970s German-language films
Films directed by Ottokar Runze
Films set in the 1920s
German black-and-white films
1970s German films
Kevin Drake ( born March 26 , 1979 ) is an American musician , who is best known for being one of the original touring guitarists in the rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars .
They grew up in Los Angeles , California , and started playing piano around five years of age . At 10 they started learning the guitar . They now plays multiple instruments and works with music production .
They were originally the bassist for Thirty Seconds to Mars , but was eventually brought on as an additional guitarist in 2001 . Drake was only in Thirty Seconds to Mars for a little over a year , and left the band primarily due to touring issues .
They later went on to join a band called Dillusion , with Preston Moronie ( a member of Hyper Crush ) and Jason Evigan ( singer for After Midnight Project ) .
References
Living people
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
21st-century American male musicians
1979 births
Quincy McKnight ( born December 5 , 1995 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Široki of the Bosnian Championship . They played college basketball for the Sacred Heart Pioneers and the Seton Hall Pirates . They grew up in Bridgeport , Connecticut and attended St. Joseph High School before transferring to The Phelps School . McKnight played two seasons at Sacred Heart , where they were named to the First Team All-Northeast Conference , before transferring to Seton Hall . They were named Honorable Mention All-Big East after leading the team to a share of the league championship during their senior season .
Early life and high school career
McKnight was born and raised in Bridgeport , Connecticut . They are the son of Vanessa Bruce and Terry McKnight . Shortly after they won a diocesan championship at 13 years old , their mother was diagnosed with cancer . They died several weeks later . Quincy used their death as motivation to become better at basketball .
McKnight began their high school career at St. Joseph High School in Trumbull , Connecticut , and led the team to back-to-back state championships . As a junior , they averaged 22 points per game , but they injured their knee in the spring . They transferred to The Phelps School where they competed in basketball and tennis . McKnight was an honor roll performer academically at The Phelps School and was coached in basketball by Brian Shanahan . In Amateur Athletic Union ( AAU ) play , they competed for the PSA Cardinals in the Peach Jam tournament . As a senior at The Phelps School , they averaged 15.9 points , 4.2 rebounds , and 3.5 assists per game and was selected to play in the 2015 Jordan Brand Classic Regional Game . They led the team to the 2015 state championship . McKnight was lightly recruited , being regarded as a two-star prospect ranked no . 341 in their class by 247 Sports . They committed to play college basketball for Sacred Heart .
College career
As a first-year student , McKnight averaged 11.4 points and 5.3 rebounds per game . They were a five-time Northeast Conference rookie of the week honoree and was named to the league All-Rookie team . McKnight scored a career-high 44 points in a triple-overtime win against Bryant during their sophomore season . They also posted 36 points in a loss to Boston College and scored at least 25 points in 10 games . They were named Northeast Conference player of the week on three occasions . As a sophomore , McKnight averaged 18.9 points , 4.9 rebounds and 3.0 assists per game . They were named to the First Team All-Northeast Conference . After the season , they announced their intention to transfer . McKnight scored 914 points in two seasons at Sacred Heart .
After impressing in an open gym workout , McKnight transferred to Seton Hall and was offered a scholarship on the spot . McKnight redshirted the 2017–18 season , during which they engaged in fierce practices against Khadeen Carrington , whom they credited with making them a better player . McKnight forged a special relationship with Myles Powell during a summer class in 2017 . During their junior season , McKnight emerged as a lockdown defender and secondary scorer to Powell . They averaged 9.4 points , 3.9 assists , and 1.6 steals per game . On December 19 , 2019 , McKnight scored 17 points and had eight rebounds and six assists , including two free throws with 1.1 seconds on the clock , in an upset win against Maryland without the injured Powell and Sandro Mamukelashvili . The following game , McKnight scored a season-high 25 points in a win against Prairie View A & M . On February 3 , 2020 , they scored 15 points in a 74–62 loss to Xavier but injured their knee late in the game and was listed as day-to-day . An MRI revealed a muscle sprain , and they returned for the following game against Georgetown . As a senior , McKnight averaged 11.9 points , 5.4 assists , and 1.5 steals per game . They led the Big East Conference in assists and was named Honorable Mention All-Big East after leading the team to a share of the league championship . McKnight tallied 295 assists in two years at Seton Hall , placing themselves in the school 's top-20 despite playing 64 games for the Pirates .
Professional career
In January 2021 , McKnight was selected with the seventh pick in the second round of the NBA G League Draft by the Fort Wayne Mad Ants . They played sparingly and averaged 0.8 points , 1.7 rebounds , and 2.2 assists per game . On December 5 , 2021 , McKnight signed with Široki of the Bosnian Championship . They parted ways with the team on January 13 , 2022 .
Career statistics
College
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2015–16
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Sacred Heart
| 27 || 27 || 32.1 || .433 || .250 || .565 || 5.3 || 2.5 || 1.6 || .4 || 11.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2016–17
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Sacred Heart
| 32 || 31 || 32.5 || .429 || .321 || .775 || 4.9 || 3.0 || 1.6 || .2 || 18.9
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2017–18
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Seton Hall
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 11 '' | Redshirt
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2018–19
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Seton Hall
| 34 || 33 || 28.5 || .452 || .269 || .641 || 2.7 || 3.9 || 1.6 || .2 || 9.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2019–20
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Seton Hall
| 30 || 30 || 30.7 || .414 || .346 || .850 || 3.3 || 5.4 || 1.5 || .2 || 11.9
|- class= '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' | Career
| 123 || 121 || 30.9 || .431 || .308 || .725 || 4.0 || 3.7 || 1.6 || .2 || 12.9
References
External links
Seton Hall Pirates bio
Sacred Heart Pioneers bio
1995 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Bosnia and Herzegovina
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Connecticut
HKK Široki players
Shooting guards
Sacred Heart Pioneers men 's basketball players
Seton Hall Pirates men 's basketball players
Sportspeople from Bridgeport , Connecticut
Fort Wayne Mad Ants players
Fan Dance is part of the Fitness and Navigation phase of the selection process for the United Kingdom 's Special Forces , as well as 16 Air Assault Brigade 's Pathfinder Platoon and as part of Platoon Commanders ' Battle Course ( PCBC ) for all British Infantry Officers .
The Fan Dance is a load bearing march that takes place at the end of the first week of the selection course . It is used as the first major indicator of whether a candidate has the physical and mental aptitude to complete the selection .
The candidates climb Pen y Fan 's west slope ( facing Corn Du ) and then descend on the far side , known as Jacob 's Ladder . The rest of the route follows the old Roman road before going back on itself for the return leg . Candidates are allowed 4 hours 10 minutes to complete the route regardless of weather .
The Fan Dance is a DS ( Directing Staff ) led group march , the route of the DS must be followed , but it is essentially down to the individual 's own effort to complete so long as they come in under the allotted time .
References
External links
The Fan Dance , BBC Radio 4
British military exercises
Widow 's weeds can refer to :
Widow 's Weeds ( Tristania album ) , an album by the Norwegian gothic metal band , Tristania .
Widow 's Weeds ( Silversun Pickups album ) , an album by American alternative rock band , Silversun Pickups .
Clothes worn by a widow during a period of mourning for their spouse ( from the Old English `` Waed '' meaning `` garment '' )
Aleksandrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Chełm County
Gideon Ebijitimi ( born 26 November 1981 in Lagos ) is a Nigerian born Romanian professional footballer , who currently plays for Millenium Giarmata .
Career
The striker played their professional debut in the Romanian Liga I on 11 August 2001 in the game of their club Oțelul Galați against UM Timişoara . After on season was released and they played than with the clubs
Apulum Alba Iulia , Minaur Zlatna , Petrolul Ploiesti , FC Vaslui , CSM Reșița , Forex Brașov , Corvinul Hunedoara , CS Minerul Lupeni , FC Hunedoara .
Notes
1981 births
Living people
Nigerian footballers
CSM Reșița players
FC Unirea Alba Iulia players
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Sportspeople from Lagos
FC Vaslui players
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
FC Petrolul Ploiești players
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
ASC Oțelul Galați players
CS Minerul Lupeni players
FC Corvinul Hunedoara players
Romanian footballers
Three ships of the Imperial German Navy have been named SMS Cyclop :
: gunboat , launched 1860
: dock ship , launched 1916
German Navy ship names
Mayalodu ( ) is a 1993 Indian Telugu-language comedy film directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy . The film stars Rajendra Prasad , Soundarya and music composed by S. V. Krishna Reddy . The film was produced by K. Achi Reddy under Manisha Films and presented by Kishore Rathi . Mayalodu was recorded as a Superhit at the box office . The film won two Nandi Awards .
Plot
Veerababu is a roadside magician along with their friend Pandu and performs on the roads to earn their living . Once while doing such a show , they come across a cute little girl , known as Puppy . Veerababu tries to ask for their details so that they can drop them back at their home . But they discover that Puppy 's uncle Appalakonda had killed their parents for property and is trying to kill them Veerababu takes their home for safety . But unfortunately , due to an accident , Puppy loses their eyesight . Veerababu tries hard to collect the money for Puppy 's treatment and saves the money with Padmanabham , who is the father of Siri , who is deeply in love with Veerababu . When Veerababu asks Padmanabham to give back their money , they refuse and warns them to stay away from their daughter . Veerababu ties them up to their chair and takes away their money . Noticing all this , Appalakonda kills Padmanabham so that they can take away the rest of the money and can blame the murder on Veerababu . Even Siri believes that Veerababu is the person responsible for their father 's murder . Veerababu , using their magical powers funnily uses their tricks to teach Appalakonda and their henchmen a lesson . At last , Appalakonda reveals the truth to the judge and Puppy gets them eyes .
Cast
Rajendra Prasad as Veera Babu
Soundarya as Siri
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Appalakonda
Brahmanandam as Inspector
Babu Mohan as Chanti
Gundu Hanumantha Rao as Pandu
Ali as Constable
AVS as Supermarket Owner
Padmanabham as Padmanabham
Subbaraya Sharma as I.G .
Jenny
Narsing Yadav
K. K. Sarma as Comedy Wizard
Potti Veeraiah as Comedy Wizard
Maganti Sudhakar as Puppy 's father
Kishore Rathi as Magician
Vidyasagar as Tirupati
Sri Lakshmi as Appalakonda 's second wife
Nirmalamma as Veera Babu 's Bamma
Baby Nikitha as Puppy
Soundtrack
Music composed by S. V. Krishna Reddy . The song `` Chinuku Chinuku '' was well received and was again reused in another Krishna Reddy film , Subhalagnam ( 1994 ) . Music released on AKASH Audio Company .
Awards
Nandi Awards
Best Home Viewing Feature Film - K. Atchi Reddy
Best Child Actress - Baby Nikhita
References
External links
1993 films
Indian romantic comedy films
Films directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy
Films scored by S. V. Krishna Reddy
1990s Telugu-language films
1993 romantic comedy films
Burgers and Fries/When I Stop Leaving ( I 'll Be Gone ) is a studio album by American country music artist Charley Pride . It was released in October 1978 via RCA Victor Records and contained ten tracks . It was co-produced by Pride and Jerry Bradley . The project was Pride 's twenty fifth studio release in their recording career and reached major chart positions in the United States and Canada . Three singles were released off the album , including both of its title tracks and `` Where Do I Put Them Memory . '' All three singles became major hits on the country charts in the United States and Canada .
Background and content
Charley Pride became initially successful from their traditional country style , which was found throughout their early work in the late 1960s and the early 1970s . As musical tastes changed in country music , Pride 's style shifted towards country pop . According to writers such as Stephen Thomas Erlewine , certain physical characteristics contributed to this successful musical shift , notably Pride 's baritone voice range . This country pop influence was found on later 1970s albums , including Burgers and Fries/When I Stop Leaving ( I 'll Be Gone ) .
The record was recorded in 1977 at the Music City Hall studio , located in Nashville , Tennessee . It was Pride 's first recording session for an album at the latter studio . The sessions were co-produced by Pride and their recent collaborator , Jerry Bradley . The album consisted of ten tracks . All of the songs were newly recorded material for Pride . Both of the project 's title tracks were new recordings , and two more cuts composed by Ben Peters . The track , `` I Can See Lovin ' in Your Eyes , '' was co-written by Pride , along with two additional collaborators .
Release and reception
Burgers and Fries/When I Stop Leaving ( I 'll Be Gone ) was initially released in October 1978 on the RCA Victor label . It would mark Pride 's twenty fifth studio album release in their career . The record was initially released as both a vinyl LP and a cassette . In later decades , it was re-released in a digital format for downloads and streaming purposes . It spent a total of 32 weeks on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart . In December 1978 , the record peaked at number seven on the chart . It reached a similar position on the Canadian RPM Country Albums chart , reaching number four . In later years it would receive a four-star rating from Allmusic , who named its title track ( `` Burgers and Fries '' ) an `` album pick . ''
Three singles were released from the album . Its first was one of its title tracks , `` When I Stop Leavin ' ( I 'll Be Gone ) , '' which was issued as a single in May 1978 . The song would peak at number three on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart by August . Its second single release was also a title track , `` Burgers and Fries . '' It was officially released in October 1978 . It spent 14 weeks on the Billboard country chart and reached number two by December . Its third ( and final ) single release was `` Where Do I Put Them Memory , '' in February 1979 . By April 1979 , the single had reached number one on the Billboard country songs list . All three singles would also reach number one on the RPM Country Singles chart in Canada .
Track listings
Vinyl version
Cassette version
Digital version
Personnel
All credits are adapted from the liner notes of Burgers and Fries/When I Stop Leaving ( I 'll Be Gone ) .
Musical personnel
Hayward Bishop – drums
Harold Bradley – bass guitar
David Briggs – piano
Sonny Garrish – steel guitar
Johnny Gimble – fiddle
The Jordanaires – background vocals
Mike Leach – bass
Charlie McCoy – harmonica , vibes
Charley Pride – lead vocals
Dale Sellers – guitar
Pete Wade – guitar
Tommy Williams – fiddle
Chip Young – guitar
Technical personnel
Jerry Bradley – producer
Herb Burnette – art direction
Sam Causey – photography
Dan Dea – engineer
Bill Harris – engineer
Randy Kling – mastering
Charley Pride – producer
Bergen White – arrangement
Chart performance
Release history
References
1978 albums
Albums produced by Jerry Bradley ( music executive )
Albums produced by Charley Pride
Charley Pride albums
RCA Victor albums
Stanley Hugh Gallimore ( 14 April 1910 – September 1994 ) was an English footballer . Their regular position was as a forward . They were born in Bucklow Hill , Cheshire and died in the Trafford district of Cheshire . They played for Witton Albion , Manchester United , Altrincham and Northwich Victoria .
They joined Manchester United from Witton Albion in September 1929 and made their first team debut at West Ham United on 11 October 1930 . They went on to make a total of 76 appearances scoring 20 goals of which 1 was scored in the 4 F.A . Cup ties they played in .
References
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1910 births
1994 deaths
English footballers
Witton Albion F.C . players
Manchester United F.C . players
Altrincham F.C . players
Northwich Victoria F.C . players
Association football forwards
Genetic Testing and Molecular Biomarkers is a monthly peer reviewed scientific journal published by Mary Ann Liebert , Inc . The editor-in-chief is Garth D. Ehrlichs ( PhD ) . The journal covers genetic testing research along with associated ethical , legal , social , and economic issues . Related genetic testing coverage includes risk assessment , genetic counseling , carrier detection , novel instrumentation , and cytogenetics . It is the official journal of Genetic Alliance .
Abstracting and indexing
This journal is indexed and abstracted by the following services :
PubMed/MEDLINE
Current Contents/Life Sciences
Current Contents/Clinical Medicine
Science Citation Index
Biotechnology Citation Index
Biological Abstracts
BIOSIS Previews
EMBASE/Excerpta Medica
EMBiology
Scopus
CAB Abstracts
Global Health
References
External links
Mary Ann Liebert academic journals
Genetics journals
Molecular and cellular biology journals
Richard Miles ( born 1969 ) is a British historian and archaeologist , best known for presenting two major historical documentary series : BBC2 's Ancient Worlds ( 2010 ) , which presented a comprehensive overview of classical history and the dawn of civilisation , and BBC Four 's Archaeology : a Secret History ( 2013 ) .
Miles was born in Pembury , Kent . They studied ancient history and archaeology at the University of Liverpool and sat for a PhD in classics under Professor Peter Garnsey at Jesus College , Cambridge . They are a professor of Roman history and archaeology and pro-vice-chancellor of enterprise and engagement at the University of Sydney . They were formerly head of the School of Philosophical and Historical Inquiry , and is a former director of the Arts Career Ready Programme at Sydney . Their research primarily concerns Punic and Late Roman history and archaeology .
They have directed archaeological digs in Carthage and Rome , and in 2010 they published Carthage Must Be Destroyed : The Rise and Fall of an Ancient Mediterranean Civilisation . They also hosted the two-part Channel 4 series Carthage : The Roman Holocaust ( 2004 ) , which focuses upon the war between Carthage and Rome .
Works
( editor ) Constructing Identities in Late Antiquity ( Routledge , 1999 )
Carthage Must Be Destroyed ( Allen Lane , 2010 ) ; Paperback ( Penguin , 2011 )
The Vandals ( Wiley-Blackwell , 2010 ) .
Ancient Worlds : The Search for the Origins of Western Civilization ( Allen Lane , 2010 )
( editor ) The Donatist Schism : Controversy and Contexts ( Liverpool University Press , 2016 )
References
External links
Richard Miles faculty homepage
British archaeologists
British historians
Living people
British television presenters
Alumni of Jesus College , Cambridge
1969 births
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
Zarajec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce , in the Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately north-west of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Zarajec
Sir Donald Coleman Bailey , OBE ( 15 September 1901 – 5 May 1985 ) was an English civil engineer who invented the Bailey bridge . Field Marshal Montgomery is recorded as saying that `` without the Bailey bridge , we should not have won the war . ''
Background
Bailey attended Rotherham Grammar School and The Leys School in Cambridge . They read for a BEng degree at the University of Sheffield and graduated in 1923 .
Bailey was a civil servant in the War Office when they designed their bridge . Another engineer , A. M. Hamilton , successfully demonstrated that the Bailey bridge breached a patent on the Callender-Hamilton bridge , though the Bailey bridge was generally regarded as being superior for temporary use .
Bailey was knighted in 1946 for their bridge design . By this time they were living quietly in Southbourne in Bournemouth . Dorothy Barnes , one of the girls at the Southbourne Crossroads bank , which they used regularly was surprised to learn that their unassuming customer had been knighted . They died in Bournemouth in 1985 . There is , as yet , no blue plaque in Bournemouth to commemorate him . Their 1940s home was demolished c 2004 and replaced by flats , although they also had other addresses in Bournemouth , being recorded in 1974 at 14 Viking Close , as Bailey , Sir Donald C. OBE , JP . The house in which Bailey was born , 24 Albany Street , Rotherham is still standing .
During the Second World War , there was a factory making the components for the Bailey bridge in the neighbouring town of Christchurch , where a section of bridge still remains , at a retail park in Barrack Road . The components were shipped to training grounds in Cumbria , where men learned the difficult technique of assembling them in rivers at night , to simulate combat conditions .
Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery wrote in 1947 :
Honours and awards
4 January 1943 - Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) for Donald Coleman Bailey , Esq. , O.B.E. , A.M.Inst.C.E. , Assistant Superintendent and Chief Designer , Experimental Bridging Establishment , Ministry of Supply .
1 January 1946 - Knighthood for Donald Coleman Bailey , Esq. , O.B.E. , A.M.Inst.C.E. , Acting Superintendent , Experimental Bridging Establishment , Ministry of Supply .
1 January 1948 - Commander of the Order of Orange-Nassau for services during the war .
References
External links
Pathe News , newsreel featuring Balie , 1945 .
Gallery
English civil engineers
Alumni of the University of Sheffield
Civil servants in the War Office
People educated at The Leys School
English inventors
People from Rotherham
War Office personnel in World War II
Knights Bachelor
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Commanders of the Order of Orange-Nassau
1901 births
1985 deaths
Civil servants in the Ministry of Supply
Charles Harold Ward ( 16 September 1911 – August 2001 ) was a prominent English golfer of the 1940s , winner of the British Order of Merit in both 1948 and 1949 , and twice finishing third in The Open Championship , in 1948 and 1951 . They would add their name , at some stage , to the roll of honour of almost every leading event in British professional golf , with the exception of the Open .
Ward was born in Birmingham , England . Like many players their age , Ward 's best years were denied to them by World War II , so it was fitting that they should win the first professional event played after VE Day , the Daily Mail Victory Tournament at St Andrews . After their victory they returned late to their posting at an RAF base and as a punishment , was confined to barracks . Ward would win three events in 1948 ( one of them in a tie ) , and gained more recognition for their 1949 season , their three wins that year including the rich Spalding and North British-Harrogate Tournaments and then the British Masters , also played that year at St Andrews .
Further victories followed in 1950 ( the Daily Mail Tournament at Walton Heath , which Ward won in a playoff against Bobby Locke and Australian Ossie Pickworth ) and 1951 ( the Dunlop Tournament and the Lotus Tournament ) before Ward 's final victory on the British circuit in 1956 , the British PGA Championship at Maesdu .
Ward represented Great Britain on three occasions in the Ryder Cup , in 1947 , 1949 and 1951 , although they only enjoyed one victory in their six matches , losing twice to Sam Snead and once to Ben Hogan .
Ward died after a short illness in August 2001 , a month short of their 90th birthday .
Tournament wins
1934 Dunlop-Midland Professional Championship
1937 West of England Professional Championship
1945 Daily Mail Tournament
1947 Daily Telegraph Foursomes Tournament ( with Ronnie White )
1948 Silver King Tournament ( tie with Jimmy Adams ) , Yorkshire Evening News Tournament , R A Brand Tournament , Daily Telegraph Foursomes Tournament ( with Gerald Micklem )
1949 Spalding Tournament , North British-Harrogate Tournament , Dunlop Masters
1950 Daily Mail Tournament
1951 Dunlop Tournament , International Professional Mixed Foursomes , Lotus Tournament
1956 PGA Close Championship
1965 PGA Seniors Championship
Results in major championships
Note : Ward only played in The Open Championship .
NT = No tournament
CUT = missed the half-way cut
`` T '' indicates a tie for a place
Team appearances
Ryder Cup ( representing Great Britain ) : 1947 , 1949 , 1951
England–Ireland Professional Match ( representing England ) : 1932 ( winners )
References
English male golfers
Ryder Cup competitors for Europe
Sportspeople from Birmingham , West Midlands
1911 births
2001 deaths
The following lists events that happened during 1927 in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics .
Incumbents
General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union – Joseph Stalin
Chairman of the Central Executive Committee of the Congress of Soviets – Mikhail Kalinin
Chairman of the Council of People 's Commissars of the Soviet Union – Alexei Rykov
Events
February
25 February – Article 58 ( RSFSR Penal Code ) is put into force .
May
12 May – During the Arcos Affair , British police officers raid the headquarters of ARCOS in London .
December
2–19 December – 15th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party ( Bolsheviks )
Births
14 January – Ivan Kalita , Olympic equestrian
16 March – Vladimir Komarov , test pilot and cosmonaut
23 March – Aleksandr Tarasov , Soviet Olympic modern pentathlete
31 March – Vladimir Ilyushin , test pilot
10 April – Alexey Ekimyan , Armenian-Russian composer
20 April – Mirian Tsalkalamanidze , Olympic wrestler
15 May – Leila Mardanshina , oil and gas operator ( died 2017 )
16 May – Boris Tokarev , Olympic athlete
28 May – Aleksandr Moiseyev , Olympic basketball player
3 June – Evgeny Chuprun , painter
12 June – Timir Pinegin , Olympic sailor ( died 2013 )
23 June
Leonid Bogdanov , Soviet Olympic fencer
Galina Rumiantseva , painter
26 June – Ben Turok , Belarus-born South African anti-apartheid activist , professor and politician ( d. 2019 )
28 June – Boris Shilkov , Olympic speed skater
23 July – Dmitry Buchkin , Soviet painter
22 August – Aleksandr Tenyagin , football player and manager ( died 2008 )
24 August – Levko Lukyanenko , Ukrainian politician ( died 2018 )
15 September – Boris Gostev , Soviet Minister of Finance
1 October – Oleg Yefremov , actor
27 October – Mikhail Postnikov , mathematician
28 October – Roza Makagonova , actor
7 November – Piotr Litvinsky , painter
12 November – Pavel Kharin , Olympic canoeist
6 December – Vladimir Naumov , film director
8 December – Vladimir Shatalov , Soyuz cosmonaut
14 December – Nikolay Tatarinov , Olympic modern pentathlete
Deaths
18 May – Nikifor Begichev , Soviet seaman and explorer ( born 1874 )
16 June – Károly Vántus , Hungarian Communist Party politician ( born 1879 )
16 November – Adolph Joffe , diplomat , committed suicide ( born 1883 )
14 December – Julian Sochocki , Russian-Polish mathematician ( born 1842 )
See also
1927 in fine arts of the Soviet Union
List of Soviet films of 1927
References
1920s in the Soviet Union
Years in the Soviet Union
Soviet Union
Soviet Union
Soviet Union
Sir John Elliot ( 6 May 1898 – 18 September 1988 ) was a British transport and railway manager . Born John Elliot Blumenfeld , they were the son of the Daily Mail news editor R. D. Blumenfeld ( who later became managing editor of the Daily Express . ) They changed their surname to Elliot ( his mother 's surname ) in March 1923 on the advice of Lord Beaverbrook .
Biography
Early career
Elliot was educated at Marlborough School . They joined the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst where they trained as an officer in the years immediately before the First World War . During the War , they served as an officer in France , in the 3rd The King 's Own Hussars , before following their father into journalism . They spent three years in New York , and then returned to London to become the assistant editor of the Evening Standard from 1922 to 1925 .
Railway career
In 1925 , Elliot joined the Southern Railway as public relations assistant to the General Manager Sir Herbert Walker . Under Elliot 's leadership , the Southern Railway became noted for the simple , direct messages in its publicity posters . One in particular , showing a small boy talking to the driver of a King Arthur 4-6-0 at Waterloo became internationally famous . The naming of this class of locomotive after characters from Arthurian legend was `` in itself a master stroke of publicity '' .
In 1930 , Elliot became assistant traffic manager for the railway , and in 1938 was appointed assistant general manager to Gilbert Szlumper . Shortly after the Second World War they became acting General Manager when their predecessor , Sir Eustace Missenden , was appointed to the Railway Executive . In late 1948 , the Southern Railway was nationalised , with the rest of the railway system , into British Railways . Elliot took the role of Chief Regional Officer of the Southern region of the nationalised company and later the London Midland region . In 1951 , they became Chairman of the Railway Executive . Elliot spent much of 1949 in Australia , reporting on the Victorian Railways system , they recommended a significant re-equipment of their system , which they started in 1950 .
Elliot was appointed as Chairman of London Transport in 1953 , a post they held until 1959 . They were an early proponent of the building of the Victoria line and oversaw the trial tunneling work for it in the late 1950s , though the line did not open until many years after they left London Transport .
In October 1937 they were appointed Lieutenant-Colonel in the Engineer and Railway Staff Corps , and was promoted to full Colonel in May 1951 . They commanded the unit from January 1956 until they were retired due to their age on 7 May 1963 . They resigned their commission in December 1973 . They were the president of the Railway Study Association in 1950–51 .
After the railways
After leaving British Railways , Elliot became Chairman of Thomas Cook & Son Ltd , a post they held from 1959 until 1967 . They received a knighthood in the 1954 New Years honours list . From 1965 to 1969 , they were a director of the British Airports Authority .
Elliot 's autobiography , On and Off the Rails , was published by George Allen & Unwin in 1982 . They were also noted for their writing about the French Revolution and the First World War .
Family
Elliot 's son , David , was born in 1927 . They were an enthusiastic railway photographer , capturing the last days of the Talyllyn Railway before it was preserved . David later became the Academic Registrar of Trinity College of Music during the 1970s and 1980s . In 1986 , David hosted a BBC Radio 3 radio program , claiming that the composer Anton Bruckner was influenced by a love of railways ; this spoof program brought together David 's love of music and railways .
Works
References
Further reading
1898 births
1988 deaths
British Rail people
Southern Railway ( UK ) people
Knights Bachelor
3rd The King 's Own Hussars officers
Engineer and Railway Staff Corps officers
People associated with transport in London
British autobiographers
War Heroes is a compilation album by American guitarist Jimi Hendrix . Released in the UK on October 1 , 1972 , and in December 1972 in the US , it was the third album of mostly unreleased studio recordings to be issued after Hendrix 's death . The album was engineered , mixed and compiled by Eddie Kramer and John Jansen , although biographer and later Hendrix producer John McDermott also identifies Hendrix as a producer .
War Heroes contains three songs that Hendrix proposed for their fourth studio album : `` Stepping Stone '' , `` Izabella '' , and `` Beginnings '' ( listed as `` Beginning '' ) . These and songs from the two 1971 albums , The Cry of Love and Rainbow Bridge , were included on First Rays of the New Rising Sun ( 1997 ) . War Heroes reached number 23 in the UK Albums Chart , number 48 on the US Billboard 200 , and number 51 in Canada .
Track listing
All tracks written by Jimi Hendrix , except where noted
Personnel
Jimi Hendrixguitars , vocals
Mitch Mitchelldrums
Billy Coxbass guitar on `` Bleeding Heart '' , `` Peter Gunn Catastrophe '' , `` Stepping Stone '' and `` Izabella ''
Noel Reddingbass guitar on `` Highway Chile '' , `` Tax Free '' and `` Midnight ''
Recording details
`` Bleeding Heart '' recorded at Record Plant in New York City , on March 24 , 1970
`` Highway Chile '' recorded at Olympic Studios in London , on April 3 , 1967
`` Tax Free '' recorded at Record Plant , on May 1 , 1968
`` Peter Gunn Catastrophe '' recorded at Record Plant , on May 14 , 1970
`` Stepping Stone '' recorded at Record Plant , on November 14 , 1969 and on June 26 , 1970 ( overdubs )
`` Midnight '' recorded at Olmstead Studios , on April 3 , 1969
`` 3 Little Bears '' recorded at Record Plant , on May 2 , 1968
`` Beginning '' recorded at Electric Lady Studios in New York City , on June 16 and/or July 1 , 1970
`` Izabella '' recorded at The Hit Factory in New York City , on August 28 and 29 , 1969
References
1972 compilation albums
Jimi Hendrix albums
Compilation albums published posthumously
Albums produced by Eddie Kramer
Albums recorded at Electric Lady Studios
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Murrumbidgee on 21 February 1876 because William Forster was appointed Agent-General in London .
Dates
Result
William Forster was appointed Agent-General in London .
See also
Electoral results for the district of Murrumbidgee
List of New South Wales state by-elections
Notes
References
1876 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1870s in New South Wales
The American Mercedes was made by Daimler Manufacturing Company of Long Island City , New York , United States from 1904 to 1907 . They were licensed copies of German Mercedes models . Some commercial vehicles , such as ambulances , were also made . The company was in direct competition with Mercedes Import Co. of New York , which handled the imported Mercedes for the entirety of the United States , at least in 1906 .
References
G. Marshal Naul , `` American Mercedes '' , in G.N . Georgano , ed. , The Complete Encyclopedia of Motorcars 1885-1968 ( New York : E.P . Dutton and Co. , 1974 ) , pp . 42 .
External links
`` The American Mercedes '' Brochure , 1906
Kevin Jon Davies ( born 1 June 1961 ) is a British television and video director primarily associated with documentaries and spin-off videos associated with Doctor Who , The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy and Blake 's 7 . They also worked on the BAFTA award-winning animation sequences of the 1981 Hitchhiker 's Guide television adaptation .
Davies wrote and directed the documentaries The Making of the Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy and Doctor Who : Thirty Years in the TARDIS . The latter was commissioned for and aired on BBC One in 1993 , in conjunction with the 30th anniversary of Doctor Who . Davies later expanded the documentary for video release under the title More Than Thirty Years in the TARDIS . Portions of other interviews by Davies have also appeared on Doctor Who DVD releases , such as The Beginning box set , and the two-DVD set for City of Death . Davies has also worked on the DVD extras for other BBC titles , such as Dad 's Army and The Andromeda Anthology .
Davies also directed the Doctor Who is a spin-off video Shakedown : Return of the Sontarans and two episodes of the Sky One science-fiction drama Space Island One .
In addition , Davies also worked in the animation department of the 1988 film Who Framed Roger Rabbit .
In March 2021 , Unbound announced a crowdfunder for 42 : the wildly improbable ideas of Douglas Adams , a book based on Douglas Adams ' papers , edited by Davies .
References
External links
Kevin Jon Davies ' youtube channel .
1961 births
Living people
British television directors
Ramius can refer to the following fictional characters :
Marko Ramius , a Soviet submarine captain in The Hunt for Red October , Tom Clancy 's debut novel and the film adaptation
Murrue Ramius , the captain of the Archangel of Cosmic Era Mobile Suit Gundam SEED
Ramius , a minor Goa'uld from the fictional Stargate universe
WARO is a commercial radio station located in Fort Myers , Florida , licensed to Naples , Florida , broadcasting to the Fort Myers/Naples area on 94.5 FM . WARO airs a classic rock music format branded as `` 94.5 The Arrow '' . The station previously broadcast an all-1970s music format until approximately 2003 .
Its transmitter is located east of I-75 near Bonita Springs in southern Lee County .
From 1996 to January 27 , 2012 , Sun Broadcasting was known as Meridian Broadcasting , Inc
External links
Official website
Broadcast Center | Fort Myers Broadcasting Co. | Sun Broadcasting , Inc .
ARO
Classic rock radio stations in the United States
1962 establishments in Florida
Radio stations established in 1962
Go Chase Yourself is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline and written by Paul Yawitz and Bert Granet . The film stars Joe Penner , Lucille Ball , Richard Lane , June Travis , Fritz Feld and Tom Kennedy . The film was released on April 22 , 1938 , by RKO Pictures .
Plot
A milquetoast bank clerk finds themselves stuck in a speeding trailer towed by gangsters after a bank robbery goes awry . Unfortunately for him , the police and even their own domineering wife believe that they are the robber and so head off in hot pursuit , precipitating a fast-paced merry chase .
Cast
Joe Penner as Wilbur Meeley
Lucille Ball as Carol Meeley
Richard Lane as Nails
June Travis as Judy Daniels
Fritz Feld as Count Pierre Fountaine de Louis-Louis
Tom Kennedy as Icebox
Granville Bates as Halliday
Bradley Page as Frank
George Irving as Mr. Daniels
Arthur Stone as Warden
Jack Carson as Warren Miles
Frank M. Thomas as Police Chief
References
External links
1938 films
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Edward F. Cline
1938 comedy films
American comedy films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Pfeffingen Castle ( ) is a castle in the municipality of Pfeffingen of the canton of Basel-Land in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
Pfeffingen Castle is one of the largest castle ruins in the Basel-Land canton . The area around Aesch and Pfeffingen was originally home to a Franconian royal court . However , no remains have persisted since this time . In 1135 Notker von Pfeffingen was mentioned for the first time , which was probably a reference to Count von Saugers .
At the end of the 12th century , the Pfeffingen castle fell to the Count of Thierstein . In 1212 a family of Schaffner von Pfeffingen , who lived in the castle , was mentioned for the first time . In the mid-13th century the castle was comprehensively rebuilt . At this time , the curtain wall and the large residential tower were built . In 1335 , the Bishop of Basel besieged the castle without success .
In 1356 , the Basel Earthquake damaged Pfeffingen castle . When the Counts of Thierstein-Pfeffingen tried to expand their rule , it led into conflict with the city of Basel , whereupon the Basel army successfully besieged the castle in 1376 and burned it down . The castle was restored after this .
In the 15th century Pfeffingen was conquered several times in wars between Austrian Habsburgs and Swiss armies ( during the Old Zürich War ) . In 1520 , the Mayor of Basel Jakob Meyer zum Hasen raided the castle with about two hundred men . The castle , heavily damaged by the numerous wars , could not be maintained . In 1571 , a new residential building was built as a replacement for the old residential tower , and a tower-defended gate and a bridge were built in the eastern part of the complex .
During the Thirty Years′ War in 1637 the castle was occupied by Swedish troops under Bernhard of Saxe-Weimar and , eleven years later , was left ( in very poor condition ) to the bishop . Around 1750 the castle was finally abandoned by the Blarer family of Wartensee , who moved to Aesch Castle . Afterwards , a hermit lived temporarily in the castle . In 1761 , the castle was auctioned for demolition and then fell rapidly .
After preparatory work in 2011 and 2012 , construction work began in May 2013 , overseen by ZPF Ingenieure . As the lime mortar that is used there can only be worked with when there is no frost , i.e . in the warmer half of the year , the work was projected to take around six years . As the largest and most seriously damaged part of the ruins , the residential tower was to be reconstructed first , with a particular focus on sealing the coping and structurally securing unstable sections . The goal of the work was to repair the existing damage and to preserve the historical structure .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Pfeffingen Castle Ruine on Spotting History.com
Cultural property of national significance in Basel-Landschaft
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Castles in Basel-Landschaft
Swapan may refer to :
Swapan Bauri , Indian politician
Swapan Bhattacharjee ( born 1952 ) , Bangladesh Awami League politician
Swapan Sadhan Bose ( born 1948 ) , Indian politician , Member of the Parliament of India
Swapan Kumar Chakravorty ( 1954–2021 ) , Indian academic , Professor of Humanities at the Presidency University , Kolkata
Swapan Chattopadhyay CorrFRSE ( born 1951 ) , Indian American physicist
Swapan Chaudhuri ( born 1945 ) , Indian tabla player
Swapan Das ( born 1990 ) , Indian first-class cricketer
Swapan Dasgupta ( born 1955 ) , Indian journalist and politician
Swapan Kumar Datta ( born 1953 ) , scientist ( Professor ) of rice biotechnology
Moni Swapan Dewan ( 18 May 1954 ) is a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician , former Member of Parliament
Swapan K. Gayen , Bengali-American physicist
Swapan Guha , Indian entrepreneur , Fellow of the Indian Institute of Ceramics
Swapan Majumder , Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party
Swapan Kumar Pati ( born 1968 ) , Indian quantum chemist , a professor of chemistry
Swapan Saha ( born 1930 ) , Indian Srestho Bengali film director
Swapan Sen ( born 1951 ) , Indian former cricketer
Abu Sayeed Al Mahmud Swapan , Bangladesh Awami League politician , Member of Parliament
Shafiqul Ghani Swapan , Bangladeshi politician , former chairperson of Bangladesh National Awami Party-Bangladesh
Shafiqul Islam Swapan , Bangladeshi cinematographer
Zahir Uddin Swapan , Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician , former Member of Parliament ,
See also
Swamp Man
Swapaanam
Swapna ( disambiguation )
Season twenty-three of Dancing with the Stars premiered on September 12 , 2016 , on the ABC network .
On November 22 , 2016 , Olympic gymnast Laurie Hernandez and Valentin Chmerkovskiy were announced the winners , while IndyCar driver James Hinchcliffe and Sharna Burgess finished in second place , and Detroit Lions wide receiver Calvin Johnson Jr. and Lindsay Arnold finished third .
Cast
Couples
The first eight professional dancers were revealed on Good Morning America on August 23 , 2016 : Lindsay Arnold , Sharna Burgess , Witney Carson , Artem Chigvintsev , Val Chmerkovskiy , Sasha Farber , Allison Holker , and Gleb Savchenko . Later , other returning dancers were announced : Emma Slater , Maksim Chmerkovskiy , Derek Hough , and Cheryl Burke . Jenna Johnson was the only new pro this season , having previously been a member of the troupe . Keo Motsepe returned , but as a member of the show 's dance troupe .
The full cast of celebrities and pros was revealed on August 30 , 2016 , on Good Morning America .
Hosts and judges
Tom Bergeron and Erin Andrews return as hosts , and Carrie Ann Inaba , Len Goodman , and Bruno Tonioli return as judges . On August 26 , 2016 , it was reported that Julianne Hough would return to the show as a judge following a hiatus . Due to a personal tragedy , Erin Andrews took a week off from their co-hosting duties and former pro Kym Johnson-Herjavec filled in during the results show in week 3 . On October 17 , Pitbull took over Len Goodman 's position as a guest judge for week 6 . On November 7 , Idina Menzel took over for Goodman as a guest judge for week 9 .
Scoring charts
The highest score each week is indicated in . The lowest score each week is indicated in .
Notes
: The couples were scored on a 30-point scale due to the absence of Len Goodman .
: This was the lowest score of the week .
: This was the highest score of the week .
: This couple finished in first place .
: This couple finished in second place .
: This couple finished in third place .
: This couple was eliminated .
Highest and lowest scoring performances
The best and worst performances in each dance according to the judges ' 40-point scale are as follows :
Couples ' highest and lowest scoring dances
Scores are based upon a potential 40-point maximum .
Weekly scores
Individual judges ' scores in the charts below ( given in parentheses ) are listed in this order from left to right : Carrie Ann Inaba , Len Goodman , Julianne Hough , Bruno Tonioli .
Week 1 : First Dances
The couples danced the cha-cha-cha , foxtrot , jive , or Viennese waltz . Couples are listed in the order they performed . After Ryan & Cheryl 's performance , two protesters were arrested for rushing to the stage and shouting at Lochte .
Week 2 : TV Night
The couples performed one unlearned dance to famous TV theme songs . The Argentine tango , paso doble , quickstep , and tango were introduced . Couples are listed in the order they performed .
Week 3 : Face-off Night
The couples were paired off into six sets , and each set of couples performed the same dance to different songs . The highest-scoring couple from each set won immunity and could not be eliminated . Any ties were broken by Len Goodman . The salsa was introduced . Couples are listed in the order they performed .
Week 4 : Cirque du Soleil Night
Individual judges ' scores in this chart ( given in parentheses ) are listed in this order from left to right : Carrie Ann Inaba , Julianne Hough , Bruno Tonioli .
The couples performed one unlearned dance inspired by a Cirque du Soleil show , while Cirque du Soleil acrobats , aerialists , dancers , and fire-stick performers performed alongside them . The Charleston , jazz , and samba were introduced . Two couples were eliminated at the end of the night . Couples are listed in the order they performed .
Week 5 : Most Memorable Year Night
The couples performed one unlearned dance to celebrate the most memorable year of their lives . Contemporary was introduced . No elimination took place this week . Couples are listed in the order they performed .
Week 6 : Latin Night
Individual judges ' scores in the chart below ( given in parentheses ) are listed in this order from left to right : Carrie Ann Inaba , Pitbull , Julianne Hough , Bruno Tonioli .
The couples danced a Latin-inspired routine . The rumba was introduced . Couples are listed in the order they performed .
Week 7 : Eras Night
The couples performed one unlearned dance and a team dance representing different historical eras . The jitterbug was introduced . Couples are listed in the order they performed .
After a three-week absence , Len Goodman temporarily returned to the judges ' table .
Week 8 : Halloween Night
Individual judges ' scores in the chart below ( given in parentheses ) are listed in this order from left to right : Carrie Ann Inaba , Julianne Hough , Bruno Tonioli .
Couples performed one unlearned dance . The couple with the highest score earned immunity from elimination , while the rest of the couples participated in dance-offs for extra points . Because Calvin , Laurie , and James all earned perfect scores , the tiebreaker was cumulative points over the season , which resulted in James winning immunity and a five-point bonus . For each dance-off , the couple with the highest score picked the opponent against whom they wanted to dance ; the chosen opponent was allowed to pick the dance style ( cha-cha-cha , jive , or salsa ) . The winner of each dance-off earned three bonus points . Couples are listed in the order they performed .
James Hinchcliffe performed with Jenna Johnson after Sharna Burgess sustained an injury the week before .
Notes
: Laurie & Val received votes from all three judges , plus the public vote ( 63 % ) .
: Jana & Gleb received votes from Len and Bruno , plus the public vote ( 54 % ) .
: Terra & Sasha received one vote from Carrie Ann .
: Ryan & Cheryl received votes from Carrie Ann and Len , plus the public vote ( 58 % ) .
: Marilu & Derek received one vote from Bruno .
Week 9 : Showstoppers Night
Individual judges ' scores in the chart below ( given in parentheses ) are listed in this order from left to right : Carrie Ann Inaba , Idina Menzel , Julianne Hough , Bruno Tonioli .
Couples performed one musical theatre-inspired dance and a team-up dance with another couple , which involved the celebrities dancing side-by-side to the same song and receiving the same set of scores from the judges for the routine . The waltz was introduced . Couples are listed in the order they performed .
Jenna Johnson performed again with James Hinchcliffe this week .
Week 10 : Semifinals
Individual judges ' scores in the chart below ( given in parentheses ) are listed in this order from left to right : Carrie Ann Inaba , Julianne Hough , Bruno Tonioli .
The couples performed an unlearned dance and a trio dance involving an eliminated pro or a member of the troupe .
Week 11 : Finals
Individual judges ' scores in the chart below ( given in parentheses ) are listed in this order from left to right : Carrie Ann Inaba , Len Goodman , Julianne Hough , Bruno Tonioli .
On the first night , the couples performed a redemption dance and a freestyle . On the second night , the final three couples performed a fusion dance that combined two dance styles . Couples are listed in the order they performed .
After a three-week absence , Len Goodman returned to the judges ' table for the finals .
Night 1
Night 2
Dance chart
The celebrities and professional partners danced one of these routines for each corresponding week :
Week 1 ( First Dances ) : One unlearned dance
Week 2 ( TV Night ) : One unlearned dance
Week 3 ( Face-off Night ) : One unlearned dance
Week 4 ( Cirque du Soleil Night ) : One unlearned dance
Week 5 ( Most Memorable Year Night ) : One unlearned dance
Week 6 ( Latin Night ) : One unlearned Latin dance
Week 7 ( Eras Night ) : One unlearned dance & team dances
Week 8 ( Halloween Night ) : One unlearned dance & dance-offs
Week 9 ( Showstoppers Night ) : One unlearned dance & team-up challenge
Week 10 ( Semifinals ) : One unlearned dance & trio dance
Week 11 ( Finals , Night 1 ) : Redemption dance & freestyle
Week 11 ( Finals , Night 2 ) : Fusion dance
Notes
: This was the highest scoring dance of the week .
: This was the lowest scoring dance of the week .
: This couple gained bonus points for winning this dance-off .
: This couple gained no bonus points for losing this dance-off .
: This couple earned immunity and did not have to compete in the dance-off .
: This couple danced , but received no scores .
Ratings
Notes
References
External links
Dancing with the Stars ( American TV series )
2016 American television seasons
Into the Little Hill is a 2006 chamber opera by British composer George Benjamin .
Described by the composer as a `` lyric tale in two parts '' , the libretto is by playwright Martin Crimp and it is Benjamin 's first stage work . They have since collaborated on a further two operas , Written on Skin ( 2012 ) and Lessons in Love and Violence ( 2018 ) . All three works draw upon medieval subject matter in some way , and Into the Little Hill is a modern retelling of the legend of the Pied Piper of Hamelin . Crimp has stated that they were introduced to Benjamin by musicologist Laurence Dreyfus .
The piece was commissioned by Festival d'Automne à Paris . It premiered at Opéra Bastille on 22 November 2006 , conducted by Franck Ollu , directed by Daniel Jeanneteau , and performed by Anu Komsi and Hilary Summers with instrumentalists from Ensemble Modern . It has since been performed in over 100 productions in Europe , North America , China , Australia . It is approximately 40 minutes in length .
Scoring
Roles
Into the Little Hill is scored for one soprano and one alto , each representing different roles between scenes :
The use of two singers has drawn comparison with Herbert Parry 's setting of Robert Browning 's 1842 poem `` The Pied Piper of Hamelin '' , which casts a tenor as the Piper and a baritone as the Mayor .
Crimp 's libretto uses a mixture of direct and reported speech . Elisabeth Angel-Perez describes this technique as `` self-narration '' , noting its elision of more traditional operatic forms of recitative and aria as well as its extensive use in Written on Skin .
Benjamin makes versatile use of vocal register for characterization . High , simple soprano writing is used to convey the innocence of the Child , while more extreme coloratura passages represent the other-worldliness of the Stranger . The alto line makes considerable use of low tessitura to convey the Minister 's masculinity and the Mother 's lamentations .
Instrumentation
Bass flute ( doubling flute and piccolo ) , two basset horns in F , contrabass clarinet
Two cornets , trombone
Cimbalom
Percussion : cymbals , guiro , whip , 2 crotales
Two violins ( second doubling mandolin ) , two violas ( second doubling banjo ) , two cellos , double bass ( the lowest string tuned to C )
Several reviewers have remarked upon Benjamin 's orchestration , particularly the cimbalom 's `` eerie '' quality and the unusual timbres of the contrabass clarinet and basset horn . The use of traditionally non-orchestral instruments such as the cornet , mandolin and banjo has been interpreted as an evocation of the folk origins of the story , while the extended obbligato passages on the bass flute imply the Pied Piper 's flute .
Synopsis
Part One
The opera opens with the angry Crowd calling for the extermination of the rats in their town . The Minister suggests that they try to coexist peacefully with the rats , but the people insist singing , `` kill and you have our vote '' .
At night , the Minister finds a mysterious man in their daughter 's bedroom . The Stranger has `` no eyes , no nose , no ears '' , and offers to charm the rats away in exchange for a large sum of money . The Minister offers to pay twice as much if they are re-elected , and the Stranger forces them to swear on the bargain by their sleeping child .
After an instrumental interlude , the Minister 's Child asks the Mother why the rats have to die , becoming agitated as they describe them wearing clothes and carrying suitcases and babies . The Mother reassures them that they will `` die with dignity '' .
Part Two
The Minister is re-elected and the Stranger comes to their office to collect their payment . When the Minister insists that the rats `` chose to leave of their own free will '' and refuses to pay , the Stranger reminds them of their bargain and leaves .
After another musical interlude , the townspeople discover that their children are missing . The Mother confronts the Minister , asking `` where is my child ? '' . The Children respond that they are `` inside the Little Hill ... with the angel under the earth '' .
Critical reception
Into the Little Hill has been variously interpreted as a commentary on contemporary attitudes to immigration , a `` satire on the way power corrupts '' and `` the tabloid fetishisation of the disappearance of children '' , a metaphor for genocide , a commentary on government cuts to arts funding , and a `` parable about the power of music '' . Because they are coded as socially undesirable and described with clothes and suitcases , the plight of the rats has been read by several commentators as a reference to the Holocaust .
Because of its ambiguous text and frequent role changes , the opera is usually staged very sparsely , and has been described as a `` secular oratorio '' .
The opera has been widely well-received , described by Rupert Christiansen as `` a startling miracle of originality '' . Critics have praised the piece 's concision of both Crimp and Benjamin 's writing , favourably comparing the opera to chamber works by Benjamin Britten , Judith Weir and Harrison Birtwistle .
Less positive reviews cite the alienating effect of the narrative style and its cryptic modes of expression , describing it as dramatically `` non-committal '' .
References
Operas by George Benjamin
2006 operas
English-language operas
Chamber operas
Operas based on fairy tales
Works based on Pied Piper of Hamelin
Operas
Guy Bates Post ( September 22 , 1875 – January 16 , 1968 ) was an American character actor who appeared in at least twenty-one Broadway plays and twenty-five Hollywood films over a career that spanned more than fifty years . They were perhaps best remembered in the role of Omar Khayyám in the 1914 stage and 1922 film productions of Richard Walton Tully 's Omar the Tentmaker and for their over fifteen hundred performances in John Hunter Booth 's 1917 play The Masquerader .
Early life
Guy Bates Post was born in Seattle , Washington , the first of two sons and a daughter ( actor Madeline Post ) raised by John J . Post and Mary Annette Ostrander . Their father , a Canadian of English descent , was a partner in the Seattle lumber firm Stetson and Post . Their mother was born in Wisconsin into a family that had originally come west from New York . Post received their education at schools in Seattle and later San Francisco before dropping out of college to embark on a career in theatre .
Stage
Post made their professional debut in November 1894 at Chicago 's Schiller Theatre playing a minor role opposite Cora Urquhart Brown-Potter and Kyrle Bellew in Charlotte Corday . By May 1898 , Post was a member of Otis Skinner 's Company and married to Sarah Truax , the troupe 's leading lady . Their big break came early in 1900 when they were chosen to play David Brandon in Liebler and Company 's Southern American tour of Israel Zangwill 's The Children of the Ghetto .
Though the tour proved short lived , Post 's performance in The Children of the Ghetto led to such rôles as Rawdon Crowley , in Langdon Miller 's dramatization of the William Makepeace Thackeray novel Vanity Fair ; Lieutenant Denton , in Augustus Thomas ' Arizona ; Robert Racket in the Madeleine Lucette Ryley play My Lady Dainty ; and Abbe Tiberge , in Theodore Burt Sayre 's dramatization of the Abbé Prévost short novel Manon Lescaut .
Post remained active on Broadway until the mid-1930s achieving particular success as Captain Stuart in Soldiers of Fortune ( 1902 ) by Augustus Thomas , Steve in The Virginian ( 1904 ) by Owen Wister and Kirke La Shelle , Dean in Bird of Paradise ( 1910 ) by Richard Walton Tully , Omar Khayyám in Omar the tentmaker ( 1914 ) by Richard Walton Tully and the dual rôles , John Chilcote , M.P . and John Loder , in The Masquerader ( 1914 ) by John Hunter Booth .
Film
Post had a 25-year career in cinema beginning in 1922 with silent film adaptations of Omar the Tentmaker and The Masquerader . They played the Grand Lama in the 1936 serial Ace Drummond and 'Papa ' Bergelot in the 1937 serial The Mysterious Pilot . Post played Louis Napoleon in the 1937 film Maytime with John Barrymore , Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy . In 1939 they were once again cast as Louis Napoleon in the film The Mad Empress opposite Medea de Novara , Lionel Atwill and Conrad Nagel . In their last film , A Double Life ( 1947 ) , Post plays an actor performing in a production of Shakespeare 's Othello .
Personal life
Post married actor Sarah Truax on April 18 , 1897 , at St. John 's Episcopal Church , San Francisco . At the time the two were both engaged with Skinner 's company performing at the city 's Baldwin Theatre . The couple divorced amicably some ten years later . In August 1907 they married Jane Peyton ( born Jennie Van Norman ) , a fellow cast member with The Heir to the Hoorah tour . This union ended with an annulment seven years later . Post married Adele Ritchie on February 2 , 1916 , at a ceremony held in Toronto two days after the actor had secured a divorce from their previous husband . Post and Ritchie separated in 1926 and divorced three years later . On October 26 , 1936 , in Las Vegas , Post married the British actor Lillian Kemble-Cooper . This union lasted for over thirty years and only ended with their death in Los Angeles at the age of 92 .
Filmography
Resources
External links
1875 births
1968 deaths
American male stage actors
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
19th-century American male actors
20th-century American male actors
Crawford County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 16,525 . Its county seat is Denison . The county was named for William Harris Crawford , U.S. senator from Georgia and United States Secretary of the Treasury .
History
In January 1851 , the Iowa Legislature authorized the creation of 50 additional counties in the state . Due to its lack of inhabitants , the designated Crawford County area was attached to Shelby County for purposes of revenue , taxation , and judicial matters .
In 1855 there were sufficient settlers , who petitioned for separation from Shelby . This was granted , and a county governing structure was established . The county as then designated did not include its present western townships .
In 1865 , four eastern townships of Monona County were separated from that county and incorporated into Crawford County 's boundary .
After several adjustments and reorganizations , the present arrangement of Crawford County townships was completed in June 1872 .
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.1 % ) is water .
Major highways
U.S. Highway 30 – runs ENE across bottom of county . Enters at Dunlap , exits to Carroll County at Westside .
U.S. Highway 59 – runs generally north–south through center of county , passing Schleswig and Denison . Its exit into Shelby County is five miles east of its entry from Ida County .
Iowa Highway 37 – cuts the SW corner of county , running SE from Monona County to Harrison County .
Iowa Highway 39 – runs north and ENE from Denison to Kiron , then into Ida and Sac Counties .
Iowa Highway 141 – enters SE part of county at Aspinwall , runs west to intersection with US Highway 59 , two miles above the county 's south line .
Adjacent counties
Ida County − north
Sac County − northeast
Carroll County − east
Audubon County − southeast
Shelby County − south
Harrison County − southwest
Monona County − west
Woodbury County − northwest
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 16,525 in the county , with a population density of . 89.34 % of the population reported being of one race . There were 6,855 housing units of which 6,255 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 17,096 in the county , with a population density of . There were 6,943 housing units , of which 6,413 were occupied .
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 16,942 people , 6,441 households , and 4,489 families residing in the county . The population density was 24 people per square mile ( 9/km2 ) . There were 6,958 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile ( 4/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 93.10 % White , 0.76 % Black or African American , 0.28 % Native American , 0.49 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 4.59 % from other races , and 0.77 % from two or more races . 8.75 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 6,441 households , out of which 31.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.50 % were married couples living together , 7.00 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 30.30 % were non-families . 26.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.10 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.03 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 26.50 % under the age of 18 , 8.10 % from 18 to 24 , 25.70 % from 25 to 44 , 22.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 17.10 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 38 years . For every 100 females there were 100.90 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.80 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 33,922 , and the median income for a family was $ 40,231 . Males had a median income of $ 28,696 versus $ 19,798 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 15,851 . About 6.90 % of families and 11.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 12.70 % of those under age 18 and 5.60 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Arion
Aspinwall
Buck Grove
Charter Oak
Deloit
Denison
Dow City
Kiron
Manilla
Ricketts
Schleswig
Vail
Westside
Former cities
Astor
Berne
Boyer
Kenwood
Townships
Boyer
Charter Oak
Denison
East Boyer
Goodrich
Hanover
Hayes
Iowa
Jackson
Milford
Morgan
Nishnabotny
Otter Creek
Paradise
Soldier
Stockholm
Union
Washington
West Side
Willow
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Crawford County .
† county seat
Politics
Like most of Western Iowa , Crawford County leans toward the Republican Party . However , although it gave two-thirds of its vote to Donald Trump in 2016 , it supported Democrat Barack Obama in 2008 .
Education
School districts include :
Ar-We-Va Community School District
Boyer Valley Community School District
Charter Oak-Ute Community School District
Denison Community School District
East Sac County Community School District
IKM-Manning Community School District
Maple Valley-Anthon Oto Community School District
Odebolt Arthur Battle Creek Ida Grove Community School District
Schleswig Community School District
Former school districts :
Battle Creek-Ida Grove Community School District
IKM Community School District
Manning Community School District
Maple Valley Community School District
Odebolt-Arthur Community School District
Wall Lake View Auburn Community School District
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County , Iowa
Crawford County Courthouse
References
External links
Crawford County departments
Crawford County Assessors
Crawford County Ancestry File
1837 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1837
Paul B. Johnson State Park is a public recreation area on the shores of Geiger Lake , located off U.S. Highway 49 approximately south of Hattiesburg , Mississippi . The state park is named after Paul B. Johnson , the forty-sixth governor of Mississippi .
Description
The park is situated on rolling hills that contain flowering dogwoods , southern yellow pines , and oaks . Geiger Lake , once known as Lake Shelby , was constructed during the mid-1940s using German prisoner of war labor by POWs housed at Camp Shelby .
Activities and amenities
The 225-acre ( 91-ha ) lake offers fishing , water skiing , and swimming . The lake is stocked with largemouth bass , bluegill , shellcracker , crappie , and channel catfish . The park features 25 primitive tent-camping areas , 125 RV camping pads with water , sewer and electrical hookups , and 16 vacation cabins . The park also offers 50 picnic sites with grills , six picnic pavilions , playground equipment , and a splash pad .
References
External links
Paul B. Johnson State Park Mississippi Department of Wildlife , Fisheries , and Parks
Paul B. Johnson State Park Map Mississippi Department of Wildlife , Fisheries , and Parks
State parks of Mississippi
Protected areas of Forrest County , Mississippi
Silverdale is a railway station on the Furness Line , which runs between and . The station , situated north-west of Lancaster , serves the village of Silverdale in Lancashire . It is owned by Network Rail and managed by Northern Trains .
Facilities
There is no footbridge or underpass ; passengers cross the line at track level via a barrow crossing ( so disabled travellers are not recommended to use the southbound platform without assistance ) . The station buildings have been converted for residential use , but there are shelters on each side . There is a small car park . A ticket machine is available , so travellers can purchase tickets ( or a permit to travel if not in possession of a credit or debit card ) here prior to boarding . Train running information is provided via digital information displays and timetable posters .
The station is about from the centre of the village by road , somewhat less by footpaths across the golf course and fields .
The station is conveniently situated for visitors to Leighton Moss RSPB reserve , a few minutes ' walk away , and Silverdale Golf Club , just across the road from the station . In June 2018 , volunteers helped to set up a community-provided broadband link using the wifi from the nearby golf club and equipment supplied by Broadband for the Rural North ( B4RN ) .
Services
Silverdale is generally served by the hourly Furness Line services from to operated by Northern who also manage the station . Several longer-distance trains to ( via Millom ) and via Wigan and Manchester Piccadilly call at the station throughout the day .
Friends of Silverdale Station
In 2015 , the Friends of Silverdale Station ( FOSS ) was founded , with the intention of improving and enhancing the station . The group has held working parties to tidy the platforms and plant flowerbeds , and hopes to restore the 1850s Furness Railway waiting room for community use .
References
External links
Railway stations in Lancaster
Former Ulverston and Lancaster Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1857
Northern franchise railway stations
1857 establishments in England
Wayland Herman Becker ( November 2 , 1910 – December 1 , 1984 ) was an American football player . They played in the National Football League ( NFL ) for six seasons .
Early life
Becker was born in Soperton , Wisconsin , and attended East High School in Green Bay , Wisconsin . While in high school , they twice led their football team to Fox River Valley conference championships , in 1928 and 1929 . Becker went on to attend Marquette University , where they played football and basketball , lettering twice .
Football career
Becker began their NFL career with the George Halas 's Chicago Bears in 1934 . They played just two games for the Bears before completing the 1934 season with the Brooklyn Dodgers , with whom they stayed through the 1935 season .
In 1936 Becker went to the Green Bay Packers , where they spent the next three seasons . Those Packers teams played in the NFL Championship Game twice during their tenure , winning in 1936 and losing in 1938 .
They finished their NFL career in 1939 with the Pittsburgh Pirates . They were released by the Pirates after two games .
In 1941 they turned up on the Columbus Bullies of the American Football League . The team won the AFL championship and Becker was named by the league 's coaches as second-team All-League based on their performance that season .
References
External links
1910 births
1984 deaths
American football defensive ends
American football wide receivers
Chicago Bears players
Brooklyn Dodgers ( NFL ) players
Green Bay Packers players
Pittsburgh Pirates ( football ) players
Columbus Bullies players
Marquette Golden Avalanche football players
Marquette Golden Eagles men 's basketball players
People from Forest County , Wisconsin
People from Shawano County , Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
People from Lena , Wisconsin
American men 's basketball players
Green Bay East High School alumni
The 2008 Nevada Democratic presidential caucuses took place on January 19 , 2008 after having been moved from a later date by the Nevada Democratic Party . The Nevada Democratic Caucus was considered important in determining the eventual party nominee , as many described it as the `` Bellwether of the West '' seeing as how it is the first Western state to vote in the Democratic Presidential Primary season .
Nevada 's 25 `` pledged '' delegates to the Democratic National Convention were chosen on May 17 , 2008 , when the Nevada Democratic Party held its State Convention . Barack Obama ended up receiving 14 national delegates compared to Hillary Clinton who received 11 national delegates . However , Clinton did ultimately prevail in terms of the number of votes received during the Nevada Democratic Caucus . It was the only state that held a caucus that they won during the course of the Democratic Presidential Primary .
Process
The Nevada Democratic Caucus was open to all voters who would be 18 by November 4 , 2008 , regardless of party affiliation . Republicans , unaffiliated voters , and members of other parties could change their registration at the door , and new voters could register as well .
As with all Democratic caucuses , voters gathered into preference groups for each candidate . A minimum threshold of 15 percent was required in each precinct in order to achieve viability . If a candidate 's preference group was not viable , they chose to caucus with another group , or be uncommitted . Unlike the Iowa Caucus , `` raiding '' of other , already viable caucus groups , was prohibited . Delegates to the county convention were then selected amongst the candidate groups . A similar process occurred at the county convention . Although they file statements of support for their chosen candidate , all delegates are technically unbound until the state convention .
In addition to the 1,754 neighborhood caucus locations , nine at-large caucus locations were available for shift workers who could not return to their home precincts to caucus . These at-large precincts were at the Wynn , Bellagio , The Mirage , Paris Las Vegas , New York-New York , Flamingo , Caesars Palace , and The Rio , all located in Clark County . Workers who worked within of the caucus site , were scheduled to work during or within one hour of the caucus period , and those who had an employer ID showing their employment in the zone were permitted to attend . Unlike regular caucuses where delegates are apportioned based on registered voters , the at-large locations were allocated based on attendance , which caused controversy ( see below ) .
The Nevada Democratic Party reported county convention delegate totals to the media and not actual votes , similar to the way the Iowa Democratic Party did in its caucus .
Pre-caucus events , predictions , and polls
The date of the Nevada Democratic Caucuses were moved from a later date to January 19 , 2008 . Analysts from CNN believe that this occurred because of many factors , such as the growing West , a large Hispanic population , a heavily unionized work force , the influence of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , and the idea that earlier caucuses increased voter participation . In addition , Democrats in the working class hold sway over liberal activists ; this would allow candidates to discuss practical issues and policy details .
After Barack Obama 's win in the Iowa Democratic Caucuses and Hillary Clinton 's surprise comeback win at the New Hampshire Democratic Primary , the Nevada Democratic Caucuses were seen as a potential tie-breaker . A victory in the Nevada Democratic Caucus would provide a candidate with momentum heading into Super Tuesday . In addition , the Nevada Democratic Caucuses were seen as a test of the organizing abilities of its unions and the growing influence of the state 's Latino community , which makes up more than 20 percent of the population .
On January 9 , 2008 , Obama received their first key national labor endorsement from leaders of the 450,000-member UNITE HERE union . This endorsement was made on behalf of Nevada 's largest union , the 60,000-member Culinary Workers Union , Local 226 . As a result , Obama received a huge boost in support from the Latino population .
A pre-caucus opinion poll conducted by the Las Vegas Review-Journal on January 18 , 2008 , showed that Hillary Rodham Clinton was leading with 41 percent of the vote . Barack Obama had 32 percent of the vote , and John Edwards had 14 percent . Another poll by the American Research Group five days before the caucuses on January 14 , 2008 , showed that Clinton was leading with 35 percent , Obama had 32 percent , and Edwards at 25 percent . These polls only showed the results of the top-tier candidates who were viable to win the caucuses .
Casino caucus lawsuit
In an attempt to block nine at-large caucus precincts from being held on the Las Vegas Strip , the Nevada State Education Association and six Las Vegas area residents filed a 13-page lawsuit on January 11 , 2008 . The at-large sites were created to facilitate the caucus participation of casino workers , and others working within of the Strip , but the plaintiffs said that these sites would both elect more state delegates than others and violate state election law . While the suit was not officially supported by any presidential campaign , the fact that it was filed two days after the Culinary Workers Union Local 226 endorsed Obama and that several of the State Education Association 's leaders endorsed Clinton led some political commentators to describe it as a proxy battle between the two campaigns .
After a court hearing , Judge James Mahan of the U.S District Court for Nevada ruled that the caucus locations were fair and valid and disagreed with the group 's argument . Therefore , the nine caucus sites located in casinos in Las Vegas were allowed to operate .
Results
Hillary Clinton won the most local delegates while Barack Obama was projected to win the most delegates to the Democratic National Convention . Nevada 's delegates to the Democratic National Convention ( DNC ) were not allocated to the candidates for a few months , so current DNC delegate projections assumed that local and state delegate preferences remained the same through the county conventions , which occurred in February , and the state convention , which occurred in April , The reason for the so-called `` split-decision '' is Nevada 's chosen method of electing DNC delegates . Six distinct sets of pledged DNC delegates were elected in April . The three sets determined exclusively by Clark County delegates were split evenly for a total of six for Obama and six for Clinton . The statewide pot was split five for Clinton and four for Obama . Obama 's advantage was due to their strength in Northern Nevada , particularly of Washoe County 's three DNC delegates Obama received two as well as the one `` rural '' DNC delegate who backed Obama as well .
Unlike in Iowa , the Nevada Democratic Party reports only the number of county convention delegates won statewide by supporters of the candidates ( in Iowa `` state delegate equivalents '' are reported ) . In neither Iowa nor Nevada are individual voter preferences reported . And like Iowa , all local delegates selected in the January 19 caucuses are technically free to support any candidate during later stages of the nominating process .
At the controversial At-Large caucuses on the Vegas Strip , many workers who belonged to unions other than Local 226 attended ; contrary to the statements of President Bill Clinton leading up to the vote , all workers on shift within were permitted to caucus . Clinton supporters won the Strip , 268 local delegates to 224 . Widely publicized statements by President Clinton that voters in `` casinos '' would have at least 5 times the influence of other voters turned out to be incorrect ; Strip voters had only twice the influence that voters in the rest of the state on average had .
Caucus results
Caucus Date : January 19 , 2008
National Pledged Delegates Determined : 0 ( of 25 )
County conventions
All of Nevada 's county conventions took place on February 23 , but one county 's convention ( Clark County ) had attendance that overwhelmed its ability to continue . That convention was therefore recessed to April 12 .
Convention dates : February 23–April 12 , 2008
National pledged delegates determined : 0 ( of 25 )
State convention
Convention date : May 17 , 2008
National pledged delegates determined : 25 ( of 25 )
See also
Democratic Party ( United States ) presidential primaries , 2008
Nevada Republican caucuses , 2008
References
External links
Nevada Democratic Party
Official website
Real-time Results
Nevada
2008 Nevada elections
2008
Walter Essex Wynter ( 1860–1945 ) was a physician who is noted for their role in the development of the procedure of lumbar puncture , the means by which cerebrospinal fluid ( CSF ) is obtained for the diagnosis of meningitis and other diseases .
Wynter was the son of Andrew Wynter , a physician and the editor of the British Medical Journal from 1855-1861 . They were educated at Epsom College , Surrey , and at Middlesex Hospital . During their training they reported four cases in which they performed CSF drainage in children for the treatment of meningitis in the Lancet . Their procedure involved an incision and the insertion of a tube to relieve pressure , but all four patients died . They became a physician at Middlesex hospital in 1901 .
Wynter retired to Bartholomew Manor at Newbury in Berkshire where they founded the Essex Wynter Charity , providing housing for retired nurses from Middlesex Hospital in the former Raymond Almshouses alongside their home . They are buried nearby in the Newtown Road Cemetery .
References
External links
1860 births
1945 deaths
20th-century English medical doctors
Founders of charities
People from Newbury , Berkshire
Nina Kamenik ( born 27 April 1985 ) is a German ice hockey player for the Eisbären Juniors Berlin and the German national team .
They participated at the 2015 IIHF Women 's World Championship .
International career
Kamenik was selected for the Germany women 's national ice hockey team at the 2014 Winter Olympics . They had one assist in five games .
Kamenik also played for Germany in the qualifying event for the 2014 Winter Olympics and the 2010 Olympics .
As of 2014 , Kamenik has also appeared for Germany at five IIHF Women 's World Championships . Them first appearance came in 2008 .
Career statistics
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Ice hockey people from Berlin
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
German women 's ice hockey forwards
Antoni Charles Sarcevic ( born 13 March 1992 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Stockport County .
After being released by Manchester City , Sarcevic began their senior career with Woodley Sports , where they spent only one season before joining Crewe Alexandra , but struggled to break into the first team and went on loan to Chester in 2010 , before making a permanent transfer to them in the next year , but moved to League Two side Fleetwood Town in June 2013 for an undisclosed fee . They scored 15 league goals for Fleetwood in 2013–14 , they also topped the Club 's assist charts with nine , and was named in the League Two PFA Team of the Year after their performances for Fleetwood . In January 2017 , Sarcevic joined Plymouth Argyle on a free transfer .
Club career
Born in Manchester , Sarcevic was in the youth system of boyhood club Manchester City aged seven to 15 , before joining the youth system at Woodley Sports in 2008 . They made their first team debut for Woodley in August 2009 and was offered a trial with Premier League club Blackburn Rovers during the 2009–10 season . Sarcevic was signed by League Two side Crewe Alexandra for an undisclosed fee in May 2010 , on a one-year contract with an option to extend for a further year .
Chester
They were loaned out to Northern Premier League Division One North club Chester in October 2010 . After two goals in seven appearances they were recalled to Crewe by Dario Gradi . Impressive in their loan spell , they scored on their Crewe debut on 1 February 2011 , the last goal of a 6–2 defeat to Northampton Town . On 23 November 2011 they returned to Chester as a permanent signing . During their first two seasons with Chester , they were promoted twice to the Football Conference , in the process winning the Northern Premier League Premier Division , Peter Swales Shield , Conference North and Cheshire Senior Cup . After impressive performances for Chester Sarcevic reportedly attracted interest from football league clubs and won a call up to the England C .
Fleetwood Town
On 26 June 2013 Fleetwood Town signed Antoni Sarcevic for an undisclosed fee . They made their debut for the club as Fleetwood Town beat Dagenham & Redbridge 3–1 . On 23 November Sarcevic scored their first Football League hat-trick in the 5–4 home victory against Mansfield Town 5–4 . Their 15th goal of the season was a 75th-minute free-kick in the play-off final against Burton Albion on 26 May , which won promotion to League One .
Shrewsbury Town
At the end of their contract at Fleetwood , Sarcevic joined fellow League One side Shrewsbury Town on a free transfer in May 2016 , signing a two-year deal . They left the club on 9 December 2016 , by a mutual consent after agreeing to cancel their contract .
Plymouth Argyle
On 26 January 2017 , Sarcevic joined League 2 side Plymouth Argyle on a free transfer . Sarcevic scored on their first start for Plymouth to earn them victory at Cambridge United on 4 February 2017 . Due to their passion and consistent performances in the side they have earned the nickname 'Manchester Messi ' from the green army .
Bolton Wanderers
On 15 July 2020 , Sarcevic joined League Two side Bolton Wanderers , signing a two-year deal . On 29 August , the club announced that Sarcevic has been named club captain for the forthcoming season . They scored on their competitive debut on 5 September , scoring the equaliser in Bolton 's first match of the season , a 1–2 home defeat against Bradford in the first round of the EFL Cup . `` Sarce '' ( as they have been called in Bolton ) led the team to a 4-1 victory over Crawley Town on 8 May which secured promotion to Sky Bet League One for the 2021–22 season . After Bolton had a poor run of form in October 2021 , Sarcevic was dropped to the bench . It was reported that this caused an argument with Manager Ian Evatt with both considering their relationship to be irreparable as a result . This apparently caused Sarcevic to accept a move to Stockport County .
Stockport County
On 22 October 2021 , Sarcevic joined National League side Stockport County on a free transfer , with the midfielder signing a contract until 2024 . Sarcevic made their league debut for the club a day later on 23 October , coming on as a second half substitute in a 2-1 loss against Notts County .
International career
Antoni was called up to England C for the first to face Bermuda in a friendly on 5 May 2013 . They scored the first goal in the game .
Personal life
They are of Italian and Serbian descent .
Career statistics
Honours
Chester
Northern Premier League Premier Division : 2011–12
Conference North : 2012–13
Cheshire Senior Cup : 2012–13
Fleetwood Town
Football League Two play-offs : 2014
Stockport County
National League : 2021–22
Individual
PFA Team of the Year : 2013–14 League Two
Plymouth Argyle Player of the Year : 2019–20
EFL League Two Team of the Season : 2020–21
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Manchester
English footballers
England semi-pro international footballers
Association football midfielders
Manchester City F.C . players
Stockport Sports F.C . players
Crewe Alexandra F.C . players
Chester F.C . players
Fleetwood Town F.C . players
Shrewsbury Town F.C . players
Plymouth Argyle F.C . players
Bolton Wanderers F.C . players
Stockport County F.C . players
English Football League players
National League ( English football ) players
Northern Premier League players
English people of Italian descent
English people of Serbian descent
Hasenclever Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Herkimer in Herkimer County , north of Herkimer .
References
Mountains of Herkimer County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Hydrophis laboutei , also known as Laboute 's sea snake , is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae that is native to New Caledonia . The specific epithet laboutei honours Pierre Laboute , a French researcher at the IRD station in Nouméa , who collected the holotype .
Behaviour
The species is viviparous .
Distribution
The snake is found in the marine waters of New Caledonia . The type locality is the Chesterfield Islands in the Coral Sea .
References
laboutei
Reptiles of New Caledonia
Reptiles described in 2000
The 1948 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in London , Great Britain . This event was held under the auspices of the International Canoe Federation , formed in 1946 from the Internationale Repräsentantenschaft Kanusport ( IRK ) .
The men 's competition consisted of four kayak events . One kayak event was held for the women . The women 's distance was reduced from 600 m to 500 m at these championships . These events were extraordinary since they were not included in the 1948 Summer Olympics , also held in London .
This was the second championships in flatwater racing and the first one after World War II ended .
Medal summary
Men 's kayak
Women 's kayak
Medals table
References
International Canoe Federation
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships - Part 1 : flatwater ( now sprint ) : 1936-2007 .
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships - Part 2 : rest of flatwater ( now sprint ) and remaining canoeing disciplines : 1936-2007 .
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships , 1948
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships , 1948
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships
Squash competitions in London
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships
Canoeing and kayaking competitions in the United Kingdom
Canoeing in England
Arne Tode ( born 30 June 1985 ) is a German motorcycle racer who has competed in the Moto2 World Championship , the Supersport World Championship and the FIM Superstock 1000 Cup . They won the IDM Supersport Championship in 2006 and 2008 .
Career statistics
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
( key )
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
( key )
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
German motorcycle racers
Moto2 World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
People from Bergen auf Rügen
Sportspeople from Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
Osówek may refer to the following places :
Osówek , Lublin Voivodeship ( east Poland )
Osówek , Bytów County in Pomeranian Voivodeship ( north Poland )
Osówek , Starogard County in Pomeranian Voivodeship ( north Poland )
The 2007 Arizona State Sun Devils football team represented Arizona State University in the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The team played its home games at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe , Arizona .
Schedule
Rankings
Game summaries
San Jose State
Colorado
San Diego State
Oregon State
Stanford
Washington State
Washington
California
Oregon
UCLA
USC
Arizona
Texas
Team
Roster
References
Arizona State
Arizona State Sun Devils football seasons
Pac-12 Conference football champion seasons
Arizona State Sun Devils football
Prionochilus is one of two genera flowerpecker that make up the family Dicaeidae . The genus differs from the other flowerpecker genus , Dicaeum in having ten long primary feathers in the wing and in the character of its calls . A study comparing the calls of the two genera suggested that Prionochilus is basal to Dicaeum . The genus contains six species , in contrast to the 44 species in the genus Dicaeum . They have a more restricted distribution than Dicaeum , occurring in the Philippines , Borneo , Sumatra , Java and the Malay Peninsula . The name Prionochilus is derived from the Greek prion for saw , and kheilos for lip , referring to the minute serrations along the edge of the bill .
In common with the other flowerpeckers , the Prionochilus flowerpeckers are small birds , between 9–10 cm in length and weighing 7-23 g. The bill of all the six species is deep , broad and short . In terms of plumage the genus is fairly variable . Four of the six species exhibit sexual dimorphism with regards to plumage , with the males in these cases being more brightly coloured . In four of the six species at least one of the sexes have a white malar stripe on the throat , and all but one of the species has an orange or red patch on the crown .
Like all members of the family the fruits , nectar and pollen of mistletoe ( Loranthaceae ) are important to the Prionochilus flowerpeckers . In addition , other fruits are taken . Smaller fruits are consumed whole , or squeezed until skin is removed and discarded , then swallowed , whereas larger fruits are pierced with the bill and chunks removed and swallowed . In addition to plant material insects and spiders are eaten as well . Information about the diet ( and many other aspects of the biology of this genus and indeed family ) is patchy and more research is needed .
Species
Yellow-breasted flowerpecker ( Prionochilus maculatus )
Olive-backed flowerpecker ( Prionochilus olivaceus )
Crimson-breasted flowerpecker ( Prionochilus percussus )
Palawan flowerpecker ( Prionochilus plateni )
Scarlet-breasted flowerpecker ( Prionochilus thoracicus )
Yellow-rumped flowerpecker ( Prionochilus xanthopygius )
References
Dicaeidae
Bird genera
Taxa named by Hugh Edwin Strickland
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2006 Players ' Championships Grand Slam of curling tournament , was held April 13–16 at the Stampede Corral in Calgary , Alberta . Following the merger of the World Curling Tour and the Women 's World Curling Tour , it became the first Players ' Championship to feature a women 's event . It was the last event of the 2005-06 curling season . The men 's event , sponsored by the Calgary Herald , featured a purse of $ 150,000 , with the winning team receiving $ 50,000 , while the women 's event , called the BDO Classic Women 's Players ' Championship had a purse of $ 100,000 with the top team receiving $ 30,000 .
The men 's final was an all-Edmonton affair , with Randy Ferbey and their foursome defeating the rival Kevin Martin rink 8–5 . It was Ferbey 's first Players ' title . The team had not played many Grand Slam events prior to the season , due to the prior conflict between the Tour and the Brier , which saw many of the top teams in the country boycott Canada 's national men 's champion . Ferbey , who was not part of the boycott had won four Briers during this period , but due to their lack of Tour success , their team had critics of their abilities . With the win , Ferbey said `` the critics now can shove it you know where . There 's not questioning anything now '' .
In the women 's final , Jennifer Jones of Winnipeg defeated Cheryl Bernard of Calgary 10–8 . The two finals were played at the same time in front of about 1,000 spectators .
The playoffs were shown television on Rogers Sportsnet .
Format
For both the men 's and women 's events , there were 15 teams divided into three round-robin pools of five . The top two teams in each pool made the 8-team single-elimination playoff , plus two wild card teams .
Man 's
Round robin standings
tiebreakers
Randy Ferbey 7-6 Jim Cotter
Pierre Charette 7-6 Jeff Stoughton
Pete Fenson 6-4 Bruce Korte
Playoffs
Final
Woman 's
Round robin standings
Source :
tiebreakers
Kelly Scott 6-2 Janet Harvey
Renee Sonnenberg 7-6 Amber Holland
Cathy King 9-4 Heather Rankin
Debbie McCormick 7-4 Anne Merklinger
Playoffs
Final
References
External links
Men 's event results
Women 's event results
Players Championships , 2006
Sport in Calgary
Players ' Championship
Curling in Alberta
2006 in Alberta
Bastien Pinault ( born October 18 , 1993 ) is a French professional basketball player for Nanterre 92 of LNB Pro A .
Professional career
Born in Tarbes , they were trained at the Élan Béarnais Pau-Lacq-Orthez and then played for La Rochelle . Pinault played the 2016-17 season with ALM Évreux . They averaged 8.8 points , 1.6 rebounds and 2 assists per game in Pro B . In June 2017 they inked with Élan Chalon to a two-year deal .
On July 5 , 2021 , they have signed with Nanterre 92 of LNB Pro A .
References
1993 births
Living people
ALM Évreux Basket players
Élan Béarnais players
Élan Chalon players
French men 's basketball players
Metropolitans 92 players
Nanterre 92 players
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Tarbes
Paula Losoya Taylor ( also Paula Losoya de Rivers , ? - July 17 , 1902 ) was one of the founders of San Felipe Del Rio ( later , Del Rio ) in Texas . Them hacienda in Del Rio became a major employer in the region , and an important gathering spot for worship , discussion , and more . Taylor donated land to create a Catholic cemetery , a fort , and schools in Del Rio .
Biography
Taylor was born in Guerrero , Tamaulipas . Taylor and their sister , Refugio Losoya de Rivera first came to the Del Rio region known as Las Zapas in 1862 , moving from the Rio Grande City with their husbands . Also in 1862 , Taylor built the first hacienda in Del Rio . The remains of the hacienda are known locally as the Rivers Home . Taylor and their sister began to cultivate the land of their hacienda right away , hiring workers from Las Zapas . Their hiring of Mexican workers increased migration from Mexico into the San Felipe area of Del Rio . Taylor was also involved , along with their husband , with creating the first acequias in the area , the first of which was called Acequia Madre .
On April 4 , 1876 , their husband died and left the property and possessions to Taylor . Some sources indicate that they married another man , who may have been known as Charles Rivers or Rivera , in December 1876 .
On the estate , the two sisters and Taylor 's family continued to work and grow . They helped raise some of their relative 's children . The two sisters also arranged to have Catholic priests from Eagle Pass say mass for the estate , and the many of the residents of San Feilipe Del Rio would attend . Residents attended mass at their hacienda until 1895 , when the church established Sacred Heart in Del Rio . The hacienda also included a sugarcane mill , flour mill , a gin , and a Mexican-style candy factory .
Mexican people in the area had no place to bury their dead , so in 1884 , Taylor donated four acres of their land to create a cemetery for Mexican people . The land they donated was marked by a cross at the top of the hill and already had five burials . This area later became Cemeterio Viejo Loma de la Cruz . Taylor also donated 60 acres of their land to build a fort for defense of the town and more land to build area schools .
Taylor died on July 17 , 1902 . In 1976 , La Hacienda was published , which described the history of Del Rio and featured Taylor 's estate . Taylor is depicted in a mural at Moore Park in Del Rio . A Texas Historical Marker is located at their hacienda and was erected in 1982 .
References
People from Del Rio , Texas
People from Tamaulipas
American people of Mexican descent
Ranchers
David Andrews ( born 23 October 1939 ) is a British former racing driver .
Andrews competed part-time in the World Sportscar Championship from 1985 to 1988 and the IMSA Camel GTP Championship in 1986 and 1987 .
Overall Stats
David Andrews has entered 26 races :
References
1939 births
Living people
British racing drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
IMSA GT Championship drivers
World Sportscar Championship drivers
Daniel Hogan ( 1899 – 1 August 1980 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician . A farmer , they were elected at their second attempt to Dáil Éireann , as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Leix–Offaly constituency at the 1938 general election . They lost their Dáil seat at the 1943 general election but was elected to the 4th Seanad on the Agricultural Panel . They were re-elected to the Seanad in 1944 but lost their Seanad seat in 1948 . In 1957 , they were again elected to the Seanad . They were re-elected in 1961 but lost their seat at the 1965 Seanad election .
References
1899 births
1980 deaths
Fianna Fáil TDs
Members of the 10th Dáil
Members of the 4th Seanad
Members of the 5th Seanad
Members of the 9th Seanad
Members of the 10th Seanad
Irish farmers
Fianna Fáil senators
Purton is a village on the east bank of the River Severn , 3 miles north of Berkeley , in Gloucestershire , England . The village is in the civil parish of Hinton . It lies opposite the hamlet of Purton on the west bank of the river .
The Gloucester and Sharpness Canal passes through the village .
The name of the place derives from the Old English pirige tun , meaning `` pear orchard '' .
River crossing
There was a ferry across the river to the other Purton by 1282 . In the late 18th and early 19th century , there was also a ford across the river here . The ferry , known as Purton Passage , continued in use until 1879 , when it was replaced by the Severn Railway Bridge .
The Berkeley Arms public house is on the Campaign for Real Ale 's National Inventory of Historic Pub Interiors .
Tidal erosion barrier
In the early 20th century , a number of old vessels were run aground along the bank of the Severn , near Purton , to create a makeshift tidal erosion barrier to reinforce the narrow strip of land between the river and canal . barges , trows and schooners were 'hulked ' at high tide , and have since filled with silt . More boats have been added , including the schooner Katherine Ellen which was impounded in 1921 for running guns to the IRA , the Kennet Canal barge Harriett , and Ferrous Concrete Barges built in World War II .
Purton Passage SSSI
Purton Passage ( ) is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near Purton notified in 1966 . The site is listed in the ‘ Stroud District ' Local Plan , adopted November 2005 , Appendix 6 ( online for download ) as an SSSI and a Regionally Important Geological Site ( RIGS ) .
It is adjacent to the Severn Estuary SSSI .
Rocks of the Upper Ludlow Silurian age are exposed on the foreshore at Tites Point . These include bone beds , and the area is a declared important educational resource for the study of vertebrate palaeontology . Most important are the plates of Cyathaspis banksi . The remains of primitive fish include thelodont denticles and acanthodian fragments .
Inspections by Natural England in 2009 report only acceptable change due to the natural processes of estuarine muds , and no establishment of vegetation ; this is controlled due to the natural process of tidal scour .
Purton Water Treatment Works
Built in the 1970s , the treatment works filters water from the Gloucester and Sharpness Canal and the River Frome and supplies around half of Bristol 's water supply .
Site of Berkeley Castle 's old duck decoy pond
This is the site of the old decoy pond ; the new one is due north east at Slimbridge Wildfowl and Wetlands Centre , and is maintained in full working order .
Extract from The Book of Duck Decoys by Sir Ralph Payne Gallwey , 1886 , ch7 p93
`` ... 3 miles N. of the town of Berkeley , 12 miles SW. of Gloucester , and close to the south bank of the River Severn , within a mile E. of Purton . These are the only Decoys in the county . The pools , of which there are two within a mile of one another , are about an acre apiece in extent , and there are four pipes to each . The old pool is on the verge of the S. bank of the Berkeley and Gloucester Canal , which was formed so close to it that , fearing the Decoy would suffer therefrom , the new Decoy was constructed in 1840 between the canal and the Severn , on the New Grounds . ''
References
SSSI Source
Natural England SSSI information on the citation
Natural England SSSI information on the Purton Passage unit
External links
Friends of Purton website
Natural England ( SSSI information )
Villages in Gloucestershire
Stroud District
Giulia Domenichetti ( born 29 April 1984 ) is an Italian former football midfielder and futsal player , both in the highest leagues in Italy . Before ending a three-year spell out of football in 2018 , they mainly played for Sassari Torres in Italy 's Serie A . They were a member of the Italian national team for nearly a decade , taking part in three European Championships .
Career
Aside from eleven seasons with Torres , where they won three Serie A winner 's medals , they also played in Serie A with Calcio Chiasiellis A versatile midfielder , Domenichetti was a longstanding member of the Italy women 's national football team with 90 caps . They are a veteran of Italy 's 2005 , 2009 and 2013 UEFA Women 's Championship campaigns .
Coinciding with Torres ' exclusion from Serie A for financial reasons , in 2015 they left association football for futsal . They signed with Città di Montesilvano , a Serie A Elite club based in Montesilvano , Italy . The club won the championship in 2015-2016 the season .
Torres played one more season in Serie A football , signing with Florentia San Gimignano S.S.D . for the 2018–19 season .
International career
Domenichetti made their senior debut for Italy on 13 April 2005 , in a 1–0 home friendly win over Denmark . Included in the squad for UEFA Women 's Euro 2005 in North West England , they played in all three games as Italy made a group stage exit .
At UEFA Women 's Euro 2009 in Finland , Domenichetti played in all four games as the Italians reached the quarter-finals . Four years later , national coach Antonio Cabrini named Domenichetti in their selection for UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 in Sweden .
Record
Club
Torres Calcio
Serie A ( 3 ) : 2009–10 , 2010–11 , 2012–13
Coppa Italia ( 4 ) : 2003–04 , 2004–05 , 2007–08 , 2010–11
Supercoppa Italiana ( 4 ) : 2008–09 , 2009–10 , 2010–11 , 2012–13
Best performance in other competitions
UEFA Champions League ( Quarterfinals ) : 2004–05 , 2009–10 , 2012–13 , 2013–14
National team
Best performance
UEFA Euro ( quarterfinals ) : 2009 , 2013
References
External links
Giulia Domenichetti at Football.it
1984 births
Living people
Italian women 's footballers
Italy women 's international footballers
Sportspeople from Ancona
Serie A ( women 's football ) players
Torres Calcio Femminile players
Women 's association football midfielders
Florentia San Gimignano S.S.D . players
A.S.D . Calcio Chiasiellis players
Italian women 's futsal players
Footballers from Marche
The Zănicel is a left tributary of the river Crasna in Romania . It flows into the Crasna in Bobota . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Sălaj County
Charles James Riddell is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented New Zealand in the 1957 World Cup .
Playing career
Riddell played in the Auckland Rugby League competition and first represented Auckland in 1953 against the American All Stars side . They were first selected for the 1955 series against France and toured Great Britain and France later that year . They also toured Australia in 1956 and was part of the 1957 World Cup squad . They played in nine test matches for the Kiwis between 1955 and 1957 .
In 1960 Riddell was part of the Auckland side that defeated France 14–5 at Carlaw Park .
References
Living people
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand national rugby league team players
Auckland rugby league team players
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league locks
Richmond Bulldogs players
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Catholic Church in Sudan is part of the worldwide Catholic Church , under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome .
There are approximately 1.1 million Catholics in Sudan , about 3.2 % of the total population . Sudan forms one ecclesiastical province , consisting of one archdiocese and one suffragan diocese .
See also
List of saints from Africa
Archdiocese of Khartoum
El Obeid
References
Sources
GCatholic.org
Christian Churches in Sudan
Sudan
Sudan
James Pitt-Watson ( 9 November 1893 – 25 December 1962 ) was a Scottish minister and academic . They were Professor of Practical Theology at Glasgow University and served as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland in 1953 . They have been described as an `` ecclesiastical politician '' .
Life
James Pitt-Watson was born on 9 November 1893 . They were educated at George Heriot 's School , an independent school in Edinburgh , Scotland . They studied and trained for ministry at the University of Edinburgh .
Pitt-Watson was ordained for the Church of Scotland in 1920 . They were minister of St. Mungo 's Parish Church in Alloa church in central Scotland from 1929 to 1946 .
During their time as Moderator they presented a Bible to Queen Elizabeth II at their coronation , saying , `` Here is wisdom , this is the royal law , these are the lively Oracles of God . '' Other duties as Moderator included opening the new church at Colinton Mains in south-west Edinburgh
They died on Christmas Day , 25 December 1962 . Their obituary was written by the Very Rev A C Craig .
Family
They were father to Rev Prof Ian Pitt-Watson ( 1923-1995 ) . Through their son Ian , they are grandfather to the Scottish business person , David Pitt-Watson .
References
External links
Video of Pitt-Watson presenting a Bible to Elizabeth II during their coronation .
1893 births
1962 deaths
Moderators of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland
People educated at George Heriot 's School
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
20th-century Ministers of the Church of Scotland
Teen Dance Ordinance is the fourth album by the alternative rock group A . It was released on 25 June 2005 in the United Kingdom and later in the United States . The title refers to a law passed in 1985 by Seattle City Council and repealed in 2002 which prohibited minors and adults from attending the same dance clubs . It featured a more straight-rock sound and displayed an almost complete absence of the keyboards and sampling that marked the early sound of the band .
Due to many delays in the release of the album , which consisted of the label shelving the album for two years after recording was already completed in 2003 and Jason Perry experiencing illness , the band already were out of general public interest due to the long time they were away from releasing material . This meant the album was given very little promotional attention by the label and media , meaning it only charted at # 95 in the UK charts and the band was dropped by Warner in October as a result . After the failure of the album , the band broke up until reforming in 2008 . To date , this is the band 's final album .
`` Rush Song '' was played as background music in the UK version of the television show Pimp My Ride .
Track listing
`` Rush Song '' – 4:09
`` Better Off with Him '' – 3:30
`` The Art of Making Sense '' – 4:13
`` Someone Else '' – 3:55
`` Die Tonight '' – 4:02
`` 2nd Coming '' – 4:13
`` Wake Up '' – 2:43
`` Black Hole '' – 4:15
`` Hey '' – 4:06
`` Worst Thing That Can Happen '' – 3:36
`` Afterburner '' – 4:19
`` Wisdom '' – 4:24
Singles
Rush Song
CD1 :
`` Rush Song '' – 4:11
`` French Kiss '' – 3:14
CD2 :
`` Rush Song '' – 4:11
`` Get Out More '' – 4:17
`` Have The Night '' – 3:43
`` Rush Song '' ( Video )
Better Off With Him
CD :
`` Better Off With Him '' – 3:36
`` Descender '' – 3:10
DVD
DVD contains Better Off With Him Audio and Video . Making of the Video , a Making of the album video and an audio track `` Broken Island ''
References
External links
Seattle Post-Intelligencer article on repeal of the TDO
A ( band ) albums
2005 albums
Albums produced by Terry Date
