Midgard is the ninth studio album by the German band Faun , released on 19 August 2016 via Electrola ( Universal Music Group ) . It is the final album to feature Katja Moslehner before their departure in 2017 .
Conception
Midgard is themed around Norse mythology . It also has elements from the Celtic-speaking area . The music takes inspiration from melodies from Sweden and Norway .
Reception
Ulf Kubanke of laut.de wrote positively about the songs `` Odin '' and `` Rabenballade '' , but described the album overall as sterile and too simple . Matthias Weise of Metal.de wrote that the album contains both the pop-oriented side of Faun , with `` Federkleid '' as a positive example , and more atmospheric tracks reminiscent of the band 's early works . Weise called `` Odin '' especially gripping due to its interplay between lyrics and music . They described `` Gold und Seide '' , `` Brandan '' and `` Lange Schatten '' as weak . Overall they called Midgard a `` strong and playful album with great lyrics , dreamy melodies and exciting song structures '' .
Midgard entered the German album chart on 26 August 2016 as number three , which became its peak position . This was the highest position any Faun album had reached ; the previous record was held by Luna ( 2014 ) which peaked as number four . Midgard remained on the chart for 13 weeks .
Track listing
Personnel
Faun
Oliver s. Tyr – vocals , harp , lute , nyckelharpa , bouzouki
Fiona Frewert – vocals , flute , bagpipes , violin , chalumeau
Rüdiger Maul – drums , percussion
Niel Mitra – synthesizer , sampler , keyboards
Stephan Groth – hurdy gurdy , zither , vocals
Katja Moslehner – vocals
Guests
Efren Lopez – lute on track 4 , 5 and 8
Maya Fridman – cello on track 5 , 7 , 13 and 15
Einar Selvik – vocals , lyre , harp , percussion and bullroarer on track 10
Martin Seeberg – violin on track 12
References
External links
Album-Fact : Faun 'Midgard ' ( Tour Edition ) from Universal Music Group
2016 albums
Faun ( band ) albums
Universal Music Germany albums
Norse mythology in music
Sheila Anne `` Stretch '' Rowan ( April 22 , 1940 – August 2 , 2014 ) was a Canadian curler from Saskatoon .
Rowan was born in Young , Saskatchewan where they grew up before moving to Plenty , Saskatchewan in 1953 and Saskatoon in 1955 where they graduated from Sion Academy . After high school , they worked as a secretary and a buyer . After retiring , they were a school bus driver .
Rowan was a talented athlete at both softball and curling . In softball , they won many league and provincial championships , as well as winning the 1970 Canadian Softball Championship . The team represented Canada at the 1970 Women 's Softball World Championship . As a curler , Rowan was a member of the three-time national champion Vera Pezer rink , playing third for the team . They won national titles in 1971 , 1972 and 1973 . Rowan would later go on to play skip , winning two more provincial titles in 1983 ( 4-6 at 1983 Scott Tournament of Hearts ) and 1985 ( 3-7 at 1985 Scott Tournament of Hearts ) .
In 1992 , Rowan skipped Saskatchewan to win the Canadian Senior Curling Championship . They won a second provincial senior title in 1996 and represented Saskatchewan at the 1996 Canadian Seniors .
Rowan was inducted into the Canadian Curling Hall of Fame in 1976 .
References
Canadian softball players
Canadian women 's curling champions
Canadian women curlers
1940 births
2014 deaths
Curlers from Saskatoon
Roberts Massif ( ) is a remarkable snow-free massif at the head of Shackleton Glacier . It rises to over 2,700 m and is about in area . It was visited by the Southern Party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition ( NZGSAE ) ( 1961–62 ) , who named it for A.R . Roberts , leader at Scott Base for 1961–62 .
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
Ocknell Plain can be found in the New Forest near Southampton , England .
The area was used in World War II for the Stoney Cross airfield and it is now very popular with campers and daytrippers . Campsites in the area include Ocknell and Longbeech . The Rufus Stone can be found about a mile east of Ocknell Plain . The nearest settlements are Stoney Cross , Minstead and Fritham .
External links
Campsites in the United Kingdom
New Forest
Hickmott is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Adrian Hickmott ( born 1972 ) , Australian footballer
Allerton C. Hickmott ( 1895–1977 ) , American book collector
Edward Hickmott ( 1850–1934 ) , English cricketer
Henry Hickmott ( 1853–1931 ) , Australian farmer and politician
Michelle Hickmott ( born 1985 ) , English footballer
Peter Hickmott ( born 1954 ) , Australian footballer
Robert Hickmott ( born 1969 ) , Australian footballer and horse trainer
Rupert Hickmott ( 1894–1916 ) , New Zealand cricketer
William Hickmott ( 1893–1968 ) , English cricketer
The China Women 's Sevens was first played in 2013 as part of the ( then ) IRB Women 's Sevens World Series . The tournament is played at the University Town Stadium in Guangzhou .
Results
2013
30–31 March 2013
Group A
29-0
47-0
53-0
12-12
20-5
24-0
Group B
26-5
33-5
12-7
52-5
10-20
0-33
Plate Semi Finals ( 5th-8th )
Netherlands 22-0 Brazil
Ireland 15-14 Australia
7th/8th Match
Brazil 5-7 Australia
Plate final : 5th/6th Match
Netherlands 10-14 Ireland
Group C
24-5
15-0
24-10
21-12
19-0
15-10
Bowl Semi Finals ( 9th-12th )
China 57-0 Tunisia
Fiji 5-12 Japan
11th/12th Match
Fiji 19-0 Tunisia
Bowl final:9th/10th Match
China 10-14 Japan
Quarter-finals ( 1st-8th )
New Zealand 31-5 Ireland
Australia 14-17 United States
England 19-12 Netherlands
Canada 33-0 Brazil
Cup Semi Finals ( 1st-4th )
England 19-0 Canada
New Zealand 24-12 United States
3rd/4th place
Canada 5-17 United States
Cup Final : 1st/2nd place
England 5-19 New Zealand
2014
5–6 April 2014
Group A
33-0
12-7
50-0
12-7
26-5
22-17
Group B
50-0
12-15
24-5
21-19
10-15
7-36
Plate Semi Finals ( 5th-8th )
France 10-5 Russia
Spain 0-26 England
7th/8th Match
Russia 0-17 Spain
Plate final : 5th/6th Match
France 0-19 England
Group C
35-7
12-7
19-7
19-10
12-12
12-14
Bowl Semi Finals ( 9th-12th )
Brazil 0-15 Ireland
United States 7-17 China
11th/12th Match
Brazil 0-31 United States
Bowl final:9th/10th Match
Ireland 17-7 China
Quarter-finals ( 1st-8th )
New Zealand 42-7 France
Russia 7-12 Fiji
Australia 12-5 Spain
Canada 19-10 England
Cup Semi Finals ( 1st-4th )
New Zealand 26-0 Fiji
Australia 5-0 Canada
3rd/4th place
Fiji 5-26 Canada
Cup Final : 1st/2nd place
New Zealand 26-12 Australia
See also
World Rugby Women 's Sevens Series
China Sevens ( Men 's )
References
World Rugby Women 's Sevens Series tournaments
International rugby union competitions hosted by China
Sports competitions in Guangzhou
Rugby sevens competitions in Asia
Women 's rugby union competitions in Asia
Women 's rugby union competitions for national teams
2013 establishments in China
Ashley River is an unincorporated community in Charleston County , South Carolina . Its zip code is 29407 .
References
External links
U.S. Geological Survey . Best Practices National Structures Dataset . https : //web.archive.org/web/20090825115836/http : //bpgeo.cr.usgs.gov/ . 30 July 2008 .
Ashley River , South Carolina . Geographic Names Information System , U.S. Geological Survey .
Populated places in Charleston County , South Carolina
EQT Plaza , formerly known as the CNG Tower and later the Dominion Tower , is a major and distinctive skyscraper in Downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The structure was built for Consolidated Natural Gas , a regional energy company . In 1999 , CNG was purchased by Dominion Energy , which moved out of the building in 2007 . During the summer of 2009 , EQT Corporation moved its corporate headquarters and several business units from the 6-story building EQT had built and moved into in 2005 , just across the Allegheny River in the North Shore neighborhood of the city .
History
The skyscraper was originally designed to be the global headquarters of Allegheny International-better known by its retail branding name of Sunbeam . At the time of construction Sunbeam was the world 's largest maker of small appliances .
Allegheny International 's Realty Development Corporation ( AIRDC ) secured a low-interest Urban Development Action loan from the URA for $ 8.5 million which the Cultural Trust collected payments on . The Public Auditorium Authority leased the land for the Benedum to AIRDC which then assigned the rights to the Cultural Trust while the Penn-Lincoln holding company retained ownership of the land but leased the property to AIRDC for 82 years and transferred lease payments to the Cultural Trust .
The 32-floor skyscraper was completed in 1987 at a cost of $ 100 million . It rises 430 feet ( 131 meters ) above Downtown Pittsburgh . It was influenced heavily by the Art Deco architecture found in other Pittsburgh skyscrapers , like the Gulf Tower , Koppers Tower and Grant Building .
The building was owned between 2005 and 2010 by the Blackstone Group , a real estate firm well known for their management of high risk assets . After buying the structure following the bankruptcy of former owners , they successfully increased the building 's occupancy rate from 66 % to 97 % . In 2010 , Blackstone sold the building to Pearson Realty Services . In December 2012 , the property was acquired by Highwoods Properties of Raleigh , North Carolina , who also owns the nearby landmark skyscraper PPG Place .
References
Updates based on several articles in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette daily newspaper , discussing EQT Corporation 's tenancy and renaming of the building ( 2007-2008 ) .
Skyscraper office buildings in Pittsburgh
Kohn Pedersen Fox buildings
Art Deco architecture in Pennsylvania
Hipper may refer to :
Admiral Hipper ( disambiguation )
Admiral Franz von Hipper
German cruiser Admiral Hipper
River Hipper , a tributary of the River Rother in Derbyshire , England
See also
Hip ( disambiguation )
Hipster ( disambiguation )
Salvador Lazo Lazo ( May 1 , 1918 – April 11 , 2000 ) was a Filipino prelate of the Roman Catholic Church . They served as Bishop of San Fernando de La Union from 1981 to 1993 .
Early life
One of seven children , Lazo was born in Faire ( present-day Santo Niño ) , Cagayan , to Fortunato and Emiliana Lazo . Their father was the local Justice of the Peace . Following their mother 's death during childbirth in 1926 , their aunt helped raise the family . Lazo graduated from Santo Nino Central School in 1933 , and then attended Cagayan National High School and Christ the King Seminary , run by the Divine Word Missionaries . During the Japanese occupation of World War II , they and their fellow novices were forced to continue their studies at Immaculate Conception Seminary in Vigan City . Their brother , also a seminarian , was killed during this time .
Priesthood
Leaving the Divine Word Missionaries to serve the Diocese of Tuguegarao , Lazo was ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop Mariano Madriaga on March 22 , 1947 . They then served as an assistant priest at St. Peter 's Cathedral in Vigan , and later at San Jose parish in Baggao . They also founded San Jose Academy . In 1950 , Lazo was named prefect of discipline at the newly created San Jacinto Minor Seminary , of which they later became rector in 1951 .
They became parish priest of Lal-Lo in 1967 and , due to the large number of students , founded the Lyceum of Lal-Lo in 1968 .
Episcopal career
On December 1 , 1969 , Lazo was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Tuguegarao and Titular Bishop of Selia by Pope Paul VI . They received their episcopal consecration on February 3 , 1970 from Archbishop Carmine Rocco , with Archbishops Juan Sison and Teodulfo Domingo serving as co-consecrators . Following the death of Antonio Buenafe , they were named Auxiliary Bishop of Nueva Segovia on August 3 , 1977 .
On January 20 , 1981 , Lazo was appointed the second Bishop of San Fernando de La Union by Pope John Paul II ; they were formally installed as Bishop on the following March 9 . During their tenure , Lazo oversaw the construction of a seminary , chancery , episcopal residence , two convents , and St. Joseph Pastoral Center . The 1990 Luzon earthquake greatly damaged several churches , schools , and rectories in the Diocese .
Later life
Upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 75 , Lazo resigned their post as Bishop on May 28 , 1993 . They then lived with their cancer-stricken sister in Zamboanga City . They then came into contact with the Society of St. Pius X and began to identify themselves as a Traditionalist Catholic , exclusively celebrating the Tridentine Mass by 1995 . Appeals were made by Jaime Cardinal Sin and Archbishop Diosdado Talamayan for Lazo to discontinue their association with the SSPX , but they refused .
In 1998 , they made a Declaration of Faith to John Paul II , saying `` obedience must serve faith '' .
In the same document , Lazo expressed skepticism of the reforms of the Second Vatican Council , saying `` If the Conciliar reforms are according to the will of Jesus Christ , then , I will gladly cooperate in their implementation . But if the Conciliar reforms are planned for the destruction of the Catholic Religion founded by Jesus Christ , then , I refuse to give my cooperation . ''
In their later autobiography however , Lazo viewed the post-Conciliar reforms as `` Masonic inspired , '' and `` aimed to destroy the Catholic Religion . '' Lazo also said that , apart from Satan and Freemasonry , they identified `` Talmudic Judaism '' as one of the `` three enemies of the Catholic Church '' .
Lazo later died at age 81 . Their funeral Mass was celebrated by Bishop Bernard Fellay .
References
1918 births
2000 deaths
Filipino traditionalist Catholics
Traditionalist Catholic bishops
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Philippines
People from Cagayan
The Women 's 50 metre freestyle competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 24 and 25 June 2022 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world and championship records were as follows .
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 24 June at 09:00 .
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 24 June at 18:17 .
Final
The final was held on 25 June at 18:47 .
References
Women 's 50 metre freestyle
An Interest Flooding Attack ( IFA ) is a denial-of-service attack in an Information-centric network ( or Content-Centric Networking ( CCN ) or Named Data Networking ( NDN ) ) . An attacker requests existing or non-existing content in order to overload the distribution infrastructure . This can be implemented by sending Interest packets , which are not resolved at all or not resolved fast enough and thus lead to malicious CPU or memory consumption .
This attack was previously denoted an open problem in ICN , only heuristic countermeasures available . In 2016 , Aubrey Alston and Tamer Refaei of The MITRE Corporation presented an exact solution to this problem which utilizes an in-packet cryptographic mechanism to remove the ability of high-volume Interest traffic to overload the distribution infrastructure of the network .
References
Denial-of-service attacks
Cyberwarfare
Computer network security
In enzymology , a vinylacetyl-CoA Delta-isomerase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
vinylacetyl-CoA crotonyl-CoA
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , vinylacetyl-CoA , and one product , crotonyl-CoA .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases transposing C=C bonds . The systematic name of this enzyme class is vinylacetyl-CoA Delta3-Delta2-isomerase . Other names in common use include vinylacetyl coenzyme A Delta-isomerase , vinylacetyl coenzyme A isomerase , and Delta3-cis-Delta2-trans-enoyl-CoA isomerase . This enzyme participates in butanoate metabolism .
Structural studies
As of late 2007 , only one structure has been solved for this class of enzymes , with the PDB accession code .
References
EC 5.3.3
Enzymes of known structure
The scaly-throated honeyguide ( Indicator variegatus ) is a species of bird in the family Indicatoridae .
Range
It is found in Angola , Burundi , DRC , Eswatini , Ethiopia , Kenya , Malawi , Mozambique , Rwanda , Somalia , South Africa , South Sudan , Tanzania , Uganda , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
Habitat
Scaly-throated honeyguides are found in dense woodland , thickets , and forest , usually only identifiable by their high-pitched , trill-like ascending call . Regarding size , they 18–19 cm in length , weighing 34–55 g and rarely up to 61 g .
References
External links
Scaly-throated honeyguide , species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
Image , ADW
Mystery bird : Scaly-throated honeyguide , Indicator variegatus , Guardian Online
scaly-throated honeyguide
Birds of East Africa
Birds of Southern Africa
scaly-throated honeyguide
Taxa named by René Lesson
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mullan Road was the first wagon road to cross the Rocky Mountains to the Inland of the Pacific Northwest . It was built by U.S. Army troops under the command of Lt. John Mullan , between the spring of 1859 and summer 1860 . It led from Fort Benton , which at the time was in the Dakota Territory , then Idaho Territory from July 1863 , and Montana Territory beginning in May 1864 , and the navigational head of the Missouri River ( and once farthest inland port in the world ) . The road connected to Fort Walla Walla , Washington Territory , near the Columbia River . The road previewed the route approximately followed of modern-day Interstate 15 and Interstate 90 through present-day Montana , Idaho , and Washington .
Parts of the Mullan Road can still be traveled ; one such section is near Washtucna , Washington .
A segment of the Mullan Road in the vicinity of Benton Lake was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 , and the American Society of Civil Engineers designated it a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 1977 . Three segments of the road in Idaho were also listed on the National Register in 1990 . In 2009 , the Point of Rocks segment in Montana was also listed on the National Register as part of the Point of Rocks Historic Transportation Corridor .
History
As early as 1852 the US government began to think about building an overland route to the Pacific Ocean to help settle the area with pioneers and eliminate any claims that France , England or Russia had on the disputed territories . Despite the Lewis and Clark expedition , little detail was known about the country . Isaac Ingalls Stevens , a West Point graduate appointed the first governor of the Washington Territory , was ordered to survey a route from the Missouri River to the Columbia River suitable for building a railroad . Stevens assumed the task , but also kept in mind that the route should be suitable for a wagon road .
In the spring of 1853 , Congress authorized a U.S. Army expedition , led by Stevens . It was made up of engineers and explorers ; they organized near St. Paul , Minnesota . They were to detail the geographical and topographical character of the country . Among them was a small , dark-haired young man , Lieutenant John Mullan ; just a year out of West Point , they were anxious to prove their mettle as an engineer .
Mullan was placed in charge of surveying , and later improving , a wagon route ( now commonly called the Mullan Road ) between Fort Benton ( Montana ) and Fort Walla Walla ( Washington ) . Lieutenant Mullan , a topographical engineer , began gathering information in 1854 . Delayed by the Yakima War which ended in 1858 , construction began in 1859 from Fort Walla Walla in what was then Washington Territory . Lieutenant Mullan commanded a workforce of more than 200 , including civilian workers , surveyors , engineers , and soldiers who carved a road across the region .
After the difficult project was completed in 1860 , floods wiped out substantial stretches of the road . It was re-routed in 1861 . Floods again damaged the road , and ultimately , no provision for maintenance was provided .
Although the road was never heavily used by the military , it was an important conduit for civilian passage , which hastened settling of the northwestern United States . In the first year after completion , it was used by an estimated 20,000 people , 6,000 horses and mules , 5,000 cattle and 83 wagons . The discovery of gold in North Central Idaho in 1860 by Capt . E.D . Pierce contributed to this usage , making Lewiston , Washington Territory , the largest town in the Pacific Northwest and the capital of the new Idaho Territory beginning July 4 , 1863 . The Mullan Road helped Walla Walla become the largest town in Washington Territory by 1870 , with a population of 1,394 . The road continued to serve as an important route until the completion of the Northern Pacific Railroad in 1883 provided faster and more convenient access to the region .
Route of the Mullan Road
From the origin at Fort Benton , Montana , the Mullan Road proceeded :
West from Fort Benton , it passed north of Great Falls
Dropping south to cross the continental divide west of Helena ( following a path through Mullan Pass at , immediately north of that now traveled by US 12 )
Just west of Garrison , it joined the route used by the future US 10 ( present-day Interstate 90 ) ( similar to the US 12 transition to join Interstate 90 today )
Along the Clark Fork River near the ghost town of Bearmouth , also along the future US 10
It remained with the future US 10 route as it passed through Missoula , proceeding west through Montana . The Mullan Road through the Missoula Valley , slightly south of the former US 10 and still in use today as S-263 , fostered rapid growth for the burgeoning city , and allowed the U.S. Army to establish Fort Missoula in 1877 . One stretch from St. Regis to Henderson north of today 's Interstate 90 is still in use as Old Mullan Road and Mullan Gulch Road .
From the Taft area , it crossed the Bitterroot Range into Idaho over St. Regis Pass ( named Sohon Pass by John Mullan ) ( ) at , about west-southwest of Lookout Pass , where I-90 crosses the state line .
From the middle of the Idaho crossing , the road deviates from present-day major roads . The Mullan Road went southwesterly in Idaho to pass south of Lake Coeur d'Alene
The road then passed into Washington some distance south of Spokane
From there , the Mullan Road passed through the Palouse country and then the scablands of eastern Washington .
It passed through Benge , that section of the road was completed May 22 , 1861 ; the wagon ruts were still visible in 2008 , just northeast of town at the site of the First Benge School .
South of Benge , there is a stretch of the former road still labeled 'Mullan Road . ' This gravel section travels southwesterly until it meets State Route 26 near Washtucna .
The portion of Mullan Road south of SR 26 in Washington , which follows the course of the Palouse River as it descends to the Snake River , has been reverted to grazing and is not accessible to the public .
After crossing the Snake River near the confluence with the Palouse River , the Mullan Road continues south along the Fort Walla Walla Fort Colville Military Road to its terminus at Fort Walla Walla near Walla Walla .
References
Further reading
External links
Letter from the Secretary of War transmitting Lieut . Mullan 's report , 1861
Essay on Mullan Road at historylink.org , by Priscilla Long , February 16 , 2003
Blazing the Mullan Road by Mineral County , Montana
Jon Axline , `` Mullan 's Point of Rocks '' , Montana : The Magazine of Western History ( Montana Historical Society ) , Winter 1999
`` Who was Mullan ? Answers are many '' , ruralnorthwest.com , originally in Coeur d'Alene Press , 1963
Historic American Engineering Record ( HAER ) documentation :
Historic trails and roads in Washington ( state )
Roads on the National Register of Historic Places in Idaho
Roads on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
Historic American Engineering Record in Montana
Historic Civil Engineering Landmarks
History of Missoula , Montana
National Register of Historic Places in Kootenai County , Idaho
Roads on the National Register of Historic Places
National Register of Historic Places in Cascade County , Montana
National Register of Historic Places in Benewah County , Idaho
1860 establishments in Washington Territory
WKIK can refer to :
WKIK ( AM ) , a radio station ( 1560 AM ) licensed to La Plata , Maryland , United States
WKIK-FM , a radio station ( 102.9 FM ) licensed to California , Maryland , United States
Ida Mayfield Wood , née Ellen Walsh ( 14 January 1838 – 12 March 1932 ) was an American socialite turned recluse who was the third wife of politician and newspaper publisher and editor Benjamin Wood ( 1820–1900 ) .
Early life and family
They were born Ellen Walsh in England , the daughter of Ann Crawford and Thomas Walsh , a peddler from Ireland , who emigrated to the United States and settled in Massachusetts ; their father died in San Francisco in 1864 .
Ida changed their name to Ida E. Mayfield , claiming their father was Henry Mayfield , a Louisiana sugar planter and moved to New York City in 1857 at the age of 19 . They set their sights on 37-year-old Benjamin Wood , a married politician and business person , who co-owned the New York Daily News . They boldly propositioned them in a letter dated May 28 and soon became their mistress . After Wood 's second wife died , they married in 1867 ( Ida now age 29 ) .
Them husband was the publisher of the New York Daily News , three-time member of Congress and two-time member of the New York State Senate . As their wife , they gained entry into the elite level of New York society ; in 1860 they danced with the Prince of Wales Albert Edward ( and future King ) , and met Abraham Lincoln . Them brother-in-law was Fernando Wood , twice mayor of New York City and three-time member of the House of Representatives .
Benjamin was a gambler , however . They once even wagered the Daily News ; luckily they won . Ida , on the other hand , was very careful with money . They got their husband to agree to split their winnings with her , while they were responsible for all of their losses . By the time they died in 1900 , they already had possession of essentially all of their wealth by this means .
They themselves edited and published the newspaper for a while , but then sold it in 1901 for between $ 250,000 and $ 300,000 .
In 1907 , they closed their bank account , taking out nearly $ 1 million . Then Ida , their sister Mary E. Mayfield , and their supposed daughter Emma ( actually their sister ) took a two-room suite at the Herald Square Hotel , room 552 , and became recluses . They had little contact with anyone , even hotel employees , for decades . Maids were not permitted inside to clean the rooms . Emma ( 1857-1928 ) died in the hospital in 1928 at the age of 71 . Then , when Mary became very ill , on May 5 , 1931 , Ida was finally forced to summon help . This intrusion turned out badly for Ida . Mary died , and people became aware of the squalor in which Ida lived . They also discovered how rich they are .
In the midst of the Great Depression , their relatives and their lawyers battled to gain control of their wealth . They were declared incompetent in September 1931 and moved one floor down to two other rooms over their objections . Many hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash and other valuables were found in their suite and in trunks stored in the hotel basement . More than $ 3000 a month was spent on their care and protection .
Death
After they died on March 12 , 1932 , of bronchial pneumonia , at the age of 94 , no fewer than 1103 claimants squabbled over their estate . Neither the Wood family nor the Mayfields who came forward to claim their fortune received any of it . Them estate was finally disbursed to ten authenticated relatives in Ireland , England , and the US .
The truth about their past emerged six months after their death , told by Edward T. Corcoran , a lawyer , later confirmed by Joseph A. Cox , counsel to the New York Public Administrator .
References
Further reading
Cox , Joseph A . The Recluse of Herald Square : The Mystery of Ida E. Wood . New York : Macmillan , 1964 .
1838 births
1932 deaths
People from New York City
American socialites
19th-century American women
20th-century American women
Deaths from bronchopneumonia
20th-century American people
Deaths from pneumonia in New York City
Réginald Charles Gagnon , known as Cayouche ( born 7th January 1949 ) , is an Acadian singer-songwriter of Acadian French country music . They were born in Moncton , New Brunswick on the eastern coast of Canada .
Early life
At the age of thirteen , Cayouche left eastern Canada with their mother to go live in the suburbs of Boston , Massachusetts , in the United States . They later joined the United States Marine Corps when they were 19 . While serving , they took part in the Vietnam War . However , they never went into combat . When their military service was over , they returned to Leominster , Massachusetts where they married and had two sons , Joshua Charles Gagnon ( 1972 ) and Jason Paul Gagnon ( 1973 ) and spent the next ten years living there . In 1979 , they returned to Canada and went as a nomad with their backpack and their guitar , taking the first small step into their country-folk music career .
Career
Their nickname comes from the United States . They say that people would tell him : `` t'es pas Acayen t'es Acayouche '' , meaning `` you 're not Acadian , you 're Acayouche '' . `` Acayouche '' later became `` Cayouche '' , which is now their nickname .
Even before the release of their first album in 1994 , a Radio-Canada team had noticed that the Cayouche phenomenon was already alive and well in the Acadian Peninsula . About 25 years later , in the same place , again almost all people passing by know Cayouche and their character .
Thanks to their first album , Cayouche made a phenomenal entry into the music market in Acadia . Reaching a sales figure of more than 15,000 copies in a fairly small market , the album `` Un vieux hippy '' is surely part of the record collection of most Acadian families . Cayouche , a very simple musician , sings the everyday routine in their slightly coarse voice . Shortly after the release of the album `` Un vieux hippie '' , fans who attended their shows could sing their hearts out to all of the lyrics of their songs such as `` La chain de mon Tracteur '' , `` Exporter “ A `` or even `` The kids kick '' . The album `` An Old Hippy '' surely contains many of the new classics of Acadian songs .
Especially known for their uniting and festive performances , the singer has maintained a constant popularity throughout Canada and Europe . The `` Cayouche phenomenon '' gets people from all generations singing and dancing , touching the hearts of the young and old in almost every song . They are among the few Acadian popular artists in history to have sold more 100,000 albums .
Among their biggest hits are Export A , La chaine de mon tracteur , L'alcool au Volant , C'est ça mon Acadie and La reine du bingo . Cayouche , who now lives in Maisonnette , New Brunswick , was the subject of a documentary film entitled `` Cayouche , Le Temps d'une bière '' or in English : `` Cayouche : Time for a beer ” by Maurice André Aubin in 2009 .
Concerts and festivals
Outdoor Concert Extérieur - Memramcook , New Brunswick , Monument-Lefebvre Parking Lot ( September 26 2020 )
CMA Show August 2019 – Moncton , New Brunswick – Riverfront Park
The Lobster Trap – Moncton , New Brunswick – The 63
Back to School 2015 – Moncton , New Brunswick – The 63
Cayouche / Menoncle Jason – Moncton , New Brunswick – Le Coude
1755 / Bois-Joli / Cayouche -Shediac , New Brunswick – Festival Arena
Grey Rock Casino 2019 – Edmundston , New Brunswick
Festival Western 2017 – Bonaventure , Canada
Festival Country of St-Georges 2019 – Quebec , Canada
Concert 2019 – Madawaska County , New Brunswick – The Grey Rock Casino
Discography
Un Vieux Hippy ( released , 1994 )
Moitié-moitié ( released , 1996 )
Roule , roule ( released , 1999 )
Last Call ( released , 2003 )
Le rappel ( released , 2011 )
Les Meilleures Tounes ( released , 13 December 2019 )
Songs
Mon bicycle , ma musique ( 3:04 )
Au camp ( 3:59 )
Une place au chaud ( 4:05 )
L'Auberge du Quai de l'Horloge ( 4:23 )
La 6 49 ( 4:04 )
Pills à nerfs ( 6:01 )
Red Haired Boy ( instrumental ) ( 2:34 )
Pas d'icitte , pas d'ailleurs ( 3:23 )
Grand-Père Jos ( 3:55 )
Le frigidaire de mon chum ( 5:03 )
Le blues à Cay ( 4:09 )
Viens faire un tour ( 4:45 )
La Reine Du Bingo ( 3:50 )
La Chaine De Mon Tracteur ( 2:16 )
Laurie ( 3:00 )
Last Call ( 3:00 )
L'alcool au volant ( 3:20 )
Dans la city
Goo'day
Bootlegger
Le frigidaire ( 4:21 )
C'est du fun à être fou
Les enfants à coup d'bottes
J'ai 40 ans ( 3:40 )
Moi j'm'en rappelle
Export `` A ''
La crotte dans la pipe
Le nord du Nouveau-Brunswick
L'hiver s'en vient
Innocent
Le p'tit Jeep à André
Le bon vieux temps
Les bas de laine
Le rappel
Fume fume
Captain Morgan
Francine
Reel du printemps
La dérive
Marie Madeleine
Vivre et laisser vivre
Picassou / Heather Hill
Écoutez
Du thé
J'ai fumé le sapin
Tu M'as Flushé ( 3:29 )
Le Portrait de mon Père ( 4:12 )
Roule , Roule ( 4:36 )
Top Songs
La chaîne de mon tracteur
La 6 49
Grand-Père Jos
L'alcool au volant
La Reine du Bingo
Fume Fume
Export `` A ''
La crotte dans la pipe
Le frigidaire
Dans la city
Le bon vieux temps
Viens faire un tour
Écoutez
Filmography
Cayouche , Le Temps d'une bière ( 2009 )
Pour l'amour du country ( 2001–2012 )
Record Labels
Production Péninsule
Production JGC57
References
Further reading
Cayouche – Wikipedia ( français )
Canadian country singer-songwriters
1948 births
Living people
Musicians from Moncton
Acadian people
French-language singers of Canada
Canadian expatriates in the United States
Morgan County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 29,111 . The county seat is Fort Morgan . The county was named after old Fort Morgan , which in turn was named in honor of Colonel Christopher A. Morgan .
Morgan County comprises the Fort Morgan , CO Micropolitan Statistical Area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.0 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Logan County - northeast
Washington County - east , southeast
Adams County - southwest
Weld County - west
Major highways
Interstate 76
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 34
State Highway 39
State Highway 52
State Highway 71
State Highway 144
State protected area
Jackson Lake State Park
Trails and byways
American Discovery Trail
Pawnee Pioneer Trails
South Platte Trail
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 27,171 people , 9,539 households , and 6,973 families living in the county . The population density was 21 people per square mile ( 8/km2 ) . There were 10,410 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 79.65 % White , 0.33 % Black or African American , 0.81 % Native American , 0.17 % Asian , 0.17 % Pacific Islander , 16.37 % from other races , and 2.48 % from two or more races . 31.18 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 19,539 households 37.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.70 % were married couples living together , 9.00 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.90 % were non-families . 23.00 % of households were one person and 10.90 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.29 .
The age distribution was 30.40 % under the age of 18 , 8.50 % from 18 to 24 , 28.20 % from 25 to 44 , 19.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.00 % 65 or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females there were 100.40 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.30 males .
The median household income was $ 34,568 and the median family income was $ 39,102 . Males had a median income of $ 27,361 versus $ 21,524 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 15,492 . About 8.50 % of families and 12.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 15.30 % of those under age 18 and 9.50 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Brush
Fort Morgan
Towns
Hillrose
Log Lane Village
Wiggins
Census-designated places
Blue Sky
Jackson Lake
Morgan Heights
Orchard
Saddle Ridge
Snyder
Trail Side
Weldona
Other unincorporated communities
Goodrich
Hoyt
Politics
Morgan County has long been one of the Republican Party 's major strongholds in Colorado . It was one of only three Colorado counties ( the others being El Paso County and Larimer County ) to vote for the re-election of Herbert Hoover in 1932 , and the only Democrat to obtain an absolute majority in the county since 1920 has been Lyndon Johnson in 1964 – although Roosevelt did win a plurality in 1936 .
In other statewide elections , the county also leans strongly Republican , although it was carried by Democrat Roy Romer in 1990 – when they carried all but four counties statewide – by Dick Lamm in 1982 and by Constitution Party candidate Tom Tancredo in 2010 .
See also
Fort Morgan Micropolitan Statistical Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morgan County , Colorado
Notes
References
External links
Morgan County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1889 establishments in Colorado
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1889
Let the Night Fall is the fourth solo album by Tris McCall , a music journalist , novelist , and rock musician from Hudson County , New Jersey . It was released in December 2009 on the Melody Lanes label .
Songs and thematic notes
The album opens with `` WFMU '' , a paean to college and independent radio that `` builds from catchy trip-hop to a blazing chorus metaphorically loaded with unease , one rapidfire mot juste or double entendre after another . ''
The book Music : What Happened ? cites the song `` Battleships '' as both political and romantic .
`` You 're Dead After School , '' according to McCall , was their only autobiographical song ; as a student , McCall lost a role model , a teacher who was arrested for molesting a retarded child . At AllMusic , critic Paula Carino called the song both `` sad and hilarious . ''
`` Sugar Nobody Wants , '' in which the protagonist suggests breaking into an office supply store for the night , `` endorses petty thievery and vandalism at a variety of unloved Jersey locations as a sort of what-the-hell morale booster for all concerned , '' in what the lyrics called `` candy-assed forms of civil disobedience . '' McCall stated that the song was about `` finding the cracks in the city that are n't mapped , or that used to be mapped and have fallen away as the legend has been rewritten , and making your stand there .... in the invisible spaces where the authorities do n't bother to look . ''
A music video for `` Sugar Nobody Wants , '' created by McCall and producer Jay Braun , was released in April 2010 .
Critical reception
Music journalist Paula Carino described McCall as a `` first-rate wordsmith '' writing with a `` nuanced , exasperated love for their home state '' , who `` packs a novella 's worth of keenly observed details into every song . '' Carino identified a consistent trend going back to McCall 's `` brilliant 1999 debut ... highly melodic , piano-driven songs with intricate ( but rocking ) arrangements and insightful lyrics . ''
Lucid Culture called McCall an `` unsurpassed '' lyricist , likening them to Elvis Costello and Aimee Mann , and praising their differentiated use of sarcasm and irony in songs with a `` defiant populism ... often surprisingly cheery considering the underlying grimness . '' The San Diego Reader further described Let the Night Fall as `` rich , '' and McCall as `` mighty , '' stating `` You do n't have to be from Jersey . You just have to have ears . ''
Track listing
References
External links
2009 albums
Tris McCall albums
Music of New Jersey
Robert Schumann 's Introduction and Concert Allegro ( ) in D minor for piano and orchestra , Op . 134 , was one of their last works . Composed in 1853 , Schumann gave the autograph score to their wife , Clara Schumann , as a birthday gift ; they would give the first performance on 26 November . The work is dedicated to Johannes Brahms , and a typical performance is 13–14 minutes long .
Scoring
The Introduction and Concert Allegro is scored for solo piano , pairs of flutes , oboes , clarinets in B and A , bassoons , horns , and trumpets , trombone , timpani and strings .
References
External links
1853 compositions
Compositions by Robert Schumann
Compositions for piano and orchestra
Compositions in D minor
Schumann
Herschel Silverman ( April 17 , 1926 – September 19 , 2015 ) was an American `` Beat '' poet . The most important influence on their writing would have been Allen Ginsberg , but they were also connected to the Deep image school of poetry and close to Theodore Enslin . Silverman received the New Jersey Council of Arts Fellowship in Poetry .
Biography
Born in New York , Silverman was raised in California until they were orphaned at age seven , when they were sent to Jersey City to live with their aunt and grandmother . They served in World War II as a cook and in the Korean War in 1952 .
Until its closure in 1986 , Silverman ran a Bayonne , New Jersey , candy store , called Hersch 's Beehive , to provide for their family , while writing hundreds of ( published ) Beat poems . They also painted and printed poetry chapbooks and pamphlets on the side .
In May 2017 the Township of Bayonne named the corner of Avenue A and 29th street Hersch 's BeeHive Way commemorating the legendary BeeHive Candy Store .
Silverman continued to read and write new poetry well into their eighties . They were well known in the New York City Beat scene and was a regular at the Bowery Poetry Club and other various Beat venues .
Personal life
Silverman married Laura Frances Rothschild in 1945 . They had two children , Elaine and Jack . Laura died on March 6 , 1988 , aged 60 . Silverman died on September 19 , 2015 , aged 89 . They are survived by their children , three grandchildren and four great-grandchildren .
Works
Krishna Poems . 1970 . Repr . : Shivastan Press , 2006
April 1975 Vietnam Newsreel After `` The Times '' . Repr . : Saul 's Press , New York 1999
Elegies . Arts End Books , 1979
The Hey-Baby Blues . Beehive Press , Bayonne , NJ 1993
Nine De Koonings For Marian Courtney . Beehive Press , Bayonne NJ
Nite Train : Poems of Nostalgia and Frustration . Beehive Press , Bayonne , NJ
Bookshelf Cowboy . Beehive Press / Arts End Books , Bayonne , NJ 2001
Lift Off : New and Selected Poems , 1961-2001 Water Row Press , Sudbury , Massachusetts 2002
A Tokyo Stroll . Yuko Otomo Sisyphus Press , 2002
Perpendiculars . Beehive Press / Arts End Books , W. Dover , VT 2013
References
External links
Herschel Silverman biography on HudsonReporter.com
http : //www.poetz.com/2000/hersch.htm
Alan Kaufman The outlaw bible of American poetry , Basic Books , 1999 , 685 p
American male poets
Beat Generation writers
Outlaw poets
1926 births
2015 deaths
The 1975 England rugby union tour of Australia was a series of eight matches played by the England national rugby union team in Australia in May and June 1975 . England won only four of the eight matches and lost both internationals to Australia . In addition to the two test defeats they also lost to the Sydney and New South Wales Country representative teams .
The England selectors boldly , and in the circumstances quite rightly , chose an experimental squad for this , England 's first tour of Australia . That the experiment was not altogether successful , nor the tour the team building exercise it had been intended to be , was largely due to the extraordinary number of injuries suffered by the England squad , frequently to key players .
Matches
Scores and results list England 's points tally first .
Touring party
Manager : Alec Lewis
Assistant Manager : John Burgess
Captain : Tony Neary ( Broughton Park ) 26 Caps
Backs
Brian Ashton ( Orrell ) No caps
Neil Bennett ( Bedford ) 1 cap
Peter Butler ( Gloucester ) No caps
Alastair Hignell ( Cambridge University ) No caps
Peter Kingston ( Gloucester ) No caps
Andy Maxwell ( New Brighton ) No caps
Alan Morley ( Bristol ) 5 caps
Peter Preece ( Coventry ) 10 caps
Keith Smith ( Roundhay ) 4 caps
Peter Squires ( Harrogate ) 12 caps
Alan Wordsworth ( Cambridge University ) No caps
Derek Wyatt ( Bedford ) No aps
Replacements
Jeremy Janion ( Richmond ) 10 Caps
Alan Old ( Middlesbrough ) 12 Caps
Ian Orum ( Roundhay ) No Caps
Forwards
Bill Beaumont ( Fylde ) 1 Cap
Phil Blakeway ( Gloucester ) No Caps
Mike Burton ( Gloucester ) 8 Caps
Steve Callum ( Upper Clapton ) No Caps
Fran Cotton ( Coventry ) 14 Caps
Neil Mantell ( Rosslyn Park ) No Caps
Tony Neary ( Broughton Park ) 26 Caps
John Pullin ( Bristol ) 39 Caps
Jon Raphael ( Northampton ) No Caps
Andy Ripley ( Rosslyn Park ) 19 Caps
Dave Rollitt ( Bristol ) 9 Caps
Roger Uttley ( Gosforth ) 11 Caps
Bob Wilkinson ( Bedford ) No Caps
Replacements
Peter Dixon ( Gosforth ) 13 Caps
Barry Nelmes ( Cardiff ) No Caps
England tour
England national rugby union team tours of Australia
tour
tour
Dylan Bregeon ( born February 1994 ) is a French professional boxer . As an amateur they won a bronze medal at the 2013 Universiade .
As a pro they won a French cruiserweight title against Olivier Vautrain .
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
French male boxers
Cruiserweight boxers
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Universiade bronze medalists for France
Universiade medalists in boxing
Chris Martinez is an American retired soccer defender who played professionally in the American Professional Soccer League , National Professional Soccer League and Major League Soccer .
Martinez graduated from Ponderosa High School in Parker , Colorado . They attended Clemson University , where they played on the men 's soccer team from 1989 to 1992 . In June 1993 , they signed with the Colorado Foxes of the American Professional Soccer League and was part of the Foxes championship team . They would play every season until called up to the Colorado Rapids in 1997 . In October 1994 , they signed with the Wichita Wings of the National Professional Soccer League . Martinez played two winter indoor seasons with the Wings . In June 1997 , the Rapids called Martinez up from the Foxes . They remained with the Rapids through the 2001 season .
On 13 January 2022 , Martinez joined Houston Dynamo as an assistant coach . After just 29 matches , they were fired on September 5 .
References
External links
Living people
American soccer players
American Professional Soccer League players
Clemson Tigers men 's soccer players
Colorado Foxes players
Colorado Rapids players
Major League Soccer players
National Professional Soccer League ( 1984–2001 ) players
Wichita Wings ( NPSL ) players
Soccer players from Colorado
MLS Pro-40 players
USL A-League players
People from Parker , Colorado
Colorado Rapids non-playing staff
Association football defenders
1970 births
Sporting Kansas City II coaches
USL Championship coaches
Houston Dynamo FC non-playing staff
Franco Cavegn ( born 6 January 1971 ) is a Swiss former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 , 1998 , and 2002 Winter Olympics .
External links
1971 births
Living people
Swiss male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Patton Park is a park located on the southwest side of Detroit , Michigan . The park , named for the World War II US military leader General George S. Patton , was dedicated in the early 1950s . Local landowner Jacques Baby bequeathed the tract of land to the City of Detroit for a park . The park retains a restrictive covenant that prohibits the City from tampering with the park , lest the park return to Baby 's descendants . ( Restrictive covenants in City of Detroit parks have also been placed into the deeds at Eliza Howell Park and Rackham Golf Course . )
Location and Patton Pond
Sitting within Patton Park is a Detroit Recreation Department recreation center , also bearing Patton 's name . The Patton Park Recreation Center once boasted America 's first indoor-outdoor swimming pool , due to its one time hangar-like doors that completely opened two exterior walls , allowing swimmers to use a raised outdoor patio that overlooked three sets of tennis courts , a racquetball court and a swimming/fishing pond .
Patton Park is also home to a sizable pond-marsh area , located directly southwest of the recreation center . The pond was a favorite swimming hole and fishing spot until the mid-1970s . The Patton Recreation Center once had a basement-level ( step-down stairway ) entrance to locker rooms to accommodate park-goers who utilized the pond area . The recreation center also had a rowing boat that once serviced the pond .
The Patton Pond was a natural outgrowth of the nearby springs , emanating from the area of Lonyo and Dix Streets . ( The surrounding area was once named Springwells Township , after the preponderance of natural springs in the area . ) Up until the early 1960s , the water flowed unabated as Baby ( or Baubee ) Creek through Patton Park , beneath Vernor , and along Woodmere Cemetery ( Riverside Drive ) in Dearborn . Baby Creek , was named after its first landowner , Jacques Baby . Baby Creek flowed into the Woodmere Cemetery pond , before flowing out near the intersection of Riverside and Dearborn Avenues , out into the Rouge River , on Miller Road ( north of Fort Street ) . Baby Creek was impounded beneath Patton Park through a set of parallel tunnels in the early 1960s , as well as through Woodmere Cemetery .
Opening and 1967 riots
The grand opening of the Patton Park Recreation Center was a spectacular affair , eight years after America 's victory in World War II . The grand opening was attended by Queen Juliana of the Netherlands , as a gesture of the Netherlands ' thanks . In addition to America 's first indoor-outdoor swimming pool , the City of Detroit Recreation Department spared no expense in making , at the time , Patton Park a world-class recreational facility . This was not surprising , as Detroit was nationally known in its golden years as having one of the nation 's premier recreational departments .
Patton Park gained attention during the 1967 race riots , when a landing strip was hastily constructed to bring in National Guard supplies . A National Guard camp was also established at Patton Park , although no strife occurred in or around the surrounding area .
Festivities , fireworks and facilities
The park was a focal point for Southwest Detroit celebrations throughout the seasons . The greatest of such was the post-festivities from the annual Southwest Detroit Fourth of July Parade , from Beard St. to Woodmere Ave. , along a one-mile stretch of Vernor Hwy . The day always contained numerous family barbecues , games and swimming at the park 's recreation center , culminating with a fireworks show above the Patton Park Pond . The fireworks display straddled the Dearborn–Detroit border across Patton Park . A story has it that calls came in from Dearborn officials , concerned about fireworks in their city ( a portion of Patton Park crosses into Dearborn , along Baby Creek ) ; reassurances by Patton Park staffers that the fireworks were “ on the Detroit side ” , satisfied the Dearborn officials .
Patton Park once contained two separate tennis court areas , three softball diamonds ( including a lighted diamond ) , and one hardball diamond . The park also contained a permanent satellite restroom ( located near the lighted softball diamond ) , four drinking fountains throughout the park , a stocked fishing pond , a small amphitheater , and two separate picnic areas .
The recreation center , built and dedicated at the same time the park was inaugurated , once boasted an indoor stage-theater , located at the back of the gymnasium . The second floor of the two story structure had a large community room where dances and social events were held . In the 1980s , until the Patton Recreation Center was renovated , the area housed a weight room . Another large room on the second level contained a hardwood floor , which was used for dances , dance instruction and community meetings . A small kitchen was located in a side room in this area . Two sets of seating areas were also located on the second level of the Patton Recreation Center , one for the gymnasium , the other for the swimming pool .
Renovation
The Patton Recreation Center underwent major renovation in 1978 that shut the recreation center for two years . During that time , the original gym floor was replaced , the stage-theater was demolished and sealed off , and the locker rooms were partially renovated . The recreation center underwent another renovation in 2002 that saw the closure of the recreation center for three years . The most recent renovation was a $ 10 million effort , paid for through Detroit 's Water & Sewerage Department ( D.W.S.D . ) , through an agreement with Detroit 's Recreation Department , who agreed to give up a portion of Patton Park to D.W.S.D . for the construction of a combined sewer overflow retention facility , attached directly to the D.W.S.D . 's existing Woodmere Pumping Station , also located within Patton Park .
Changes
The surrounding Patton Park neighborhood has changed and adjusted to the economic climate that has roiled the city of Detroit over the past five decades . Particularly hard hit with the closure of General Motors ' Cadillac Headquarters and Fleetwood and Fisher Guide assembly plants , the Patton Park neighborhood area experienced hardships from the early 1980s . This was most visibly pronounced in the greater Vernor-Springwells business district , where long-standing southwest Detroit institutions closed . Businesses such as Neisners , Jupiters , Paradise Candies , Rebert 's Bakery , Chimes Restaurant , Sheridan 's Sports , Vanity Fair , and Todt 's Pharmacy all folded due to the demise of General Motors ' local assembly plants . The ensuing exodus of long-time homeowners who had worked at the auto plants , along with a particularly hard-hitting recession in 1980–82 and the opening of nearby Fairlane Mall , all made shopping in the Vernor-Springwells area unnecessary .
In 2006 , an effort was undertaken to create a paved , asphalt trail along the Dix Road side of Patton Park . The effort was years in the planning , and cost $ 9 million . The trail starts at the corner of Norman and Woodmere Streets ( nearest the northern point of Patton Park and heads south along Dix Road to the park 's end at Dale St . The trail ends at Vernor Highway , the nearest Riverside Drive ( along Woodmere Cemetery ) . It has been further improved with three decorative park benches , garbage containers and numerous tree plantings throughout . Additional tree plantings have since been carried out along the trail by the Greening of Detroit conservancy group . A similar campaign was used for nearby Lapeer Park in Dearborn , complete with an extended trail , directional signs and landscaping . This trail has become an anchor for the Southwest Detroit Greenways Link , a series of bicycle paths/dedicated roadway lanes from Lapeer Park , Patton Park , through Vernor Highway , connecting to other networks of bike lanes in Detroit 's Mexicantown and Corktown neighborhoods .
References
Patton Community Center City of Detroit
Parks in Detroit
George S. Patton
Ernest Jennings Ford ( February 13 , 1919 – October 17 , 1991 ) , known professionally as Tennessee Ernie Ford , was an American singer and television host who enjoyed success in the country and western , pop , and gospel musical genres . Noted for their rich bass-baritone voice and down-home humor , they are remembered for their hit recordings of `` The Shotgun Boogie '' and `` Sixteen Tons '' .
Biography
Early years
Ford was born in Bristol , Tennessee , United States , to Maud ( née Long ) and Clarence Thomas Ford . They spent a lot of their time in their early years listening to country or western musicians , in person or on the radio .
Ford began wandering around Bristol in their high school years , taking an interest in radio and began their radio career as an announcer at WOPI-AM in 1937 , being paid 10 dollars a week . In 1938 , the young bass-baritone left the station and went to study classical music at the Cincinnati Conservatory of Music in Ohio . They returned for the announcing job in 1939 and did it from 1939 to 1941 in stations from Atlanta to Knoxville . A First Lieutenant , they served in the United States Army Air Corps in World War II as the bombardier on a B-29 Superfortress flying missions over Japan . They were also a bombing instructor at George Air Force Base , in Victorville , California .
After the war , Ford worked at radio stations in San Bernardino and Pasadena , California . At KFXM , in San Bernardino , Ford was hired as a radio announcer . They were assigned to host an early morning country music disc jockey program , Bar Nothin ' Ranch Time . To differentiate himself , they created the personality of `` Tennessee Ernie '' , a wild , madcap , exaggerated hillbilly . They became popular in the area and was soon hired away by Pasadena 's KXLA radio . They also did musical tours . The Mayfield Brothers of West Texas , including Smokey Mayfield , Thomas Edd Mayfield , and Herbert Mayfield , were among Ford 's warmup bands , having played for them in concerts in Amarillo and Lubbock , during the late 1940s .
At KXLA , Ford continued doing the same show and also joined the cast of Cliffie Stone 's popular live KXLA country show Dinner Bell Roundup as a vocalist while still doing the early morning broadcast . Cliffie Stone , a part-time talent scout for Capitol Records , brought them to the attention of the label . In 1949 , while still doing their morning show , they signed a contract with Capitol . They became a local TV star as the star of Stone 's popular Southern California Hometown Jamboree show . RadiOzark produced 260 15-minute episodes of The Tennessee Ernie Show on transcription disks for national radio syndication .
They released almost 50 country singles through the early 1950s , several of which made the Billboard charts . Many of their early records , including `` The Shotgun Boogie '' and `` Blackberry Boogie '' , were exciting , driving boogie-woogie records featuring accompaniment by the 'Hometown Jamboree ' band , which included Jimmy Bryant on lead guitar and pioneer pedal steel guitarist Speedy West . `` I 'll Never Be Free '' , a duet pairing Ford with Capitol Records pop singer Kay Starr , became a huge country and pop crossover hit in 1950 . A duet with Ella Mae Morse , `` False Hearted Girl '' was a top seller for the Capitol Country and Hillbilly division .
Ford eventually ended their KXLA morning show and in the early 1950s , moved on from Hometown Jamboree . They took over from bandleader Kay Kyser as host of the TV version of NBC quiz show College of Musical Knowledge when it returned briefly in 1954 after a four-year hiatus . They became a household name in the U.S. , largely as a result of their portrayal in 1954 of the 'country bumpkin ' , `` Cousin Ernie '' , in three episodes of I Love Lucy . In 1955 , Ford recorded `` The Ballad of Davy Crockett '' ( which reached number 4 on the country music chart ) with `` Farewell to the Mountains '' on the B-side .
`` Sixteen Tons '' cover version success
Ford scored an unexpected hit on the pop chart in 1955 with their rendering of `` Sixteen Tons '' , a sparsely arranged coal-miner 's lament . Merle Travis had first recorded it in 1946 . It reflected experiences of the Travis family in the mines at Muhlenberg County , Kentucky . The song 's fatalistic tone and bleak imagery were in stark contrast to some sugary pop ballads and rock & roll also on the charts in 1955 :
With Ford 's snapping fingers and a unique clarinet-driven pop arrangement by Ford 's music director , Jack Fascinato , `` Sixteen Tons '' spent ten weeks at number one on the country chart and seven weeks at number one on the pop chart . The record sold over twenty million copies , and was awarded a gold disc . The song made Ford a crossover star , and became their signature song .
The Ford Show
Ford subsequently hosted their own prime-time variety program , The Ford Show , which ran on NBC television from October 4 , 1956 , to June 29 , 1961 . Ford 's last name allowed the show title to carry a unique double entendre by selling the naming rights to the Ford Motor Company ( Ford had no known relation to the Ford family that founded that company ) . The Ford Theatre , an anthology series also sponsored by the company , had run in the same time slot on NBC in the preceding 1955–1956 season . Ford 's program was notable for the inclusion of a religious song at the end of every show , a tradition they recalled during their days as a cast member on Cliffie Stone 's Hometown Jamboree live radio and TV show . Ford insisted on ending with a hymn on their own show despite objections from network officials and the ad agency representing Ford , who feared it might provoke controversy . Everyone relented after the hymns received overwhelmingly favorable viewer response . The hymn became the most popular segment of their show . They earned the nickname `` The Ol ' Pea-Picker '' due to their catchphrase , `` Bless your pea-pickin ' heart ! '' They began using the term during their disc jockey days on KXLA .
Later years
In 1956 they released Hymns , their first gospel music album , which remained on Billboards Top Album charts for 277 consecutive weeks ; their album Great Gospel Songs won a Grammy Award in 1964 and was nominated for several others . After the NBC show ended , Ford moved their family to Portola Valley in northern California . They also owned a cabin near Grandjean , Idaho , on the upper South Fork of the Payette River , where they would regularly retreat . In 1961 , they recorded two albums of American Civil War songs , one for songs of the Union and another for songs of the Confederacy .
From 1962 to 1965 , Ford hosted a daytime talk/variety show , The Tennessee Ernie Ford Show ( later known as Hello , Peapickers ) from KGO-TV in San Francisco , broadcast over the ABC television network . In 1968 , Ford narrated the Rankin/Bass Thanksgiving TV special The Mouse on the Mayflower for NBC . The mouse narrator seen at the beginning of the special , William the Churchmouse , was a caricature of Ford , in keeping with a Rankin/Bass tradition . Ford was the spokesperson for the Pontiac Furniture Company in Pontiac , Illinois , in the 1970s . They also became the spokesperson for Martha White brand flour in 1972 .
Although they left their own TV show , they went on other shows like The Dolly Show and on Barbara Mandrell and the Mandrell Sisters in the early 1980s .
Ford left Capitol Records in 1975 . By that time the quality of their country albums had become uneven and none of their releases were selling well . They would never record for a major label again .
Ford 's experiences as a navigator and bombardier in World War II led to their involvement with the Confederate Air Force ( now the Commemorative Air Force ) , a war plane preservation group in Texas . They were a featured announcer and celebrity guest at the annual CAF Airshow in Harlingen , Texas , from 1976 to 1988 . They donated a once-top-secret Norden bombsight to the CAF 's B-29 bomber restoration project . In the late 1970s , as a CAF colonel , Ford recorded the organization 's theme song `` Ballad of the Ghost Squadron '' .
Over the years , Ford was awarded three stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , for radio , records , and television . They were awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1984 , and was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1990 .
Out of the public eye , Ford and wife Betty contended with serious alcohol problems ; Betty had the problem since the 1950s , as well as emotional issues that complicated both their lives and the lives of their sons . Though their drinking began to worsen in the 1960s , they worked continuously , seemingly unaffected by their heavy intake of whiskey . By the 1970s , however , it had begun to take an increasing toll on their health , appearance and ability to sing , though their problems were not known publicly . After Betty committed suicide in 1989 because of prescription drug abuse , Ernie 's liver problems , diagnosed years earlier , became more apparent , but they refused to reduce their drinking despite repeated doctors ' warnings . Their last interview was taped on September 23 , 1991 , by their long-time friend Dinah Shore for their TV show , and was later aired on December 4 that year .
Ford received posthumous recognition for their gospel music contributions by being added to the Gospel Music Association 's Gospel Music Hall of Fame in 1994 .
Personal life
Ford was married to Betty Heminger from September 18 , 1942 , until their death on February 26 , 1989 . They had two sons : Jeffrey Buckner `` Buck '' Ford ( born 1950 ) ; and Brion Leonard Ford ( born 1952 , in San Gabriel , California ) , who died on October 24 , 2008 , in White House , Tennessee , of lung cancer , aged 56 . In 1980 Ford lived in the Smoke Tree neighborhood of Palm Springs , California .
Less than four months after Betty 's death in 1989 , Ford married again . On September 28 , 1991 , they suffered severe liver failure at Dulles Airport , shortly after leaving a state dinner at the White House , hosted by then-President George H. W. Bush . Ford died in H. C. A. Reston Hospital Center , in Reston , Virginia , on October 17 . Ford was interred at Alta Mesa Memorial Park , Palo Alto , California . Their second wife , Beverly Wood Ford ( 1921–2001 ) , died 10 years after Ernie ; their body was interred with his .
Discography
Albums
{ | class= '' wikitable ''
! rowspan= '' 2 '' | Year
! rowspan= '' 2 '' | Album
! colspan= '' 2 '' | Chart Positions
! rowspan= '' 2 '' | RIAA
! rowspan= '' 2 '' | Label
|-
! width= '' 50 '' | US Country
! width= '' 50 '' | US
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' | 1956
| This Lusty Land !
|
| align= '' center '' | 12
|
| rowspan= '' 54 '' | Capitol Records
|-
| Hymns
|
| align= '' center '' | 2
| align= '' center '' | Platinum
|-
| rowspan= '' 3 '' | 1957
| Spirituals
|
| align= '' center '' | 5
| align= '' center '' | Gold
|-
| Ford Favorites
|
|
|
|-
| Ol ' Rockin ' Ern '' '
|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' | 1958
| Nearer the Cross|
| align= '' center '' | 5
| align= '' center '' | Gold
|-
| The Star Carol|
| align= '' center '' | 4
| align= '' center '' | Platinum
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' | 1959
| Gather 'Round|
|
|
|-
| A Friend We Have|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 4 '' | 1960
| Sing a Hymn with Me|
| align= '' center '' | 23
|
|-
| Sixteen Tons|
|
|
|-
| Sing a Spiritual with Me|
|
|
|-
| Come to the Fair|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 4 '' | 1961
| Civil War Songs of the North|
|
|
|-
| Civil War Songs of the South|
|
|
|-
| Looks at Love|
|
|
|-
| Hymns at Home|
| align= '' center '' | 67
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 3 '' | 1962
| Mississippi Showboat|
| align= '' center '' | 110
|
|-
| I Love to Tell the Story|
| align= '' center '' | 43
|
|-
| Book of Favorite Hymns|
| align= '' center '' | 71
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 3 '' | 1963
| Long , Long Ago|
|
|
|-
| We Gather Together|
|
|
|-
| Story of Christmas|
| align= '' center '' | 14
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 3 '' | 1964
| Great Gospel Songs|
|
|
|-
| Country Hits Feelin ' Blue|
|
|
|-
| World 's Best Loved Hymns|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' | 1965
| Let Me Walk with Thee|
|
|
|-
| Sing We Now of Christmas|
| align= '' center '' | 31
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 4 '' | 1966
| My Favorite Things|
|
|
|-
| Wonderful Peace|
|
|
|-
| God Lives|
|
|
|-
| Bless Your Pea Pickin ' Heart|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' | 1967
| Aloha|
|
|
|-
| Faith of Our Fathers|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 4 '' | 1968
| Our Garden of Hymns ( w/ Marilyn Horne )
|
|
|
|-
| World of Pop and Country Hits|
|
|
|-
| O Come All Ye Faithful|
|
|
|-
| The Best of Tennessee Ernie Ford Hymns|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 3 '' | 1969
| Songs I Like to Sing|
|
|
|-
| New Wave|
|
|
|-
| Holy , Holy , Holy|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' | 1970
| America the Beautiful|
| align= '' center '' | 192
|
|-
| Everything Is Beautiful|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 3 '' | 1971
| Abide with Me|
|
|
|-
| C-H-R-I-S-T-M-A-S|
|
|
|-
| Folk Album|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' | 1972
| Mr . Words and Music|
|
|
|-
| Standin ' in the Need of Prayer|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' | 1973
| Country Morning| align= '' center '' | 46
|
|
|-
| Ernie Ford Sings About Jesus|
|
|
|-
| 1974
| Make A Joyful Noise| align= '' center '' | 35
|
|
|-
| 1975
| Ernie Sings & Glen Picks ( w/ Glen Campbell )
|
|
|
|-
| rowspan= '' 2 '' | 1976
| Sing Their Great Love|
|
|
|-
| For the 83rd Time|
|
|
|-
| 1977
| They Touched Me|
|
|
| rowspan= '' 7 '' | Word Records
|-
| 1978
| Swing Wide Your Golden Gate|
|
|
|-
| 1979
| Ramblin ' Down Country Roads With Tennessee Ernie Ford |
|
|
|-
| 1980
| Tell Me the Old , Old Story|
|
|
|-
| 1982
| There 's A Song In My Heart|
|
|
|-
| 1983
| Sunday School Songs For Children of All Ages|
|
|
|-
| 1984
| Keep Looking Up|
|
|
|-
| 2009
| 6000 Sunset Boulevard : Featuring The Billy Liebert Band|
|
|
| Sundazed Records
|-
| 2014
| Amazing Grace : 14 Treasured Hymns| align= '' center '' | 19
| align= '' center '' | 159
|
| Gaither Music
| }
Singles
References
External links
Tennessee Ernie Ford Official Website
Sixteen Tons – The Story Behind the Legend
Jeffrey Buckner Ford , 2008 . River of No Return : Tennessee Ernie Ford and the Woman They Loved '' . Nashville , TN : Cumberland House Publishing .
1919 births
1991 deaths
American bass-baritones
American country singer-songwriters
American gospel singers
American male singer-songwriters
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American Methodists
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
Television personalities from Los Angeles
Capitol Records artists
Country Music Hall of Fame inductees
Grammy Award winners
Music of East Tennessee
People from Bristol , Tennessee
People from Palm Springs , California
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
Southern gospel performers
Tennessee Republicans
United States Army Air Forces officers
Presidential Medal of Freedom recipients
20th-century American male actors
Radio personalities from Los Angeles
20th-century American male singers
20th-century American singers
Deaths from liver failure
Singer-songwriters from California
American aviators
The red-necked araçari ( Pteroglossus bitorquatus ) , is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae , the toucans , toucanets , aracaris , etc .
It is found in Bolivia and Brazil . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest .
Taxonomy and systematics
Alternate names for the red-necked aracari include the double-collared aracari .
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized :
Western red-necked aracari ( P. b. sturmii ) - Natterer , 1843 : Originally described as a separate species . Found in central Brazil to eastern Bolivia
P. b. reichenowi - Snethlage , E , 1907 : Originally described as a separate species . Found in north-central Brazil
Brazilian red-necked aracari ( P. b. bitorquatus ) - Vigors , 1826 : Found in north-eastern Brazil
Description
It is 38–45 cm ( 15–18 in ) long and weighs 112-171 ( 4-6 oz . ) Both sexes are basically alike but the female has little to no black at the rear of the throat ; crown more brown , less black or none ; yellow band on breast narrower ; bill shorter ( Short/Horne ) . Immature birds are browner overall and lack vivid coloration . This species has a relatively long tail .
Habitat
The red-necked aracari is found in the southeast Amazon Basin and eastwards to the Atlantic coast on Marajó Island and the state of Maranhão , Brazil . It ranges only south of the Amazon River on the north , and southeastwards of the Madeira River in the west .
References
External links
Red-necked Aracari photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Photo-Medium Res ; Article nashvillezoo– '' Ramphastidae '' –South America species , with Range Maps
Pteroglossus
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Bolivia
Birds described in 1826
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Maurice Wyckaert ( 1923–1996 ) was a Belgian artist born in Brussels . They are a neo-expressionistic , lyrical abstract painter , gouache designer and printmaker . They were educated at the Academy of Brussels ( 1940–47 and 1949–50 ) and in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode and the Vrije Atelier of Woluwe-Saint-Lambert . They debuted with wonderful expressionistic still life , reminiscent of Jean Brusselmans . Much early work dealt with stills of vegetables . Later Wyckaert became interested by William Turner and James Ensor and their ideas of luminism .
In 1955 Wyckaert started to lyrically abstract interpret their environment , which contained noticeable influences of Eastern calligraphy . From this , they evolved to a dynamic abstract combination of attractive colors , which harmoniously shape a free interpretation of landscape . Although Wyckaert was already critically acclaimed , by receiving several honors such as the Jules Raeymaekers of the Royal Academy Award , an honorable mention by JPB ( 1957 ) and an honorable mention by São Paulo Art Biennial ( 1961 ) , their true breakthrough began at the beginning of the 1970s . Around this time they started experimenting with gouache , printmaking and lithography .
Wyckaert was known for their pro-active involvement in several art movements such as being the Co-founder of Belgian art magazine De Meridiaan and Taptoe Brussels ( 1955 ) . Also they were a member of Présence ( 1949 ) , the Situationist International ( SI ) and the International Movement for an Imaginist Bauhaus and well known for their influence and intimate friendship with several CoBrA-members .
They were honored by the SI to read the Declaration in the Name of the Fourth SI Conference to the Institute of Contemporary Arts , at the Institute of Contemporary Arts on 28 September 1960 . After the city of Brussels started with art projects to enhance their underground , Wyckaert was appointed to decorate the Jacques Brel metro station . They have exhibited their work in several renowned museums from Rome to São Paulo .
Chief Editor of 'De Meridiaan '
De Meridiaan , later published as De kunst-meridiaan , was a Flemish literary magazine that published bimonthly in Belgium and the Netherlands from 1951 until 1960 . It was founded by Belgian artist Maurice Wyckaert , poet Clara Haesaert and their husband Gentil Haesaert . De Meridiaan was the main competitor of Tijd en Mens , another literary magazine . Because of its success the magazine evolved from a basic regional magazine to a well-known international art magazine . In 1955 De Meridiaan founded Galerie Taptoe , an artistic centrum , exhibition room and literary café in Brussels .
References
Situationists
Belgian artists
1996 deaths
1923 births
20th-century Belgian painters
Académie Royale des Beaux-Arts alumni
Louis Armand de Bourbon ( 10 November 1695 – 4 May 1727 ) was Prince of Conti , from 1709 to their death , succeeding their father , François Louis de Bourbon . As a member of the reigning House of Bourbon , they were a Prince du Sang . Their mother was Marie Thérèse de Bourbon , daughter of Henri Jules , Prince of Condé and granddaughter of Louis de Bourbon , le Grand Condé . They were nominated as the Prince of Orange by King Louis XIV of France in 1712 .
Their male line descendants died out in 1814 ; through their daughter , however , they are an ancestor of the present-day pretenders to the throne of France and Italy , the kings of Spain and Belgium and the Grand Duke of Luxemburg .
Biography
Born at the Palace of Versailles , they were one of seven children born to their parents , and their only son to live past the age of 5 . At the age of 8 , on 30 June 1704 , they were baptised . Held at Versailles , King Louis XIV had Mary of Modena as the guest of honour at the ceremony ; Mary was the widow of the exiled King James II of England .
Louis was often described as being `` hideous '' ; they were humpbacked and very unattractive .
At the age of 13 their father died in Paris ( 22 February 1709 ) and Louis Armand succeeded to the Conti title and wealth , although there was no real principality . On 1 January 1711 , Louis Armand was made a knight of the Order of the Holy Spirit .
On 9 July 1713 , Louis Armand married their maternal first cousin , Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon , known as Mademoiselle de Bourbon . Another proposed bride was their sister , Louise Anne de Bourbon . Louise Élisabeth was the daughter of Louis III , Prince of Condé and Louise-Françoise de Bourbon , a legitimised daughter of King Louis XIV and their famous mistress , Madame de Montespan .
The event , also took place at Versailles and was part of a double marriage ; on the same day , their oldest sister , Marie Anne de Bourbon , married Louis Henri I , Prince of Condé , known as the Duke of Bourbon .
In the end , Louise Élisabeth 's brother Charles , Count of Charolais , even proposed to Charlotte Aglaé , who is said to have considered the proposal but refused . Charlotte Aglaé themselves married the Duke of Modena in 1720 , in the presence of Louis Armand and Louis Élisabeth .
The marriage of Louis Armand and Louise Élisabeth would later become stormy .
Louise Élisabeth was known to have been unfaithful to their husband , a liaison with the handsome Philippe Charles de La Fare was well known at court . In August 1716 , Louis Armand caught Smallpox ; it was Louise Élisabeth who would nurse them until their recovery . Louise Élisabeth later caught the illness themselves but survived the disease .
It was at this time that Louis Armand found out about Louise Élisabeth 's affair with Monsieur de La Fare . They are reported to have hurt their wife to the point that they had to see a doctor on two separate occasions . Louise Élisabeth stayed at the Palais Bourbon which was their mothers private home in Paris . They also stayed at a convent in the capital . At the birth of their second son in 1717 , Louis Armand said to them that they did not care for the child as they could not have been his ; in turn , the proud Louise Élisabeth replied that they did not care for the child either because they were his .
Louise Élisabeth and Louis Armand had to go to many court hearings in Paris . In 1725 , they consented to return to the Prince of Conti , who had them confined to the Château de l'Isle-Adam . They were able later , however , to convince them to allow them to return to Paris in order to give birth to their daughter . It was while in Paris they gave birth to their only daughter Louise Henriette .
They were treated with great liberality by King Louis XIV , and also by the Regent , Philippe II , Duke of Orléans . Louis Armand was a prominent supporter of the financial schemes of John Law , by which they made large sums of money .
It was during the Regency of 1715 - 1723 , Louis Armand was appointed a member of the Regency council itself as well as a member of the Council of War . In April 1717 they received the government of the Poitou region of France . This appointment came with a wage of 45,000 Livres .
They served under Marshal Villars in the War of the Spanish Succession , but they lacked the soldierly qualities of their father .
Louis Armand died at the Hôtel de Conti ( quai Conti ) in Paris due to a `` chest swelling '' .
Issue
Ancestry
References
|-
1696 births
1727 deaths
House of Bourbon-Conti
Princes of Conti
Counts of La Marche
People from Versailles
18th-century French people
17th-century French people
People of the Regency of Philippe d'Orléans
People of the Ancien Régime
Princes of France ( Bourbon )
Princes of Orange
French military personnel of the War of the Spanish Succession
French military personnel of the War of the Quadruple Alliance
18th-century peers of France
Green toucanets are near-passerine birds from the genus Aulacorhynchus in the toucan family . They are native to Mexico , and Central and South America . All are found in humid forests and woodlands in highlands , but a few also occur in adjacent lowlands . They are relatively small toucans , long , with colorful , mainly green , plumage . They are typically seen in pairs or small groups , and sometimes follow mixed species flocks .
Taxonomy and systematics
A major taxonomy review in 1974 resulted in 6 species in the genus Aulacorhynchus , and this was adopted by virtually all later authorities .
In 2001 , it was suggested that A. prasinus , as traditionally defined , was a species complex that should be split into 7 different species based on preliminary morphological evidence . This was to some extent supported by genetic evidence , which suggested that additional species should be recognized . As a result , A. griseigularis was split from in A. albivitta based on this early genetic evidence but these species are now lumped together again .
Currently , there remains a considerable lack of consensus to support the IOC 's latest taxonomy of Aulacorhynchus into eleven species . Several authorities still maintain that the genus Aulacorhynchus has only 7 species and treat the remaining as subspecies . The SACC has called for further genetic studies of this genus .
Species
The genus Aulacorhynchus has eleven species considered belonging to the genus :
References
Toucans
Higher-level bird taxa restricted to the Neotropics
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by John Gould
Natadha is a Bengali theatre group . located in Howrah , West Bengal . The theatre group started its journey in 1974 . Shib Mukhopadhyay is the artistic director of this group .
History
Natadha group was founded on 22 December 1974 . The theatre group is located in Howrah , West Bengal . The first drama to be staged by this group was Aishwarik written and directed by Shib Mukhopadhyay . The group organises school theatre festival every year .
Productions
( in alphabetical order )
Aishwarik
Bhitorer Mukh
Caesar o Cleopatra
Dakghar ( of Rabindranath Tagore )
Bishubishoy
Ebang Socrates
Eka Tughlaq
Karna Ekhon
Bishkaal
Morossa
Megh Name
Palashi
Raktakarabi
Shakuntala
References
External links
Bengali theatre groups
Theatre companies in India
Organisations based in West Bengal
1974 establishments in West Bengal
Arts organizations established in 1974
Karl Friedrich von Dacheröden or Dachröden ( 22 April 1732 , Halberstadt , Saxony-Anhalt - 20 November 1809 , Erfurt , Thuringia ) was a German lawyer . Their daughter Caroline married the diplomat Wilhelm von Humboldt .
Life
Their parents were Charlotte Ludmilla von Posadowsky and their husband Karl Friedrich von Dacheröden the elder ( 1705–1742 ) , a 'Regierungspräsident ' or governor of Magdeburg and a 'Verwaltungsbeamter ' . Like their father , Karl Friedrich the younger became a Prussian administrative officer .
Bibliography
Ilse Foerst-Crato : Karl Friedrich von Dacheröden . Mitteilungen des Mindener Geschichtsvereins , Jahrgang 49 ( 1977 ) , S. 131–136 .
1732 births
1809 deaths
Jurists from Saxony-Anhalt
People from Halberstadt
Stanislav Kotyo ( ; born 6 April 1994 in Zakarpattia Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Kotyo is a product of the Uzhhorod Youth Sportive School System . In 2013 , they signed a contract with FC Hoverla , but played only in the FC Hoverla Uzhhorod reserves . In the main-team squad Kotyo made their debut playing as a substitute in the match against FC Volyn Lutsk on 14 May 2016 in the Ukrainian Premier League .
They are a son of the retired Ukrainian footballer Ivan Kotyo , who played for FC Zakarpattia Uzhhorod in the middle 1990s .
References
External links
Ukrainian footballers
Association football defenders
1994 births
Living people
FC Hoverla Uzhhorod players
FC Uzhhorod players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian Second League players
Ian Harris ( born November 16 , 1952 ) is a former professional tennis player from the United States .
Biography
Harris appeared in the men 's doubles main draw at the 1980 French Open and 1981 Wimbledon Championships .
On the Grand Prix circuit they made the doubles quarter-finals at the Lagos Open in 1980 and the Columbus Open in 1981 . Their best performance in singles came at the Grand Prix Cleveland in 1981 when they reached the round of 16 .
Both of their two Challenger titles were in doubles .
Now working as a tennis pro in Michigan , Harris also competes as an amateur golfer .
Challenger titles
Doubles : ( 2 )
References
External links
1952 births
Living people
American male tennis players
Tennis people from Michigan
In Christian theology , conditionalism or conditional immortality is a concept in which the gift of immortality is attached to ( conditional upon ) belief in Jesus Christ . This doctrine is based in part upon another biblical argument , that the human soul is naturally mortal , immortality ( `` eternal life '' ) is therefore granted by God as a gift . This viewpoint stands in contrast to the more popular doctrine of the `` natural immortality '' of the soul . Conditionalism is practically synonymous with annihilationism , the belief that the unsaved will be ultimately destroyed , rather than suffer unending physical torment in hell . The view is also sometimes connected with the idea of soul sleep , in which the dead sleep unconscious until the Resurrection of the Dead to stand for a Last Judgment before the World to Come .
Protestantism
The British Evangelical Alliance ACUTE report states the doctrine is a `` significant minority evangelical view '' that has `` grown within evangelicalism in recent years '' . In the 20th century , conditional immortality was considered by certain theologians in the Eastern Orthodox Church .
Proponents of conditional immortality ( `` conditionalists '' ) point to and , where the Tree of Life is mentioned . It is argued that these passages , along with teach that human beings will naturally die without continued access to God 's life-giving power .
As a general rule , conditionalism goes hand in hand with annihilationism ; that is , the belief that the souls of the wicked will be destroyed in Gehenna ( often translated `` hell '' , especially by non-conditionalists and non-universalists ) fire rather than suffering eternal torment . The two ideas are not exactly equivalent , however , because in principle God may annihilate a soul which was previously created immortal . While annihilationism places emphasis on the active destruction of a person , conditionalism places emphasis on a person 's dependence upon God for life ; the extinction of the person is thus a passive consequence of separation from God , much like natural death is a consequence of prolonged separation from food , water , and air .
In secular historical analysis , the doctrine of conditional immortality reconciles the ancient Hebrew view that humans are mortal with the Christian view that the saved will live forever .
Belief in forms of conditionalism became a current in Protestantism beginning with the Reformation , but it was only adopted as a formal doctrinal tenet by denominations such as early Unitarians , the churches of the English Dissenting Academies , then Seventh-day Adventists , Christadelphians , the Bible Students and Jehovah 's Witnesses .
Moralist writers , such as Thomas Hobbes in Leviathan , have often argued that the doctrine of natural ( or innate ) immortality stems not from Hebrew thought as presented in the Bible , but rather from pagan influence , particularly Greek philosophy and the teachings of Plato , or Christian tradition . Bishop of Durham N.T . Wright noted that teaches `` God… alone is immortal , '' while in it says that immortality only comes to human beings as a gift through the gospel . Immortality is something to be sought after ( ) therefore it is not inherent to all humanity .
These groups may claim that the doctrine of conditional immortality reconciles two seemingly conflicting traditions in the Bible : the ancient Hebrew concept that the human being is mortal with no meaningful existence after death ( see שאול , Sheol and the Book of Ecclesiastes ) , and the later Jewish and Christian belief in the resurrection of the dead and personal immortality after Judgment Day .
References
External links
Conditionalimmortality.org Introductory articles on why Conditionalism is correct . Includes `` Answering the critics '' section .
Defining Conditionalism Christian conditionalism is essentially an anthropological term . It describes the nature of humanity as the Bible represents it . The article defines the term .
The Logic of Conditionalism Discusses the implications of Christian conditionalism for other branches of Christian theology .
Jewish not Greek Shows how Biblical hermeneutics proves `` conditional immortality '' and not the Greek philosophical view of innate immortality .
The Resurrection and Immortality An exhaustive study into the biblical definition of immortality and proof of conditional immortality .
Freedom From Fear : What happens when you die ?
Truth About Death Comprehensive site covering questions and answers regarding Christian conditionalism
A Tour de Force for conditional immortality by a Frenchman .
Three early essays from one of the classical advocates of conditional immortality . See especially `` Appendix 1 : Answers to Objections Urged Against the Doctrine of the Gradual Extinction of Obdurate Sinners , '' beginning on page 147 of the book .
Perhaps the best and most sophisticated demonstration of conditional immortality , both rationally and biblically . See Hudson 's book Christ Our Life listed immediately below for an expanded biblical defense .
A thorough , sophisticated argument from the Bible for conditional immortality .
. Exceptional biblical argument for conditional immortality , though White posits an intermediate conscious state of the soul pace the standard conditional immortality belief that the dead are unconscious .
An excellent place to begin a study on conditional immortality from a Seventh-Day-Adventist scholar .
Rethinking Hell Exploring Evangelical Conditionalism .
Afterlife.co.nz The Conditional Immortality Association of New Zealand Inc. is a non-profit organization established to promote a Biblical understanding of human nature , life , death and eternity as taught throughout Scripture .
US , GB . This book deals with the fundamentals of being human ; living and dying , life and death . It answers such questions as .. What is death ? Why does man die ? What is the key to eternal life ? What is resurrection ?
Salvation in Protestantism
Seventh-day Adventist theology
Christian terminology
Annihilationism
pl : Kondycjonalizm
Paul Graham Walker ( born 3 April 1949 in Bradford ) is a former professional footballer , who played for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Watford , Swindon Town , Peterborough United , Barnsley and Huddersfield Town . In the summer of 1976 , they played abroad in Canada 's National Soccer League with Ottawa Tigers .
References
Sources
1949 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football defenders
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C . players
Watford F.C . players
Swindon Town F.C . players
Peterborough United F.C . players
Barnsley F.C . players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C . players
English Football League players
Footballers from Bradford
Canadian National Soccer League players
Pennsylvania 's 25th congressional district was one of Pennsylvania 's districts of the United States House of Representatives .
Geography
In 1903 the district was drawn to cover Crawford and Erie counties , which had been its original area 60 years earlier .
The district was again moved in 1922 . At this time it was redrawn to cover Washington and Greene counties .
In 1942 the boundaries of the district were redrawn without actually moving it for the first time . Greene County was transferred to the 24th District while parts of Allegheny County south and west of down-town Pittsburgh were moved to the 25th District . In 1944 the district boundaries were totally redrawn . It now consisted of Beaver , Butler and Lawrence counties . These boundaries were then redrawn in 1972 , with a small strip of northern Allegheny County being put in the 25th district .
The district was eliminated in 1983 .
Demographics
In 1902 the district was drawn to cover an area with a population of 162,116 . Only 4 of Pennsylvania 's 30 districts had fewer people at this point . Some Pennsylvania districts had over 250,000 people at this point . 0.4 % of the population of what would be the 25th district in 1902 was black in 1900 .
History
This district was created in 1833 . In 1853 , it consisted of Crawford County , Pennsylvania and Erie County , Pennsylvania at this point . The district had a population of 76,591 .
It was eliminated in 1863 . This district was recreated in 1873 . The district was held at-large until 1875 . In 1875 it was made a geographical district covering Forest County , Pennsylvania , Clarion County , Pennsylvania , Jefferson County , Pennsylvania , Armstrong County , Pennsylvania and Indiana County , Pennsylvania . It had a population of 131,663 . In 1888 Pennsylvania congressional districts were redrawn because there was a decision to make Pennsylvania 's 28th congressional district a geographical district and end its election at large . The 25th district was shifted to cover Butler County , Pennsylvania , Beaver County , Pennsylvania , Lawrence County , Pennsylvania and Mercer County , Pennsylvania . These would remain the boundaries until 1912 .
The district was eliminated as a result of the redistricting cycle after the 1980 Census .
List of members representing the district
References
25
Former congressional districts of the United States
Constituencies established in 1833
1833 establishments in Pennsylvania
Constituencies disestablished in 1843
1843 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Constituencies established in 1853
1853 establishments in Pennsylvania
Constituencies disestablished in 1863
1863 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Constituencies established in 1875
1875 establishments in Pennsylvania
Constituencies disestablished in 1983
1983 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
The Last Round : Chuvalo vs. Ali is a Canadian documentary film , directed by Joseph Blasioli and released in 2003 . The film centres on the 1966 boxing match at Maple Leaf Gardens between Canadian boxer George Chuvalo and world champion Muhammad Ali .
An excerpt from the film was screened at the SkyDome before a Toronto Argonauts game on October 20 , 2002 , with both Chuvalo and Ali in attendance . The full film premiered on May 3 , 2003 at the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival , where Blasioli won a special jury award from the Best Canadian Documentary jury .
The film was a Genie Award nominee for Best Feature Length Documentary at the 24th Genie Awards in 2004 . It was subsequently broadcast by CBC Television on August 30 , 2004 .
References
External links
2003 films
2003 documentary films
Canadian sports documentary films
Canadian boxing films
Documentary films about boxing
National Film Board of Canada documentaries
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Abdulsalami Abubakar ( ; born 13 June 1942 ) is a Nigerian statesman and retired Nigerian Army general who served as the de facto President of Nigeria from 1998 to 1999 . They were also Chief of Defence Staff between 1997 and 1998 . They succeeded General Sani Abacha upon their death .
During their leadership , Nigeria adopted a modified version of the 1979 constitution , which provided for multiparty elections . They transferred power to president-elect Olusegun Obasanjo on 29 May 1999 . They are the current Chairman of the National Peace Committee .
Early life
Abubakar from the Hausa ethnicity was born on 13 June 1942 to their father Abubakar Jibrin and their mother Fatikande Mohammed , in Minna , Niger State , Nigeria .
From 1950 to 1956 they attended Minna Native Authority Primary school . From 1957 to 1962 , they had their secondary school education at Government College , Bida , Niger State . From January to October 1963 they studied at Kaduna Technical College .
Military careers
Air force career
Abubakar is a member of the pioneering sets of officer cadets who enlisted into the Nigerian Air force on 3 October 1963 . From 1964- 1966 , they were flown to Uetersen , West Germany with a team of officer cadets , for Basic and Advance Military Training . When they returned to Nigeria in 1966 they were seconded to the Nigerian Army .
Career in the army
After joining the army in 1966 as an officer cadet , Abubakar attended the emergency combatant short service course two . In October 1967 , Abubakar was commissioned second lieutenant , infantry division , Nigerian army . From 1967 to 1968 , Abubakar was general staff officer two , second garrison , and commanding officer , 92 infantry battalions from 1969 to 1974 . Between 1974 and 1975 , they were made brigade major , 7th infantry brigade . In 1975 they served as commanding officer , 84 infantry battalions . In 1978–1979 , Abubakar was commanding officer for the 145 infantry battalion ( NIBATT II ) , United Nations Interim force , Lebanon .
In 1979 they were made assistant adjutant general 3rd Infantry division , Nigeria . From 1980 to 1982 , Abubakar was a chief instructor at the Nigerian Defence Academy . In 1982 they were appointed as the colonel of administration and quartering , 1st mechanised division . A position they held up until 1984 . From 1985 to 1986 , Abubakar was the commander 3rd mechanised brigade . They served as the military secretary of the army , 1986–1988 . Abubakar was made general officer commanding 1st mechanised division 1990–1991 . Between 1991 and 1993 , they were the principal staff officer , as the army chief of plan and policy , Defence Headquarters .
From 1997 to 1998 , General Sani Abacha appointed Abubakar as the Chief of Defence Staff . Upon Abacha 's death on 8 June 1998 , one day later Abubakar was named military President and Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria .
Presidency
Military
Nigeria had been ruled by military leaders since Muhammadu Buhari seized power from Shehu Shagari in a 1983 coup .
Although democratic elections had been held in 1993 , they were annulled by General Ibrahim Babangida . Reported to have had an initial reluctance to accepting the position , Abubakar was sworn in as president on 9 June 1998 after the unexpected death of Abacha . They declared a weeklong period of national mourning .
Politics
A few days after assuming office , Abubakar promised to hold elections within a year and transfer power to an elected president .
They established the Independent National Electoral Commission ( INEC ) , appointing former Supreme Court Justice Ephraim Akpata as chairperson .
The INEC held a series of elections first for Local Government Areas in December 1998 , then for State Assemblies and Governors , National Assemblies and finally for the President on 27 February 1999 . Although efforts were made to ensure that the elections were free and fair , there were widespread irregularities that drew criticism from foreign observers .
Transfer of power
Surprising some critics of the country 's military , in May 1999 General Abubakar , handed over power to the newly elected civilian president , Olusegun Obasanjo and retired from the army .
Legacy
Abubakar 's legacy is mixed . A lecture circuit at Chicago State University in Chicago , Illinois , United States featuring them encountered opposition , because they had supported Abacha 's government . ( Abacha 's administration was notorious for its human rights abuses ) . They were also sued in that country by other Nigerians who claimed they were responsible for the death of 1993 president-elect Moshood Kashimawo Olawale Abiola , who died in custody after being prevented by the military from taking office , and for the violation of the rights of others during their administration . Abubakar helped in the Liberian peace movement by presiding over the 2003 peace talks between Charles Taylor and the opposing rebels . This is seen in the movie Pray the Devil Back to Hell . Abubakar also chaired the Commonwealth Observer Group to the Zimbabwe presidential election in 2002 , which concluded that `` the conditions in Zimbabwe did not adequately allow for a free expression of will by the electors . ''
Personal life
Abubakar is married to Fati and they have six children together .
Awards and honours
Abudulsalami Abubakar has received several awards and medals . In alphabetical order they include :
Defence Service Medal ( DSM )
Distinguished Service Medal ( DSM )
Forces Service Star ( FSS )
General Service Medal ( GSM )
Grand Commander of the Federal Republic of Nigeria ( GCFR )
International Gold Medal , of the Economic Community of West African States
Meritorious Service Star ( MSS )
National Service Medal ( NSM )
Republic Medal ( RM )
Rainbow/Push Coalition Peace Prize
Silver Jubilee Medal ( SJM )
Order of the Star of Ghana
Ufuk Dialogue Peace Award 2022
Bibliography
Abubakar , Abdulsalami . ( 1998 ) Nigeria : A new beginning . Publisher : Federal Ministry of Information and Culture . ASIN : B0006FDZZG
See also
Nigerian Third Republic
Nigerian Fourth Republic
List of Hausa people
References
External links
Abdulsalami Abubakar – Famous Nigerians and personalities – OnlineNigeria.com
1942 births
Living people
People from Minna
Nigerian Muslims
Nigerian generals
Heads of state of Nigeria
Nigerian Air Force officers
Nigerian Army officers
Hausa people
VGT may refer to :
Flemish Sign Language ( Vlaamse Gebarentaal ) , the language used by signers in Flanders
North Las Vegas Airport ( IATA code : VGT ) , an airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) NW of the central business district of Las Vegas
Variable-geometry turbocharger , a family of turbochargers usually designed with variable aspect ratios
Video Gaming Technologies , an American supplier of gambling machines
Virtual Global Taskforce , a group of law enforcement agencies from around the world working together to fight child pornography online
Vision Gran Turismo , a series of concept cars created by automakers for the Gran Turismo video game series
Asteroma is a genus of pathogenic fungus in the family Gnomoniaceae , containing several species that cause leaf spot and canker on plants such as goldenrod , primrose , and Erythronium .
References
Fungal tree pathogens and diseases
Diaporthales
Wolfenden may refer to any of the following :
People
Wolfenden ( surname )
Places
Wolfenden , location and township near Newchurch-in-Rossendale , Lancashire
Mount Wolfenden , Vancouver
USS Tern is the name of more than one United States Navy ship , and may refer to :
, a patrol boat in commission from 1917 to 1918
, a minesweeper in commission from 1919 to 1945
United States Navy ship names
Friedrich Köck ( 5 February 1898 – 1982 ) was an Austrian footballer . They played in six matches for the Austria national football team from 1916 to 1922 .
References
External links
1898 births
1982 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The 2007 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts . It was the 20th edition of the Internazionali Femminili di Palermo , and was part of the WTA Tier IV tournaments of the 2007 WTA Tour . It was held in Palermo , Italy , from 16 to 22 July 2007 .
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
* per team
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Silvia Disderi
Sara Errani
Antonella Serra Zanetti
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Sorana Cîrstea
Andreja Klepač
Raluca Olaru
Klára Zakopalová
The following players received entries as lucky losers :
Conchita Martínez Granados
Ekaterina Ivanova
María José Martínez Sánchez
Doubles main draw entrants
Seeds
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw :
Alice Canepa / Karin Knapp
Champions
Singles
Ágnes Szávay def . Martina Müller , 6–0 , 6–1
Doubles
Mariya Koryttseva / Darya Kustova def . Alice Canepa / Karin Knapp , 6–4 , 6–1
References
External links
Doubles and Singles Main Draws
Internazionali Femminili di Palermo
Internazionali Femminili di Palermo
2007 in Italian women 's sport
Torneo
Amira Sartani ( , born 17 November 1931 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and Mapam between 1984 and 1988 .
Biography
Born in kibbutz Merhavia during the Mandate era , Sartani studied at the educational institute Mishmar HaEmek , before attending the Oranim teachers seminary . They later studied sociology and political science at Tel Aviv University .
A member of the Executive Committee of Kibbutz Artzi , Sartani was also a member of Mapam , and joined the party 's central committee in 1974 . They headed the party 's Women 's Department and the Mapam delegation to the Na'amat women 's organisation from 1976 until 1984 , and from 1978 until 1982 they were also a member of the Histadrut 's Executive Committee .
In 1984 they were elected to the Knesset on the Alignment list ( an alliance of Mapam and the Labor Party , although Mapam broke away from the Alignment shortly after the election ) . Until losing their seat in the 1988 elections , they were a member of the Education and Culture Committee .
In the 1996 Knesset elections they were placed 90th on the Meretz ticket , in the 2009 elections in 108th place , in the 2013 elections in 111th place , in the 2015 elections in 105th place , and in the 2022 elections in 108th place .
References
External links
1931 births
Kibbutzniks
People from Northern District ( Israel )
Jews in Mandatory Palestine
Tel Aviv University alumni
Israeli educators
Israeli trade unionists
Israeli activists
Israeli women activists
Living people
Mapam politicians
Alignment ( Israel ) politicians
Women members of the Knesset
Members of the 11th Knesset ( 1984–1988 )
Fort Waldegrave was a battery or an emplacement for heavy guns in St. John 's Newfoundland , strategically overlooking the Narrows and St John 's Harbour .
Original purpose
It was originally constructed in 1798 where Old North Castle had first been located and was used as a support battery for Chain Rock . It was named after Governor Waldegrave . The fort is located on the slopes of Signal Hill . It is located at , on the northern side of The Narrows , the entrance to St. John 's harbour .
It was also used to back up another battery , Fort Amherst , on the opposite shore from Chain Rock , an outcrop of land , which is one of two rocks located on opposite sides of the Narrows : Chain Rock is on the battery side and Pancake Rock on the opposite . They are 174 meters apart . At nightfall , a large defensive chain was stretched between the rocks by means of a capstan to prevent enemy ships from entering the harbor . Chain Rock and Pancake Rock were used for this purpose as early as 1770 .
Apart from a guardhouse at Fort Waldegrave , there were two cannon , and a magazine capable of travelling .
The fortifications on the opposite side of the Narrows were named for Lieutenant Colonel William Amherst who successfully recaptured St. John 's from French forces in 1762 . The Seven Years ' War was fought from 1756–1763 where France and Britain fought for superiority in French North America .
In 1762 , toward the end of the war , French forces attacked St. John 's , Newfoundland . If successful , the expedition would have strengthened France 's hand at the negotiating table . Though they took St. John 's and raided nearby settlements , the French forces were eventually defeated by British troops at the Battle of Signal Hill . This was the final battle of the war in North America , and it forced the French to surrender to the British under Amherst . The British government now controlled all of eastern North America .
The battery was rebuilt in 1810 and was maintained until the end of 1860s .
Use of Fort in World War I
During World War I , on July 8 , 1916 , Fort Waldegrave became important as the sole active defense site for St. John 's . A BL 6-inch gun Mk II was mounted atop a gun carriage within a protective circular stone wall . The gun was from , a British Royal Navy training ship which during World War I was stationed in St John 's . In February 1916 , the ship was renamed . Royal Navy Reservists from the ship who were each equipped with a .303 rifle , assisted the Legion of Frontiersmen who were commanded by Lieutenant Edward W. Vere Holloway and Sergeant Joseph Russell .
A small barracks and mess hall with office facilities were also located nearby along with two powder magazines . They were surrounded by a stone wall with gates . However , during World War I the Fort saw no action .
In 1920 the barrack building was sold and became a dance hall . The wall and other buildings were dismantled and used to repair the Anglican Cathedral of St. John the Baptist as well as home foundations , during the 1940s . The circular stone wall around the gun remains in place from World War I .
During World War I the chain was replaced with anti-submarine nets
Use of Fort in World War II
During World War II The Chain Rock was once again used to attach a large chain and anti-submarine boom connecting to Fort Amherst above Pancake Rock , so as to prevent the entry of German U-boats into the harbour .
Local Neighbourhood
The Battery is also the name that describes a small neighbourhood within the city of St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador where Fort Waldegrave was located . In the 1920s a large stone building was built near the foot of the headland and was initially used as a hotel , the Hotel Newfoundland . In the Lower Battery area where US Army Dock Road is now located , there were at one time , railway tracks .
Grand Concourse Authority
The Grand Concourse , is a network of walkways that covers the metropolitan area of the Newfoundland and Labrador Provincial Capital , St. John 's , as well as its neighbouring communities of Mount Pearl and Paradise . It is 125 km long and links rivers , lakes and ponds , parks and green spaces , and historical sites such as Fort Waldegrave . This fort can be found by following the walkway indicated on the website named `` Concourse Harbourside Walk East '' . The Authority also sets up informational boards at various points of interest on the walkways .
Notes
External links
Signal Hill National Historic Site - Parks Canada
A cruise ship passes between the Narrows
References
Parsons , W. David ( 2003 ) , `` Newfoundland and the Great War '' , published in Canada and the Great War : Western Front Association Papers . McGill-Queen 's University Press . .
Georges Cerbelaud-Salagnac , La reprise de Terre-Neuve par les Français en 1762 , revue française d'histoire d'outre-mer , tome LXIII , 1976 , numéro 231
Major Evan W. H. Fyers , The Loss and Recapture of St. John 's , Newfoundland , in 1762 , Army Historical Research , Volume XI , 1932
André de Visme , Terre-Neuve 1762 : Dernier combat aux portes de la Nouvelle-France , Montréal , 2005 ,
Military history of Newfoundland
Military forts in Newfoundland and Labrador
Coastal fortifications
History of St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador
Populated coastal places in Canada
Conoplectus acornus is a species of beetles , first discovered by Christopher E. Carlton in 1983 . No sub-species mentioned in the Catalogue of Life .
References
Pselaphinae
Gold and Silver ( Spanish : Oro y plata ) is a 1934 Mexican drama film directed by Ramón Peón and starring Carmen Guerrero , Adolfo Girón and Alfredo del Diestro .
The film 's art direction was by Fernando A. Rivero .
Cast
Carmen Guerrero as Maruca
Adolfo Girón as Rubén del Castillo
Alfredo del Diestro as Don Ridrigo
Domingo Soler as Juan Antonio
Julio Villarreal as Don Ricardo del Castillo
Beatriz Ramos as Violeta
Antonio R. Frausto as Lencho
Dolores Camarillo as Pareja de Lencho
Paco Martinez as Pedro , criado
Pepe Martínez as Juan
Manuel Tamés as Basilio
Pedro Nava F. as Cura
Felipe de Flores as José
Fabio Acevedo as Simón
A.L . Rocha as Colás
Alfonso Sánchez Tello
Ricardo Marrero
El Trío Maya
Chel López
Carmen Torreblanca
References
Bibliography
Emilio García Riera . Historia documental del cine mexicano : 1929-1937 . Universidad de Guadalajara , 1992 .
External links
1934 films
1934 drama films
Mexican drama films
1930s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Ramón Peón
Mexican black-and-white films
1930s Mexican films
The Santa Fe International Film Festival ( SFiFF ) , formerly known as the Santa Fe Independent Film Festival , is an American film festival held annually in Santa Fe , New Mexico at the Lensic Performing Arts Center , Violet Crown Cinema , Center for Contemporary Arts , The Screen , and George R.R . Martin 's Jean Cocteau Cinema .
History
The SFiFF began in 2009 .
Honorees at SFiFF 2012 included Chris Eyre , Rudolfo Anaya , and Judy Blume .
In 2013 , SFiFF was included in MovieMaker magazine 's list of `` 25 Coolest General Film Festivals on the Planet '' . 2013 Santa Fe Independent Film Festival awarded John Waters & actor Wes Studi . John Waters performed their live one-man show This Filthy World at the Lensic Performing Arts Center .
For SFiFF 2014 there were over 10,000 attendees for the first time , and presented Lifetime Achievement Awards to Shirley MacLaine and George R. R. Martin .
In 2015 , Santa Fe Independent Film Festival honored Ted Hope , Imogene Hughes , and Hampton Sides .
SFiFF 2015 honored Gena Rowlands with a lifetime achievement award .
SFiFF 2016 presented Jacqueline Bisset with the Lifetime Achievement Award , and Jay Roach with the American filmmaker award .
SFiFF 2017 presented John Sayles and Maggie Renzi with the Lifetime Achievement Award . N. Scott Momaday was presented the Lifetime Achievement Award by Robert Redford and John Waters . Chris Eyre , George R.R . Martin , and Wes Studi returned as guests . SFiFF presented a Q & A with Ethan Hawke at Center for Contemporary Arts .
SFiFF 2018 presented Bill Plympton with a Lifetime Achievement Award , and Alexandria Bombach received the festival 's Visionary Award for Santa Fe Independent Film Festival 's 10th Annual Festival .
In 2019 , SFiFF was included in Moviemaker magazine 's list of `` 50 Festivals Worth the Entry Fee '' . SFiFF also presented Lifetime Achievement Awards to Tantoo Cardinal and Jane Seymour .
In July 2022 , the festival was rebranded as the Santa Fe International Film Festival .
Notable films
Salt of the Earth , ( 2010 } Hostiles Only The BraveFire at SeaShopliftersBurningThe SquareOn Them ShouldersBless Me , UltimaThe Broken Circle Breakdown
The HomesmanTaped '' , an original by Diederik van Rooijen , of whom Columbia Pictures bought the rights for an American remake .
Girlhood
The Front Runner
References
External links
Culture of Santa Fe , New Mexico
Film festivals in New Mexico
XEZJ-AM is a radio station on 1480 AM in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico . It is owned by Grupo Radiorama and carries a pop rock music radio format known as Rock and Pop .
History
XEZJ-AM received its concession on June 20 , 1962 . It was owned by Julio Romo Valdivia and based in Zapopan , with 250 watts of power . Carlos Fregoso Mendoza bought XEZJ in 1966 , and power increased to 500 and later 1,000 watts . XEZJ-AM was known as Radio Selecciones in the late 1970s and early 1980s , Zona Juvenil in the 1980s , 14-80 in the late 1990s , sports-formatted Solo Fútbol from 2003–06 , and carried Radio Trece programs from 2006 to 2008 .
Until 2006 , XEZJ-AM broadcast from the Federalismo Norte AM transmitter used by XEBON-AM 1280 .
In 2016 , XEZJ-AM flipped from news/talk format `` Ciudad 1480 '' to a motivational talk format known as `` Simplemente Supérate '' , but in 2019 , the station returned to the `` 1480 '' moniker . On February 15 , 2021 , the station changed names again , this time to `` Rock and Pop '' .
References
1962 establishments in Mexico
Radio stations established in 1962
Radio stations in Guadalajara
Radio stations in Jalisco
Radio stations in Mexico
Spanish-language radio stations
The women 's 100 metres hurdles event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria , British Columbia .
Medalists
Results
Heats
Wind : Heat 1 : +1.0 m/s , Heat 2 : +2.1 m/s
Final
Wind : -2.0 m/s
References
100
1994
1994 in women 's athletics
Kabompo District is a district of Zambia , located in North-Western Province . The capital lies at Kabompo . As of the 2000 Zambian Census , the district had a population of 51,904 people .
References
Districts of North-Western Province , Zambia
Joy Gruttmann ( born 6 December 1995 ) is a German child singer made famous by singing the song `` Schnappi , das kleine Krokodil '' .
Joy has sung children 's music for the ARD program Die Sendung mit der Maus since 1999 . Them fifth song was `` Schnappi , das kleine Krokodil , '' composed by their aunt Iris Gruttmann and recorded in 2001 when they were five years old . They performed as the voice of the character Schnappi , the namesake of the song . In 2004 and 2005 , `` Schnappi '' became a No.1 hit in Germany and several other European countries such as Belgium , Netherlands , Switzerland , and Sweden . It also peaked in the Top 10 in Australia and New Zealand .
References
External links
1995 births
German child singers
People from Gelsenkirchen
Living people
21st-century German women singers
Nchelenge District is a district of Zambia , located in the Luapula Province . The capital lies at Nchelenge . As of the 2000 Zambian Census , the district had a population of 111,119 people .
Nchelenge is one of the twelve districts of Luapula Province in Zambia , second largest by population size ( only next to the provincial capital , Mansa ) . Other districts being Mansa , Kawambwa , Milenge , Mwense , Chienge , Chembe , Chipili , Chifunabuli , Mwansabombwe , Lunga and Samfya . The district , located north of Luapula province some 250 km away from Mansa is the most densely populated of all the districts in the province at 45 persons per square kilometer . The district has a total surface area of 4.092square kilometers ( 60 % land , 30 % water and 10 % swamps ) . The district shares borders with Democratic Republic of the Congo in the west , Chienge District in the north , Kaputa District in the north-east and Kawambwa District in the south-east . Lake Mweru marks the boundary between Nchelenge and Congo DR .
Socio-economic profile
The native inhabitants of Nchelenge are mainly fishers or fishmongers . Due to overfishing , there has been a shift to farming in the past few years to meet people 's basic economic needs . The selling of fish and timber , as well as general trading , comprise the main economic activities carried out by people , accounting for some 80 percent of the workforce . The remaining 20 percent are formally employed workers mostly in government departments and various non-governmental organizations in the area . The transport sector in the district has also increased .
Banking services are offered by the National Savings Bank and the Zambia National Commercial Bank ; the latter operating as a mobile bank twice weekly from Kawambwa district , located about 90 kilometers from Nchelenge district .
Education services
The district has 51 government primary schools , four day secondary schools , one boarding secondary school , five private schools and one nursing school . with the coming in of over 12,000 refugees from the Democratic Republic of Congo into the district , two new additional schools ( one primary and one combined primary & secondary school ) have been constructed and commissioned for both the refugee and host communities . The literacy level is low , with only thirty percent of the population completing primary education , forty percent attaining the ninth grade , and only ten percent completing the twelfth grade . The remaining twenty percent of the population does not attend school at all . Seventy percent of all students are male , and female students who drop out generally marry young , while male drop-outs tend to pursue careers in the fishing industry . These factors have had a negative impact on the developmental and economic advancements of the district .
Road network
The district is linked to Mansa ( the provincial capital ) by a paved road as far as St. Paul Hospital . All other roads are unpaved , which renders them impassable during the rainy season .
Water transport
Lake Mweru links Zambia with the Democratic Republic of Congo , and also with four islands : Kilwa , Chisenga , Isokwe and Kanakashi . Large vessels ( ichombos ) and smaller boats are used to transport traders and consumer goods on the lake as well as along the Luapula River . More modern boats to improve water transport in this area .
The mobile hospital unit in the district has two new boats . A passenger and an ambulance boat were added to its fleet , thus improving water transport and accessibility of health services for the island 's population . The cost of fuel is the largest expense , which limits the economic practicality of this type of transportation .
Communication
The district is connected by phone and internet facilities . All the health facilities use cell phones , because all facilities have no functioning radios . Postal services are also available . The communication system in the district is fairly good with reliable television and radio reception .
Air transport
The district has one airport for light aircraft situated just 6 kilometers ( 3.7 miles ) from the district central location . The aerodrome is located just 600m east of St. Paul 's General Hospital . At 900meters long , the facility 's runway is the best in the province , only second to the one in Mansa , the provincial capital .
Energy
The district is connected to the national grid up to Mukwakwa and 10 percent of the households have access to electrical power for lighting and cooking purposes . The rest of the district uses solar power , charcoal , or firewood as alternative sources of energy .
Governance
The Nchelenge district is headed by the District Commissioner on the administrative side appointed by the President . He/she is assisted by the district administrative office and heads of government departments who report to them administratively and to their provincial heads on technical matters . The Council Chairperson is an elected political leader responsible for the performance of civic duties in the district . He/She is elected every five ( 5 ) years by residents in all the wards of the district to preside over the political affairs of the district . Traditional leaders play an important governance role in the running of the district , which has four chiefs : Chief Kambwali , Chieftainess Kanyembo , Chief Nshimba and Chief Muyembe . Other traditional leaders include headmen and women who assist the chiefs .
References
Districts of Luapula Province
Gauhati Town Club is an Indian multi sports club based in Guwahati , Assam . Founded in 1906 , the club had participated in the I-League 2nd Division , then second highest level football in India , for two seasons . It currently plays in the GSA Super Division League . The Gauhati Town Club football academy was set up to identify , train and nurture the local talents of northeast India at grassroots level . It has highly equipped infrastructure .
History
1906–2010
Gauhati Town Club is one of the oldest and the premier sporting organizations in the north-east . It was born at the initiative of a dedicated group of sports-lovers including Captain L. B. Scott , I.M.S. , who was a civil surgeon , Dr. H.K . Das , an assistant surgeon and founding secretary of the club ; Sir Saiyid Saadullah , an eminent lawyer , and Khan Saheb Khalilur Rahman . Significantly , the club was essentially instrumental in introducing the coveted Bordoloi Trophy tournament , initially played at the Judges ' Field from 1952 to 1957 . Ranji Trophy cricket matches were also played at the same venue .
2010–present
On 21 January 2010 , it was announced that Juliano Silveira Fontana , a professional Brazilian football coach , has been appointed as the head coach of the academy . They later coached senior team in the I-League 2nd Division .
In February 2011 , it was announced that Gauhati Town Club will participate in 2011 I-League 2nd Division . Team finished season at the bottom of the table and did not gain promotion to the 2011 I-League 2nd Division Final Round . They participated in the 2012 I-League 2nd Division and finished 7th in the group stage .
Players
First-team
GTC Academy team
Management
Honours
GSA Super Division League
Champion ( 1 ) : 2002
Bordoloi Trophy
Winners ( 3 ) : 1954 , 1956 , 1963
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 1957
Assam Club Championship
Champion ( 1 ) : 2001
Amba Medhi Football Tournament
Runners-up ( 2 ) : 2001 , 2002
References
Multi-sport clubs in India
I-League clubs
Association football clubs established in 1906
Sport in Guwahati
Football clubs in Assam
1906 establishments in India
NSB Class 70 ( ) is a four-carriage electric multiple unit operated by Vy on medium distance trains around Oslo . They are operated on the Dovre Line between Oslo and Lillehammer / Dombås and on the Vestfold Line , operating the regional service between Lillehammer and Larvik / Skien .
History
During the late 1980s and early 1990s NSB decided to change their focus to what could become a competitive advantage . Focus on long-distance travel would be undercut , and instead focus on medium distance trains , particularly around Oslo . This led to the NSB InterCity Express concept being launched , based on fixed , hourly frequency with upgraded service in new electric multiple units , using higher speeds than traditional trains , and with stops only in the larger towns and cities . The service was to be launched on the Østfold Line , the Vestfold Line and the Dovre Line to Lillehammer . The service could take advantage of new lines between Ski and Moss , and the Gardermoen Line to Eidsvoll . Some of the departures served by Class 70s are very early morning `` red-eye '' services used by people with a long commute to Oslo . Therefore , there is a quiet section on the train where mobile phones and loud conversation are banned .
The invitation for the bid was issued on 1 October 1986 , and on 20 December 1988 NSB signed a contract with EB Strømmens Verksted concerning the delivery of nine new units . The first test runs were performed on 23 May 1992 on the Roa–Hønefoss Line . In 1992 , NSB ordered additional three units , to be delivered in time for the 1994 Winter Olympics . An additional four units were delivered in 1996 , making the grand total sixteen .
The trains have had a fair number of technical difficulties , and on the Vestfold Line they also were of an unsuitable size ; the ideal size needed was six cars , while the fixed construction required the use of either four or eight cars . From 2000-02 the trains were converted from the InterCity Express concept to the NSB Agenda concept , but also this latter branding attempt has been discontinued , and the services are now part of the regional services provided by NSB . With the delivery of the Class 73 , the Class 70 has been focused on the Skien–Lillehammer run , while the 73-units are used on the Østfold Line .
In 2010 , Class 70 became the first Norwegian trains to be installed with wireless Internet , allowing passengers free access on the Lillehammer–Oslo–Skien route .
Specifications
The units were built by Strømmen , with Duewag and ABB as suppliers . The chassis is built in aluminum , like the B7 passenger cars , and the units are capable of being multiple driven with the NSB Class 69 and other types of trains . The original seating was either 226 or 243 , rebuilt to 230 and 235 with the conversion to Agenda .
References
External links
Adtranz multiple units
Duewag multiple units
70
70
15 kV AC multiple units
Delta County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 31,196 . The county seat is Delta .
History
Delta County was created by the Colorado legislature on February 11 , 1883 , out of portions of central Gunnison County . The county was named from a delta of arable land at the mouth of the Uncompahgre River , where it flows into the Gunnison River .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Mesa County – northwest
Gunnison County – east
Montrose County – south
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 50
State Highway 65
State Highway 92
State Highway 133
State Highway 348
National protected areas
Dominguez Canyon Wilderness
Dominguez-Escalante National Conservation Area ( part )
Grand Mesa National Forest
Gunnison Gorge National Conservation Area ( part )
Gunnison Gorge Wilderness
Gunnison National Forest
State protected areas
Crawford State Park
Sweitzer Lake State Park
Trails and byways
American Discovery Trail
Crag Crest National Recreation Trail
Old Spanish National Historic Trail
Grand Mesa Scenic and Historic Byway
West Elk Loop Scenic Byway
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 27,834 people , 11,058 households , and 7,939 families living in the county . The population density was 24 people per square mile ( 9/km2 ) . There were 12,374 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile ( 4/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 92.29 % White , 0.52 % Black or African American , 0.76 % Native American , 0.32 % Asian , 0.03 % Pacific Islander , 4.25 % from other races , and 1.83 % from two or more races . 11.39 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 11,058 households 29.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 60.30 % were married couples living together , 7.90 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.20 % were non-families . 24.80 % of households were one person and 12.40 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.89 .
The age distribution was 24.00 % under the age of 18 , 6.30 % from 18 to 24 , 23.60 % from 25 to 44 , 26.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 19.70 % 65 or older . The median age was 42 years . For every 100 females there were 100.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.60 males .
The median household income was $ 32,785 and the median family income was $ 37,748 . Males had a median income of $ 31,348 versus $ 19,916 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,152 . About 8.50 % of families and 12.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 15.00 % of those under age 18 and 9.60 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
City
Delta
Towns
Cedaredge
Crawford
Hotchkiss
Orchard City
Paonia
Unincorporated communities
Austin
Cory
Eckert
Lazear
Politics
Delta County votes predominantly Republican in national , state , and local elections . No Democratic presidential candidate has reached forty percent of Delta County 's vote since Lyndon Johnson carried the county in 1964 , and since 1920 Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 is the only other Democrat to gain a majority , although Roosevelt did win a plurality against Alf Landon in 1936 .
Media
The local papers are the Delta County Independent and the Merchant Herald .
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delta County , Colorado
Delta County Libraries
Delta County Memorial Hospital
Notes
References
External links
Delta County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Delta Real Time Weather
Colorado counties
1883 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1883
Roaring Ridge ( ) is a long and outstanding spur that descends from the Watson Escarpment 3.5 nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of Mount Blackburn . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1960–64 . So named by New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition ( NZGSAE ) ( 1969–70 ) because two geologists worked and camped nearby , experiencing roaring gale-force winds rushing down the steep escarpment .
References
Ridges of Marie Byrd Land
Castano may refer to :
Castano Primo , a city and comune in Province of Milan , in the Italian region Lombardy
Daniel Castano , an American professional baseball pitcher
Ernesto Castano , an Italian former professional footballer
See also
Castana ( disambiguation )
Castaño ( disambiguation )
Castagno ( disambiguation )
The grey ground thrush ( Geokichla princei ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Cameroon , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Gabon , Ghana , Ivory Coast , Liberia , Sierra Leone , and Uganda . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
Geokichla
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of West Africa
Birds described in 1873
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Homecoming is a play by Harold Pinter .
The Homecoming may also refer to :
The Homecoming ( film ) , a 1973 film based on Pinter 's play
The Homecoming ( statue ) , an American statue honoring members of the sea services
The Homecoming , a 1989 play by August Wilson
`` The Homecoming '' , a 2011 short story by Mike Resnick
The Homecoming , a 1975 album by Hagood Hardy
`` The Homecoming '' , a song by Hagood Hardy from the album of the same name
The Homecoming ( novel ) by Andrew Pyper
In television :
The Homecoming ( TV series ) , a Singaporean Chinese-language drama
`` The Homecoming '' ( Star Trek : Deep Space Nine ) , an episode of Star Trek : Deep Space Nine
`` The Homecoming '' ( The O.C . ) , an episode of The O.C .
The Homecoming : A Christmas Story , a 1971 TV movie , the pilot for the series The Waltons
See also
Homecoming ( disambiguation )
Coming Home ( disambiguation )
IBC NewsBreak was the hourly news bulletin of Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation . Its first incarnation is from March 9 , 1992 to April 1 , 1994 , replacing Islands NewsBreak and was replaced by IBC Headliners and it returned from October 27 , 2014 to February 9 , 2018 , replacing IBC Headliners .
Airing history
after Islands TV-13 reverted to IBC , airing from Monday to Sunday . After three years of hiatus , IBC revived its hourly news bulletin on October 27 , 2014 using the original title . Initially , IBC Newsbreak airs only during the halftime and after PBA D-League broadcasts every Monday , Tuesday and Thursday at 9:00PM and 11:00PM , replacing the latenight edition of News Team 13 which was then-aired on Wednesday and Friday . A year later , IBC Newsbreak would become a permanent replacement to News Team 13 Latenight Edition and extends its broadcast from Monday to Friday .
Anchors
Final anchors
Vincent Santos
Greg Gregorio
Kathleen Forbes
Former anchors
Jess Caduco
Czarinah Lusuegro
See also
List of programs previously broadcast by Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation
News Team 13
Philippine television news shows
1990s Philippine television series
2010s Philippine television series
1992 Philippine television series debuts
1994 Philippine television series endings
2014 Philippine television series debuts
2018 Philippine television series endings
Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation news shows
IBC News and Public Affairs
Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation original programming
English-language television shows
Filipino-language television shows
Revelle Inlet ( ) is a broad , ice-filled inlet which recedes west some 15 nautical miles ( 28 km ) between Cape Agassiz and Cape Keeler , along the east coast of Palmer Land . The inlet lies in the area explored from the air by Sir Hubert Wilkins in 1928 and Lincoln Ellsworth in 1935 , but it was first charted by the United States Antarctic Service ( USAS ) in 1940 . It was resighted by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition ( RARE ) , 1947–48 , under Ronne , who named it for Roger Revelle , oceanographer at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography , who gave technical assistance during the fitting out of the Ronne expedition .
Inlets of Palmer Land
Jeevithayaathra is a 1965 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by K. P. Kottarakkara . The film stars Prem Nazir , Madhu , Sheela , Ambika , Sukumari and Adoor Bhasi . The film had musical score by P. S. Divakar .
Cast
Prem Nazir as Venu/Minnal Ramu
Madhu as Rajan
Sheela as Radha
Ambika as Lakshmi
Sukumari as Vasanthy
Adoor Bhasi as Madhavan
Bahadoor as Kochappan
S. P. Pillai as Ring master
Kunchan
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Parameshwara Kurup/Venu 's father
Sobha as Meena
Friend Ramaswamy as Menon
Prathapachandran as Registrar
Pattom Sadan ( Uncredited )
Kottayam Chellappan as Police Inspector
M.G Menon
R. Viswanathan
Baby Rajani
Soundtrack
The music was composed by P. S. Divakar and the lyrics were written by Abhayadev and P. Bhaskaran .
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
The Wright Brothers is a 2015 non-fiction book written by the popular historian David McCullough and published by Simon & Schuster . It is a history of the American inventors and aviation pioneers Orville and Wilbur Wright . The book was on The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers list for seven weeks in 2015 .
Production
McCullough first became interested in writing a book on the Wright brothers while researching for their book The Greater Journey , which explored the history of various notable Americans who lived in Paris during the 19th century . In an interview with The Seattle Times , McCullough recalled , `` I did n't know when ( chronologically ) I was going to end that book , and who do I run into in France but the Wright brothers . '' They continued , `` I was delighted to find that Wilbur , at every chance , went to the Louvre to look at paintings , and the degree that they were moved by the great Gothic works of France was far beyond that of an ordinary tourist . [ ... ] Much of what has been written about the Wright brothers ( in French ) has been ignored . That 's what pulled me into doing the book . ''
McCullough has had a lifelong interest in aviation . In an interview with the Santa Barbara Independent , they remarked , `` I loved to make model airplanes when I was a young boy and I took flying lessons later on ; I would have continued if they were n't so expensive . But I have to say in all candor that I knew very little about [ the Wright brothers ] . I knew they were from Ohio , I knew they were bicycles mechanics , and I knew they invented the airplane . But I really did n't know anything beyond that of any substance ... '' They added , `` Once I got into their lives and into all that they went through and the truly admirable human qualities that they personified , I would have wanted to write the book even if they had n't succeeded in inventing the flying machine . ''
Reception
The Wright Brothers has been praised by literary critics and historians . Janet Maslin of The New York Times described it as a `` concise , exciting and fact-packed book [ that ] sees the easy segue between bicycling and aerial locomotion , which at that point was mostly a topic for bird fanciers and dreamers . '' They added , `` Mr. McCullough presents all this with dignified panache , and with detail so granular you may wonder how it was all collected . '' In The New York Review of Books , the novelist James Salter wrote , `` Having twice won both the National Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize for their best-selling histories and biographies , McCullough is a much-loved dean of Americana , and their new book , a dual biography , has a warm appeal . '' Writing in The Washington Post , Reeve Lindbergh , daughter of the famed aviator Charles Lindbergh , called The Wright Brothers a `` superb new book '' and wrote , `` McCullough 's magical account of their early adventures — enhanced by volumes of family correspondence , written records , and their own deep understanding of the country and the era — shows as never before how two Ohio boys from a remarkable family taught the world to fly . '' Bruce Watson of the San Francisco Chronicle observed , `` The Wright Brothers will do more than help Americans tell Orville from Wilbur . Fighting the persistent myth of invention 's 'aha ' moment , McCullough shows the importance of experiment , error and inspiration in nature . Although they studied early gliders , Orville and Wilbur also watched birds . 'Learning the secret of flight from a bird , ' Orville said , 'is a good deal like learning the secret of magic from a magician . ' Likewise , to learn history from a master storyteller is to relive the past . ''
Bob Hoover of the Star Tribune was slightly more critical of the work , remarking , `` Although this new biography , The Wright Brothers , refreshes their often-told story in McCullough 's upbeat , minutely researched manner , something 's lacking — interesting characters . While the brothers accomplished their goal of powered flight , they missed out on the stuff that makes life interesting — relationships , children , hobbies , fun and , most of all , self-reflection . '' They concluded , `` Despite their old-fashioned manners and plain style , the Wright brothers were reticent and difficult people , traits that McCullough seemed unwilling to explore in their search for the virtues and strengths they value so much in American life . '' Buzzy Jackson of The Boston Globe similarly described it as `` a tidy and relatively short history '' of the Wright brothers and praised the author 's attention to detail , despite noting , `` While there is much to like here , McCullough 's gee-whiz attitude toward America 's favorite flying Boy Scouts does feel a bit retro . ''
References
External links
C-SPAN Q & A interview with McCullough on The Wright Brothers , May 31 , 2015
Books by David McCullough
2015 non-fiction books
Wright brothers
American history books
History of aviation
Simon & Schuster books
The FAST protocol ( FIX Adapted for STreaming ) is a technology standard developed by FIX Protocol Ltd. , specifically aimed at optimizing data representation on the network . It is used to support high-throughput , low latency data communications between financial institutions .
In particular , it is a technology standard that offers significant compression capabilities for the transport of high-volume market data feeds and ultra low latency applications .
History
Timeline
2004 Market Data optimization Working Group ( “ mdowg ” ) was formed
2005 Proof of Concept ( “ POC ” ) project
2006 FAST 1.0 released
2007 FAST 1.1 released
2009 FAST 1.2 proposed
In November 2004 , Mike Cormack ( then CEO Archipelago Holding ) spoke at the FPL ( FIX Protocol Ltd ) conference in New York regarding a call for action to meet the challenges of the increased market data volumes . The increasing volumes of market data were causing delays , preventing market data from reaching traders in a timely fashion , thus disrupting their ability to trade . The classic FIX tag value format was considered to be too verbose and had a high processing overhead . A working group was formed within FPL shortly after the conference .
Current version of FAST
The approved standard is currently at version 5.0 , and is used in commercially available products . There are Open Source implementations of the Protocol available .
Exchanges that have adopted FAST
NYSE Archipelago
CME Group ( CME )
International Securities Exchange ( ISE )
NasdaqOMX
Eurex
Xetra
Bombay Stock Exchange ( BSE Ltd , India )
BATS
ICAP
OPRA
B3
Nordic Growth Market ( NGM )
Moscow Exchange ( MOEX )
Shanghai Stock Exchange ( SSE , China )
Open source implementations
Source code for implementations of the FAST Specification are available from the following sources :
See also
Simple Binary Encoding is considered to be the successor to the FAST protocol
List of electronic trading protocols
References
External links
FAST protocol 's official homepage and list of proof of concept sponsors .
Internet Protocol based network software
DJ-Kicks : Kruder & Dorfmeister is a DJ mix album , mixed by Kruder & Dorfmeister . It was released on 19 August 1996 on the Studio ! K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series .
Track listing
The Herbaliser - A Mother
Small World - Livin ' Free
Tango - Spellbound
The Lab Rats - Give My Soul
Statik Sound System - Revolutionary Pilot
JMJ & Flytronix - In Too Deep
Aquasky - Kauna
James Bong - Never Say ?
Hardfloor pres . Dadamnphreaknoizphunk ? - Dubdope
Thievery Corporation - Shaolin Satellite
Kruder & Dorfmeister - High Noon
Beanfield - Keep On Believing
Sapien - Que Dolor
Shantel - Bass and Several Cars
Karma - Look Up Dere
Showroom Recordings - Radio Burning Chrome
Kruder & Dorfmeister - Black Baby ( DJ-Kicks )
Sales
References
Official Website
DJ-Kicks website
Kruder and Dorfmeister
Kruder & Dorfmeister albums
1996 compilation albums
Super 2000 is an FIA powertrain specification used in the World Rally Championship , the British Touring Car Championship , the World Touring Car Championship , and other touring car championships . The engines were originally 2 L naturally aspirated , and later being also allowed 1.6 L turbocharged units producing approximately 280 bhp .
The goal of the Super 2000 classification is to allow more manufacturers and privateers to race by reducing the cost of a competitive car .
In order to cut costs and shorten development time , the Super 2000 rally cars originally used a common control gearbox and drivetrain made by a French company , Sadev . The FIA has since announced that Xtrac and Ricardo Consulting Engineers will be allowed to also manufacture S2000 gearboxes to FIA specification . This is to further cut costs by introducing competition into gearbox supply .
These new rules allowed Ford to build from scratch their S2000 Fiesta vehicles in Australia , in as little as 14 weeks , starting out with a Super 1600 chassis and rollcage .
Specifications
Until 2011 , FIA specifications for Super 2000 cars were as follows :
Derived from production model , of which at least 2500 have been produced in the past year
Maximum of 2 litres ( 2000 cc ) displacement
8500 rpm maximum
All-wheel drive is permitted in rally cars , but not in touring cars .
6-speed sequential gearbox ( Control specification ) , or 5-speed MT gearbox retaining original gear ratios .
Front and rear MacPherson suspension
No electronic driver aids
In 2011 the specifications were revised , allowing 1600 cc turbocharged engines , and the use of 2000 cc normally-aspirated engines rapidly stopped as a result . These 1600 cc turbo engines fully replaced the 2 litre engines .
For the 2014 WTCC season , the TC1 regulations were introduced for touring cars . For the engine this included a larger air intake restrictor allowing power outputs of 380 bhp and more .
For the 2017 WRC season , the engine intake restrictor diameter for rally cars was increased to 36 mm , allowing power output to rise to 380 bhp .
Models
Rally cars
New regulations for the FIA World Rally Car were introduced in 2011 . WRC cars would use the Super 2000 specification , and be powered by a 1600 cc turbo engine instead of the 2000 cc used previously . The WRC car would thus be based on the current 2011 model Super 2000 cars fitted with a supplementary kit for rallying . The kit must be able to be fitted or removed within a defined time limit .
Notes :
Touring cars
The following cars were built under the TC1 ( 2014–2017 ) regulations :
Chevrolet RML Cruze TC1
Citroën C-Élysée
Honda Civic WTCC
Lada Granta WTCC
Lada Vesta WTCC
Volvo S60 Polestar TC1
The following cars were built under the TC2 Turbo ( 2011–2013 ) regulations :
BMW 320 TC
Chevrolet Cruze 1.6T
Ford Focus S2000 TC
Honda Civic WTCC
Lada Granta WTCC
SEAT León WTCC
Volvo C30 Drive
Series
Super 2000 spec cars have run in :
Rally Competitions :
World Rally Championship ( as specification of World Rally Car )
World Rally Championship-2 ( formerly Super 2000 World Rally Championship or S-WRC )
European Rally Championship ( including the former Intercontinental Rally Challenge )
Asia-Pacific Rally Championship
Australian Rally Championship
Italian Rally Championship
Codasur South American Rally Championship
South African Rally Championship
Touring Car competitions :
World Touring Car Championship ( 2005-2014 )
European Touring Car Cup ( 2002-2017 )
ADAC Procar Series ( 2005-2014 )
Swedish Touring Car Championship ( 2003-2012 )
Dominican Touring Series
Russian Touring Car Championship
Asian Touring Car Series
South Africa was the first country in the world to run Super 2000 cars in rallying . Toyota South Africa and Volkswagen South Africa each built 2 cars to compete in the South African Rally Championship in 2005 .
See also
Diesel 2000 , the related category for diesel powered touring cars
Super 1600 , a rally car formula that is primarily used in the Junior World Rally Championship
Super 2000 World Rally Championship , a companion rally series to the World Rally Championship
References
Touring car racing
World Rally Championship
Rally groups
Racing car classes
Theagenes ( , floruit 470s–480s ) was an Athenian politician .
Biography
A native of Athens , Theagenes belonged to a wealthy and aristocratic family that claimed descent from Miltiades and Plato . They had a wife , Asclepideneia , who was the great-granddaughter of the Neoplatonic philosopher Plutarch of Athens . They also had a son called Hegias .
They were a Roman senator , a patricius and an archon . They were a supporter of the Neoplatonic school of Proclus . After Proclus ' death however , Theagenes came into conflict with the school 's principals , as they used its patronage to increase their own prestige . They were a supporter of Pamprepius when the poet went to Athens , but later they fell out ( Theagenes styled themselves a philosopher , while Pamprepius ' ambition was to become the best philosopher ) and Pamprepius was forced to leave the city .
A panegyric dedicated to Theagenes , probably written by Pamprepius , exists .
Notes
Patricii
5th-century Byzantine people
Byzantine Athenians
The Rinner Trough ( ) is an undersea trough in the Weddell Sea named for Karl Rinner ( 1921–1991 ) , an Austrian geodisist and founder of the journal Marine Geodesy . The name was proposed by Heinrich Hinze at the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research , Bremerhaven , Germany . The name was approved by the Advisory Committee on Undersea Features in June 1997 .
Oceanic basins of the Southern Ocean
Anthony Buttigieg ( born 1962 ) is a Maltese politician , doctor and a former leader of the Democratic Party .
Early life
Anthony Buttigieg was born in Malta in 1962 . They spent their childhood in England . They graduated in medicine from the University of Malta in 1987 . They spent several years working at St. Luke 's Hospital in the emergency department before moving to St. James Hospital where they worked as a senior medical officer . In 1999 Buttigieg led a medical mission to Albania during the Kosovo War . They are a founding member of the Democratic Party becoming a deputy leader upon its formation , and later a leader up till now .
Hobbies
In their free time , Buttigieg enjoys painting and reading – a hobby which accrued them a library of some 2000 books . They also love nature and growing vegetables in their own home garden patch .
Political career
As deputy leader of Partit Demokratiku , Dr. Buttigieg made clear they were against the `` us vs them '' mentality of Maltese tribal politics .
Anthony Buttigieg was appointed leader of the Democratic Party on 1 November 2017 . They stated that fighting corruption would be a main priority , along with fighting for the environment .
Upon assuming the leadership , they explained in an interview that they wanted the Democratic Party to be a band of concerned citizens , and for Maltese politics to move beyond partisan cults of personality .
They led a delegation of the Democratic Party to Amsterdam , to participate in the congress of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party . The Democratic Party then acceded to ALDE .
Dr. Buttigieg spoke out against the government 's economic model , making the rich richer and failing to distribute wealth beyond cronyism .
They wrote to the EU Commissioner for Competition , Margrethe Vestager , to investigate ENEMED 's 'fuel supply monopoly ' .
Along with deputy leader Timothy Alden they met with representatives of Maltese NGOs , including Din l-Art Ħelwa and Flimkien għal Ambjent Aħjar to pledge support to the Wirtna declaration .
When the rule of law delegation came to visit Malta , they led a Democratic Party delegation to meet them . In the meeting , the Party said that clientelism in Malta was a major problem , and the Vitals Global Healthcare deal was discussed .
They have also argued for a more inclusive national identity .
Deciding to prioritise the upcoming European Parliament election , 2019 , while balancing their other personal responsibilities , and believing it to be in the interests of the Democratic Party , Dr. Buttigieg announced that they would be stepping down from the leadership .
References
Living people
Leaders of political parties in Malta
Democratic Party ( Malta ) politicians
1962 births
21st-century Maltese politicians
Boettcher cells are a special cell type located in the inner ear .
Boettcher cells are polyhedral cells on the basilar membrane of the cochlea , and are located beneath Claudius cells . Boettcher cells are considered supporting cells for the organ of Corti , and are present only in the lower turn of the cochlea . These cells interweave with each other , and project microvilli into the intercellular space .
Because of their structural specialization , Boettcher cells are believed to play a significant role in the function of the cochlea . They demonstrate high levels of calmodulin , and may be involved in mediating Ca2+ regulation and ion transport . Boettcher cells are named after German pathologist Arthur Boettcher ( 1831-1889 ) .
Nitric oxide synthase is detected abundantly in the cytoplasm of their interdigitations . Their ultrastructure suggests that they perform both secretory and absorptive functions . Panx1 expression has been observed .
References
Ear
Auditory system
Human cells
nl : Haarcel
Carolina Andrea de Moras Alvarado ( born 24 February 1981 in Osorno ) is a Chilean model , actor and television presenter of French origin .
Cinema
Television
TV shows
Series and unitary
Specials
References
External links
1981 births
People from Osorno , Chile
Chilean people of French descent
Chilean people of Italian descent
Chilean people of Spanish descent
Living people
Chilean female models
Chilean film actores
Chilean television actores
Chilean television presenters
Chilean women television presenters
Chilean television personalities
PyDev is a third-party plug-in for Eclipse . It is an Integrated Development Environment ( IDE ) used for programming in Python supporting code refactoring , graphical debugging , code analysis among other features .
History
PyDev was originally created by Aleks Totic in July 2003 , but Fabio Zadrozny became the project 's main developer in January 2005 . In September of that same year , PyDev Extensions was started as a commercial counterpart of PyDev , offering features such as code analysis and remote debugging .
In July 2008 , Aptana acquired PyDev , retaining Zadrozny as the project head . They open sourced PyDev Extensions in September 2009 , and merged it with PyDev .
When Appcelerator acquired Aptana in January 2011 , they acquired PyDev by extension . Zadrozny was kept as head of the project . Since then , development of PyDev has accelerated .
In March 2011 , PyDev 2.0 was released with TDD actions support , and in April of the following year , version 2.5 was released with Django support . May 2013 saw a major milestone as PyDev raised more than its target in a successful crowd sourcing round to continue development , and version 2.7.5 was released . The campaign also funded Zadrozny 's creation of LiClipse , a paid closed source fork of Eclipse which bundles PyDev by default .
PyDev received improvements to type inference and a notable increase in contributions to code base when version 2.8 was released in July 2013 . Since then , numerous additional improvements have been made to PyDev and it has gained many positive reviews .
Version 5.4.0 was released on November 30 , 2016 . The main new feature of this release is support for Python 3.6 .
Features
Below there are some of the features available ( version 2.7.5 ) :
CPython , Jython and IronPython support
Code completion
Code completion with auto-import
Code analysis ( with quick-fix for problems found in code analysis—Ctrl+1 )
Debugger
Django
Remote Debugger ( allows debugging scripts not launched from within Eclipse )
Debug console ( allows interactive probing in suspended mode )
Interactive console
Python 2.x and 3.x syntax
Basic syntax highlighting
Parser errors
Outline view
Tabs or spaces preferences
Smart indent / dedent
Comment / uncomment / comment blocks
Code folding
Go to definition
Code coverage
Mark occurrences
Pylint integration
TODO tasks
Content Assistants ( Ctrl+1 )
Assign result to attribute or local
Surround code with try .. catch / finally
Create docstring
Move import to global scope
Keywords presented as auto-completions as you type
Quick-outline
PyDev extensions
Until September 2009 , two versions of PyDev existed : an open-source version , and a shareware version called PyDev Extensions . Certain advanced features such as code analysis , quick-fixes , and remote debugging were reserved for the non-free version . On September 3 , 2009 , Aptana announced PyDev version 1.5 , a combined version of PyDev and PyDev Extensions , all available under the Eclipse Public License .
See also
Eclipse
Comparison of Python integrated development environments
Komodo Edit
PyCharm
References
External links
Eclipse software
Free computer libraries
Free integrated development environments
Free integrated development environments for Python
Python ( programming language ) development tools
The 2007 New Zealand Open Grand Prix ( officially known as the KLRC New Zealand Open 2007 for sponsorship reasons ) was a badminton tournament which took place in Auckland , New Zealand from 14 to 20 May 2007 . It had a total purse of $ 50,000 .
Tournament
The 2007 New Zealand Open Grand Prix was the second tournament of the 2007 BWF Grand Prix Gold and Grand Prix and also part of the New Zealand Open championships which has been held since 1990 . This tournament was organized by the Badminton New Zealand and sanctioned by the BWF .
Venue
This international tournament was held at Auckland Badminton Hall in Auckland , New Zealand .
Point distribution
Below is the point distribution for each phase of the tournament based on the BWF points system for the BWF Grand Prix event .
Prize money
The total prize money for this tournament was US $ 50,000 . Distribution of prize money was in accordance with BWF regulations .
Men 's singles
Seeds
Andrew Smith ( Quarter-finals )
Lee Tsuen Seng ( Semi-finals )
Sairul Amar Ayob ( Third Round )
Roslin Hashim ( Quarter-finals )
Chan Yan Kit ( Quarter-finals )
John Moody ( Second Round )
Ng Wei ( Third Round )
Yeoh Kay Bin ( Semi-finals )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women 's singles
Seeds
Pi Hongyan ( Semi-finals )
Yip Pui Yin ( Semi-finals )
Huang Chia-chi ( Withdrew )
Chie Umezu ( Final )
Tracey Hallam ( Quarter-finals )
Rachel Hindley ( Third Round )
Sutheaswari Mudukasan ( Second Round )
Kanako Yonekura ( Second Round )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Men 's doubles
Seeds
Albertus Susanto Njoto / Yohan Hadikusumo Wiratama ( Final )
Aji Basuki Sindoro / Ashley Brehaut ( Second Round )
Svetoslav Stoyanov / Mihail Popov ( Second Round )
Glenn Warfe / Ross Smith ( Second Round )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women 's doubles
Seeds
Lim Pek Siah / Joanne Quay ( Second Round )
Élodie Eymard / Weny Rahmawati ( Quarter-finals )
Vanessa Neo / Shinta Mulia Sari ( Second Round )
Suzanne Rayappan / Jenny Wallwork ( Withdrew )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Mixed doubles
Seeds
Daniel Shirley / Joanne Quay ( Second Round )
Svetoslav Stoyanov / Élodie Eymard ( Semi-finals )
Ross Smith / Tania Luiz ( Second Round )
Glenn Warfe / Susan Dobson ( Quarter-finals )
Tanama Putra Alroy / Chau Hoi Wah ( Semi-finals )
Devin Lahardi Fitriawan / Lita Nurlita ( Champions )
Anggun Nugroho / Nitya Krishinda Maheswari ( Final )
Benjamin Walklate / Erin Carroll ( Quarter-finals )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Tournament Link
New Zealand Open ( badminton )
New Zealand Open Grand Prix
New Zealand Open Grand Prix
New Zealand Open
Trinidad is an impact crater on Mars . It lies southeast of Tyrrhenus Mons on Hesperia Planum .
It was named by the IAU in 1991 after the town of Trinidad in Peru .
References
Impact craters on Mars
Euchrysops mauensis , the Mau blue , is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in Ethiopia , Kenya , Tanzania , Rwanda , Burundi and Kivu in the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The habitat consists of open grassland .
Subspecies
Euchrysops mauensis mauensis ( Kenya : highlands west of the Rift Valley , northern Tanzania , Rwanda , Burundi , Democratic Republic of the Congo : Kivu )
Euchrysops mauensis abyssiniae Storace , 1950 ( Ethiopia )
References
Butterflies described in 1923
Euchrysops
Dystasia semicana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1864 .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1864
Wakana Koga ( born 28 June 2001 ) is a Japanese judoka . They won the silver medal in the women 's 48 kg event at the 2021 World Judo Championships held in Budapest , Hungary . In the final , they lost against Natsumi Tsunoda .
They won one of the bronze medals in their event at the 2022 Judo Grand Slam Paris held in Paris , France .
References
External links
Living people
2001 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Japanese female judoka
21st-century Japanese women
The yellow-tufted woodpecker ( Melanerpes cruentatus ) is a species of woodpecker . It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest .
Taxonomy
The yellow-tufted woodpecker was described by the French polymath Georges-Louis Leclerc , Comte de Buffon in 1780 in their Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux from a specimen collected in Cayenne , French Guiana . The bird was also illustrated in a hand-coloured plate engraved by François-Nicolas Martinet in the Planches Enluminées D'Histoire Naturelle which was produced under the supervision of Edme-Louis Daubenton to accompany Buffon 's text . Neither the plate caption nor Buffon 's description included a scientific name but in 1783 the Dutch naturalist Pieter Boddaert coined the binomial name Picus cruentatus in their catalogue of the Planches Enluminées . The yellow-tufted woodpecker is now placed in the genus Melanerpes that was introduced by the English ornithologist William John Swainson in 1832 . The species is monotypic . The generic name combines the Ancient Greek melas meaning `` black '' with herpēs meaning `` creeper '' . The specific epithet cruentatus is Latin for `` blood-stained '' .
Description
An adult is about long . The upper parts are mostly bluish-black , as are the cheeks , chin , throat and chest . The breast and belly are red , although the amount of red is variable , and the flanks and lower belly have black and white undulating barring . The rump and upper tail-coverts are white , this being noticeable in flight , and the tail is black . The underside of the wing is barred in black and white . The beak is blackish , the legs grey , and the iris and orbital ring are yellow . The male differs from the female in having a red fore- and mid-crown while the female has these parts black . In northern and western races , the brow is yellow , cream or buff , and the hind-crown ha yellow or golden feathers , these often being tufted , but in southern races , these areas are black . Juveniles are similar to the adults but the upper parts are browner and the underparts are greyer ; juveniles of both sexes have some red on the crown and the belly are more orange than red .
Distribution and habitat
The yellow-tufted woodpecker is native to northern South America . Its range includes eastern Colombia , western and southern Venezuela , the Guianas , northern and central Brazil , eastern Ecuador , eastern Peru and eastern Bolivia . Its altitudinal range is from sea level to about , and even higher in Ecuador . It is a species of open humid forest , both varzea and terra firme forest , and is also found in secondary forest , woodland verges and burnt out areas with isolated standing trees . It is a non-migratory species .
Behaviour and ecology
The species is social and gregarious and often forages in groups . Its diet is omnivorous , consisting principally of insects , some of which are caught on the wing , and fruits .
Status
With the destruction of the Amazon rainforest , the habitat of this woodpecker is being degraded and the population is thought to be in gradual decline . However , it is a common bird with a very wide range , and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
yellow-tufted woodpecker
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
yellow-tufted woodpecker
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Saints Severinus , Exuperius , and Felician were martyrs put to death under Emperor Marcus Aurelius at Vienne , Gaul .
References
Gallo-Roman saints
2nd-century Christian martyrs
170 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Groups of Christian martyrs of the Roman era
Victory Glacier ( ) is a gently sloping glacier , 8 nautical miles ( 15 km ) long , flowing east-southeast from the north end of Detroit Plateau on Trinity Peninsula to Prince Gustav Channel immediately north of Pitt Point . Bounded by Trakiya Heights to the north and Kondofrey Heights to the south . It was surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) , and so named because the glacier was sighted in the week following the surrender of Japan in World War II , in August 1945 .
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Map
Trinity Peninsula . Scale 1:250000 topographic map No . 5697 . Institut für Angewandte Geodäsie and British Antarctic Survey , 1996 .
References
External links
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Glaciers of Trinity Peninsula
Ladislav Olejník ( 8 May 1932 – 9 June 2022 ) was a Czech ice hockey player who also coached in Germany . They played for and Rudá hvězda Brno from 1950 to 1967 and was a coach in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga from 1968 to 2005 .
References
1932 births
2022 deaths
Czechoslovak ice hockey defencemen
Czechoslovak ice hockey coaches
Czech ice hockey coaches
Czechoslovak emigrants to Germany
HC Kometa Brno players
Sportspeople from Brno
Czech ice hockey defencemen
Germany men 's national ice hockey team coaches
Thomas Northmore ( 1766–1851 ) was an English writer , inventor and geologist .
Origins
They were born at Cleve in the parish of St Thomas , Exeter , in Devon , the eldest son of Thomas Northmore of Cleve , by their wife Elizabeth Osgood , daughter and heiress of Richard Osgood of Fulham .
Career
They were educated at Blundell 's School in Tiverton , Devon and at Emmanuel College , Cambridge , where they graduated B.A . in 1789 , and M.A . in 1792 . On 19 May 1791 they were elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries . They retired to cultivate their paternal estate , where they lived for the rest of their life , spending time on mechanics , literature , and politics . They contested Exeter in June 1818 as a Radical , when they only polled 293 votes . They also unsuccessfully contested Barnstaple . They discovered about 1824 the bones in Kents Cavern at Torquay . They found beneath the bed of mud which lies under the stalagmitic flooring of the cavern the tusk of a hyæna , and then a metatarsal bone of the cavern bear . These finds proved important to later work on the antiquity of the human race . A much more thorough dig was undertaken by William Pengelly and the British Association .
Marriages and children
They married twice :
Firstly to Penelope Welby , the eldest daughter of Sir William Earle Welby , 1st Baronet ( –1815 ) of Denton Hall , Lincolnshire , by whom they had one son :
Thomas Welby Northmore , who predeceased their father , having married their cousin Katherine Welby ( d.1869 ) , third daughter of Sir William Earle Welby , 2nd Baronet ( 1768-1852 ) , by whom they had two sons :
Thomas Welby Northmore , who succeeded their grandfather in the paternal estates ;
John Northmore , a civil servant in Ceylon .
Secondly they married Emmeline Eden , fifth daughter of Sir John Eden , 4th Baronet ( 1740–1812 ) of Windlestone Park and Beamish Park , Durham , by whom they had one son and nine daughters .
Death
They died at Furzebrook House , near Axminster , on 20 May 1851 .
Works
Theirs works include :
Tryphiodōrou Iliou Alōsis . De plurimis mendis purgata , et notis illustrata a T. Northmore ( Greek ) , London , 1791 ; reissued with a Latin version in 1804 .
Plutarch 's Treatise upon the Distinction between a Friend and Flatterer , with Remarks , London , 1793 .
Memoirs of Planetes , or a Sketch of the Laws and Manners of Makar . By Phileleutherus Devoniensis , London , 1795 . In this work a utopian form of government is described .
A Triplet of Inventions , consisting of a Description of a Nocturnal or Diurnal Telegraph , a Proposal for an Universal Character , and a Scheme for facilitating the Progress of Science ; exemplified in the Osteological part of Anatomy , Exeter , 1796 .
A Quadruplet of Invention , Exeter , 1796 ; an augmented edition of the ‘ Triplet . '
An edition of Thomas Gray 's Tour through England and Wales [ 1799 ] .
Of Education founded upon Principles . Part the First . Time : previous to the Age of puberty , London , 1800 .
Washington ; or Liberty restored : a Poem in ten Books , London , 1809 ; Baltimore , 1809 ; notice in ‘ Quarterly Review , ' ii . 365–75 .
In Nicholson 's Journal they wrote on Effects on Gases by change in their Habitudes , or elective Attractions , when mechanically compressed , 1805 ( vol . xii . p. 368 ) , and on Experiments on condensed Gases , 1806 ( vol . xiii . p. 233 ) .
References
Attribution
External links
1766 births
1851 deaths
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Established in 1990 , the Ministry of Justice of Namibia provides court representation to ministries , offices , agencies , the master of the High Court , the speaker of the National Assembly , the prosecutor-general , magistrates , the Motor Vehicle Accident Fund , regional councils , recognized traditional authorities , and entities associated with the government administration . In 1995 , the Ministry of Justice merged with the Attorney General 's Office .
Ministers
Ngarikutuke Tjiriange ( 1990-2003 )
Albert Kawana ( 2003-2004 )
Pendukeni Iivula-Ithana ( 2005-2012 )
Utoni Nujoma ( 2012-2015 )
Albert Kawana ( 2015-2018 )
Sacky Shanghala ( 2018-2020 )
Yvonne Dausab ( 2020-present )
See also
Attorney General of Namibia
Politics of Namibia
References
Justice ministries
Government of Namibia
1990 establishments in Namibia
James Blanchard is a Canadian physician who is Professor of Community Health Science at the University of Manitoba and a Canada Research Chair in Epidemiology and Global Public Health .
Blanchard has done research and public health program development related to HIV/AIDS in India and other south Asian countries . Between 2001 and 2007 they were based in Bangalore , India , helping to establish and lead the University 's extensive program of HIV research and public health programming . In addition to their research and program leadership , Blanchard has provided technical advice for national and international organizations , including the national AIDS control programs for India , Pakistan and Sri Lanka and the World Bank .
Blanchard has also worked with a diverse group of researchers in Manitoba to better understand the extent , distribution and causes of inflammatory bowel disease .
Education
After receiving their M.D . from the University of Manitoba in 1986 and completing an internship with the Manitoba Teaching Hospitals , Blanchard worked as a general practitioner for the University of Manitoba 's Northern Medical Unit in Fisher Branch , Manitoba for two years .
Blanchard then pursued education in epidemiology and public health at the Johns Hopkins University School of Hygiene and Public Health receiving their Masters in Public Health in 1990 and their Ph.D. in Epidemiology in 1997 .
Career
Blanchard is a Professor in the Departments of Community Health Sciences and Medical Microbiology and Director of the University of Manitoba 's Centre for Global Public Health . They received their Tier 2 Canada Research Chair in Epidemiology and Global Public Health in 2004 . During their academic career they have received numerous awards , including the Frederick G. Banting Award from the Canadian Diabetes Association and the 2006 Rh Award for Health Sciences at the University of Manitoba from the Winnipeg Rh Institute Foundation .
References
Canadian public health doctors
Living people
Canada Research Chairs
University of Manitoba faculty
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Diplogasteroididae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Diplogasterida .
Genera :
Dirhabdilaimus
References
Nematodes
The Waldheim station is a former railway station in Waldheim , Saskatchewan . It was built by the Canadian Northern Railway . The -storey , stucco-clad , wood-frame building was built as a third class station , with the waiting , ticketing and cargo area on the main floor and the private living area for the station agent split between the main and second floor . The building served as a railway station from 1912 until 1976 ; it is now used as a library and museum . The building was designated a Municipal Heritage Property in 1983 .
References
Canadian National Railway stations in Saskatchewan
Canadian Northern Railway stations in Saskatchewan
Railway stations closed in 1976
Railway stations in Canada opened in 1912
Disused railway stations in Canada
1912 establishments in Saskatchewan
Laird No . 404 , Saskatchewan
Vicars Island is a small ice-covered island about off the coast of Enderby Land . It was discovered on 12 January 1930 by the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition ( BANZARE ) under Mawson . They named it after an Australian textile company which presented the expedition with cloth for uniforms .
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of Enderby Land
Ihuarulam Uche ( born 19 June 1996 ) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Nigerian Professional Football League club Sunshine Stars F.C .
Club career
In Nigeria
Ihuarulam started their professional career at Bayelsa United F.C . They played two seasons , before moving to Lobi Stars in July 2014 . Uche joined Abia Warriors in 2015 .
In Egypt
Three years at Abia Warriors , on 1 January 2018 , Uche joined Egyptian club El Dakhleya on one-year contract .
Ghazl El Mahalla
In July 2018 , Uche joined Egyptian Premier League club Ghazl El Mahalla .
Ifeanyi Ubah FC
Ihuarulam penned a one-year deal with Ifeanyi Ubah F.C . from El Mahalla in February 2019 .
Sunshine
After a successful spell with Ifeanyi Ubah F.C. , Ihuarulam joined Sunshine Stars F.C . in 2020 .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Nigerian footballers
Association football forwards
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Egypt
El Dakhleya SC players
Ghazl El Mahalla SC players
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Egypt
Egyptian Premier League players
Ifeanyi Ubah F.C . players
Sunshine Stars F.C . players
Nigeria Professional Football League players
Abia Warriors F.C . players
Melipotis euryphaea is a species of moth in the family Erebidae . It is found in Belize .
References
Moths described in 1926
Melipotis
Yamako ( variants : Yamagatock ; Yumagatock ) is a former Maidu village in Nevada County , California , that was located east of Nevada City .
References
Former settlements in Nevada County , California
Former populated places in California
Maidu villages
Coimbatore is the second largest city in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu . It is situated in the western corner of Tamil Nadu , a short distance from the border with the neighbouring state of Kerala , and is surrounded by the Western Ghats on all sides .
Location
Coimbatore is located at . The city is at a distance of south-west of Chennai , south of Mysore , south of Bangalore . The border with Kerala is just from Coimbatore .
Physical features
It is surrounded by the Western Ghats mountain range on the West and North , with reserve forests and the ( Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve ) on the northern side . The Noyyal River runs through Coimbatore and forms the southern boundary of the corporation . The city sits amidst Noyyal 's basin area and has an extensive tank system fed by the river and rainwater . The eight major tanks / wetland areas of Coimbatore are Singanallur , Valankulam , Ukkadam Periyakulam , Selvampathy , Narasampathi , Krishnampathi , Selvachinthamani and Kumaraswami tanks . Sanganur pallam , Kovilmedu pallam , Vilankurichi-Singanallur Pallam , Karperayan Koil pallam , Railway feeder roadside drain , Trichy-Singanallur Check drain and Sanganoor pallam are some of the streams that drain the city .
Kousika River starts from Kurudi Hill in Coimbatore . Bhavani River ( approx . 20 km ) and Noyyal River run north and south of Kousika River .
The eastern side of the Coimbatore district , including the city , is predominantly dry . A western pass to Kerala , popularly referred to as the Palghat Gap , provides its boundary .
Coimbatore Forest Division
Coimbatore district is richly endowed with hills , forests , rivers and wildlife . The Western Ghats of the district are the home of rivers such as Bhavani , Noyyal River , Aliyar , Siruvani which provide the drinking water and irrigation water for the people and farmers of Coimbatore . The forests of Coimbatore district spread over an area of 693.48 km2 against district area of 7433.72 km2 . The forests are responsible for the cool weather , the green landscape and clean air of the district . The forest tract falls between 10°37 ' and 11°31 ' North latitudes and 76°39 ' and 77°5 ' East longitudes . The greater part of the Coimbatore forest division is situated in southward extending Western Gnats , with the North-western parts forming the lower Ranges of the Nilgiris . The Coimbatore forest division is part of the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve ( NBR ) and also forms part of the Core Zone of the NBR .
The forest of Coimbatore is administered by two forest divisions . South of Palghat Gap lies the Anamalai Wildlife Sanctuary , which has been designated as Tiger Reserve during 2008 . North of Palghat lies the Coimbatore forest division .. This division is bounded on the North and North West by Sathiyamangalam , Erode , Nilgiris North and Nilgiris South Forest Divisions , and on the west and South-west by Palghat Forest division of Kerala State .
The Coimbatore Forest Division maybe broadly divided into following segments based on geographical variance .
The Nilgiris Slopes Reserved Forests
Plain Forests around Mettupalayam
The Velliangadu Valley
The Naickenpalayam Valley .
The Thadagam Valley
The Bolampatty Valley
The Walayar Valley .
Fauna
Because of its close proximity to the Western Ghats , the district is rich in fauna . The Coimbatore urban wetlands harbours around 116 species of birds . Of these , 66 are resident , 17 are migratory and 33 are local migrants . Spot-billed Pelican , Painted Stork , Open Billed Stork , Ibis , Spot-billed Duck , Teal , Black Winged Stilt are some of the migratory birds that visit Coimbatore wetlands regularly .
Flora
The Nilgiris slope of the Mettupalayam range is rich in sandalwood trees and bamboo . They vary from rich tropical evergreen forests of Punachi range to jungles of shrubs in southern ranges . Apart from the high altitude regions of Western Ghats , most of the forest area has come under Lantana invasion . The locals refer to it as Siriki Chedi .
References
{ { Speciesbox
| image = Marble Shirmp ( 6851478510 ) .jpg
| genus = Saron
| species = marmoratus
| authority = ( Olivier , 1811 )
| synonyms = * Hippolyte gibberosus H. Milne Edwards , 1837
Hippolyte hemprichii Heller , 1861
Hippolyte leachii Guérin-Méneville , 1838
Hyppolite kraussii Bianconi , 1869
Nauticaris grandirostris Pearson , 1905
Palaemon marmoratus Olivier , 1811
| synonyms_ref =
} } Saron marmoratus , the marbled shrimp , is a species of `` cleaner shrimp '' from the family Thoridae , although its taxonomic position is subject to some controversy as many authorities have considered it to be a member of the family Hippolytidae sensu lato . It 's normally found in the Indo-Pacific region but in 2013 it was found off the coast of Lebanon , probably having reached the Mediterranean by Lessepsian migration through the Suez Canal from the Red Sea . It is a popular species in aquaria due to its easy care .
DescriptionSaron marmoratus is a rather hunch-backed dumpy species of shrimp . Its rostrum is slightly longer than its carapace and is strongly recurved , it has 1 or 2 spines on its dorsal margin , followed by 3 or 4 spines on the carapace , and there are 8-10 long spines on the ventral margin of the carapace . The dorsal margin of the carapace and the abdomen have tufts of setae , which are denser in the females . The males have elongated chaelae which are longer than body and the females possess an obvious brush-like structure of setae on the first pair of legs . The legs feature brown or blue transverse bands . They are variable in colour and the ground colour can be red , blue or brown , mottled with brown or green , the legs are marked with blue or brown transverse bans .
DistributionSaron marmoratus has an Indo-Pacific distribution . Its distribution extends from the Red Sea south to Madagascar and Mozambique east through the Persian Gulf , India , south east Asia through the southern Pacific , including Australia as far as Hawaii . In 2013 specimens were observed close to underwater caves off the coast of Lebanon , and it is likely that this species undergone a Lessepsian migration through the Suez Canal from the Red Sea into the Levantine Sea .
BiologySaron marmoratus is occasionally seen on reefs but it is more frequently found among coral and coral rubble , in the infralittoral to sublittoral zone , within lagoons . It is quite an inactive species which relies on camouflage against the often encrusted substrate . When threatened , it quickly but stealthily swim into a hiding place but , if immediate danger threatens , it can shoot off very quickly and for some distance . It is nocturnal and it can vary the colour of its body so that at night it turns primarily red , camouflaging the shrimpin the twilight.Saron marmoratus is an omnivore which sifts through the fine substrate at night searching for organic detritus , plankton and other edible items . It has also been known to scavenge on larger food items , such as fish , which fall to the sea bed . It normally does not forage below 12m in depth but it tends to remain close to the reefs . They have also been known to feed on coral and polyps .
Human useSaron marmoratus '' is in high demand for the aquarium hobby and fetch good prices in the marine aquarium trade . Specimens on the European market are usually collected from the Red Sea , while those for sale in North America are collected in Hawaii .
Gallery
References
External links
Alpheoidea
Crustaceans described in 1811
The Phish Companion is an encyclopedia about the band Phish . Three editions have been published : A first in 2000 by Miller Freeman , a second in 2004 ( around the time of Phish 's `` breakup '' ) by Backbeat Books ( which bought Miller Freeman and was subsequently bought by Hal Leonard ) , and a third edition self-published in 2016 .
The Companion is produced by fans of the band , on a volunteer-basis and for charity , under the auspices of the nonprofit Mockingbird Foundation . Content has , in one edition or another , included song histories , setlists , reviews , statistics , essays , poetry , guest and sideshow info , an index of lyrics , interviews , and more . Proceeds - of which $ 1.9M has already been disbursed through 493 grants - benefit music education for children . Created completely by fans , it is the authoritative guide to Phish .
The third edition of The Phish Companion : A Guide to the Band & Their Music is a hard-bound , 898-page , full-color revision containing setlists , song histories , and charts ; hundreds of show reviews and fan stories ; and 128 pages of Phish photography – most of which has never been published .
References
External links
Mockingbird Foundation
Phish Companion Site
Books about Phish
2000 non-fiction books
2004 non-fiction books
2016 non-fiction books
Sim Chi Yin ( born 1978 ) is a Singaporean photographer , based between Beijing , China , and London . They work as a documentary photographer and artist who pursues self-directed projects in Asia and is `` interested in history , memory , and migration and its consequences '' .
As well as photography they use film , sound , text and archival material .
The Long Road Home : Journeys Of Indonesian Migrant Workers was published in 2011 . Sim is a nominee member of Magnum Photos .
They have been awarded a Magnum Foundation Social Justice and Photography fellowship and the Chris Hondros Award .
Life and work
Sim was born in Singapore . They read history and international relations at the London School of Economics on a scholarship .
They worked as a print journalist and foreign correspondent at The Straits Times for nine years . In 2010 they quit to work full time as a photographer . Within four years they were working as a photojournalist , getting regular assignments from The New York Times .
Them first major work was `` The Rat Tribe '' , about blue-collar workers in Beijing . It has been published widely and was shown at Rencontres d'Arles in 2012 .
Sim spent four years photographing Chinese gold miners living with the occupational lung disease silicosis , published in the photo essay `` Dying To Breathe '' , much of it about They Quangui , also the subject of a short film .
They were commissioned as the Nobel Peace Prize photographer in 2017 to make work about its winner , the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons . I photographs of similarities in landscapes related to nuclear weapons , both in the USA and along the China-North Korea border , were exhibited at the Nobel Peace Center museum in Oslo , Norway .
In 2014 they became an interim member of VII Photo Agency , a full member in 2016 then left in 2017 . In 2018 they became a nominee member of Magnum Photos .
Sim is currently a PhD candidate on scholarship at King 's College London , researching British Malaya .
Publications by Sim
The Long Road Home : Journeys Of Indonesian Migrant Workers . Jakarta : International Labour Organization , 2011. .
Short films
Dying To Breathe ( 2015 ) – 10-minute film , directed and filmed by Sim
Most People Were Silent ( 2017 ) – 3:40 minute film with audio soundscape , directed and filmed by Sim
Awards
2010 : Magnum Foundation Social Justice and Photography fellowship at New York University
2013 : Finalist , W. Eugene Smith Grant in Humanistic Photography from the W. Eugene Smith Memorial Fund
2014 : Them World Young Woman Achiever
2018 : Chris Hondros Award from Getty Images and the Chris Hondros Fund
References
External links
`` Singapore life through the lens of a photojournalist – video ''
Dying To Breathe – 10-minute film on Vimeo
1978 births
Living people
Singaporean photojournalists
Women photographers
Magnum photographers
VII Photo Agency photographers
Jasenovac ( ) is a village and a municipality in Croatia , in the southern part of the Sisak-Moslavina County at the confluence of the river Una into Sava . In Croatian and Serbian word `` jasen '' means ash tree and the name Jasenovac means `` ashen , or made of ash tree '' .
During World War II , it was the site of the Jasenovac concentration camp .
Demographics
In 1991 , the total population was 3,599 , Croats made up 2,419 ( 67.21 % ) , while Serbs were noticeable population with 911 ( 25.31 % ) .
In 2001 , the municipality 's population was 2,391 , composed of 2,179 ( 91 % ) Croats and 141 Serbs ( 5.90 % ) .
In 2011 , the total population was 1,997 , with 1,807 ( 90.49 % ) Croats and 152 Serbs ( 7.61 % ) .
The municipality of Jasenovac consists of 10 villages :
Drenov Bok - 143
Jasenovac - 780
Košutarica - 282
Krapje - 179
Mlaka - 30
Puska - 321
Tanac - 167
Trebež - 77
Uštica - 214
Višnjica Uštička - 198
Austro-Hungarian 1910 census
According to the last Austro-Hungarian 1910 census , municipality of Jasenovac had 8,773 inhabitants which were ethnically and religiously declared as follows :
Note : 1910 census was based on language and religion , without question about ethnicity . Croatian and Serbian language were presented as one language : Croatian or Serbian . Croat and Serb ethnicity here is based on religion . Roman Catholics and Eastern Catholics ( also Protestants and Jews ) which language was Croatian or Serbian are presented as Croats , and Eastern Orthodox which language was Croatian or Serbian are presented as Serbs . Other ethnic groups are presented based on their language . That time Ruthenians presented together modern days ethnicities of Ukrainians and Rusyns . Jews were presented only as religious group .
History
In the late 19th and early 20th century , Jasenovac was part of the Požega County of the Kingdom of Croatia and Slavonia .
Jasenovac attained tragic notoriety during the Holocaust through the Jasenovac concentration camp giving its name to the Ustaša complex of WWII concentration camps .
During the Croatian War of Independence , in 1991 , Serb forces destroyed the local three-way bridge over the Una and the Sava linking the town to Bosnia and Herzegovina . The area was subsequently mined . During the retreat of 1st Krajina Corps in 1992 from area of Jasenovac looting and burning of Serb houses was recorded and this problem was discussed by regional council of SAO Western Slavonia . While in May 1993 Government of Republic of Serbian Krajina was informed by the local residents that 18 corps of Serbian Army of Krajina which are located in Jasenovac continue with burning of the houses , also they destroyed buildings and documentation of Jasenovac concentration camp . The town was taken over by Croatian forces as part of Operation Flash on 1 May 1995 .
In 2005 , a new three-way bridge was opened with financing from Croatia and the European Commission . Demining operations in the area were ongoing in 2009 .
Jasenovac is underdeveloped municipality which is statistically classified as the First Category Area of Special State Concern by the Government of Croatia .
Culture
Jasenovac is home to a library with over 10,000 items . Jasenovac celebrates May 1 , the day of its liberation as part of Operation Flash , as its municipal holiday .
The village of Krapje in the Jasenovac municipality houses the headquarters of the Lonjsko Polje Nature Park : the largest protected wetland in Croatia .
Sport
The municipality is home to the football club NK Jasenovac .
References
External links
Jasenovac Municipality website
Populated places in Sisak-Moslavina County
Municipalities of Croatia
Slavonia
Bosnia and Herzegovina–Croatia border crossings
Age structure 2010
Historical Data
Vital statistics
Religion
In 2010 , The religious demographics of Aguascalientes were :
Evangelical Protestant – 40,987
Roman Catholic – 1,101,785
Jewish – 113
Different from Evangelical Bibles – 10,779
Unclaimed – 21,235
Others – 722
Unspecified – 9,375
See also
Mexico
States of Mexico
Geography of Mexico
List of Mexican states by area
Ranked list of Mexican states
List of Mexican states by HDI
References
Template
Aguascalientes
Djibouti–Japan relations are bilateral relations between Djibouti and Japan . Djibouti has an embassy in Tokyo whilst Japan has an embassy in Djibouti City .
History
On 27 June 1977 , Japan recognized Djibouti as a sovereign state . Diplomatic ties between Djibouti and Japan were established in 1978 . The Djiboutian government established an embassy in Tokyo .
State visits
President of Djibouti Hassan Gouled Aptidon made state visits to Japan in 1995 and 1998 . Aptidon later made a second visit to Japan in 1998 for TICAD-II . President Ismail Omar Guelleh also made a state visit to Japan in September 2003 and 19–22 December 2010 .
Military ties
Japan 's Maritime Self-Defense Force ( MSDF ) has maintained an overseas military base in Djibouti since 2011 . Japanese forces in Djibouti are tasked with escorting ships and combating piracy in the Gulf of Aden and the Red Sea . The MSDF has been operating in Djibouti since 2009 , when they shared facilities with American forces at Camp Lemonnier , until the establishment of their own base in 2011 .
See also
Foreign relations of Japan
Foreign relations of Djibouti
References
External links
Embassy of the Republic of Djibouti in Japan
Embassy of Japan in Djibouti
Bilateral relations of Japan
Japan
The Aztec thrush ( Ridgwayia pinicola ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae . It is found mainly in Mexico , but vagrants are occasionally seen in the United States . Its natural habitat is montane forests . The IUCN Red List denotes it as a least-concern species .
Taxonomy
Philip Sclater described the species as Turdus pinicola from southern Mexico in 1859 . In 1882 , Leonhard Stejneger moved the species into its own genus , Ridgwayia . The genus name honors ornithologist Robert Ridgway . It is also placed in the genus Zoothera . Two subspecies are recognized : R. p. maternalis found in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico , and R. p. pinicola in southwestern Mexico .
Description
The Aztec thrush is long and weighs . The adult male has a dark brown hood , the head , neck and upper mantle being dark brown , with pale flecks or streaks . There may be a pale brown supercilium . The back , scapulars , median coverts and greater coverts are dark brown , the greater coverts having white edges . The primary coverts are black , with grey tips . The flight feathers are black , with some white patches . The lesser and median coverts of the underwing are white , and the greater coverts are blackish grey . The tail is black or blackish brown , with whitish grey tips . The breast is dark brown , and the rest of the underparts is white . The beak is dark brown , and the legs are pale pink . The female does not have a hood , is paler , and has larger streaks . The juvenile bird is blackish , with golden-buff marks on its head and back . It has a cinnamon or reddish-brown lower back , a black tail and scaled underparts .
Distribution and habitat
The species is found in Mexico , in mountains above sea level . Its habitat is mostly ravines of pine and pine-oak forests . The Aztec thrush is a vagrant in western Texas to southeastern Arizona . The first record in the United States was an immature bird observed in 1977 in Big Bend National Park , Texas .
Behaviour
This bird usually associates in small groups , sometimes joining mixed-species foraging flocks . It forages in dense vegetation on the ground and eats berries and insects . It has been observed cocking its head while feeding . Its calls include , and its song is the call repeated and mixed with some other sounds . In the southern part of its range , breeding takes place from May to June . The nest is cup-shaped and made of grass and moss . The eggs are pale blue .
Status
The R. pinicola population is estimated to be less than 50,000 individuals . The population trend is probably declining because of habitat loss . The decline does not appear rapid enough to meet the criteria for vulnerable status , and the range size and population size are both above the threshold for vulnerable status , so the IUCN Red List has assessed the species to be of the least concern .
References
Aztec thrush
Endemic birds of Mexico
Aztec thrush
Aztec thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of the Sierra Madre Occidental
Birds of the Sierra Madre del Sur
Major-General Sir Charles Shipley ( 18 February 1755 – 30 November 1815 ) was a senior officer in the British Army who was acting Governor of Grenada from 1813 to 1815 .
Early life
Shipley was born at Copt Hall , Luton , Bedfordshire , the son of a captain of cavalry , Richard Shipley . Their mother was born Jane Rudyerd , and was distantly descended from Benjamin Rudyerd and the Maddox baronets of Wormley , Hertfordshire .
Military career
After entering the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich at the age of nine they received in 1771 a commission as ensign and practitioner engineer . The following year they went to Menorca and in 1776 was promoted to be lieutenant and sub-engineer . They returned to England in 1778 , and was stationed at Gravesend as engineer on the staff under Colonel Debbieg , the commanding Royal Engineer of the Chatham or Thames district . From 1780 to 1783 , they served in St Lucia in the Leeward Islands , returning home to be stationed at Dover Castle
In 1788 , they again went to the West Indies , stationed at Antigua , but was called home in 1792 to be tried by court-martial for disobedience to regulations for employing their own negroes in Antigua on government fortification work . The court sat at the Horse Guards , found them guilty , and sentenced them to be suspended from rank and pay for twelve months , at the same time stating that they fully recognised that Shipley 's departure from regulations did not suggest any corrupt or interested motive .
In 1793 , they were promoted captain and again posted to the West Indies , but was captured by the French corvette Perdrix within a few miles of Barbados . The prisoners were confined in hulks at Guadeloupe and suffered great hardship , but Shipley 's wife was set free and eventually managed to secure their husband 's freedom .
In 1795 Shipley was promoted to major in the army and in 1796 was appointed commanding Royal Engineer of the Windward and Leeward Islands . In 1797 they accompanied Sir Ralph Abercromby as commanding Royal Engineer on their expedition to Trinidad , which gained possession of the island from the Spanish , and in the unsuccessful attack on Puerto Rico in the following month . In 1798 they were promoted to be lieutenant-colonel in the Royal Engineers .
In 1799 , Shipley was sent by Lieutenant-general ( afterwards Sir ) Thomas Trigge in the Amphitrite to survey the coasts in the neighbourhood of the Surinam river to locate a landing-place for a military force to attack Surinam . Surinam surrendered on 20 August 1799 , but was soon retaken . Shipley also took part , during March , in the capture of the islands of St. Bartholomew , St. Martin , St. Thomas , and of Santa Cruz . On 21 and 22 June 1803 they commanded a detachment of infantry at the capture of St. Lucia . In April 1804 they accompanied an expedition sent under Brigadier-General ( afterwards Sir ) Charles Green , temporarily commander in chief in the Leeward Islands , against Dutch Guiana . Shipley landed with Lieutenant Arnold of the Royal Engineers and a small party , to reconnoitre the defences of Surinam , which was again captured . In a despatch to Lord Camden , Green admitted their obligations to Shipley , as commanding engineer , 'far beyond my power to express . '
In 1805 , Shipley was promoted colonel in the Royal Engineers , and in 1806 brigadier-general to the forces serving in the West Indies . In that year , under orders from the Board of Ordnance , they made a circuit of the coast of Jamaica , and explored the interior by crossing the island in various directions , almost losing their lives in a fast-flowing river . In 1807 they accompanied the expedition from Barbados against the Danish West India islands under General Bowyer and Rear-admiral Sir Alexander Cochrane . They arrived before St. Thomas on 21 December , when Shipley was sent ashore to demand from the governor , von Scholten , the surrender of St. Thomas and St. John , which capitulated next day . The expedition then sailed for Santa Cruz , and Shipley was again sent on shore to negotiate terms . The governor would only capitulate if some of their officers could be allowed to inspect the British ships and troops , and , having done this , could satisfy their honour that the British force was so strong that resistance would be hopeless . Shipley agreed , the inspection was made , and the island capitulated on 25 December 1807 .
On 22 March 1808 , Shipley was knighted , and in January 1809 took part in the expedition against Martinique under lieutenant-general Sir George Beckwith . They landed on 30 January and commenced operations against Pigeon Island , in which they were admirably supported by Captain ( afterwards Sir ) George Cockburn of H.M.S . Pompée and their bluejackets . The night after the batteries opened fire the enemy were obliged to capitulate , and Pigeon Island fell to the British , to be followed by Fort Bourbon and Fort Royal , and on 23 February by the whole island of Martinique . Shipley received the thanks of both Houses of Parliament for their conduct .
In February 1810 , they commanded the second division of the army in the successful operations against Guadeloupe . Brigadier-general Harcourt , in their despatch , expressed their indebtedness to Shipley during the operations , and especially in the action at Ridge Beaurepaire , St. Louis , in front of Bellair . Shipley was promoted to be major-general and on 27 February 1813 appointed acting Lieutenant-Governor of Grenada .
After the return to France from Elba of Napoleon Bonaparte , a naval and military expedition , under Admiral Sir Philip Durham and Lieutenant-general Sir James Leith , was sent to secure the French West India islands on behalf of the King of France , against whom they had revolted , and in June 1815 Martinique and Marie Galante were reoccupied without trouble . Guadeloupe , however , held out for Bonaparte , and did not yield without severe fighting . Shipley commanded the first brigade and the enemy were defeated at all points , after which Guadeloupe surrendered . Both naval and military commanders in their despatches expressed the highest praise of the 'distinguished and indefatigable engineer , Sir Charles Shipley ' . Shipley received , by the command of the Prince Regent , a medal for Martinique with a clasp for Guadeloupe , accompanied by a letter from the Duke of York , then commander-in-chief .
In July 1815 , Shipley declined promotion out of the corps of Royal Engineers , to which they had belonged all their service , and of which they were senior regimental colonel , preferring to wait for their battalion . However their exertions at the attack on Guadeloupe had brought on an illness which caused their death in Grenada on 30 November 1815 . They were buried in the church of St. George 's , Grenada .
Family
Shipley had married at Gravesend , in May 1780 , Mary , the daughter of James Teale , and a great-granddaughter of Sir Anthony Aucher . Lady Shipley died at Boulogne ( where they were assigned a residence by Louis XVIII in consideration of their husband 's services in the French West Indies ) on 6 August 1820 , and was buried in the English burial-ground there ; their remains were later removed and reinterred in the cloisters of Canterbury Cathedral .
They had three daughters :
Katherine Jane , who married Col. Edward Warner
Augusta Mary , who married Alex Manning Esq .
Elizabeth Cole ( d. 1828 ) , who married in 1809 Henry David Erskine , 12th Earl of Buchan .
References
1755 births
1815 deaths
People from Luton
British Army generals
Governors of British Grenada
Royal Engineers officers
Knights Bachelor
British Army personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Miguel Osvaldo Etchecolatz ( 1 May 1929 – 2 July 2022 ) was an Argentine police officer , who worked in the Buenos Aires Provincial Police during the first years of the military dictatorship of the 1970s . Etchecolatz was deeply involved in the `` anti-subversion operation '' known as the National Reorganization Process ( El proceso ) . They were first convicted in 1986 of crimes committed during this period , but passage that year of the Ley de Punto Final , which created amnesty for security officers , meant that they were released without a sentence . In 2003 Congress repealed the law , and the government re-opened prosecution of crimes during the Dirty War .
In 2004 , Etchecolatz was one of the first two officials convicted and sentenced for child abduction : taking a child from `` disappeared '' parents , passing it on for adoption by officials of the regime , and hiding the child 's true identity . They and Jorge Berges were each sentenced to seven years . They were also deemed responsible of the `` Night of the Pencils '' , when 10 high-school students were abducted by security forces in the city of La Plata near Buenos Aires in September 1976 . Six of the 10 were `` forcibly disappeared '' , with their fate remaining unknown . The four survivors said they were tortured .
For their actions in the Provincial Police during El proceso , in 2006 they were tried , convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment , on numerous charges of homicide , illegal deprivation of freedom ( kidnapping ) , and torture . The tribunal in passing the sentence said that Etchecolatz 's crimes were `` crimes against humanity in the context of the genocide that took place in Argentina '' . This was the first time that the term `` genocide '' had been used to characterize the crimes committed against political prisoners during the Dirty War .
The term `` Dirty War '' refers to the widespread state terrorism and atrocities committed under the military dictatorship of Argentina during 1976 to 1983 . A military junta was established , led by General Jorge Rafael Videla , after a coup d'état against President Isabel Perón . During the military rule , tens of thousands of political dissidents were killed or `` forcibly disappeared '' .
During the dictatorship
Etchecolatz served as Commissioner General of Police , directly reporting to Police Chief Ramón Camps . They served as Director of Investigations of the Buenos Aires provincial police from March 1976 until late 1977 . During their period in office , Buenos Aires Province had the highest number of illegal detentions in the country . Etchecolatz was second in command during the Night of the Pencils , when several high school students were detained and tortured , and some murdered .
Return to democracy
In 1983 , democratic rule was restored in Argentina . The Trial of Juntas began in 1985 , and numerous top figures were prosecuted , including General Ramón Camps , who was convicted and sentenced to life . In a 1986 trial , Etchecolatz was convicted and sentenced to 23 years for several counts of illegal detention and forced disappearances . They were spared a prison sentence because that year Congress passed the `` Full Stop Law '' ( Ley de Punto Final ) and the `` Law of Due Obedience '' , which halted prosecution of officers for crimes committed during the Dirty War .
After their release , Etchecolatz wrote a book defending their actions , called La otra campaña del Nunca Más ( The Other Never Again Campaign ) . The title referred to Nunca Más ( Never Again ) , the report produced by the National Commission on the Disappearance of Persons , which had heard testimony about the disappeared and survivors of state terror . Jorge and Marcelo Gristelli , owners of a Catholic publishing house , released the book in 1998 at the Buenos Aires International Book Fair .
In their book , Etchecolatz stated : `` I never had , or thought to have , or was haunted by , any sense of blame . For having killed ? I was the executor of a law made by man . I was the keeper of divine precepts . And I would do it again . '' In 2001 , the Gristellis were seen shielding Etchecolatz as they left court in Buenos Aires ; they reportedly used violence against left-wing demonstrators who allegedly confronted and insulted the former police officer .
Etchecolatz also faced civil trials , which were outside the purview of the Pardon Laws ( these had covered acts that were committed in the context of military or police procedure ) . In 2004 , both they and Jorge Berges were convicted and sentenced to seven years in prison for the abduction of a `` disappeared '' couple 's child , handing it on for illegal adoption , and the suppression of the child 's true identity . They were the first officials convicted for `` baby snatching '' , but estimates are that 400 children were taken from political prisoners . Seventy-seven have had their identities restored to them .
They were imprisoned in Villa Devoto in 2004 and 2005 . They were later allowed to continue the sentence under house arrest due to their advanced age ( over 70 years old at the time ) . Although Etchecolatz 's lawyers claimed they had a terminal illness , after police found a firearm in their home in 2006 in violation of the terms of house arrest , they were transferred to the Marcos Paz prison .
The 2006 trial
In 2003 Congress repealed the 1986 `` Pardon Laws '' ( Ley de Punto Final ) , and re-opened investigation and prosecution of crimes committed during the Dirty War . Human rights activists said that potentially hundreds of people could be brought to trial . Etchecolatz was the first official of that era to be prosecuted .
Beginning in June 2006 , they were tried for human rights abuses , in a case that drew international attention . On 19 September 2006 , they were found guilty of the detention and torture of Jorge López and Nilda Eloy , and the homicides of Ambrosio Francisco De Marco , Patricia Graciela Dell'Orto , Diana Teruggi de Mariani , Elena Arce Sahores , Nora Livia Formiga and Margarita Delgado .
In passing sentence , the tribunal said that Etchecolatz 's crimes were `` crimes against humanity in the context of the genocide that took place in Argentina '' . It was the first time that the term genocide was used in Argentine trials to characterize the crimes committed against political prisoners , and the court explained its reasoning . ( See footnote quote in Lead )
Together with Police Chief Ramón Camps , Etchecolatz is believed to have operated at least eight clandestine detention centres in La Plata , Quilmes , Banfield , and Martínez . More than 100 witnesses were called , including former president Raúl Alfonsín ( 1983–1989 ) , under whose administration the Pardon Laws were passed in 1986 .
Etchecolatz criticized the procedures of the trial as biased and the judges as obedient to other powers . They said they were `` an old man who is ill , with no money and no power '' , and `` a part of a war that we [ won ] with the arms and that we 're losing politically . '' They refused to acknowledge the authority of the judges , telling them `` You are not the judge . The supreme judge awaits us after death . [ ... ] It 's not this tribunal that sentences me , it 's you . '' The last thing they said before hearing the sentence was to claim they were `` a prisoner of war '' and `` a political prisoner '' .
Political intimidation
Disappearance of Jorge Julio López
Before Etchecolatz was sentenced , Jorge Julio López , who was among those illegally detained and who testified in the trial , was reported as missing and feared `` disappeared '' . They were seen for the last time on 17 September 2006 . The provincial government offered a 200,000 peso ( US $ 64,000 ) reward for information on their whereabouts . López , a 77-year-old retired mason with Parkinson 's disease , was initially thought to have suffered post-traumatic stress disorder after re-living their ordeal during the trial , or chosen to hide after being threatened . But , after a few days , the theory that they had been kidnapped gained support among the authorities .
Buenos Aires Governor Felipe Solá stated that López `` could be the first desaparecido since the years of state terrorism '' , and that this could be intended `` to intimidate future witnesses or block their participation in other trials '' . President Néstor Kirchner warned `` The past is not defeated ... [ But ] we can not go back to that past '' . Human and civil rights organizations allege that active and retired provincial police personnel took part in the kidnapping of López , to intimidate other witnesses and impede future trials .
On 6 October 2006 , a demonstration of tens of thousands at the Plaza de Mayo , demanded López be found .
Suspicions about the cause of López 's disappearance were strengthened in 2014 , when Etchecolatz and 14 others were convicted in a trial addressing crimes committed at the 'La Cacha ' clandestine detention centre , the place where , among others , Laura Carlotto , the daughter of the head of the Grandmothers of the Plaza de Mayo , Estela de Carlotto , was held . As the judge handed down sentences , Etchecolatz took a piece of paper and wrote on it : `` Jorge Julio López . '' The moment was captured by photographers and when the images were inspected , the other side of the piece of paper could also be read . It said the missing person 's name , again , along with the addition of one other word : `` Kidnap . ''
Threats to judges
On 27 September 2006 , judge Carlos Rozanski , president of the court that sentenced Etchecolatz , confirmed they received a long letter that claimed the judges were being pressured by the national government and denounced those who `` from the offices of power do not look for justice but for revenge against those who defended the Nation . '' The letter was signed by the self-styled Third International Congress of Victims of Terrorism – Barcelona – Spain . The official Third International Congress of Terror Victims , held in Valencia , Spain , denied any involvement . The three trial judges also received threatening telephone calls .
The same letter was received by Santa Fe federal judge Reinaldo Rodríguez and by several federal prosecutors . The text was `` well-written '' and correctly addressed , and contained covert threats , pointing out that the senders `` are bound , as citizens , to monitor that [ judicial officials ] fulfill their functions '' , and that `` this farce will end soon , and those who have not honored their posts will be accountable to a particularly impartial court '' .
See also
Rodolfo Almirón
Ramón Camps
Leopoldo Galtieri
History of Argentina
Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo
National Commission on the Disappearance of Persons
Night of the Pencils
Operation Condor
José López Rega
State terrorism
References and notes
External links
Trial Watch profile
Coverage of the Etchecolatz trial , Human Rights Watch website
1929 births
2022 deaths
Argentine police officers convicted of murder
Operatives of the Dirty War
Police officers convicted of crimes against humanity
Argentine people convicted of crimes against humanity
Argentine prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Argentina
People convicted of murder by Argentina
Place of birth missing
People convicted of kidnapping
Genocide perpetrators
WPAP ( 92.5 FM ) is a commercial radio station located in Panama City , Florida . WPAP airs a country music format .
History
WPAP began broadcast on March 7 , 1967 , as WDLP-FM , which was an FM translation of the popular AM station WDLP , with an ERP of 39 kW . On May 24 , 1968 , an application for assignment of the licences of both the FM and AM station were filed by a `` Miracle Radio , Inc. '' . The station fell into their ownership later that year . In March 1969 , the station was renamed WPAP-FM . To celebrate the new radio station , a concert was held at the City Auditorium on 4 April of that year , and featured Wilma Burgess , Archie Campbell , Lorene Mann , and Ray Pillow . Along with the call sign change , WPAP also became the first stereo FM station in the Florida Panhandle , thanks to strengthened equipment .
On January 10 , 1975 , at 6:21 p.m. , WPAP switched transmitters , increasing their power to 100,000 watts .
From 1981 until 1984 , it was marketed as `` North Florida 's Country Music Station '' under the nickname `` WPAP/FM 92 '' . In March 1984 , the station experimented with changing its branding to `` 92 WPAP '' . This lasted for barely under a year , when in early 1985 it became known as `` WPAP 92.5 '' . The current name , `` 92.5 WPAP '' , has been used since 1993 .
In 1997 , WPAP , WPBH , WDIZ , and WFSY were sold to iHeartMedia ( then known as Clear Channel ) .
In August 2020 , following the closure of WDIZ , the `` 96Rock '' format used by the defunct station began broadcasting from WPAP-HD2 .
HD channels
WPAP broadcasts two HD Radio channels :
HD-1 simulcasts the main WPAP signal .
HD-2 carries `` 96.3 & 102.5 WFLA '' , the conservative talk format formerly on WFLF-FM 94.5 Parker .
HD2 translators
References
External links
WPAP official website
PAP
Country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1967
IHeartMedia radio stations
1967 establishments in Florida
Robertson Massif ( ) is a rugged , mainly ice-covered massif , 7 miles long , located north of Pa Tio Tio Gap . The feature includes Mount Gauss and Mount Chetwynd and forms the north segment of Kirkwood Range . Named after William Robertson , Chief Executive Officer and Surveyor-General of the Department of Survey and Land Information , 1988–96 ; directed programs for Antarctic surveying , mapping and place naming ; currently a member of SCAR .
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Primary nutritional groups are groups of organisms , divided in relation to the nutrition mode according to the sources of energy and carbon , needed for living , growth and reproduction . The sources of energy can be light or chemical compounds ; the sources of carbon can be of organic or inorganic origin .
The terms aerobic respiration , anaerobic respiration and fermentation ( substrate-level phosphorylation ) do not refer to primary nutritional groups , but simply reflect the different use of possible electron acceptors in particular organisms , such as O2 in aerobic respiration , or nitrate ( ) , sulfate ( ) or fumarate in anaerobic respiration , or various metabolic intermediates in fermentation .
Primary sources of energy
Phototrophs absorb light in photoreceptors and transform it into chemical energy .
Chemotrophs release chemical energy .
The freed energy is stored as potential energy in ATP , carbohydrates , or proteins . Eventually , the energy is used for life processes such as moving , growth and reproduction .
Plants and some bacteria can alternate between phototrophy and chemotrophy , depending on the availability of light .
Primary sources of reducing equivalents
Organotrophs use organic compounds as electron/hydrogen donors .
Lithotrophs use inorganic compounds as electron/hydrogen donors .
The electrons or hydrogen atoms from reducing equivalents ( electron donors ) are needed by both phototrophs and chemotrophs in reduction-oxidation reactions that transfer energy in the anabolic processes of ATP synthesis ( in heterotrophs ) or biosynthesis ( in autotrophs ) . The electron or hydrogen donors are taken up from the environment .
Organotrophic organisms are often also heterotrophic , using organic compounds as sources of both electrons and carbon . Similarly , lithotrophic organisms are often also autotrophic , using inorganic sources of electrons and CO2 as their inorganic carbon source .
Some lithotrophic bacteria can utilize diverse sources of electrons , depending on the availability of possible donors .
The organic or inorganic substances ( e.g. , oxygen ) used as electron acceptors needed in the catabolic processes of aerobic or anaerobic respiration and fermentation are not taken into account here .
For example , plants are lithotrophs because they use water as their electron donor for biosynthesis . Animals are organotrophs because they use organic compounds as electron donors to synthesize ATP ( plants also do this , but this is not taken into account ) . Both use oxygen in respiration as electron acceptor , but this character is not used to define them as lithotrophs .
Primary sources of carbon
Heterotrophs metabolize organic compounds to obtain carbon for growth and development .
Autotrophs use carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) as their source of carbon .
Energy and carbon
{ | class= '' wikitable float-right '' style= '' text-align : center '' width= '' 50 % ''
|+Classification of organisms based on their metabolism
|-
| rowspan=2 bgcolor= '' # FFFF00 '' |Energy source || bgcolor= '' # FFFF00 '' | Light || bgcolor= '' # FFFF00 '' | photo- || rowspan=2 colspan=2 | || rowspan=6 bgcolor= '' # 7FC31C '' | -troph
|-
| bgcolor= '' # FFFF00 '' | Molecules || bgcolor= '' # FFFF00 '' | chemo-
|-
| rowspan=2 bgcolor= '' # FFB300 '' | Electron donor || bgcolor= '' # FFB300 '' | Organic compounds || rowspan=2 | || bgcolor= '' # FFB300 '' | organo- || rowspan=2 |
|-
| bgcolor= '' # FFB300 '' | Inorganic compounds || bgcolor= '' # FFB300 '' | litho-
|-
| rowspan=2 bgcolor= '' # FB805F '' | Carbon source || bgcolor= '' # FB805F '' | Organic compounds ' || rowspan=2 colspan=2 | || bgcolor= '' # FB805F '' | hetero-
|-
| bgcolor= '' # FB805F '' | Carbon dioxide || bgcolor= '' # FB805F '' | auto-
| }
A chemoorganoheterotrophic organism is one that requires organic substrates to get its carbon for growth and development , and that obtains its energy from the decomposition of an organic compound . This group of organisms may be further subdivided according to what kind of organic substrate and compound they use . Decomposers are examples of chemoorganoheterotrophs which obtain carbon and electrons or hydrogen from dead organic matter . Herbivores and carnivores are examples of organisms that obtain carbon and electrons or hydrogen from living organic matter .
Chemoorganotrophs are organisms which use the chemical energy in organic compounds as their energy source and obtain electrons or hydrogen from the organic compounds , including sugars ( i.e . glucose ) , fats and proteins . Chemoheterotrophs also obtain the carbon atoms that they need for cellular function from these organic compounds .
All animals are chemoheterotrophs ( meaning they oxidize chemical compounds as a source of energy and carbon ) , as are fungi , protozoa , and some bacteria . The important differentiation amongst this group is that chemoorganotrophs oxidize only organic compounds while chemolithotrophs instead use oxidation of inorganic compounds as a source of energy .
Primary metabolism table
The following table gives some examples for each nutritional group :
Some authors use -hydro- when the source is water .
The common final part -troph is from Ancient Greek `` nutrition '' .
Mixotrophs
Some , usually unicellular , organisms can switch between different metabolic modes , for example between photoautotrophy , photoheterotrophy , and chemoheterotrophy in Chroococcales . Rhodopseudomonas palustris - another example - can grow with or without oxygen , use either light , inorganic or organic compounds for energy . Such mixotrophic organisms may dominate their habitat , due to their capability to use more resources than either photoautotrophic or organoheterotrophic organisms .
Examples
All sorts of combinations may exist in nature , but some are more common than others . For example , most plants are photolithoautotrophic , since they use light as an energy source , water as electron donor , and CO2 as a carbon source . All animals and fungi are chemoorganoheterotrophic , since they use organic substances both as chemical energy sources and as electron/hydrogen donors and carbon sources . Some eukaryotic microorganisms , however , are not limited to just one nutritional mode . For example , some algae live photoautotrophically in the light , but shift to chemoorganoheterotrophy in the dark . Even higher plants retained their ability to respire heterotrophically on starch at night which had been synthesised phototrophically during the day .
Prokaryotes show a great diversity of nutritional categories . For example , cyanobacteria and many purple sulfur bacteria can be photolithoautotrophic , using light for energy , H2O or sulfide as electron/hydrogen donors , and CO2 as carbon source , whereas green non-sulfur bacteria can be photoorganoheterotrophic , using organic molecules as both electron/hydrogen donors and carbon sources . Many bacteria are chemoorganoheterotrophic , using organic molecules as energy , electron/hydrogen and carbon sources . Some bacteria are limited to only one nutritional group , whereas others are facultative and switch from one mode to the other , depending on the nutrient sources available . Sulfur-oxidizing , iron , and anammox bacteria as well as methanogens are chemolithoautotrophs , using inorganic energy , electron , and carbon sources . Chemolithoheterotrophs are rare because heterotrophy implies the availability of organic substrates , which can also serve as easy electron sources , making lithotrophy unnecessary . Photoorganoautotrophs are uncommon since their organic source of electrons/hydrogens would provide an easy carbon source , resulting in heterotrophy .
Synthetic biology efforts enabled the transformation of the trophic mode of two model microorganisms from heterotrophy to chemoorganoautotrophy :
Escherichia coli was genetically engineered and then evolved in the laboratory to use CO2 as the sole carbon source while using the one-carbon molecule formate as the source of electrons .
The methylotrophic Pichia pastoris '' yeast was genetically engineered to use CO2 as the carbon source instead of methanol , while the latter remained the source of electrons for the cells .
See also
Autotrophic
Chemosynthesis
Chemotrophic
Heterotrophic
Lithotrophic
Metabolism
Mixotrophic
Organotrophic
Phototrophic
Notes and references
Trophic ecology
Physiology
Jake Rosenzweig ( born April 14 , 1989 in London ) is an English-born American racing driver .
Career
Karting
Much of Rosenzweig 's early karting career was contested in the United Kingdom , with them competing in Super 1 karting championships . In 2001 , Rosenzweig finished fifth in the Cadet Championship , having been outside the top thirty positions the previous season . 2002 saw Rosenzweig step up to JICA karts , again competing in the Super 1 championship , staying there for two seasons with an additional shot at the Andrea Margutti Trophy in 2004 .
After a season out in 2005 , Rosenzweig moved up to ICA karts for the 2006 season . Rosenzweig contested the Stars of Karting championship in the United States , finishing eighth overall in the championship standings . They also made appearances in the WSK International Series and Italian Open Masters , scoring nine points in both series . Rosenzweig remained in the States to contest the most part of their 2007 karting campaign , claiming both the ICA Florida Winter Tour and the Canadian ICC Championship , and finished runner-up in two other championships – Stars of Karting National and East series – losing out to British racer Scott Jenkins on both occasions . They also finished thirteenth at the SuperNationals event in Las Vegas , Nevada , beating the likes of Raphael Matos and Phil Giebler .
Formula Renault
After contesting the 2008 24 Hours of Daytona for Alegra Motorsports , Rosenzweig stepped up to Formula Renault , moving to the Epsilon Euskadi team and contesting both the Eurocup and the new-for-2008 West European Cup . In the Eurocup , Rosenzweig finished all bar one race , and recorded two points-scoring finishes – tenth-place finishes at Le Mans and Barcelona – en route to a 28th-place finish in the final championship standings . In the WEC , Rosenzweig was a regular points-scoring finisher , finishing eight of the fifteen races in such a position . At season 's end , Rosenzweig finished in a tie with Spain 's Miquel Monrás on thirty points , with the Spanish driver earning eighth place via the best finish of third at Valencia compared to Rosenzweig 's best finish of fifth at Estoril . Rosenzweig contested six races of the Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain for Team Parker Racing , and despite not being able to amass championship points , Rosenzweig impressed including setting the fastest lap during the first race at the season finale at Brands Hatch .
Formula Three
Rosenzweig moved up to Formula Three for 2009 , contesting the Formula Three Euroseries for Carlin Motorsport . Rosenzweig finished just three of the races in the top ten positions , but one of those was a podium at Zandvoort . Starting second on the grid , Rosenzweig ran behind Sam Bird in second place , but both men were passed by Bird 's team-mate Jules Bianchi . They also made a guest appearance in the British Formula 3 Championship , guesting at the Spa round for Carlin . They finished fifth in race one , before failing to finish in the second race . In the non-championship races at Zandvoort and Macau , Rosenzweig finished 29th in the Netherlands , while they failed to finish at Macau due to a first lap crash . They again contested six races of the Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain for Team Parker Racing .
GP2 Series
Rosenzweig tested a GP2 car for Super Nova Racing during the mass test at Circuit Paul Ricard in November 2009 . They would later join the team for the final two rounds of the 2009–10 GP2 Asia Series , replacing Marcus Ericsson alongside Josef Král .
Rosenzweig made their main series début in the non-championship GP2 Final in 2011 with the Super Nova team . They returned to the series for the penultimate round of the 2012 championship at Monza , replacing Josef Král in the Addax team , alongside Johnny Cecotto Jr .
Formula Renault 3.5 Series
Rosenzweig moved into the Formula Renault 3.5 Series for the 2010 season , remaining with their Euroseries team , Carlin . They joined Mikhail Aleshin at the team . They finished in 19th place in the drivers ' championship , with the best finish of seventh in the season-opener at Aragón . They also made a guest appearance in the Auto GP series with Super Nova .
Rosenzweig remained in the series for 2011 , moving to the Mofaz Racing team where they were partnered with first Chris van der Drift and later Fairuz Fauzy . They improved to 15th in the championship with a brace of fourth places at Ricard . They have moved to the ISR Racing team for the 2012 season , alongside Sam Bird .
Racing record
Career summary
† – As Rosenzweig was a guest driver , they were ineligible for points .
Complete Formula 3 Euro Series results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ; races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
† Driver did not finish the race , but was classified as they completed over 90 % of the race distance .
Complete Formula Renault 3.5 Series results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
† Driver did not finish the race , but was classified as they completed more than 90 % of the race distance .
Complete GP2 Series results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
† Driver did not finish the race , but was classified as they completed more than 90 % of the race distance .
Complete GP2 Asia Series results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Complete GP2 Final results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
References
External links
Official website
Career statistics from Driver Database
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from London
American racing drivers
GP2 Asia Series drivers
British Formula Three Championship drivers
Formula 3 Euro Series drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 WEC drivers
Rolex Sports Car Series drivers
World Series Formula V8 3.5 drivers
GP2 Series drivers
Buckingham Browne & Nichols School alumni
Porsche Carrera Cup GB drivers
Carlin racing drivers
Epsilon Euskadi drivers
Fortec Motorsport drivers
Super Nova Racing drivers
ISR Racing drivers
Mercado de Sonora ( Sonora Market ) is a city-established traditional market , located just southeast of the historic center of Mexico City in the Colonia Merced Balbuena neighborhood . It was established in the 1950s with a number of other similar institutions in order to help regulate retail commerce in the city . This market has specialized in a variety of merchandise such as pottery , party items , and live animals — and the two which make it notable , herbal medicine and items related to magic and the occult .
Establishment
Mercado de Sonora was one of a number of mercados públicos or public markets established by the city government in the 1950s , along with others such as Mercado Jamaica and the La Merced market . It is part of a number of mercados públicos or public markets established by the government to better organize and regulate retail commerce . It is derived from the pre-Hispanic tianguis or street market tradition , which still continues . It was originally set up with a large parking area for cars , but over time this space dwindled as the market grew . The official opening of the market was in 1957 . For the market 's 50th anniversary in 2007 , there was a large party with actor Edith González as special guest . The event also included mariachis and a limpia or cleansing to rid the establishment of any negative energy .
The facility
The market is located in the Colonia Merced Balbuena neighborhood of the Venustiano Carranza borough . This site is traditionally commercial , located near an old fire station . The area used to contain exclusively narrow , haphazard streets , but around the same time as the market , a number of main thoroughfares ( called ejes ) were built and now surround most of the complex . However , the areas behind the market still contain the old , narrow streets .
The building consists of a single large nave mostly constructed of metal . Inside , there are a number of narrow aisles containing stalls owned or rented by individual merchants . Most merchants are grouped by the type of merchandise they sell , such as party supplies , dishes , and pets . What little parking lot is left is filled by street vendors . On Saturday , when the market is busiest , these vendors overflow from the parking lot onto the surrounding narrow streets . These and various trucks and other vehicles block traffic , effectively closing the streets . The scene is noisy , filled with shouts of vendors and music blaring from stands selling CDs . However , this is also the time to find the widest variety of merchandise , such as nopal cactus and fresh corn from Milpa Alta , flower pots and soil from Xochimilco , and medicinal herbs from Puebla , Morelos and the State of Mexico .
However , the mass of street peddlers outside and the lack of maintenance of the building proper has deteriorated the condition of the market greatly . The peddlers nearly hide the market proper and promote a lack of security and cleanliness . The building also has not been well maintained since it was built . The lack of maintenance has led to leaky roofs , ramps and floors in very poor condition and problems with hygiene . Market representatives state that this problem are mostly due to corruption of borough authorities , who are also known to extort money from market merchants . There have been attempts to clear the street vendors from the parking areas of the market , with the last sweep occurring in 2002 .
Medicinal herbs and magical items
What makes this market different and famous are the aisles dedicated to medicinal plants , magic and the occult , which are only two located in the back of the large nave . This part of the market attracts customers from most socioeconomic levels , as well as tourists . as it is promoted in various guide books . The two types of products , herbal medicines and magical/occult items , are not completely separate , as for centuries traditional Mexican herbal medicine has been strongly linked with religious and magic practices . The variety of medicinal plants sold is vast and include avocado leaves for inflammations , chiranthodendron for the heart , jacaranda flowers for the stomach and more . There is also dried rattlesnake , which is considered a medicine against cancer , dried skunk to “ strengthen the blood , ” and starfish . Plant items more strongly associated with magic and religion include crosses of ocote wood for good luck , chains of garlic to ward off evil and a seed called `` deer 's eye '' to protect against the “ evil eye . ”
The market sells occult items related to magic ( white and black ) , pre-Hispanic religious and magical traditions , Santería , the cult of Santa Muerte , shamanism , and various others which demonstrate the syncretism of beliefs and practices that exist in the city . The market is one of the city 's centers for practices related to Santería and the worship of Santa Muerte . It is estimated that 2,000 people each weekend come to the market specifically for this section of the market . Items for sale include amulets , horseshoes , candles in a wide variety of sizes , shapes and colors , with many of the colors have very specific functions , gold dust , black salt , powders of unknown ingredients , water of Saint Ignatius-to ward off unwanted attention , aromatic lotions and soaps , many of which are related to love spells and more .
The most popular items are those related to love . There are candles , oils , amulets , soaps , needles , lotions , tobacco , herbs , and services such as spell casting and cleansings all geared to finding , keeping or recovering love . Products have names such as atrapahombres ( trap men ) , ven a mi ( come to me ) , miel de amor ( honey of love ) and Amansa guapos ( tame handsome men ) . Most are related to ritual use of some kind , even as simple as burning a candle . Others are more complex with a mix of occult and standard religious practice . As late as the 1990s , before medical abortion was legalized in Mexico City , one herbal remedy sought in the market was one to promote the termination of a pregnancy . Those who sold it did not give the treatment , rather they instructed the client what to use and how . The client was responsible for preparing the mixtures and taking them in order to take on the medical and legal risks onto themselves . Medical risks were serious as the treatment always led to excessive hemorrhaging which would require medical attention . During the H1N1 flu scare in 2009 , business fell at the market about 50 % . However , for herbal medicine sellers , demand for a 10-herb blend designed to prevent and treat the flu kept a number of vendors solvent . The remedy includes eucalyptus , bougainvillea and tejocote fruit , selling for 80 pesos per kilo . During the same time period , merchants selling Santa Muerte paraphernalia reported selling a significant number of white dresses for the images , as the color is associated with health and purity .
Cartonería , Day of the Dead , Judas and alebrijes
Mercado de Sonora is one of the traditional markets for purchasing items related to Day of the Dead in Mexico City on 2 November . During this time , the aisles fill with items such as sugar skulls , papel picado ( crepe paper cut into designs and hung like flags ) , representations of skeletons and more . There is Halloween influence as well , with items made to resemble witches , ghosts , Jack-o'-lanterns , etc .
The market and the area around it are also known for the making of large and small paper sculptures called cartonería . This is a tradition that goes back hundreds of years , creating figures and other decoration for use in community festivals . The busiest times for cartonería artists is Day of the Dead , when the demand for decorations , especially skeletons is highest , and Holy Week , when there is demand for the depiction of evil called “ Judas ” which is burned in effigy . The Judas figures are inspired by the disciple that betrayed Jesus , but traditionally is depicted as a devil . However , other unliked figures can also substitute . These include political figures , especially those who have been involved in a recent corruption scandal .
The best-known of the cartonería artists is the Linares family , which has been creating figures for five generations . For this family , like most others , it began as a seasonal occupation , but in the first half of the 20th century , Pedro Linares conceived of making fantastic monsters of cartonería which they called alebrijes . Over time , these creations became famous , culminating in international acclaim by the 1970s , and are in demand by collectors , galleries and museums . The craft inspired a similar one in Oaxaca , Linares ' home state , made with local wood and generally much smaller , but still fantastic creatures painted in bright patterns and bold designs . In 1990 , Linares received the distinguished National Award for Science and Art from the Mexican government . The Linares family continues to make alebrijes and more traditional figures in their workshops located just behind the Mercado de Sonora .
Other merchandise
The other aisles of the market are also dedicated to a number of specialties . Some areas are dedicated to pottery and dishes for everyday use , much of which is from the state of Guanajuato . These include plates , bowls , jars for atole , coffee cups , large platters and more . While traditional pottery still dominates , it is also interspersed with cheaper glass items as well . Another traditional area sells toys and party favors . Traditional wooden , cloth and clay toys can still be found , although they are slowly being replaced with cheaper plastic ones . These include dolls , tops , yo yos , cup-and-ball and many more . This area also carries party supplies such as hats , decorations and piñatas , mostly for children 's events . The area also contains costumes for children , such as animals like rabbits and bears as well as princesses and ballerinas . There are also traditional “ indito ” ( little Indian ) outfits mostly used in schools on Corpus Christi .
There is also a section that sells live animals , from baby chicks , puppies , kittens , toucans , parrots , hamsters , full grown roosters and hens , ducks , rabbits and various species of snakes . Animals also include exotic species , including some in danger of extinction , which has cause the police to raid the market . Eggs which can be hatched are also for sale for a number of species , including peacock .
References
Retail markets in Mexico City
Occult markets
Rinaldo Priora ( Turin , 12 October 1864 – 1942 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of still lifes and landscapes .
They studied in the Accademia Albertina and was a resident of Turin . Two still-lives were exhibited in Rome in 1883 . Among their other works are Bacche morte ; Farfalle morenti ; Sera ; Ruit-Horn , and Impressions . In 1885 , they completed Viottolo ai campi , Note grigie , Rustico ; in 1891 , they completed L'ora triste ; and finally in 1892 , Riva solitaria and Ultima luce . They were also a writer of art critiques .
References
1864 births
1942 deaths
Painters from Turin
Italian still life painters
19th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
20th-century Italian painters
Accademia Albertina alumni
19th-century Italian male artists
20th-century Italian male artists
Michelle Stuart ( born 1933 ) is an American multidisciplinary artist known for their sculpture , painting and environmental art . They are based in New York City .
Early life
Stuart was born in 1933 and they grew up in Los Angeles , California . After attending Chouinard Art Institute ( now the California Institute of the Arts ) , Stuart worked as a topological draftsperson . They worked in Mexico about 1951 as a studio assistant to Diego Rivera . They married Catalan artist José Bartoli in 1953 . They lived for 3 year in Paris , then moved to New York , where they have resided since 1957 .
Work
In the early phase of their career , Stuart drew inspiration from recently released photographs of the surface of the moon and saw parallels between their early rubbings and these lunar landscapes . This body of luminous monochromatic drawings brought land art into the gallery . During this time , Stuart investigated other means of addressing specific sites through their landworks or , as they term them , `` drawings in the landscape '' . In Niagara Gorge Path Relocated ( 1975 ) , the artist situated a 460-foot scroll of paper cascading down a large bank of the Niagara River Gorge at Art Park .
Throughout their career their art has figured in reviews of the work of women artists .
In the 1980s , Stuart shifted their focus . They embarked on a series of gridded paintings that introduced beeswax , seashells , blossoms , leaves and sand embedded in an encaustic surface . Stuart also created complex multi-media installations involving light and sound elements .
Them series titled Extinct ( 1993 ) was inspired by a Victorian-era album of leaves . For one work in the series , they revisited the grid formation , but this time placed a variety of dried plants within each compartment . During this time , Stuart also created the Seed Calendar drawings , which employ the grid to map the maturation stages of a seed .
Throughout their career , Stuart has also sought to manifest their love of literature and the writing process through a variety of strategies . In the early 70s , they began to create the Rock Book series , artworks that in their use of natural materials from specific sites might be considered alternative travel logs . These works take the form of tattered , bound journals made of earth rubbings . For example , in Homage to the Owl from Four Corners ( 1985 ) , earth , owl feathers , string and beeswax are brought together to form a book .
Stuart has published artists ' books , including The Fall ( 1976 ) , a book-length prose poem about keeping historical records and Butterflies and Moths ( 2006 ) .
Stuart currently lives and works in New York City and Amagansett , Long Island .
Exhibitions
Michelle Stuart has exhibited in Europe , Asia and the United States for more than thirty years . Selected exhibitions include : the Museum of Modern Art , New York ; the Museum of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles ; the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden , Washington , D.C. ; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art ; the Wadsworth Atheneum , Hartford ; the Art Museum of the Ateneum , Helsinki , Finland ; the Musée d'Arts de Toulon , France ; the American Academy of Arts & Letters ; Kunsthalle , Hamburg , Germany ; and the National Museum of Modern Art , Kyoto , Japan .
They have had one-person exhibits at the Walker Art Center , Minneapolis ; Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Cambridge , MA ; The Rose Art Museum , Waltham , MA ; the Gemeentemuseum Den Haag , Netherlands ; the Institute of Contemporary Arts , London ; Williams College Museum of Art , Williamstown , MA ; Centre d'Arts Plastique Contemporaines de Bourdeaux , France ; The Arts Club of Chicago ; Everson Museum of Art , Syracuse , NY ; Galerie Ueda and Ueda Warehouse Tokyo , Japan and individual galleries in both the United States and Europe . In 2013 , Stuart was the subject of a retrospective that focused on their drawing . It was organized by the Djanogly Art Gallery , University of Nottingham , UK , and travelled to the Santa Barbara Museum of Art , Santa Barbara , CA and the Parrish Art Museum , Watermill , NY .
In 2008 Stuart was part of a group exhibition called `` Decoys , Complexes and Triggers : Feminism and Land Art in the 1970s , '' at the SculptureCenter in Long Island City , New York other artists in this exhibit included Alice Adams , Alice Aycock , Lynda Benglis , Agnes Denes , Jackie Ferrara , Suzanne Harris , Nancy Holt , Mary Miss , and Jackie Winsor .
Stuart 's works were featured in Documenta VI , Kassel , Germany and in the American Biennial Pavilions in Seoul , Korea , and Cairo , Egypt .
Among their commissions are the grand lobby installation : Paradisi : A Garden Mural , at the Brooklyn Museum . Site sculptures include Starmarker and Star Chart : Constellations , in Wanas Sculpture Garden , Knislinge , Sweden ; Garden of Four Seasons , Scheide Music Center , Wooster , Ohio ; Garden of Four Seasons , a bronze/marble sculpture relief in Tochige , Japan and Tabula , a thirty-four-part marble relief at the New Stuyvesant High School in Battery Park , New York City , for which they won a New York City Art Commission Award for Design .
Collections
Selected collections include the Museum of Modern Art , New York ; The Museum of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles ; The Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago ; The Whitney Museum of American Art ; National Gallery of Art , Washington , D.C. ; Detroit Institute of Arts ; the Philadelphia Museum of Art ; the Brooklyn Museum ; the Menil Collection , Houston ; Albright-Knox Art Gallery , Buffalo ; Kaiser Wilhelm Museum , Krefeld ; Moderna Museet , Stockholm ; Musée d'Art de Toulon ; Parrish Art Museum , Southampton ; Allen Memorial Art Museum , Oberlin ; Museum of Contemporary Art , Sydney and the National Collection of Art , Canberra , Australia , among others . The selected private collections include those of Agnes Gund , Werner Kramarsky , Dorothy and Herbert Vogel , New York ; Jil Sander , Hamburg and the Ammann Collection , Zurich .
Awards
Stuart is a recipient of the CAPS Grant , New York State ( 1974 ) ; the Macdowell Colony Fellowship , Peterborough , New Hampshire ( 1974 ) ; National Endowment for the Arts Grant for Individual Artists ( 1974-1977 ; 1980 ) , Tamarind Institute grant ( 1974 ) ; New York Creative Artists Public Service grants in painting ( 1974 ) ; Guggenheim fellowship ( 1975 ) ; Finnish Art Association Fellowship , Helsinki ( 1985 ) ; Artists ' Fellowship , New York Foundation for the Arts ( 1987 ) ; New York City Art Commission Award , for excellence in design ( 1990 ) ; Purchase award , American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters ( 1992 ) ; and the Anonymous Was A Woman award , from Philanthropy Advisors , LLC ( 2017 ) .
Gallery
Bibliography
Alloway , Lawrence . `` Michelle Stuart : a Fabric of Significations '' Artforum , v10 , January 1974. pp64–65 .
———Michelle Stuart : An Illustrated Essay . New York : State University of New York at Oneonta , 1975 .
——— '' A Book Review '' Art-Rite magazine , # 14 , Winter , 1977 .
———Michelle Stuart : Voyages . Hillwood Art Gallery , LIU , NY 1985 .
Beal , Graham W. J. Michelle Stuart : Place and Time . Minneapolis : Walker Art Center , 1983 .
———Second Sight Biennial IV . San Francisco : Museum of Modern Art , 1986 .
Casey , Edward S. Earth Mapping : Artists Reshaping Landscape . Minneapolis : University of Minnesota Press , 2005 .
Cullen , Deborah . `` Strategies of Narration , Fifth International Cairo Biennale '' in Arts in America , USIA , 1994 .
Foreman , Richard . Natural Histories . Santa Fe : Bellas Artes , 1996 .
Gregg , Gail . `` Natural Selection Studio '' . ARTnews , March 1999. pp . 98–99 .
Hobbs , Robert . `` Michelle Stuart : Atavism , Geomythology and Zen '' . Womanart , vol . 1 , no.4 Spring-Summer 1977 .
———Michelle Stuart , Cambridge : Massachusetts Institute of Technology , 1977 .
Lippard , Lucy R. From the Center , New York : E. P. Dutton , 1976 .
——— '' Art Outdoors : In and Out of the Public Domain '' . Studio International , vol . 193 , no . 2 , Mar.-Apr . 1977 .
——— '' A New Landscape Art '' , MS Magazine , Apr . 1977 .
——— '' Quite Contrary : Body , Nature , and Ritual in Women 's Art '' , Chrysalis , # 2 , Los Angeles , CA , 1977 .
——— '' Surprises : An Anthological Introduction to Some Women Artists ' Books '' , Chrysalis , No.5 , Los Angeles , CA , 1977 .
———Strata : Nancy Graves , Eva Hesse , Michelle Stuart , Jackie Winsor . Vancouver : Vancouver Art Gallery , 1977 .
———Michelle Stuart : From the Silent Garden , ( Introduction ) Williamstown , MA : Williams College , 1979 .
Lovelace , Carey . `` Michelle Stuart 's Silent Gardens '' Arts Magazine , September 1988. pp77–79 .
Munro , Eleanor . Originals : American Women Artists . New York : Simon and Schuster , 1979 .
Stoops , Susan . Silent Gardens-the American Landscape . Waltham , MA : Rose Art Museum ( Brandeis University ) , 1988 .
———Ashes in Arcadia . Waltham , MA : Rose Art Museum ( Brandeis University ) , 1988 .
——— '' Michelle Stuart : A Personal Archeology '' , Woman 's Art Journal , vol . 14 , # 2 , Fall 1993-Winter 1994. pp . 17–21 .
———More Than Minimal : Feminism and Abstraction in the 1970s , Waltham , MA : Rose Art Museum ( Brandeis University ) , 1996 .
Robert Storr . On the Edge : Contemporary Art from the Werner and Elaine Dannheiser Collection , New York : The Museum of Modern Art , 1997 .
Ruzicka , Joseph . `` Essential Light : The Skies of Michelle Stuart '' , Art in America , June 2000. pp . 86–89 .
Varnedoe , Kirk . Primitivism in 20th Century Art : Affinity of the Tribal and the Modern . New York : Museum of Modern Art , 1984 .
Westfall , Stephen . `` Melancholy Mapping '' Art in America , February 1987. pp 104–9 .
References
External links
Oral history interview with Michelle Stuart , 2015 November 3-2017 May 23 , Archives of American Art , Smithsonian Institution
1933 births
Living people
People from Amagansett , New York
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American women artists
California Institute of the Arts alumni
Chouinard Art Institute alumni
The Scarisbrick Baronetcy , of Greaves Hall in the Parish of North Meols in the County Palatine of Lancaster , was a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom . It was created on 17 July 1909 for the Liberal politician Thomas Scarisbrick . They were the son of Sir Charles Scarisbrick , Mayor of Southport . The title became extinct on the death of the second Baronet in 1955 .
The family seat was Scarisbrick Hall , Scarisbrick , Lancashire .
Scarisbrick baronets , of Greaves Hall ( 1909 )
Sir Thomas Talbot Leyland Scarisbrick , 1st Baronet ( 1874–1933 )
Sir Everard Talbot Scarisbrick , 2nd Baronet ( 1896–1955 )
Arms
References
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
The Independent Election Commission of Afghanistan ( IEC ) was the national electoral commission of Afghanistan , which was responsible for administering and supervising elections and referenda under the Constitution of Afghanistan .
The commission was established in 2006 . It was dissolved by the Taliban regime in December 2021 .
In March 2014 , the commission 's headquarters were attacked by the Taliban .
References
Afghanistan
Elections in Afghanistan
2021 disestablishments in Afghanistan
2006 establishments in Afghanistan
Louis Antoine Sophie de Vignerot du Plessis , 4th Duke of Richelieu ( 4 February 1736 – 1791 ) , was a French nobleman and general . They were known by the courtesy title of Duke of Fronsac before 1788 . They also held the titles of Prince de Mortagne , Marquis du Pont-Courlay , Comte de Cosnac , Baron de Barbezieux , Baron de Coze and Baron de Saugeon .
Life and career
They were the son of Louis François Armand de Vignerot du Plessis ( 1696–1788 ) , 3rd Duke of Richelieu , Marshal of France and an expert courtier , and of Marie Élisabeth Sophie de Lorraine ( daughter of Anne Marie Joseph de Lorraine . Madame de Pompadour wished Antoine to marry their daughter , but their father avoided that demand by pretending that Antoine 's mother was a Princess of Lorraine ( much superior to the house of Richelieu ) and that they would thus need the permission of the head of that house ( Emperor Francis I ) for the marriage . Madame de Pompadour did not press their claims any further .
A first cousin was Marie Charlotte , Princess of Beauvau , wife of Charles Juste de Beauvau and daughter of the Duke of Bouillon .
They succeeded their father as a premier gentilhomme de la chambre to King Louis XVI , and later became a maréchal de camp and lieutenant général ( 1780 ) .
Marriage and issue
Their first marriage , on 25 February 1764 , was to Adélaïde de Hautefort . They had one child , Armand Emmanuel ( 1766–1822 ) .
Their second marriage , on 20 April 1776 , was to Marie-Antoinette de Galliffet . They had two children :
Armande Marie ( born 1777 ) , who became Marquise de Montcalm-Gozon
Armande Simplicie Gabrielle ( born 1778 ) , who became Marquise de Jumilhac
Ancestry
Bibliography
Evelyne Lever , Madame de Pompadour , collection tempus , Perrin , Paris , 2000
1736 births
1791 deaths
French generals
Louis
18th-century peers of France
Armanto Archimandritis ( born 12 August 1986 ) is a Cypriot cyclist .
Major results
Road
2014
1st National Road Race Championships
2016
National Road Championships
1st Road race
2nd Time trial
9th Hets Hatsafon
2017
3rd National Time Trial Championships
9th Road race , Games of the Small States of Europe
2018
3rd National Road Race Championships
2019
2nd National Road Race Championships
References
1986 births
Living people
Cypriot male cyclists
European Games competitors for Cyprus
Cyclists at the 2019 European Games
20th-century Cypriot people
21st-century Cypriot people
LaPrade Valley ( ) is a valley in the Cumulus Hills of Antarctica with steep rock walls and ice-covered floor , about long , extending north to McGregor Glacier , just west of Rougier Hill . It was named by the Texas Tech Shackleton Glacier Expedition ( 1964–65 ) for Kerby E. LaPrade , a graduate student at Texas Technological College , and a member of the expedition .
References
Valleys of the Ross Dependency
Dufek Coast
EDO Aircraft Corporation was an American aircraft manufacturing company known primarily for manufacturing pontoons for floatplanes .
History
The EDO Aircraft Corporation began operations on October 16 , 1925 in College Point , New York . Although its founder , Earl Dodge Osborne , had dreamed of building airplanes , their first successful product line was EDO floats . Because of a new innovative design , the use of aluminum rather than wood , and the scarcity of hard-surfaced runways in the 1920s , demand built quickly for the floats . With the outbreak of World War II , the company 's focus shifted , and EDO began to provide subassemblies for military aircraft of the U.S . Naval Air Corps , U.S. Army Air Forces , and foreign air forces . This shift in emphasis led to the company 's being renamed the EDO Corporation in November 1947 .
EDO built a factory in 1940 on Long Island , designed by the NYC firm of Malmfeldt , Adams & Prentice . Construction cost was $ 305,000 .
EDO-Aire
In June 1950 , Ray Erwin ( died 1961 ) founded the Erwin Sales Company . On 1 March 1952 its operations were reorganized as Garwin Inc. , whose business was rebuilding aircraft instruments and accessories . By late 1952 it was also manufacturing its own instruments .
In 1963 it became Garwin-Carruth Inc . In 1966 it was sold to Weston Instruments . By 1966 it was marketing throughout South America and Europe as well as the United States .
In 1969 , EDO Corporation purchased the Wichita Division of the Weston Instrument Company . In 1969 EDO also purchased control of Electronic Equipment Engineering , Inc. of Dallas , Texas . EEE designed and produced radio/audio control equipment for long-range aircraft . EEE was moved to Wichita in 1970 . The consolidated company was named EDO-Aire .
By the 1980s , the light aircraft industry was in a prolonged deep slump . Annual production had shrunk from over 12,000 units to around 1,600 . In 1982 , EDO Aircraft Corporation made a business decision to divest itself of the EDO-Aire Group , ending a 60–year presence in the aviation industry . In April 1983 , four former directors of EDO-Aire Wichita formed Sigma Tek , Inc. and purchased the assets of EDO-Aire Wichita from EDO Corporation ( the deal was finalized on 25 May 1983 ) .
A Wichita Kansas aviation services company , Sigma Tek , was founded in 1983 after its principals had been employed by EDO Corporation .
EDO floats
EDO earned its original fame as the world 's principal producer of pontoon floats for aircraft , starting before World War II . EDO floats were developed for the most popular aircraft , ranging from Piper Cubs to the Douglas C-47 . EDO 's leadership in this field continued well into the 1970s , when it began to get significant competition from Wipaire and their Wipline floats .
The Kenmore Air Company , a small transportation company founded in the Seattle Washington area after World War II , soon augmented its charter operations with maintenance , sales and restoration work . It acquired the sales rights for EDO floats in the northwestern US . As EDO Corporation began moving to divest itself of its aircraft-related affiliations in the 1980s , it sold the name and rights of EDO floats to Kenmore .
Products
EDO floats
1925 EDO B monoplane
Edo Malolo flying boat
Edo OSE floatplane
References
External links
Long Island Technology Hall of Fame
Aircraft component manufacturers
Defunct aircraft manufacturers of the United States
Defunct manufacturing companies based in New York City
Manufacturing companies established in 1925
Laurin Dewey Woodworth ( September 10 , 1837 – March 13 , 1897 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio and member of the Woodworth political family .
Biography
Education
Woodworth was born in Windham , Ohio , Woodworth attended the common schools , Windham ( Ohio ) Academy , Hiram ( Ohio ) College , and the Ohio State University at Columbus , Ohio . They studied law at Union Law College , Cleveland , Ohio .
They were admitted to the bar in 1859 and commenced practice in Ravenna , Ohio .
Public Service
They served as member of the Portage County Board of School Examiners . During the American Civil War , they served in the Union Army as major of the One Hundred and Fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantries from July 1862 to December 1862 . They moved to Youngstown , Ohio , in 1864 and resumed the practice of law .
Woodworth was elected to the State senate in 1867 . They were reelected in 1869 and served as president pro tempore . Woodworth was elected as a Republican to the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Congresses ( March 4 , 1873 – March 3 , 1877 ) . They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1876 to the Forty-fifth Congress , losing to future U.S. President William McKinley .
They continued the practice of law in Youngstown , Ohio , until their death there on March 13 , 1897 . They were interred in Windham Cemetery , Windham , Ohio .
References
Retrieved on 2008-10-18
External links
1837 births
1897 deaths
Ohio State University alumni
Hiram College alumni
People from Ravenna , Ohio
Politicians from Youngstown , Ohio
Union Army officers
Ohio state senators
Laurin
19th-century American politicians
People from Windham , Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Loch of Swannay is the most northerly loch on the mainland of Orkney and lies within the parish of Birsay in the north west of the island . It is an elliptically shaped , freshwater loch and is close to the lochs of Hundland and Boardhouse . The grassland at the shore of the loch is the main feeding area for a wintering flock of rare Greenland white-fronted geese and the rare flat-stalked pondweed is found in the waters . Many varieties of birds use and nest in the loch including mute swans , skylarks , meadow pipits , twites , gulls and sedge warblers . It is also popular for trout fishing .
The loch was surveyed in 1906 by James Murray and later charted as part of the Bathymetrical Survey of Fresh-Water Lochs of Scotland 1897-1909 .
References
Swannay
Swannay
Swannay
Mainland , Orkney
Mictyris guinotae is a species of soldier crab of genus Mictyris , endemic to the Ryukyu Islands of Japan . They were named after Danièle Guinot , a professor at the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in France , and were first treated as a separate species in a tribute volume to Guinot .
Description
Mictyris guinotae has a well-defined subglobular body , slightly less wide than long , a relatively smooth carapace , and long thin legs . They range in color from pale to dark blue , with occasional pale pink variants ; they tend to be darker when they are younger and lighter when they are older . The adult male specimens observed had carapaces between 8 and 16 mm long ; adult female carapace lengths ranged from 6 to 14 mm .
Behavior
These crabs live in colonies of hundreds to hundreds of thousands of individuals , in flat lagoon areas of the islands they inhabit . In times of low tide , they form large swarms or `` armies '' that cross the lagoons en masse , while at high tide they remain under the sand . Their main natural predators are shore birds , and they are sensitive to bird shadows , moving quickly away from them .
Crab computing
The predictable behavior of these crabs has led them to be used to replace the billiard balls in billiard-ball computers . In these experiments , swarms of up to 40 crabs were herded down corridors by images of predatory bird shadows . When the configuration of the corridors caused two swarms to meet , they interacted in predictable ways , simulating the behavior of a reversible logic gate .
Related species
Mictyris guinotae crabs resemble another species of the same genus , Mictyris brevidactylus , identified by William Stimpson in 1858 and established as a separate species of Mictyris by Takeda in 1978 , and both species were formerly thought to be of the same species . However , M. guinotae is smaller , with slightly different coloring ; both types of crabs have light blue carapaces , but M. brevidactylus has red banding on its legs , whereas M. guinotae does not . Additionally , they differ genetically and in the shapes of the gonopods of the males .
References
Ocypodoidea
Crustaceans of Japan
Crustaceans described in 2010
Charles Abraham Halleck ( August 22 , 1900 – March 3 , 1986 ) was an American politician . They were the Republican leader of the United States House of Representatives from the second district of Indiana .
Early life and education
Halleck was born near DeMotte , in Jasper County , Indiana , the son of Abraham and Lura ( née Luce ) Halleck . They served in the infantry of the United States Army in World War I . After military service , Halleck attended Indiana University at Bloomington . In 1924 , Halleck was admitted to the bar and began practicing in Rensselaer , Indiana . From 1924 to 1934 , they were the prosecuting attorney for the 13th district court .
Career
In 1935 , Halleck was elected to fill the House vacancy created by the death of Congressman-elect Frederick Landis , and remained in that position until 1969 . A prominent member of the conservative coalition , they served as the House Majority Leader after the elections of 1946 and 1952 . They were House Minority Leader from 1959 to 1964 . As Minority Leader they were in charge of House Republicans
Halleck noted that a highlight of their career came at the 1940 Republican National Convention , when they nominated another person from Indiana , Wendell Willkie . Noting the mixed reception they got , Halleck said , `` I got more brickbats and more bouquets over that speech than any other I 've ever made . ''
In 1944 , even before Thomas Dewey was named as the Republican presidential nominee , Halleck , as the new chairperson of the National Republican Congressional Committee , addressed a party gathering in Chicago . They rejected the Democrat `` don't-change-horses-while-crossing-the-stream '' mantra and declared that a Republican president would retain George C. Marshall , Dwight Eisenhower , Douglas MacArthur , and William F. Halsey in their military positions . They attacked what they called the New Deal `` snooping into our ice boxes , '' a reference to the Office of Price Administration and rationing . Halleck said that Americans should `` live again as God meant us to live and not as some bureaucrat in Washington ... would like us to live . ''
According to Halleck , they were rumored to be Thomas Dewey 's vice-presidential nominee in Dewey 's second general election campaign in 1948 if Halleck guaranteed the support of the Indiana delegation at the 1948 Republican National Convention . In the end , Dewey selected the governor of California , Earl Warren . The Dewey-Warren ticket surprisingly narrowly lost that November , to the Democratic Truman-Barkley ticket .
In 1959 , with the declining popularity of Eisenhower enabling Democrats to maintain their hold on the House , Halleck parlayed their following among Congressional Republicans and the frequent public approval of Eisenhower and Richard Nixon into a successful challenge to the 20-year reign of Joseph W. Martin Jr. as the leader of House Republicans , beginning a three-term stint as the official Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives .
They were a strong opponent of the liberal social proposals of Democrats John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson but supported the Vietnam War and voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 , 1960 , 1964 , and 1968 , as well as the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . Along with Senator Everett Dirksen , they were the face of the Republican Party in most of the 1960s , and both made frequent appearances on television news and talk programs . The press jocularly nicknamed their joint appearances with Everett Dirksen as `` The Ev & Charlie Show . ''
After the heavy election setbacks of 1964 , Halleck was defeated in their bid to remain Minority Leader by Gerald Ford , who was the nominee of the Young Turks .
Legacy
In 1983 , U.S. President Ronald Reagan signed a bill renaming the Federal District Court building in Lafayette , Indiana , the Charles A. Halleck Federal Building .
The Charles Halleck Student Center at Saint Joseph 's College in Indiana was named after him . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016 .
Personal life
Halleck married Blanche Annetta White in 1927 , and they died in 1973 . They had two children , Charles W. and Patricia . Their son , Charles W. Halleck , became an attorney in Washington , D.C. , and was a judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia .
Death
Halleck died in Lafayette , Indiana , on March 3 , 1986 , and is buried next to their wife in Rensselaer .
In popular culture
Halleck was portrayed by actor Arthur Franz in the 1974 made-for-television film , The Missiles of October , a dramatization based on John F. Kennedy and the Cuban Missile Crisis .
References
Further reading
Peabody , Robert L. The Ford-Halleck Minority Leadership Contest 1966 ;
Scheele , Henry Z. Charlie Halleck : A Political Biography . Exposition Press , 1966 .
External links
1900 births
1986 deaths
Majority leaders of the United States House of Representatives
Indiana lawyers
American prosecutors
Indiana University Maurer School of Law alumni
United States Army soldiers
United States Army personnel of World War I
Old Right ( United States )
People from Rensselaer , Indiana
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Indiana
Nigel Clive Hadgkiss is a British-born Australian police officer and public servant , who was the Australian Building and Construction Commissioner until resigning on 13 September 2017 . They were previously an Assistant Commissioner with the Australian Federal Police and was the Director of Operations at the Wood Royal Commission into the New South Wales Police Force .
Early life
Hadgkiss was born in the Midlands of England into a working-class family consisting of Ida Olive and Cyril Lesley as well as two siblings by the name of Rosalind and Paul . Their father worked at the BSA Motorcycle factory in Birmingham . They were encouraged by their uncle to pursue a career in law , but gave up a university place in London to join the Royal Hong Kong Police Force . They served in Hong Kong for eight years , starting as a constable in the Tsim Sha Tsui district , and eventually investigating complex fraud in the Commercial Crime Bureau .
On a ship back to England for police training , Hadgkiss met Moira , an Adelaide-born nurse who returned with them to Hong Kong where they married . When their contract in Hong Kong expired , Hadgkiss applied to join the Australian Federal Police and the couple moved to Melbourne , Australia .
Education
Hadgkiss holds Bachelor of Laws ( LLB ) and Masters of Commerce ( MComm ) degrees from the University of New South Wales .
Career
Between 1994 and 1996 , Hadgkiss was the director of operations at the Wood Royal Commission into the New South Wales Police . Later that year , the Australian Federal Police promoted them to Assistant Commissioner .
In 1997 Hadgkiss was invited to Toronto to appear before a Royal Commission examining the wrongful conviction of a man for first degree murder , assisting the Commissioner in formulating recommendations to improve the administration of criminal justice in Ontario . In 1998 they were invited to York University , Toronto , as a visiting fellow to Canada 's largest law school , Osgoode Hall , for their 1999 winter semester . In May 1999 they presented seminars at All Souls College , Oxford University , and at the Inner Temple Hall of the Inner Temple Inn of Court , London .
From 2000 , Hadgkiss was the National Director Intelligence at the Australian Crime Commission ( formerly the National Crime Authority ) before serving as the Director of the Building Industry Taskforce . Hadgkiss was then appointed Deputy Commissioner of the Australian Building and Construction Commission ( ABCC ) where they were said to have bought a `` remarkable era of peace and productivity to the nation 's building sites '' according to the Australian Financial Review Magazine .
As a result of a recommendation contained within the Auditor-General 's March 2008 Report on the efficiency of the Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions ( ODPP ) , Hadgkiss was appointed Executive Director , Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions ( ODPP ) , NSW , following which they were the Director , Construction Code Compliance , Victorian Department of Treasury and Finance from March 2012 to October 2013 , and then appointed Director of Fair Work Building & Construction on 21 October 2013 .
Hadgkiss became Commissioner , ABCC following the reintroduction of the agency in December 2016 . Hadgkiss handed in their resignation in September 2017 following revelations that material distributed by their organisation suggested employers could make reasonable requests to stop union officials holding meetings in workplaces , however changes to the law meant the employer no longer had that right . Liberal senator Eric Abetz accused the union of `` seizing on a slip up '' as a distraction from issues within the union itself , adding `` That which Mr Hadgkiss is alleged to have done pales into absolute insignificance , it is literally in the parable , they are pointing out a little speck in Mr Hadgkiss 's eye '' .
Since 1996 Hadgkiss has been a member of the RMIT University 's Business Management Course Advisory Committee , a Board Member of the Australian Institute of Criminology ( 2000 ) , Chair of the Commonwealth 's Executive Leadership Group Victoria , a Board Member of the Industry Advisory Board for the Centre of Business Forensics at the University of Queensland , an Adjunct Professor with the University of Queensland 's Business School ( 2002 ) , and Chair of the Audit Committee of the Australian Institute of Criminology ( 2008 ) .
Honours
Between 1972 and 1998 , Hadgkiss received 15 commendations , including two from District Court Judges , three from Supreme Court Judges , and one from a Chief Justice .
Hadgkiss was made a Winston Churchill Fellow in 1989 , after which they spent five months in Northern Ireland , Italy , Switzerland , Germany , England , the United States of America and Canada studying Comparative Methods for Combating Organised Crime .
During their secondment to the Wood Royal Commission , Hadgkiss was awarded the Australian Police Medal ( APM ) for distinguished service in the 1995 Queen 's Birthday Honours List .
Hadgkiss was appointed as a Member of the Order of Australia ( AM ) in the Queen 's Birthday Honours List for 2019 . The citation reads , “ For significant service to the building and construction sector , to public administration , and to law enforcement . ”
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Australian businesspeople
Australian police officers
Hong Kong police officers
Recipients of the Australian Police Medal
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
English emigrants to Australia
People from Birmingham , West Midlands
Jeanette Margaret Gosney ( born 1958 ) is a British Anglican priest . Since 2020 , they have served as Archdeacon of Suffolk in the Diocese of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich . They were previously a chaplain , theological college tutor , and in parish ministry .
Ordained ministry
Gosney was ordained in the Church of England as a deacon in 1995 and as a priest in 1996 . They served their curacy at St Margaret 's Church , Ipswich between 1995 and 1998 . They then joined the Loughborough University where they were a chaplain in 1998 and senior chaplain from 1998 to 2001 . They moved into teaching , working as tutor in practical theology at Trinity College , Bristol , an evangelical Anglican theological college , between 2001 to 2004 . From 2004 to 2005 , they were chaplain of Repton School , an independent boarding school in Derbyshire . In November 2006 , they returned to parish ministry , having been appointed team vicar of a rural benefice in the Diocese of St Albans .
They were collated as archdeacon on 18 January 2020 during a service at St Michael 's Church , Framlingham , and then installed as a canon of St Edmundsbury Cathedral on 2 February 2020 .
Selected works
References
1958 births
Living people
Archdeacons of Suffolk
British chaplains
Anglican chaplains
University and college chaplains in the United Kingdom
People associated with Loughborough University
Staff of Trinity College , Bristol
The Last Blitzkrieg is a 1959 World War II film produced by Sam Katzman and filmed at Veluwe and the Cinetone Studios in Amsterdam for a Columbia Pictures release .
Arthur Dreifuss directed Van Johnson in a fictional account of the German Operation Greif during the Battle of the Bulge . Columbia contract stars Dick York and Kerwin Mathews also star in the film . Technical advisor to the film was Major John W. McClain who was a company commander with the 23rd Infantry . A novelisation of the screenplay was written by Walter Freeman .
Plot
Several American GIs plan an escape from a German prisoner-of-war camp . However , unknown to them , among them is a German , Lt. Hans von Kroner , known to them as Sgt . Richardson , who is spying on the prisoners , reporting their escape plans to the commandant and polishing up their American English . Reporting the escape plan to the Camp Commandant , Von Kroner is told they are being removed from the camp as part of a top secret project gathering all fluent English-speaking members of the Wehrmacht for an unstated reason . The prisoners ' plan fails and many die .
Von Kroner is sent to a German castle with others for Operation Greif ( called `` Operation OK Butch '' in the film ) , where they will dress in American uniforms and spearhead the Ardennes Offensive by committing sabotage , confusing enemy forces , and seizing key objectives for the attacking German forces . Assisting in the training , Von Kroner is assigned a team of three other men with various skills including a Waffen SS Officer , Wilitz , who regales their comrades with stories of their exploits in terrorizing unfortunates whilst a member of the Brown Shirts .
Von Kroner 's team 's activities and the initial German assault meet with success , but both soon run into unexpected difficulty . Von Kroner 's forged orders are countermanded by a decimated American infantry company of the 23rd Infantry that forces them into being replacements , while the bad weather that made the German assault successful ends , enabling American air power to attack the Germans . In their new unit , Von Kroner meets Sgt . Ludwig and Cpl . Ennis , whom they knew in the prisoner camp ; they say they were the only survivors of their escape , as the Germans knew about it and ambushed them .
Obtaining plans for an American counterattack against a strategic crossroads , Von Kroner warns the Germans by radio of the American attack but is ordered to stay with the Americans to ensure that the attack fails . Von Kroner 's team sabotage a jeep with a bomb , killing the company commander , and attempt to destroy the unit 's other vehicle , a weapons carrier , arousing Ludwig 's suspicion .
The company attacks a German position with Wilitz using the opportunity to shoot their lieutenant in the back , placing Ludwig in command . Several German prisoners are taken , and Richardson/Von Kroner volunteers to take them to Battalion headquarters . They return to tell their comrades that the prisoners did n't want to escape ; they wanted to surrender to the Americans with Von Kroner taking them in . A furious Wilitz insists that Von Kroner should have shot the lot of them .
With news of German infiltrators behind American lines spreading , Ludwig is further suspicious when Wilitz does n't know what the American `` hot foot '' is .
Cast
Van Johnson ... Lt. Hans von Kroner / Sgt . Leonard Richardson
Kerwin Mathews ... Wilitz
Dick York ... Plt . Sgt . Ludwig
Larry Storch ... Cpl . Ennis
Lise Bourdin ... Monique
Han Bentz van den Berg ... Major von Ruppel
Leon Askin ... Sgt . Steiner
Robert Boon ... Kirsch
Ton Van Duinhoven ... Hoffner
Gijsbert Tersteeg ... Colonel Eindorf
Brett Halsey ( billed as Montgomery Ford ) ... Capt . Levin
Charles Rosenblum ... Schwarz
Production
The film was shot in the Netherlands , in the Cinetone studios in Amsterdam and in the Veluwe forest between Apeldorn and Arhhem .
References
External links
1959 films
1959 war films
American black-and-white films
American war films
Columbia Pictures films
Films shot in the Netherlands
Western Front of World War II films
World War II spy films
American World War II films
Films set in castles
Films directed by Arthur Dreifuss
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
A water castle is a castle whose site is largely defended by water . It can be entirely surrounded by water-filled moats ( moated castle ) or natural waterbodies such as island castles in a river or offshore . The term comes from European castle studies , mainly German Burgenkunde , but is sometimes used in English-language popular science books and websites , and is mentioned in other more academic works . When stately homes were built in such a location , or a Wasserburg was later rebuilt as a residential manor , the German term becomes Wasserschloss , lit . `` water palace/manor '' .
Description
Forde-Johnston describes such a site as `` a castle in which water plays a prominent part in the defences . '' Apart from hindering attackers , an abundant supply of water was also an advantage during a siege . Topographically , such structures are a type of low-lying castle . Such a castle usually had only one entrance , which was via a drawbridge and that could be raised for protection in the event of an attack . To some extent these water castles had a fortress-like character .
There is a further distinction between :
castles that are protected by artificial water-filled moats or human-made ponds , i.e . moated castles
castles whose primary means of protection is from natural water bodies such as river courses , or which stand on islands or peninsulas in a natural marshland , pond , lake or sea . Island castles and marsh castles are such examples .
Legacy
In many places in Central Europe castles that had formerly been fortified changed their role or were converted over the course of time so that they became largely representational and residential buildings . The characteristic moats thus lost their original security function , but were retained in some cases as an element of landscaping . Today , in monument conservation circles , they are often described as burdensome , cost-intensive `` historic legacies '' because of the water damage caused to their foundations . As a result , many moats around castles in Germany have been drained , or more rarely filled , especially since the 1960s .
In Germany , the Wasserburgroute or `` Water Castle Route '' has been established in the triangle formed by the cities of Aachen , Bonn and Cologne which links 120 castles and palaces .
Examples
Austria
Franzensburg
Baltic
Āraiši ( Arrasch )
Trakai Island Castle
Belgium
Wijnendale Castle
Czech Republic
Blatná Castle
Červená Lhota Castle
Švihov Castle
Denmark
Egeskov Castle
Spøttrup Castle
Finland
Kajaani Castle
Olavinlinna
France
Please notice that in French `` '' , literally 'water castle ' , means water tower .
Château de la Mothe-Chandeniers
Germany
Baden-Württemberg
Bad Rappenau Water Castle
Inzlingen Castle
Bavaria
Brennhausen
Irmelshausen
Kleinbardorf
Mespelbrunn Castle
Berlin
Köpenick Palace
Spandau Citadel
Brandenburg
Plattenburg in the Prignitz
Bremen
Blomendal Castle
Schönebeck Palace
Hamburg
Bergedorf Palace
Hesse
Friedewald Water Castle in Friedewald
Fürstenau Palace near Steinbach
Lower Saxony
Fallersleben Castle
Hülsede Water Castle
Lütetsburg
Osterburg
Schelenburg
Wendhausen Castle
Wolfsburg Castle
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
Schwerin Castle
North Rhine-Westphalia
Benrath House in Düsseldorf
Burgau Castle
Darfeld Castle
Gimborn Castle
Haus Kemnade in Bochum
Morsbroich Castle in Leverkusen
Moyland Castle in Bedburg-Hau
Nordkirchen Palace
Rheydt Palace
Dyck Palace
Vischering Castle
Wilkinghege Water Castle in Münster
Wittringen Castle in Gladbeck
Rhineland-Palatinate
Alte Burg ( Boppard )
Alte Burg ( Koblenz )
Saarland
Gustavsburg in Homburg
Kerpen Castle near Illingen
Saxony
Moritzburg Castle
Hainewalde Water Castle
Saxony-Anhalt
Calvörde Castle
Köthen Castle
Reinharz Water Castle
Schleswig-Holstein
Eutin Castle
Glücksburg Castle
Thuringia
Kapellendorf Water Castle
Greece
Bourtzi
Methoni Castle
Hungary
Sárvár Castle
Tokaj Castle ( ruined )
Indonesia
Taman Sari Water Castle
Italy
Castello Estense
Castello di Sirmione
in a broad way , Venice Arsenal
Japan
Imabari Castle
Nakatsu Castle
Takamatsu Castle
Lebanon
Sidon Sea Castle
Netherlands
Cannenburgh Castle
Hoensbroek Castle
Muiderslot
Loevestein
Ammersoyen Castle
Kasteel Radboud
Brederode Castle
Portugal
Belém Tower
Slovakia
Parič Castle ( ruined )
Šintava Castle ( ruined )
Štítnik Water Castle
Vranov Castle ( vanished )
Slovenia
Otočec Castle
Sweden
Älvsborg Fortress
Bollerup
Dybäck Castle
Ellinge Castle
Gåsevadholm Castle
Gripsholm Castle
Häckeberga Castle
Hjularyd Castle
Kalmar Castle
Krageholm Castle
Krapperup Castle
Kronoberg Castle
Kulla Gunnarstorp Castle
Landskrona Citadel
Malmö Castle
Maltesholm Castle
Örebro Castle
Örup Castle
Osbyholm Castle
Skabersjö Castle
Stegeborg Castle
Strömsholm Palace
Tosterup Castle
Trolle-Ljungby Castle
Trolleholm Castle
Vadstena Castle
Vaxholm Fortress
Vegeholm Castle
Vibyholm Castle
Viderup Castle
Vittskövle Castle
Romania
Făgăraş Castle
Oradea fortress
Switzerland
Bottmingen Castle
Chillon Castle
Hagenwil Castle
Hallwyl Castle
Wörth Castle
Wyher Castle
Turkey
Kızkalesi ( castle ) , formerly Gramvoussa ( Greek ) and Gorygos ( Armenian )
United Kingdom
England
Bodiam Castle
Caister Castle
Herstmonceux Castle
Kenilworth Castle ( moat drained )
Leeds Castle
Scotland
Caerlaverock Castle
Castle Stalker
Eilean Donan
Wales
Caerphilly Castle
Beaumaris Castle
Notes
References
Citations
General
Suffolk Institute of Archaeology and History ( 2005 ) . Proceedings of the Suffolk Institute of Archaeology and History , Vol . 41 , Part 1 . Suffolk Institute of Archaeology and History .
Fry , Plantagenet Somerset ( 1996 ) . Castles of Britain and Ireland : The Ultimate Reference Book . David & Charles .
Gothein , Marie Luise Schroeter and Walter P. Wright ( 2014 ) . A History of Garden Art . Cambridge : CUP .
Kaufmann , J. E. and H.W . Kaufmann ( 2004 ) The Medieval Fortress : Castles , Forts and Walled Cities of the Middle Ages . Cambridge , MA : Da Capo .
External links
Castles by type
Beverly Archer ( born July 19 , 1948 ) is an American actor who is perhaps best known for their television roles as Iola Boylen on Mama 's Family and as Gunnery Sgt . Alva Bricker on Major Dad .
Career
They appeared in other programs such as The Young and the Restless , ALF , and the movie Project : ALF , along with many other guest appearances . They also wrote three ALF episodes . They played a thieving teacher in The Brady Bunch Movie , who was caught by Bobby Brady . They also appeared in two episodes of Married ... with Children as Miss Hardaway , a sexually repressed librarian and abstinence counselor who is in love with Bud .
They also appeared in a 1994 episode of Full House , where they played the role of an unsympathetic SAT test monitor . They made guest appearances on episodes of Grace Under Fire , Family Ties and The Fall Guy . They portrayed Nancy Walker 's daughter in The Nancy Walker Show . Aside from acting , Archer wrote episodes for both Mama 's Family and ALF .
They appeared in a 1987 episode of Rosie , where they played the role of Kate Boston the former student at Peachtree Academy . They retired from acting in 2002 .
References
External links
Place of birth missing ( living people )
1948 births
Living people
American film actores
American soap opera actores
American television writers
American women television writers
Actresses from California
San Francisco State University alumni
University of California , Santa Barbara alumni
20th-century American actores
Actors from Oak Park , Illinois
Actresses from Illinois
Screenwriters from Illinois
21st-century American women
The World University Service ( WUS ) is an international organisation founded in 1920 in Vienna as an offshoot of the World Student Christian Federation to meet the needs of students and academics in the aftermath of World War I . After World War II , it merged with European Student Relief to become International Student Service and eventually as WUS in the 1950s . In the 1970s it began to focus on campaigning for educational rights for the disadvantaged .
References
Further reading
Thompson , Mary , A . ( 1982 ) Unofficial Ambassadors : The Story of International Student Service . International Student Service .
External links
WUS country list
Catalogue of the WUS archives , held at the Modern Records Centre , University of Warwick
Student organizations established in 1920
International student organizations
Sigal Bujman is a filmmaker who co-created the original travel series Fantastic Festivals of the World ( 2003-2010 ) . Fantastic Festivals of the World was broadcast internationally on the Travel Channel and Discovery Network . Sigal writes , directs and produces documentaries since 2000 . They partnered with Marc Pingry in 2002 . Them work is published on PBS , National Geographic and Discovery Channels .
Them work as a director and co-producer includes :
Vitch ( 2017 )
The History of China ( two episodes , 2014 )
Papa Boss - ( 2013 )
Koxinga - A Hero 's Legacy ( 2012 )
Fantastic Festivals of the World series ( 2003-2010 )
Haifa - The Silenced Voices ( 2001 )
Born in Kibbutz Saar , Israel , Sigal currently lives in Seattle , USA , with their husband and two children .
References
External links
Aaron Sorkin , Jewish themes on deck for Mill Valley Film Fest
Sigal Bujman
The Magic of Hong Kong
Awards | SFF
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Israeli documentary filmmakers
The Men 's 200 metre breaststroke competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 22 and 23 June 2022 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world and championship records were as follows .
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 22 June at 09:50 .
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 22 June at 18:45 .
Final
The final was held on 23 June at 19:28 .
References
Men 's 200 metre breaststroke
Scotch Run may refer to :
Scotch Run ( Black Creek ) , a stream in Luzerne County , Pennsylvania
Scotch Run ( Catawissa Creek ) , a stream in Columbia County , Pennsylvania
See also
Scotch Creek ( disambiguation )
Eddie Smith ( born February 8 , 1984 ) is an American baseball coach who is currently the head coach at Utah Valley University , a role they have held since 2021 . They were previously the hitting coach at Louisiana State University , where they earned the reputation of being one of the top hitting coaches in college baseball .
Head coaching record
College
Junior college
References
External links
Utah Valley profile
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Olympia , Washington
Baseball players from Washington ( state )
Baseball coaches from Washington ( state )
Baseball infielders
Centralia Trailblazers baseball players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish baseball players
Virginia Cavaliers baseball coaches
Santa Clara Broncos baseball coaches
Notre Dame Fighting Irish baseball coaches
Lower Columbia Red Devils baseball coaches
Tulane Green Wave baseball coaches
LSU Tigers baseball coaches
Utah Valley Wolverines baseball coaches
SmartLink was the trademark name for a proprietary technology by Sharp Corporation for wireless transmission of television signals . The system involved two devices , each a little bit bigger than a paperback book : one attached to a television screen and the other was hooked up to a TV tuner , DVD player , or any playback device . The video information was transmitted wirelessly using the 802.11b wireless standard , allowing the playback device to be up to away from the television screen .
The SmartLink system was to go on sale in Japan on August 3 , 2001 , at a list price of $ 400 ( present day US dollars ) .
SmartLink was incorporated into Sharp 's Wireless AQUOS television , model LC-15L1U-S .
References
Television technology
Neoperla darlingi is a species of insect in the family Perlidae . It is endemic to Borneo and is only known from an adult male specimen collected at Gunung Palung National Park . It has a yellow brown colour and a uniformly pale brown head ; its wings are composed of a transparent membrane with brown venation and no distinctive markings . It was named after D.C . Darling , a curator of the Royal Ontario Museum who collected the holotype of this species .
References
Perlidae
Fauna of Borneo
Insects described in 2007
Insects of Indonesia
Charles Christopher Hill ( born March 4 , 1948 in Greensburg , Pennsylvania ) is an American artist and printmaker .
Hill lives and works in Los Angeles , California and was married to the late Victoria Blyth Hill , an art conservator . They have been artist in residence at Cité International Des Arts , Paris , France , at Chateau de La Napoule , La Napoule , France and at Eklisia , Gümüslük , Turkey ( 1994 ) .
Background
At the University of California , Irvine ( UCI ) , Hill studied with Ed Moses , Billy Al Bengston , and Vija Celmins , with classmates Chris Burden , Alexis Smith , Ned Evans , and Richard Newton . They earned an MFA degree from UCI in 1973 .
Early work
Hill had their first solo exhibitions in 1972 at Newspace Gallery and at Jack Glenn Gallery , both in Newport Beach , California , and has since established themselves as a Southern California painter . Hill has had solo exhibitions worldwide including exhibitions at the Galerie Krebs and the Galerie Maurer in Switzerland , at the Richard Demarco Gallery in Scotland ; at the Galleria Del Cavalinoi in Italy ; at the Galerie Baudoin Lebon in Paris ; at the Rocket Gallery in London , and throughout the United States .
Describing Hill 's early works from the 1970s in the Los Angeles Times , critic Sharon Mizota writes that the works are `` large , torn paper collages shot through with stitching . With their vibrant hues , and rough , distressed surfaces , they are at once sublime and down-home , flickering somewhere between Color Field painting and well-loved , homemade quilts . '' Susan C. Larsen , writing about Hill 's earlier newspaper-based work in ARTnews describes : '' work [ that ] presents crumbling , brightly colored , sensuous layers of weathered paper and canvas , which have been pasted and sewn together and then weathered , buried in the ground , soaked and otherwise endangered and enriched by processes of decay . '' Colin Gardner writes in February 1987 , of Hill 's transition to more formal painting : `` the artist has dabbled in paint and introduced a trademark vocabulary of crosses , X-shapes , fragmented checkerboards and grid patterns alluding to mathematical systems , patchwork quilts and modernist formalism . '' For Connie , from 1974 , in the collection of the Honolulu Museum of Art is an example of Hill 's early collages . It is made from paper , pigment , thread , dirt and gold leaf .
Recent work
`` In recent work , Hill has created paintings related to the sculptural works of Finish Fetish artist , Larry Bell [ and Peter Alexander ] . '' Hill paints bands across the canvas with perhaps fifty layers . They use a full color palette with a final application of red or black ; between each layer of paint they apply an acrylic varnish . The built-up layers of the two acrylic materials ( the varnish and the paint ) create a saturated , lustrous , glossy surface . Echoing the ideas behind the light and space / finish fetish movement the paintings play with light , environment , and special relationships .
Showing new paintings at Leslie Sacks Contemporary in Santa Monica , August 2012 , critic Peter Frank writes about Hill 's work in the Huffington Post : `` His current stripe paintings , as raw and obdurate as they are contained and minimized , inherited their stark contracts and slick but alluring surfaces from a twenty-year-old series engaging eccentric shapes . ''
In 2011 , Hill 's paintings were included in two significant museum exhibitions : Under the Big Black Sun : California Art , 1974-1981 , at the Museum of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles , and Best Kept Secret : UCI and the Development of Contemporary Art in Southern California 1964-1971 , at the Laguna Art Museum , Laguna , California , which were organized for the Getty Research Institute initiative : Pacific Standard Time ( PST ) . The Getty 's PST efforts encouraged Southern California art institutions to document and exhibit works significant in Los Angeles art history , 1945-1980 .
Selected collections
Hill 's work is included in many museum collections including :
The Albright–Knox Art Gallery ( Buffalo , New York ) , the Centre Georges Pompidou ( Paris ) , the Honolulu Museum of Art , the Los Angeles County Museum of Art , the Musée des Beaux-Arts d'Angers ( Angers , France ) , the Museum of Modern Art ( New York ) , the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum ( New York ) , and the Total Museum of Contemporary Art ( Seoul , Korea ) are among the public collections holding works by Charles Christopher Hill .
Selected exhibitions
2012 Charles Christopher Hill , Leslie Sacks Contemporary , Bergamot Station , Santa Monica , California
Charles Christopher Hill , Galerie Baudoin Lebon , Paris
“ California Abstract Painting 1952-2011 , Woodbury University , Burbank , California
2011 Charles Christopher Hill-Francis Limerat , Galerie Kandler , Toulouse , France
`` Under the Big Black Sun , '' California Art 1974-1981 , MOCA , Los Angeles , California , Pacific Standard Time exhibition
`` Best Kept Secret : UCI and the Development of Contemporary Art in Southern California 1964-1971 , '' Laguna Art Museum , Laguna Beach , California , Pacific Standard Time exhibition
`` Framing Abstraction : Mark , Symbol , Signifier , '' Los Angeles Municipal Art Gallery , Barnsdall Park
`` Proof : The Rise of Printmaking in Southern California , '' Norton Simon Museum of Art , Pasadena , California
2010 “ Outside the Box , '' Edition Jacob Samuel , Hammer Museum , Los Angeles , California
2009 “ Suivez la Ligne , ” Charles Christopher Hill-Francis Limerat , 212 Gallery Aspen , Colorado
2008 `` Over the edge '' , Charles Christopher Hill , Rocket Gallery , London , UK
Artist books
Hill , Charles Christopher and John Yau , Mon Alias Mona Lisa , published by Collectif Génération , Colombes , France , 1989
Hill , Charles Christopher and Kristine McKenna , The Smells of Summer '' , published by Jacob Samuel , Santa Monica , California , 1994
Awards
1976 New Talent Award , Los Angeles County Museum of Art ( Contemporary Arts Council ) , Los Angeles
Grant Recipient , National Endowment for the Arts , Washington , D.C .
1992 Grant Recipient , National Endowment for the Arts
References
External links
Hill 's work featured
Hill 's work featured
Hill 's work featured
( Video , Charles Christopher Hill and Francis Limerat , Interview in Paris , Claude Mossessian , February 2012 )
American contemporary artists
1948 births
Living people
Artists from Los Angeles
20th-century American artists
21st-century American artists
June Draude ( born March 17 , 1949 ) is a Canadian former provincial politician . They were the Saskatchewan Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan for the constituency of Kelvington-Wadena .
First elected in 1995 as a Liberal MLA , they joined the Saskatchewan Party caucus upon their formation in 1997 . Draude successfully defended their seat in the 1999 , 2003 , 2007 and 2011 Saskatchewan elections .
On November 21 , 2007 , Draude was appointed Minister of First Nations and Métis Relations and Minister for Northern Affairs under Premier Brad Wall . In a cabinet shuffle on May 29 , 2009 , Draude was appointed Provincial Secretary and Minister Responsible for the Crown Corporations , Saskatchewan Government Insurance , the Information Technology Office , and the Public Service Commission . In another cabinet shuffle on June 29 , 2010 , Draude was named Minister of Social Services and Minister Responsible for the Status of Women and the Public Service Commission .
During their fourth term in office , Draude had to repay $ 3,600 for a London-based car service they used for personal reasons while in the United Kingdom on government business .
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Saskatchewan
Women government ministers of Canada
Women MLAs in Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan Party MLAs
Saskatchewan Liberal Party MLAs
21st-century Canadian women politicians
21st-century Canadian politicians
Roald Glacier ( ) is a glacier which flows from the vicinity of Mount Noble and Mount Sladen eastward into Gibbon Bay , on the east coast of Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands . Chartered and named by the Norwegian whaling captain Petter Sorle in the period 1912–15 . Surveyed in 1948-49 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) .
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Glaciers of the South Orkney Islands
Aretha 's Gold is the greatest hits album by Aretha Franklin , released in 1969 at Atlantic Recording Corporation . The album 's tracks were recorded at Atlantic Studios , New York City , except `` I Never Loved a Man ( The Way I Love You ) '' and `` Do Right Woman , Do Right Man , '' which were recorded at the Fame Recording Studios , Muscle Shoals , Alabama .
The album was included in Robert Christgau 's `` Basic Record Library '' of 1950s and 1960s recordings , published in Christgau 's Record Guide : Rock Albums of the Seventies ( 1981 ) .
Track listing
Side One
`` I Never Loved a Man ( The Way I Love You ) '' ( Ronnie Shannon ) - 2:47
`` Do Right Woman , Do Right Man '' ( Dan Penn , Chips Moman ) - 3:15
`` Respect '' ( Otis Redding ) - 2:26
`` Dr. Feelgood '' ( Franklin , Ted White ) - 3:18
`` Baby , I Love You '' ( Ronnie Shannon ) - 2:39
`` ( You Make Me Feel Like ) A Natural Woman '' ( Gerry Goffin , Carole King & Jerry Wexler ) - 2:37
`` Chain of Fools '' ( Don Covay ) - 2:45
Side Two
`` ( Sweet Sweet Baby ) Since You 've Been Gone '' ( Franklin , White ) - 2:18
`` Ai n't No Way '' ( Carolyn Franklin , White ) - 4:12
`` Think '' ( Franklin , White ) - 2:15
`` You Send Me '' ( Sam Cooke ) - 2:25
`` The House That Jack Built '' ( Bob Lance , Fran Robins ) - 2:18
`` I Say a Little Prayer '' ( Burt Bacharach , Hal David ) - 3:30
`` See Saw '' ( Steve Cropper , Covay ) - 4:42
Personnel
Aretha Franklin – piano , vocals
Certifications
See also
List of number-one R & B albums of 1969 ( U.S . )
References
1969 greatest hits albums
Aretha Franklin compilation albums
Atlantic Records compilation albums
Atlantic Records albums
Costantino D'Orazio ( born 1974 in Rome ) is an Italian art critic and curator .
Expositions
D'Orazio worked on many exhibitions and artistic installations , including :
Mario Merz . Un segno nel Foro di Cesare ( Rome , 2003 )
Mimmo Paladino a Villa Pisani ( Villa Pisani , Stra , 2008 )
Intorno a Borromini ( Rome , 2009 )
Speranze & Dubbi . Arte giovane tra Italia e Libano ( Beirut , 2008 and Torino , 2009 )
I Classici del Contemporaneo ( Villa Pisani , Stra , 2009 )
Oliviero Rainaldi - Tutto Scorre ( Villa Pisani , Stra , 2011 ) .
Bibliography
References
1974 births
Living people
Italian art critics
Italian art curators
Abdelrahman Abdalla ( born 1 January 1994 ) is a Qatari handball player for El Jaish and the Qatari national team .
They participated at the 2017 World Men 's Handball Championship .
References
1994 births
Living people
Qatari male handball players
Vallot Glacier ( ) is a glacier flowing northwest to Laubeuf Fjord close south of Lewis Peaks , on Arrowsmith Peninsula in Graham Land . It was mapped by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) from surveys and air photos , 1948–59 , and was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) for Joseph Vallot , a French naturalist and glaciologist who first measured the surface velocity of a glacier over a long period , in Switzerland , 1891–99 .
Further reading
Jane G. Ferrigno , Alison J. Cook , Amy M. Mathie , Richard S. Williams , Jr. , Charles Swithinbank , Kevin M. Foley , Adrian J . Fox , Janet W. Thomson , and Jörn Sievers , Coastal-Change and Glaciological Map of the Larsen Ice Shelf Area , Antarctica : 1940–2005 , U.S. Geological Survey , Reston , Virginia : 2008
External links
Vallot Glacier on USGS website
Vallot Glacier on AADC website
Vallot Glacier on SCAR website
Vallot Glacier - distance calculator
References
Glaciers of Loubet Coast
`` Fast Life '' is the second single , twelfth overall , by Turkish–Belgian singer Hadise from their third studio album Fast Life .
Music video
Hadise shot the video and teamed up with Senol Korkmaz , who also shot the video for My Body . The video is about their fast life , you see them in a deluxe private jet , boat , car and in a helicopter .
The video begins with a shot of an aeroplane in the sky , and ending with hadise wrapping up their concert .
Track listings
Belgian - Single
`` Fast Life '' - 2:59
iTunes - Single
`` Fast Life '' - 2:59
`` Fast Life ( Cutee B Remix ) '' - 3:09
Release history
2009 singles
Hadise songs
English-language Belgian songs
2009 songs
EMI Records singles
Songs written by Hadise
Songs written by Yves Jongen
The 2016 FINA Men 's Youth Water Polo World Championships was held in Montenegro from 26 August to 3 September .
Qualified teams
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Play-off
Match 1
Match 2
Match 3
Match 4
Knockout stage
Placement matches
5th-8th places
9th-12th places
13th-19th places
16-19th places
Final ranking
External links
Official website
FINA website
2016 in Montenegrin sport
International water polo competitions hosted by Montenegro
Falls Creek is a small town south of Nowra , New South Wales in the Shoalhaven . It is situated on the Princes Highway .
References
http : //www.abc.net.au/news/2009-04-03/two-seriously-hurt-in-highway-crash/1640286
http : //falls-creek-nsw.post-code.net.au/
http : //www.everytrail.com/browse.php ? activity_id=6 & city=Falls+Creek & country=Australia & state=New+South+Wales
City of Shoalhaven
Naked is a 1986 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago released on the Japanese DIW label . It features performances by Lester Bowie , Joseph Jarman , Roscoe Mitchell , Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye .
Reception
Allmusic 's Stephen Cook describes the album as `` appealing without being especially challenging '' and `` a good introduction to the Art Ensemble of Chicago 's vast catalog '' .
Track listing
`` Dancer '' ( Moye ) - 2:14
`` Tobago Tango '' ( Bowie ) - 7:13
`` Flash 1 '' ( Art Ensemble of Chicago ) - 4:21
`` We Bop '' ( Bowie ) 6:07
`` Charm No . 10 '' ( Art Ensemble of Chicago ) - 3:13
`` RMR '' ( Jarman ) - 8:04
`` Galactic Landscape '' ( Art Ensemble of Chicago ) - 8:11
`` Way Way Down Yonder '' ( Favors ) - 9:03
Recorded November 25 & 26 , 1985 and July 25–27 , 1986 in Brooklyn
Personnel
Lester Bowie : trumpet , fluegelhorn
Malachi Favors Maghostut : bass , percussion instruments
Joseph Jarman : saxophones , clarinets , percussion instruments
Roscoe Mitchell : saxophones , clarinets , flute , percussion instruments
Don Moye : drums , percussion
References
1986 albums
DIW Records albums
Art Ensemble of Chicago albums
A Boltzmann machine ( also called Sherrington–Kirkpatrick model with external field or stochastic Ising–Lenz–Little model ) is a stochastic spin-glass model with an external field , i.e. , a Sherrington–Kirkpatrick model , that is a stochastic Ising Model . It is a statistical physics technique applied in the context of cognitive science . It is also classified as Markov random field .
Boltzmann machines are theoretically intriguing because of the locality and Hebbian nature of their training algorithm ( being trained by Hebb 's rule ) , and because of their parallelism and the resemblance of their dynamics to simple physical processes . Boltzmann machines with unconstrained connectivity have not been proven useful for practical problems in machine learning or inference , but if the connectivity is properly constrained , the learning can be made efficient enough to be useful for practical problems .
They are named after the Boltzmann distribution in statistical mechanics , which is used in their sampling function . They were heavily popularized and promoted by Geoffrey Hinton , Terry Sejnowski and Yann LeCun in cognitive sciences communities and in machine learning . As a more general class within machine learning these models are called `` energy based models '' ( EBM ) , because Hamiltonian of spin glasses are used as a starting point to define the learning task .
Structure
A Boltzmann machine , like a Sherrington–Kirkpatrick model , is a network of units with a total `` energy '' ( Hamiltonian ) defined for the overall network . Its units produce binary results . Boltzmann machine weights are stochastic . The global energy in a Boltzmann machine is identical in form to that of Hopfield networks and Ising models :
Where :
is the connection strength between unit and unit .
is the state , , of unit .
is the bias of unit in the global energy function . ( is the activation threshold for the unit . )
Often the weights are represented as a symmetric matrix with zeros along the diagonal .
Unit state probability
The difference in the global energy that results from a single unit equaling 0 ( off ) versus 1 ( on ) , written , assuming a symmetric matrix of weights , is given by :
This can be expressed as the difference of energies of two states :
Substituting the energy of each state with its relative probability according to the Boltzmann factor ( the property of a Boltzmann distribution that the energy of a state is proportional to the negative log probability of that state ) gives :
where is the Boltzmann constant and is absorbed into the artificial notion of temperature . We then rearrange terms and consider that the probabilities of the unit being on and off must sum to one :
Solving for , the probability that the -th unit is on gives :
where the scalar is referred to as the temperature of the system . This relation is the source of the logistic function found in probability expressions in variants of the Boltzmann machine .
Equilibrium state
The network runs by repeatedly choosing a unit and resetting its state . After running for long enough at a certain temperature , the probability of a global state of the network depends only upon that global state 's energy , according to a Boltzmann distribution , and not on the initial state from which the process was started . This means that log-probabilities of global states become linear in their energies . This relationship is true when the machine is `` at thermal equilibrium '' , meaning that the probability distribution of global states has converged . Running the network beginning from a high temperature , its temperature gradually decreases until reaching a thermal equilibrium at a lower temperature . It then may converge to a distribution where the energy level fluctuates around the global minimum . This process is called simulated annealing .
To train the network so that the chance it will converge to a global state according to an external distribution over these states , the weights must be set so that the global states with the highest probabilities get the lowest energies . This is done by training .
Training
The units in the Boltzmann machine are divided into 'visible ' units , V , and 'hidden ' units , H. The visible units are those that receive information from the 'environment ' , i.e . the training set is a set of binary vectors over the set V. The distribution over the training set is denoted .
The distribution over global states converges as the Boltzmann machine reaches thermal equilibrium . We denote this distribution , after we marginalize it over the hidden units , as .
Our goal is to approximate the `` real '' distribution using the produced by the machine . The similarity of the two distributions is measured by the Kullback–Leibler divergence , :
where the sum is over all the possible states of . is a function of the weights , since they determine the energy of a state , and the energy determines , as promised by the Boltzmann distribution . A gradient descent algorithm over , changes a given weight , by subtracting the partial derivative of with respect to the weight .
Boltzmann machine training involves two alternating phases . One is the `` positive '' phase where the visible units ' states are clamped to a particular binary state vector sampled from the training set ( according to ) . The other is the `` negative '' phase where the network is allowed to run freely , i.e . only the input nodes have their state determined by external data , but the output nodes are allowed to float . The gradient with respect to a given weight , , is given by the equation :
where :
is the probability that units i and j are both on when the machine is at equilibrium on the positive phase .
is the probability that units i and j are both on when the machine is at equilibrium on the negative phase .
denotes the learning rate
This result follows from the fact that at thermal equilibrium the probability of any global state when the network is free-running is given by the Boltzmann distribution .
This learning rule is biologically plausible because the only information needed to change the weights is provided by `` local '' information . That is , the connection ( synapse , biologically ) does not need information about anything other than the two neurons it connects . This is more biologically realistic than the information needed by a connection in many other neural network training algorithms , such as backpropagation .
The training of a Boltzmann machine does not use the EM algorithm , which is heavily used in machine learning . By minimizing the KL-divergence , it is equivalent to maximizing the log-likelihood of the data . Therefore , the training procedure performs gradient ascent on the log-likelihood of the observed data . This is in contrast to the EM algorithm , where the posterior distribution of the hidden nodes must be calculated before the maximization of the expected value of the complete data likelihood during the M-step .
Training the biases is similar , but uses only single node activity :
Problems
Theoretically the Boltzmann machine is a rather general computational medium . For instance , if trained on photographs , the machine would theoretically model the distribution of photographs , and could use that model to , for example , complete a partial photograph .
Unfortunately , Boltzmann machines experience a serious practical problem , namely that it seems to stop learning correctly when the machine is scaled up to anything larger than a trivial size . This is due to important effects , specifically :
the required time order to collect equilibrium statistics grows exponentially with the machine 's size , and with the magnitude of the connection strengths
connection strengths are more plastic when the connected units have activation probabilities intermediate between zero and one , leading to a so-called variance trap . The net effect is that noise causes the connection strengths to follow a random walk until the activities saturate .
Types
Restricted Boltzmann machine
Although learning is impractical in general Boltzmann machines , it can be made quite efficient in a restricted Boltzmann machine ( RBM ) which does not allow intralayer connections between hidden units and visible units , i.e . there is no connection between visible to visible and hidden to hidden units . After training one RBM , the activities of its hidden units can be treated as data for training a higher-level RBM . This method of stacking RBMs makes it possible to train many layers of hidden units efficiently and is one of the most common deep learning strategies . As each new layer is added the generative model improves .
An extension to the restricted Boltzmann machine allows using real valued data rather than binary data .
One example of a practical RBM application is in speech recognition .
Deep Boltzmann machine
A deep Boltzmann machine ( DBM ) is a type of binary pairwise Markov random field ( undirected probabilistic graphical model ) with multiple layers of hidden random variables . It is a network of symmetrically coupled stochastic binary units . It comprises a set of visible units and layers of hidden units . No connection links units of the same layer ( like RBM ) . For the , the probability assigned to vector is
where are the set of hidden units , and are the model parameters , representing visible-visible , visible-hidden and hidden-hidden interactions . In a DBN only the top two layers form a restricted Boltzmann machine ( which is an undirected graphical model ) , while lower layers form a directed generative model . In a DBM all layers are symmetric and undirected .
Like DBNs , DBMs can learn complex and abstract internal representations of the input in tasks such as object or speech recognition , using limited , labeled data to fine-tune the representations built using a large set of unlabeled sensory input data . However , unlike DBNs and deep convolutional neural networks , they pursue the inference and training procedure in both directions , bottom-up and top-down , which allow the DBM to better unveil the representations of the input structures .
However , the slow speed of DBMs limits their performance and functionality . Because exact maximum likelihood learning is intractable for DBMs , only approximate maximum likelihood learning is possible . Another option is to use mean-field inference to estimate data-dependent expectations and approximate the expected sufficient statistics by using Markov chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) . This approximate inference , which must be done for each test input , is about 25 to 50 times slower than a single bottom-up pass in DBMs . This makes joint optimization impractical for large data sets , and restricts the use of DBMs for tasks such as feature representation .
Spike-and-slab RBMs
The need for deep learning with real-valued inputs , as in Gaussian RBMs , led to the spike-and-slab RBM ( ssRBM ) , which models continuous-valued inputs with binary latent variables . Similar to basic RBMs and its variants , a spike-and-slab RBM is a bipartite graph , while like GRBMs , the visible units ( input ) are real-valued . The difference is in the hidden layer , where each hidden unit has a binary spike variable and a real-valued slab variable . A spike is a discrete probability mass at zero , while a slab is a density over continuous domain ; their mixture forms a prior .
An extension of ssRBM called µ-ssRBM provides extra modeling capacity using additional terms in the energy function . One of these terms enables the model to form a conditional distribution of the spike variables by marginalizing out the slab variables given an observation .
In Mathematics
Main articles : Gibbs measure and Log-linear model
In more general mathematical setting , the Boltzmann distribution is also known as the Gibbs measure . In statistics and machine learning it is called a log-linear model . In deep learning the Boltzmann distribution is used in the sampling distribution of stochastic neural networks such as the Boltzmann machine .
History
The Boltzmann machine is based on a spin-glass model of Sherrington-Kirkpatrick 's stochastic Ising Model .
The original contribution in applying such energy based models in cognitive science appeared in papers by Hinton and Sejnowski .
The seminal publication by John Hopfield connected physics and statistical mechanics , mentioning spin glasses .
The idea of applying the Ising model with annealed Gibbs sampling is present in Douglas Hofstadter 's Copycat project .
Similar ideas ( with a change of sign in the energy function ) are found in Paul Smolensky 's `` Harmony Theory '' .
The explicit analogy drawn with statistical mechanics in the Boltzmann Machine formulation led to the use of terminology borrowed from physics ( e.g. , `` energy '' rather than `` harmony '' ) , which became standard in the field . The widespread adoption of this terminology may have been encouraged by the fact that its use led to the adoption of a variety of concepts and methods from statistical mechanics . The various proposals to use simulated annealing for inference were apparently independent .
Ising models became considered to be a special case of Markov random fields , which find widespread application in linguistics , robotics , computer vision and artificial intelligence .
See also
Restricted Boltzmann machine
Helmholtz machine
Markov Random Field
Ising Model
Hopfield network
Learning rule that uses conditional `` local '' information can be derived from the reversed form of ,
.
References
https : //www.mis.mpg.de/preprints/2018/preprint2018_87.pdf
Further reading
External links
Scholarpedia article by Hinton about Boltzmann machines
Talk at Google by Geoffrey Hinton
Neural network architectures
Machine
Sunčane Skale 2015 was the 21st and the final edition of Sunčane Skale , an annual pop festival held in Montenegro .
Results
Nove zvijezde
Scoreboard
For the first time , there was a Facebook online voting . The song that got most Likes got 12 points .
Jury members :
Facebook voting - Boris Milivojević
- ?
- ?
- Aleksandar Belov
- Bojan Delić
- ?
- Elena Petreska
- ?
- Saša Mirković
- Isa Melikov
- Dušica Jakovljević
- ?
- Vanna
- Anita Popović
References
External links
Sunčane Skale
2015 in Montenegro
Svenska Cupen 1993–94 was the thirty-ninth season of the main Swedish football Cup . The competition started on 29 April 1993 and was concluded on 12 May 1994 with the Final held in Gamla Ullevi , Göteborg . IFK Norrköping won 4–3 ( golden goal ) against Helsingborgs IF before an attendance of 4,021 spectators .
Preliminary round 1
For other results see SFS-Bolletinen - Matcher i Svenska Cupen .
Preliminary round 2
For other results see SFS-Bolletinen - Matcher i Svenska Cupen .
First round
For other results see SFS-Bolletinen - Matcher i Svenska Cupen .
Second round
For other results see SFS-Bolletinen - Matcher i Svenska Cupen .
Third round
For other results see SFS-Bolletinen - Matcher i Svenska Cupen .
Fourth round
For other results see SFS-Bolletinen - Matcher i Svenska Cupen .
Fifth round
The 8 matches in this round were played between 22 and 30 September 1993 .
Quarter-finals
The 4 matches in this round were played between 6 and 20 October 1993 .
Semi-finals
The semi-finals were played on 27 and 28 April 1994 .
Final
The final was played on 12 May 1994 in Göteborg .
Footnotes
References
Svenska Cupen seasons
Cupen
Cupen
Robert Duane Loomis ( August 24 , 1926 – April 19 , 2020 ) was an American book editor who worked at Random House from 1957 until their retirement in 2011 . They have been called `` one of publishing 's hall of fame editors . ''
Many of Loomis 's authors had worked with them for decades , including Maya Angelou , who wrote 31 books under their editorship , beginning with their first autobiography , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings ( 1969 ) . Their authors ' loyalty to him , and theirs to them , was almost legendary . Loomis represented `` the classic mold of the editor '' and according to Random House , they `` embodied the ideal of an old-fashioned editor : understated , but uncanny ; polite , but persistent '' . As Angelou said , Loomis `` knows what I hope to achieve in all my work . I do n't know anybody as fierce , simply fierce , but he 's as tender as he 's tough . '' They were well known as a mentor to editors and writers in all areas of the publishing industry .
Other notable authors who have been edited by Loomis include Calvin Trillin , Edmund Morris ( who wrote Dutch , the `` controversial '' biography of US President Ronald Reagan ) , Shelby Foote , Jonathan Harr , and anchor Jim Lehrer . They edited the Vietnam war epic , A Bright Shining Lie , by Neil Sheehan , which won both the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award , and in 1998 , the novel they edited for Pete Dexter , Paris Trout , earned the National Book Award , `` an unprecedented feat in editing . ''
Loomis and author William Styron had known each other since they were both students at Duke University , where Loomis was Styron 's editor at Duke 's student magazine . Loomis went on to edit all of Styron 's books except Lie Down in Darkness , their first novel .
Personal life
Loomis was married to Hilary Mills , who wrote a biography about Norman Mailer . They were a certified pilot . Loomis died on April 19 , 2020 , in Stony Brook , New York , after a fall .
References
External links
Peter Osnos , `` Great Book Editors Are Not an Endangered Species '' , The Atlantic , May 24 , 2011 .
Dan Duray , `` Bob Loomis Talks Cerf And Turf Ahead Of Their Retirement '' , Observer , May 31 , 2011 .
American publishers ( people )
1926 births
2020 deaths
Custer County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 4,704 . The county seat is Westcliffe .
History
Custer County was created by the Colorado legislature on March 9 , 1877 , out of the southern half of Fremont County . It was named in honor of Lt . Colonel George Armstrong Custer , who had died the previous year . Originally set in Ula , the county seat moved to Rosita in 1878 , and to Silver Cliff in 1886 before settling in Westcliffe in 1928 .
The county was the site of a silver rush during the 1870s . Thousands of men poured into the county during this time in the hunt for silver . Some of the notable mines include the Geyser Mine ( on the north edge of the town of Silver Cliff ) , the Bassick Mine ( near the ghost town of Querida ) and the Bull Domingo ( north of Silver Cliff ) .
During the late 19th century a railroad line was connected through the Grape Creek Canyon but was permanently closed after a few disastrous floods . The old railhouse has been turned into a historical landmark in the town of Westcliffe .
After the mines were exhausted , the population dropped considerably and was replaced by cattle ranchers . An extensive system of irrigation ditches was built throughout the valley . Ranching in the Wet Mountain Valley continues to this day .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.2 % ) is water .
The county is very rugged and would be virtually inaccessible without roads . The lowest point of the county is around in elevation , but most of the county is rugged and mountainous . The county seat of Westcliffe is about and along with nearby town Silver Cliff lies in the Wet Mountain Valley which sits at the base of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains . The peaks of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains to the west reach heights in excess of with Crestone Peak being the highest at and 7th highest fourteener in Colorado .
A large percentage of the county is National Forest land in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains on the west side and in the Wet Mountains on the east . The only lake of size is the DeWeese Reservoir in the north end of the Wet Mountain Valley .
Adjacent counties
Fremont County - north
Pueblo County - east
Huerfano County - southeast
Saguache County - west
Major Highways
State Highway 67
State Highway 69
State Highway 78
State Highway 96
State Highway 165
National protected areas
San Isabel National Forest
Sangre de Cristo Wilderness
Frontier Pathways National Scenic and Historic Byway
Bicycle trails
TransAmerica Trail Bicycle Route
Western Express Bicycle Route
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 3,503 people , 1,480 households , and 1,077 families living in the county . The population density was 5 people per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . There were 2,989 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 95.89 % White , 0.37 % Black or African American , 1.11 % Native American , 0.29 % Asian , 0.71 % from other races , and 1.63 % from two or more races . 2.51 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 1,480 households , out of which 25.50 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 64.60 % were married couples living together , 5.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 27.20 % were non-families . 23.80 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 7.90 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.36 and the average family size was 2.77 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 22.50 % under the age of 18 , 4.50 % from 18 to 24 , 23.30 % from 25 to 44 , 35.00 % from 45 to 64 , and 14.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 45 years . For every 100 females there were 104.30 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 102.00 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 34,731 , and the median income for a family was $ 41,198 . Males had a median income of $ 32,460 versus $ 20,868 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,817 . About 9.80 % of families and 13.30 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.10 % of those under age 18 and 12.60 % of those age 65 or over .
Median household income ( adjusted for inflation ) dropped from $ 49,184 in 2009 to $ 32,261 in 2014 , which made the county the third worst performing county in this respect in the country .
Government
The county is governed by three county commissioners who are elected to 4-year terms with a term limit of two . In 2012 , the county was represented by :
-District 1 : Bill Canda ( Republican ) , serving from 2017 to 2018 . 1st term
-District 2 : Jay Printz ( Republican ) , serving from 2016 to 2020 . 1st term .
-District 3 : Tom Flower ( Republican ) , serving from 2017 to 2020 . 1st term .
There are several other public offices including Coroner , Sheriff , County Clerk and others .
Politics
Custer County is overall very conservative and heavily Republican . The most important election is not the general election , but the primary election between members of the Republican Party in August . During the 2004 presidential election , well over 60 % of Custer County voters voted for the Republican candidates including George W. Bush and Pete Coors .
Despite the surface appearance of a homogeneous political culture , there is considerable dispute among residents over planning . One segment of residents ( which includes ranchers ) would like to see the County preserved in its present state as a mountain paradise with its rural ranching culture , with strict limitation on development . Proponents are sometimes seen as `` anti-growth '' and `` anti-property rights . '' Another segment of the population would like to see less government and fewer restrictions on growth and development for the growth of business and the economy . Proponents are seen as `` anti-environment '' or `` anti-agriculture . ''
Communities
Towns
Silver Cliff
Westcliffe ( County seat )
Unincorporated communities
Cold Spring
Fairview
Greenwood
McKenzie Junction
San Isabel
Tanglewood Acres
Wetmore
Ghost towns
Colfax
Galena
Querida
Rosita
Ula
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Custer County , Colorado
References
External links
Custer County Government website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1877 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1877
Statistics of Superettan in season 2001 .
Overview
It was contested by 16 teams , and Kalmar FF won the championship .
League table
Season statistics
Top scorers
Top assists
Footnotes
References
Sweden - List of final tables ( Clas Glenning )
Superettan seasons
2
Sweden
Sweden
Coenraad Frederik `` Popeye '' Strydom ( 25 January 1932 – 31 March 2001 ) was a South Africa national rugby union team player . In all , Strydom made six appearances for the Springboks between 1955 and 1958 .
Their rugby nickname , Popeye , was often cited together with other colourful nicknames such as those of Piston van Wyk , Klippies Kritzinger , and Hempies du Toit .
Early life
Strydom was born in Kareedouw , South Africa and educated at Grey College .
Career
They started playing provincial rugby with Orange Free State in 1952 , and would later play for Eastern Province . Strydom also played baseball for these provinces .
Strydom made their international debut as a scrum-half for the Springboks against the British and Irish Lions in their 1955 tour . Strydom 's sole appearance in the four-match series came in the third test match in Pretoria — a match that South Africa lost 9–6 . Their next appearance for the Springboks came on the 1956 tour of Australia and New Zealand . Strydom took part in the first two Tests of the tour , a pair of victories over Australia in Sydney and Brisbane .
After winning the two test series against Australia , the Springboks travelled to New Zealand to compete in four tests . Strydom was selected to play in the first test , which was won by the All Blacks at Carisbrook , Dunedin . They were not selected again until the fourth test in Auckland , at which point the All Blacks held a 2–1 series lead . New Zealand , in front of 61,240 at Eden Park , won the game 11–5 to take the series .
Strydom played their final match for South Africa in the first test of France 's 1958 tour at Newlands Stadium , Cape Town . The game ended in a 3–3 draw .
Personal
Outside of rugby , Strydom worked as a building society clerk .
Strydom had a stroke in March 2001 , after which they slipped into a coma . A few days later they died , at the age of 69 , in Randburg . They were survived by their wife , June , and son , Anton .
References
1932 births
2001 deaths
People from Kou-Kamma Local Municipality
Afrikaner people
South African people of Dutch descent
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
Free State Cheetahs players
Rugby union players from the Eastern Cape
Rugby union scrum-halves
Jan Iversen ( 5 June 1916 – 25 August 1999 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
They served as a deputy representative in the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag during the term 1973–1977 .
On the local level Iversen was mayor of Frøya municipality from 1975 to 1979 .
References
1916 births
1999 deaths
Christian Democratic Party ( Norway ) politicians
Deputy members of the Storting
Mayors of Frøya , Sør-Trøndelag
The Water Coolers is a New York City–based music and comedy act performing original songs , sketch comedy and pop parodies about the daily challenges of modern life . The Water Coolers was created specifically for the meetings and events industry but has also successfully expanded to Off Broadway , licensed productions in various cities and theatrical touring dates .
The Water Coolers made its debut in New York City on September 30 , 2000 . An Off-Broadway version opened in 2002 .
Biography
Background
The Water Coolers is the creation of husband-and-wife team Thomas Michael Allen ( actor/writer , member of the Tony award winning Lehman Engle Musical Theater Workshop and co-creator of Tony N ' Tina 's Wedding ) and corporate consultant Sally Allen . In the summer of 2000 , they gathered a group of professional writers and friends in the corporate world to devise an act based on the dynamic of their own marriage : the union of music , comedy and business .
To Date
The Water Coolers made its debut appearance in New York City on September 30 , 2000 . In 2002 , they opened Off-Broadway for the fall season . During that time and since , the act has traveled around the country and the world doing both public theatrical performances and private corporate events . In 2009 and 2012 they received the Spotlight Award for Ensemble Entertainers of the Year , one of only 3 acts to win this award multiple times .
Current
In addition to Tom and Sally Allen , the team of writers currently consists of Joe Allen ( sales manager ) , Ray Bokhour ( lyricist ) , Dan Israel ( composter ) , Phoebe Kreutz ( lyricist ) , E. Andrew Sensenig ( investment banker , and former CEO ) , and Justin Warner ( lyricist ) . The actors in the revolving cast have appeared on and off Broadway , in television and radio commercials , in such TV shows as Law & Order , Rescue Me , General Hospital , All My Children , Harvey Birdman , Attorney at Law , The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien and in major comedy clubs and concert halls across the country .
Meetings and Events
The Water Coolers have performed nationally and internationally for such clients as AT & T , Sterling Jewelers , Microsoft , Kindred Healthcare , Choice Hotels , Lego , Honeywell , Cigna , Pitney Bowes , IBM , Express Script , and AFLAC . In 2014 , they introduced a keynote comedy show that outlines the keys to delivering a great performance .
Licensed Productions
Theatrical productions have been mounted in Chicago , Atlanta , Miami , and Rochester , NY .
Recordings
The Water Coolers : Original Off Broadway Cast Album
The Water Coolers Live ( Recorded at the Napa Valley Opera House )
Footnotes
External links
Official Website
YouTube
Facebook
American comedy troupes
Estelle Brodman ( 1914–2007 ) was an American medical librarian and medical historian . They held positions at Columbia University , the National Library of Medicine and the Washington University School of Medicine ( WUSM ) . Brodman served terms as director of the Special Libraries Association , president of the Medical Library Association , and editor of the Bulletin of the Medical Library Association . Under Brodman 's leadership , the library at WUSM became known as a leader in the use of computing machines to perform library functions .
Early life
Brodman was born in New York City on June 1 , 1914 . Them father , Henry Brodman , was a physician . Them mother was Nettie Sameth Brodman . They had one brother , Keeve , who became a psychiatrist . They described them as growing up in a `` culture of Talmudic scholars '' and said that there was an emphasis on intellectual pursuits in their family that influenced them for the rest of their career . Brodman said that they could not relate to those who did not enjoy learning new things .
Earning an undergraduate degree in histology and embryology from Cornell University , Brodman was hoping to go to medical school , but they were not accepted . They recalled with embarrassment that they had entered a library career almost inadvertently while having a quarrel with their mother . When their mother suggested becoming a social worker instead of a physician , Brodman snapped back sarcastically that they would rather become a librarian than a social worker . `` Since they were paying for it , that 's what I became , '' Brodman explained .
After earning a bachelor 's degree in library science from Columbia University in 1936 , Brodman began their career at the Columbia medical library while pursuing a master 's degree in library science . When Brodman was told that they could never become the head librarian at Columbia because they were a woman , they decided to begin work on a Ph.D. in the history of medicine at Columbia .
Career
Brodman taught courses in library science at Columbia and a nursing history course for nursing students at Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital . When one of Brodman 's library science students , Frank Bradway Rogers , became the head of the Army Medical Library ( later known as the National Library of Medicine ) , they asked Brodman to take a position there as an assistant reference librarian . Near the end of their time at the NLM , they worked to formulate the Medical Library Assistance Act , though it did not become legislation until several years after Brodman left the NLM .
At WUSM , Brodman became increasingly involved in using computers to increase automation of library functions . While computers were beginning to play a role in other university matters , there were not enough information technology staff members to meet the library 's goals , so Brodman had the library staff trained in some IT functions . As the university 's library utilized more technology , it began to host annual conferences on the use of computers for librarians .
After twelve years at the NLM , Brodman left to become Associate Professor of Medical History at the Washington University School of Medicine ( WUSM ) in 1961 . They had completed their Ph.D. in 1954 . Brodman was promoted to full professor by 1964 .
Based on their doctoral dissertation , Brodman wrote a book , The Development of Medical Bibliography , which became a standard reference in medical librarianship . They also authored several biographical papers on historical figures in medicine and they advocated for the development and expansion of the MLA 's oral history project . Brodman traveled abroad as a consultant and lecturer ; they taught librarianship at Japan 's Keio University and took a trip sponsored by the World Health Organization to evaluate family planning practices in India . They retired from WUSM in 1981 .
Much of Brodman 's published writing was inspired by manuscripts given to WUSM . The William Beaumont Papers , a collection donated to WUSM in 1915 by the granddaughter of army surgeon William Beaumont , spurred Brodman to write three papers on Beaumont and their work . The first , which discussed the relationship between Beaumont and Joseph Lovell , was published in the Bulletin of the History of Medicine . `` William Beaumont as a physician '' followed three years later in the Wisconsin Medical Journal , and `` William Beaumont and the transfer of biomedical information '' was published in Federation Proceedings in 1985 as part of a special series celebrating the 200th anniversary of Beaumont 's birth .
Service
Brodman served on several commissions and boards . From 1949 to 1952 , Brodman was director of the Special Libraries Association ( SLA ) ; before that , they had chaired the association 's Biological Sciences Group . In 1966 , President Lyndon B. Johnson established the National Advisory Commission on Libraries ( NACL ) to assess the role of libraries in the United States ; they appointed Brodman to the group . The NACL recommended the establishment of the National Commission on Libraries and Information Science . They served on the executive council of the American Association for the History of Medicine and chaired the Biomedical Communication Study Section of the National Institutes of Health . They also served extensively with the Medical Library Association ( MLA ) ; they were the editor of the Bulletin of the Medical Library Association , the predecessor to the Journal of the Medical Library Association , from 1947 to 1957 . They were president of the MLA in 1964-65 .
Honors and awards
In 1971 , the MLA honored Brodman with the Marcia C. Noyes Award , which `` recognizes a career that has resulted in lasting , outstanding contributions to medical librarianship '' . Brodman received the MLA 's Gottlieb Award ( now known as the Erich Meyerhoff Prize ) in 1977 in recognition of the best unpublished paper related to the history of medicine . They were awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Illinois . In 1981 , they received the SLA 's John Cotton Dana Award .
Later life
By 1985 , Brodman lived in a retirement village in Hightstown , New Jersey . In 1986 , the MLA created the Estelle Brodman Award to honor outstanding mid-career academic medical librarians . Brodman died of natural causes in New Jersey in 2007 .
References
1914 births
2007 deaths
Academic librarians
Cornell University alumni
Columbia University School of Library Service alumni
United States National Library of Medicine
Washington University School of Medicine faculty
Columbia University librarians
Academics from New York ( state )
People from Hightstown , New Jersey
Writers from New York City
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1975 . This was the 8th season of the NASL .
Overview
The league comprised 20 teams with the Tampa Bay Rowdies winning the championship .
Pelé joined the New York Cosmos in 1975 .
1975 was the first year the league used the term Soccer Bowl for their championship game .
Changes from the previous season
Rules changes
The 1975 season saw the removal of tie games . Matches that were level after 90 minutes would go to 15 minutes of sudden death overtime , and then onto penalty kicks if needed . It would not be until 2000 that a top-tier American soccer league would again allow matches to end in a draw .
New teams
Chicago Sting
Hartford Bicentennials
Portland Timbers
San Antonio Thunder
Tampa Bay Rowdies
Teams folding
None
Teams moving
None
Name changes
Toronto Metros to Toronto Metros-Croatia *
* after merger with Toronto Croatia of National Soccer League
Regular season
W = Wins , L = Losses , GF = Goals For , GA = Goals Against , PT= point system
6 points for a win ,
1 point for a shootout win ,
0 points for a loss ,
1 point for each regulation goal scored up to three per game .
-Premiers ( most points ) . -Other playoff teams .
NASL League Leaders
Scoring
* ( 2 points per goal , 1 per assist )
Goalkeeping
* ( 1,260 minutes minimum )
NASL All-Stars
Playoffs
All playoff games in all rounds including Soccer Bowl '75 were single game elimination match ups .
Bracket
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Soccer Bowl '75
1975 NASL Champions : Tampa Bay Rowdies
Post season awards
Most Valuable Player : Steve David , Miami
Coach of the year : John Sewell , St. Louis
Rookie of the year : Chris Bahr , Philadelphia
References
External links
Complete Results and Standings
North American Soccer League ( 1968–1984 ) seasons
1975 in American soccer leagues
1975 in Canadian soccer
Pello Bilbao López de Armentia ( born 25 February 1990 ) is a Spanish cyclist , who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Career
Caja Rural–Seguros RGA ( 2014–16 )
Bilbao joined for the 2014 season , after their previous team – – folded at the end of the 2013 season . In 2015 , Bilbao won the sixth stage of the Tour of Turkey , concluding their effort atop a steep climb .
Astana ( 2017–2019 )
They were named in the start list for the 2017 Giro d'Italia . They finished 10th overall in the Tour de Suisse , which was their first top 10 in a general classification in a major stage race .
Bilbao finished 7th overall at the 2018 Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana . Months later they finished 8th overall at the Tour of the Basque Country . They won stage 1 of the Tour of the Alps , therefore riding stage 2 in the leader 's jersey . They continued their great form at the Giro d'Italia , supporting Miguel Ángel López , and finishing 6th overall . Weeks later Bilbao won stage 6 of the Critérium du Dauphiné , which was their first World Tour victory .
In July 2019 , they were named in the startlist for the Tour de France .
Bahrain–McLaren ( 2020–present )
In October 2019 , it was announced that Bilbao was to join , later renamed as , for the 2020 season . They finished sixteenth at the 2020 Tour de France , before recording their best Grand Tour result to that point , placing fifth overall at the 2020 Giro d'Italia . They entered the 2021 Giro d'Italia as a domestique – initially for team leader Mikel Landa , before Landa had to withdraw from the race after a crash on the fifth stage . Damiano Caruso then took over as team leader , and following teamwork by Bilbao , won the penultimate stage of the race on their way to second overall ; Bilbao ultimately finished 13th overall .
Bilbao finished on the overall podium at the 2022 UAE Tour , taking a third-place stage finish at Jebel Hafeet on the final day . At the Tour of the Basque Country , Bilbao won a small group sprint on the third stage into Amurrio ; they ultimately finished the race in fifth overall . Their next start was at the Tour of the Alps , where they again won a small group sprint , winning the second stage into Lana . Having finished second on the first stage , Bilbao assumed the race lead – which they would hold until the final day , when they lost forty seconds to three riders , who ultimately moved ahead of them in the general classification . At the Giro d'Italia , Bilbao finished in third place on the opening stage in Hungary , behind Mathieu van der Poel and Biniam Girmay . Bilbao held a top-ten position in the general classification for the duration of the race , ultimately finishing fifth overall , for the second time in three editions .
Major results
2011
2nd Tour de Vendée
7th Prueba Villafranca de Ordizia
2012
10th Overall Vuelta a Asturias
2013
7th Overall Vuelta a Asturias
2014
1st Klasika Primavera
3rd Circuito de Getxo
6th Overall Vuelta a Burgos
7th Overall Tour of Norway
7th Overall Tour du Gévaudan Languedoc-Roussillon
8th Grand Prix d'Ouverture La Marseillaise
2015
1st Overall Tour de Beauce
1st Mountains classification , Vuelta a Andalucía
1st Stage 6 Tour of Turkey
4th Overall Vuelta a Castilla y León
1st Points classification
1st Stage 1
7th Overall Tour du Gévaudan Languedoc-Roussillon
10th GP Miguel Induráin
2016
1st Stage 2 Presidential Tour of Turkey
2nd Overall Vuelta a Castilla y León
5th Circuito de Getxo
6th GP Miguel Induráin
7th Milano–Torino
8th Klasika Primavera
9th Overall Tour of Norway
9th Prueba Villafranca de Ordizia
2017
10th Overall Tour de Suisse
2018
1st Stage 6 Critérium du Dauphiné
1st Stage 1 Tour of the Alps
6th Overall Giro d'Italia
7th Overall Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana
8th Overall Tour of the Basque Country
2019
Giro d'Italia
1st Stages 7 & 20
2nd Time trial , National Road Championships
3rd Overall Vuelta a Murcia
1st Stage 1
3rd Overall Volta a la Comunitat Valenciana
4th Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
2020
1st Time trial , National Road Championships
5th Overall Giro d'Italia
6th Overall Vuelta a Andalucía
6th Circuito de Getxo
2021
2nd Overall Tour of the Alps
1st Stage 4
4th GP Miguel Induráin
5th Time trial , National Road Championships
6th Overall Tour of the Basque Country
9th Overall Tour de France
10th Strade Bianche
2022
2nd Overall Deutschland Tour
1st Points classification
1st Stage 4
3rd Overall Tour de Pologne
3rd Overall UAE Tour
4th Overall Tour of the Alps
1st Stage 2
5th Overall Giro d'Italia
5th Overall Tour of the Basque Country
1st Stage 3
5th Strade Bianche
9th Overall Tirreno–Adriatico
9th Grand Prix Cycliste de Montréal
General classification results timeline
References
External links
1990 births
Cyclists from the Basque Country ( autonomous community )
Living people
People from Guernica
Spanish Giro d'Italia stage winners
Sportspeople from Biscay
Spanish male cyclists
Tonteri is a Finnish surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Pekka Tonteri ( 1880–1953 ) , Finnish politician
Roope Tonteri ( born 1992 ) , Finnish snowboarder
Finnish-language surnames
Mount Valikhanov ( ) is a mountain ( 2,800 m ) standing 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) northwest of Mount Mirotvortsev in Sudliche Petermann Range , Wohlthat Mountains . It was discovered and plotted from air photos by the German Antarctic Expedition , 1938–39 . It was mapped from air photos and surveys by the Norwegian Antarctic Expedition , 1956–60 , and was remapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition , 1960–61 , and named after Russian geographer Chokan Valikhanov ( 1935–65 ) .
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Night Things is the sixth studio album by country music artist Ronnie Milsap , released in 1975 . It produced a # 1 country hit in its title track , and `` Just in Case '' was a # 4 single as well .
Track listing
`` ( After Sweet Memories ) Play Born to Lose Again '' ( Kent Robbins ) - 2:59
`` Who 'll Turn Out the Lights ( In Your World Tonight ) '' ( Wayne Kemp , Mack Vickery ) - 3:12
`` Daydreams About Night Things '' ( John Schweers ) - 2:22
`` I 'm No Good at Goodbyes '' ( Ben Peters ) - 2:39
`` Just in Case '' ( Hugh Moffatt ) - 2:49
`` Remember to Remind Me ( I 'm Leaving ) '' ( Charles Quillen , John Russell ) - 2:55
`` Borrowed Angel '' ( Mel Street ) - 3:09
`` Love Takes a Long Time to Die '' ( Dennis Morgan ) - 2:35
`` Linda on My Mind '' ( Conway Twitty ) - 2:35
`` I 'll Be There ( If You Ever Want Me ) '' ( Rusty Gabbard , Ray Price ) - 2:39
Production
Executive Producer : Dave Nives
Produced By Tom Collins & Jack D. Johnson
Engineers : Bill Harris , Al Pachucki , David Roys , Mike Shockley , Bill Vandevort
Personnel
Drums : Hayword Bishop , Kenny Malone
Percussion : Charlie McCoy , Farrell Morris
Bass Guitar : Mike Leech , Henry Strzelecki
Upright Bass : Joe Zinkan
Piano : Ronnie Milsap , Bobby Ogdin , Hargus `` Pig '' Robbins , Jay Spell , Bobby Wood
Guitars : Harold Bradley , Jimmy Capps , Ray Edenton , Steve Gibson , Glenn Keener , Dale Sellars , Chip Young , Reggie Young
Steel Guitar : Pete Drake , Lloyd Green , John Hughey
Harmonica : Charlie McCoy , Terry McMillan
Fiddle : Jim Buchanan , Marcy Cates , Tommy Williams
Lead Vocals : Ronnie Milsap
Backing Vocals : Ronnie Milsap , The Jordanaires
Strings arranged by D. Bergen White
Charts
Singles
1975 albums
RCA Records albums
Ronnie Milsap albums
Albums produced by Tom Collins ( record producer )
Captain Stephen Ponsonby Peacocke ( 1813 – 29 May 1872 ) was a British officer of the Bombay Army and an artist notable for their 17 paintings of historic landscape views in the Nilgiri Hills in South India . Tinted lithographs were made of these views and published in imperial folio in London by the lithographer Paul Gauci in 1847 . Peacocke 's lithographs reflect the romantic escape to a temperate hilly area that all British people in the plains yearned for in those days . Their career culminated as a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 1866 until their death in 1872 .
Family
Captain Peacocke 's parents , Lieutenant Colonel Stephen Peacocke Sr. of the Buffs ( Royal East Kent Regiment ) ( 3rd Foot ) and Louisa Tottenham Peacocke , were married at Bath , Somerset , in the west of England , on 11 June 1808 . There is a fine miniature portrait of Stephen Peacocke Sr. , c. 1800 , by George Chinnery . There is a love note from Louisa to Stephen in the back of the miniature :
`` My beloved , my adored , Stephen , my idolised and matchless husband , married 11 June 1808 . Louisa Peacocke ''
Their eldest child , Stephen Ponsonby Peacocke Jr. , the artist , was born in 1813 . They were known by their middle name .
Their second son , Eliott Tottenham Peacocke , was at Tonbridge School 1832–33 , joined the 1st Bombay Native Infantry in 1837 , was promoted to captain in the 1st Grenadiers Regiment in India in 1847 as Deputy Assistant Quartermaster General of the Army , and died in Bombay aged 38 on 13 July 1854 . There was/is supposedly a monument there erected to their memory by their fellow officers .
In 1837 , Stephen Ponsonby Peacocke Jr. and Isabella Anne Louisa Brydges born 1815 , the daughter of a baronet , were married , probably while they were on leave in England .
Stephen and Isabella Peacocke had four sons and two daughters and at least ten grandchildren . Three of the sons and one daughter were residents of Auckland , and the fourth son settled in New South Wales . They are :
1 . Georgina Elizabeth Emma Peacocke , of Devonport , New Zealand , born c.1844 , Poet , author of a book of verse , Rays from the Southern Cross , died 14 May 1892 , at Devonport , NZ .
2 . John FitzRoy Beresford Peacocke , of Remuera , New Zealand , Born Switzerland , c. 1847 , married about 1876 at Auckland at the age of 29 to Florence Pilling , lived in New Zealand sixty years , no known occupation , died 11 June 1917 aged seventy at Woolton Road , Remuera , NZ , buried in the Roman Catholic Cemetery at Howick . Male issue living - aged 36 , 33 , 28 , 26 . Female issue living - aged 40 , 38 , 34 , 30 .
1 . Hilary m 1st Evelyn Wood 2nd Edna .
2 . Cyril Loftus DeQuincey Peacocke killed in action WW I .
3 . Noel Peacocke .
4 . Muriel Charlotte Anne Peacocke , born 1881 .
5 . Egerton Francis Joseph Peacocke , born 1880 , died 1960 .
6 . Blanch Louisa Peacocke .
7 . Frederica Isabel Peacocke , born 1878 .
8 . Paul Peacocke died in infancy .
9 . Florence Blanche Mary Peacocke , born 1876 .
10. ? Madge
3 . Gerald Loftus Torin Peacocke , a Madeira-born English barrister , later editor of the New Zealand Farmer .
1 . Inez Isabel Maud Peacocke , born 31 January 1881 , a teacher , novelist , broadcaster and poet , married George Edward Cluett on 30 June 1920 in the Holy Trinity Parish Church of Devonport , died childless 1973 .
4 . Reginald Thomas Stephen Peacocke b 1854 , went to Australia and married Elizabeth Crook .
5 . Ponsonby John Raleigh Peacocke .
6 . Ines Eva Isabel Peacocke , married Thomas Lindesay , of Howick , New Zealand .
Career
Peacocke joined the King 's Own Scottish Borderers ( 25th Foot ) infantry regiment as an ensign on 25 October 1833 . They were in India in the 1830s with their regiment and was in Ootacamund convalescing from an illness for some time during this period . They were promoted to Lieutenant on 15 September 1837 and Captain 23 August . 1839 . In October 1842 , Capt . Peacock was furloughed for 3 months to Bombay . In April 1843 they were furloughed to England for nine months for the purpose of effecting an exchange or retiring , either on half-pay or by the sale of their commission . By 1851 they were with the 59th Foot and on 11 November 1851 received a brevet promotion to Major . On the same day they appear on the list of Majors who have retired by sale , by commutation , with a gratuity or by surrender of half pay , not in the reserve .
In 1854–55 , they appear on the retired list .
Artworks
In the early days , only about 15 years after the founding of Ootacamund , Captain Peacocke created 17 drawings of historic landscape views in the Nilgiri Hills during a medical leave spent at Ootacamund in the late 1830s . Their lithographs reflect the romantic escape to a temperate hilly area that all British people in the plains yearned for in those days . It was a home away from home . Furlough was usually only every five years or so but there was the nearby refuge of the cool climate of the Indian hills to seek , especially Ooty with its downs , primulas and strawberries growing wild .
In May 1847 , the imperial folio Koondah Ranges , Western Ghauts , Madras , at & about the Stations of Ootacamund and Conoor , and the Segoor , Koondah and Conoor Passes , with vignette title page and sixteen large ( x ) plates after Peacocke was executed in the best style of tinted lithography printed on card stock , with added hand colouring , in contemporary half morocco leather binding with gilt spine for the price of £2 , 12s . 6p .
The set was published by the lithographer , Paul Gauci , 9 North Crescent , Bedford Square , London .
There are three notable features in all the Peacocke drawings . First , the play of sunlight in the background of these landscapes is realistic and supplies the title the Sunlit Hillscapes to this series . The soft but brilliant glow of light in the South Indian hills is beautifully captured by the artist in each of the drawings . Second , the graphical perspective in their topographic representations is very lifelike . The elevations and distant houses are all in proportion and scale . The distant views , with scale and depth , give drama to Peacocke 's landscapes . Third is attention to detail away from the central focus of the work . For example , in View in the Hills , Hullikkul , one can see that the hills to top left are dotted about with houses , not apparent at a cursory glance , all perfectly positioned , topographically , and in perspective . Capt . Peacocke was trained in surveying in the Army and used this training to good effect in their Neilgherry views .
Other than their 1847 publication , the lithographs are undated and the sequence of the original paintings is unknown . In an advertisement in Allen 's Indian Mail the lithographs are listed in the following order :
1 . Vignette title-page , with a view of a halting place between Avalanche and Sispara . ( This may be Bangitappal . )
2 . General View of Ootacamund .
3 . Avalanche .
4 . View amongst the Hills , near Hullikul .
5 . Bearer 's godown at the Avalanche
6 . Toda Mund and Todas Ootacamund
7 . View from the Upper Bungalow , Conoor
8 . View over the Native Village , Conoor .
9 . View near Hullikul with the Koondah Range and Peak
10 . View of Conoor from the Oota Road
11 . Traveller 's Bungallow , Sispara .
12 . View in the Koondhas , near Sispara .
13 . Mr. Grove 's House , Waterfall Kaitee .
14 . Road Cut between Ootacamund and Conoor
15 . View of the Low Country Conoor Pass .
16 . Waterfall near Bungallow .
17 . View at Ootacamuud , Nilligierries .
Gallery of lithographs
The following gallery of Peacocke 's landscape lithographs is ordered geographically from the Low Country & Coonoor Pass , up through General View of Ootacamund and continuing west up along the Sispara Ghat road past Avalanche and culminating in the most dramatic geography in the Nilgiri Hills ; View in the Koondahs , near Sispara .
An entire set of 16 , tinted and uncoloured , are part of the Raj Bhavan art collection in Ooty .
In June 1996 , a partial set of 14 plates was sold by Christie 's at auction for £863 ( $ 1,335 ) .
The lithos of Peacocke are not in Travel in Aquatint & Lithography by the late Maj. John Roland Abbey .
( * ) On 19–31 August 2009 nine of these lithographs , from the private collection of V. Narayan Swami , were displayed in the exhibition of rare , unique and never-before-seen etchings , engravings & aquatints : `` Madras : From the City to the Presidency '' at the Vennirul Art Gallery , C.P . Art Centre by the C.P . Ramaswami Aiyar Foundation , Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
Later life
After a period in Madeira , the Peacockes immigrated to New Zealand from England in 1858 and founded a strong and continuing lineage in New Zealand and Australia . After a short stay in the province of Canterbury they moved to Auckland in 1859 . By 1860 , Peacocke had bought some land near the Pensioner Settlement of Howick , East Tamaki and remained settled there for the rest of their life . In 1860–1861 they were on the Auckland jury list as a retired field officer living at East Tamaki .
When the New Zealand Wars broke out in the Waikato , Major Peacocke , as an ex-military officer , offered their services to the Government . They were given the rank of Lt . Colonel and command of the 3rd battalion of the Auckland Militia , during the Invasion of the Waikato . They commanded the district extending from Wairoa South to Otahuhu , a line which at the beginning of the war was practically `` the front '' , defended by Galloway 's and St. John 's redoubts .
After the war , in 1865 , Colonel Peacocke ( or Ponsonby as they were called ) turned their attention to politics . They represented the Pensioner Settlements electorate on the Auckland Provincial Council from 2 November 1865 to 7 September 1869 . They were a member of the provincial executive council in May 1867 . They were called to the Legislative Council on 8 May 1866 and attended several sessions of Parliament in Wellington , where they became known as a polished and effective speaker . They served as Commissioner of Crown Lands between 1867 and 1868 . They continued to be a member of the Legislative Council , but their membership lapsed due to non-attendance and their final date of membership is the same as their death date .
Isabella Peacocke died on 12 March 1872 and Stephen Peacocke died just over two months later at Howick on 29 May 1872 . They are both buried in All Saints Churchyard , Howick , New Zealand . The headstone over their grave reads : `` In death they were not divided '' .
Notes
References
External sources
Ponsonby and Peacocke , Genealogy Message Board
19th-century English painters
English male painters
English lithographers
1813 births
1872 deaths
King 's Own Scottish Borderers officers
59th Regiment of Foot officers
Members of the Auckland Provincial Council
Members of Auckland provincial executive councils
19th-century New Zealand painters
19th-century New Zealand male artists
19th-century New Zealand politicians
19th-century English male artists
Reid Supply Company is a global supplier of industrial parts based in Muskegon , Michigan . It has been one of the major employers in the Muskegon region since its founding in 1948 . Reid Supply Company is known for serving industries like medical , alternative energy , oil and gas , engineering , aerospace , packaging , food processing , manufacturing , construction and government . As of December 31 , 2013 Reid Supply Company was rebranded Essentra in accordance with their global rebranding .
History
Reid Tool Supply started in 1948 by Mr. Liberty Reid . In about 4 years , Reid Tool Supply moved from Mr. Reid 's house and into a newly constructed warehouse . By 2005 , Reid Tool Supply was offering a wider range of industrial tools and parts , and changed its name to Reid Supply Company to reflect its expanded offerings . Reid Supply Company ( global industrial parts distributor ) , United SignGraphics ( signage , custom and large format printing ) , Reid Safety ( outerwear , workwear , safety products ) , Total Quality Machining ( machining services and customization of Reid Supply stock products ) and Professional Parts Warehouse ( snow plow parts and accessories ) encompass the collection of Reid companies or Reid Entities . In August , 2014 it was announced that Filtrona PLC has purchased Reid Supply Company for $ 32 million USD .
Catalog
Reid Supply Company 's catalog started as a 16-page catalog which was sent to over 5,000 machine shops . Today , the catalog is more than 850 pages .
Philanthropy
Reid Supply Company was amongst the first in the Muskegon area to take a proactive approach on banning smoking in the work place . Reid Entities ( the collection of Reid companies ) also has a policy of rewarding employees that participate in blood drives .
Government relations
Reid Supply Company has dealt with the government on a regular basis . As a GSA contact holder and small business , Reid Supply Company has been awarded several federal and state contracts .
References
Industrial supply companies
Privately held companies based in Michigan
The 2022 season is the Miami Dolphins ' 53rd in the National Football League ( NFL ) , their 57th overall , their first under new head coach Mike McDaniel , and seventh under general manager Chris Grier .
The Dolphins will attempt to make the playoffs for the first time since 2016 , win the AFC East for the first time since 2008 , and finish with 3 straight winning seasons for the first time since the 2001–2003 seasons .
For the first time since 2014 , long-time wide receiver DeVante Parker would not be on the roster , as they were traded to the New England Patriots on April 2 , 2022 . Parker was previously the longest tenured player on the roster , and their departure made cornerback Xavien Howard , who had been with the Dolphins since 2016 , the team 's new longest tenured player .
Draft
Staff
Current roster
Preseason
Regular season
Schedule
Notes
Intra-division opponents are in bold text .
Networks and times from Weeks 5–14 and Week 17 are subject to change as a result of flexible scheduling .
As the result of Saturday flexible scheduling during Week 15 , the date , time and network for that week 's game at the Buffalo Bills will be finalized at a later date—by no later than four weeks prior to game day .
The date , time and network for Week 18 will be finalized at the end of Week 17 .
Game summaries
Week 1 : vs. New England Patriots
Head coach Mike McDaniel recorded their first win as a head coach and became the first Dolphins coach since Nick Saban in 2005 to win their first game as Dolphins head coach , as well as the first head coach in Dolphins history to win their head coaching debut . Quarterback Tua Tagovailoa joined former Denver Broncos quarterbacks John Elway and Jake Plummer as the only QBs to beat a Bill Belichick-coached team at least three times without a loss . With the win , the Dolphins began the season 1-0 .
Week 2 : at Baltimore Ravens
The Dolphins defeated the Ravens on the road for the first time since the two teams ' inaugural meeting in 1997 after they were down 7-28 at halftime and later 14-35 at the end of the 3rd quarter . Quarterback Tua Tagovailoa finished the game with a career-high 469 passing yards and six touchdowns and wide receivers Jaylen Waddle and Tyreek Hill became the first pair of teammates in NFL history to catch 10 passes for over 150 yards and two touchdowns in the same game . With the win , the Dolphins improved to 2-0 .
Week 3 : vs. Buffalo Bills
This was the Dolphins ' first win over the Bills since Week 13 of the 2018 . With the win , the Dolphins improved to 3-0 , their first such start since 2018 .
Week 4 : at Cincinnati Bengals
For the third time in 10 seasons , the Dolphins failed to begin 4-0 for the first time since 1995 . Quarterback Tua Tagovailoa left the game in a coma after suffering a head injury in the late 2nd quarter . Backup Teddy Bridgewater stepped in for Tagovailoa beginning in the 3rd quarter , where they threw for 193 yards , 1 touchdown , and 1 interception . With the loss , the Dolphins fell to 3-1 .
Week 5 : at New York Jets
Standings
Division
Conference
Awards and honors
References
External links
Miami
Miami Dolphins seasons
Miami Dolphins
Declan William Bennett ( born 20 March 1981 ) is an English singer-songwriter , actor and playwright . They gained prominence as a member of the band Point Break , before going on to perform on London 's West End and as a solo musician . They are known on screen for their roles as Charlie Cotton in the soap opera EastEnders and Jonathan Roberts in the ITV series The Long Call .
Early life and education
Bennett was born in Coventry and has an older brother Kieran . Like their EastEnders character , Bennett is of Irish descent ; their mother Rose is from Westmeath , and their paternal grandparents are from Dublin and Wexford . Bennett attended Christ the King Primary School in Coundon and then Cardinal Newman Catholic School and Community College .
Career
Early ventures
As a teenager , Bennett performed with the Belgrade Youth Theatre and the Coventry Youth Operetta Group ( YOG ) Coventry , including appearances in Willy Russell 's Our Day Out in September 1996 , and in Boy Band , which featured a number of their own compositions . They also performed with the National Youth Music Theatre , in The Kissing-Dance 1999 .
Music
In May 1999 , Bennett was one of nine teenagers chosen to sing live on the ITV morning TV show This Morning in a feature that put together a boy band . Following their appearance , they were contacted in the studio by another band , Point Break , which featured Brett Adams and David 'Ollie ' Oliver from UK children 's TV programme Byker Grove , who were signed to Warner Music , and who were looking for a new member . The band released five singles , four of which made the UK top 20 , and an album , which was number one in three countries in South east Asia , including Japan , and made the UK top 40 . Bennett left the band in December 2000 .
In January 2005 , Bennett released their first solo album under the pseudonym `` Sumladfromcov '' entitled The Painters Ball on their own record label , Covboy Records . This was followed by a limited-edition EP , The Kitchen , in May 2006 .
Now performing as a singer-songwriter under their own name , Bennett released a five-track iTunes-only EP in March 2007 entitled 10 Nelson Road . Their second full-length album , An Innocent Evening Of Drinking , was released on 14 April 2008 . Therapy , an iTunes-only single packaged with two remixes — Olivia 's Mix and New York Live Studio Mix — was released in the U.S. on 27 April 2009 and in the rest of the world on 23 March 2009 .
On 31 January 2010 , Bennett performed on the Grammy Awards with Green Day as a cast member of the rock opera American Idiot , which ran on Broadway from 20 April 2010 to 24 April 2011 . Bennett was a member of the ensemble , understudying and performing the role of Will .
Bennett released the album record : BREAKUP on 25 April 2011 in New York . A live and acoustic version was released on Monday 19 August 2013 .
Theatre
In January 2002 , Bennett was given the part of Guru Dazzle in Boy George 's West End show Taboo , which received four Olivier Award nominations and they later took over one of the lead roles , Billy , playing alongside Matt Lucas , Boy George , and Julian Clary among others until the show closed in London in April 2003 .
Bennett also played the role of Billy in the UK tour of the show from December 2003 to 2004 .
In September 2006 , Bennett took over the role of Roger Davis in the American national tour of Broadway rock opera Rent . They completed a nine-month tour of the United States from September 2006 to May 2007 . They reprised the role on Broadway from October 2007 until May 2008 .
In 2013 , Bennett premiered the romantic lead Guy in the West End production of Once opposite Zrinka Cvitešić as Girl at the Phoenix Theatre in London .
In March 2016 , it was announced Bennett would star in the titular role of Jesus Christ Superstar at the Open Air Theatre Regents Park .
In 2019 , they starred in The View UpStairs playing the role of Dale at the Soho Theatre , in London from 18 July to 24 August .
In June 2021 it was announced Declan Bennett would be starring as Billy Bigelow in the Regents Park Open Air Theatre summer production of “ Carousel ” . This acclaimed show ran from 31 July 2021 to 25 September 2021 .
Bennett created the one-man show Boy Out the City . It had its work-in-progress showcase in early 2021 before premiering the full thing at the Westival Music + Arts Festival in Westport , Ireland that 24 October , followed by a London premiere at the Turbine Theatre on 9 November .
On 8th April 2022 , it was announced Bennett would star as the Duke de Monroth in Moulin Rouge ! ( musical ) on Broadway beginning on 10th May 2022 , following Tam Mutu , at the Al Hirschfeld Theatre .
Television and film
After a number of small film and television roles , on 22 January 2014 , it was announced Bennett would join the cast of EastEnders as Charlie Cotton , the long-lost grandson of Dot Branning ( June Brown ) . EastEnders executive producer , Dominic Treadwell-Collins , questioned whether Charlie ( named after Charlie Cotton ) would be `` kind '' like their grandmother or `` evil '' like their father Nick Cotton ( John Altman ) . Bennett first appeared on 10 March 2014 . In 2015 , it was revealed Bennett would exit the series . During their time , they had married Ronnie Mitchell ( Samantha Womack ) , gotten in a car accident , had an affair with Ronnie 's sister Roxy Mitchell ( Rita Simons ) and impersonated a cop .
On 5 April 2017 , it was confirmed that Bennett would reprise their EastEnders role for the forthcoming season after months of speculation . Their first episode back aired on 5 May 2017 .
Bennett starred opposite Ben Aldridge in the 2021 adaptation of The Long Call on ITV and BritBox .
Personal life
Bennett is gay . They lived in New York and London for a number of years before moving to rural Oxfordshire , where they currently live with their romantic partner , fellow actor and singer Fra Fee .
Discography
With Point Break
Solo releases
References
External links
Reviews of Our Day Out on Willy Russell 's Official-Unofficial website
Article on Boy Band on website CWN News & Information for Coventry & Warwickshire
Article and reviews about The Kissing-Dance on the composer 's official site
Theatre 's webpage about Taboo London production
Official Declan Bennett website
1981 births
Living people
English male singer-songwriters
English pop singers
English male soap opera actors
English male stage actors
English gay actors
English gay writers
English gay musicians
LGBT actors from England
LGBT composers
LGBT musicians from England
LGBT producers
LGBT singers from the United Kingdom
LGBT songwriters
People from Coventry
English people of Irish descent
21st-century English singers
21st-century British male singers
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
Alain Touwaide ( born 19 September 1953 in Brussels-Berchem Sainte Agathe ) is a US historian of medicine and sciences of Belgian origin . They taught history of Greek medicine and its tradition , Food history and other topics in the Medical Humanities at the University of California Los Angeles ( UCLA ) , during the academic years 2015-2016 ( fall and winter terms ) , 2016-2017 ( winter and spring terms ) , 2017-2018 ( spring term ) , 2018-2019 ( winter term ) .
Their education includes first degrees in classics ( 1975 ) as well as oriental philology and history ( 1977 ) and a PhD in classics ( 1981 ) , all earned at the University of Louvain . They received their habilitation à diriger des recherches at the University of Toulouse ( 1997 ) . They won numerous prizes and grants , among others of the Earth Watch Institute , and has taught at several universities in Spain , Italy , France and Belgium . Touwaide is proficient in several languages .
Their main research area is medicinal plants of Antiquity , their approach being transdisciplinary , that is , not only philological and historical , but also botanical and medical , ethnological and anthropological , constituting ethnobotany and ethnopharmacology . In 2005 , Touwaide received a grant of the National Institutes of Health for a four-year research project “ Medicinal plants of Antiquity : A Computerized Database ” . Ancient Greek therapeutical texts were digitized , indexed and analyzed both in the original and in translation .
From 2007-2008 they were president of the Washington Academy of Sciences . They have been elected as a Fellow of the International Academy for the History of Pharmacy ( 1991 ) , the Linnean Society ( 1997 ) , the Washington Academy of Sciences ( 2003 ) , the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( 2009 ) , and the Royal Society of Medicine , UK ( 2010 ) . They are the co-founder and current scientific director of the Institute for the Preservation of Medical Traditions and has been affiliated with the Smithsonian Institution from 2002 through 2016 , where they were a historian of science in the Botany department of the National Museum of Natural History . In September 2019 , they were awarded the Kremers Award from the American Institute of the History of Pharmacy . They are one of the founders , and the Principal Investigator of the UNESCO Chair Plantae Medicinales Mediterraneae-Plants for Health in the Mediterranean Traditions , which was established at the University of Salerno , Italy , in 2020 .
Selected publications
Alain Touwaide . Greek Medical Manuscripts - Diels ' Catalogues , 5 volumes , De Gruyter , 2020 .
Alain Touwaide . A Census of Greek Medical Manuscripts . From Byzantium to the Renaissance . Routledge , 2016 .
Tractatus de herbis . Sloane MS 4016 . Volume of study accompanying the facsimile reproduction of manuscript London , British Library , Sloane 4016 . Barcelona : M. Moleiro Editor , 2013 .
Peter Dendle & Alain Touwaide & ( eds. ) . Health and Healing from the Medieval Garden . Proceedings of the 15th Annual Medieval Studies Conference at The Pennsylvania State University . Boydell & Brewer , 2008 .
Jean A. Givens , Karen M. Reeds & Alain Touwaide ( eds ) . Visualizing Medieval Medicine and Natural History , 1200-1500 ( AVISTA Studies in the History of Medieval Technology , Science and Art , volume 5 ) . Ashgate , 2006 .
Gianni Aliotta , Daniele Piomelli , Antonino Pollio & Alain Touwaide . Le piante medicinali del “ Corpus Hippocraticum ( Hippocratica Civitas 5 ) . Guerini Associati , 2003 .
References
External links
Institute for the Preservation of Medical Traditions
Full list of publications
UNESCO Chair Salerno - Plants for Health in the Mediterranean Traditions
1953 births
Living people
Belgian medical historians
Université catholique de Louvain alumni
Daniel Folger Bigelow ( July 22 , 1823 - July 14 , 1910 ) was an American painter active in New England and Chicago .
History
Bigelow was born on a farm in Peru , New York and began painting at an early age . An early influence was Asahel Lynde Powers , who taught them `` the delicacy of colors '' . At age 20 , Bigelow moved to New York City and first saw the work of professional painters and decided to become a professional himself . In 1858 , Bigelow moved to Chicago where they established a studio in Crosby 's Opera House , subsequently destroyed in the great Chicago fire of 1871 . Circa 1887 they were invited to become a charter member of the Academy of Design , later the Art Institute of Chicago . Bigelow exhibited in many galleries , as well as at the National Academy of Design , World 's Columbian Exposition , and Philadelphia 's Centennial Exposition of 1876 .
They died in their sleep in Chicago in 1910 .
References
Bigelow Society biography
Article from Adirondack Life magazine , Winter 1971 by Peggy O'Brien
Genealogy of the Bigelow Family of America : From the Marriage in 1642 of John Biglo and Mary Warren to the Year 1890 , C. Hamilton , 1890 , pages 477-478 .
Painters from New York ( state )
1823 births
1910 deaths
Gwendolyn Watts ( 23 September 1937 – 5 February 2000 ) was an English actor of the 1960s and 1970s . they were best known for their role as Iris in On The Buses .
Career
Born in Carhampton , Somerset , the daughter of Colin B. Watts and Annie née Lewis , Watts made their first television appearance in 1958 in an episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents , going on to appear in Walk a Crooked Mile ( 1961 ) , The Rag Trade ( 1962 ) , The Avengers ( 1963 ) , Maigret ( 1963 ) , a French au pair in Steptoe and Son ( 1964 ) , Esther Waters ( 1964 ) , Mary Barton ( 1964 ) , Armchair Mystery Theatre ( 1964 ) , The Benny Hill Show ( 1965 ) , The Worker ( 1965 ) , Softly , Softly ( 1966 ) , Adam Adamant Lives ! ( 1966 ) , Z-Cars ( 1962–1967 ) , On the Buses ( 1969 ) , Coronation Street ( 1971 ) , Love Thy Neighbour ( 1972 ) , Sam ( 1973 ) and The Final Cut ( 1995 ) .
Them film appearances include Sons and Lovers ( 1960 ) , So Evil , So Young ( 1961 ) , Rita in Billy Liar ( 1963 ) , My Fair Lady ( 1964 ) , The System ( 1964 ) , Fanatic ( 1965 ) , The Wrong Box ( 1966 ) , Carry On Doctor ( 1967 ) , All Neat in Black Stockings ( 1968 ) , Carry On Again Doctor ( 1969 ) , The Games ( 1970 ) and Carry On Matron ( 1972 ) .
Personal life
Married to actor Gertan Klauber from 1959 until their death , Watts gave up full-time acting in the early 1970s to bring up their children , but they returned a few years later . They were the sister of actor Sally Watts .
Gwendolyn Watts died in 2000 , aged 62 , from a heart attack .
Filmography
TV credits
References
External links
Watts on The Actors ' Compendium
1937 births
2000 deaths
English television actores
English film actores
English stage actores
People from West Somerset ( district )
20th-century English actores
Viva La Decadence is the debut album by English rock band King Lizard . A music video of the title track Viva La Decadence has been released a month prior to the album .
Track listing
`` Viva La Decadence ''
`` Rain on You ''
`` Rock n ' Roll Me ''
`` Hell Yeah ''
`` Video Lover ''
`` Ka n't Kill Rock n ' Roll ''
`` Never Be Mine ''
`` Not for Me ''
`` Riot ''
`` Taste the Hate ''
`` Outrageous ''
`` Late Nite Dynamite ''
Performers
Flash Sawyer - vocals , piano
Niro Knox - guitar , backing vocals
Alice Rain - bass guitar
Sky London - drums
References
External links
King Lizard official website
2010 debut albums
King Lizard albums
Albums produced by Chris Tsangarides
Vaughan Promontory is a high , rugged ice-covered promontory which extends eastward from Holland Range between Ekblad and Morton Glaciers . It terminates in Cape Maude overlooking Ross Ice Shelf . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Commander V.J . Vaughan , U.S. Navy , commanding officer of USS Glacier during Operation Deepfreeze 1964 and 1965 .
Promontories of Antarctica
Shackleton Coast
Melipotis evelina is a species of moth in the family Erebidae . It is found in Mexico ( Yucatán , Mérida ) and Jamaica .
References
Moths described in 1878
Melipotis
John Alfred Arnesby Brown ( 20 March 1866 – 1955 ) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Notts County . Their only appearance for Notts County came in a heavy 9–1 defeat to Aston Villa in September 1888 .
Early career
Associated with County for five years prior to their Football League entry , John Brown had been a regular until mid–season 1887–88 . In this campaign their record of ten goals in 14 friendly matches included two separate instances of four goals in a match against Leek and Aston Villa , both in October 1887 .
1888-1889 Season
They were rather less successful when they made their sole appearance in a Football League match . This was against Aston Villa at Wellington Road on 29 September 1888 , Brown playing on the wing . Reported to have made `` An even worse exhibition than usual , '' the Magpies were four goals in arrears at half–time . They pulled one back – through an own goal – but then `` never had another look in '' as Villa added a further five . The 9–1 score–line still remains on the record books as Notts ' record Football league defeat . On two subsequent occasions they went under by the same score–line , against Blackburn Rovers in 1889 and against Portsmouth in 1927 .
1889 onwards
John Brown made four appearances for Notts County ( one League and three FA Cup ) and scored one FA Cup goal . John Brown lived a very long life passing away at the age of 89 in the County of Norfolk in Eastern England .
References
1866 births
1955 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
Notts County F.C . players
English Football League players
Grundtvigsk Forum , formerly known as Kirkeligt Samfund af 1898 and Kirkeligt Samfund , is a Grundtvigian network affiliated with Church of Denmark . It is headquartered in Vartov in Copenhagen .
History
Kirkeligt Samfund af 1898 was founded by right-leaning Grundtvigians in opposition to Indre Mission as well as left-leaning Grundtvigians . It achieved more influence than its actual support would suggest . The Grundtvig House , a new headquarters for the organisation , was built in Studiestræde in Copenhagen in 1908 . The building was designed by Rolf Schroeder . The building was for many years used as a venue for meetings , debates and lectures . After World War II , it was ceded to Copenhagen Municipality in connection with Kirkeligt Samfund 's acquisition of Vartov . The association gradually changed character and turned into am umbrella organisation for a number of Grundtvigian associations , communities , congregations and individuals .
References
External links
Official website
1898 establishments in Denmark
Christian organizations based in Denmark
Protestant organizations
N. F. S. Grundtvig
Max Dortu ( 1826-1849 ) was a German-born revolutionary democrat . They took part in the Berlin uprising of March 18 , 1848 and participated in the Baden-Palatinate uprising of 1849 . Following the suppression of the uprisings , the Prussian intervention forces in Baden eventually captured Dortu in Freiburg . They were tried by court martial and executed by a firing squad .
See also
Revolutions of 1848
References
1826 births
1849 deaths
People from Potsdam
People from the Province of Brandenburg
German revolutionaries
Ioannis Dimakopoulos ( , 1833/35–1866 ) was an officer of the Hellenic Army from Arcadia . They participated as a volunteer in the Cretan Revolution of 1866 and they were killed during the holocaust of Arkadi Monastery .
Biography
Ioannis Dimakopoulos was born in Vytina of Arcadia on 10 January 1833 , or , according to another theory , on 20 March 1835 . They were the son of Konstantinos Dimakopoulos , fighter of the Greek War of Independence and later officer of the Hellenic Army . Their mother 's name was Eleni .
After finishing high school they fought as a volunteer in 1854 in the Revolution of Thessaly during the Crimean War . On 16 January 1856 , they enlisted as a volunteer in the army and on 18 January 1863 they were promoted to the rank of second lieutenant . Shortly before the outbreak of the Cretan Revolution of 1866 they served as adjutant under the command of Gennaios Kolokotronis .
During 1866 , Dimakopoulos went to Crete along with other officers , under the command of colonel Panos Koronaios . They disembarked at Bali of Mylopotamos on 24 September . A few days later , they were appointed by Koronaios commander of Arkadi Monastery and leader of a small force of forty men , who had come to Crete as volunteers from the mainland Greece . On 6 November , a powerful force of Ottoman troops encircled the monastery , while the number of the defenders were about 250–300 men . Two days later began the hostilities that led to the fall of the monastery on 9 November .
Some of the survivors said that Dimakopoulos continued to fight on with some men after the explosion of gunpowder that led to the holocaust of Arkadi , but that eventually on the same day they were caught as a prisoner and speared to death . According to another theory , Dimakopoulos was killed by the deadly blast .
References
Bibliography
Karolos E. Moraitis , Ιωάννης Δημακόπουλος ( 1833–1866 ) – Ο ηρωικός φρούραρχος της Ιεράς Μονής Αρκαδίου , εκδόσεις Πελασγός , 2007
Nikolas S. Psychas , Επαναστατική εικών των Δυτικών της Κρήτης διαμερισμάτων , ή ανασκευή χωρίων τινών της περιγραφουσης τον Εθνικόν Αγώνα της Κρήτης κατά των Τούρκων . πραγματείας του καθηγητού Μενδελσώνος Βαρθόλδου , Αθήνησι 1870 .
Magazine Νέα Εστία , 1 November 1966 , vol . 944 , p. 1494 .
External links
The holocaust of Arkadi Monastery ( Greek )
1866 deaths
Hellenic Army officers
Greek military personnel killed in action
19th-century Greek military personnel
Year of birth uncertain
People from Vytina
Glücksburg ( ; ) is a small town northeast of Flensburg in the district Schleswig-Flensburg , in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany and is the northernmost town in Germany .
It is situated on the south side of the Flensborg Fjord , an inlet of the Baltic Sea , approx . 10 km northeast of Flensburg . The town was originally the home of the family Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg ( or simply Glücksburg ) , members of which have reigned in the past in Greece and several northern German states . Members of the family still reign in Denmark and Norway since 1863 and 1905 respectively .
Glücksburg was home to a German Navy base . Among the facilities at the base is the transmitter , callsign DHJ58 . DHJ58 , situated at 54° 50'N and 9° 32 ' E , ceased its transmissions on longwave frequency 68.9 kHz in 2002 and in 2004 its longwave antenna was disassembled .
Notable people
Kai-Uwe von Hassel ( 1913-1997 ) , politician ( CDU ) , was mayor of Glücksburg , Minister President of Schleswig-Holstein , Federal Minister , President of the Bundestag
Gui Bonsiepe ( born 1934 ) , designer and design theorist
References
External links
Seaside resorts in Germany
Schleswig-Flensburg
Populated coastal places in Germany ( Baltic Sea )
Carroll Ellis Izard ( October 8 , 1923 – February 5 , 2017 ) was an American research psychologist known for their contributions to differential emotions theory ( DET ) , and the Maximally Discriminative Affect Coding System ( MAX ) on which they worked with Paul Ekman . Izard also undertook empirical studies into the facial feedback hypothesis according to which emotions which have different functions also cause facial expressions which in turn provide us with cues about what emotion a person is feeling . In addition , Izard constructed a multidimensional self-report measure – the Differential Emotions Scale – currently in its 4th edition ( DES-IV ) . Their later research focused on emotional development in young children and the development and testing of their Emotions Course for Young Children .
Academic career
Izard earned their PhD from Syracuse University in 1952 and served initially as a psychology professor at Vanderbilt University , where they carried out pioneering research into human emotions . In 1976 , they joined the Department of Psychology at the University of Delaware , where they remained active as Unidel Foundation Professor of Psychology in the McKinly Lab until their retirement in 2014 . A festschrift was held at the University of Delaware on October 22 , 2012 , to celebrate Izard 's lifelong contributions to the understanding of human emotional development .
Works
Izard is noted for contributions to the developmental research on emotion . In 1971 , Izard - along with colleagues - conducted groundbreaking research on this subject , which challenged the then established theory that emotions were undifferentiated and also validated universally recognizable expressions . They also defined personality as an interrelated system and that emotion is one of the core components that also include homoeostatic , motor , perceptual , and cognitive systems . As many experts maintain that emotions unfold gradually alongside the development of the nervous system , Izard maintained that even infants who are 10 weeks old are capable of several basic emotions . Izard 's 1977 theory of emotion identified ten primary and discrete emotions : fear , anger , shame , contempt , disgust , guilt , distress , interest , surprise , and joy . One of Izard 's major theoretical competitors , Robert Plutchik , proposed that all the distinctive emotions Izard put forth were primary except shame and guilt . Izard postulated that these ten fundamental emotions can not be reduced to more basic emotions but can be combined to produce other emotions , just like primary colors could be combined to create different colors . They theorized that each emotion was an intra-individual process or a conscious feeling state marked by its neurobiological activity and expression pattern like distinct facial expressions . Izard 's theory of emotion is also called differential emotions theory . Izard proposed that these specific emotions would emerge in a child not because of social learning but as adaptive behavior .
Books
Face of Emotion . ( 1993 ) . Irvington Publishers .
The Psychology of Emotions . ( 1991 ) . New York : Plenum .
Human Emotions . ( 1977 ) . New York : Plenum .
Patterns of Emotions : A New Analysis of Anxiety and Depression . ( 1972 ) . New York : Academic .
The Face of Emotion . ( 1971 ) . New York : Appleton-Century-Crofts .
Depression in Young People : Developmental and Clinical Perspectives . ( 1985 ) . Guilford . ( with Michael Rutter )
Emotions , Cognition and Behavior . ( 1984 ) . Cambridge University Press . ( with Jerome Kagan )
Measuring Emotions in Infants and Children : Vol . 1 . ( 1982 ) . Cambridge University Press .
See also
Discrete emotion theory
Basic emotions
Emotion classification
References
Sources
Cicchetti , D. ( 2015 ) . Reflections on Carroll Izard 's contributions : Influences on diverse scientific disciplines and personal reflections . Emotion Review , 7 ( 2 ) , 104-109. doi : 10.1177/1754073914554781
Hope , D. A . ( 1996 ) . ( Ed . ) , Perspectives on Anxiety , Panic , and Fear . Nebraska Symposium on Motivation : Current Theory and Research in Motivation ( Vol . 43 ) . Lincoln , NE : University of Nebraska Press .
Deci , E. L. , & Ryan , R. M. ( 1985 ) . Intrinsic Motivation and Self-determination in Human Behavior . New York : Plenum .
External links
Carroll E. Izard 's homepage at University of Delaware 's Department of Psychology
1923 births
2017 deaths
Emotion psychologists
American psychologists
Syracuse University alumni
Vanderbilt University faculty
University of Delaware faculty
Ribeirão do Tempo ( English : Stream of Time ; International title : River of Intrigues ) is a Brazilian telenovela created by Marcílio Moraes , it is produced and aired by RecordTV from May 18 , 2010 to May 2 , 2011 .
Plot
In the plot , the audience will follow the stories of the residents and visitors of the small town of Ribeirão do Tempo , such as Eleonora Durrel , Arminda , Joca , Tito , Karina , Filomena and Querencio , among others .
Already in the beginning , several events transform the life of the inhabitants of Ribeirão , city that counts on a beautiful nature besides having a historical center .
Calm and tranquility give way to hectic days . On one side is the multinational presided over by Madame Durrel , who invests heavily in the city . On the other , there are radical sports , which invade the day-to-day life of the place and attract tourists from all over . To complete , a series of barbaric crimes terrorize all , without anyone being able to arrest the criminals or to understand the reason of that .
Cast
Main cast
Special participations
Supporting cast
References
External links
2010 telenovelas
Brazilian telenovelas
2010 Brazilian television series debuts
2011 Brazilian television series endings
RecordTV telenovelas
Portuguese-language telenovelas
Silvano is a dramma marinaresco ( literally a `` seafaring drama '' ) or opera in two acts by Pietro Mascagni from a libretto by Giovanni Targioni-Tozzetti , based on a novel by Alphonse Karr . It received its first performance on 25 March 1895 at La Scala , Milan . Although rarely performed today , the music ( if not the drama ) is of some technical accomplishment , and when revived , Silvano has been favourably received . The barcarolle from Silvano features prominently in a montage during the Martin Scorsese film Raging Bull .
Roles
Recordings
There has been one studio recording of Silvano , recorded in 1995 and several live recordings , the earliest in 1954 , and the most recent in 2003 :
Orchestra Sinfonica della RAI conducted by Pietro Argento with Aldo Bertocci in the title role . Recorded live in Milan , 1954 . Label : MRF MRF-81 ( part of 3-LP set )
Orchestra Sinfonica della RAI conducted by Pietro Argento with Gianni Jaia in the title role . Recorded live in Milan , 1973 . Label : Foyer ECF-13001 ( CD )
Orchestra del Teatro Goldoni di Livorno conducted by Alberto Gaioni with Angelo Mori in the title role . Recorded live in Livorno , 1980 . Label : Fonè 93 F 14 ( part of 2-CD set )
Bohuslav Martinu Philharmonic conducted by Peter Tiboris with Joseph Wolverton in the title role . Studio recording , 1995 . Label : Elysium GRK 707 ( CD )
Orchestra Clara Schumann conducted by Mario Menicagli with Maurizio Comencini in the title role . Recorded live in Collesalvetti , 2003 . Label : Kicco KC095 ( CD ) .
In addition , the tenor aria `` S ' è spento il sol ( Notturno ) '' and the ensuing `` Barcarola '' ( used in the film Raging Bull ) have been recorded separately a number of times .
References
Further reading
Mallach , Alan . Pietro Mascagni and Their Operas , University Press of New England , 2002 .
External links
Italian-language operas
1895 operas
Operas by Pietro Mascagni
Operas
Opera world premieres at La Scala
Operas based on novels
Refojos de Riba de Ave is a former civil parish in the municipality of Santo Tirso , Portugal . In 2013 , the parish merged into the new parish Carreira e Refojos de Riba de Ave . It is located 6 southeast of the city of Santo Tirso .
References
Freguesias of Santo Tirso
Former parishes of Portugal
Auritz stands for :
Burguete – Auritz ( `` Burguete '' in Castilian , `` Auritz '' in Basque ) , a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain
Auritz ( Bautzen ) ( `` Auritz '' in German , `` Wuricy '' in Upper Sorbian ) , a village located in southeastern Bautzen , Germany
Shlomo `` Shlomi '' Hanuka ( born 15 August 1985 ) is an Israeli association football .. They previously played for Maccabi Ahi Nazareth , Hapoel Petah Tikva and Hapoel Acre , Hapoel Afula .
References
1985 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
Israeli footballers
Maccabi Haifa F.C . players
Hapoel Acre F.C . players
Hapoel Nof HaGalil F.C . players
Maccabi Ahi Nazareth F.C . players
Hapoel Herzliya F.C . players
Maccabi Ironi Bat Yam F.C . players
Hapoel Afula F.C . players
Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C . players
Hapoel Migdal HaEmek F.C . players
Hapoel Iksal F.C . players
Liga Leumit players
Israeli Premier League players
Footballers from Haifa
Association football midfielders
Any Second Now is a 1969 TV film directed by Gene Levitt and starring Stewart Granger and Lois Nettleton . The film score was composed by Leonard Rosenman .
Plot
A philandering photographer plans to kill their wife . They fail and the wife gets amnesia .
Cast
Stewart Granger as Paul Dennison
Lois Nettleton as Nancy Dennison
Joseph Campanella as Doctor Raul Valdez
Dana Wynter as Jane Peterson
Katy Jurado as Senora Vorhis
Tom Tully as Howard Lenihan
Marion Ross as Mrs Hoyt
Eileen Wesson as American Girl
Bob Hastings as Gary
Francine York as Samantha
Bill McCright as American Tourist
Victor Millan as Luis de Cordova
John Alladin as Dallas Mitchell
Production
Any Second Now was Granger 's first Hollywood film in six years . Filming began 11 February 1969 .
Reception
The Los Angeles Times called Any Second Now `` susenseful and sudsy enough to hold the viewer 's attention . ''
References
External links
1969 television films
1969 films
American television films
Films scored by Leonard Rosenman
Films about photographers
Films directed by Gene Levitt
Fristoe Township is a township in Benton County , in the U.S. state of Missouri .
Fristoe Township was formed on June 18 , 1845 , taking its name from Judge Markham Fristoe , then on the County Court Bench .
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Benton County , Missouri
In combinatorics , an abstract simplicial complex ( ASC ) , often called an abstract complex or just a complex , is a family of sets that is closed under taking subsets , i.e. , every subset of a set in the family is also in the family . It is a purely combinatorial description of the geometric notion of a simplicial complex . For example , in a 2-dimensional simplicial complex , the sets in the family are the triangles ( sets of size 3 ) , their edges ( sets of size 2 ) , and their vertices ( sets of size 1 ) .
In the context of matroids and greedoids , abstract simplicial complexes are also called independence systems .
An abstract simplex can be studied algebraically by forming its Stanley–Reisner ring ; this sets up a powerful relation between combinatorics and commutative algebra .
Definitions
A collection of non-empty finite subsets of a set S is called a set-family .
A set-family is called an abstract simplicial complex if , for every set in , and every non-empty subset , the set also belongs to .
The finite sets that belong to are called faces of the complex , and a face is said to belong to another face if , so the definition of an abstract simplicial complex can be restated as saying that every face of a face of a complex is itself a face of . The vertex set of is defined as , the union of all faces of . The elements of the vertex set are called the vertices of the complex . For every vertex v of , the set { v } is a face of the complex , and every face of the complex is a finite subset of the vertex set .
The maximal faces of ( i.e. , faces that are not subsets of any other faces ) are called facets of the complex . The dimension of a face in is defined as : faces consisting of a single element are zero-dimensional , faces consisting of two elements are one-dimensional , etc . The dimension of the complex is defined as the largest dimension of any of its faces , or infinity if there is no finite bound on the dimension of the faces .
The complex is said to be finite if it has finitely many faces , or equivalently if its vertex set is finite . Also , is said to be pure if it is finite-dimensional ( but not necessarily finite ) and every facet has the same dimension . In other words , is pure if is finite and every face is contained in a facet of dimension .
One-dimensional abstract simplicial complexes are mathematically equivalent to simple undirected graphs : the vertex set of the complex can be viewed as the vertex set of a graph , and the two-element facets of the complex correspond to undirected edges of a graph . In this view , one-element facets of a complex correspond to isolated vertices that do not have any incident edges .
A subcomplex of is an abstract simplicial complex L such that every face of L belongs to ; that is , and L is an abstract simplicial complex . A subcomplex that consists of all of the subsets of a single face of is often called a simplex of . ( However , some authors use the term `` simplex '' for a face or , rather ambiguously , for both a face and the subcomplex associated with a face , by analogy with the non-abstract ( geometric ) simplicial complex terminology . To avoid ambiguity , we do not use in this article the term `` simplex '' for a face in the context of abstract complexes ) .
The d-skeleton of is the subcomplex of consisting of all of the faces of that have dimension at most d. In particular , the 1-skeleton is called the underlying graph of . The 0-skeleton of can be identified with its vertex set , although formally it is not quite the same thing ( the vertex set is a single set of all of the vertices , while the 0-skeleton is a family of single-element sets ) .
The link of a face in , often denoted or , is the subcomplex of defined by
Note that the link of the empty set is itself .
Given two abstract simplicial complexes , and , a simplicial map is a function that maps the vertices of to the vertices of and that has the property that for any face of , the image is a face of . There is a category SCpx with abstract simplicial complexes as objects and simplicial maps as morphisms . This is equivalent to a suitable category defined using non-abstract simplicial complexes .
Moreover , the categorical point of view allows us to tighten the relation between the underlying set S of an abstract simplicial complex and the vertex set of : for the purposes of defining a category of abstract simplicial complexes , the elements of S not lying in are irrelevant . More precisely , SCpx is equivalent to the category where :
an object is a set S equipped with a collection of non-empty finite subsets that contains all singletons and such that if is in and is non-empty , then also belongs to .
a morphism from to is a function such that the image of any element of is an element of .
Geometric realization
We can associate to an abstract simplicial complex K a topological space , called its geometric realization , which is the carrier of a simplicial complex . The construction goes as follows .
First , define as a subset of consisting of functions satisfying the two conditions :
Now think of the set of elements of with finite support as the direct limit of where A range over finite subsets of S , and give that direct limit the induced topology . Now give the subspace topology .
Alternatively , let denote the category whose objects are the faces of and whose morphisms are inclusions . Next choose a total order on the vertex set of and define a functor F from to the category of topological spaces as follows . For any face X in K of dimension n , let be the standard n-simplex . The order on the vertex set then specifies a unique bijection between the elements of and vertices of , ordered in the usual way . If is a face of dimension , then this bijection specifies a unique m-dimensional face of . Define to be the unique affine linear embedding of as that distinguished face of , such that the map on vertices is order-preserving .
We can then define the geometric realization as the colimit of the functor F. More specifically is the quotient space of the disjoint union
by the equivalence relation that identifies a point with its image under the map , for every inclusion .
Finite case
If K is finite , then we can describe more simply . Choose an embedding of the vertex set of K as an affinely independent subset of some Euclidean space of sufficiently high dimension N. Then any face X in K can be identified with the geometric simplex in spanned by the corresponding embedded vertices . Take to be the union of all such simplices .
If K is the standard combinatorial n-simplex , then can be naturally identified with .
Examples
1 . Let V be a finite set of cardinality . The combinatorial n-simplex with vertex-set V is an ASC whose faces are all nonempty subsets of V ( i.e. , it is the power set of V ) . If then this ASC is called the standard combinatorial n-simplex .
2 . Let G be an undirected graph . The clique complex of G is an ASC whose faces are all cliques ( complete subgraphs ) of G. The independence complex of G is an ASC whose faces are all independent sets of G ( it is the clique complex of the complement graph of G ) . Clique complexes are the prototypical example of flag complexes . A flag complex is a complex K with the property that every set of elements that pairwise belong to faces of K is itself a face of K .
3 . Let H be a hypergraph . A matching in H is a set of edges of H , in which every two edges are disjoint . The matching complex of H is an ASC whose faces are all matchings in H. It is the independence complex of the line graph of H .
4 . Let P be a partially ordered set ( poset ) . The order complex of P is an ASC whose faces are all finite chains in P. Its homology groups and other topological invariants contain important information about the poset P .
5 . Let M be a metric space and δ a real number . The Vietoris–Rips complex is an ASC whose faces are the finite subsets of M with diameter at most δ . It has applications in homology theory , hyperbolic groups , image processing , and mobile ad hoc networking . It is another example of a flag complex .
6 . Let be a square-free monomial ideal in a polynomial ring ( that is , an ideal generated by products of subsets of variables ) . Then the exponent vectors of those square-free monomials of that are not in determine an abstract simplicial complex via the map . In fact , there is a bijection between ( non-empty ) abstract simplicial complexes on vertices and square-free monomial ideals in . If is the square-free ideal corresponding to the simplicial complex then the quotient is known as the Stanley–Reisner ring of .
7 . For any open covering C of a topological space , the nerve complex of C is an abstract simplicial complex containing the sub-families of C with a non-empty intersection .
Enumeration
The number of abstract simplicial complexes on up to n labeled elements ( that is on a set S of size n ) is one less than the nth Dedekind number . These numbers grow very rapidly , and are known only for ; the Dedekind numbers are ( starting with n = 0 ) :
1 , 2 , 5 , 19 , 167 , 7580 , 7828353 , 2414682040997 , 56130437228687557907787 . This corresponds to the number of non-empty antichains of subsets of an set .
The number of abstract simplicial complexes whose vertices are exactly n labeled elements is given by the sequence `` 1 , 2 , 9 , 114 , 6894 , 7785062 , 2414627396434 , 56130437209370320359966 '' , starting at n = 1 . This corresponds to the number of antichain covers of a labeled n-set ; there is a clear bijection between antichain covers of an n-set and simplicial complexes on n elements described in terms of their maximal faces .
The number of abstract simplicial complexes on exactly n unlabeled elements is given by the sequence `` 1 , 2 , 5 , 20 , 180 , 16143 '' , starting at n = 1 .
Relation to other concepts
An abstract simplicial complex with an additional property called the augmentation property or the exchange property yields a matroid . The following expression shows the relations between the terms :
HYPERGRAPHS = SET-FAMILIES ⊃ INDEPENDENCE-SYSTEMS = ABSTRACT-SIMPLICIAL-COMPLEXES ⊃ MATROIDS .
See also
Kruskal–Katona theorem
Simplicial set
References
Algebraic topology
Families of sets
Simplicial sets
Shakespeare Sarani ( earlier Theatre Road ) is a street running in the central business district of Kolkata , India , from Park Circus to Chowringhee Road ( Birla Planetarium ) . It was renamed on 24 April 1964 after William Shakespeare , to mark the fourth birth centenary of the legendary playwright . It is considered to be a high street of Kolkata with many commercial establishments , offices , shops and restaurants situated by the road . It intersects with other important roads in the CBD like Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road , Camac Street , Loudon Street and Rawdon Street . Few other roads like , Little Russel Street , Wood Street , Picasso Bithi & Lord Sinha Road criss-crosses or merge into Shakespeare Sarani from North or South . West of Birla Planetarium crossing , Shakespeare Sarani becomes Queen 's Way .
History
At the corner of Chowringhee Road and Theatre Road was the Theatre of Calcutta from 1813 to 1839 . It was burnt down by fire and never rebuilt .
Geography
Landmarks
Astor Hotel
AC Market ( The first air-conditioned shopping mall in Kolkata )
Bharatiya Bhasha Parishad ( Indian Language Council )
Consulate of Philippines
Duckback House
Express Tower ( houses number of food outlets and offices )
International Club ( earlier Swiss Club )
Jasmine Tower
Kala Mandir
L & T House ( at Little Russell Street crossing )
Marda Plaza ( A retail cum commercial complex )
Nagaland House
New B K Market
New Kenilworth Hotel ( at Little Russell Street crossing )
Premlata building
Rani Birla Girls ' College
Shakespeare Court ( at Camac Street crossing )
Sri Aurobindo Bhavan
State Archive
The Legacy
Unilever House
Police district
Shakespere Sarani police station is part of the South division of Kolkata Police . Located at 34A , Shakespeare Sarani , Kolkata-700017 , it has jurisdiction over the police district which is bordered on the north from the south-west corner of the junction of Park Street , Outram Road and Jawaharlal Nehru Road ( old Chowringhee Road ) , then crossing Jawaharlal Nehru Road to the south east corner of the junction of the Park Street and Jawaharlal Nehru Road and thence eastward by the southern limits of Park Street to Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road , then crossing Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road up to the south-east corner of the junction of Park Street and Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road .
It is bordered on the east from the south-east corner of the junction of Park Street and Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road ( old Lower Circular Road ) , then southward by the eastern limits of the Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road up to the south-east corner of the junction of Beck Bagan Row , Circus Avenue and Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road .
It is bordered on the south from the south-east corner of the junction of Beck Bagan Row , Circus Avenue and Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road ( old Lower Circular Road ) , thence westward by the southern limits of Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road to Jawaharlal Nehru Road ( old Chowringhee Road ) , then crossing Jawaharlal Nehru Road up to the south-west corner of the junction of Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road and Jawaharlal Nehru Road .
It is bordered on the west from the south-west corner of the junction of Acharya Jagadish Chandra Bose Road ( old Lower Circular Road ) and Jawaharlal Nehru Road ( old Chowringhee Road ) . Thence north-ward by the western limits of Jawaharlal Nehru Road up to the south-west corner of the junction of Park Street , Outram Road and Jawaharlal Nehru Road .
See also - Shakespeare Sarani police district map
Tollygunge Women 's police station has jurisdiction over all the police districts in the South Division , i.e . Park Street , Shakespeare Sarani , Alipore , Hastings , Maidan , Bhowanipore , Kalighat , Tollygunge , Charu Market , New Alipur and Chetla .
References
Streets in Kolkata
Greens Lake is a private , all-sports , 117-acre lake along the main branch of the Clinton River .
The lake lies within Independence Township in Oakland County , Michigan .
The lake has a maximum depth of 55 feet .
Greens Lake connects to Lester Lake and Van Norman Lake to the south and Dollar Lake , Middle Lake and Deer Lake to the north .
Namesake
Greens Lake was named for the Green Family who owned a 200-acre farm along the eastern shore of the lake .
In 1832 , John Green ( b.1794-d.1851 ) , along with their wife Elinor ( b.1802-d.1883 ) and their ten children settled on sections 28 and 29 in Independence Township , Michigan from their Warren County , New Jersey home .
After John Green 's death in 1851 , their son , Daniel Green ( b . 1828 , d. 1918 ) , along with Daniel 's wife Julia ( b . 1826 , d. 1914 ) took over the family farm in sections 29 and 32 on Waterford Hill in Independence Township .
The farm was located along the lake that was originally called Green 's Lake but over time was called Greens Lake , without the apostrophe .
Bay Court Park
On the south shore of Greens Lake is Bay Court Park . The Independence Township park features a sandy beach , a playscape , a 9-hole disc golf course , picnic pavilions , a banquet/meeting facility , and a gazebo .
Prior to Bay Court Park becoming an Independence Township park , it was a camp . The Boy Scouts camped at Camp Brady on Greens Lake and across the street ( Andersonville Road ) on Lester Lake from 1921 through 1946 .
In 1946 , the camp was sold to the United Way and was used as a camp for mothers and children through 1972 . It was also used by the Detroit Public Schools for underprivileged children .
The camp was sold in 1988 to Independence Township .
References
External links
Lakes of Oakland County , Michigan
Lakes of Michigan
Lakes of Independence Township , Michigan
The Lady of Perpetual Help Cathedral ( ) or simply Cathedral of Niamey , is a religious building of the Catholic Church located in Niamey , the capital city of the African country of Niger .
The temple began as a parish church in 1931 , in May 1948 adopted its current name of Perpetual Help . Follow the Roman or Latin rite and functions as the headquarters of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Niamey ( Archidioecesis Niameyensis ) which was created in 2007 by Pope Benedict XVI through the bull `` Cum Ecclesia Catholica '' .
In January 2015 an important safety device in the cathedral after several churches were attacked by Muslim radicals as a consequence of the publication of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo was deployed .
See also
Roman Catholicism in Niger
Our Lady of Perpetual Help Church ( disambiguation )
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Niger
Buildings and structures in Niamey
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1931
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings
Hochen Tan ( ; born 6 December 1950 ) is a Taiwanese politician . They were the Minister of Transportation and Communications of the Republic of China from 20 May 2016 until 16 July 2018 . They are the elder brother of Hocheng Hong .
Education
Hochen obtained their bachelor 's degree in civil engineering from National Chung Hsing University in 1973 , and their master 's degree in urban and regional planning from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University in the United States in 1980 .
Transportation and Communications Minister
2016 APEC Tourism Ministerial Meeting
Hochen led a delegation from Taiwan to attend the APEC Tourism Ministerial Meeting on 28–29 May 2016 in Peru .
References
1950 births
Living people
Taiwanese Ministers of Transportation and Communications
National Chung Hsing University alumni
Virginia Tech alumni
Norma Pratelli Parenti ( Monterotondo Marittimo , 1 June 1921 – Massa Marittima , 23 June 1944 ) was an Italian partisan , honored with a gold medal for military valor ( in memory ) .
Biography
Norma was born in the Podere `` Zuccantine di Sopra '' area , located today in Monterotondo Marittimo but then the Municipality of Massa Marittima , daughter of Estewan and Roma Camerini . In their adult life , they joined the semi-clandestine organization called Azione Cattolica , joining the Circolo of `` Santa Giovanna D'Arco '' operating inside the hospice `` S.Chiara '' .
Starting from 1941 , they resided for a year in the spiritual retreat of Villa SantaRegina in Siena , and in March 1942 in the Compagnia delle figlie dimesse di S. Angela Merici with the intent to join them , but then they abandoned this . In fact , in the summer of 1942 , having already moved to Massa Marittima , they became engaged to Mario Pratelli , from Agordo , who they married on 31 March 1943 and on 29 December of the same year , Alberto Mario Pratelli was born , the only son of Norma and Mario .
After the Armistice of Cassibile , they actively participated in the Italian Liberation War , in the ranks of the Grosseto 's Resistance as a partisan in the `` Amiata '' Group of the 23rd Garibaldi Brigade , collecting money and aid for the partisans , hosting the fugitives , hosting former Allied prisoners , procuring arms and munitions and personally participating in various war actions .
In a trattoria in Massa Marittima , managed by their mother , Norma led to desertion many foreign war prisoners to join the partisan gangs . It was one of these prisoners , a Mongolian soldier , who betrayed Norma and permitted their arrest together with their mother on the evening of 22 June 1944 .
After being fiercely tortured , Norma Pratelli Parenti was shot the same evening by the retreating German troops . Them torn body was found the next day . In their memory it was decreed that the Gold Medal of Military Valour would be dedicated to their memory .
Dedications
A primary school of Populonia has been entitled with their name , while there are many streets named after them in Massa Marittima , Grosseto , Follonica , Piombino , Rome , and Fizzonasco .
The song `` Norma , per non dimenticare '' has been recorded by the choir `` Le Donne di Magliano '' and is one of the tracks of the cd `` Donne che cantano le Donne '' ( 2017 )
Honors
Decorated with a Gold Medal of Military Valour .
« Young bride and mother , between massacres and persecutions , while German and Fascist anger raged on the Maremma coast , they did not give rest to their body nor did they bend their will as a rescuer , animator , fighter and martyr . They gave the victims the forbidden burial , provided hospitality to the fugitives , freedom and salvation to the prisoners , munitions and food to the partisans and in the days of terror , when fear closed all doors and made the streets deserted , with an intrepid pity they gave courage to fearful people and increased confidence to the strongest ones . On the night of June 22nd , brought out of their home , tortured by the ferocious bestiality of their executioners , they died , a sublime offering to the Fatherland , a generous soul . »
– Massa Marittima , June 1944 .
Notes
Bibliography
Riccardo Bicicchi ( regia di ) , Il terzo giorno d'estate , docufilm , 2014 .
Magazine
Riccardo Michelucci , Norma come Antigone contro i nazifascisti , Avvenire , Roma , 16 marzo 2013 .
External links
Italian partisans
Female resistance members of World War II
Recipients of the Gold Medal of Military Valor
People executed by Nazi Germany by firing squad
1921 births
1944 deaths
People from Massa Marittima
NAAI is a sportswear company headquartered in Belgrade , Serbia .
History
NAAI was founded in 1979 as a small textile firm in the Belgrade neighbourhood of Vračar , but quickly expanded to include the production of sportswear . By the late 1980s the company opened its first polygon for the manufacturing of sports shoes , quickly expanding into the production of Cycling paraphanelia . The company has offices in its native Serbia , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , Austria , Germany , France , Switzerland , Sweden and Denmark .
Sponsorships
The following teams wear uniforms and apparel manufactured by NAAI :
American Football
Belgrade Blue Dragons
Basketball
Dynamic
Football
Sloboda Tuzla
Zeta
Jedinstvo
Bečej 1918
Borac Čačak
Inđija
Mačva Šabac
Metalac G.M .
Proleter Novi Sad
Rad
Radnički 1923
Sinđelić Beograd
Sloboda Užice
Voždovac
Žarkovo
Woman football clubs
Breznica
Rad
Handball
Bosna Sarajevo
Vojvodina
Tennis
National team
Serbia
References
External links
Sportswear brands
Clothing companies of Serbia
Clothing brands of Serbia
Serbian brands
Statistics of North American Soccer League in season 1983 . This was the 16th and penultimate season of the NASL .
Overview
There were 12 teams in the league . The Tulsa Roughnecks won the championship . Though Vancouver won two more games than any other club , for the fourth time in league history , the team with the most wins did not win the regular season due to the NASL 's system of awarding points .
Changes from the previous season
New teams
Team America
Teams folding
Edmonton Drillers
Jacksonville Tea Men
Portland Timbers
Teams moving
None
Name changes
San Jose to Golden Bay
Regular season
W = Wins , L = Losses , GF = Goals For , GA = Goals Against , PT= point system
6 points for a win in regulation and overtime , 4 point for a shootout win ,
0 points for a loss ,
1 bonus point for each regulation goal scored , up to three per game .
-Premiers ( most points ) . -Best record . -Other playoff teams .
NASL All-Stars
Playoffs
Bracket
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Soccer Bowl '83
1983 NASL Champions : Tulsa Roughnecks
Post season awards
Most Valuable Player : Roberto Cabanas , New York
Coach of the year : Don Popovic , Golden Bay
Rookie of the year : Gregg Thompson , Tampa Bay
North American Player of the Year : Tino Lettieri , Vancouver
Soccer Bowl MVP : Njego Pesa , Tulsa
References
External links
Video highlights of 1983 season
Complete Results and Standings
North American Soccer League ( 1968–1984 ) seasons
1983 in American soccer leagues
1983 in Canadian soccer
HAWT may refer to :
Health and welfare trust
Horizontal-axis wind turbine
Slang for physical attractiveness or sexual arousal ( because it sounds like the English word hot )
The Hawt House , a fictional location in the video game WarioWare : Touched !
China Movie Channel ( ) , the trade name of ( ) , an agency at the Chinese Government 's State Administration of Press , Publication , Radio , Film and Television . In mainland China , the agency provides programming to the China Central Television channel CCTV-6 , which is dedicated to movies . It airs CCTV New Year 's Gala since February 18 , 1996 .
Programs
World Film Report ( 世界电影之旅 )
China Film Report ( 中国电影报道 )
The Best ( Jia Pian You Yue ) ( 佳片有约 )
Movie Weekly ( 光影周刊 )
Golden Times ( 流金岁月 )
Love Movie Series ( `` 爱-电影 '' 系列 )
Type of films played
故事片 , Narrative Film
译制片 , Translated Film
专题片 , Special Film
Film collaborations
Transformers : Age of Extinction ( 2014 ) ( with Paramount Pictures , Platinum Dunes , and di Bonaventura Pictures )
Mission : Impossible – Rogue Nation ( 2015 ) ( with Bad Robot Productions , Skydance Productions , TC Productions , and Alibaba Pictures )
Oversea programming
These channels bear the China Movie Channel name , but they differ from the mainland equivalent in scheduling .
China Movie Channel ( Hong Kong )
China Movie Channel ( North America )
China Movie Channel International
1905.com
1905.com is the official website and online streaming service of China Movie Channel . It is named after the year 1905 , when Dingjun Mountain ( the first Chinese language film ) was released . It was originally hosted on the m1905.com domain , but it later moved to the current one . The website is operated by 1905 ( Beijing ) Network Technology Co. , Ltd .
See also
China Movie Channel Media Awards
References
External links
Introduction page at the State Administration of Press , Publication , Radio , Film and Television
Official Site
China Central Television channels
Government agencies of China
Cinema of China
Television channels and stations established in 1996
The Institute for Theoretical Computer Science ( ITCS ; ) is a scholastic research institute headed by Professor Andrew Chi-Chih Yao at Tsinghua University in Beijing . In 2010 , the institute became part of Tsinghua University 's Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences .
The ITCS has hosted several academic events , including the tenth International Conference on Theory and Practice of Public-Key Cryptography ( PKC ) on April 16–20 , 2007 .
External links
ITCS homepage
Tsinghua University
Research institutes in China
George T. Shaheen ( born July 11 , 1944 ) is an American business person . They became chief executive at management consulting firm Andersen Consulting in 1989 , and in 1999 became CEO of Webvan . Shaheen was CEO of Siebel Systems from 2005 until 2006 .
Early life and education
George Shaheen was born in 1944 and grew up with their twin Gerald in Elmwood , Illinois . Shaheen is an American of Lebanese descent . At age 13 they worked at the family grocery shop in town . They hold a master 's degree in finance from Bradley University , graduating in 1967 and going to work at Arthur Andersen .
Career
Andersen
They were sent by Arthur Andersen in 1977 in South Bend , Indiana and moved in 1986 to Silicon Valley . They became the chief at Andersen 's consulting arm in 1989 , and `` oversaw the move to set up Andersen Consulting as a free-standing unit . '' They were chief executive at management consulting firm Andersen Consulting from 1989 . At Andersen , as CEO `` its revenue increased from $ 1.1 billion to $ 8.3 billion . '' They were CEO until 1999 , before moving on to online grocer Webvan . The move `` shocked colleagues '' at Andersen Consulting . After they left Andersen Consulting , it was renamed Accenture , and Shaheen missed out on the windfall of the Accenture initial public offering .
Webvan
They joined Webvan while it was `` one of the largest start-ups during the Dot-com Bubble , '' with plans to deliver online grocery orders within 30 minutes . Their Webvan employment agreement , signed September 19 , 1999 was filed with the SEC . Under Shaheen , the company underwent an IPO in November 1999 , raising $ 375 million with stocks soaring , and the company valued at $ 8.45 billion . Shares afterwards dropped sharply with the dotcom bubble . They resigned as CEO of WebVan in April 2001 . Their retirement pack included collecting $ 375,000 each year for the rest of their life from WebVan . Webvan declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2001 . When the company filed bankruptcy , Shaheen became an unsecured creditor . In 2010 , Business Insider named them one of the 15 Worst CEOs in American History , citing their involvement with Webvan .
Siebel Systems
Appointed on April 13 , 2005 , in 2005-2006 , Shaheen was CEO of Siebel Systems , Inc. and served as CEO when it merged with Oracle in 2005 , five months after their appointment as CEO . They had joined the Siebel Systems board in 1995 , and they remained a director after becoming CEO . They did not stay on with Oracle after the merger .
In 2013 , they were on the board of [ 24 ] 7 .
Cultural references
George Shaheen was the target of parody cartoon Bigtime Consulting , which parodied Andersen Consulting and had a very similar CEO character named George Unseen .
Personal life
In 1999 , they lived in Silicon Valley . They have been married to Darlene Shaheen since 1984 .
References
American technology chief executives
Bradley University alumni
American people of Lebanese descent
1944 births
Living people
Rosa Scarlatti ( 1727– 15 December 1775 ) was an Italian opera singer .
They were the niece of Alessandro or Domenico Scarlatti and the sister of composer Giuseppe Scarlatti ( 1723-1777 ) . They married composer Francesco Uttini in 1753 , and became the mother of the ballet dancer Carlo Uttini .
Rosa Scarlatti was active as an opera singer in Florence in 1747 . In 1752-53 and again in 1755–57 , they were engaged in the Italian Opera company at the Swedish royal court . They also performed at Public concerts at the Swedish House of Lords . After the Italian Opera company was dissolved , they served as a concert singer at the royal court : they were still paid salary in the capacity of a court singer in 1772 , though by this time they were no longer deemed suitable to serve .
References
https : //web.archive.org/web/20120227151329/http : //www.riddarhuset.se/jsp/admin/archive/sbdocarchive/Vetenskap_ % 20Konst.pdf ( In Swedish )
Gunhild Karle ( 2002 ) . Kungl . Hovmusiken i Stockholm och dess utövare 1697–1771 . Uppsala : TryckJouren .
Eleanor Selfridge-Field : A New Chronology of Venetian Opera and Related Genres , 1660-1760
Fredrik August Dahlgren : Förteckning öfver svenska skådespel uppförda på Stockholms theatrar 1737-1863 och Kongl . Theatrarnes personal 1773–1863 . Med flera anteckningar . sid 50-51
1727 births
1775 deaths
Italian opera singers
18th-century Italian people
Age of Liberty people
Italian emigrants to Sweden
The olive-colored white-eye ( Zosterops oleagineus ) , also known as the olive white-eye , Yap olive white-eye or great Yap white-eye , is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae .
Distribution and habitat
It is endemic to the Micronesian island of Yap . Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland and mangrove forests . It is threatened by habitat loss .
Taxonomy
It is often placed in the genus Rukia with the teardrop and long-billed white-eyes and is most similar in plumage to the former .
References
olive-colored white-eye
Birds of Yap
olive-colored white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Aroon Tikekar or Aruṇa Ṭikekara ( 1 February 1944 – 19 January 2016 ) was an Indian scholar and authority on Mumbai , as well as a journalist . They wrote over 20 books . They died on 19 January 2016 due to breathing related complications . The noted journalist authored over 20 books in Marathi as well as in English . They are the recipient of several literary and journalism awards , and was a adjunct professor in the Department of Journalism and Communications , University of Pune .
Career
Aroon Tikekar was born in a family of authors and journalists .
They worked as a college teacher for some years , then became the Language and Literature Expert and Acquisitions Specialist at the US Library of Congress Office in New Delhi .
Their career in newspapers started with a job as Reference Chief with the Times of India
They then became a Senior Assistant Editor with the Maharashtra Times .
As Archival Research Chief at the Times of India they were responsible for writing the official history of the 150 years old newspaper .
They were appointed editor of the Marathi newspaper Loksatta , published by the Indian Express Group , and held that position from 1991 to 2002 .
As of 2009 they were a Adjunct Professor in the Department of Journalism and Communications at the University of Pune .
They are the recipient of several literary and journalism awards .
Aroon Tikekar is an ardent defender of the Marathi language press .
In June 2010 , as President of the Asiatic Society of Mumbai , Tikekar inaugurated the Observer Research Foundation 's Maharashtra @ 50 Study Centre .
The Asiatic Society has a collection of over 200,000 books , some rare . Tikekar has been active in campaigning for funds to restore books that are suffering from the damaging effects of heat , humidity and insects .
In October 2010 they lashed out against the University of Mumbai 's decision to drop Rohinton Mistry 's controversial book Such a Long Journey from its syllabus .
Books
To support their research , Aroon Tikekar has built a collection of about 3,000 rare books , mostly on British India and the British Presidency of Bombay .
They have written more than twenty books in Marathi and in English .
Their PhD thesis The Kincaids , Two Generation of a British Family in the Indian Civil Service was published as a book , exploring the lives of the civil servants and authors Charles Augustus Kincaid and their son Dennis Kincaid .
Marathi books include Jan-Man and Sthal-Kaal . Their lectures given at the University of Mumbai on Justice Mahadev Govind Ranade were published in their book Ranade – The Renaissance Man .
In 2006 they published The cloister 's pale : a biography of the University of Mumbai which interweaves the history of the university with the history of the city .
Their 2009 book Mumbai De-Intellectualised : Rise and Decline of a Culture of Thinking explores the growth of intellectual activity in Mumbai under British colonial rule , which continued into the 1960s and 1970s , and discusses the causes of the gradual decline in more recent times .
Bibliography
Marathi language books which reproduce their newspaper columns include :
Samaaj-Spandane , Taratamya ( 5 vols ) ,
Jana-Mana ,
Sthala-Kaal ,
Aswastha Maharashtra ( 2 vols ) ,
Kaalmeemansaa
Saramsha
English language books include :
See also
List of Indian writers
References
1944 births
Journalists from Maharashtra
Writers from Mumbai
Marathi-language writers
Savitribai Phule Pune University faculty
Indian columnists
2016 deaths
Toy Porno ( also known as Toy P ) is a self-released experimental art film by The Frogs . The amateur videotape was compiled in October 1993 , as a gift for Kurt Cobain . It would soon become frequent viewing material on the Nirvana tour bus , and later on the Foo Fighters tour bus as well . Later , after generated copies began circulating amongst fans , the band began selling copies at shows . The tape is only available in VHS format . The band plans to release a DVD version but want to digitally re-create the compilation from the original masters and need time and funds to do so . The file is available for download online in AVI format through various outlets .
The title of the film refers to several short film sketches that feature action figures , dolls and knick-knack toys having adult conversations and performing sexual acts . The shorts sometimes use stop-motion animation . Mingled within the shorts are home videos and concert performances that include many cover songs played in a joking and spontaneous manner .
Sketches
In the Brian T. Komar Interview , Jimmy Flemion rants about the Patti Smith song , `` 25th Floor '' , satirically calling it `` 23rd Floor '' , to which the interviewer responds by proposing the interviewee is on drugs .
In Pony Killer ( Bagism ) , the brothers Flemion use the Lennon/Ono `` trash bag '' technique on a young Asian girl , referring to them as `` Yoko '' .
During a live performance of `` I 've Got Drugs ( Out of the Mist ) '' , Dennis Flemion berates a bumbling soundman , famously singing , `` you are not getting paid tonight ! ''
Video order ( track listing )
1 . `` Easy to Be Hard '' † ( Intro ) ( June 1982 )
2 . Animal Adventure # 1
3 . `` Someone 's Pinning Me to the Ground '' ( Milwaukee , 27 February 1992 )
4 . Animal Adventure # 2
5 . `` Here Comes My Girl '' † ( Garage 1980 )
6 . Animal Adventure # 3
7 . `` Mr . Right '' ( Milwaukee , 22 August 1991 )
8 . Animal Adventure # 4
9 . `` Satan 's in the Manger ''
10 . `` Jesus Book # 1-3 ''
11 . `` He 's the Prince '' ( Minneapolis , 28 October 1984 )
12 . Over the Flames
13 . `` Been a Year Since I Had a Boy '' ( Living Room Tapes , 22 February 1988 )
14 . Dinosaurs Must Eat
15 . `` I 've Got Drugs ( Out of the Mist ) '' ( Milwaukee , 1 November 1988 )
16 . T. Rex Sex
17 . `` Blues Jam '' / '' Hot Cock Annie '' ( Madison , 1 October 1988 )
18 . Toy Dog w/ Dinosaur Background
19 . `` White Rabbit '' † ( Milwaukee , 18 August 1989 )
20 . T.V . Nightmare
21 . `` I 'm a Strolling Minstrel ''
22 . Brian T. Komar Interview Pt.1
23 . Covers Medley ( Milwaukee , 18 February 1989 ) :
a . `` Nightmares '' †
b . `` Every Rose Has Its Thorn '' †
c. `` Immigrant Song '' †
d. `` Birthday '' †
e. `` Stand '' † / `` Hang on Sloopy '' † / `` La Bondage '' † ( `` La Bamba '' )
f. `` Winchester Cathedral '' †
24 . Camping Trip # 1
25 . Camping Trip # 2
26 . `` Yesterday '' † ( June 1982 )
27 . `` I Do n't Care If U Disrespect Me ( Just So You Love Me ) '' ( Philadelphia , 13 December 1991 )
28 . Pony Killer ( Bagism )
29 . `` These Are the Finest Queen Boys ( I 've Ever Seen ) '' ( Chicago , 11 April 1992 )
30 . `` These Are the Finest Queen Boys ( I 've Ever Seen ) '' ( Milwaukee , 27 February 1992 )
31 . `` Smells Like Teen Spirit '' / '' Territorial Pissings '' † ( Milwaukee , 27 February 1992 )
32 . `` Territorial Pissings '' † ( Chicago , 1 February 1992 )
33 . `` When Doves Cry '' † ( Minneapolis , 21 August 1984 )
34 . Segment from the John Ankerberg Show ( `` Gather 'Round for Savior # 2 '' )
35 . Clown of Thorns ( Louisville , 9 August 1993 )
36 . `` Easy to be Hard ( Reprise ) '' † ( June 1982 )
† denotes cover song .
Soundtrack
Music from Toy Porno ( later released on CD as Sad Bits and More Sad Bits ) is a self-released soundtrack , chiefly composed of piano instrumentals .
Side A
the angry heavens
poisoning strangers
the first in a series of disasters
waltzing on a window ledge
lost in a snowstorm
lullaby
paper clouds
blue sunflowers
black-eyed sparrow
feathers in bloom
forbidden
a marriage of arrows
lasting kisses
cautious lovers
returning light
living in a house of secrets
burning the wedding invitations
tower of cowards
pledging their devotion to their ( always )
spellbound
saddle down whinny will ya
the man you want wears cuckoo fur
Side B
waking lions
ascending stairs
exiled
twilight fears no wolf
opening windows
whirling in a dying room
two hearts parting
the mist that missed its mark
when rain reigns
the longing
the begging
the queen 's escort
stairs go ech , ech , echoing on
the danger in shadows calling
children of deflowerland
le grande display of sorrow
the scolding mildly
Russia in tears
king stranger 's court
if there ever was light
palace the ball on the tip of your foes
song for janice
smacking the pussys of a bonofide gangster
See also
Vieuphoria
Broken
Notes
https : //web.archive.org/web/20081011193950/http : //www.thefrogsarchive.com/store/toyporno.html
https : //web.archive.org/web/20081203162732/http : //www.thefrogsarchive.com/self-released/toyp-music.html
http : //www.thefuton.com/frogs/discog.txt
https : //web.archive.org/web/20071107065647/http : //www.thefrogsarchive.com/collection/videos/toy-porno/insert.jpg
The Frogs ( band ) video albums
Puppet films
1990s English-language films
Novye Vikri ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative centre of Novovikrinsky Selsoviet , Kayakentsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 3,338 as of 2010 . There are 45 streets .
Geography
Novye Vikri is located 15 km south of Novokayakent ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Krasnopartizansk and Gerga are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
Agnieszka Perepeczko ( born 6 May 1942 ) is an actor , best known for their performances after their emigration to Australia .
Perepeczko was born in Warsaw , Poland . In 1966 they graduated at Aleksander Zelwerowicz State Theatre Academy in Warsaw . They are best remembered for their appearance in the television series Prisoner , in which they played East German concentration camp survivor Hannah Geldschmidt .
They were married to the late Marek Perepeczko .
External links
Interview with Agnieszka Perepeczko
1942 births
Living people
Actresses from Warsaw
Polish actores
Polish emigrants to Australia
Australian television actores
Richards Inlet ( ) is a large ice-filled inlet at the mouth of Lennox-King Glacier , opening to the Ross Ice Shelf just southeast of Lewis Ridge . Named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition ( NZGSAE ) ( 1959–60 ) for R.W . Richards , a member of the Ross Sea Party of the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition ( 1914–17 ) , who assisted in laying depots as far south as Mount Hope for Shackleton 's proposed crossing of Antarctica .
Inlets of Antarctica
Shackleton Coast
The lesser honeyguide ( Indicator minor ) is a species of bird in the family Indicatoridae .
Range
It is found in Angola , Benin , Botswana , Burkina Faso , Burundi , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Chad , Republic of the Congo , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Ivory Coast , Equatorial Guinea , Eritrea , Eswatini , Ethiopia , Gabon , Gambia , Ghana , Guinea , Guinea-Bissau , Kenya , Lesotho , Liberia , Malawi , Mali , Mozambique , Namibia , Niger , Nigeria , Rwanda , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Somalia , South Africa , Sudan , Tanzania , Togo , Uganda , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
References
External links
Lesser honeyguide - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds .
YouTube Video : lesser honeyguide ( Indicator minor )
lesser honeyguide
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
lesser honeyguide
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Calling the Hogs is a tradition of University of Arkansas students , alumni , and sports fans . The origin and date of first use are not known . The cheer is the best-known cheer at the University .
The tradition is said to have started in the 1920s when people attempted to encourage a Razorback football team that was losing .
The next home game produced a group who repeated the cheer often .
The Hog call is not confined to Razorback Stadium , where it is used before every kickoff , and may be used in locales such as airports and hotels where Razorback fans unite .
Procedure
Fans begin a hog call with a `` Woo '' , which increases in volume and also includes raising the arms with fingers wiggling up and down . Razorback fans have stated that the Woo should last eight seconds . The arms are brought down during the `` pig '' and the hands are clenched into a fist . `` Sooie '' is accompanied with a fist pump . After the third call , `` Razorbacks '' is added with two additional fist pumps .
Lyrics
Woooooooooo , Pig ! Sooie !
Woooooooooo , Pig ! Sooie !
Woooooooooo , Pig ! Sooie !
Razorbacks !
Etymology
The distinctive call is likely a degraded form of Latin , as the Razorback , or wild boar , is a member of the pig family , which in the Linnean classification ( Latin ) naming system is Suidae . 'Sooie ' is a pig-calling call in northeast England , as is 'Giss giss ' .
See also
Hog calling
References
University of Arkansas
Arkansas Razorbacks
Devil 's Pool is a natural pool at the confluence of three streams near Babinda , Queensland , Australia .
Devil 's Pool or Devil 's pool may also refer to :
Devil 's Pool ( Victoria Falls ) , a natural pool at the edge of Victoria Falls , Africa that is occasionally safe for swimming
Devil 's Pool ( Pennsylvania ) the section of Cresheim Creek just before its confluence with Wissahickon Creek in Philadelphia
Devil 's pool ( billiards ) , a form of pool ( pocket billiards ) native to Australia , making use of upright obelisk-like `` pins '' as targets and/or obstacles , depending upon game variant
The Devil 's Pool , the title generally given to English translations of George Sand 's novel La Mare au diable
International Student Volunteers ( ISV ) is a voluntourism not-for-profit organization based in Yorba Linda , California . It provides educational volunteer and travel adventure programs to university students and youth internationally . ISV has offices in each host country it operates in and is also established in Australia as International Student Volunteers Pty Ltd with a head office in Sydney .
Founded in 1982 by Randy Sykes under the name ‘ Youth in Action ' , ISV has been offering volunteer and adventure programs since 2002 . Since then over 30,000 students have traveled with ISV and contributed nearly three million hours of volunteer service to projects in Australia , New Zealand , Costa Rica , The Dominican Republic , Romania , Croatia , Bosnia , the United States , Thailand , Ecuador and South Africa . It has been selected as one of the top ten volunteer organizations in the world by the International Voluntary Service Task Force , part of the US Center for Citizen Diplomacy .
In 2011 , ISV also received the award for 'Outstanding Project of the Year ' by the World Youth Student and Travel Confederation ( WYSTC ) in Barcelona for its San Juanillo Sustainable Development project in Costa Rica . In 2013 , it made the top three for the Happy Feet Children 's Development project in South Africa , and was runner-up in 2014 for Blue Moon , a Community Development and Children 's Health Education Program in the Dominican Republic .
Most of ISV 's participants are university students in the USA , Canada , the UK , Australia and New Zealand . The ISV program is open to all individuals 18 and over ( i.e . not limited to students ) , is offered during the summer months ( both Northern and Southern Hemisphere summers ) , and is composed of a two or four-week program in selected countries . ISV also offers 3-week high school programs for students aged between 15 and 18 in Costa Rica , Thailand , The Dominican Republic and New Zealand .
The program
Volunteer project
Participants spend their first two weeks in groups of approximately , 10 plus a qualified ISV Project Leader , doing hands-on volunteer activities directly with selected partner host organizations . These are generally small , grass-roots organizations working to improve their local environment and/or the lives of the local community members . Some of the more internationally recognized host organizations that ISV works with include : Habitat for Humanity , Conservation International and Conservation Volunteers Australia . ISV also runs several of its own grassroots volunteer projects internationally . ISV carefully assesses each project that they choose for safety and sustainability , among other areas .
Projects may be conservation , humanitarian ( social community development ) or a mixture of both . Past projects have included children 's education programs , bush land regeneration , sea turtle conservation , working at an Elephant Nature Park , teaching English , house building projects , sustainable development and education projects and wildlife surveys and data collection . International Student Volunteers forms long-term relationships with many of the host organizations , such as with the Wild Mountains Trust , a non-profit organization in Australia focused on environmental education where ISV volunteers have been working for 10 years .
Adventure Tour
The second component of the program consists of two weeks of travel , exploration , discovery and adventure in the host country . Tour group sizes are generally larger , bringing together multiple project groups to meet and interact on the tour component . The tour is run and operated by ISV with an ISV Tour Leader . Participants travel throughout their host country and learn about the environment and culture of the country , while they take part in activities such as white water rafting , city tours , horseback riding , snorkeling , glacier treks , waterfall rappelling , cultural shows , etc .
Academic credit
As of 2015 , 150 universities have offered academic credit through independent study to ISV participants . In addition to the option of independent study , since 2002 various universities within the USA , UK and Australia have offered academic credit in accordance with an ISV Program Syllabus which has been approved by the accrediting institutions . The educational focus is in the area of Natural Resource Management and Sustainable Development , capitalising on the program 's opportunities for experiential education in an international volunteer setting .
However , it is an educational program for all participants regardless of whether or not they are earning credit . The program incorporates group discussions , daily journaling , guest speakers and more , to facilitate and encourage participants to gain as much as possible from their experience .
Other points of interest
Currently , ISV offers programs in Australia , New Zealand , Costa Rica , Dominican Republic , South Africa , and Thailand .
ISV is committed to developing active global citizens who embrace a lifestyle of volunteering , and offers the 'Global Volunteer Citizens Award ' to those who complete an additional 20 hours of volunteering in their own community when they return home from an ISV Program . Similarly , participants in the USA may receive the President 's Volunteer Service Award when completing an additional 20 hours of volunteering in their community .
Because ISV is a California-based non-profit public benefit corporation 501 ( c ) , students residing in the USA may also raise funds for the program thorough tax deductible sponsorship donations . ISV is registered as a non-profit organization with the IRS in Yorba Linda , California . This is also where their United States office is located . As of March 2011 , International Student Volunteers holds a Better Business Bureau rating of ' A− ' and has been accredited on their website since 1998 .
ISV appears as a resource in the Lonely Planet : Costa Rica guide book . ISV is also discussed in a book that investigates the growing industry of volunteer travel .
See also
Volunteer travel
References
External links
Non-profit organizations based in California
Youth organizations based in California
Student organizations established in 1982
1982 establishments in California
is a free-to-play , digital collectible card game developed by Konami for the iOS , Android and Microsoft Windows platforms , based on the Yu-Gi-Oh ! Trading Card Game . After an initial beta period , the game was first released in Japan on November 17 , 2016 , and then released to the rest of the world on January 11 , 2017 . The Windows version was released worldwide via Steam on November 17 , 2017 .
Plot
Duel Links features characters from the entire Yu-Gi-Oh ! Duel Monsters anime series . Seto Kaiba has created a virtual reality `` Duel World '' in order to gather the best duelists so they can compete . Players first have the option to play as either Yami Yugi or Seto Kaiba . As they continue to win duels , other characters become unlocked , including the character the player did not choose at the beginning .
Gameplay
The game uses a format known as `` Speed Duels '' which uses the rules of the trading card game with various modifications . Players have 4000 Life Points , the Main Phase 2 is removed , the number of Monster Zones and Spell/Trap Zones is reduced from 5 to 3 , the Main Deck 's size is reduced from 40-60 cards each to 20-30 cards each and the Extra Deck is reduced to 7 from 15 ( although this number is increased periodically ) , and players start with a 4 card hand instead of 5 . Players can also use Skills that affect duels in various ways . These effects include but are not limited to adding cards to the hand or field , increasing monster stats , increasing life points , adding cards to the deck at the start of the duel , changing the player 's starting hand , and revealing the contents of face-down cards . The winner of a duel either reduces their opponent 's life points to 0 , allows their opponent to run out of cards , or win under special conditions . Players are rewarded with experience points and various items after a duel , with more items earned from winning .
The game has the player in a hub where they can choose various NPCs to duel against . From here they can also access the Gate which allows them to duel against Legendary Duelists . The current stage the player is on will also be displayed . By completing missions within the stage , players can advance to the next stage which will gradually unlock more difficult opponents and Legendary Duelists at the Gate . Progressing in stages will allow the player to unlock Character Unlock Missions as well .
By completing Character Unlock Missions , players can unlock new Legendary Duelists to play as . Legendary Duelists are based on key characters from the Yu-Gi-Oh series , such as Joey Wheeler , Maximilion Pegasus , Chazz Princeton , and Dr. Vellian Crowler . Each Legendary Duelist comes with their signature card and unique skills .
New cards can be obtained for the player 's decks from either Legendary Duelists , the in-game Card Trader using various items or from card packs . Card packs are purchased from the in-game shop using Gems . Card packs can also be purchased with real money via microtransactions . The possible contents of a card pack can vary depending on which BOX the player chooses to buy from . Each card has a probability of being pulled based on their rarity . Common N and R cards tend to have weaker effects , while rarer SR and UR cards have stronger effects . The card pool released at launch includes many cards recognizable from the Yu-Gi-Oh ! Duel Monsters anime . As more BOXes were added over time , the card pool expanded to include many cards from more modern Yu-Gi-Oh sets .
At launch , the game 's format did not include any cards that would facilitate the original card game 's more modern special summoning effects , including Synchro , Xyz , Pendulum , and Link Summoning , making the gameplay closely resemble the original Yu-Gi-Oh anime series . On September 28 , 2017 , GX World was added to the game , introducing many characters and cards from the Yu-Gi-Oh ! GX anime series , as well as a focus on Fusion summoning . As of September 25 , 2018 , the 3.0 update added 5D 'S world to the game , introducing characters and cards from the Yu-Gi-Oh ! 5D 's anime as well as implementing Synchro Summoning in the game . On September 26 , 2019 , DSOD world based on the movie Yu-Gi-Oh ! : The Dark Side of Dimensions was added . On September 29 , 2020 , ZEXAL World from Yu-Gi-Oh ! ZEXAL was added with the addition of Xyz summoning . On September 28 , 2021 , Arc-V World from Yu-Gi-Oh ! Arc-V was added with the addition of Pendulum summoning . On September 28 , 2022 , VRAINS World from Yu-Gi-Oh ! VRAINS was added with the addition of Link summoning .
The game also includes a PvP mode where players can duel in real-time with friends , as well as participate in random matches with players around the world . There is also a ranked ladder where players compete for rank and prizes including tickets which can be used to exchange for certain cards .
Special events often occur for a limited amount of time to provide variety and the opportunity to win rare cards and unlock new Legendary Duelists . These events typically have special opponents with goals and missions that must be completed in order to earn the rewards Cards and characters exclusive to events are usually made available outside of the event at a later date .
Characters
The current roster of playable characters for the game consists of the original series , Yu-Gi-Oh ! , Yu-Gi-Oh ! GX , Yu-Gi-Oh ! 5DS , Yu-Gi-Oh ! The Dark Side of Dimensions , Yu-Gi-Oh ! ZEXAL , and Yu-Gi-Oh ! Arc-V . These are the characters that can be currently unlocked by completing their character missions and special events in-game .
Yu-Gi-Oh !
Yami Yugi
Seto Kaiba
Joey Wheeler
Tea Gardner
Mai Valentine
Yugi Muto
Weevil Underwood
Rex Raptor
Mako Tsunami
Yami Marik
Yami Bakura
Bandit Keith
Ishizu Ishtar
Odion
Maximillion Pegasus
Mokuba Kaiba
Paradox Brothers
Arkana
Bonz
Espa Roba
Tristan Taylor
Lumis and Umbra
Duke Devlin
Yu-Gi-Oh ! GX
Jaden Yuki
Zane Truesdale
Aster Phoenix
Chazz Princeton
Alexis Rhodes
Jesse Anderson
Dr. Vellian Crowler
Bastion Misawa
Syrus Truesdale
Yubel
Tyranno Hassleberry
Sartorius Kumar
Jaden/Yubel
Blair Flannigan
Axel Brodie
Supreme King Jaden
Jim “ Crocodile ” Cook
Yu-Gi-Oh ! 5D 's
Yusei Fudo
Jack Atlas
Crow Hogan
Akiza Izinski
Leo
Luna
Officer Tetsu Trudge
Dark Signer Kalin Kessler
Dark Signer Carly Carmine
Dark Signer Rex Goodwin
Carly Carmine
Kalin Kessler
Antinomy
Primo
Aporia
Paradox
Yu-Gi-Oh ! The Dark Side of Dimensions
Seto Kaiba ( DSOD )
Mokuba Kaiba ( DSOD )
Sera ( DSOD )
Aigami ( DSOD )
Scud ( DSOD )
Joey Wheeler ( DSOD )
Yugi Muto ( DSOD )
Téa Gardner ( DSOD )
Bakura ( DSOD )
Yu-Gi-Oh ! ZEXAL
Yuma Tsukumo and Astral
Bronk Stone
Tori Meadows
Reginald `` Shark '' Kastle
Kite Tenjo
Quattro
Trey
Anna Kaboom
Rio Kastle
Yu-Gi-Oh ! Arc-V
Yuya Sakaki
Zuzu Boyle
Gong Strong
Sylvio Sawatari
Declan Akaba
Yuto
Sora Perse
Yu-Gi-Oh ! VRAINS
Playmaker and Ai
Soulburner
The Gore
Reception
Several publications praised Yu-Gi-Oh ! Duel Links for simplifying many of the rules of the traditional card game and making it very accessible to new players . AppCritic noted that it would also appeal to veteran players saying , `` While this is not a full TCG experience , there 's still a good amount of depth and strategy involved for veteran Yu-Gi-Oh ! players . '' Pocket Gamer praised the presentation of the game saying that `` it 's all presented in a way that is arguably better than the original anime , and there 's even full voice acting delivered by the original voice actors . This not only creates an authentic feel that 's second to none , but most importantly , it all adds to the nostalgia and immersion . Ultimately making the player feel like they have literally stepped into the world of Yu-Gi-Oh ! . ''
The game exceeded 65million mobile downloads worldwide by March 2018 , and exceeded 80million downloads across PC and mobile devices by 1 November 2018 . The game has reached 100million mobile downloads worldwide , . In addition , Steam Spy estimates the game to have more than 2million players on Steam .
The game grossed in 2016 . In Japan , the game grossed in 2018 and in 2019 , for a combined ( ) in Japan during 20182019 . In the first half of 2021 , it grossed , making it the top-grossing card battler mobile game during the period . In total , the game 's known revenue during 2016 , 20182019 and the first half of 2021 adds up to .
In November 2020 , Duel Links celebrated the milestone of reaching 5 billion duels .
In March 2022 , Duel Links celebrated reaching 150 million downloads worldwide with more than 75 billion cards collected and 7 billion duels done by due lists across the world .
Languages
The game supports established languages in English , French , Italian , German , Spanish ( Spain ) , Portuguese ( Brazil ) , Chinese ( Simplified and Traditional ) , Korean and Japanese . The dubbing voice supports English , Korean , Japanese . Typical for the main card game , but also for the first in an official Yu-Gi-Oh ! product , the Russian language later also became available .
References
External links
Official website
Tier list , top decks , guides and reviews
Duel Links
Digital collectible card games
Multiplayer online games
2016 video games
Free-to-play video games
Android ( operating system ) games
IOS games
Konami games
Video games developed in Japan
What Have You Done to Solange ? ( ) is a 1972 giallo film directed by Massimo Dallamano and starring Fabio Testi , Karin Baal , Joachim Fuchsberger , Cristina Galbó , and Camille Keaton . The plot follows a series of violent murders occurring at a Catholic girls ' school in London , where a young student has gone missing .
The film is a co-production between Italian production companies Italian International Films S.r.l. , Clodio Cinematografica and West German studio Rialto Film . It was released in Germany as Das Geheimnis der grünen Stecknadel ( `` The Clue of the New Pin '' ) , where it was promoted an Edgar Wallace krimi film .
Plot
While in a boat making out with their Italian college professor , Enrico Rosseni , Elizabeth Seccles witnesses a man with a knife stabbing another woman in the woods on the nearby shore . Rosseni convinces Elizabeth to keep silent about what they saw , especially after it turns out that the dead victim was one of their classmates and was killed by having a long knife pushed deep into their vagina . Another girl , a student at the same college , is killed later by the same attacker .
Shortly afterwards , Elizabeth is murdered in their bathroom . Police suspect Rosseni , who admits their affair to their sexually repressed wife Herta in hopes of getting their assistance in order to clear their name . Rosseni is cleared when a common denominator is determined by the later killings . The victims all had seen a local priest and were friends with a young woman named Solange , who began attending the school the previous semester but had mysteriously vanished .
Rosseni 's investigation ultimately leads to the existence of a hedonistic secret club of college girls that Elizabeth and the other murder victims had belonged to . The police further learn that the priest that several of the victims had spoken to was not a real priest . They were instead Solange 's father , a wealthy tenured professor at the same school .
Ruth Holden ( aka `` Tata '' ) is the elderly maid of Brenda , one of Solange 's classmates who was also involved in the sex parties . Ruth is found alongside their dog , viciously murdered by having a shovel rammed into their vagina . Rosseni , Herta , and the police confront the father , who at first denies any wrongdoing until their daughter Solange appears . Mute and appearing emotionally disturbed , they lead the Herta to the place where the final sex club member was kidnapped .
The father then confesses to why they murdered their victims . Their daughter Solange had befriended the members of the sex club and was granted membership . However , after their first orgy , they became pregnant . The other girls insisted Solange take care of the situation by meeting with Ruth Holden , who also functions as a back-alley abortionist . This event traumatized Solange physically , mentally and emotionally . They are henceforth in a very dull mental state where they function as a baby would , is no longer able to speak and unable to become pregnant .
After confessing to the murders , the father then takes their own life . At some point , they realized that an abortion was what led to Solange becoming an invalid and symbolically performed a similar deed on the girls once they 'd given them details of what trauma really befell Solange .
Cast
Production
What Have You Done to Solange ? was an Italian and West German co-production , and credits itself as being based on The Clue of the New Pin by Edgar Wallace . The film bears very little relationship to the novel , with authors and film historians Kim Newman and Michael Mackenzie believing that it was marketed this way to sell the film to a German audience as part of the krimi film genre . The relationship to the genre is enhanced by the appearance of cast members Joachim Fuchsberger and Karin Baal who appeared in several Edgar Wallace adaptations produced by Rialto Film in the 1960s . American actor Camille Keaton was cast in the film—her debut role—as Solange . Keaton had originally sent in photos for a casting call for a Franco Zeffirelli film . They were not cast in their film , but received a call from director Massimo Dallamano later to invite them in for the role . Keaton described working with Dallamano as challenging as they were only learning to speak Italian and they spoke very little English . For their role , Dallamano told them that they were looking for someone who looked frail and ordered them not to tan while filming .
Release
What Have You Done to Solange ? was released in both Italy and West Germany on March 9 , 1972 . Fulvio Lucisano stated that the film was the first giallo film to be shown at the Adriano Theater in Rome , which normally did not show films of the genre . In West Germany , it was released under the title Das Geheimnis der grünen Stecknadel where it was distributed by Constantin . The film has been released under various English-language titles , including The Secret of the Green Pin , The School That Could n't Scream , and Who 's Next ? . It is most commonly known under the title What Have You Done to Solange ? . In 2005 , the Venice Film Festival had a day in honour of Fulvio Lucisano Day as part of its `` Secret History of Italian Cinema '' screenings , which included a screening of a restored version of What Have You Done to Solange ? .
What Have You Done to Solange ? was first released on DVD by Shriek Show on July 30 , 2002 . It was released by Arrow Video on Blu-ray and DVD in the United Kingdom on December 14 , 2015 and in the United States on December 15 , 2015 . Film Comment placed Arrow Video 's release of What Have You Done to Solange ? at 15th on their list of top Blu-ray releases of 2015 .
Reception
In contemporary reviews , the German newspaper Hamburger Abendblatt found the film to be `` too broad '' but stated that quality acting from Karin Baal , Fabio Testi , Joachim Fuchsberger and Günther Stoll enhance the film . Italian newspaper La Stampa praised the acting of Fabio Testi , Joachim Fuchsberger and Karin Baal while stating the director developed the mystery in the story well .
From retrospective reviews , AllMovie called the film a `` first-rate thriller , '' a `` creepy mystery '' , and noted `` Massimo Dallamano 's direction is assured . '' Video Librarian stated that the film is `` considered a classic of the Italian horror genre known as giallo '' but `` For all the characteristic sloppiness of the screenplay , this film remains unusual and surprising , with some well-directed murder scenes and startling imagery . '' and it was `` shamelessly salacious in its exploitation of girls as sexual objects and unsavory in that these minors are assaulted in a vicious , sadistic , and hateful manner '' and that ultimately `` the extreme violence against young women makes it hard to enjoy '' . Danny Shipka , author of a book on European exploitation films found the film to be `` One of the most satisfying gialli of its day '' and that it had `` the right amount of sleaze and story to carry the audience through all the twists and turns with an emotionally satisfying ending . '' The review commented that Dallamano took a `` serious approach to the subgenre , creating situations that will stay long after you 've finished the film . '' The Herald proclimed the film as `` a prime example of `` giallo '' '' and that the film was `` better than it sounds '' and described it as an influence on Peter Strickand 's film The Duke of Burgundy .
Aftermath and influence
What Have You Done to Solange ? is the first entry in a loosely linked series of film called the Schoolgirls in Peril trilogy , a series of films based on the sexual exploits of young girls and their reaction to the adults . By 1974 , audiences began to grow tired of the giallo genre and began having interest in other European genres such as the poliziotteschi , urban cop thrillers that were influenced by American films such as Dirty Harry and The French Connection . Dallamano 's next film in the Schoolgirls in Peril trilogy was What Have They Done to Your Daughters ? , a film with similar themes to What Have You Done to Solange ? . The final part of the series was Red Rings of Fear . It was released on August 19 , 1978 . Dallamano is credited as a screenwriter on the film , and was intended to direct the film , but they died before the film began production .
Director Nicolas Winding Refn announced in 2016 that they were seeking a director and screenwriter for a remake of What Have You Done to Solange ? . The film will be produced by Refn 's Space Rocket Nation banner along with producer Fulvio Lucisano .
See also
List of German films of the 1970s
List of Italian films of 1972
References
Works cited
External links
What Have You Done to Solange ? trailer on YouTube
Giallo films
1972 films
1970s Italian-language films
German detective films
Italian detective films
West German films
Films directed by Massimo Dallamano
Films scored by Ennio Morricone
Films about abortion
Films set in London
Italian horror films
Italian serial killer films
Italian exploitation films
Italian films about revenge
1970s Italian films
1970s German films
The Man from the 25th Century is a 1968 short produced by Irwin Allen . It was intended to be a spin-off of Lost in Space and a pilot for a new TV series , but the series never sold .
Synopsis
As a child , Robert Prentiss was abducted from 20th-century Topeka , Kansas , by aliens who claim to be 500 years more advanced than humans . After years of training and conditioning , the adult Prentiss is sent back to Earth with a mission : To destroy Project Delphi and their system that prevents alien invasions . Prentiss , however , finds that they can not allow the aliens to attack Earth , so they try to help Delphi to repel them .
Cast
James Darren as Tomo / Robert Prentiss
John Crawford as Bonti
John Napier as Karl Baldwin
Ford Rainey as General George Atwood
References
External links
The Man from the 25th Century at Uncle Oldies
The Man from the 25th Century at Irwin Allen Page
The Man from the 25th Century on YouTube
1968 films
1968 short films
1960s science fiction films
Alien abduction films
American science fiction television films
Films set in the 25th century
Television pilots not picked up as a series
1960s American films
The Scotland national kabaddi team was established in 2012 , and represents the country in the National Kabaddi Association . It participated in the 2012 Kabaddi World Cup with a team including some rugby players from the University of Strathclyde , losing all three group matches .
In 2019 , Scotland hosted the European Championships for the first time in their history where the Scotland kabaddi team got to the Semi Finals and were put out by Poland who went on to win the 2019 European Championships .
References
Kabaddi
National kabaddi teams
2012 establishments in Scotland
National kabaddi team
Cyclosalpa bakeri is a salp , a marine tunicate in the class Thaliacea . It is found floating in the open sea in the Indo-Pacific region .
Description
Like other salps , Cyclosalpa bakeri has two different phases . In one of these forms , individuals live a solitary life .
They are cylindrical , transparent , gelatinous animals with a rather flabby test , growing to about 15 cm ( 6ins ) long . There are openings at the anterior and posterior ends of the cylinder which can be opened or closed as needed . The bodies have seven transverse bands of muscle interspersed by white , translucent patches . A stolon grows from near the endostyle ( an elongated glandular structure producing mucus for trapping food particles ) . The stolon is a ribbon-like organ on which a batch of aggregate forms of the animal are produced by budding . The aggregate is the second , colonial form of the salp and is also gelatinous , transparent and flabby . It takes the shape of a radial whorl of individuals up to about 20 cm ( 4 in ) in diameter . It is formed of approximately 12 zooids linked side by side in a shape that resembles a crown .
Distribution
Cyclosalpa bakeri has an Indo-Pacific distribution . Its range includes tropical and temperate waters and extends as far north as Alaska .
Biology
Cyclosalpa bakeri moves by contracting its bands of muscles rhythmically at the same time opening and closing the front and rear openings appropriately . This squeezes water out from the hollow interior and the animal moves in the opposite direction , a form of jet propulsion . This water movement brings in suspended phytoplankton which are caught by a mucus net . Cyclosalpa bakeri is an extremely efficient feeder . The aggregates can grow by a quarter of their size each day and individuals can eat more than half their body mass daily .
Individuals within the aggregate are sequential hermaphrodites . They usually start life as females but later develop into males . Eggs are produced by the females and are fertilised by sperm from another aggregate . There is no larval form and a single embryo develops in each individual in the aggregate . This later becomes detached from the aggregate and becomes a solitary individual ready to undergo asexual reproduction by budding again . The animal 's rapid growth and this alternation of generations means that the population can build up rapidly when there is a plentiful food supply such as a bloom of phytoplankton . The salps themselves are eaten by fish , turtles , birds , jellyfish , heteropods , siphonophores and ctenophores .
References
Thaliacea
Animals described in 1905
The men 's hammer throw event at the 2011 Summer Universiade was held on 17 August .
Results
References
Results
Hammer
2011
Lake Vashka is a lake near the center of Barwick Valley , about east of Webb Glacier in Victoria Land . It was named by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition ( VUWAE ) ( 1958–59 ) after Vashka ( Vaska ) , a sled dog of the British Antarctic Expedition , 1910–13 .
Vashka Crag ( ) is an abrupt rock crag at the east end of The Fortress , a series of four promontories on the north side of Barwick Valley in Victoria Land . It was named by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition ( VUWAE ) , 1959–60 , in association with nearby Lake Vashka , located just below and to the southeast .
Reference
Lakes of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Highly Prized Possession is the ninth studio album by Anne Murray , released in November 1974 . In the U.S. , the album peaked at number 8 on the country album charts and number 70 on the pop albums chart ; in Canada , the album reached number 26 . Murray 's cover of the Beatles ' `` Day Tripper '' was released as a single ( following their chart success the year before on another Beatles cover `` You Wo n't See Me '' ) , and it reached # 59 on the Hot 100 , but failed to hit the U.S. Country chart .
Track listing
`` Dream Lover '' ( Bobby Darin ) - 3:05
`` Slow Fall '' ( Jack Lee ) - 4:25
`` Saved by the Grace of Your Love '' ( David Palmer , William Smith ) - 3:25
`` Lullaby '' ( Robbie MacNeill ) - 2:52
`` When We Both Had the Time to Love '' ( Alex Harvey ) - 3:50
`` Day Tripper '' ( John Lennon , Paul McCartney ) - 2:35
`` Lift Your Hearts to the Sun '' ( Brent Titcomb ) 3:21
`` Uproar '' ( Paul Grady ) - 2:48
`` Highly Prized Possession '' ( Brian Russell , David Palmer ) - 3:48
`` Please Do n't Sell Nova Scotia '' ( Peter Pringle ) - 2:43
Chart performance
Production
Producer : Brian Ahern for Happy Sack Productions Ltd .
Executive Producer : Paul White
Arranger : Brian Ahern
References
1974 albums
Anne Murray albums
Capitol Records albums
Albums produced by Brian Ahern ( producer )
`` Día Especial '' ( ) is a Latin pop ballad performed by Colombian singer Shakira from their album Fijación Oral Vol . 1 . The song is about how a day is made special with forgiveness . `` Día Especial '' is not an official single from Fijación Oral Vol . 1 , but was popular around the time of the album 's release , peaking at number 26 on the Billboard Latin Pop Airplay chart . Gustavo Cerati was the lyricist for the track with Shakira and Luis Fernando Ochoa as co-writers for the music . Shakira performed the song with Gustavo Cerati at the Live Earth concert in Germany on 7 July 2007 . The English version of the song is titled `` The Day and the Time '' and is featured on the album Oral Fixation Vol . 2 .
Charts
References
Spanish-language songs
Shakira songs
2005 singles
Pop ballads
Songs written by Shakira
Songs written by Luis Fernando Ochoa
Songs written by Gustavo Cerati
2000s ballads
Municipal elections were held in the city of Westmount , Quebec , Canada on 4 November 2017 as part of the 2017 Quebec municipal elections . Voters elected 8 positions on the Westmount City Council , as well as one mayor . On October 5 , returning City Councillor Philip A. Cutler and newcomer Jeff Shamie were acclaimed .
Election Notes
Cynthia Lulham was elected for a 7th term , extending their record as the longest serving council member . 6 of the 8 councillors were newcomers , with only Cutler and Lulham ( along with Mayor Smith ) returning .
Mayor
Westmount City Council Candidates
District 1
District 2
District 3
District 4
District 5
District 6
District 7
District 8
References
Westmount , Quebec
2017 Quebec municipal elections
Roper Point ( ) is a largely ice-covered point , but with some rock exposures , at the west extremity of Mount Takahe , in Marie Byrd Land , it lies 1.5 nautical miles ( 3 km ) west of Cadenazzi Rock . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from ground surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1959–66 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Nathaniel A. Roper , aurora researcher at Byrd Station in 1963 .
Headlands of Marie Byrd Land
Medel ( ) is a municipality in the Surselva Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
History
Medel ( Lucmagn ) is first mentioned in 1315 as de valle Mederis .
Geography
Medel ( Lucmagn ) has an area , , of . Of this area , 17.8 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 14.9 % is forested . Of the rest of the land , 0.6 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) and the remainder ( 66.8 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
Before 2017 , the municipality was located in the Disentis sub-district of the Surselva district , after 2017 it was part of the Surselva Region . It is located in the Medelserrhein river basin . It includes the long Medel Valley , which connects Upper Graubünden with the canton of Ticino . It consists of a number of settlements at an elevation of . These include : Curaglia ( main village ) , Soliva , Mutschnengia , Platta , Drual/Matergia , Pardé , Fuorns and S. Gions . The municipality also includes about 50 abandoned farm houses and summer herding camps , including Pali , Biscuolm and Casura . Until 1943 Medel ( Lucmagn ) was known as Medels im Oberland .
Demographics
Medel ( Lucmagn ) has a population ( as of ) of . , 1.6 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -10.1 % . Most of the population ( ) speaks Romansh ( 92.8 % ) , with German being second most common ( 5.7 % ) and Italian third ( 0.4 % ) .
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.4 % male and 51.6 % female . The age distribution , , in Medel ( Lucmagn ) is ; 74 children or 15.7 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 47 teenagers or 10.0 % are between 10 and 19 . Of the adult population , 21 people or 4.5 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 79 people or 16.8 % are between 30 and 39 , 52 people or 11.1 % are between 40 and 49 , and 31 people or 6.6 % are between 50 and 59 . The senior population distribution is 58 people or 12.3 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 69 people or 14.7 % are between 70 and 79 , there are 33 people or 7.0 % who are between 80 and 89 there are 6 people or 1.3 % who are between 90 and 99 .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 67 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the SVP ( 19.4 % ) , the SP ( 10 % ) and the FDP ( 3.6 % ) .
In Medel ( Lucmagn ) about 53.7 % of the population ( between age 25–64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either university or a Fachhochschule ) .
Medel ( Lucmagn ) has an unemployment rate of 0.7 % . , there were 85 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 37 businesses involved in this sector . 13 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 5 businesses in this sector . 57 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 16 businesses in this sector .
The historical population is given in the following table :
References
External links
Official website
Municipalities of Graubünden
Nesioneta benoiti , is a species of spider of the genus Nesioneta . It is endemic to Sri Lanka .
See also
List of Linyphiidae species
References
Linyphiidae
Arthropods of Sri Lanka
Spiders of Asia
Spiders described in 1978
The Indian Society for Cultural Co-operation and Friendship ( ISCUF ) is an organization in India promoting people-to-people cultural understanding and friendship . The organization was initially known as the Friends of the Soviet Union and , later , the Indo-Soviet Cultural Society ( ISCUS ) .
The Friends of the Soviet Union was founded in West Bengal on June 22 , 1941 , the same day as Germany attacked the Soviet Union . An Organisation Committee was formed with Bhupendra Nath Dutta ( Swami Vivekananda 's younger brother ) as the chairperson , and , Hiren Mukherjee and S.K . Acharya as secretaries . The poet Rabindranath Tagore was the patron of the Organisation Committee . Bhupesh Gupta and Jyoti Basu were active in mobilizing support for the organization . A second conference of the organisation was held in April 1944 , presided by Nellie Sengupta .
At a convention held in the Convocation Hall of Bombay University June 3–4 , 1944 the organisation became the 'All India Friends of the Soviet Union ' . Some 2,000 people took part in the event , out of whom a hundred were delegates . In 1944 the organization began publishing Indo-Soviet Journal from Bombay . The organization developed close collaboration with its Soviet counterpart VOKS , and conducted various cultural activities . The organization promoted the Asian Relations Conference of 1946 , and participated in the event .
On March 12 , 1952 , the organization was reconstituted as ISCUS at a convention at Sunderbhai Hall in Bombay , with Dr. A.V . Baliga as the new chairperson of the ISCUS National Council .
ISCUS transformed into ISCUF in 1993 , following the dissolution of the Soviet Union . In 2017 ISCUF signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Vietnam Union of Friendship Organizations ( VUFO ) , outlining cooperation for the period 2017–2022 . In December 2018 ISCUF held its 22nd National Conference in Coimbatore , with participation from the embassies of Cuba , Russia and Vietnam .
References
India friendship associations
Soviet Union friendship associations
Civic and political organisations of India
India–Soviet Union relations
Communist Party of India mass organisations
Jéronimo Tristante ( born 1969 Murcia , Spain ) is a Spanish novelist and mystery writer .
Biography
Jerónimo Salmerón Tristante studied biology at the University of Murcia . Later , they worked as a biology and geology teacher in a secondary school . Their first novel was Crónica de Jufré , published in 2001 as Jerónimo Salmerón Tristante , and their second novel was El Rojo en el Azul , published as Jero Salmerón . Their third novel , was their best known work El Misterio de la Casa Aranda , the first mystery by Víctor Ross , which was adapted into a television series Victor Ross . Their works have been translated into Polish , French and Italian .
Works
Crónica de Jufré ( 2003 , as Jerónimo Salmerón Tristante ) .
El Rojo en el Azul ( 2005 , as Jero Salmerón ) .
El Misterio de la Casa Aranda : Víctor Ros , un detective en el Madrid de finales del siglo XIX ( 2008 )
El Caso de la Viuda Negra : las investigaciones del detective Víctor Ros entre Madrid y Córdoba a finale del siglo XIX ( 2008 ) .
El Tesoro de los Nazárenos ( 2009 ) .
1969 : Un extraño caso de asesinato y corrupción en el año en que el hombre llegó a la Luna ( 2009 ) .
El enigma de la calle Calabria : el detective Víctor Ros en Barcelona ( 2010 ) ISBN 978-84-92695-87-4 .
El Valle de las Sombras ( 2011 )
Océanos de tiempo ( 2012 )
La última noche de Víctor Ros '' ' . ( 2013 ) Víctor Ros y el gran robo del oro español ( 2015 ) Secretos '' ( 2019 )
References
External links
Official website
1969 births
Living people
Murcian writers
People from Murcia
Spanish mystery writers
The 1996–97 Pittsburgh Penguins season was the team 's 30th in the National Hockey League . This was the final season for Mario Lemieux before their first retirement .
Off-season
Regular season
The 1996–97 season featured Mario Lemieux in their final season before their first retirement . Lemieux won their sixth ( and final ) Art Ross Trophy as the NHL 's leading scorer , with 122 points . The Penguins had an up-and-down season en route to a sixth-place finish in the Eastern Conference . A 2–9–0 start was followed by a hot middle-of-the-season stretch , highlighted by the play of rookie phenom goaltender Patrick Lalime . A shoulder injury to Tom Barrasso ended their season after five unmemorable games and led to the promotion of Lalime from the Cleveland Lumberjacks of the International Hockey League ( IHL ) . Lalime debuted in relief of Ken Wregget in a loss to the New York Rangers on November 16 . Their first win came in relief of Wregget on December 6 , and the next day , on December 7 , they were given the start against the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim , beating the Mighty Ducks and setting them well on their way to setting the NHL record for consecutive games unbeaten to begin a career for an NHL goaltender , going 14–0–2 ( 16 games ) . However , the Penguins cooled down after that , as the team did not win a road game after February 5 , which led to a coaching change on March 4 . Eddie Johnston was relieved of their duties as head coach after losing eight of their last nine games and was replaced on an interim basis by General Manager Craig Patrick . Patrick went 7–10–3 down the stretch , enough to get the Penguins into the playoffs as the sixth seed at 38–36–8 . The Penguins finished the season first in scoring , with 285 goals for .
In the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals , the Penguins took-on the third-seeded Philadelphia Flyers . The Flyers dismantled the Penguins in five games en route to an Eastern Conference championship of their own . The Pens ' lone win in the series was in Game 4 at the Civic Arena in Pittsburgh , in which Lemieux scored on a breakaway against Flyers goaltender Garth Snow in the closing minutes for their final goal before their first retirement .
Final standings
Schedule and results
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 1 || 5 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 4–3 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 0–1–0 || 0
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 2 || 8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–7 || Hartford Whalers || 0–2–0 || 0
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 3 || 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–3 || Ottawa Senators || 0–3–0 || 0
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 4 || 12 || Ottawa Senators || 2–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–3–0 || 2
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 5 || 16 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–8 || New York Rangers || 1–4–0 || 2
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 6 || 17 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–4 || Buffalo Sabres || 1–5–0 || 2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 7 || 19 || Washington Capitals || 1–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–5–0 || 4
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 8 || 22 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–5 || Edmonton Oilers || 2–6–0 || 4
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 9 || 24 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–7 || Calgary Flames || 2–7–0 || 4
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 10 || 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–2 || Vancouver Canucks || 2–8–0 || 4
|-
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 11 || 1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–4 || Washington Capitals || 2–9–0 || 4
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 12 || 2 || Ottawa Senators || 3–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–9–0 || 6
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 13 || 6 || Edmonton Oilers || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–9–0 || 8
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 14 || 8 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–5 OT || Tampa Bay Lightning || 4–9–1 || 9
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 15 || 9 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–4 || Florida Panthers || 4–10–1 || 9
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 16 || 12 || Buffalo Sabres || 0–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–10–1 || 11
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 17 || 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–2 OT || Boston Bruins || 5–11–1 || 11
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 18 || 16 || New York Rangers || 8–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–12–1 || 11
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 19 || 19 || St. Louis Blues || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–12–1 || 13
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 20 || 21 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–7 || Philadelphia Flyers || 6–13–1 || 13
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 21 || 22 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–1 || Hartford Whalers || 7–13–1 || 15
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 22 || 27 || Montreal Canadiens || 2–2 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–13–2 || 16
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 23 || 30 || Boston Bruins || 2–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 8–13–2 || 18
|-
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 24 || 3 || Hartford Whalers || 4–4 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 8–13–3 || 19
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 25 || 4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–2 || Ottawa Senators || 9–13–3 || 21
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 26 || 6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–3 || Washington Capitals || 10–13–3 || 23
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 27 || 7 || Mighty Ducks of Anaheim || 3–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 11–13–3 || 25
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 28 || 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–3 || Los Angeles Kings || 12–13–3 || 27
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 29 || 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 7–3 || Mighty Ducks of Anaheim || 13–13–3 || 29
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 30 || 13 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–0 || San Jose Sharks || 14–13–3 || 31
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 31 || 15 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–2 || Chicago Blackhawks || 14–14–3 || 31
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 32 || 17 || Boston Bruins || 6–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 14–15–3 || 31
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 33 || 19 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 4–0 || St. Louis Blues || 15–15–3 || 33
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 34 || 21 || San Jose Sharks || 1–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 16–15–3 || 35
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 35 || 23 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–5 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 17–15–3 || 37
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 36 || 26 || Montreal Canadiens || 3–3 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 17–15–4 || 38
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 37 || 28 || Buffalo Sabres || 0–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 18–15–4 || 40
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 38 || 30 || Washington Capitals || 3–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 19–15–4 || 42
|-
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 39 || 2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–1 || New Jersey Devils || 20–15–4 || 44
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 40 || 4 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 3–7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 21–15–4 || 46
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 41 || 7 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–3 || New York Islanders || 22–15–4 || 48
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 42 || 10 || New York Islanders || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 23–15–4 || 50
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 43 || 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–3 OT || Ottawa Senators || 23–15–5 || 51
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 44 || 14 || Dallas Stars || 1–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 24–15–5 || 53
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 45 || 15 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–0 || Hartford Whalers || 25–15–5 || 55
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 46 || 21 || Calgary Flames || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 26–15–5 || 57
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 47 || 23 || Colorado Avalanche || 4–3 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 26–16–5 || 57
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 48 || 25 || New York Rangers || 7–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 26–17–5 || 57
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 49 || 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–2 || Montreal Canadiens || 27–17–5 || 59
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 50 || 29 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–3 || Buffalo Sabres || 27–18–5 || 59
|-
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 51 || 1 || Phoenix Coyotes || 1–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 28–18–5 || 61
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 52 || 4 || Vancouver Canucks || 4–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 29–18–5 || 63
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 53 || 5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 6–3 || Montreal Canadiens || 30–18–5 || 65
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 54 || 8 || Detroit Red Wings || 6–5 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 30–19–5 || 65
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 55 || 12 || New York Islanders || 5–1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 30–20–5 || 65
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 56 || 15 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–5 || Philadelphia Flyers || 30–21–5 || 65
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 57 || 16 || Philadelphia Flyers || 6–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 30–22–5 || 65
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 58 || 18 || Florida Panthers || 2–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 31–22–5 || 67
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 59 || 22 || Chicago Blackhawks || 5–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 31–23–5 || 67
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 60 || 23 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–4 || New York Islanders || 31–24–5 || 67
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 61 || 27 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–4 || Detroit Red Wings || 31–25–5 || 67
|-
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 62 || 1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–6 || New Jersey Devils || 31–26–5 || 67
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 63 || 4 || New Jersey Devils || 3–1 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 31–27–5 || 67
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 64 || 5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–4 || Buffalo Sabres || 31–28–5 || 67
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 65 || 8 || Philadelphia Flyers || 2–3 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 32–28–5 || 69
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 66 || 10 || Montreal Canadiens || 2–2 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 32–28–6 || 70
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 67 || 12 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–5 OT || Phoenix Coyotes || 32–28–7 || 71
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 68 || 14 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–6 || Colorado Avalanche || 32–29–7 || 71
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 69 || 16 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–6 || Dallas Stars || 32–30–7 || 71
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 70 || 18 || Buffalo Sabres || 3–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 33–30–7 || 73
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 71 || 20 || Toronto Maple Leafs || 3–6 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 34–30–7 || 75
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 72 || 22 || New Jersey Devils || 3–2 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 34–31–7 || 75
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 73 || 24 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 0–3 || New York Rangers || 34–32–7 || 75
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 74 || 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 5–8 || Montreal Canadiens || 34–33–7 || 75
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 75 || 29 || Los Angeles Kings || 1–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 35–33–7 || 77
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 76 || 31 || Florida Panthers || 3–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 36–33–7 || 79
|-
|- style= '' background : # ffc ; ''
| 77 || 3 || Hartford Whalers || 5–5 OT || Pittsburgh Penguins || 36–33–8 || 80
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 78 || 5 || Ottawa Senators || 2–5 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 37–33–8 || 82
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 79 || 8 || Boston Bruins || 1–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 38–33–8 || 84
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 80 || 10 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–4 || Tampa Bay Lightning || 38–34–8 || 84
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 81 || 11 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–4 || Florida Panthers || 38–35–8 || 84
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 82 || 13 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–7 || Boston Bruins || 38–36–8 || 84
|-
|- style= '' text-align : center ; ''
| Legend : = Win = Loss = Tie
Playoffs
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 1 || 17 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–5 || Philadelphia Flyers || 0–1
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 2 || 19 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 2–3 || Philadelphia Flyers || 0–2
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 3 || 21 || Philadelphia Flyers || 5–3 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 0–3
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 4 || 23 || Philadelphia Flyers || 1–4 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 1–3
|- style= '' background : # fcf ; ''
| 5 || 26 || Pittsburgh Penguins || 3–6 || Philadelphia Flyers || 1–4
|-
|- style= '' text-align : center ; ''
| Legend : = Win = Loss
Player statistics
Skaters
Goaltenders
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining the Penguins . Stats reflect time with the Penguins only .
‡Denotes player was traded mid-season . Stats reflect time with the Penguins only .
Awards and records
Awards
Transactions
The Penguins have been involved in the following transactions during the 1996–97 season :
Trades
Free agents acquired
Free agents lost
Lost via waivers
Other
Draft picks
Pittsburgh Penguins ' picks at the 1996 NHL Entry Draft .
Draft notes
The New Jersey Devils ' second-round pick ( from San Jose Sharks ) went to the Pittsburgh Penguins as a result of a June 22 , 1996 , trade that sent two second-round picks to the Devils in exchange for this pick .
The Pittsburgh Penguins ' second-round pick ( from Toronto Maple Leafs ) went to the New Jersey Devils as the result of a June 22 , 1996 , trade that sent a second-round pick to the Penguins in exchange for a second-round pick and this pick .
The Pittsburgh Penguins ' second-round pick went to the New Jersey Devils as the result of a June 22 , 1996 , trade that sent a second-round pick to the Penguins in exchange for a second-round pick and this pick .
The Boston Bruins ' third-round pick went to the Pittsburgh Penguins as a result of an August 1 , 1995 , trade that sent Kevin Stevens and Shawn McEachern to the Bruins in exchange for Glen Murray , Bryan Smolinski and this pick .
The Pittsburgh Penguins ' fifth-round pick went to the San Jose Sharks as the result of a March 20 , 1996 , trade that sent Kevin Miller to the Penguins in exchange for this pick .
Compensatory pick received from NHL as compensation for free agent Joe Mullen .
The Pittsburgh Penguins ' sixth-round pick went to the St. Louis Blues as the result of a March 20 , 1996 , trade that sent J. J. Daigneault to the Penguins in exchange for this pick .
The Pittsburgh Penguins ' seventh-round pick ( from NHL as compensation for free agent Kjell Samuelsson ) went to the Edmonton Oilers as the result of a June 22 , 1996 , trade that sent Tyler Wright to the Penguins in exchange for this pick .
The Pittsburgh Penguins ' eighth-round pick went to the Ottawa Senators as the result of a March 1 , 1996 , trade that sent Dave McLlwain to the Penguins in exchange for this pick .
Farm teams
The Johnstown Chiefs of the East Coast Hockey League finished last in the North Division with a 24–39–7 record .
The IHL 's Cleveland Lumberjacks finished second in the Central Division with a record of 40–32–10 . They defeated the Indianapolis Ice in the first round 3–1 , then defeated the Orlando Solar Bears in the second round 4–1 before losing to the eventual Turner Cup champion Detroit Vipers , 4–1 .
See also
1996–97 NHL season
References
Penguins on Hockey Database
Pittsburgh Penguins seasons
P
P
Pitts
Pitts
Bang Kwang Central Prison ( ; ) is a men 's prison in Nonthaburi Province , Thailand , on the Chao Phraya River about 11 km north of Bangkok . It is a part of the Department of Corrections .
Bang Kwang is the site of the men 's death row and the execution chamber of Thailand . the prison had about 6,000 inmates .
History
The prison houses many foreign prisoners . It is a harsh prison that handles death row and long-sentence prisoners . All prisoners are required to wear leg irons for the first three months of their sentences . Death row inmates were required to have their leg irons permanently welded on , although this practice ended in 2013 . In the book The Damage Done , former prisoner and drug courier Warren Fellows recounts that the prison was nicknamed `` Big Tiger '' by the Thais because it `` prowled and ate '' . Fellows 's associate Paul Hayward also served part of their sentence there .
Death row
Bang Kwang contains Thailand 's primary men 's death row and execution chamber . Death rows for both men and women also are present in provincial prisons .
, 510 persons remained on death row nationwide .
there was one man from the United Kingdom on death row at Bang Kwang , Alan John Davies . They were the first European to receive a death sentence in Thailand . They were freed after 17 years of `` hell '' in the Bang Kwang prison , returning to the UK in 2007 after being granted amnesty by the king .
Chaovaret Jarubon , the last executioner in Thailand to be killed by gunfire , died in 2012 , having executed 55 prisoners during their career . They wrote an autobiography in 2006 , The Last Executioner , and co-wrote A Secret History of the Bangkok Hilton , with Pornchai Sereemongkonpol .
See also
Klong Prem Central Prison , Bangkok 's other large maximum security prison used to hold foreign prisoners
Bangkok Hilton
References
External links
Short description at the Department of Corrections , Thailand ( Archive )
Bangkwang.net , information about visiting Bangkwang prison
Checking Into The Bangkok Hilton : article in The Observer on visiting foreign prisoners
The Real Bangkok Hilton ( BBC )
Capital punishment in Thailand
Prisons in Thailand
Buildings and structures in Nonthaburi province
Men 's prisons
Trokavec is a municipality and village in Rokycany District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic . It has about 100 inhabitants .
Geography
Trokavec is located about southeast of Rokycany and southeast of Plzeň . It lies on the border between the Brdy Highlands and Švihov Highlands . The highest point is the hill Trokavecká skála at above sea level .
References
External links
Villages in Rokycany District
Five Kings House ( formerly Thames House ) is an office building in the City of London on the corner of Upper Thames Street and Queen Street Place , postcode EC4R 1QS . It is Grade II listed , Number:1358918 .
It was built in 1911 by Thomas Collcutt and Stanley Hamp for Liebig 's Extract of Meat Company .
The façade contains architectural sculptures by Richard Garbe . The figures representing Abundance over the central entrance are by Frank Lynn Jenkins .
Over the corner doorway is a canopy decorated with reclining figures , a skull on a pediment and a tablet with cherubs .
Those over the grand entrance on the corner with Upper Thames Street represent Mercury and a female figure by George Duncan MacDougald ( 1880-1945 ) . Above this is a relief of Pegasus with two male figures and capitals with an owl and eagle .
The central Queen Street doorway has crouched figures in a canopy and cherubs above .
The former doorway to the south has figures in lead . The upper pediment has naked reclining figures with a child above . The winged keystone is decorated with fruit and eagles . The doorway has an Atlas keystone with an owl motif above . In the spandrels are reliefs of two naked female figures . A bronze sailing ship is in front of the oculus , supported on cartouche with the inscription `` THAMES HOUSE '' .
References
Office buildings in London
Grade II listed buildings in the City of London
Penis Envy , released in 1981 , was the third LP by the anarchist punk band Crass . The album was included at # 36 on Rolling Stone 's `` 40 Greatest Punk Albums of All Time '' list in 2016 .
The Crassical Collection version of this release , including new artwork by Gee Vaucher , remastered sound , liner notes by Eve Libertine and Penny Rimbaud and bonus material , was released in November 2010 .
Background and release
Named as a reference to some of Freud 's ideas concerning sexuality , this release marked something of a departure from the somewhat 'macho ' , 'hardcore punk ' image that The Feeding of the 5000 and its follow up , Stations of the Crass , had to some extent given the group , for it featured more obviously complex musical arrangements , as well as exclusively female vocals by Eve Libertine and Joy De Vivre ( although Steve Ignorant remained a group member and is credited on the record sleeve as `` not on this recording '' ) . The album addressed feminist issues and once again attacked the institutions of 'the system ' such as marriage and sexual repression .
One track , not actually listed on the album cover , was a deliberately saccharine ( described in fact by the band themselves as `` 'pure , unadulterated shit '' ) parody of a `` middle of the road '' love song entitled `` Our Wedding '' . This was given away as a flexi disc with a teenage girl 's romance magazine called Loving after having been offered it by an organisation calling itself Creative Recording And Sound Services ( a backronym of Crass ) . A minor tabloid furore erupted once the hoax was revealed , with the News of the World going so far as to state that the album 's title was `` too obscene to print '' . ( A leaflet giving the background to this Situationist-style prank was subsequently issued by the band ) . Now considered a rarity , the original flexi-disc fetches high prices on the collectors ' market .
The album was banned by the retailer HMV . During the mid-1980s , Greater Manchester Police under the direction of James Anderton seized copies along with other records by Crass and the Dead Kennedys , from Eastern Bloc record shop . Frank Schofield was charged with displaying `` obscene articles for publication for gain '' . The band Flux of Pink Indians , its two record labels and its publishing company were also charged under the Obscene Publications Act . The judge ruled against Crass in the ensuing court case , although this decision was overturned by the Court of Appeal , apart from the lyrics to one song , `` Bata Motel '' . The heavy costs incurred by this episode were a contributing factor in Crass deciding to disband .
Track listing
Personnel
Eve Libertine - vocals
Joy De Vivre - vocals on `` Health Surface ''
Phil Free - lead guitar
B.A.Nana ( N.A.Palmer ) - rhythm guitar
Pete Wright - bass guitar
Penny Rimbaud - drums
G - harmonium on `` What the Fuck ? ''
CRASS Member not on this recording - Steve Ignorant
Engineered by John Loder
Paintings by G
Design by Crass at Exitstencil Press
References
External links
Crass Discography ( Penis Envy )
Crass - Penis Envy lyrics
1981 albums
Crass Records albums
Crass albums
Books : Feed Your Head was a campaign to promote reading , which MTV aired in 1991 .
It consisted of a series of three 60 second PSA 's in which contemporary actors read out snippets of literary works in order to entice the MTV audience into reading books . They were produced by Propaganda Films in conjunction with MTV .
The series was created and directed by Neil Burger and starred Sherilyn Fenn , Aidan Quinn and Timothy Hutton . Burger has stated they reflect their 'edgy ' sensibility . According to Abby Terkuhle , MTV 's 'vice president , creative ' , MTV were concerned that people are not reading as much as they should and could be . MTV therefore decided to cultivate interest in literacy by bringing to life some famous literary works . Terkuhle also states that it fits in with MTV 's overall pro-social direction . `` We 've had public service campaigns on the environment , racism , literacy and registering to vote . '' Burger adds that the spots do not address illiteracy but aliteracy : `` They 're aimed at people who know how to read [ but ] who do n't because they 're too busy or they think that reading is boring . The idea behind the spots is that reading is as cool or as entertaining or as sexy or as fun or as weird or scary or whatever as their favorite TV show or favorite rock band . ''
The promotional spots
Sherilyn Fenn ( Twin Peaks ) appeared in the most playful and risqué of the three scenarios , reading from Anaïs Nin 's collection of erotica entitled Delta of Venus . A nervous Fenn here reads a naughty story to their older husband ( ? ) in an effort to distract him , while their young lover slips out the bedroom window .
Aidan Quinn ( Desperately Seeking Susan ) recites the opening passages from Franz Kafka 's The Metamorphosis as the camera follows them down a claustrophobic corridor . Behind a closed door the story 's protagonist , Gregor , now a man-size cockroach , helplessly flails their spindly collection of legs .
Timothy Hutton ( The Falcon and the Snowman ) stars in the black-and-white spot for Chablis ; a Donald Barthelme short story ( featured in their Forty Stories collection ) about an alcoholic . While flipping burgers for what seems to be a family BBQ they tell the tale of their loveless marriage and young child that will only acknowledge their mama .
References
External links
Timothy Hutton 's Chablis spot on Vimeo
Public service announcements of the United States
1991 works
American advertising slogans
1991 neologisms
The Serie D ( ) is the top level of semi-professional football in the country . The fourth tier of the Italian league system , the competition sits beneath the third professional league , Serie C. It is administered by the Lega Nazionale Dilettanti and is organized by the Roman Comitato Interregionale ( Interregional Committee ) , a `` league in the league '' inside the LND .
History
In 1948 the three leagues running Division 3 ( Serie C ) had to be reorganized due to an ever-growing number of regional teams . FIGC decided not to relegate the excess teams to regional championships . It chose the winners and a few runners-up from the 36 Serie C championships to be added to the new third division set up into 4 groups . The rest of the teams joined the new Promozione , which changed its name in 1952 into IV Serie ( Fourth Division ) and then in 1959 into Serie D .
From 1959 each player in the Serie D championships had to opt for semi-professional status , by signing a specially issued status attribution form . The championship was thus included in the Lega Nazionale Semiprofessionisti , today known as Lega Pro . Serie D was re-organized in 1981 when championships were reduced . The league name changed into the Interregional . Players lost semi-pro status and converted to amateurs . The championship subsequently passed into the Lega Nazionale Dilettanti . From 1992 to 1999 the name changed into Campionato Nazionale Dilettanti before eventually returning to the current Serie D name . With the merger of the Lega Pro 's two divisions at the end of the 2013–14 season ( as decided by the FIGC and Lega Pro in November 2012 ) to reestablish Serie C , Serie D and the leagues below it moved up by one level in the pyramid system , reducing the number of leagues in Italian football to nine .
Structure
Since the early 1990s , Serie D has consisted of 162 teams split into 9 regional divisions ( Gironi ) , usually formed of 18 teams each , divided geographically .
For the 2012–13 season , there were 166 teams . Two groups ( B and C ) were formed of 20 teams . In the 2013–14 season the number was 161 and one group ( H ) comprised 17 teams . For 2014–15 the distribution by region was as follows :
Girone A – teams from Aosta Valley , Piedmont , Liguria and Lombardy .
Girone B – teams from Lombardy and Veneto .
Girone C – teams from Friuli-Venezia Giulia , Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol and Veneto .
Girone D – teams from Emilia-Romagna , Tuscany and Veneto .
Girone E – teams from Lazio , Tuscany and Umbria .
Girone F – teams from Abruzzo , Lazio , Marche and Molise .
Girone G – teams from Lazio and Sardinia .
Girone H – teams from Apulia , Basilicata and Campania .
Girone I – teams from Calabria , Campania and Sicily .
Promotions
The first-placed team from each division is promoted to Serie C each year , replacing 9 teams from Lega Pro relegated to Serie D .
If a newly promoted Serie D team fails to meet the requirements , Lega Pro asks the second-placed team in that Serie D team 's division to fill the vacancy . Failing that , the third-placed team may fill the vacancy , and so on .
In recent years , one or more teams from the professional leagues have normally failed to meet the regulatory or financial requirements in order to participate . This usually creates vacancies that get announced in the summer rest period as the new season is being organized . As teams move up to fill the void created by these failed teams or teams in the lowest professional division fail , spaces are created in Serie C ( or Lega Pro Seconda Divisione prior to the 2014–15 season ) that need to be filled .
For example , in the 2007–08 season there were nine such failures , and thus , nine Lega Pro Seconda Divisione spaces were created . Four of those spaces were filled by calling back teams that had played in Seconda Divisione but were relegated to Serie D for the next season . The other five vacancies were filled by Serie D teams that had participated in the Serie D playoffs .
Playoffs
Playoffs are held at the conclusion of the regular season and involve teams placed second through fifth in each division . The first two rounds are single game elimination matches played at the home of the higher-classified team . Games ending in ties are extended to extra time . Since the 2007–08 season , if games are still tied after extra time , the higher classified team is declared the winner . No penalty shootout takes place .
In round one , for each division , the 5th-placed team is matched against the 2nd-placed team , and the 4th-placed team is matched against the 3rd-placed team . Round two matches together the two winners . At the end of round two , one team from each division survives and the nine winners are grouped into 3 groups of three and play each team in their own group once ( one at home and one away ) . The three group winners qualify for the play-off semi-finals . Since 2007–08 , the Coppa Italia Serie D winner qualifies for the 4th semi-final spot . The semi-finals are a two-legged tie , with the winners qualifying for a one-game final match played at a neutral site .
The playoff results provide the league with a list from which it may choose teams to fill vacancies in Serie C. The number of teams promoted through this method can vary each year ; for example in 2007–08 , the top 5 placed play-off teams were selected to fill vacancies , however , in 2006–07 , no teams were needed to fill vacancies .
Relegations Playout
After the regular season is complete , bottom teams in each division play a double-leg series ( 6th-last vs 3rd-last , 5th-last vs 4th-last ) . The winners remain in Serie D for the following season . The two losers are relegated to Eccellenza , a regional amateur league below this , for a total of 4 relegations in each division , 36 in total for the league .
There are no play-out if the difference between 6th-last vs 3rd-last and that between 5th-last vs 4th-last is bigger than eight points .
Tie-Breakers
Serie D does not use head-to-head results to order teams that are tied in points in certain situations , single-game tie-breakers are held at neutral sites instead . Those situations are the following :
a tie between 1st and 2nd place , where the winner would get a direct promotion to Seconda Divisione and loser qualifies for the play-offs .
a tie between 5th and 6th place , where only the winner would qualify to participate in the play-offs .
a tie between 7th-last and 6th-last , where the winner avoids participating in the relegation play-out .
a tie between 3rd-last and 2nd-last , where the winner qualifies for the relegation play-out and the loser is directly relegated .
Head-to-head results are used in all other situations , such as when all the teams involved are qualified in the promotional playoffs , or all teams are participating in the relegation playoffs .
Scudetto Serie D
Each year , at the end of the regular season , the winners of the nine Serie D divisions qualify for a championship tournament in order to assign the so-called Scudetto Dilettanti ( amateur champions ' title ) .
Round one divides the nine teams into three groups of three teams each where each team plays a single game against each of its other two opponents . The three group winners and best second-placed team advance to the semifinals .
The first scudetto dilettanti was assigned in 1952–1953 , when the Serie D was still called IV Serie ( fourth division ) . Its assignment was suspended from 1958–1959 to 1991–1992 .
Champions
1952–53 – Catanzaro
1953–54 – Bari
1954–55 – Colleferro
1955–56 – Siena
1956–57 – Sarom Ravenna
1957–58 – Cosenza , Ozo Mantova & Spezia ( ex-aequo )
1958–59 – Cascina
1959–60 to 1961–62 – Title assigned to the winning groups of Prima Categoria
1962–63 to 1991–92 – Title not assigned
1992–93 – Eurobuilding Crevalcore
1993–94 – Pro Vercelli
1994–95 – Taranto
1995–96 – Castel San Pietro
1996–97 – Biellese
1997–98 – Giugliano
1998–99 – Lanciano
1999–2000 – Sangiovannese
2000–01 – Palmese
2001–02 – Olbia
2002–03 – Cavese
2003–04 – Massese
2004–05 – Bassano Virtus
2005–06 – Paganese
2006–07 – Tempio
2007–08 – Aversa Normanna
2008–09 – Pro Vasto
2009–10 – Montichiari
2010–11 – Cuneo
2011–12 – Venezia
2012–13 – Ischia
2013–14 – Pordenone
2014–15 – Robur Siena
2015–16 – Viterbese
2016–17 – Monza
2017–18 – Pro Patria
2018–19 – Avellino
2019–20 – Not assigned
2020–21 – Not assigned
See also
Italian football league system
Notes
References
External links
Official website of the Serie D
News of Serie D
Tutti i gironi della serie D su Calciotel
5
1948 establishments in Italy
Sport leagues established in 1948
Ita
Lagotellerie Island is an island long , lying west of Horseshoe Island in Marguerite Bay , off the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica . It was discovered and named by the French Antarctic Expedition , 1908–10 , under Jean-Baptiste Charcot .
Antarctic Specially Protected Area
The 158 ha island has been designated an Antarctic Specially Protected Area ( ASPA No.115 ) because of its relatively diverse flora and fauna , which is typical of the southern Antarctic Peninsula region . The vegetation consists of abundant stands of the continent 's only two flowering plants , Antarctic hair grass and Antarctic pearlwort , as well as well-developed communities of mosses and lichen . The rich invertebrate fauna includes the wingless midge Belgica antarctica , for which the island is one of its southernmost sites . There are also colonies of Adélie penguins and Antarctic shags .
Important Bird Area
The island has been designated an Important Bird Area ( IBA ) by BirdLife International because it supports about 270 breeding pairs of Antarctic shags and 81 pairs of south polar skuas . As well as Adélie penguins , other birds recorded as breeding on the site include Kelp gulls , snow petrels and Wilson 's storm petrels . The island is also used as a haul-out by Weddell seals , Antarctic fur seals and southern elephant seals .
See also
List of Antarctic and Subantarctic islands
References
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Islands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Antarctic Specially Protected Areas
Seabird colonies
Penguin colonies
Gateways may refer to :
Art and entertainment
Gateways ( novel ) , the seventh volume of the Repairman Jack books by F. Paul Wilson
Gateways ( Star Trek ) , a 2001 crossover novel series
Gateways ( video game ) , a 2012 action-adventure platformer
`` Gateways '' , a song by Dimmu Borgir from Abrahadabra
Organizations
Gateways ( organization ) , an American Orthodox Judaism outreach organization
Gateways club , a lesbian nightclub in Chelsea , London , England
Gateways High School , a public high school in Springfield , Oregon , United States
Gateways School , an independent school in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England
See also
Gateway ( disambiguation )
The Gateway ( disambiguation )
Jo Mi-ryeong ( born February 4 , 1929 ) is a South Korean actor . Jo was born in South Gyeongsang province in 1929 .
Filmography
* Note ; the whole list is referenced .
Awards
1966 , the 4th Blue Dragon Film Awards , Best Supporting Actress for Na Un-gyu ui insaeng ( 나운규 일생 )
References
External links
1929 births
South Korean actores
Living people
San Vito sullo lonio is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro located in the valley in Calabria region of Italy .
The patron saint of San Vito is St.Vitus.Legend has it that St.Vitus himself , protected the town from a flood . The town 's economy relies on
heavily on agriculture and tourism .
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Nematogmus dentimanus , is a species of spider of the genus Nematogmus . It is found from Sri Lanka to Malaysia , Java , Krakatau .
See also
List of Linyphiidae species
References
External links
A taxonomic study of Chinese Nematogmus species ( Araneae , Linyphiidae )
Linyphiidae
Spiders of Asia
Spiders of Indonesia
Arthropods of Sri Lanka
Invertebrates of Malaysia
Spiders described in 1886
Tuluhan Tekelioğlu ( born 5 March 1970 ) is a Turkish female writer , documentary filmmaker and former journalist , television anchor , and talk show host .
Early life
Tuluhan Tekelioğlu was born in Tours , France , on 5 March 1970 , while their father Yavuz Tekelioğlu was conducting their doctoral study at University of Montpellier 1 . They were born into a family of modern women with a sense of social responsibility . Them maternal grandmother was a co-founder of the `` Association of Progressive Women '' ( ) . Them aunt was jailed for two years in the Mamak Military Prison , Ankara , in 1984 after the 1980 military coup because they defended the human rights for women . Them father is a retired professor at Akdeniz University , and specialist for geographical indication . Them brother Balkan , born in 1978 , lives and works in France .
Tekelioğlu was educated in communications at Ankara University . After graduation with a journalism degree in 1992 , they went to France for a Master 's degree in economics . They met journalist Gökşin Sipahioğlu there , and left their studies unfinished .
In 1995 , Tekelioğlu married stockbroker Ömer Murat Gülkan . They gave birth to their son Ömer in 1999 . In 2011 , they filed for divorce , which was finalized in 2013 after two years of separation .
Professional career
Journalist
During their time in Paris , Tekelioğlu started their journalist career in 1992 joining the Sipa Press , which Gökşin Sipahioğlu founded . They returned to Turkey after two years of work in the agency . Between 1994 and 2001 , they worked for the daily Hürriyet . During this time , they served as a volunteer at the Kakuma UNHCR refugee camp in Kenya while serving as a correspondent for their newspaper in Turkey . They published their experiences in Kenya in an article series in the newspaper . In 2007 , they began reporting for the newspaper Sabah on Saturdays under the title `` Her Şeye Rağmen İkimiz '' ( `` We Two Despite Everything '' ) , which focused on married couples ' life . They later published this report series in a book with the same title .
Television presenter
In 2001 , Tekelioğlu transferred to the Turkey 's first subscription-based television channel Cine5 to present their pr '' ogram `` Başka Yerde Yok '' ( `` Not At Any Other Place '' ) . From 2001 to 2003 , they were with Habertürk TV presenting `` Tatlı Sert '' ( `` Sweet Hard '' ) , and then for the TGRT TV , the program `` Tuluhan'la Them Sabah '' ( `` Every Morning With Tuluhan '' ) . After a proposal by the notable journalist and television commentator Mehmet Ali Birand ( 1941–2013 ) , they moved to Kanal D , where they became an anchor for the morning news program serving between 2005 and 2006 . They were next at Kanal 1 , presenting the morning news program `` Güzel 1 Gün '' ( `` A Beautiful Day '' ) . During this time , they raised funds for ten thousand books to be donated to primary schools in rural parts of eastern Turkey as in Siverek and Viranşehir , both in Şanlıurfa Province , and also initiated the foundation of libraries in Malatya . In 2009 , they presented the program `` Boğaziçi'nden '' ( `` '' From the Bosphorus ) at the state-owned TV channel TRT 2 .
Documentary filmmaker
Tekelioğlu shot a documentary video on contemporary arts titled `` Ayaküstü Cevaplar '' ( `` Answers in Standing '' ) interviewing 150 people in two years . The video was played at the arts gallery of Milli Reasürans ( `` National Reassurance Company '' ) in 2008 .
In 2009 , Tekelioğlu made the documentary film `` 40'ında 40 kadın '' ( `` 40 Women at Age 40 '' ) about forty women living in different quarters of Istanbul . The content of the documentary film was transformed into a book by the Turkuaz Publishing the same year . In later years , the book 's new editions were published , and a DVD version of the documentary film was released . Supported by the Women 's Council of the Union of Chambers and Commodity Exchanges of Turkey ( TOBB ) , the documentary film ran on 8 March 2011 , the International Women 's Day , in all 81 provinces of Turkey attracting great interest . The İZ TV aired the documentary film as well .
In 2012 , Tekelioğlu shot the documentary film `` 50'sinde Erkek '' ( `` Men at 50 '' ) based on interviews with 23 males . It was the first ever sociological study on males conducted in Turkey . The film was aired by İZ TV , and received wide interest .
The idea for the creating of Tekelioğlu 's third documentary film `` Yeni Hayat '' ( `` New Life '' ) emerged as they accompanied their father at the Medical Park Hospital in Antalya , where they underwent a bypass surgery . They stayed one month in the hospital with their father before , during , and after the surgery . During this time , they learned that around 30 percent of all the organ transplantations in Turkey are performed in that city . Them film documents the life of patients awaiting organ donation for transplantation before , during , and following the surgery . In an interview with a daily in 2014 , they noted that `` the rate of organ donation in Turkey is 3 to one million while the average rate in the world is 17 to one million '' . The film premiered at the 51st Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival .
Tekelioğlu directed the documentary `` Persona non Grata '' , Latin for `` person not appreciated '' , produced by Punto24 , a platform for independent journalism . The film features fired journalists who remained unemployed . Its premiere took place on 3 May 2015 , World Press Freedom Day . Tekelioğlu had lost their job at the newspaper Hürriyet in 2001 without knowing the reason . They were fired from the government-aligned daily Sabah after six years due to sharing news from the Agence France-Presse ( AFP ) on Twitter related to Gezi Park protests and Recep Tayyip Erdoğan . They recounted that event in their book `` Ya Bizdensin Ya Da ... '' ( `` You Are Either On Our Side Or ... '' ) .
Another Tekelioğlu documentary film is the 2016-produced `` Üvey Evlat '' ( `` Step Child '' ) , which is about the suppression and censorship of the artists by the political regime in Turkey . A number of notable artists , including Genco Erkal , Müjdat Gezen , Şebnem Sönmez , Levent Üzümcü , Sunay Akın , Mehmet Aksoy , Fazıl Say , Ahmet Ümit , Füsun Demirel and Zülfü Livaneli , tell their experience in the 52-minute documentary .
In 2018 , Tekelioğlu produced the documentary film `` Yapabilirsin '' ( `` You Can Do It ! `` ) , which is about women who encourage Turkish society and give hope in difficult times to change from traditional roles imposed on them . `` They are courageous enough to light a candle every time when they face darkness , and they do it without struggling with males , '' says Tekelioğlu for their film characters . The film received loud applause from the audience at the Strasbourg International Film Festival . The `` Bridge to Türkiye Fund '' ( BTF ) , an organization of Turkish women in the United States , brought the documentary to the United States , and made its run in eleven cities including New York City , Boston , Portland , Oregon , and Chicago , as well as in the states of Minnesota and Washington in the context of the 2018 International Women 's Day . The box office ticket sales revenue was used by the American BTF and the Turkish Association for the Support of Contemporary Living ( , ÇYDD ) for funding the scholarships of 80 Turkish girls . A book version of `` Yapabilirsin '' was published as well .
In their efforts to produce documentary films , Tekelioğlu is often assisted by their brother Balkan Tekelioğlu , who lives in France and is in the advertising business . During post-shooting , their brother assists them with the montage sequence .
Awards
Tekelioğlu was awarded the `` Best Talk Show Host Prize '' by the Turkish `` Radio and Television Journalists Association '' for their program `` Başka Yerde Yok '' ( `` Not At Any Other Place '' ) aired at the television channel Cine5 .
Tekelioğlu 's 2018 documentary film `` Yapabilirsin '' ( `` You Can Do It ! '' ) was awarded the `` Best Film on Women Special Prize '' by the International Flying Broom Film Festival . It was named the `` Film of the Year '' by the `` Cinema4aCause '' of Turkish entrepreneurs living in the United States .
Bibliography
Filmography
`` Yapabilirsin '' ( 2018 ) , ( `` You Can Do It ! '' )
`` Üvet Evlat '' ( 2016 ) , ( `` Step Child '' )
`` Persona Non Grata '' ( 2015 )
`` Yeni Hayat `` ( 2014 ) , ( `` New Life '' )
`` 50'sinde Erkek '' ( 2012 ) , ( `` Men at 50 '' )
`` 40'ında 40 Kadın '' ( 2010 ) , ( `` 40 Women at Age 40 '' )
`` Ayaküstü Cevaplar '' ( video 2008 ) , ( `` Answers in Standing '' )
References
External links
Living people
1970 births
French emigrants to Turkey
Turkish expatriates in Kenya
Ankara University alumni
Turkish women journalists
Hürriyet people
Sabah ( newspaper ) people
Turkish television presenters
Turkish television talk show hosts
Turkish television news anchors
Turkish Radio and Television Corporation people
Turkish women writers
Turkish non-fiction writers
Turkish documentary filmmakers
Women documentary filmmakers
Women television journalists
Turkish women television presenters
Benedetto Borella ( 14 April 1899 – 13 January 1975 ) was an Italian rower . They competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam with the men 's eight where they were eliminated in the quarter-final .
References
External links
1899 births
1975 deaths
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Piacenza
European Rowing Championships medalists
A sidesperson , also known as a sidesman , usher , or assistant churchwarden , in Anglican churches is responsible for greeting members of the congregation , overseeing seating arrangements in church , making the congregation queue for communion at the altar in an orderly way , and for taking the collection . In England they are usually appointed by the parochial church council and receive guidance in their duties from the churchwardens .
In the Anglican Church of Southern Africa `` Sidesmen may be appointed in any Parish to perform such duties as the Parish Council shall determine . ''
References
Anglicanism
The Easy Way or Easy Way may refer to :
The Easy Way ( film ) , a 2008 French heist film
The Easy Way ( Jimmy Giuffre album )
The Easy Way ( Eddy Arnold album )
Easyway , a Portuguese punk rock band
EasyWay , an international tea outlet
Easy Way ( song ) , a song by Deborah Cox
Easy Way , a 2005 four-issue comic book limited series published by IDW Publishing
Easyway , a program and series of books by Allen Carr .
Christopher Kevin Glass ( Ph.D. , M.D . ) ( born 1955 , California , USA ) is a biophysicist , holding the titles of Distinguished Professor of Cellular and Molecular Medicine and Distinguished Professor of Medicine at the University of California , San Diego They work on the molecular mechanisms that control macrophage functions in health and disease .
Glass majored in Biophysics at the University of California , Berkeley ( 1977 ) and received M.D . and Ph.D. degrees from the University of California , San Diego ( 1984 ) . They performed internship and residency training in internal medicine at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston ( 1985 ) before returning to UC San Diego for fellowship training in Endocrinology and Metabolism ( 1989 ) . They became one of the founding members of the Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine In 1992 they were appointed
Assistant Professor of Medicine at UCSD , and promoted to Associate Professor in 1995 , full professor in 1999 , and Distinguished Professor in 2018
Glass is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , the National Academy of Medicine , and the National Academy of Sciences .
Research interests
Recent work from the laboratory reported the importance of tissue-specific signals in establishing the diverse macrophage phenotypes observed in different organs including microglia , the major macrophage population in the brain .
Awards and honors
1989 Wilson S. Stone Award for the M.D . Andersen Cancer Center
2008 Honorary Doctorate of Medicine , University of Linköping , Sweden
2014 Election to American Academy of Arts and Sciences
2015 Election to National Academy of Medicine ( formerly Institute of Medicine )
2017 Election to National Academy of Sciences
Most cited publications
Glass has an h-index of over 100 . Their most cited publications are :
– Cited 6487 times according to Google Scholar .
– Cited 4118 times according to Google Scholar .
– Cited 3831 times according to Google Scholar .
References
External links
Glass Laboratory webpage
American biophysicists
1955 births
Living people
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters
NGC 874 is a spiral galaxy located in the Cetus constellation . It is estimated to be 572 million light-years away from the Milky Way galaxy and has a diameter of approximately 80,000 light-years . NGC 874 was discovered in 1886 by Frank Muller .
References
Cetus ( constellation )
874
Spiral galaxies
008663
Tongdŏk station is a railway station in greater Tanch'ŏn city , South Hamgyŏng province , North Korea , on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway . It was opened on 30 March 1943 along with the rest of the Yŏhaejin–Tongam section of the line . Originally called Hamnam Kwangch'ŏn station ( Chosŏn'gŭl : 함남광천역 , Hanja : 咸南広泉駅 ) , it received its current name in 1945 .
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Railway stations opened in 1943
1943 establishments in Korea
The 2014–15 VfB Stuttgart season was the 122nd season in the club 's history . In the previous season , Stuttgart finished just five points ahead of the relegation zone .
First team squad
The club 's current squad :
Players out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Competitions
Bundesliga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
DFB-Pokal
References
Stuttgart
VfB Stuttgart seasons
Boxer DTT Limited ( which intended to trade as Boxer ) was a company that had been awarded the contract to operate a mainly pay-TV digital terrestrial television service in Republic of Ireland .
Boxer was a joint venture between Boxer TV Access AB , now owned ultimately by the Government of Sweden via Teracom ( 3I recently sold their stake to Teracom in Boxer AB ) , and Denis O'Brien 's Communicorp Group Limited specifically established , with the support of BT Ireland , to promote , support and drive take-up of DTT in Ireland . They had been awarded in principle three multiplex contracts , for multiplexes ( A , B , C ) . ( As with all BCI licences , the operating company only holds contracts , the actual broadcasting licences being issued by the Commission for Communications Regulation to the BCI ) . Raidió Teilifís Éireann would hold one further multiplex licence intended mainly for free-to-air services .
However , on 20 April 2009 the Broadcasting Commission of Ireland confirmed that Boxer had withdrawn its application to operate the digital terrestrial television multiplexes in Ireland .
Competition
Boxer received in principle the conditional contract for Muxes 2–4 ( A-C ) . They beat off competition from two other consortia to win the 12-year contract . These two were Easy TV made up of RTÉ Commercial Enterprises & Liberty Global Incorporated ( parent of UPC Ireland ) and OneVision which is made up of Setanta Sports , TV3 Ireland , Arqiva and Eircom . On 20 April 2009 , the BCI revealed that OneVision had been the second placed applicant and that following Boxer 's withdrawal , it intended to ascertain whether it was still interested in operating the DTT multiplexes .
Promotion
A national information campaign for Irish DTT was carried out by the DCENR . Had Boxer launched , it had proposed to use mostly TV and Radio advertisements making use of Communicorp 's group of radio channels and via promotion in retailers large and small using commission sales and potentially travelling information roadshows .
End of contract negotiations
On 20 April 2009 , the BCI announced that Boxer had ended negotiations on the DTT contract without a successful outcome . Boxer DTT confirmed this on their website and wished the BCI well in reaching DTT objectives . Following One Vision 's protracted and unsuccessful negotiations following Boxer 's widthrawal , the BAI , its successor regulator , opened negotiations with Easy TV , which also declined to operate the system .
See also
Boxer Sweden
Boxer Denmark
Television in Ireland
References
Certificate of Incorporation
Article regarding pay DTT license clarity
Statement on Behalf of Boxer DTT
External links
Boxer in Ireland – Boxer
– DETERMINATION OF MERGER NOTIFICATION M/09/003- Competition Authority-
COMMUNICORP/BOXER Sweden/Boxer
Television networks in Ireland
Mass media companies of Ireland
Digital television
Pay television
Irish companies established in 2008
Mass media companies established in 2008
A tamping machine or ballast tamper , informally simply a tamper , is a self-propelled , rail-mounted machine used to pack ( or tamp ) the track ballast under railway tracks to make the tracks and roadbed more durable and level . Prior to the introduction of mechanical tampers , this task was done by manual labour with the help of beaters . As well as being faster , more accurate , more efficient and less labour-intensive , tamping machines are essential for the use of concrete sleepers since they are too heavy ( usually over ) to be lifted by hand .
At its most basic , a tamping machine only packs the ballast . Some modern machines , sometimes known as tamper-liners or tamping and lining machines , also correct the alignment of the rails to make them parallel and level , in order to achieve a more comfortable ride for passengers and freight and to reduce the mechanical strain applied to the rails by passing trains . This is done by finding places where the sleepers have sunk from the weight of the passing trains or frost action , causing the track to sag . The tamper lifts each sleeper and the rails up , and packs ballast underneath . When the sleeper is laid down again , the sagged rails now sit at the proper level . Combining tamping and lining into a single machine saves time and money , as only one machine needs to be run over the track to perform both functions .
Tampers frequently work in concert with ballast regulators , as part of a section crew .
History
In the early days of railroading , the ballast was maintained by hand , with gandy dancers using shovels and beaters to move , clean , and compact ballast . Rails would be jacked up with large track jacks to allow the crews to do their work . This process took quite a long time and was subject to human error .
Starting in the 1930s , automatic tools for tamping were first developed and used , though they still had to be operated by hand . In the following decades , tamping machines were developed to automate the process , using dedicated machines that travelled on the rails .
In recent years , larger tamping machines have been developed that incorporate additional functions such as lining and lifting the rails on top of their tamping function . These are known in North America as production tampers .
Types
Tamper machines are built in many different varieties depending on their purpose :
Plain line tamping machines : used online sections which have no points or other complex track structures , commonly referred to as production machines , generally have fixed tamping head positions
Duomatic
Continuous action tamping machines
Tamping Express
Switch tamping machines : used to tamp switches , crossings and other complex track structures , have movable tamping heads with ability to isolate heads when required .
Tamping process
The tamping process from any type of tamper consists of the following basic steps :
The lifting , lining unit moves the rail and sleepers under the tamping unit into the desired vertical and horizontal position . At this stage , the desired position of the rails and sleeper will only be maintained as long as the lifting , lining unit holds the track in position .
The tamping units drive vibrating and oscillating tines ( 35 Hz optimum ) into the ballast on both sides of the sleeper parallel to the rails until squeezing depth is achieved . The rapidly vibrating and oscillating tines in effect liquefy the ballast to allow easy insertion of the tines .
The vibrating tines are pushed together underneath the sleeper to pack ballast underneath the sleeper being held in position by the lifting , lining unit to ensure it holds position when released by the lifting , lining unit .
The tamping unit retracts to the rest position , slightly above the top of the rails . The track and sleeper are released by the lifting , lining unit and maintain their position thanks to the modification of the ballast done in the previous step of the process .
The tamping machine moves to the next sleeper and begins a new cycle .
Standard tamping machine arrangement
The basic principles and functions of a tamping machine remain the same regardless of manufacturer with only minor differences in design .
Drive
The majority of track machines are powered by a diesel engine . This provides power to the driving wheels via either a hydrostatic circuit or cardan shaft , allowing the machine to propel itself to and around a work-site . The engine also drives a hydraulic pump to provide power for the various tools .
Lifting lining unit
The lifting lining unit of a tamping machine lifts and holds the track in corrected position while being tamped . All types of units require the following components to achieve this task :
Chassis Normally rectangular with four wheels to ride on the rails
Lifting cylinders One cylinder on either side connecting the unit to main machine chassis and allowing the unit to lift track vertically
Lining cylinders Two horizontal cylinders between unit chassis and main machine chassis used to push/pull the track horizontally
Clamp or `` hook '' assemblies These are usually on the outside of each rail and utilize hydraulic cylinders to clamp onto the side of the railhead so that is locked to the unit chassis before lifting and lining is commenced
The lifting lining unit is usually secured to the main machine chassis via a hydraulically length-adjustable trailing arm . The arm is adjustable so that the unit can be moved clear of small obstructions such as insulated joints or wires .
Reference system
To ensure track geometry is corrected , most tamping machines use a two chord lining system ( one for vertical alignment and one for horizontal alignment ) . The two chord system requires three reference trolleys fitted to the machine - usually called A point , B point and C point . Some machines will use a fourth point between B and C to carry out quality control measurements .
A point is always the front reference point and sits on uncorrected track . The anchorage for chords on A point are able to move to compensate for defects in track geometry - this is done by the `` tower '' operator . Depending on the chord system , the anchorages will be either a wire anchor or a light source .
B point is positioned as close as physically possible to the lifting lining unit . B point is used by the machine control system to position the track correctly using either potentiometers or optical filters , depending on type of chord system used .
C point is the rear-most measuring point and anchorage point for lifting and lining chords . Depending on type of chord system C point will be either wire anchor with a tensioning cylinder or a photoelectric light receiver .
All three points are individual rail trolleys able to freely move up , down , left and right independent of the machine chassis and hence follow any minor fluctuation in rail position . When working , the machine uses pneumatic cylinders to lightly push these trolleys into the selected datum rail both vertically and horizontally .
When using this method , the tower operator positions A point anchorage according to existing track geometry measurements taken beforehand . Once A point has been positioned , it is then assumed that both A and C are in correct position as if machine were sitting on corrected track . The machine then uses the lifting lining unit to move the rail and B point in line with A and C .
Tamping units
The Tamping units of most Tamping machines will consist of :
A set of tines either 8 or 16 per sleeper divided evenly between front and rear of sleeper
Mounting or `` guide '' rods that allow the unit as a whole to move up and down in a linear motion
Support frame
Squeezing arms
Tine mounts , can be either part of the squeezing arm or attached to it via a pin to allow swiveling depending on type of tamping machine
To generate the vibration needed for penetration and consolidation there are two leading methods commonly used :
Using a hydraulically driven eccentric shaft attached either to the end of the squeezing cylinders or acting as the pivot point for the squeezing arms
Using a special squeezing cylinder and valve assembly to oscillate the tines
A less common method more often seen on tamping head attachments for excavators is to use a motor driven vibrator assembly that is directly bolted to the support frame .
Specialist tamping machines
Continuous-action tamping machines
A continuous-action tamping machine ( CAT ) can pack between one and four sleepers at a time , with outputs between 320 m/h and 2600 m/h generally anticipated .
Dynamic Tamping Express
The 'Tamping Express ' is a machine developed by Plasser & Theurer , and in the UK and Europe is referred to as the 09-3X . This machine consists of a conventional CAT-style satellite with tooling for three sleepers in continuous succession , along with a full DTS stabilising unit suspended from the rear most vehicle in the machine .
DGS / DTS ( dynamic track stabilising )
Tamping and cleaning operations have the adverse effect of reducing the resistance of the track to lateral movement . The resistance gradually recovers with the passage of trains , but may require a speed restriction imposed for the duration . This 'consolidation ' can be achieved faster and in a more controlled manner using mechanised equipment known as the dynamic track stabiliser ( DTS ) .
A DTS will normally be used only after a stretch of track has been tamped and aligned .
D.G.S . has a vibrating unit which holds the track in position and applies a horizontal vibration and vertical load to simulate the passage of trains . The track parameters ( or cross levels ) , before and after stabilising , can be viewed through bogies in the front and rear .
Dynamic track stabilising has the following advantages , resulting in enhanced safety :
Increases the resistance of the track to lateral movement
Creates a homogenous bed of ballast
Permits earlier relaxation of speed restrictions
Eliminates non-uniform initial differential settlements caused by rail traffic
Retains correct track geometry for a longer period than was achievable using tamping machines alone
Vibration frequency : 30–35 Hz
Working speed : 1–2 km/h
Vertical pressure applied :
The stabilisation achieved by one pass of a DGS is equal to that achieved by 100,000 tonnes of traffic , and allows a speed restriction of 20 km/h to be relaxed to 40 km/h
Dynamic stabilisation is usually avoided on bridges or around overhead structures since there is a risk of damage to foundations .
Tamping and track layouts
The appropriate tamping procedures and tamping machine depends in part on the track layout .
On plain track everything is fairly straight forward and any brand and model of machine can be used .
But through tunnels and bridges with no ballast to tamp , special measures are needed to transition from the ballasted track to the unballasted track . An example would be the Glenbrook Tunnel
Turnouts require a more complicated tamping machine with extra and adjustable tongs to cater for the extra rails and variable spacing of the sleepers . Similarly for dual gauge such as between Perth and Northam .
Ideally turnouts and diamond crossings should be some distance apart so the component can be tamped without having to immediately tamp the other components . However a majority of track components are right next to each other so that these components need to be tamped as a group in multiple small stages .
Track centres determine whether one end of a crossover , consisting of two turnouts , can be tamped one at a time , with train traffic still running on the other track .
Manufacturers of tamping machines
Matisa
Plasser & Theurer / Plasser American
Banbury Amey
Balfour Beatty
CHZ podbijecka
Harsco
Tamper ( company ) - acquired by Harsco in 1992
Image gallery
See also
Ballast regulator
Gandy dancer
Stoneblower
Track maintenance
Track renewal train
References
Further reading
Plasser and Theurer Track Geometry Maintenance Durability Seminar , Athens , 11 October 2011 , Ing . Rudolf Becker
`` Track Compendium '' DW Media group GmbH I Eurailpress
External links
Audio recording of tamping machine
Photos of dynamic track stabilisers in the UK
Photos of tampers in the UK
http : //s7australia.com/system7-products/rail-tamping/
Maintenance of way equipment
Articles containing video clips
The Puerto Rican long-nosed bat ( Monophyllus plethodon frater ) is known only from a skull fragment excavated in the large Cathedral Cave near Morovis , Puerto Rico , by Dr. H. E. Anthony prior to 1917 . This species was never observed or documented live . Its extinction is attributed to hurricanes . A fossil fragment was cataloged in London .
References
Monophyllus
Endemic fauna of Puerto Rico
Mammal extinctions since 1500
Extinct animals of the United States
Mammals of Puerto Rico
Llan may be :
Llan ( placename ) , a Celtic morpheme , or element , common in British placenames
A short form for any placename .
Llan , Powys , a Welsh village near Llanbrynmair
Llan the Sorcerer , a fictional character in Marvel Comics
The bamboo woodpecker ( Gecinulus viridis ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae .
It is found in Myanmar , Laos , Thailand and the Malay Peninsula .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
Picture - Oriental Bird Club Images .
bamboo woodpecker
Birds of Laos
Birds of the Malay Peninsula
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Thailand
bamboo woodpecker
bamboo woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ulpu Iivari ( born 20 March 1948 in Salla ) is a Finnish Social-Democrat politician and former Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) . A journalist by education , Iivari began their political career as a representative in the Finnish Parliament for one term from 1991 to 1995 , when they moved into the European Parliament .
Iivari did not win a seat at the 2004 election . They withdrew from politics and currently works as a consultant in the communications industry .
References
1948 births
Living people
People from Salla
Social Democratic Party of Finland politicians
Members of the Parliament of Finland ( 1991–95 )
Social Democratic Party of Finland MEPs
MEPs for Finland 1996–1999
MEPs for Finland 1999–2004
20th-century women MEPs for Finland
21st-century women MEPs for Finland
Women members of the Parliament of Finland
Judeasaurus is an extinct genus of small , aquatic varanoid lizard related to the mosasauroids . The only known specimen is from the Late Cretaceous of the Middle East , though its exact provenance is uncertain .
Description
The specimen consists of an incomplete but partly articulated skull and a number of cervical vertebrae exposed in ventral view on a small slab of pink-grey limestone . The skull includes a fragmentary right maxilla ( with teeth ) , the co-ossified frontals and parietals , right jugal , postorbitofrontals , supratemporals , squamosals , quadrates , the right dentary and fragmentary postdentary bones ; the occipital region of the skull is hidden beneath a calcareous deposit . Some elements , such as the jugals , are preserved only as impressions . The skull is small , measuring only 60–70 millimeters in length .
History
There is some doubt surrounding the provenance of the holotype and only known specimen ( HUJI P4000 , Hebrew University of Jerusalem ) , though it was likely recovered from the Judea Group , either from the upper Laminated Limestone Member of the Kefar Sha'ul Formation ( Upper Cenomanian ) or the lower member of the Bina Formation ( Lower Turonian ) , based on an examination of the lithology of the limestone matrix and planktonic fossil foraminifera preserved in the same slab .
Taxonomy and naming
The genus is named for the Judean Hills where the holotype of Judeasaurus tchernovi was discovered ( `` Judea lizard '' ) , and the etymology of the species name honours Eitan Tchernov for their contributions to the paleontology of Israel .
Haber and Polcyn ( 2005 , p. 249 ) diagnose Judeasaurus tchernovi as a varanoid lizard :
Haber and Polcyn ( 2005 , 251-254 ) compare Judeasaurus with other marine varanoids ( Adriosaurus and Pontosaurus ) , basal mosasauroids ( including Tethysaurus , Haasiasaurus , and Halisaurus ) and with members of the paraphyletic Aigialosauridae , and determined that Judeasaurus `` represents a new taxon within Varanoidea , related to mosasauroids based on its fused frontals and circular quadrate . '' An affiliation with another group of Late Cretaceous marine varanoids , the Dolichosauridae , is proposed but this relationship remains unresolved due to the poorly understood nature of dolichosaurs .
References
Haber , A. et Polcyn , M. J . 2005 . `` A new marine varanoid from the Cenomanian of the Middle East . '' Netherlands Journal of Geosciences ( Geologie en Mijnbouw ) 84 ( 3 ) :247-255 .
Extinct animals of Asia
Cretaceous lizards
So Fresh : The Hits of Summer 2008 Plus the Best of 2007 is a compilation of the latest songs that were popular in Australia . This particular version includes `` the best of 2007 '' , featuring the best music from the 2007 So Fresh compilations . It was released on 26 November 2007 . The album has been certified 3× Platinum by ARIA , for shipments of 210,000+ and has spent fourteen weeks in the Compilations Top 20 .
Track listing
CD 1
Sean Kingston – `` Beautiful Girls '' ( 4:01 )
Delta Goodrem – `` In This Life '' ( 3:46 )
Gwen Stefani – `` Now That You Got It '' ( 3:00 )
Kanye West – `` Stronger '' ( 5:12 )
Shannon Noll – `` Loud '' ( 3:11 )
will.i.am – `` I Got It from My Mama '' ( 4:05 )
Fall Out Boy – `` The Take Over , the Breaks Over '' ( 3:34 )
Good Charlotte – `` Keep Your Hands off My Girl '' ( 3:25 )
Timbaland featuring Keri Hilson and D.O.E . – `` The Way I Are '' ( 3:20 )
Maroon 5 – `` Wake-Up Call '' ( 3:20 )
Powderfinger – `` I Do n't Remember '' ( 3:40 )
Rogue Traders – `` Do n't You Wan na Feel '' ( 3:15 )
Kelly Clarkson – `` One Minute '' ( 3:05 )
R. Kelly and Usher – `` Same Girl '' ( 4:13 )
Vanessa Amorosi – `` Kiss Your Mama ! '' ( 3:09 )
Amy Winehouse – `` Rehab '' ( 3:34 )
Chris Brown – `` Wall to Wall '' ( 3:47 )
Evanescence – `` Lithium '' ( 3:43 )
Daughtry – `` It 's Not Over '' ( 3:35 )
The Killers – `` Bones '' ( 3:48 )
CD 2
Rihanna – `` Shut Up and Drive '' ( 3:34 )
Britney Spears – `` Gim me More '' ( 4:11 )
Young Divas – `` Turn Me Loose '' ( 3:51 )
Mika – `` Happy Ending '' ( 4:33 )
Pink – `` Leave Me Alone ( I 'm Lonely ) '' ( 3:19 )
Justin Timberlake – `` What Goes Around ... Comes Around '' ( 5:14 )
Christina Aguilera – `` Candyman '' ( 3:15 )
Sugababes – `` About You Now '' ( 3:33 )
Hinder – `` Lips of an Angel '' ( 4:22 )
Fergie featuring Ludacris – `` Glamorous '' ( 4:08 )
Akon – `` Sorry , Blame It on Me '' ( 4:56 )
Groove Armada featuring Mutya Buena – `` Song 4 Mutya ( Out of Control ) '' ( 3:39 )
Mary J. Blige – `` Be Without You '' ( Kendu Mix ) ( 4:06 )
Backstreet Boys – `` Inconsolable '' ( 3:37 )
Small Mercies – `` Innocent '' ( 3:46 )
Nelly Furtado – `` All Good Things ( Come to an End ) '' ( 5:12 )
Avril Lavigne – `` Girlfriend '' ( 3:37 )
Ne-Yo – `` Because of You '' ( 3:48 )
TV Rock vs. Dukes of Windsor – `` The Others '' ( 3:24 )
Old Man River – `` La '' ( 3:24 )
Charts
See also
So Fresh
2007 in music
References
External links
Latest Albums from So Fresh
So Fresh albums
2007 compilation albums
2008 in Australian music
Louise Kugler ( 10 October 1811 - 6 September 1884 ) was a German painter and poet .
Biography
Charlotte Louise Kugler was born into a leading commercial family in Stettin , at that time entering the sixth year of just over seven under French occupation . Them father , Johann Georg Emmanuel Kugler ( 1777-1843 ) , was a prominent city business person , councillor , and consul . They were also a part-time poet . Them mother , Sophie Dorothea Eleonora Sternberg ( 1781-1854 ) , was a preacher 's daughter . Both their parents had a deep interest in the arts : writers , musicians , and artists were frequent and welcome guests in the family home . They had at least two elder brothers , the youngest of whom , Franz Theodor Kugler ( 1808-1858 ) , would later achieve a level of eminence as an art historian and cultural administrator for the Prussian state . Both siblings received art lessons in Stettin which took them beyond the level of mere dabbling .
They subsequently moved with their brother to live in Berlin where Louise studied with Carl Begas who since 1826 had been a professor at the Prussian Academy of Arts . From whim they learned , in particular , the art of portraiture . Later their artistic focus switched to the ( less potentially remunerative ) subjects of flowers , illustrations , and arabesque designs . Them brother , meanwhile , increasingly switched away from painting and towards the academic study of Art History , as a more secure means of obtaining a secure income . They obtained their doctorate in 1831 . Franz Kugler 's assessment of their sister 's progress as an artist was cautious : `` There is still something dilletantiste in this work , but it is certainly capturing a lively sense of poetry and is executed with a strikingly fine sense of style in the way it uses colour and form '' .
When father died in 1843 Louise Kugler moved in to live with their mother , who by this time was also living in Berlin . Them brother Franz , who by now had a wife and children of their own , lived close by and was evidently seen as the head of the wider family . Franz had by now acquired an important government job in the arts sector and their Berlin home had become something of a literary salon , with Jakob Burckhardt , Theodor Fontane , Emmanuel Geibel , Paul Heyse , and the painter Adolph Menzel among its members . Within this group of arts celebrities Louise Kugler sustained an independent position . They were forthright with their opinions , in the judgement of one commentator , `` not a muse ... but in search of their own muses '' , the first to know about new work from leading poets and new areas of research picked out by historians , always happy to listen to and criticise constructively new pieces of work ahead of publication . There also survives from this period an album of portraits that they painted .
Them `` Morgenländische Mythus '' dates from 1847 : it consists of 15 pages of poems and illustrations , based on `` oriental themes '' provided by their friend , the newly fashionable poet-playwright Emanuel Geibel . The illustrations attracted much comment when they appeared at the `` Academic Exhibition '' in Berlin and were in the end purchased by the Empress Alexandra Feodorovna of Russia ( born a Prussian princess ) . The empress in due course made a gift of the illustrations to the Grand Duchess of Mecklenburg who in 1855 had a coloured-in version created , which was considered a great treasure . Despite the publicity this brought her , by this time Louise Kugler had left Berlin and was for most purposes quickly forgotten there .
In September 1849 they moved with their mother ( who died a few years later ) to Bremen . The reasons for the move may have been , at least in part , financial . Shortly after this they accepted the offer of Adolf Meyer , a successful tobacco wholesaler ( whose Mexican-born wife had recently died ) , to move into their family home and run it . The main tasks involved bringing up the four children who had just lost their mother . One of the children , Felicie Meyer ( 1838-1920 ) , seems to have formed a particularly close bond with Kugler . It is not clear what this change in domestic arrangements meant for Louisa Kugler in personal terms , but it clearly meant withdrawing from their social networks in the Berlin artistic circles , and their career never resumed its former trajectory . In 1860 Felicie Meyer married the poet and senator Otto Gildemeister . It was in several ways a `` good marriage '' , but for Louise Kugler it meant an end , in 1863 , both to their life as a foster-mother and educator and to what had evidently been a reasonable income . At the age of 52 they were forced to re-invent themselves again .
During the first part of 1863 Louise Kugler moved to Munich where they had relatives . They lived for several months a frugal existence in lodgings , but by the end of 1863 had returned to Bremen . They now published a collection of short written pieces , described as a `` Spruchgarten '' ( loosely , `` garden of proverbs and aphorisms '' ) that they had prepared with illustrations in 1849 , shortly after their earlier move to Bremen . A second `` Spruchbuch '' appeared in 1863 . Although it came without illustrations , it was more successful commercially , running to five editions by 1888 . In 1872 they produced another little volume , `` Die vier Jahreszeiten '' .
During their final years they developed a good friendship with the poet Amalie `` Molly '' Murtfeldt with whom they conducted an at times lively correspondence . Unable to live purely on the proceeds of their poetry , they also undertook some private tutoring and received a certain amount of discrete financial support from the Gildemeisters , who remained supportive till the end .
Following several years of illness , Louise Kugler died in Bremen on 6 September 1884 .
Notes
References
Artists from Bremen
German women painters
German women poets
1811 births
1884 deaths
The bristle-nosed barbet ( Gymnobucco peli ) is a bird species in the family Lybiidae . It used to be placed in the family Bucconidae ( puffbirds ) , which has been split up ; alternatively , it may be included in a vastly expanded Ramphastidae ( toucans ) .
Its range covers areas near the Gulf of Guinea ( on either side of the Dahomey Gap ) , from eastern Sierra Leone to far northwestern Angola .
References
External links
Image at the Internet Bird Collection
bristle-nosed barbet
Birds of the African tropical rainforest
bristle-nosed barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bandar Baru UDA is a suburb in Johor Bahru , Johor , Malaysia . It mainly consists of four phases where these townships have developed well and strategically located in the middle of Johor Bahru Town and transportation . The main population of this town is Malay .
Most of those staying at the terrace houses are professionals and higher middle class Malays . However , there are small portion of rich people living in the bungalows areas , as well lower middle class population staying in the flats .
Education
It has two primary schools ( Sekolah Kebangsaan Bandar Uda ( 2 ) and Sekolah Kebangsaan Kompleks Uda ) as well as a secondary school , Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Bandar Baru UDA .
Transportation
The suburb is accessible by Causeway Link ( 1B , 5B , 51B ) from Johor Bahru Sentral railway station .
See also
Bandar Baru UDA Jamek Mosque
References
Johor Bahru housing estates
Townships in Johor
Syn or SYN may refer to :
In arts and entertainment
In music
The Syn , a band
Synyster Gates , lead guitarist of the band Avenged Sevenfold
Fictional characters
Doctor Syn , in novels by Russell Thorndike
Other uses in arts and entertainment
SYN Media , a youth media organization based in Melbourne , Australia
In science and technology
Syn addition , in organic chemistry
Syn conformation in alkane stereochemistry
Synonym ( taxonomy ) , a system of accepted alternative names for species
SYN ( TCP ) , synchronise packet in transmission control protocol ( TCP )
Synchronous idle ( ␖ ) , one of the C0 and C1 control codes
SYN ( OSC ) , a standardized namespace within Open Sound Control
Other uses
Syn ( goddess ) , in Norse mythology
Coalition of Left , of Movements and Ecology ( Synaspismós , abbreviated SYN or ΣΥΝ ) , a Greek political party
Neptis vikasi , the dingy sailer , is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Asia , from north-eastern India to Burma and northern Indochina .
References
vikasi
Butterflies of Indochina
Mount Razorback ( ) is a craggy mountain rising to about 1,600 m east of Staten Island Heights in the Convoy Ridge , Victoria Land . The descriptive name was applied by the 1957 New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition , 1956–58 .
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Laanecoorie is a locality situated on the Loddon River in Victoria , Australia . It has a community hall , church , and caravan park . Before the town was established the land was part of a station known as Languycoorie , but the name had various spellings including Lannie-e-coora and others which were used in the newspapers and Government Gazettes of the 1850 's when referring to the station .
Laanecoorie is situated on land once part of the huge Simson station Charlotte Plains which was taken up in 1840 by Donald Campbell Simson ( 1809-1851 ) , a Scot from Islay in Scotland 's Inner Hebrides . The town is named after one of three subdivisions of the station which were created in 1851 after Simson 's death . In June , 1840 , Simson entered a partnership with William Hampden Dutton , an agricultural scientist and pastoralist and James Monckton Darlot , an overlander and explorer . Together they were responsible for the beginnings of Charlotte Plains . By the year 's end the partnership failed because of Dutton 's bankruptcy , and Simson then had the station alone . They were at various times assisted in running it by their two brothers , John ( 1798/9-1848 ) and Hector Norman ( 1819-1880 ) , who did not , as has for many years been claimed in many newspaper articles , book and pamphlets written on the subject , participate in founding the station . In mid-1840 both were employed in Sydney . The original partners took Fourteen Mile Creek station and at the same time Simson alone took over Cairn Curran from Dutton 's associate , the Melbourne business person Frederick Manton . They then also leased 180,405 acres at Cairn Curran 's west . In this complex process of acceding and ceding stations it was the land last referred to which would become Charlotte Plains , but it remained unnamed until 1845 . In June , 1841 , the leases of Cairn Curran and Charlotte Plains were officially sold to Simson 's brother Hector Simson , usually known as Norman , and although it was held de facto by them Donald Simson was still running the two stations . The lease of Cairn Curran was taken over by Frederick Langdon and George Ward Cole In November 1841 , and some time after it was unofficially occupied by Edmund Bryant when they relocated to Port Phillip from Van Diemen 's Land with their family . Norman Simson married Bryant 's daughter , Jane , in 1850 after ha had taken up their own station , Sutton Grange , north of Mount Alexander , in 1849 . On Donald 's death Norman took over the management of Charlotte Plains and it was divided in three . Two sections took the names Languycoorie and Janevale , and the third retained the original name , Charlotte Plains . With an excellent stock capacity and profitable wool production , Charlotte Plains was one of the Port Phillip colony 's most important sheep station in the 1840s , but it went into decline after Simson 's death in 1851 and in the 1860s and 1870s their two surviving sons exploited it until they had sold off its last lands by 1884 .
Gold was discovered around Laanecoorie at Jones Creek in 1853 and later on at Poseidon in 1906 . The first farms were selected by the Lyon brothers , the Stone brothers and William Anderson in 1857 . They and several other selectors were the township 's foundational fathers and were responsible for establishing churches and the first school . The latter undertaking would never have been completed as it was without the informed leadership and persistently lobbying of the education authorities by Thomas Langdon ( 1832-1914 ) . Langdon was politically active in various rural areas of Victorian and was always involved in local community affairs , in particular matters of education and agriculture . They were the President of Marong Shire 1877-9 , and as a member of the Legislative Assembly represented Avoca from 1880 to 1889 and Korong from 1892 to 1914 .
The first bridge over the Loddon River was built in 1870 , but was destroyed in the big flood of 1909 when the Laanecoorie Weir was breached . The weir had been constructed in 1891 and was the second irrigation scheme for Victoria . The well-known engineer and World War I general , Sir John Monash , designed and built a new bridge of reinforced concrete beam and slab construction and it still stands today .
References
Towns in Victoria ( Australia )
Towns in Loddon Campaspe
Shire of Loddon
Lacroix Glacier ( ) is a glacier between Suess Glacier and Matterhorn Glacier , which flows southeast into Taylor Valley in Victoria Land , Antarctica . It was mapped by the British Antarctic Expedition , 1910–13 , under Robert Falcon Scott , and named after Alfred Lacroix , as was Mount Lacroix .
References
Glaciers of McMurdo Dry Valleys
Porichthyinae is a subfamily of toadfish in the family Batrachoididae . They are found in the eastern Pacific Ocean and western Atlantic from Canada to Argentina . The species of this subfamily have no venom glands or subopercular spines , they have canine like teeth and two solid spines in the dorsal fin .
Genera
There are two genera in the Porichthyinae :
Aphos Hubbs & Schultz , 1939
Porichthys Girard , 1854
References
Batrachoididae
Kathleen Jessie Hawkins ( 17 November 1883 – 31 August 1981 ) was a Tauranga , New Zealand , poet affectionately known as `` The Pioneer Poet '' . Well known in Tauranga , their best-known volume The Elms and Other Verses ran into several editions or reprints covering historical pioneer subjects . Hawkins was specially interested in the first missionaries who came to Tauranga , and in the Land Wars with their loss of life on both sides .
Life
Hawkins ( an only child ) was born in Tewkesbury , England , in 1883 . The River Avon flowed through the bottom of their garden .
They grew up and was educated in England , and later married a tea and rubber plantation manager in Ceylon : George Hawkins . The two corresponded after George read one of Kathleen 's poems and their correspondence soon blossomed into romance .
Hawkins left England to live with George in Ceylon , where they were married two years after their correspondence began . They lived on the plantation for 20 years and mixed with the Ceylonese . They later recalled this time as a happy and colourful period in their life . They had few problems communicating despite only knowing English and said relations between Europeans and Ceylonese were friendly .
The couple had two children : George Hawkins and Mary Gilmer ( née Hawkins ) .
In 1938 , the couple retired to Tauranga in New Zealand . George made the lifestyle change away from the heat to a colder climate for health reasons .
They lived in Tauranga for the remainder of their life , some 43 years . George died in 1953 at the age of 79 . In Tauranga they established themselves as a well known personality with interests in the theatre , writing and the arts . They were a member of The Elms Society .
Kathleen died in 1981 at the age of 97 . A note on them appeared in the Bay of Plenty Times . The NZ Biographies Index at the National Library of New Zealand also notes Hawkins .
Literary output
Hawkins wrote verse from an early age . With their cousins , they produced private magazines and illustrated and published their early poetry in them .
As a young woman , they continued publishing poems . During their life , Hawkins never used their poetry for personal gain . Each publication of their work was for a particular charity such as the New Zealand Crippled Children 's Society or ( during World War II ) the airplane fund and the prisoners ' parcels fund .
The full list of their publications is not known , and New Zealand libraries hold only 4 titles by them Published between 1939 and 1974 , they are : The Elms and Other Verses ( 1939 , 1940 , 1943 , 1943 4th edition ) ; The Pup and other Poems for Parcels ( c.1942 ) ; The Little Blue Horse and Other Verses ( 1950 ) ; and The Elms & Other Poems : A Selection of Writings by Tauranga 's Pioneer Poet ( 1974 ) .
Bagnall describes The Pup as ‘ Patriotic verses based on wartime incidents ' .
In the 1974 edition of The Elms & Other Poems , the list of ‘ Other Publications ' shows a further three titles by Hawkins : The Wind in the Rafters , Songs to Buy Wines and Three Flowers for Christmas .
Them children printed The Elms & Other Poems as Hawkins 's 91st birthday present . Its centerpiece was believed to be the first illustrated poem of the author at 15 years .
New Zealand poet William E. Morris ( Founder Fellow of the International Poetry Society ) wrote the foreword to the 1974 edition of The Elms . Morris praised ‘ her tremendous ability as a poet ' and noted further that : ‘ Tauranga , and New Zealand , can now savour the best of their work . . . Them poems will have carved a niche for themselves in the literature of this country for in their lifetime they have written the poetry of today , simple , direct , but always saying something worthwhile . '
Them poetry is also included and noted in historical publications such as Stanley Bull 's Historic Gate Pa , 29th April , 1864 : Pukehinahina ( 1968 ) and The Historic Bay of Plenty : Te Papa C.M.S . Mission Station , 1838-1883 ( 1984 ) or the journal article ‘ Wharekahu CMS Mission Station , Maketu ' by A. H. Matheson in the Whakatane & District Historical Society journal Historical Review , May 2003 ; vol.51 no.1 : p. 18-29 . Other poems of theirs also appeared in this journal .
In 2007 , Hawkins had a poem included by the New Zealand poet and anthologist Harvey McQueen in The Earth 's Deep Breathing : Garden Poems by New Zealand Poets .
References
External links
Historical Review : Whakatane & District Historical Society journal http : //www.whakatanehistorical.org.nz/Journal % 20Index.htm
Tauranga City Libraries http : //www.library.tauranga.govt.nz/
National Library of New Zealand catalogue http : //nlnzcat.natlib.govt.nz/
Poetry Archive of New Zealand Aotearoa Catalogue http : //poetryarchivenz.wordpress.com/archive-catalogue/
1883 births
1981 deaths
New Zealand women poets
People from Tewkesbury
People of British Ceylon
20th-century New Zealand poets
20th-century New Zealand women writers
The Kaladan River ( , ; also Kysapnadi , Beino , Bawinu and Kolodyne ) is a river in eastern Mizoram State of India , and in Chin State and Rakhine State of western Myanmar . The Kaladan River is called the Chhimtuipui River in India . It forms the international border between India and Burma between 22° 47′ 10 '' N ( where its tributary , the Tiau River , joins it ) and 22° 11′ 06 '' N .
History
Kaladan was an entry point to Mizoram from the seaport of Sittwe in 1904 . Kaladan is Mizoram 's largest river and it flows through its southeastern region .
Geography
The river arises in central Chin State as the Timit , , and flows south and is soon joined by the Chal , after which it is known as the Boinu River . It continues south until just before it is joined by the Twe River at 22° 08′ 40″ N 93° 34′ 30″ E , when it swings west . It continues west until 22° 05′ 20″ N 93° 14′ 12″ E , when it heads northwest . At 22° 11′ 06″ N 93° 09′ 29″ E , below Mount Phabipa , it turns north and becomes the international border between India and Myanmar . It flows north to 22° 47′ 09″ N 93° 05′ 47″ E , where the international border continues north along the Tyao River , and the Boinu heads northwest into Mizoram State , at which point it is known as the Kaladan .
At 22° 56′ 21″ N 92° 58′ 55″ E it reaches its northernmost point , and turns south west , is joined by the Tuichong River from the right and then heads south . The Kaladan is joined from the right by the Mat River at 22° 43′ 39″ N , 92° 54′ 46″ E. It continues south and is joined by the Kawrthingdeng River from the right . It again enters Chin State , at Raithaw Ferry , 22° 03′ 40″ N 92° 51′ 05″ E , just northwest of Khenkhar . The Mi River joins from the left at 21° 06′ 56″ N 92° 57′ 42″ E. At Ngame the river enters the Rakhine State of Myanmar and continues south to Sittwe where it enters the Bay of Bengal .
Development
At present , the Kaladan is the fifth largest river in the world that is completely unfragmented by dams anywhere in its catchment , behind only the Fly , Mamberamo and Sepik in New Guinea and the Pechora in Russia . Nonetheless , the governments of India and Myanmar are working on a US $ 500 million , Kaladan Multi-Modal Transit Transport Project that will facilitate trade between the two nations . The project includes the construction of the US $ 120 million deepwater Sittwe Port at the mouth of the river , dredging of the Kaladan River to enable cargo vessels to navigate the river from Sittwe to Mizoram , the construction of a river port at Paletwa , as well as the widening and upgrade of highways between Paletwa and Myeikwa on the Indo-Myanmar border . India undertook the development of the 158 km river boat route from Sittwe seaport to the Inland Water Terminal ( IWT ) and hydropower project at Paletwa jetty via the Kaladan River in Myanmar . River dredging and a jetty upgrade were completed in June 2017 . There is at least one river lock for navigation . The project will open up not only Mizoram but all of India 's northeastern states as hinterland for the Sittwe Port . Construction for the port started in 2010 and is expected to be completed by mid-2020 .
Development of the river is also being negotiated with the Shwe Gas Project for economic enhancement
See also
Kaladan Multi-Modal Transit Transport Project
East-West Industrial Corridor Highway , Arunachal Pradesh
Arunachal Border Highway
Asian Highway Network
India-Myanmar-Thailand Friendship Highway
References
External links
`` Boinu Hydroelectric Project ( 640 MW ) '' , Ministry of Power , Government of India
Kaladan.com - news covering Indo-Myanmar Kaladan project
Rivers of Myanmar
Rivers of Mizoram
International rivers of Asia
India–Myanmar border
Bay of Bengal
Rakhine State
Sittwe
Rivers of India
Ron Robinson ( born 1 January 1956 in San Francisco , California ) is a former slotback and wide receiver who played six seasons in the Canadian Football League , mainly for the Montreal Concordes . They were a part of the BC Lions 1985 Grey Cup victory . Robinson played college football at Utah State University .
References
1956 births
Utah State Aggies football players
Calgary Stampeders players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Montreal Concordes players
BC Lions players
Canadian football slotbacks
Canadian football wide receivers
American players of Canadian football
Living people
The year 2020 is the 28th year in the history of the K-1 , an international kickboxing event . The year started with K-1 : K'Festa 3 .
List of events
K-1 : K'Festa 3
K-1 : K'Festa 3 was a kickboxing event held by K-1 on March 22 , 2020 at the Saitama Super Arena in Saitama , Japan .
Background
The K'Festa 3 event took place on March 22 , 2020 in the Saitama Super Arena . The card was scheduled to have an eight-man Super Welterweight tournament , featuring : Hiromi Wajima , Avatar Tor Morsi , Yasuhiro Kido , Minoru Kimura , Kaito , Eder Lopes , Katsuya Jinbo and Milan Pales .
Three title defense took place : Yuta Kubo defended the Welterweight title against Jordann Pikeur , Rukiya Anpo defended the Super Lightweight title against Fukashi , and Sina Karimian defended the Cruiserweight title against Ryo Aitaka .
K-1 World GP 2020 -70kg Japan Tournament bracket
{ { 8TeamBracket-NoSeeds
| RD1=Quarter-Finals|RD2=Semi-Finals| RD3=Final
| team-width=150
| score-width=20
| RD1-team1= Minoru Kimura
| RD1-score1=KO
| RD1-team2= Kaito
| RD1-score2=1r .
| RD1-team3= Eder Lopes| RD1-score3=KO| RD1-team4= Katsuya Jinbo
| RD1-score4=2r .
| RD1-team5= Milan Pales
| RD1-score5=2r .
| RD1-team6= Yasuhiro Kido| RD1-score6=KO| RD1-team7= Avatar Tor Morsi
| RD1-score7=3r .
| RD1-team8= Hiromi Wajima
| RD1-score8=KO
| RD2-team1= Minoru Kimura
| RD2-score1=KO
| RD2-team2= Eder Lopes
| RD2-score2=1r .
| RD2-team3= Yasuhiro Kido
| RD2-score3=3r .
| RD2-team4= Hiromi Wajima
| RD2-score4=UD
| RD3-team1= Minoru Kimura
| RD3-score1=TKO
| RD3-team2= Hiromi Wajima
| RD3-score2=1r .
} }
Results
K-1 World GP 2020 in OsakaK-1 World GP 2020 in Osaka will be a kickboxing event held by K-1 on September 22 , 2020 at the Edion Arena in Osaka , Japan .
Background
The card featured one title defense , as Rukiya Anpo defended the Super Lightweight title against Hideaki Yamazaki .
Fight Card
K-1 World GP 2020 in FukuokaK-1 World GP 2020 in Fukuoka was a kickboxing event held by K-1 on November 3 , 2020 at the Fukuoka International Center in Fukuoka , Japan .
Background
The event had a limited audience , with prices for seats moving from 100,000円 ( ~ $ 948 ) to 10,000円 ( ~ $ 95 ) . It was supposed to feature a title defense , as Leona Pettas should have challenged Takeru Segawa for their Super Featherweight title but Takeru suffered an injury to their left hand .
Fight Card
K-1 World GP 2020 Winter 's Crucial BoutK-1 World GP 2020 Winter 's Crucial Bout '' ' was a kickboxing event held by K-1 on December 13 , 2020 at the Ryōgoku Kokugikan in Tokyo , Japan .
Background
The current Super Welterweight champion Minoru Kimura fought the HEAT Kick Middleweight champion Abiral Ghimire , who was on a five fight winning streak in HEAT . Furthermore , the current Krush 65 kg champion Daizo Sasaki fought Tetsuya Yamato , Fumiya Osawa fought Shuji Kawarada , Yasuto Gunji was expected to fight Yusho Kamemoto , Kouki Sasaki was set to face Rimei Takeshi . Omi Wajima was scheduled to fight Yuhei Fujioka .
Former K-1 Super Featherweight champion Hirotaka Urabe was scheduled to fight Kizaemon Saiga . The fight was contested at Super Featherweight . Former RISE Lightweight and REBELS Super Lightweight champion Fukashi Mizutani was expected to face Hayato Suzuki at Super Lightweight . Hiromi Wajima fought Yuhei Fujioka .
Fight Card
See also
2020 in Glory
2020 in Kunlun Fight
2020 in ONE Championship
2020 in Romanian kickboxing
2020 in Wu Lin Feng
References
External links
Official website
2020 sport-related lists
K-1 events
2020 in kickboxing
2020 in Japanese sport
Alpagut is a village in the District of Kazan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
This is a list of notable commercial banks in Kenya
Licensed commercial banks
ABC Bank ( Kenya )
Absa Bank Kenya
Access Bank Kenya
Bank of Africa
Bank of Baroda
Bank of India
Citibank
Consolidated Bank of Kenya
Cooperative Bank of Kenya
Credit Bank
Development Bank of Kenya
Diamond Trust Bank
Dubai Islamic Bank
Ecobank Kenya
Equity Bank Kenya
Family Bank
First Community Bank
Guaranty Trust Bank Kenya
Guardian Bank
Gulf African Bank
Habib Bank AG Zurich
Housing Finance Company of Kenya
I & M Bank
Imperial Bank Kenya ( In receivership )
Kingdom Bank Limited
Kenya Commercial Bank
Mayfair Bank
Middle East Bank Kenya
M Oriental Bank
National Bank of Kenya
NCBA Bank Kenya
Paramount Universal Bank
Prime Bank ( Kenya )
SBM Bank Kenya
Sidian Bank
Spire Bank
Stanbic Holdings Plc
Standard Chartered Kenya
United Bank for Africa
Victoria Commercial Bank
Representative offices of foreign banks
HDFC Bank
Nedbank
FirstRand Bank
Bank of China
JP Morgan Chase
Bank of Kigali
Bank AL Habib
Banque Misr
See also
List of banks in Africa
Central Bank of Kenya
Economy of Kenya
References
External links
CBK Revokes Chase Bank Licence , Kick-Starts Winding Up As of 21 April 2021 .
Kenya : CBK Cancels Licence for Indian Bank 's Kenya Office
Central Bank of Kenya Names Liquidator for Dubai Bank - 24 August 2015
Website of Central Bank of Kenya
Banks
Kenya
Kenya
Glebe is a rural locality in the Shire of Banana , Queensland , Australia . In the Glebe had a population of 24 people .
Geography
The locality is bounded to the north-west by the Dawson River . The Glebe Weir ( ) impounds the river to the south-west .
The predominant land use is grazing on native vegetation . There is a small amount of crop growing in the north-west of the locality near the Dawson River with irrigated crops near the weir .
History
In the Glebe had a population of 24 people .
Heritage listings
Glebe has a number of heritage-listed sites , including :
Taroom-Cracow Road : The Glebe Homestead
References
External links
Shire of Banana
Localities in Queensland
Re or RE may refer to :
Arts , entertainment and media
Music
Albums
Re ( Café Tacuba album )
Re ( Les Rita Mitsouko album )
Re . ( Aya Ueto album )
Re : ( Kard EP )
Other uses in music
Re , the second syllable of the scale in solfège
Re , or D ( musical note ) , the second note of the musical scale in fixed do solfège
Re : ( band ) , a musical duo based in Canada and the United States
Other media
Resident Evil , popular video game franchise of survival horror
... Re ( film ) , a 2016 Indian Kannada-language film
Language
re ( interjection ) , in Greek
Re ( kana ) , the Japanese syllables written れ and レ
In re , Latin for 'in the matter of ... '
RE : and Re : , used in email subject lines
Places
Réunion ( ISO 3166-1 code ) , a French overseas department and island in the Indian Ocean
Re , Norway , a former municipality in Vestfold county , Norway
Re , Vestland , a village in Gloppen municipality , Vestland county , Norway
Re , Piedmont , an Italian municipality
Île de Ré , an island off the west coast of France
Le Bois-Plage-en-Ré , a commune on that island
Re di Anfo , a torrent ( seasonal stream ) in Italy
Re di Gianico , Re di Niardo , Re di Sellero , and Re di Tredenus , torrents in the Val Camonica
People
Giovanni Battista Re , Italian cardinal
Cayetano Ré , former Paraguayan footballer
Political parties
Renew Europe , a political group in the European Parliament
Renovación Española , a former Spanish monarchist political party
Science , technology and mathematics
Computer science and mathematics
RE ( complexity ) ( recursively enumerable ) , a complexity class of decision problems
r.e. , a common abbreviation for the older term Recursively enumerable
Regular expression , a sequence of characters to match text against a specified pattern
Re function in mathematics , where Re ( z ) denotes the real part of a complex number z
Other uses in science and technology
Effective reproduction number , in epidemiology
Relative effectiveness , or RE factor , an expression of an explosive 's demolition power
Renewable energy
Reverse engineering
Reynolds number , a dimensionless quantity in fluid mechanics used to help predict flow patterns
Rhenium , symbol Re , a chemical element
Other uses
Religious education ( RE ) , the study of religion
Re ( Egyptian religion ) , an ancient Egyptian god also known as Ra
Regional-Express , a type of regional train in Germany , Luxembourg and Austria
Royal Engineers , a part of the British Army
Royal Society of Painter-Printmakers , whose fellows may use the Post-nominal letters RE
See also
Il re , Italian-language opera
Rhee ( disambiguation )
Ree ( disambiguation )
Res ( disambiguation )
The endoplasmic reticulum membrane protein complex ( EMC ) is a putative endoplasmic reticulum-resident membrane protein ( co- ) chaperone . The EMC is evolutionarily conserved in eukaryotes ( animals , plants , and fungi ) , and its initial appearance might reach back to the last eukaryotic common ancestor ( LECA ) . Many aspects of mEMC biology and molecular function remain to be studied .
Composition and structure
The EMC consists of up to 10 subunits ( EMC1 - EMC4 , MMGT1 , EMC6 - EMC10 ) , of which only two ( EMC8/9 ) are homologous proteins . Seven out of ten ( EMC1 , EMC3 , EMC4 , MMMGT1 , EMC6 , EMC7 , EMC10 ) subunts are predicted to contain at least one transmembrane domain ( TMD ) , whereas EMC2 , EMC8 and EMC9 do not contain any predicted transmembrane domains are herefore likely to interact with the rest of the EMC on the cytosolic face of the endoplasmic reticulum ( ER ) . EMC proteins are thought to be present in the mature complex in a 1:1 stoichiometry .
Subunit primary structure
The majority of EMC proteins ( EMC1/3/4/MMGT1/6/7/10 ) contain at least one predicted TMD . EMC1 , EMC7 and EMC10 contain an N-terminal signal sequence .
EMC1
EMC1 , also known as KIAA0090 , contains a single TMD ( aa 959-979 ) and Pyrroloquinoline quinone ( PQQ ) -like repeats ( aa 21-252 ) , which could form a β-propeller domain . The TMD is part of a domain a larger domain ( DUF1620 ) . The functions of the PQQ and DUF1620 domains in EMC1 remain to be determined .
EMC2
EMC2 ( TTC35 ) harbours three tetratricopeptide repeats ( TPR1/2/3 ) . TPRs have been shown to mediate protein-protein interactions and can be found in a large variety of proteins of diverse function . The function of TPRs in EMC2 is unknown .
EMC8 and EMC9
EMC8 and EMC9 show marked sequence identity ( 44.72 % ) on the amino acid level . Both proteins are members of the UPF0172 family , a member of which ( e.g . TLA1 ) are involved in regulating the antenna size of chlorophyll-a .
Posttranslational modifications
Several subunits of the mammalian EMC ( mEMC ) are posttranslationally modified . EMC1 contains three predicted N-glcosylation sites at positions 370 , 818 , and 913 . EMC10 features a predicted N-glycosylation consensus motif at position 182 .
Evolutionary conservation
EMC proteins are evolutionarily conserved in eukaryotes . No homologues are reported in prokaryotes . Therefore , the EMC has been suggested to have its evolutionary roots in the last eukaryote common ancestor ( LECA ) .
Function
Protein folding and degradation at the ER
The EMC was first identified in a genetic screen in yeast for factors involved in protein folding in the ER . Accordingly , deletion of individual EMC subunits correlates with the induction of an ER stress response in various model organisms . However , it is worth noting that in human osteosarcoma cells ( U2OS cells ) , deletion of EMC6 does not appear to cause ER stress . When overexpressed , several subunits of the mammalian EMC orthologue ( mEMC ) have been found to physically interact with ERAD components ( UBAC2 , DER1 , DER2 ) Genetic screens in yeast have shown EMC subunits to be enriched in alongside ERAD genes . Taken together , these findings imply a role of the mEMC in protein homeostasis .
Chaperone
Maturation of polytopic membrane proteins
Several lines of evidence implicate the EMC in promoting the maturation of polytopic membrane proteins . The EMC is necessary to correctly and efficiently insert the first transmembrane domain ( also called the signal anchor ) of G-protein coupled receptors ( GPCRs ) such as the beta-adrenergic receptor . Determining features of transmembrane domains that favour EMC involvement seem to be moderate hydrophobicity and ambiguous distribution of TMD flanking charges .
The substrate spectrum of the EMC appears to extend beyond GPCRs . Unifying properties of putative EMC clients are the presence of unusually hydrophilic transmembrane domains containing charged residues . However , mechanistic detail of how the EMC assists in orienting and inserting such problematic transmembrane domains is lacking . In many cases , evidence implicating the EMC in the biogenesis of a certain protein consists of co-depletion when individual subunts of the EMC are disrupted .
A number of putative EMC clients are listed below , but the manner in which the EMC engages them and whether they directly or indirectly depend on the EMC merits further investigation :
Loss of EMC function destabilises the enzyme sterol-O-acyltransferase 1 ( SOAT1 ) and , in conjunction with overlooking the biogenesis of squalene synthase ( SQS ) , helps to maintain cellular cholesterol homeostasis . SOAT1 is an obligatory enzyme for cellular cholesterol storage and detoxification . For SQS , an enzyme controlling the committing step in cholesterol biosynthesis , the EMC has been shown to be sufficient for its integration into liposomes in vitro .
Depletion of EMC6 and additional EMC proteins reduces the cell surface expression of the nicotinic Acetylcholine receptors in C. elegans .
Knockdown of EMC2 has been observed to correlate with decreased CFTRΔF508 levels . EMC2 contains three tetratricopeptide repeat domains ( TRPs ) . TRPs have been shown to mediate protein-protein interaction and can be found in co-chaperones of Hsp90 . Therefore , a role of EMC2 in mediating interactions with cytosolic chaperones is conceivable , but remains to be demonstrated .
Loss of EMC subunits in D. melanogaster correlates with strongly reduced cell surface expression of rhodopsin-1 ( Rh1 ) , an important polytopic light receptor in the plasma membrane .
In yeast , the EMC has been implicated in maturation or trafficking defects of the polytopic model substrate Mrh1p-GFP .
Insertion proteins into the ER
The EMC was shown to be involved in a pathway mediating the membrane integration of tail-anchored proteins containing an unusually hydrophilic or amphiphatic transmembrane domains . This pathway appears to operate in parallel to the conventional Get/Trc40 targeting pathway .
Other suggested functions
Mitochondrial tethering
In S. cerevisiae , the EMC has been reported by Lahiri and colleagues to constitute a tethering complex between the ER and mitochondria . Close apposition of both organelles is a prerequisite for phosphatidylcholine ( PS ) biosyntheis in which phosphatidylserine ( PS ) is imported from the ER into mitochondria , and this was previously proposed as evidence for a membrane tether between these two organelles by Jean Vance . Disruption of the EMC by genetic deletion of multiple of its subunits was shown to reduce ER-mitochondrial tethering and to impair transfer of phosphatidylserine ( PS ) from the ER .
Autophagosome formation
EMC6 interacts with the small GTPase RAB5A and BECLIN-1 , regulators of autophagosome formation . This observation suggests that the mEMC , and not just EMC6 , might be involved in regulating Rab5A and BECLIN-1 . However , the molecular mechanism underlying the proposed modulation of autophagosome formation remains to be established .
Involvement in disease
The mEMC has repeatedly been implicated in a range of pathologies including susceptibility of cells to viral infection , cancer , and a congenital syndrome of severe physical and mental disability . None of these pathologies seem to be related by disruption of a single molecular pathway that might be regulated by the mEMC . Consequently , the involvement of the mEMC in these pathologies has only limited use for defining the primary function of this complex .
As a host factor in viral infections
Large-scale genetic screens imply several mEMC subunits in modulating the pathogenicity of flaviviruses such as West Nile virus ( WNV ) , Zika virus ( ZV ) , Dengue fever virus ( DFV ) , and yellow fever virus ( YFV ) . In particular , loss of several mEMC subunits ( e.g . EMC2 , EMC3 ) lead to inhibition of WNV-induced cell death . however , WNV was still able to infect and proliferate in cells lacking EMC subunits . The authors made a similar observation of the role of the mEMC in the cell-killing capacity of Saint Louis Encephalitis Virus . The underlying cause for the resistance of EMC2/3-deficient cells to WNV-induced cytotoxicity remains elusive .
Cancer
Dysregulation of individual mEMC subunits correlates with the severity of certain types of cancer . Expression of hHSS1 , a secreted splice variant of EMC10 ( HSM1 ) , reduces the proliferation and migration of glioma cell lines .
Overexpression of EMC6 has been found to reduce cell proliferation of glioblastoma cells in vitro and in vivo , whereas its RNAi-mediated depletion has the opposite effect . This indicates that the mEMC assumes ( an ) important function ( s ) in cancerous cells to establish a malignant tumour .
Pathologies
Mutations in the EMC1 gene have been associated with retinal dystrophy and a severe systemic disease phenotype involving developmental delay , cerebellar atrophy , scoliosis and hypotonia .
Similarly , a homozygous missense mutation ( c.430G > A , p.Ala144Thr ) within the EMC1 gene has been correlated with the development of retinal dystrophy .
Even though a set of disease-causing mutations in EMC1 has been mapped , their effect on EMC1 function and structure remain to be studied .
References
Proteins
Rory Garton-Smith , better known by their stage name Elk Road , is an Australian musician and record producer from Perth . They began remixing tracks from Carmada , Kaskade , Britney Spears and Charli XCX which were uploaded to their SoundCloud account . Their debut single `` Not to Worry '' was released in September 2015 and received high rotation on Triple J . Additional remixes were released in March 2016 . Their Charli XCX remix of Boom Clap was then used by them during their 2016 arena world tour .
In 2015 , Elk Road spoke at the EMC conference on a Copyright Law panel in Sydney .
In 2016 , Natalie Foster was featured on the track `` Hanging by a Thread '' which was later featured in the Triple J Hottest 100 , 2016 as one of only three Western Australian tracks to make it in . It was the most played song on Triple J in the month of October 2016 . `` Hanging by a Thread '' was issued as a single with remix versions : Original , Husky , Just a Gent and Flowidus ; it peaked at No . 22 on the ARIA Club Tracks chart .
Elk Road has performed at Splendour in the Grass and has been nominated for Most Popular New Act at the West Australian Music Industry Awards .
Their Triple J Like a Version of Flight Facilities song `` Crave You '' was one of the most viewed of 2016 with 2 million streams across YouTube and Facebook .
Their track Lights was featured in an Australian Carlton Dry commercial that was broadcast over YouTube and Facebook .
In February 2017 , Elk Road joined Porter Robinson and Madeon on the Australian dates of their Shelter Live Tour .
Elk Road is represented by Audiopaxx , William Morris Endeavor and Paradigm Talent Agency .
Discography
Singles
References
External links
21st-century Australian musicians
Australian electronic musicians
Living people
Sony Music Australia artists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The West End Gang ( ) is a Canadian organized crime group . Active since the early 1900s and still active today , the gang one of Canada 's most influential organized crime groups . The West End Gang 's criminal activities are focused on , but not restricted to , the west side of Montreal , Quebec , and most of the group 's earnings in the early days were derived from truck hijackings , home invasions , kidnapping , protection rackets , drug trafficking , extortion , and armed robbery .
History
The gang , which originated in the early 20th century , was known at first as the Irish Gang , and the name West End Gang seems to have been adopted in the late 1970s . A disproportionate number of the gang 's members come from the mostly Irish-Canadian Pointe-Saint-Charles district of Montreal .
From the 1950s to the 1970s , Montreal was known as the `` Bank Robbery capital of North America '' as Montreal had more bank robberies than any other city in North America . The journalist D'Arcy O'Connor used as an example that in the six months between January-June 1969 , Montreal had 51 bank robberies with only a quarter with the thieves being arrested , while the city of Los Angeles had 36 bank robberies in the period January-June 1969 with 60 % of the thieves being arrested . Accordingly to the Federal Bureau of Investigation , Los Angeles was the American city with the highest number of bank robberies in 1969 . The West End Gang were some of the most successful bank robbers in Montreal in this period . Montreal 's status as the `` Bank Robbery capital of North America '' was largely due to the light sentences handed by Quebec courts , which normally gave only 5 years in prison for convicted thieves as compared to the 20 years in prison normally handed down by American courts , which allowed the gangs of Montreal to build up a cadre of experienced thieves . The largest bank robbery ever in Canadian history adjusted for inflation , namely the theft of some $ 20 , 000 in cash from the vault of the Brockville Trust & Saving Company in Brockville on 4 May 1958 was a joint operation of the West End Gang and the Cotroni family . Commander André Bouchard of the Montreal police stated about the West End Gang that they : `` ... were n't thugs selling drugs on the street like the French and the Italians ... They had the best safecrackers and the best hijackers . Some of those guys were sixteen years old and today they 're still at it '' .
Typical of the West End Gang members were William `` Billy '' Morgan who was born in poverty to Irish-Canadian parents in Montreal in 1935 and grew up in a broken home , leading them to boast in a 2008 interview : `` I was a thief by the age of seven '' . Being being placed `` in care '' in various foster homes , Morgan joined the West End Gang as a teenager and boasted : `` Back then , I could open any lock or crack any safe and I did a lot of that . I had a knack for it '' .
In the 1960s , West End Gang hitman Richard Blass was involved in minor fights with many Mafiosi , particularly those related to Frank Cotroni and brothers Joe and Vincenzo Di Maulo , all of whom received death threats from Blass . In the 1970s , the gang took control of the Port of Montreal , which allowed them to import drugs .
Several of the West End Gang robberies lead to deaths . In an attempted robber of a branch of the Bank of Montreal on the Beaver Hall Hill on 30 April 1971 led to a shoot-out with Raymond Lynch of the West End Gang being shot dead by the bank security guards together with an innocent by-stander Corrado Festa who was killed when they were caught in the cross-fire . On 12 September 1973 , a group of West End Gang thieves led by William `` Billy '' MacAllister attempted to rob a Brinks armored car that again led to a shoot-out that led one of the Brinks guards , Claude Vienneau being shot and bleeding to death on the street as the robbers fled with some $ 278 , 000 in cash from the armored car . The most successful robbery committed by the West End Gang in Montreal was the theft of some $ 2 , 275 , 884 in cash together with golden Olympic coins worth $ 5 , 000 dollars from a Brinks armored car took on 30 March 1976 . In April 1976 , the Montreal police formed a special squad known as the `` Rubber Duck Squad '' led by detective André Savard whose solo task was to hunt down those involved in the Brinks robbery of 30 March 1976 . On 14 May 1976 , a West End Gang member involved in the Brinks robbery , John Slawvey , was killed in a shoot-out with Savard who was attempting to arrest them on charges of robbery . On the night after Slawvey 's killing , Savard was phoned by the lawyer Sidney Leithman who told him : `` There 's a lot of talk going and I think you should be careful , André . There 's a lot of people not happy and you can push only so much ... call this a warning if you want , but be careful and take care '' . Savard heard rumors that the West End Gang leader Frank Ryan had placed a $ 50 , 000 contract on their life , which caused to live under armed guard for some time afterwards .
The gang , which is dominated by – but not exclusively limited to – members of Irish descent , began to import hashish and cocaine and developed important contacts in the United States , South America and Europe with some members working out of Florida .
Since that time , the gang has formulated ties to the Montreal Mafia , the Cosa Nostra , the Hells Angels , and Colombian cartels . The three Montreal organizations ( West End Gang , Montreal Mafia , Hells Angels ) make up the `` Consortium '' ( similar to New York City 's `` Commission '' ) and , together , the three groups ' leaders fix the price of drugs for the wholesale and retail markets . The majority of the drugs smuggled through Montreal are ultimately retailed in the United States , with the small remainder being distributed across Canada . Police estimate that over a 15-year span from the late 1970s to the early 1990s , the gang trafficked more than 40 tons of cocaine and 300 tons of hashish , with an estimated street value of $ 150 billion . In 1997 , the federal government disbanded the National Ports Police as a cost-saving measure , which has greatly aided the work of the West End Gang .
Over the years many members have been murdered or convicted of murder , most notably the 1984 assassination of one time mob boss Frank `` Dunie '' Ryan . Subsequent revenge killings weeks later are believed to have been organized by replacement leader Allan `` The Weasel '' Ross . Under Ross ' leadership , the West End Gang formed a partnership with a Florida-based cell of the Cali Cartel , transporting kilograms of cocaine into Canada via Nashville , Tennessee . After Ross was convicted in 1992 , leadership of the West End Gang was assumed by Gerald `` Big Gerry '' Matticks .
In 2003 onetime gang associate Peter MacAllister wrote a novel called Dexter based on real stories from the gang .
In 2005 , a 300 kilogram shipment of a total 1,300 kilograms of cocaine , co-organized by Rizzuto crime family confidante , Francesco Del Balso and West End Gang member , Richard Griffin , was intercepted in Boucherville , Quebec by police . After Griffin invested $ 1.5 million in the purchase and transportation of the cocaine , they demanded $ 350,000 from the Rizzutos for not taking preventive measures in transporting the drugs . After arguments about the debts , Griffin was killed by gunfire outside their home in Notre-Dame-de-Grâce on July 12 , 2006 .
A key member of the gang in recent years was Shane Kenneth Maloney , known as `` Wheels '' as they are confided to a wheelchair . On 27 October 2011 , an officer with the Service de police de la Ville de Montréal on vacation in Playa del Carmen in Mexico saw two other officers of Service de police de la Ville de Montréal socializing with members of the West End Gang and the Montreal Hells Angels at the Blue Parrot nightclub . Unset with the apparent corruption , the officer used their cellphone to take pictures of the officers socializing with the gangsters at the Blue Perrot . Led by Maloney who noticed the police officer taking the photographs , the Hells Angels and the West End Gang members proceed to beat the police officer bloody , who required five hours of surgery in order to make their face resemble what it had been before the beating . The police officer noted that no-one in the management of the Blue Perrot made any attempt to call the police or stop the beating .
Maloney became a key member in the Wolfpack Alliance . On 1 November 2012 , Maloney was charged with trafficking in cocaine ; gangsterism ; and arms smuggling . The police searched Maloney 's house and found evidence linking to the theft of dynamite in Sainte-Sophie in August 2011 . Found inside of their house were hundreds of guns ; 1 , 475 sticks of dynamite ; two pounds of C-4 explosive and remote controls that could be used for bombs . In December 2013 , Maloney was convicted of assault for their role in the Blue Parrot incident of 2011 . In April 2017 , Maloney was found guilty of the charges relating to their weapons and explosive cache and sentenced to 10 years in prison . Maloney worked as a member of the Wolfpack , but transferred their loyalty towards helping the Sinaloa Cartel in smuggling cocaine direct into Ontaro .
Montreal police estimate that the West End Gang currently consists of approximately 125 to 150 members and associates . The group often collaborates with the Montreal Mafia and the Hells Angels in enormous drug shipments and remains one of the most powerful and profitable criminal organizations in the country .
References
Bibliography
Carasiti , Jeff ( 26 May 2011 ) . Organization Attributes Sheet : West End Gang . Matthew B. Ridgway Center for International Security Studies at the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public and International Affairs . Retrieved 4 Jun 2017 .
O'Connor , D'Arcy ( 21 Mar 21 2011 ) . Montreal 's Irish Mafia : The True Story of the Infamous West End Gang . John Wiley & Sons , Mississauga .
1900s establishments in Quebec
Organizations established in the 1900s
Organizations based in Montreal
Organized crime groups in Canada
Gangs in Montreal
Irish-Canadian culture in Montreal
Irish-Canadian organized crime
Irish Mob
Pedro Ballester may refer to :
Pedro Ballester , a village in the municipality Primero de Enero
Pedro Ballester ( baseball ) ( born 1924 ) , Cuban shortstop in the Negro leagues
Boulder County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado of the United States . As of the 2020 census , the population was 330,758 . The most populous municipality in the county and the county seat is Boulder .
Boulder County comprises the Boulder , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is included in the Denver–Aurora , CO Combined Statistical Area .
History
Boulder County was one of the original 17 counties created by the Territory of Colorado on November 1 , 1861 . The county was named for Boulder City and Boulder Creek , so named because of the abundance of boulders in the creek which hampered early gold prospecting efforts . Boulder County retains essentially the same borders as in 1861 , although a of its southeastern corner and its approximate population of 40,000 became part of the City and County of Broomfield in 2001 .
Before the arrival of the first US settlers , the area was occupied by Native Americans led by Chief Niwot on the plains and seasonally by Utes in the mountains to the west . The first European American settlers were gold prospectors led by Captain Thomas Aikins . Their group of about twenty settled at the mouth of Boulder Creek Canyon on October 17 , 1858 . Chief Niwot told them not to stay and it is said they promised to move into the mountains to prospect in the spring . However in February 1859 , they founded the town of Boulder . At about the same time , they also founded the first Gold Mining town in what would become Colorado , Gold Hill which is about 10 miles west from Boulder . Gold Hill was founded because of the placer gold discovered there . The area was the site of the first commercial scale placer mine in Colorado , producing over 5,500 ounces of gold in the first year of operations ( 1859 ) .
Recent events
In late December 2021 , the Marshall Fire raged through the parched lands near Boulder , Colorado . Marshall Fire is the most destructive in Colorado 's history . The fire impacted City of Superior , City of Louisville and unincorporated Boulder County areas . 991 homes were destroyed with an additional 127 damaged . Over 13,000 people in Superior and 21,000 in Louisville were ultimately evacuated while the fire was spreading due to unusual 100 mile per hour winds . Additionally , one person died and another is missing and presumed dead . The cause of the fire has not been officially announced , pending an investigation . However , an incident report filed by a ranger with Boulder Open Space and Mountain Parks identified two ignition points for the fire . The first ignition point was a shed that began to burn at approximately 11:30AM MST , 30 December 2021 . The second ignition point was upwind from the first , and started around noon of the same day on `` western side of the Marshall Mesa trailhead . ''
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.9 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Major Highways
U.S. Highway 36 ( Denver-Boulder Turnpike )
U.S. Highway 287
State Highway 7
State Highway 42
State Highway 52
State Highway 66
State Highway 72
State Highway 93
State Highway 119
State Highway 170
Northwest Parkway ( tollway )
National protected areas
Rocky Mountain National Park is in Boulder County , Larimer County , and Grand County . Longs Peak , the park 's highest summit at elevation , is located in Boulder County .
State protected area
Eldorado Canyon State Park
Scenic trails and byways
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Peak to Peak Scenic and Historic Byway
Historic district
Colorado Chautauqua National Historic District
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 271,651 people , 114,680 households , and 68,808 families residing in the county . The population density was 392 people per square mile ( 151/km2 ) . There were 119,900 housing units at an average density of 162 per square mile ( 62/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 88.54 % White , 0.88 % Black or African American , 0.61 % Native American , 3.06 % Asian , 0.06 % Pacific Islander , 4.67 % from other races , and 2.18 % from two or more races . 10.46 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 114,680 households , out of which 30.70 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 48.90 % were married couples living together , 7.70 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 40.00 % were non-families . 26.30 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 5.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.03 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 22.90 % under the age of 18 , 13.40 % from 18 to 24 , 33.60 % from 25 to 44 , 22.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 7.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 33 years . For every 100 females , there were 102.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 101.70 males .
In 2014 , the median income for a household in the county was $ 69,407 , and the median income for a family was $ 94,938 . Males had a median income of $ 65,489 versus $ 48,140 for females . About 7.0 % of families and 14.6 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 14.6 % of those under age 18 and 5.9 % of those age 65 or over .
In 2017 , Bloomberg ranked the Boulder metropolitan area as the top `` brain '' area in the US .
Government
Boulder County is divided into three districts each represented by a commissioner elected county-wide . The three commissioners comprise the county Board of Commissioners and represent the county as a whole . Each commissioner must reside in their respective district and may be elected to a maximum of two four-year terms .
The Board of County Commissioners are full-time public servants and approve the budget for the entire County government . The Board also oversees the management of 10 County departments and the daily operations of the county , work that is done by a county manager or a chief administrative officer in some counties .
Boulder County has seven other county-wide elected officials , including the District Attorney , who represents the 20th Judicial District .
Elected officials
Politics
Boulder County went Republican in all but three presidential elections from 1920 to 1984 , the exceptions being the national Democratic landslides of 1932 , 1936 and 1964 . However , it has swung heavily to the Democrats since the late 1980s , and has supported Democrats at every election since 1988 . Since the 1990s , it has become one of the most liberal counties in Colorado ; in most years , it is the second-strongest Democratic bastion in the state , behind only the City and County of Denver . The GOP has not crossed the 40 % mark in the county since 1988 . This tracks closely with the Democratic trend in other counties dominated by college towns .
In recent years , the GOP has turned in some of its worst showings in the county in memory . Republicans took less than 28 % of the vote in Boulder County in both 2008 and 2012 , only 22 % in 2016 , and just over 20 % in 2020 .
In 2000 , Green Party presidential candidate Ralph Nader took 11.82 % of the vote in Boulder County , more than twice the 5.25 % they took statewide in Colorado , and more than four times their 2.73 % nationwide vote share .
Boulder County has also demonstrated its progressive leanings in referenda on social issues , such as in 2006 , when nearly 2/3 of Boulder County voters voted to reject Amendment 43 , a constitutional amendment defining marriage as between one man and one woman . Although the amendment passed statewide with 55 % of the vote , only 33 % of Boulder County supported it . In 2012 , over 66 % of Boulder County voted in favor of Amendment 64 , legalizing marijuana in the state of Colorado .
Local courts
The 20th Judicial District of Colorado , the state trial court of general jurisdiction , serves and is coextensive with Boulder County . As of 2009 the 20th Judicial Circuit has eight District Court judges . The Boulder County Court , the state trial court of limited jurisdiction , consists of five judges and six magistrates .
Boulder County has two combined courthouses :
The Boulder County Justice Center is located in the City of Boulder and is headquarters to the 20th Judicial District of Colorado . The office of the district attorney is also here , as is the Juvenile Assessment Center , the county 's combined assessment and detention facility .
The Longmont Courthouse in the City of Longmont acts as an extension of the County Court and the District Attorney 's Office .
Communities
Cities
Boulder
Lafayette
Longmont ( partly in Weld County )
Louisville
Towns
Erie ( partly in Weld County )
Jamestown
Lyons
Nederland
Superior ( partly in Jefferson County )
Town of Ward
Census-designated places
Allenspark
Altona
Bark Ranch
Bonanza Mountain Estates
Coal Creek ( partly in Gilpin County and Jefferson County )
Crisman
Eldora
Eldorado Springs
Glendale
Gold Hill
Gunbarrel
Hidden Lake
Lazy Acres
Leyner
Mountain Meadows
Niwot
Paragon Estates
Pine Brook Hill
Seven Hills
St. Ann Highlands
Sugarloaf
Sunshine
Tall Timber
Valmont
Wondervu
Other unincorporated communities
Caribou
Canfield
Gooding
Hygiene
Highland
Liggett
Morey
Pinecliffe
Pleasant View Ridge ( partly in Weld County )
Tabor
Education
School districts serving Boulder County include :
Boulder Valley School District RE-2
Estes Park School District R-3
St. Vrain Valley School District RE 1J
Thompson School District R-2J
See also
Jackson County , Jefferson Territory
Colorado census statistical areas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Boulder County , Colorado
Front Range Urban Corridor
Marfell Lakes
North Central Colorado Urban Area
2013 Colorado floods
References
External links
Boulder County Government website
Boulder County USGenWeb
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Rocky Mountain National Park website
Colorado counties
1861 establishments in Colorado Territory
Metropolitan areas of Colorado
Populated places established in 1861
Security patterns can be applied to achieve goals in the area of security . All of the classical design patterns have different instantiations to fulfill some information security goal : such as confidentiality , integrity , and availability . Additionally , one can create a new design pattern to specifically achieve some security goal .
Existing security pattern
The pattern community has provided a collection of security patterns , which were discussed in workshops at Pattern Languages of Programs ( PLoP ) conferences . They have been unified and published in a joint project .
The Open Group provides a set of documented security patterns .
Available system patterns
These are patterns that are concerned with the availability of the assets . The assets are either services or resources offered to users .
Check-pointed system pattern describes a design to use replication ( computer science ) and recover when a component fails .
Standby pattern has the goal to provide a fall back component able to resume the service of the failing component .
Comparator-checked fault tolerant system pattern provides a way to monitor the failure-free behavior of a component .
Replicated system pattern describes a design of redundant components , and a means of load balancing and redirection in between to decrease the chance of non-availability of the service .
Error detection/correction pattern has the goal to deduce errors and possibly correct them to guarantee correct information exchange or storage .
Protected system patterns
This is a set of patterns concerned with the confidentiality and integrity of information by providing means to manage access and usage of the sensitive data .
The protected system pattern provides some reference monitor or enclave that owns the resources and therefore must be bypassed to get access . The monitor enforces as the single point a policy . The GoF refers to it as `` Protection Proxy '' .
The policy pattern is an architecture to decouple the policy from the normal resource code . An authenticated user owns a security context ( erg . a role ) that is passed to the guard of resource . The guard checks inside the policy whether the context of this user and the rules match and provides or denies access to the resource .
The authenticator pattern is also known as the Pluggable Authentication Modules or Java Authentication and Authorization Service ( JAAS ) .
Subject descriptor pattern
Secure Communication is similar to Single sign-on , RBAC
Security Context is a combination of the communication protection proxy , security context and subject descriptor pattern .
Security Association is an extension of the secure communication pattern .
Secure Proxy pattern can be used for defense in depth .
Security patterns for Java EE , XML Web Services and Identity Management
This is a set of security patterns evolved by Sun Java Center – Sun Microsystems engineers Ramesh Nagappan and Christopher Steel , which helps to build end-to-end security into multi-tier Java EE enterprise applications , XML-based Web services , enabling identity management in Web applications including single sign-on authentication , multi-factor authentication , and enabling Identity provisioning in Web-based applications .
Authentication Enforcer pattern can be used to manage and delegate authentication processes
Authorization Enforcer pattern can be used to manage and delegate authorization processes
Intercepting Validator pattern helps to perform security validation for input data from clients
Secure Base Action pattern shows centralizing handling of security tasks in a base action class
Secure Logger pattern can be used to log sensitive data and ensuring tamper-proof storage
Secure Session Manager shows securely centralizing session information handling
Web Agent Interceptor pattern shows how to use an interceptor mechanism to provide security for Web applications
Obfuscated Transfer Object pattern shows how to protect data passed around in transfer objects and between application tiers
Audit Interceptor pattern shows to capture security-related events to support logging and auditing
Message Inspector pattern shows verification and validation of XML message-level security mechanisms , such as XML Signature and XML Encryption in conjunction with a security token .
Message Interceptor Gateway pattern shows a single entry point solution for centralization of security enforcement for incoming and outgoing XML Web Service messages . It helps to apply transport-level and message-level security mechanisms required for securely communicating with a Web services endpoint .
Secure Message Router pattern facilitates secure XML communication with multiple partner endpoints that adopt message-level security . It acts as a security intermediary component that applies message-level security mechanisms to deliver messages to multiple recipients where the intended recipient would be able to access only the required portion of the message and remaining message fragments are made confidential .
Single Sign-On ( SSO ) Delegator pattern describes how to construct a delegator agent for handling a legacy system for single sign-on ( SSO ) .
Assertion Builder pattern defines how an identity assertion ( for example , authentication assertion or authorization assertion ) can be built .
Credential Synchroniser pattern describes how to securely synchronize credentials and principals across multiple applications using Identity provisioning
References
External links
N. Yoshioka , H. Washizaki , K. Maruyama , A survey on security patterns , Progress in Informatics , No . 5 pp . 35–47 , ( 2008 )
The Open Group Security Pattern Guide
Microsoft Patterns and Practices Group
Ramesh Nagappan , Security Patterns for J2EE Applications , Web Services , Identity Management , and Service Provisioning
Security engineering
The University of Tennessee Police Department ( UTPD ) is the body responsible for law enforcement on the campus and various properties of the University of Tennessee . Their tasks include traffic enforcement , criminal investigations , criminal apprehensions , public safety , motorist assistance and security at public events . All of the UTPD 's 65 officers are fully sworn and commissioned law enforcement officials with full jurisdictional authority in the State of Tennessee for enforcing all local , state and federal laws , codes and ordinances . With the majority of activities taking place within the city limits of Knoxville , Tennessee , the UTPD has a close working relationship with the Knoxville Police Department .
Rank structure
See also
List of law enforcement agencies in Tennessee
University of Tennessee
References
External links
University of Tennessee
State law enforcement agencies of Tennessee
Tenn
SportsChannel Cincinnati was an American regional sports network owned by the Rainbow Media division of Cablevision , and operated as an affiliate of SportsChannel . Headquartered in Cincinnati , Ohio , the channel used to broadcast regional coverage of sports events throughout the Miami Valley , focusing mainly on professional sports teams based in the Cincinnati area .
History
The network launched on April 1 , 1990 , with coverage of Major League Baseball games involving the Cincinnati Reds as its flagship programming . The initial contract with the Reds gave SportsChannel 30 games in 1990 , increasing to 35 and then 40 games in 1991 and 1992 respectively . Other programming was provided from SportsChannel Ohio including basketball games from the Midwestern Collegiate Conference and Mid-American Conference . The network also featured SportsChannel 's NHL package and Notre Dame football . At launch , SportsChannel Cincinnati broadcast nightly from 5 PM to Midnight on weekdays and from 9 AM to Midnight on weekends . This was expanded to a 24-hour schedule beginning on January 1 , 1994 .
In 1996 , the network 's Reds broadcasts were fed to Tennessee and western North Carolina via Fox Sports South ; much of that area is part of the Reds ' home territory as defined by the league .
On June 30 , 1997 , Fox/Liberty Networks ( owned as a joint venture between News Corporation and Liberty Media ) purchased a 40 % interest in Cablevision 's sports properties ( including the SportsChannel networks , Madison Square Garden , and the New York Knicks and New York Rangers ) for $ 850 million . In January 1998 , SportsChannel was integrated into Fox Sports Net , a group of regional sports networks created by Fox/Liberty in November 1996 . At that time , SportsChannel Cincinnati was folded into Fox Sports Ohio ( the former SportsChannel Ohio ) , serving as a regional subfeed of that network .
References
Cincinnati
Defunct local cable stations in the United States
Sports in Cincinnati
Television channels and stations established in 1990
1990 establishments in Ohio
Television channels and stations disestablished in 1998
1998 disestablishments in Ohio
Television stations in Cincinnati
Defunct mass media in Ohio
Dystasia laterivitta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1942 .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1942
`` Charge '' is a bugle call that signals the command to execute a cavalry or infantry charge . It is especially associated with the United States Cavalry as a result of its frequent use in Western films . A simple unmistakable call , it was even recognizable by experienced horses .
See also
`` Charge '' ( fanfare )
References
Sources
Rabbai , George . Infantry Bugle Calls of the American Civil War . Pacific , MO : Melbay Publications , 1998 .
Bugle calls
Military commands
The 2015 Lorraine Open 88 was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts . It was the ninth edition of the tournament and part of the 2015 ITF Women 's Circuit , offering a total of $ 100,000 in prize money . It took place in Contrexéville , France , on 6–12 June 2015 .
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 29 June 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Fiona Ferro
Jeļena Ostapenko
Chloé Paquet
Constance Sibille
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Georgina García Pérez
Lara Michel
Natalia Vikhlyantseva
Nina Zander
The following player received entry by lucky loser spots :
Gaia Sanesi
Rebecca Šramková
Carla Touly
Champions
Singles
Alexandra Dulgheru def . Yulia Putintseva , 6–3 , 1–6 , 7–5
Doubles
Oksana Kalashnikova / Danka Kovinić def . Irina Ramialison / Constance Sibille , 2–6 , 6–3 , [ 10–6 ]
External links
2015 Lorraine Open 88 at ITFtennis.com
Official website
2015 ITF Women 's Circuit
2015
2015 in French tennis
Cannabis is present in Somalia , and noted in the Somali 1971 penal code . Reports in 1970 and 1971 note that it is one of the few narcotic drugs found there , other than the locally very popular khat leaf .
Somali Civil War
As early as 1996 , the Nairobi Standard reported that Somali warlords were cultivating cannabis to support military operations , amounting to annual harvests of 160 tons worth US $ 272 million .
A 2007 study of use of drugs by combatants in the Somali War noted that the most commonly used drug was khat , with 70.1 % of respondents having used it in the previous week , compared with 10.7 % for smoking cannabis and 0.6 % for eating hemp seeds .
A 2008 Al Jazeera report , following Al-Shabaab 's seizing of the port city of Kismayo , noted that three local men were arrested for possession of hashish , and their supply was burned and they were publicly flogged by the militants .
A 2013 study noted `` persistent reports '' of small-scale cannabis production for export in southern Somalia .
References
Somalia
Drugs in Somalia
The Complete Sha'ir 's Handbook is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game , published in 1994 .
Contents
The Complete Sha'ir 's Handbook covers sha'irs and also the elemental mages of Zakhara . Presented in the familiar `` Complete Handbook '' format . it gives role-playing and campaign advice ( apprentices , dueling practices ) , new wizard kits ( astrologer , numerologist , clockwork mage , and others ) , almost a dozen secret magical societies , and ten pages of new spells and proficiencies . The Mechanician , for example , crafts clockwork automata to cast their spells .
This book details the wizards of the Al-Qadim setting , including the core kits of Sha'ir , Sorcerer , and Elemental Mage . It also introduces a number of additional kits .
Publication history
The Complete Sha'ir 's Handbook was written by Sam Witt and published by TSR as a 128-page softcover .
Shannon Appelcline , the author of Designers & Dragons , highlighted that `` TSR stopped using module codes in 1994 , but The Complete Sha'ir 's Handbook is clearly the third book in the 'CGR ' series . Like its predecessors , it combines the crunchy kits of the Complete PHBR series ( 1989-1995 ) with the background of a specific campaign world '' .
Reception
Allen Varney reviewed The Complete Sha'ir 's Handbook for Dragon magazine # 219 ( July 1995 ) . Varney comments : `` The kits work well , especially the Mechanician [ ... ] But the societies come out of nowhere , adding a needless layer of campaign complexity ungrounded in Arabian folktales or the Zakharan campaign . If you want a secret society of desert mages , play in the Dark Sun world . Flatly written and wordy , The Complete Sha'ir 's Handbook offers some useful advice on topics like genie prisons and caring for familiars , but its new spells look unusually powerful , as does the wizard assassin called the Spellslayer . Look before buying .
In 2013 , Alex Lucard , for Diehard GameFAN , wrote that `` Al-Qadim was n't the most popular campaign setting , but I do feel it deserves a little love , and I really enjoyed the Sha'ir handbook . More importantly , this particular sourcebook is essentially all about Wizards , and thus makes an excellent supplement for anyone playing a magic user in 2e . [ ... ] With a ton of new spells , information on sorcerous societies and so much more , anyone who enjoys playing a Mage in 2e would get a kick out of this book and find great new concepts for role-playing . The book is versatile enough that you could easily use it with other campaign settings , and it 's unique enough ( especially with that desert yellow cover ) to make curious players pick it up and start their journey in the Al-Qadim universe '' .
Appelcline commented that `` though The Complete Sha'ir 's Handbook mostly focuses on crunchy kits and other rules , it also detailed the wizardly societies of Al-Qadim , including the Brotherhood of the True Flame and many others . Wizardly societies were apparently in vogue at the time , as TSR had published DSR3 : 'Veiled Alliance ' ( 1992 ) for Dark Sun just a few years previous — though some reviewers thought such societies were better suited for Athas than the land of Al-Qadim '' .
Reviews
White Wolf # 50
References
1994 books
Al-Qadim
Wayunkayuq ( Quechua wayunka a bunch of bananas , -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with a bunch of bananas '' , also spelled Huayuncayoc ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches a height of approximately . It is located in the Junín Region , Tarma Province , Acobamba District , south of Acobamba .
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Junín Region
Ronnie Le Drew ( born 30 September 1947 ) is a Canadian-Born British puppeteer who was born in Toronto , Canada . They are best known for playing `` Zippy '' from the ITV children 's show Rainbow since the early 1970s and trained at the Little Angel Theatre , London under John Wright . Their association with the Little Angel spans over thirty years as performer , and later than director .
Theatre
Their theatre credits have included Ala-al-din ( Clifford Heap Miniature Theatre UK Tour ) Through Wooden Eyes ( Hogarth Puppets UK Tour ) Hans the Bell Ringer ( Oxford Play House and Civic Theatre Darlington . ) Angelo ( Purcell Room , London ) Soldiers Tale , The Box of Toys , Amahl and the Night Visitors , Genevieve De Brabant , Reynard the Fox . ( Queen Elizabeth Hall , London and Norwich Puppet Theatre . ) Cinderella , Frog Prince , Peter and the Wolf , Pinocchio , ( Midlands Arts Centre , Birmingham . ) and Polynesia in Doctor Dolittle UK Tour Scottish Arts Council Funded Tours , and visits to America , Israel , Denmark , France , Belgium and Czechoslovakia followed .
Television
Their numerous television credits began in 1964 with A Touch of Don Juan ( BBC - narrated by Douglas Fairbanks , Jr. ) , The Little Mermaid ( Associated Re-diffusion ) , Late Night line up ( BBC ) , Mak the Sheep stealer ( ATV ) Michael Bentine 's Potty Time , The Tommy Cooper Show both for Thames Television . Playdays ( BBC ) , Mortimer and Arabel ( BBC ) , Utterly Brilliant with Timmy Mallett ( YTV ) , Good Morning with Anne and Nick ( BBC ) , Jay 's World ( Meridian ) , Roger and the Rotten Trolls . ( ITV ) . Bills New Frock ( Channel 4 ) Ronnie was fortunate to appear with Harry Corbett , Matthew Corbett and also with Richard Cadell on the Sooty Show ( Thames Television ) , and also Sooty Heights ( Granada ) , mainly as Sweep , occasionally as Sooty and once as Scampi .
However they are probably best known as `` Zippy '' from ITV 's Rainbow and later Rainbow Days . As Zippy , Ronnie has appeared on The Jim Davidson Show ( Thames ) , The Generation Game ( BBC ) , Five ( TV ) 's Night Fever , The Jonathan Ross Show ( Channel 4 ) , The World of Puppets ( BBC ) , The Greatest 100 Kids TV Shows ( Channel 4 ) , Ashes to Ashes ( BBC ) , as well as appearances at the Fridge , The Hammersmith Pallais , as well numerous Universities , Night Clubs , and Discos , all over Great Britain with the Rainbow Disco Road Show and Rainbow 's Play Your Cards Right .
Film
Film appearances include :
The Naked Runner which starred Frank Sinatra ,
A Dandy in Aspic , Labyrinth ,
Little Shop of Horrors ,
The Muppet Christmas Carol , Muppet Treasure Island , and
Beauty and the Beast .
Commercials
Commercials include Roundtree 's Jelly Tots , Harvest Crunch , American Yellow Page 's , London Docklands Crows and even one for a Swedish Toilet Roll . The most enjoyable would be for the Ideal Home Exhibition in the seventies , where they operated the original Bill and Ben The Flower Pot Men ! In 2008 they operated the dancing `` Brains from Thunderbirds '' puppet in the advert for Drench water . In 2010 they operated marionettes for a series of Diet Coke commercials created by UK Ad Agency Mother Advertising .
Bibliography
Zippy and Me : My Life Inside Britain 's Most Infamous Puppet , Ronnie Le Drew , Nuala Calvi , Duncan Barrett , Unbound Publishing , 2019 , 416 pages ,
Teaching
They have taught at Little Angel Theatre , Central School of Speech and Drama , and founded The London School of Puppetry with their partner Caroline Astell-Burt .
References
External links
Ronnie Le Drew
London School of Puppetry
Canadian puppeteers
People from Toronto
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
British puppeteers
Ram Head or Rame Head may refer to :
Ram Head , a headland within the Bay of Isles on South Georgia Island , Antarctica
Ram Head , a headland in Massachusetts Bay , Massachusetts , United States
Ram Head , the southernmost point on Saint John , U.S. Virgin Islands
Rame Head , a headland in Cornwall , England also known as Ram Head
Rame Head ( Victoria ) , a headland in Victoria , Australia also known as Ram Head
Rams Head , a mountain in the Ramshead Range of Australia
Ram 's head , a common name for the mushroom Grifola frondosa
Charles Kirkpatrick Sharpe ( 1781 ? –1851 ) was a Scottish antiquary and artist .
Life
They were the second son of Charles Sharpe ( originally Charles Kirkpatrick ) of Hoddam , Dumfriesshire , by Eleonora , the youngest daughter of John Renton of Lamerton , born on 15 May 1781 . They went to Edinburgh for schooling in 1796 , and in October of that year joined John Robison 's class at Edinburgh University . They returned home in May 1798 .
With a view to taking orders in the Scottish Episcopal Church , Sharpe matriculated in 1798 at Christ Church , Oxford , where they graduated B.A . 17 June 1802 , and M.A . 28 June 1806 . Not fitting in at their college in terms of social activity , they devoted themselves mainly to antiquarian research and drawing .
Instead of entering the church , Sharpe took up residence in Edinburgh in 1827 , first living at 93 Princes Street a fine house facing directly onto Edinburgh Castle . They later moved to 28 Drummond Place in Edinburgh 's Second New Town.Edinburgh Post Office Directory 1850
Whilst being a welcome guest in society , they were in fact a literary recluse , who made no effort to keep up with fashion in their dress .
Sharpe died unmarried , 17 March 1851 .
Works
Sharpe contributed ballads to the second volume of Walter Scott 's Border Minstrelsy . In 1807 they also published at Oxford Metrical Legends and other Poems . In 1823 they published their Ballad Book , which in 1880 was re-edited by David Laing , with additions from Sharpe 's manuscripts . To Laing 's edition of William Stenhouse 's notes to James Johnson 's Scots Musical Museum ( 1853 ) , they made some contributions .
In 1817 Sharpe edited James Kirkton 's Secret and True History of the Church of Scotland from the Restoration to the Year 1678 , with an Account of the Murder of Archbishop Sharpe , by James Russell , an Actor therein , with notes . It was followed in 1820 by an edition of Robert Law 's Memorialls ; or the considerable Things that fell out within the Island of Great Britain from 1638 to 1684 , containing information on witchcraft and related topics . In 1827 they edited A Part of the Life of Lady Margaret Cunninghame , daughter of the Earl of Glencairn , that they had with their first Husband , the Earl of Evandale ; in 1828 ( for the Bannatyne Club ) , The Letters of Archibald , Earl of Argyle ; and in 1837 , Surgundo , or the Valiant Christian , a Catholic song for the victory at the Battle of Glenlivet in 1594 ; and the same year , Minuets and Songs of Thomas , sixth Earl of Kellie .
In drawing , Sharpe 's strength was satirical or grotesque caricature . Their frontispieces and illustrations in the Bannatyne Club and other antiquarian publications applied antiquarian knowledge . In 1833 they published a volume of etchings , under the title Portraits of an Amateur , and their Etchings , with Photographs from Original Drawings , Poetical and Prose Fragments , appeared after their death at Edinburgh in 1869 .
The Letters to and from C. K. Sharpe ( 1888 ) were edited by Alexander Allardyce , 1888 .
Notes
External links
Sharpe Chapbook Collection ; the John Rylands Library
Attribution
1781 births
1851 deaths
Scottish antiquarians
Scottish book editors
Scottish illustrators
Batrachorhina lateritia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1894 , originally under the genus Tigrana . It is known from Madagascar , where it has existed since the Upper Pleistocene . It feeds on Hymenaea verrucosa .
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1894
Mennonite Church may refer to :
Mennonites , an anabaptist denominational family
Mennonite Church ( 1683–2002 ) , a denomination which merged with the General Conference Mennonite Church in 2002
Mennonite Church Canada ( 2000— )
Mennonite Church USA ( 2002— )
Erez Safar is an American DJ , producer and songwriter who records under the names Diwon and h2the . They are CEO of Bancs Media , an American production company specializing in music and video production ; Studio Bancs , a creative art space ; and Shemspeed , a record label and promotional agency . They are the founder and director of the Sephardic Music Festival , and Gallery 38 in Los Angeles .
Early life and education
Safar , an Orthodox Jew , is the son of an American Jewish father and Yemenite Jewish mother . They grew up listening to Mizrahi and Yemenite music . In 2003 , they graduated from the University of Maryland , and moved to Brooklyn later that year .
Career
Early career
Safar 's career in music began at the University of Maryland when they founded Juez , a breakbeat klezmer jazz quartet in which they played drums . That year , they also began performing under the moniker DJ Handler , spinning a blend of hip hop , afrobeat , and Arabic music . In 2004 , Juez released their lone album , Shemspeed Alt Schule , on Modular Moods , an independent record label founded by Safar .
In 2007 , Safar was named to The Forward 50 , an annual list of the world 's most influential Jews , as chosen by the editors of The Forward . They were recognized for their work as DJ Handler , for heading Modular Moods , for founding and running the Sephardic Music Festival , and for that year 's formation of Shemspeed . That same year , in a cover story on DJ Handler , The Jerusalem Post called them `` one of the top visionaries of young Jewish cool 's celebrated vanguard . ''
Sephardic Music Festival
In an effort to introduce Sephardic music to a greater audience , Safar launched the Sephardic Music Festival in 2005 . The seven-day festival takes place annually in December around Hanukkah at venues across New York City . The New York Times described the festival as having an `` eclectic lineup of traditional and contemporary artists , including many dedicated to fusing disparate sounds or bridging new and old . '' Shemspeed has released two compilation albums , Sephardic Music Festival , Vol . 1 ( 2010 ) and Sephardic Music Festival , Vol . 2 ( 2012 ) , featuring Middle Eastern-tinged tracks from a variety of acclaimed Jewish artists , including Matisyahu , Pharaoh 's Daughter , DeScribe , Moshav and Sarah Aroeste .
Dreams In Static , Bonhom , h2the and solo work
In 2008 , Safar changed their stage-name from DJ Handler to Diwon , a name inspired by the Yemenite book . ( The diwan has meaning as a book of songs in Persian and Urdu . ) `` DJ Handler I started before I became a DJ , and I never felt like it was me — it never really fit , '' Safar said of the switch . `` Making Yemenite music under the name 'Handler ' sounded kind of absurd ... and not in a good way . '' Diwon 's music combines traditional Yemeni elements with modern electro hip-hop .
In 2009 , Diwon worked with New York-based guitarist Dugans to form Dreams In Static , which released an instrumental LP , Serene Poetic , on February 2 , 2010 . The Forward wrote that the album `` occupies an otherworldly , post-rock , electro-instrumental universe . '' In 2014 , after expanding to include vocalist Akie Bermiss , Dreams In Static released the single `` You 're On Your Own '' . Diwon produced the music video . The band plans to release a new album later in 2014 .
DJBooth.net has called Diwon a `` buzzmaking beatsmith '' in reference to their collaboration with Kyle Rapps , the mixtape Tyrone Gosling , inspired by the 2011 Ryan Gosling film Drive . In 2013 , Diwon released their debut album , New Game , along with the album 's first single , `` Games That We Play '' featuring Jesse Scott and Barney Bones . Also that year , their Bancs Media released the compilation Endless Summer , with tracks from artists including RZA , Kosha Dillz , Kool G Rap and others . On August 20 , 2014 , they released the instrumental album Pre-Game .
Diwon and James Coleman make up the pop group Bonhom . They released the single `` Live for Now '' in 2013 .
In 2017 , Diwon started making '80s-style synth music under the name h2the . The h2the album Beat Tape was released in 2017 on cassette tape . On May 21 , 2020 , h2the 's Lo-Fi Live-Stream Album Release Party featured indie artists and painters in virtual rooms . On May 22 , 2020 , h2the released An Album of Lo-Fi Songs That Will Never Trend .
Israeli keffiyeh
In January 2010 , Diwon began selling a keffiyeh through Shemspeed that they coined the `` Israeli keffiyeh '' . It featured `` blue embroidered Stars of David '' and the slogan `` Am Israeli Chai '' ( `` The Nation of Israel Lives '' ) sewn into it . The design caused a small amount of controversy , because it was seen as `` inappropriate for Jews to use it as a pro-Israel symbol '' , but Diwon explained that since there are multiple kinds of keffiyeh that are used for a number of different political symbols , they wanted it to be `` just one more interpretation of a scarf worn by our brothers for thousands of years '' .
Art gallery
Safar relocated to Los Angeles in 2012 . They and Badir McCleary founded Gallery 38 in Los Angeles 's West Adams neighborhood in 2015 .
Discography
Albums
Juez - Shemspeed Alt Schule ( 2004 ) ( as Erez , playing drums )
Benyamin Brody , Diwon & Dugans - Shir Hashirim ( Song of Songs ) ( 2009 )
Dreams In Static - Serene Poetic ( 2010 )
Diwon - New Game ( 2013 )
Diwon - Pre Game ( 2014 )
h2the - Beat Tape ( 2017 )
Dreams in Static - Part of the Machine ( 2017 )
h2the - An Album of Lo-Fi Songs That Will Never Trend ( 2020 )
Singles
Diwon featuring Y-Love & Sarah Aroeste - `` Gon na Light '' ( 2012 )
Bonhom - `` Live for Now '' ( 2013 )
Diwon featuring Jesse Scott and Barney Bones - `` Games That We Play '' ( 2013 )
Dreams In Static - `` You 're On Your Own '' ( 2014 )
h2the - `` Ready Player '' ( 2018 )
Sirken & h2the - Howl '' ( 2018 )
h2the & Flavia - `` Got ta Let You Go '' ( 2018 )
h2the - `` High on You '' ( feat . Melinda Ortner ) ( 2018 )
h2the & Slvmber - `` Ignite Wonderland '' ( 2018 )
Diwon - `` Rock Like Me '' ( feat . Doodlebug , Y-Love & D. Black ) ( 2018 )
Kit Major & h2the - `` Bored , Broke & Beautiful '' ( 2019 )
Saycyl & h2the - `` Too Deep '' ( 2019 )
h2the & Slvmber - `` Need Your Love '' ( 2019 )
h2the - `` Matched '' ( 2019 )
Diwon - `` # TBT 2010 '' ( 2020 )
Compilations
Endless Summer ( 2013 )
Mixtapes
Rarities & Remixes
The Beat Guide to Yiddish
Sabra Sessions Volume 1
I Heart Mixtape
Psychadeliciwon
Chulo
Syndication ( with Kyle Rapps )
Tyrone Gosling ( with Kyle Rapps )
Honey Dijon ( with Kyle Rapps & Y-Love )
As producer
Y-Love - This Is Babylon ( 2008 ) ( executive producer )
Y-Love & Yuri Lane - Count It ( Sefira ) ( 2009 )
DeScribe & Y-Love - The Change EP ( 2009 )
Shemspeed MCs ( DeScribe , Y-Love , Kosha Dillz & Eprhyme ) vs. Electro Morocco - `` Boom Selecta '' ( single ) ( 2010 )
Y-Love - See Me - EP ( 2011 )
Lipa Schmeltzer & DeScribe - `` Acharon Acharon , Chaviv ( Diwon Remix ) '' ( single ) ( 2011 )
Y-Love & Tj Di Hitmaker featuring Andy Milonakis - `` The Takeover '' ( single ) ( 2011 )
Y-Love featuring Onili - `` Focus on the Flair '' ( single ) ( 2012 )
Mikey Pauker - Extraordinary Love ( 2013 )
Bonhom - Sex War ( 2015 )
Bonhom - Love Is Not the End ( 2018 )
Bonhom - Love Is War ( 2020 )
References
External links
Official website
Bancs Media
h2the website
Gallery 38 website
Living people
Jewish American musicians
American Orthodox Jews
Shemspeed Records artists
American DJs
Record producers from New York ( state )
Musicians from San Diego
University of Maryland , College Park alumni
Musicians from Brooklyn
Musicians from Los Angeles
Jewish hip hop record producers
American people of Jewish descent
American people of Yemeni-Jewish descent
Record producers from California
American chief executives
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American Jews
Abdul Baqi Jammoh ( ; 1922 – 11 May 2016 ) , also known as Jammu , was a Jordanian politician of Chechen descent . They served in both houses of the Parliament of Jordan , several times as a member of the House of Deputies and as member of the Senate between 1997 and 2001 . During their time in the Senate Jammoh was part of the Islamist faction . Jammoh was member of the cabinet twice . They first served as Minister of state for parliamentary affairs between 1989 and 1991 . Their second position was that of Minister of state for legal and parliamentary affairs between 1994 and 1995 . Jammoh was born in Zarqa .
References
1922 births
2016 deaths
Members of the House of Representatives ( Jordan )
Members of the Senate of Jordan
Parliamentary affairs ministers of Jordan
People from Zarqa
Chechen people
Carlos Alveiro Rentería Cuesta ( born 4 March 1986 in Quibdó , Chocó ) is a Colombian footballer who plays as striker .
Club career
After a great season and scoring 10 goals in the Colombian league , they had many offers from big clubs in Colombia as well as the Swiss club Basel . Renteria chose Atlético Nacional because performing well there would get them future call ups to the National team , and better offers abroad . In 2009 was loaned back to Atlético Huila after an accident killed two Huila players .
Personal life
Their brother , Wason is a professional footballer currently playing for Millonarios .
External links
Atlético Nacional Official Website
Carlos Rentería , goleador y figura de La Equidad
1986 births
Living people
People from Quibdó
Colombian footballers
Association football forwards
Categoría Primera A player
Real Cartagena footballers
Atlético Huila footballers
Atlético Nacional footballers
La Equidad footballers
Atlético Junior footballers
Patriotas Boyacá footballers
Colombia international footballers
Sportspeople from Chocó Department
2018 in men 's road cycling is about the 2018 men 's bicycle races governed by the UCI . The races are part of the UCI Road Calendar .
World Championships
The World Road Championships were held in Innsbruck , Austria , from 22 to 30 September 2018 .
Grand Tours
UCI World Tour
For the 2018 season , the UCI World Tour calendar contains the same events as in 2017 .
UCI tours
2.HC Category Races
1.HC Category Races
Championships
Continental Championships
National Championships
UCI Teams
UCI WorldTeams
The UCI has granted a UCI WorldTour licence to the following eighteen teams :
UCI Professional Continental teams
References
Men 's road cycling by year
Typhoon Andy , known in the Philippines as Typhoon Iliang , was an intense tropical cyclone that made landfall in Taiwan . Andy formed along the northern edge of the monsoon trough south of Guam on July 22 , 1982 . It became a tropical storm the next day , although this system was initially poorly organized . Andy moved steadily west during the first few days of its life . After looping south of Guam , the cyclone moved northwest and strengthened . Andy turned westward near the 18th parallel on July 25 . The system became a strong typhoon for a prolonged period on July 27 and July 28 while attaining a peak intensity of . However , the typhoon struck southern Taiwan on July 29 . Continuing westward through the Formosa Strait , the storm made its final landfall in southern China on July 30 and dissipated inland two days later .
During its formative stages , the typhoon brought high waves to Guam , resulting in one death . Twelve families were also left homeless . After passing near Taiwan , Andy brought strong winds , which resulted in thirteen deaths and two others were rendered missing . Government offices , schools and airports were closed . At least 60 fishing boats in harbors were badly damaged or wrecked due to strong winds . A total of 300 power poles were brought down ; consequently , nearly a quarter of Taiwan residents lost power at the height of the storm . After moving ashore in China , Andy brought heavy rains to nearby Hong Kong .
Meteorological history
Typhoon Andy originated from a monsoon trough south of Guam in tandem with Typhoon Bess . Despite strong wind shear , three areas of disturbed weather soon developed . The westernmost of the three drifted westward and remained poorly defined . Late on July 21 , a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert ( TCFA ) was issued for the middle system following a drop in barometric pressure and an increase in organization . Around this time , the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) started watching the cyclone . On July 22 , the JMA upgraded the system into a tropical storm . During the evening hours of July 22 , Hurricane Hunters found winds of and a minimum pressure of . Based on this , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) classified the system as a tropical storm and named it Andy . Despite the initial overall lack of organization , Andy slowly gained strength while tracking generally westward . However , the low-level circulation was initially poorly defined and difficult to find via weather satellite imagery . While passing around south of Guam , the JMA upped Andy into a severe tropical storm . After performing a small loop , Andy accelerated northwest south of a subtropical ridge . According to the JMA , Andy attained typhoon intensity midday on July 24 .
For the ensuing 24 hours , intensification was slight . Thereafter , Andy turned west and entered a more favorable environment for intensification . On July 25 , the JMA placed the intensity of the storm at . After briefly leveling off in intensity , Andy continued to gain strength , and during the morning hours of July 26 , the JMA reported winds of . The next day , after the storm became better organized and developed a well-defined eye , the JMA estimated that Andy reached peak intensity , with winds of , and subsequently noted that Andy attained its minimum barometric pressure of . Later that day , the JTWC estimated a peak intensity of , equivalent to a Category 4 hurricane on the United States-based Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale ( SSHWS ) .
Shortly after its peak , Andy began to slowly weaken . At 1200 UTC on July 28 , the JTWC reduced the intensity of the typhoon to . However , on July 29 , the JMA lowered the intensity of the cyclone to as the storm 's eye disappeared on satellite imagery . Nevertheless , the JTWC kept the intensity over until landfall , which occurred later that day along the southeastern quadrant of Taiwan . Despite briefly emerging into the Formosa Strait , the JMA downgraded Andy into a severe tropical storm just before landfall in Southern China . On July 30 , the JTWC stopped watching Andy inland over the mountains terrain of southeastern China . Two days later , the JMA followed suit .
Preparations and impact
While strengthening , Typhoon Andy passed near Guam , generating waves along south-facing beaches . An 11-year-old boy died in Naval Station after the waves swept them off of rocks . Three `` huge '' waves struck the shoreline near Umatac , which destroyed several homes off of their foundation . Along many nearby villages , scattered damage was noted . At least nine villages were without power for varying amounts of time . In all , 12 people were left homeless .
While affecting Taiwan , Typhoon Andy snapped trees and toppled billboards , in addition to generating high waves . In some places , rainfall reached . Coastal areas were the hardest hit . Along the southern portion of the island , 300 power poles were downed , making damage reports difficult for the United Press International to obtain . At the height of the storm , a quarter of the nation 's 18 million residents were left without power . Eight people were killed in storm-related accidents , including a man and a woman who died when a car flipped in the central portion of the country . Furthermore , four members of a fishing party were swept out to sea and drowned and an elderly man was blown off a roof as they tried to fix leaks in it . Another 11-year-old boy was swept into the sea and was presumed to have perished while watching waves near the southeastern city of Taitung , though their 16-year-old companion who was also watching the waves was swept away , but was later rescued . In Taipei , broken trees and signboards fell on streets due to strong winds . Government offices , schools and airports were closed . One quarter of the city lost power . At least 60 fishing boats in harbors were badly damaged or wrecked in the wind . Elsewhere , a 23-man crew was forced to abandon a ship off the northern Philippines . Overall , 13 people were killed , 2 were missing , and 25 others were wounded . A total of 300 homes were at least partially destroyed but no major damage was observed and no major flooding was reported .
While Andy was in Taiwan Straits , a No 1. hurricane signal was issued for Hong Kong on July 28 . The next day , this was upgraded to a No . 3 hurricane signal . All signals were dropped after Andy weakened to a tropical storm . A minimum pressure of was recorded at the Hong Kong Royal Observatory ( HKO ) on July 29 . Waglan Island recorded a peak wind speed of . Meanwhile , Green Island observed a peak wind gust of . Tate 's Cairn observed of rain during the passage of the storm , the highest in the vicinity of Hong Kong . Overall , damage in Hong Kong was minor .
See also
Typhoon Wayne ( 1983 )
Typhoon Winnie ( 1997 )
Typhoon Soudelor ( 2015 )
Notes
References
1982 Pacific typhoon season
Typhoons in Taiwan
Typhoons
Andy
Beautiful Wives Club ( ) is a 2018 Burmese drama television series . It aired on MRTV , from June 13 , to August 29 , 2018 , on every Wednesday , Thursday and Friday at 19:15 for 30 episodes .
Cast
Soe Pyae Thazin as Thanbu Khin
Mya Hnin Yee Lwin as Madi Pyo May
May Barani Thaw as Amara Maung
Khin Thazin as Mar Yar
Pho Thauk Kyar as Thwin Htoo
Zay Ya as Dr. Su Thet Yin
Nay Yan as Ni Ti
Kyaw Kyaw as Thu Swe
References
Burmese television series
Cape Verde ( also known as Cabo Verde ) remained a Portuguese colony throughout World War II . Portugal and its colonial empire were officially neutral but gradually came to support the Allies in the conflict . While no major battles took place in or around Cape Verde , the archipelago was still of key strategic importance to the Allies throughout the war . Several important domestic developments took place in Cape Verde during and as a result of the war .
History
The Suez Canal was traditionally how Britain reached its lucrative and important eastern colonies such as India , but the canal became a battleground during the war as the Axis tried to capture it from the Allies . As such , the Allies needed to rely on Atlantic islands and archipelagos such as Cape Verde for their critical supply lines between Europe and South and East Asia .
Throughout the war , Allied ships were stationed at the Cape Verdean city of Mindelo on the island of São Vicente .
An Allied invasion of several Atlantic islands belonging to Portugal was planned and code named Operation Alacrity . U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt also wanted to include an invasion of Cape Verde to be part of the plan , openly saying that Axis occupation of Cape Verde would threaten U.S. safety and would force the U.S. to act upon its Monroe Doctrine . This statement came in mid-1941 , before the Attack on Pearl Harbor and led U.S. military officials to draft War Plan Gray , a predecessor to Operation Alacrity that included solely the United States . Neither War Plan Gray nor Operation Alacrity ever came to fruition , as the Axis could never reasonably threaten Portugal 's Atlantic island territories with an invasion .
In 1941 , three German U-boats were ambushed by Allied naval forces off the coast of Cape Verde . The location of the U-boats was only found out after Alan Turing and the British government cracked the Enigma encryption code used by the Germans . The attack off of Cape Verde led German Admiral Karl Dönitz to conclude that the Enigma cipher had been compromised by the Allies .
Cape Verde saw its worst ever famines during World War II , specifically from 1941 to 1943 and 1947 to 1948 . The famines caused the deaths of an estimated 45,000 Cape Verdeans and led thousands more to flee the country , with many coming to the islands of São Tomé and Príncipe , also controlled by Portugal at the time .
Several Cape Verdean Americans fought in the U.S. Army and U.S. Navy during the conflict , serving in both the European and Asian theaters of the war .
The political and economic situation of the post-war world eventually allowed Cape Verde to gain independence from the Portuguese Empire in 1975 , as part of a much larger trend of decolonization across the world .
See also
Anglo-Portuguese Alliance
Battle of the Atlantic
Naval history of World War II
Operation Alacrity
References
Further reading
Former Portuguese colonies
Sir Henry Alfred McCardie ( 19 July 1869 – 26 April 1933 ) was a controversial British judge . Educated at King Edward 's School , Birmingham they left school at 16 and spent several years working for an auctioneer before qualifying as a barrister and being called to the Bar in 1894 . Despite their lack of a university degree and the business connections that went with it McCardie built up a successful practice in Birmingham and the Midland and Oxford Circuit through a combination of clear arguments , confident advocacy and intense work ; they worked so late in their chambers that they became known as `` the lighthouse '' . They moved to London to continue work in 1904 and was a popular barrister , on one day handling twenty-one cases in twenty-one different courts . At the peak of their career they were earning £20,000 while still a junior barrister ; a large amount for that period .
They were appointed as a judge of the High Court King 's Bench Division in 1916 at the personal recommendation of the Prime Minister H. H. Asquith despite only being a junior barrister ( his application to become a King 's Counsel in 1910 had been withdrawn ) , a rarity as most High Court judges were KCs . They became known for two things ; firstly the quality and detail of their written judgments , and secondly their tendency to rebel against the judicial norm and criticise the system , which prevented them from advancing further up the judicial hierarchy . They were popular with the Bar and became a bencher of the Middle Temple in 1916 and a reader in 1927 , but received much criticism from the judiciary for their judgements . After several bouts of illness and depression while on circuit they committed suicide on 26 April 1933 in their flat . Numerous theories have been advanced as to the cause of the fatal act , and it may be that it resulted from a combination of several causes .
Biography
Early life and education
McCardie was born on 19 July 1869 in Edgbaston to Joseph McCardie , an Irish merchant and button maker , and their English wife Jane Hunt . Their father died when McCardie was eight , and as a result they and their six siblings were raised by their mother alone . They were educated at King Edward 's School , Birmingham and was noted as intelligent but lazy . They left the school when they were sixteen to get a job and for several years worked in an auctioneers office before being admitted to the Middle Temple in 1891 . They were called to the bar on 18 April 1894 and almost immediately began work at the chambers of James Parfit ( known as J.J. Parfit ) in Birmingham .
At the Bar
McCardie became well known on the Midlands and Oxford Circuit for their clear arguments and the amount of time they spent working on cases and studying the law as to present the best case for their client ; they worked so late that their chamber became known as `` the lighthouse '' as there was always a light on in the windows . They were frequently called upon by solicitors to present cases , whether alone or with a KC , and at the height of their career was earning over £20,000 . During their time at the bar McCardie represented large organisations such as railway companies and banks , and was a popular barrister . On one occasion they and the QC they were working with , Edward Marshall-Hall , walked out of court in the middle of a case ; it was felt that such a popular and effective junior barrister McCardie must have been in the right in doing so . McCardie applied to Lord Loreburn , the Lord Chancellor to become a King 's Counsel in 1910 , but the delay while Reid considered the application harmed McCardie 's business , and they withdrew it . In 1916 on the promotion of Sir Thomas Scrutton to the Court of Appeal they were asked to become a judge in the High Court of Justice King 's Bench division , something considered extraordinary as most High Court judges were KCs .
High Court judge
As a judge McCardie used common language to make their judgements easier to understand , but at the same time they also made them very long and detailed . They were noted for their tendency to rebel against the opinions held by the rest of the judiciary and much of society as a whole ; as early as 1931 they were supportive of the legalisation of abortion , saying that `` I can not think it right that a woman should be forced to bear a child against them will '' . They made several judgments in areas that previously had no case law ; in Cohen v Sellar [ 1926 ] 1 KB 536 they decided that a fiancée who breaks off the engagement is not entitled to the return of the ring , and their ruling in Hartley v Hymans [ 1920 ] 3 KB 475 was one of the cases used by Lord Denning in their resurrection of promissory estoppel . Their decisions and their differing opinions from that of the judiciary as a whole led to criticism from the Lord Chancellor and Lord Chief Justice , as well as several members of the Court of Appeal , particularly Scrutton , whose increasingly bitter attacks suggest that they cherished a personal antipathy , which became so extreme that the two men ended by shouting at each other in open court .
Death
While on circuit in 1933 McCardie caught influenza , and the illness and lack of sleep that resulted from it drove them into a deep depression . On 26 April 1933 they shot themselves in their flat ; the coroner ruled that it was suicide . After their death it came out that they had massive gambling debts , and that they were being blackmailed as a result . It was also suggested that their dabbling in the occult had given them a morbid premonition of death , and that they had come to believe that they were fated to die on a certain day . Several other causes have been suggested , including their quarrel with Scrutton , and it is possible that in their depressed condition a number of factors contributed to the act .
In 2003 , McCardie was identified in the autobiography `` Mr Hardie '' by Henry Archer as their father ; the kind but secretive gentleman known to them by their mother as Mr Hardie and who went on holiday with them turned out to be Sir Henry McCardie .
Henry Cecil in their memoir Just Within the Law wrote that `` I have only the happiest memories of appearing before him '' .
References
20th-century English judges
English barristers
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Middle Temple
People from Birmingham , West Midlands
People educated at King Edward 's School , Birmingham
Queen 's Bench Division judges
Suicides by firearm in England
1869 births
1933 suicides
British civil servants who committed suicide
Natan Ilyich Zabara ( 1908-1975 ) was a Jewish writer born in Rogachev , a shtetl located in the Zhytomyr area of Ukraine . They wrote in Yiddish and was a member of the Union of Ukrainian Writers ( Soyuz Ukrainiski Pisatelei ) .
In their youth , Zabara lived in Kharkiv and was an active member of the youth Zionist Movement . It was in this part of their life that they began to write and to be published . During World War II they were a special correspondent for the newspaper Krasnaya Zvezda ( Red Star ) . After the defeat of Nazi Germany , they remained in Berlin and worked for the Russian newspaper Tägliche Rundschau .
They were arrested , along with many other Jews , during Stalin 's last weeks of life , and spent four to five years in a Siberian gulag ) . When they were released , they moved to Kiev .
Ukrainian Jews
Ukrainian writers
Yiddish-language writers
1908 births
1975 deaths
People from Zhytomyr Oblast
HMAS Voyager ( D31/I31 ) ( formerly HMS Voyager ( G36/G16/D31 ) ) was a W-class destroyer of the Royal Navy ( RN ) and Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) . Commissioned into the RN in 1918 , the destroyer remained in RN service until 1933 , when they were transferred to the RAN . Recommissioned , Voyager served in the Mediterranean and Pacific theatres of World War II until 23 September 1942 , when they ran aground while trying to deliver troops to Timor . The ship was damaged by Japanese bombers while trying to refloat , then was scuttled by their crew .
Design and construction
Voyager was a W-class destroyer constructed for the Royal Navy during World War I . The ship had a displacement of 1,100 tons at standard load , and 1,470 tons at full load . They were in length overall and long between perpendiculars , with a beam of , and a maximum draught of . Propulsion machinery consisted of three Yarrow boilers feeding two Brown-Curtis turbines , which provided to the two propeller shafts . Maximum designed speed was . Voyager had a range of at . The ship 's company consisted of 6 officers and 113 sailors .
At launch , Voyagers main armament consisted of four single QF 4-inch Mark V guns . This was supplemented by a quad-barrelled QF 2-pounder naval gun , and five .303-inch machine guns of various types . The destroyer was also fitted with two 3-tube 21 inch ( 533 mm ) torpedo sets , two depth charge chutes , and four depth charge throwers . Later modifications to their armament included the installation of a second 2-pounder gun and two Oerlikon 20 mm cannon , and the removal of one of the torpedo tube sets .
Voyager was laid down by Alexander Stephen and Sons at their shipyard in Glasgow , Scotland on 17 May 1917 . They were launched on 8 May 1918 . The destroyer was commissioned into the Royal Navy on 24 June 1918 , the day of their completion . Voyager was the only ship of their class that carried a name starting with `` V '' : the rest of the W class had names starting with `` W '' .
Operational history
In July 1918 , Voyager joined the 11th Destroyer Flotilla of the Grand Fleet . They remained part of the 11th Flotilla through the end of the War until the flotilla was disbanded in March 1919 , then transferring to the newly established 1st Destroyer Flotilla of the Atlantic Fleet . On 22 April 1919 , Voyager took part in a visit to the French port of Cherbourg by 13 British warships , including the battleships , , and .
In June 1919 , Voyager was deployed to the Baltic Sea as part of the British intervention in the Russian Civil War . On 2 June , Voyager and the destroyer were patrolling off Petrograd when they clashed with the Russian destroyers and , exchanging gunfire at long range across a minefield , with no damage occurring on either side . On 12 October , the 1st Flotilla was ordered to return to the Baltic shortly after returning to Britain , and between 150 and 200 men from the destroyers of the flotilla , including Voyager , refused to prepare their ships for sea , with 79 men not returning to their ships . The ships ' crews were made up with men from the Atlantic Fleet 's battleships to allow them to depart as ordered . On 25 October , the 1st Flotilla relieved the 20th Destroyer Flotilla at the Latvian cities of Riga and Liepāja , which were being attacked by Baltic German forces of the West Russian Volunteer Army . On 28 October , Voyager fired 20 rounds at Baltic German infantry positions near Riga , and from 3 November , together with and the cruiser , provided artillery support for a Latvian offensive that drove the Baltic German forces away from Riga , the artillery support continuing until 10 November , when the retreating enemy were out of range of the British guns . On 16 November , Voyager carried a load of field guns and ammunition from Riga to Liepāja , where after heavy fighting , the Latvians , supported by the Royal Navy , had beaten back more attacks by the West Russian Volunteer Army .
Voyager was deployed to Irish waters in May 1920 and January–March 1921 , during the Irish War of Independence . In January 1922 , Voyager transferred to the 5th Destroyer Flotilla , and in February the year , took part in Atlantic Fleet exercises in the Mediterranean , followed by a series of port visits . In 1925 , the 5th Flotilla , including Voyager transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet and was renamed the 1st Destroyer Flotilla . On 17 July 1928 , Voyager was in collision with the destroyer Vendetta while on passage between Crete and Skyros . Both destroyers received minor damage , and underwent temporary repairs by the depot ship Sandhurst , with more permanent repairs being made at Malta . Voyager was refitted at Devonport between 3 May and 15 June 1929 , returning to the Mediterranean in July that year . Them stay there was short , however , as on 6 November , the destroyer left Malta for Britain , arriving at Sheerness on 15 November , where their crew transferred to the destroyer Waterhen . Voyager had their boilers retubed at Chatham from January to September 1930 , before returning the Mediterranean to rejoin the 1st Flotilla . Voyager remained part of the 1st Flotilla until December 1932 , when they were replaced by the newly-built . Voyager was reduced to reserve at Portsmouth on 17 January 1933 .
Transfer to RAN
In 1933 , the British Admiralty decided to replace five S-class destroyers on loan to the RAN with five more capable ( but slightly older ) destroyers . Voyager was one of the five ships selected , and was commissioned into the RAN at Portsmouth on 11 October 1933 . The ships arrived in Australia on 21 December 1933 , and Voyager undertook routine peacetime duties until they were placed in reserve on 14 April 1936 . The destroyer was recommissioned on 26 April 1938 , and was involved in training cruises until the start of World War II .
World War II
On 14 October 1939 , Voyager left Sydney . It was originally intended for the Flotilla to be based in Singapore , but en route it was decided that the ships would be of more use in the Mediterranean . The arrival of the Australian Destroyer Flotilla was met with derision in Germany , with Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels referring to Voyager and their sister ships as `` Australia 's Scrap Iron Flotilla '' , a moniker the ships quickly adopted .
Voyager commenced operations on 1 January 1940 , initially as a convoy escort operating out of Alexandria . The ship was docked at Malta for refit during April . On 13 June and again on 19 June , Voyager attacked submarines without success , but on 27 June they attacked the Italian submarine Console Generale Liuzzi off Crete with the British destroyers , , , and , forcing the Italians to surrender and scuttle their vessel . Two days later , the Allied ships encountered the Italian submarine Uebi Scebeli and sank them after capturing the crew . On 9 July , Voyager was involved in the Battle of Calabria , as escort to the carrier . A day later , they were assigned to escort a convoy from Malta to Alexandria .
On 23 July , there was a brief mutiny aboard the destroyer , when 12 sailors sat down outside their mess deck and refused to move until their issue was addressed . Two alternate issues have been described as the source of the protest : one was the state of the ship 's armament , which was not configured for anti-aircraft warfare , the other was orders to repaint the ship in camouflage , which would have prevented any chance for shore leave . The captain came down to the sailors and resolved their problem through discussion , although they made no official record of the cause of the mutiny or its solution , and also pressed no charges against the sailors . The destroyer remained near Alexandria until September , when they returned to Malta for refit . In October , Voyager transported supplies to help establish a base on Crete following the Italian invasion of Greece . The rest of 1940 was spent escorting the Malta Convoys and providing support to ground forces involved in the Libyan campaign .
In March 1941 , Voyager was involved in Operation Lustre , the Allied reinforcement of Greece . The turn of fortune against the Allies in April required the evacuation of most of these forces ; Operation Demon . On 21 April , Voyager was in Navplion , and accounted for the evacuation of 301 people , including 160 nurses . Following this , the ship became involved with the Tobruk Ferry Service , and made 11 runs to the besieged city of Tobruk before engine problems forced their withdrawal in July . Voyager sailed to Sydney for refitting ; the first ship of the Scrap Iron Flotilla to leave the Mediterranean . After the completion of the refit , which lasted from September 1941 to March 1942 , Voyager commenced convoy escort duties in Australian waters .
Loss
Following the capture of Timor by the Japanese in February 1942 , and despite initial appearances that all Allied soldiers were captured or killed , it became evident that the 2/2nd Independent Company , supported by other surviving Australian and Dutch troops , were mounting a guerrilla campaign against the Japanese . Throughout late 1942 , a haphazard supply service began , and Voyager became involved when a sizable troop landing ( 400 commandos from 2/4th Independent Company ) and evacuation ( the 2/2nd , plus any Portuguese women and children ) was planned for September 1942 : the need for a large capacity , speed , and surprise requiring the use of a destroyer .
The 2/4th boarded at Darwin on 22 September 1942 , along with supplies and barges to convey them ashore . The planned landing place was Betano Bay , where Voyager anchored at 18:30 on 23 September . The destroyer 's position was not the best , and as the soldiers began to disembark over the port side into the barges , Voyagers commanding officer decided to reorient the ship . As the anchor was raised , a surge in the current pushed the ship towards the shore . Unable to use the port propeller shaft to push the destroyer away from the shore as the landing craft would have been swamped and dragged into the propeller , the commander attempted to swing Voyager around with the starboard shaft . Voyager was unable to complete the turn , with the ship running aground at the stern . Attempts to lighten the ship and float their free failed , and by the next morning 's high tide , the stern and propeller shafts were embedded in the sand .
At 13:30 on 24 September , the beached ship was spotted by two Japanese aircraft ; the bomber shot down , but the escorting fighter escaped to report . At 16:00 a flight of Japanese bombers attacked the ship and the beach . The destroyer was damaged beyond recovery , and while none of the ship 's company were injured , their alcohol supply – which had been brought ashore during the refloating attempts – was destroyed by a bomb . After the air attack , the Voyager personnel signalled Darwin to explain the ship 's loss and request evacuation ; they were retrieved by the corvettes and at 20:00 on 25 September .
The destroyer 's wartime service is recognised with seven battle honours : `` Darwin 1942 '' , `` Calabria 1940 '' , `` Libya 1940–41 '' , `` Greece 1941 '' , `` Crete 1941 '' , `` Mediterranean 1941 '' , and `` Pacific 1942 '' .
Notes
Citations
References
Books
Journal articles
Websites
Further reading
V and W-class destroyers of the Royal Navy
Ships built on the River Clyde
1918 ships
World War I destroyers of the United Kingdom
V and W-class destroyers of the Royal Australian Navy
World War II destroyers of Australia
Destroyers sunk by aircraft
World War II shipwrecks in the Indian Ocean
Maritime incidents in September 1942
Ships sunk by Japanese aircraft
Werner Grissmann ( born 21 January 1952 ) is a retired Austrian alpine skier . They had their best achievements in the downhill event , winning a bronze medal at the 1978 World Championships and placing seventh at the 1980 Winter Olympics . They competed in the FIS Alpine Ski World Cup in 1972–1981 with the best result of eighth place in 1975 .
References
1952 births
Living people
Austrian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Austria
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
People from Lienz
Sportspeople from Tyrol ( state )
Julius Christian Keyl ( 8 December 1877 – 15 November 1959 ) was a German track and field athlete and gymnast who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics and in the 1906 Summer Olympics .
Keyl competed for the MTV Munich Club , and it was them who sent them to the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris , they only competed in the 100 metres , where they finished last out of the four starters in their heat so did n't advance to the next round .
Back home in Germany , Keyl became the 1902 and 1904 National Champion in the 100 metres , in 1902 with the help from their brother Walter , they broke the World Record twice in the 4 x 100 metres relay , and in 1904 they broke the German 110 metres hurdles record when they ran it in 16 seconds .
Keyl also competed in the 1906 Intercalated Games in Athens , Greece but not in athletics , this time they competed in the gymnastics , they were part of the All-Round Team that finished in fifth place .
As well as studying law and becoming a practicing lawyer , from 1901 to 1919 they were head of their local football team MTV 1879 München , this was just after 11 players split from their team to form Bayern Munich , they were also president of the Munich Football Association between 1904 and 1910 , before becoming president of the Technical Commission of the South German Football Association until 1922 , when they then moved to the same position at the German Football Association until 1928 .
In 1928 , Keyl was part of the coaching team for the German football team competing at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam .
Keyl died in 1959 just three weeks before their 82nd birthday in their home city of Munich .
References
External links
1877 births
1959 deaths
Sportspeople from Munich
German male sprinters
German male artistic gymnasts
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1900 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1906 Intercalated Games
Olympic athletes of Germany
Olympic gymnasts of Germany
19th-century German people
20th-century German people
The orange-breasted trogon ( Harpactes oreskios ) is a species of bird in the family Trogonidae . It is a colorful , sedentary species that inhabits the lower canopy of the lowlands and forest of southern China , southeast Asia , Borneo , Sumatra and Java .
The species is insectivorous and hunts from a perch . Adults breed between January to May , excavating their nest into dead tree stumps . Both parents cooperate in raising the chicks .
Taxonomy
The orange-breasted trogon is a member of the order Trogoniformes , in the family Trogonidae , which is a relatively small family made up of 39 tropical species . The genus Harpactes contains the Asian trogons . H. oreskios is the sister group of the Philippine trogon ( Harpactes ardens ) and Diard 's trogon ( Harpactes diardii ) .
Five subspecies are recognized :
H. o. oreskios ( the nominate subspecies )
H. o. stellae
H. o. uniformis
H. o. nias
H. o. dulitensis
Description
The orange-breasted trogon is a medium-sized bird that measures between 25-31 cm in length and weighs about 49-57 g. The males have a dull olive-yellow head and a rufous-chestnut colour that extends from the upperparts to the upperpart of the tail . Underneath the tail the body is black and white . Primaries are black with white vertical bars and wing coverts are barred black . There is a yellow-orange lower breast which becomes lighter as it approaches the vent . A blue eye ring is present . The females have a more grey-brown head and upperparts , and a grey breast with yellow at the belly and vent . Both genders have grey feet with two toes pointing backwards , a common trait among trogons .
The subspecies can differ slightly from each other ; uniformis and dulitensis are smaller than the other subspecies and have , respectively , a more yellow or green breast ; nias has a darker crown and a larger bill that the others ; stellae has a paler breast and longer tail .
Distribution and habitat
The different subspecies of the orange-breasted trogon can be found in southern China , Thailand , peninsular Malaysia , Borneo , Sumatra , Java , Nias and Laos . H. o. stellae is found form southern China and Myanmar to Indochina ; H. o. uniformis is found from southern Thailand and peninsular Malaysia to Sumatra ; H. o. nias occurs in Nias ; H. o. dulitensis occurs in Borneo ; and `` H. o. oreskios occurs in Java .
The species does not migrate . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and montane forests , humid , lower-to-middle elevation evergreen forests , swampy forests , open dry forests , bamboo forests , thin tree jungles , and sometimes clumps of trees near forests . In Thailand , peninsular Malaysia , and Borneo , Sumatra and Java they occupy the lowlands at 1100 m , 1300 m , 300-1500 m and 1200 m respectively . In Nias , they occupy low secondary jungle .
Ecology
Vocalization
Generally , the song will start with a 1-3 note “ to ( to to ) ” then 3-4 even-pitched “ tau-tau-tau ” . The different subspecies might have a slightly different song ; the male song of H. o. stellae a five note kek tau-tau-tau-tau-tau with a repeated harsh kek-kek '' .
Diet
The species is insectivorous . When foraging , the orange-breasted trogon uses the “ sally-stall ” technique . This consists of pursuing the prey from a perch and then momentarily stalling in front of it with a fluttering motion before seizing it . It can forage from a height of 4.3-13.7 m , most commonly at about 9.5 m. Diet items comprise various arthropods : Phasmatodea , Orthoptera and Lepidoptera larvae .
Reproduction
The period of breeding is different between the different subspecies but on average lasts 2-3 months between January and May . The nest is created by excavating a shallow cavity in the side or on top of a rotten stumps or dead tree limb on an otherwise healthy tree . This is a joint effort from both male and female , where they work in rotation ; when one is excavating , the other is perched nearby .
The female lays a clutch of 2-3 eggs . Responsibility of incubation is alternated with the male ; males tend to incubate during the day and females overnight . The incubation period lasts around 17-18 days . Eggs are smooth with an oval shape and colored dirty ivory or pale olive , with no markings .
The nestling period is around 12-14 days . Male plays more dominant role in provisioning nestlings than the females ; in many cases the male passes food to the female before it is given to the nestlings , rather than feeding them directly .
The species breeds outside the peak availability period for its food items , which is 4-5 months earlier . This may be due to avoidance of the breeding period of the larger red-headed trogon , which competes with the organge-breasted trogon for food .
Conservation
The orange-breasted trogon is classified as Least Concern by the IUNC , however population sizes are decreasing . The species is mostly present in protected areas throughout its range . Current research into the causes of decline is lacking .
References
External links
https : //birdsoftheworld.org/bow/species/orbtro2/cur/introduction- Cornell lab of Ornithology
https : //ebird.org/species/orbtro2-Ebird
orange-breasted trogon
Birds of Southeast Asia
orange-breasted trogon
Commingled Containers is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage , produced in 1997 .
Production
In the several years preceding 1997 , Brakhage had , for financial reasons , moved away from photography and produced most of their work by painting directly onto celluloid . In 1997 , Brakhage was diagnosed with bladder cancer . Just prior to exploratory surgery , Brakhage purchased a Bolex camera , which they used to produce Commingled Containers , described as a `` last testament '' of sorts . They immersed their camera into the waters of Boulder Creek , Colorado to capture the patterns created by the friction between water and rock .
Reception
Commingled Containers is often interpreted in light of Brakhage 's health problems at the time , and is considered to represent the director 's own spiritual quest . Scott MacDonald describes the film as `` a talisman that expresses Brakhage 's determination to continue their spiritual quest and to offer viewers something of Light , despite their fear of mortality , for as long as it was given to them to remain in the flow of life . '' R. Bruce Elder wrote that Commingled Containers , unlike most of Brakhage 's work , `` remains a nearly organic ( or biomorphic ) abstraction across its entire length . ''
References
External links
1997 short films
1997 films
American silent short films
Films directed by Stan Brakhage
Silent films in color
1990s American films
Time Vindicated to Himself and to their Honours was a late Jacobean era masque , written by Ben Jonson and with costumes , sets , and stage effects designed by Inigo Jones . James 's son and heir Prince Charles led the dances of the principal masquers , as they had in several previous masques at the Stuart Court .
Originally scheduled for Twelfth Night in 1623 , its performance was delayed by an illness of the King , James I ; the masque was staged on Sunday 19 January , in the Banqueting House at Whitehall Palace . ( Coincidentally , Jonson 's play The Alchemist had been staged at Court on 1 January . )
The sets
Jones 's elaborate stage set featured a double change of scenery : the first set was a perspective scene of Whitehall itself , which prominently featured Jones 's recently completed Banqueting House – a sort of self-advertisement on the part of the architect . That scene changed to a cloudscape that contained the principal masquers , which in turn yielded to a forest setting .
The show
Jonson 's text has an unusual cast , even by the standards of the masque form . It opens with the entrance of a personified Fame , accompanied by `` the Curious '' – who are three , `` the Eyed , the Eared , and the Nosed . '' These three personifications of the sense organs were apparently costumed with multiple iterations of their specific parts ; in one of their ( or its ? ) speeches , the Eyed refers to their ( or its ) four eyes . Their conversation on the nature of Fame and Time is broken in upon by Chronomastix , a satyr with a whip or scourge . The main topic of this scene is the climate of political scandalmongering , satire , and libel that was considered epidemic at the time .
Two anti-masques ensue ; the first is of `` Mutes , '' in which the Curious adore Chronomastix and carry them out like a hero ( though Fame sits out the dance ) ; and the second is a dance of jugglers and tumblers who are ushered in by the Cat with the fiddle ( from the Hey-diddle-diddle nursery rhyme ) . Once the tomfoolery is done , the serious portion of the masque begins : Saturn , the god of time , and Venus are shown with their votaries , followed by Cupid , Diana , and Hippolytus . The masquers are revealed , and they descend from their cloud and dance , performing `` braules , corantos , and galliards . ''
Jonson vs. Jones
Though Jonson expressed the appropriate establishmentarian disapproval of libel and scandal and political pamphleteering , the mere fact that they broached this increasingly delicate subject was questioned ; the masque was not well received by its courtly audience . ( British popular culture was then moving into a stage of increasingly aggressive religious and political controversy , especially involving Puritan commentators like William Prynne , who were deeply hostile to the reigning monarchy and the dominant social order . )
Jonson also earned disapproval for parodying the then-significant , now-forgotten poet George Wither in the figure of Chronomastix . Wither enjoyed the patronage of both the King and the Lord Chamberlain , the Earl of Pembroke . A little more than a month after the staging of Time Vindicated , James consoled Wither by granting them and their heirs a 51-year patent ( or copyright ) on their Hymns and Songs of the Church , a translation of Biblical lyrics for musical settings by Orlando Gibbons , and potentially a very lucrative work .
Conversely , Jones 's share in the masque was praised and highly regarded , according to a contemporary : `` They say it was performed reasonably well both for the device , and for the handsome conveyance and variety of the scene whereof Inigo Jones hath the whole commendation . '' This second-hand report is somewhat countered by the more exacting eye-witness verdict of the Venetian ambassador , who judged it `` a spectacle of some pomp and beauty but not attaining the royal standard of excellence . ''
Publication
The text of Time Vindicated was published in quarto in 1623 , soon after its performance , as was not uncommon with the Court masques of the era . The text was reprinted in the second folio collection of Jonson 's works in 1641 , and thereafter was included in the collected editions of the poet 's works . Unusually , the masque was reprinted in a separate octavo edition in 1756 .
References
Masques by Ben Jonson
English Renaissance plays
1623 plays
John Palsgrave Wyllys ( 1754-1790 ) was a United States Army officer from Connecticut . Wyllys was the son of George Wyllys and Mary Woodbridge , and the youngest brother of Samuel Wyllys . They graduated from Yale College with Nathan Hale .
Wyllys began their American Revolutionary War service during the Siege of Boston . Wyllys was captured by the British during the retreat from New York . They were released the following year , and promoted to Captain in the 9th Connecticut Regiment . They also participated in the Saratoga campaign of 1777 . They were promoted to Major in 1780 , while serving in Webb 's Additional Continental Regiment . During the Yorktown campaign , they commanded the 3rd Connecticut Regiment under General Lafayette .
Wyllys married Jerusha Talcott . They had one child , who died an infant in 1783 . Jerusha died a week later .
Wyllys joined the First American Regiment in 1785 . They took part in the Harmar campaign of 1790 , and was in command of the combined U.S. regular and militia force in the climactic Battle of Kekionga on 22 October 1790 . Their plan to take the Native American town was foiled when Native American decoys drew away their militia support . After Wyllys and their 60 regulars crossed the St. Joseph River , they were ambushed in an open field . Wyllys died in battle . A non-commissioned officer of the regiment reported seeing a Native American flaunting Wyllys ' large hat .
A street in Fort Wayne , Indiana is named for him .
References
External links
American people of the Northwest Indian War
Continental Army officers from Connecticut
Yale College alumni
American military personnel killed in the Northwest Indian War
1754 births
1790 deaths
Zenas Work Bliss ( January 10 , 1867 – January 10 , 1957 ) served as Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island from 1910 until 1913 under Governor Aram J. Pothier .
Early life
Bliss was born in Johnston , Rhode Island on January 10 , 1867 . They were the son of Medal of Honor recipient Major General Zenas Bliss and their wife , Martha Nancy ( Work ) Bliss . They graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1889 .
Career
Bliss pursued a career in real estate and lived at 238 Armington Street in the Edgewood neighborhood of Cranston , Rhode Island . They were married on October 26 , 1892 to Lydia Collins Kelly ( 1869-1950 ) .
Bliss was elected as a Republican to the Rhode Island House of Representatives in 1902 and served from 1903 to 1909 . They were chairperson of the House Finance Committee from 1904 to 1909 . In 1909 they were elected Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island and served from 1910 to 1913 under Governor Aram J. Pothier . They then served as chairperson of the Rhode Island State Tax Commission from 1912 to 1935 .
Memberships
They were a Unitarian and was a member of the American Economic Association , American Political Science Association and the Freemasons . They were also a hereditary companion of the Loyal Legion by right of their father 's service as an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Honors
They received an honorary Master of Arts ( AM ) from Brown University in 1916 and an honorary Doctor of Science ( D . Sc . ) from Rhode Island State College in 1919 . Bliss Hall housing the College of Engineering at the University of Rhode Island was named in honor of Bliss
Death
Lieutenant Governor Bliss died in Cranston on their 90th birthday , January 10 , 1957 . They were interred at Swan Point Cemetery in Providence , Rhode Island . A widower , they were survived by their son , Brown University professor and provost Zenas Randall Bliss II ( 1898-1993 ) .
Sources
Who Was Who in America . Volume III . 1951 - 1960 . ( pg . 83 )
References
1867 births
1957 deaths
American Unitarians
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Politicians from Cranston , Rhode Island
People from Johnston , Rhode Island
Rhode Island Republicans
Burials at Swan Point Cemetery
Kakar is a village in Kankrej Taluka of Banaskantha district in Gujarat , India .
History
Kakar was the ancient capital of Kankrej region . It is said that the town was known as Kankavati . It was under Palanpur Agency of Bombay Presidency , which in 1925 became the Banas Kantha Agency . After Independence of India in 1947 , Bombay Presidency was reorganized in Bombay State . When Gujarat state was formed in 1960 from Bombay State , it fell under Banaskantha district of Gujarat .
Places of interest
The village has a Jain temple whose few remaining marble carvings are said to show traces of Greek art . Where entire temples are found ,
the architecture corresponds with the Chalukya and Jain styles . The relief carving is peculiarly spirited and equals the art remains at Sidhpur , Patan and Modhera . The male and female figures have a peculiar head dress and the men have generally boots curiously like what are called Hessians .
References
Notes
Bibliography
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain :
Villages in Banaskantha district
Westminster-Dewdney was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of British Columbia from 1894 to 1898 . It and its sister ridings Westminster-Delta , Westminster-Chilliwhack and Westminster-Richmond were successors to the old four-member Westminster riding , which appeared in 1890 only and was a subdivision of the older New Westminster riding . Westminster-Dewdney was succeeded by the Dewdney riding in the election of 1903 . This area is currently part of the Maple Ridge-Mission riding , with its former eastern portions now in Chilliwack-Kent ( Dewdney had included Agassiz and Harrison Hot Springs in its first incarnation ) .
Electoral history
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Total valid votes
! align= '' right '' |551
! align= '' right '' |100.00 %
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Turnout
! align= '' right '' | %
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
| }
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Total valid votes
! align= '' right '' |455
! align= '' right '' |100.00 %
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Turnout
! align= '' right '' | %
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=7|1 16th Premier of British Columbia
| }
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Total valid votes
! align= '' right '' |623
! align= '' right '' |100.00 %
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Total rejected ballots
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
|- bgcolor= '' white ''
! align= '' right '' colspan=3|Turnout
! align= '' right '' | %
! align= '' right '' |
! align= '' right '' |
| }
In the large redistribution in advance of the 1903 election , which provided the basis for the modern system of ridings until the 1990s , the Westminster-Dewdney riding was adjusted slightly and renamed Dewdney , which lasted until the general election of 1986 .
References
Elections BC historical returns
Former provincial electoral districts of British Columbia
10th Regiment may refer to :
10th Field Regiment Royal Artillery
10th ( R/Fus ) Medium Regiment Royal Artillery 1942–1946 , from 16th Battalion Royal Fusiliers ( City of London Regt )
2/10th Armoured Regiment ( Australia ) , a unit of the Australian Army
2nd/10th Medium Regiment , Royal Australian Artillery , a unit of the Australian Army
10th Light Horse Regiment ( Australia ) , a unit of the Australian Army
10th Malay Regiment , an irregular formation which opposed the British occupation of Malaysia
10th ( North Lincoln ) Regiment of Foot , a unit of the British Army
10th Royal Hussars , a unit of the British Army
10th Royal Tank Regiment , a unit of the British Army
10th Regiment ( Denmark ) , an infantry unit of the Danish Army 1951–1961
10th Infantry Regiment ( United States ) , a unit of the United States Army
10th Cavalry Regiment ( United States ) , a unit of the United States Army
10th Marine Regiment ( United States ) , a unit of the United States Marine Corps
American Revolutionary War regiments
10th Massachusetts Regiment
10th North Carolina Regiment
10th Pennsylvania Regiment
10th Virginia Regiment
American Civil War regiments
Confederate ( Southern ) Army regiments
10th Regiment Alabama Infantry
10th Georgia Regiment
Union ( Northern ) Army regiments
10th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment ( 3 Year )
10th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment ( 3 Months )
10th Illinois Volunteer Cavalry Regiment
10th Iowa Volunteer Infantry Regiment
10th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment
10th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry
10th Michigan Volunteer Infantry Regiment
10th Michigan Volunteer Cavalry Regiment
10th Minnesota Volunteer Infantry Regiment
10th New Hampshire Volunteer Regiment
10th Vermont Infantry Regiment
10th West Virginia Volunteer Infantry Regiment
10th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment
See also
Tenth Army ( disambiguation )
X Corps ( disambiguation )
10th Division ( disambiguation )
10th Brigade ( disambiguation )
10th Group ( disambiguation )
10 Squadron ( disambiguation )
Taconic Biosciences is a private biotechnology company specializing in genetically engineered mouse and rat models , microbiome , immuno-oncology mouse models , and integrated model design and breeding services . The company was founded in 1952 as Taconic Farms . The company has three service laboratories and six breeding facilities in the U.S. and Europe , and is headquartered in Rensselaer , New York .
Company overview
Taconic Biosciences is a breeder and supplier of laboratory animals operating in over 50 countries . The current CEO is Nancy J. Sandy . As of 2016 , the company has over 800 employees and 1300 customers .
They produce selectively bred and genetically engineered mice and rats for research use .
History
1949 – Robert Phelan began shipping mice from their garage in Canajoharie , NY .
1952 – Taconic Farms is officially founded in Germantown , NY .
1955 – Robert dies , leaving the company to their wife , Sally , and sons , Joseph , Richard , and Samuel .
1963 – Contracted to provide BDF1 mice for the National Cancer Institute .
1969 – Began offering rats , including Sprague Dawley , one of the most popular breeds of laboratory rat
1969 – Taconic was the first breeder to receive full accreditation from the American Association for the Accreditation of Laboratory Animals
1970 – Contracted to provide the National Institutes of Health with Sprague Dawley rats . They continue to supply NCI with BDF1 mice .
1975 – Began offering the SHR hypertensive rat and the WKY control strain .
1980 – Taconic developed the first Isolated Barrier Unit system , a method of housing rodents in a pathogen-free environment .
1982 – Began offering Fischer 344 rats and asthmatic rats from Merck-Frost , Montreal , to the product offerings .
1985 – Contracted to supply MPF and germ-free animals for the NASA space shuttle missions .
1985 – Started producing BALB/c mice .
1991 – Became the first commercial provider of the C.B-17 SCID mouse model .
1994 – Contracted with National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Disease to maintain a repository of inbred , congenic , and transgenic mice .
2002 – Expanded business to Europe
2014 – Name changed from Taconic Farms to Taconic Biosciences
2019 – Acquired by H.I.G . Capital
Acquisitions
In 2001 , the company announced it acquired Anmed Laboratories .
In 2002 , Taconic announced it acquired M & B Breeding ( Denmark ) .
In December 2009 , the company announced it acquired Xenogen Biosciences .
References
Biotechnology companies of the United States
Trần Thị Minh Tuyết ( born 15 October 1976 in Ho Chi Minh City ) better known as Minh Tuyết , is a Vietnamese-American pop singer , currently performing on Thúy Nga 's Paris by Night . Them sisters are Cẩm Ly and Hà Phương who perform with them as part of the cast of Paris by Night . They are known in the Vietnamese American culture as the Vietnamese Pop Princess . Them real name is Trần Thị Minh Tuyết , which in English literally means `` Morning Snow . ''
Early life
Born on 15 October 1976 in a family of four sisters and two brothers , Minh Tuyết had a passion for music early in their childhood . They started to perform in public when little . Them father is a music enthusiast who also wrote their own songs primarily as a hobby . Two of Minh Tuyết 's elder sisters are singers Cẩm Ly and Hà Phương .
Minh Tuyết started their professional career at the age of 17 when they first appeared on the music stage at Trong Dong in Saigon . With a strong passion for singing , Minh Tuyết was determined to follow their sister Cẩm Ly 's footsteps and pursue a career in singing . Initially , their parents had not approved their wishes fearing that they would not be able to handle a life in the public eye , but they later gave permission .
Minh Tuyết signed a music contract with Tinh Music and featured their first video with the company series number 3 . Them first song , `` Em Van Doi Anh '' , drew more attention with the Vietnamese audience . In many years with Tinh Music , Minh Tuyết released numerous hits from Lang Thang , Quán Vắng Một Mình , Bờ Bến Lạ , Mai La Nguoi Den Sau , etc . Despite their success , the company decided to release a solo video containing the only voice of Minh Tuyết with `` Ve Cuoi Duong Tinh '' in DVD , VHS , and CD formats .
In mid-2002 , Minh Tuyết was touring with host of Paris by Night Nguyen Ngoc Ngan in Australia when their voice captured their attention . Ngoc Ngan reached to the producers of Thúy Nga Productions and introduced them into the company . At the time , Minh Tuyết finished their long-term contract with Tinh Music and decided to sign with Thúy Nga . Them first performance with the company was in Paris , France for Paris by Night 65 .
Social media
Minh Tuyết 's social media includes a Facebook page and a YouTube channel .
2018–present
Quê hương , tình yêu & tuỏ̂i trẻ . 17 - Tình Music MTV in Thailand
Tinh Ta Thiet Tha - Johnny Dung , Minh Tuyet
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 16 - Music Video , Live Show
Que Toi - Minh Tuyết
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 15 - Seoul , beautiful days
Nguoi Ve Cuoi Pho - Minh Tuyết
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 14 - Memories of Shanghai
Dau Tinh Da Xa - Minh Tuyết
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 13
MC : Orchid Lam Quynh , Kevin Khoa , Don Ho , Ha Vy , Huy Vu
Lien Khuc Tophits 2 - Minh Tuyết , Hạ Vy , Vina Uyên Mỹ , Gia Linh , Tú Quyen , Thúy Vân , Huy Vũ , Gia Huy , Phillip Huy , Tuan Hưng , Kevin Khoa , Minh Chanh
Sao Anh Ra Di - Minh Tuyết
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 12
MC : Minh Nhi , Phi Nhung , Ha Vy , Tuong Nguyen
Lien Khuc Cha Cha Cha - Minh Tuyet , Hạ Vy , Vina Uyen My , Rebecca Quynh Giao , Cat Ly , Huy Vu , Minh Chanh , Dan Phuong , Tien Dung , Tuan Hai
Dau Co Muon Mang - Minh Tuyet
Da Xa Cuoc Tinh - Minh Tuyet , Cam Ly
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 11
MC : Nguyẽ̂n Dương
Lien Khuc : Tophits - Minh Tuyết , Tâm Đoan , Hạ Vy , Diễm Liên , Thanh Truc , Rebecca Quynh Giao , Vina Uyên Mỹ , La Sương Sương , Huy Vũ , Tiên Dũng , Minh Chanh , Nhật Trung , Johnny Dũng
Mai La Nguoi Den Sau - Minh Tuyết
Lien Khuc : Dan Ca - Hạ Vy , Tâm Đoan , Minh Tuyết
Huong Ruou Tinh Nong - Minh Tuyết , Huy Vũ
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 10
MC : Nguyễn Dương
Liên khúc : tình - Minh Tuyết , Hạ Vy , Tú Quyên , Diễm Liên , Thành Trực , Huy Vũ , Hoài Vũ , Duy Linh , Johnny Dũng
Muộn màng - Minh Tuyết
Mưa buò̂n - Minh Tuyết , Huy Vũ
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 9
Bờ bé̂n lạ - Minh Tuyết
Né̂u phôi pha ngày mai - Minh Tuyết , Huy Vũ
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 8
Kiep Ca Sau - Minh Tuyết , Huy Vũ
Ta Chang Con Ai - Minh Tuyết
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 7
MC : Quynh Huong , Anh Dũng
Lang thang - Minh Tuyết
Em vè̂ tinh khôi - Minh Tuyết , Johnny Dũng
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 6 - Happy Y2K
HAPPY Y2K - Hạ Vy , Minh Tuyết , Tú Quyên , Diễm Liên , Lưu Mỹ Linh , Johnny Dũng , Nhật Quân , Tuấn Thông
MẮT BUỒN - Minh Tuyết
ANH HÙNG XẠ ĐIỆU - Johnny Dũng , Minh Tuyết
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 5
CÀ PHÊ MỘT MÌNH - Minh Tuyết
MỘT THỜI ĐÃ XA - Johnny Dũng , Minh Tuyết
Liên Khúc VÀO HẠ & SHA-LA-LA - Johnny Dũng , Huy Vũ , Hạ Vy , Minh Tuyết , Tú Quyên , Lưu Mỹ Linh
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 4
TÌNH XUÂN - Hạ Vy , Minh Tuyết , Tú Quyên , Lưu Mỹ Linh , Johnny Dũng , Khánh Hoàng , Bảo Huy , Tuấn Thông
CHIỀU XUÂN - Minh Tuyết
TRÁI TIM KHÔNG NGỦ YÊN - Johnny Dũng , Minh Tuyết
Que Huong Tinh Yeu & Tuoi Tre 3
EM VẪN ĐỢI ANH - Minh Tuyết
Tinh Music Productions
Solo albums
Yeu Nhau Ghet Nhau ( First solo studio album in US )
Cho Em Mot Ngay
Lang Thang
Va Em Con Mai Yeu Anh
Mat Buon
Tro Ve Pho Cu
Bo Ben La
Muon Mang , Goc Pho Buon
Mai La Nguoi Den Sau
Ve Cuoi Duong Tinh
Sao Anh Ra Di ?
The Best of Minh Tuyet from Tinh Music
Duets albums
Trai Tim Khong Ngu Yen ( Duets with Johnny Dung )
Tinh Yeu Muon Thuo ( Duets with Johnny Dung )
Tinh Don Phuong ( Duets with Huy Vu )
Chan Tinh ( Duets with Huy Vu )
Trio albums
Lien Khuc Tinh ( with Tu Quyen & Johnny Dung )
The Best of Minh Tuyet Song Ca ( with Johnny Dung & Huy Vu )
Tinh Chua Den , Tinh Da Voi Bay ( with Huy Vu & Thuy Khanh )
DVD
Minh Tuyet MTV DVD 1 : Ve Cuoi Duong Tinh
Thúy Nga Productions
Solo albums
Làm Sao Anh Biết ( TNCD300 ) , 2003
Ngày Xưa Anh Hỡi ( TNCD325 ) , 2004
Ðóa Hồng Ðẫm Máu ( TNCD348 ) , 2005
Yêu Một Người Sống Bên Một Người ( TNCD402 ) , 2007
Đã Không Còn Hối Tiếc ( TNCD448 ) , 2009
Yêu Không Nuối Tiếc ( TNCD499 ) , 2011
Một Đời Em Đã Yêu ( TNCD519 ) , 2013
Anh Muốn Em Sống Sao ( TNCD545 ) , 2014
Duet albums
Bởi Vì Anh Yêu Em with Bằng Kiều ( TNCD372 ) , 2006
Một Lần Nữa Xin Có Nhau with Bằng Kiều ( TNCD449 ) , 2010
Xin Lỗi Anh - Best Of Duets ( TNCD480 ) , 2010
Lâu Đài Tình Ái with Bằng Kiều ( TNCD537 ) , 2014
DVDs
Mơ Những Ngày Nắng Lên - Video Nhạc & Karaoke ( TNDVDKARAMT01 ) , 2005
Đã Không Yêu Thì Thôi - The Best Of Minh Tuyết - Karaoke & Music Video ( TNDVDKARMT ) , 2007
Yêu Một Người Sống Bên Một Người - Music Video & Karaoke - Volume 2 ( TNDVDKARMT ) , 2008
Ca Nhạc Phim Truyện - Tôi Mơ ! Tình Anh ... Tình Em ( TNDVDMT ) , 2010
Minh Tuyết Live Show - Kỷ Niệm 10 Năm Trình Diễn ( MTDVD001 ) , 2011
Anh Muốn Em Sống Sao - The Best of Minh Tuyết 3 - Karaoke ( MTDVD3 ) , 2015
References
External links
Miratunes bio
Singer Minh Tuyet dreams big in Little Saigon , Los Angeles Times , May 10 , 2008
Minh Tuyết Bio
Minh Tuyết thấy may mắn vì được yêu thương
Chris Boulous ( September 5 , 2018 ) ‘ I will be performing my fan favourites ' | Pop Princess looks forward to Moon Festival
Minh Tuyet Fans
Archived version of artist 's English language site . The domain no longer belongs to the artist .
1976 births
Living people
People from Ho Chi Minh City
American people of Vietnamese descent
Singers of Vietnamese descent
Chhededaha ( ) is a newly formed rural municipality in Bajura District in the Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal . It was formed in March , 2017 in line with the Constitution of Nepal 2015 as per the requirement of Ministry of Federal Affairs and General Administration . The name of this municipality is originated after the name famous taal of this area Chhededha Taal .
History
It is formed by merging previous VDCs named Kanda , Jayabageshwari , Gudukhati , Atichaur and Dogadi .
Chhededaha Rural Municipality has an area of and the population of this municipality is 18,575 . It is the biggest rural municipality in terms of population and fourth biggest on the basis of area . It is divided into seven wards and the headquarters of this newly formed rural municipality is at Dogadi .
References
Rural municipalities in Bajura District
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Trey Britton ( born June 1 , 1989 ) is an American professional basketball player .
Professional career
They started their career with Aanekosken Huima , in the Finnish second division in 2011–12 .
In the 2013–14 season , they played in the Japanese bj league with Gunma CraneThunders .
In the 2014–15 season , Britton was a member of Omonia . Britton was the leading rebounder of the Cypriotic League , averaging 10.2 rebounds per game .
The Basketball Tournament
In 2017 , Britton participated in The Basketball Tournament for team Showtime . The team was eliminated in the first round . The Basketball Tournament is an annual $ 2 million winner-take-all tournament broadcast on ESPN .
References
External links
RealGM profile
1989 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
American expatriate basketball people in Finland
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Georgia ( country )
American expatriate basketball people in Japan
American men 's basketball players
Anderson Trojans men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Georgia ( U.S. state )
Centers ( basketball )
Gunma Crane Thunders players
People from Alpharetta , Georgia
Sportspeople from Fulton County , Georgia
UJAP Quimper 29 players
The MK14 ( Microcomputer Kit 14 ) was a computer kit sold by Science of Cambridge of the United Kingdom , first introduced in 1977 for £39.95 . The price was very low for a complete computer system at the time , and Science of Cambridge eventually sold over fifteen thousand kits .
History
In 1977 , Ian Williamson approached Clive Sinclair and Chris Curry with a computer design based around the National Semiconductor SC/MP processor . Sinclair and Curry both liked the idea and saw the potential of making a low-cost microprocessor system available to the hobbyist market . Initially it was planned to market a kit based on the Williamson design . However , after National Semiconductor had been contacted regarding a bulk purchase of the SC/MP processor Sinclair and Curry decided to use the chip manufacturer 's own design . This design used all National Semiconductor chips and the company allowed the use of its designs , the SC/MP Introkit and Keyboard Kit , for free . The National Semiconductor SCMPKB Monitor code was included .
To keep costs low a membrane keypad was used . The size of the initial batch was two thousand . The company sold between fifteen and fifty thousand in total .
Specification
The computer is based around National Semiconductor 's SC/MP CPU ( INS8060 ) and shipped with 256 bytes of random access memory ( RAM ) and 512 bytes of read only memory ( ROM ) as standard . It used an eight or nine red light-emitting diode ( LED ) seven segment display , there was also optional VDU supporting 32×16 text or 64×64 graphics . Input and output was a 20-key keyboard and reset switch . Cassette-based and PROM storage were optional extras ; a sound card was not included but a design for one was provided .
The on-board RAM could be increased in two ways ; by the addition of an INS8154N RAM/IO chip providing an additional 128 bytes of RAM along with 16 I/O lines , and also a further 256 bytes by adding two 256 × 4 bit RAM chips giving a maximum of 640 bytes on board . These memory spaces were not contiguous in the memory map . It was possible to connect off-board RAM giving a 2170 bytes total .
The MK14 could address up to 64 KB of memory space by adding a few chips ( the NADS address strobe indicated when the most significant four bits of address were available to be captured by an external latch ) ; many pioneering homebrew computer magazines such as Personal Computer World , and Practical Electronics carried details of user modifications .
See also
Microprocessor development board
Notes
External links
Old-computers.com dedicated page , article , pictures , documents and videos
MK14 manual
The Sinclair / Science of Cambridge MK14 Web Site , includes emulator software
Making a reproduction MK14 – includes original manuals/schematics
Notes and links
MK14 emulation in JavaScript
Computer-related introductions in 1977
Home computers
Single-board computers
Early microcomputers
Leon Karp ( 1903-1951 ) was an American artist .
Biography
Karp was born in Brooklyn , New York in 1903 . They attended the Pennsylvania Museum School of Industrial Art and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts . They were also associated with the Atelier 17 printmaking studio . Karp died on August 3 , 1951 in New York at the age of 47 .
Karp 's work is included in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art , the Museum of Modern Art , the National Gallery of Art , and the Smithsonian American Art Museum .
References
External links
images of Karp 's work on Invaluable
images of Karp 's work on MutualArt
1903 births
1951 deaths
20th-century American artists
Atelier 17 alumni
Thane Alvin Gash ( born September 1 , 1965 ) is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the Cleveland Browns and two seasons for the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League . They had their best season in 1989 , when they intercepted three passes and returned two of those for touchdowns .
References
1965 births
Living people
People from Hendersonville , North Carolina
Players of American football from North Carolina
African-American players of American football
American football safeties
East Tennessee State Buccaneers football players
Cleveland Browns players
San Francisco 49ers players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Rafael `` Rafo '' Rodríguez González is a Puerto Rican politician from the New Progressive Party ( PNP ) . They served as member of the 20th Senate of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 1997 .
Rodríguez was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in the 1992 general election . They represented the District of Mayagüez .
See also
21st Senate of Puerto Rico
References
Living people
Members of the Senate of Puerto Rico
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Misztal is a Polish surname , and it may refer to :
Franciszek Misztal ( 1901 , in Lisie Jamy 1981 ) , a Polish aeronautical engineer
( born 1936 , in ) , Polish priest and professor
( born 1946 ) , Polish sociologist , professor of the Warsaw University
( 1950 , in Męciszów 2006 ) , Polish professor of pharmaceutical sciences at the Medical University of Lublin
( born 1953 , in Hrubieszów ) , Polish politician , doctor , deputy to the Polish Parliament
Piotr Misztal ( born 1965 , in Łódź ) , a Polish business person and politician
Piotr Misztal ( born 1987 , [ ? ] ) , a Polish footballer
Miśtal
Grzegorz Miśtal ( born 1973 , Kraków ) , Polish movie- , TV- and theater actor
References
Amanda Smock ( née Thieschafer , born July 27 , 1982 ) is an American triple jumper who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics . In college , they were a three-time NCAA Division II track and field champion . They won the triple jump events at the United States Outdoor Championships in 2011 and 2012 , and at the Indoor Championships in 2011 .
Early life
Smock was born Amanda Thieschafer on July 27 , 1982 , to parents Beth and Glen Thieschafer . They grew up in a small town in rural Minnesota - Melrose , Minnesota , where they began competing in gymnastics at age 4 . `` There was this movie called Nadia after Nadia Comaneci , and I must have watched that thing 1,000 times , '' Smock later remarked . `` I definitely was going to be an Olympic gymnast . '' Although their father was a gymnastics coach , eventually they realized they were better suited for track and field , giving up on gymnastics as a teenager . In high school , they excelled at long jump , pole vault , triple jump , and sprinting events . Smock graduated from Melrose High School in 2000 . They attended North Dakota State University for college on an athletic scholarship , graduating in 2004 . In college , they were a three-time NCAA Division II triple jump champion .
Athletic career
Smock qualified for the 2008 Olympic Track and Field Trials , but finished fifth and failed to make the Olympic team . After the meet , their father took their credential and replaced the `` 2008 '' with `` 2012 . '' They died shortly after the Trials , but Smock placed the credential where they would see it daily as a form of motivation .
In 2011 , Smock placed first in the triple jump at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships with a jump of . However , their jump was just short of the B standard needed to participate in the World Championships . A few days before the American team was announced , they jumped a new personal best of , allowing them to compete at Worlds . They failed to make the final at the World Championships , finishing 31st of 34 competitors . At the 2011 Indoor Championships , they finished second in the triple jump with a distance of .
In 2012 , they won the indoor championship with a distance of , qualifying them for the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships . At Worlds , they finished 26th of 30 competitors . At the Olympic Trials , which also served as the National Championships , they won the event with a jump of and qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London . At the games , they failed to advance out of the qualifying round of competition . Them best of three attempts was , well short of the necessary to advance . Of their performance , they remarked `` To be here at the Olympic Games is awesome , and I think with each passing year this is going to mean more and more , and the performance will kind of fade away . '' They were the lone female triple jump representative for the United States at the games . Smock said they would continue to compete for another year at least , but said it was unlikely they would try for another Olympics .
In 2014 , Smock won the 2014 USA Indoor Track and Field Championships Triple Jump in 13.81 m ( 45 ft 31⁄2 in ) but failed to qualify to the 2014 IAAF World Indoor Championships – Women 's triple jump . However , in 2015 , they again took the indoor national title in the women 's triple jump for the fourth consecutive season , beating their own personal best with a jump of . Amanda finished 5th with a jump of in triple jump at 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Personal life
Amanda Smock has been married to former college teammate Greg Smock since 2009 . They are part of the New York Athletic Club Track Team and is sponsored by Asics . Amanda has worked as a partner at a small business specializing in corporate wellness programs . They consider themselves blessed to not have to try to balance work and training . They celebrated their 30th birthday on July 27 , the opening day of the Olympic Games in 2012 .
Smock is also a coach for Macalester College 's track and field team , coaching long jump and triple jump .
References
External links
Blog following Amanda 's Olympic journey by their mother , Beth Thieschafer
1982 births
Living people
American female triple jumpers
People from Melrose , Minnesota
Sportspeople from Minnesota
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships winners
21st-century American women
The Third Washington Conference ( codenamed Trident ) was held in Washington , D.C from May 12 to May 25 , 1943 . It was a World War II strategic meeting between the heads of government of the United Kingdom and the United States . It was the third conference of the 20th century ( 1941 , 1942 , 1943 ) , but the second conference that took place during the US involvement in the Second World War . The delegations were headed by Winston Churchill and Franklin D. Roosevelt , respectively .
The plans for the Allied invasion of Sicily , extent of military force , the date for invading Normandy , and the progress of the Pacific War were discussed .
Meetings
Churchill and Roosevelt met every two days in the White House , and the British and American military leaders met almost daily in the Board of Governors Room at the Federal Reserve Building .
Topics of discussion and agreements
Churchill opened the discussion with ideas , which were discussed in an open manner between the two countries . The main topics that were discussed were the Italian Campaign , the amount of military force that should be used , the Normandy landings , and how to help China in the Pacific War . Churchill felt that the extent of the operations and their priority could be solved by mutual agreement , and consensus was reached on all issues .
The Italian campaign
The first topic discussed was the war in Italy . Churchill persuaded the American leaders to endorse the Allied invasion of Sicily . They believed that the fighting in Italy would distract the German troops from the Eastern Front so that Russia would be given breathing room since the Germans would need to send a large number of troops to the Balkans . This would get rid of the Allies ' debt to Russia from Russia 's heavy engagement of German forces in Stalingrad .
Getting Italy out of the war would also help the Allies ' relationship with Turkey . Turkey could no longer compete with Italy in the Mediterranean . Churchill believed that they could ask Turkey for use of their bases for future defense .
Extent of military force
The next objective discussed was the extent of the military force that the Allies should use . Both countries agreed that they should use the greatest amount of military force against the enemy , including armies , air forces and munitions . Unconditional surrender , first mentioned at the Casablanca Conference , was debated again at Trident . Both Trident and Casablanca had competitive atmospheres due to the differing views on unconditional surrender . Roosevelt was persistent against American General Dwight D. Eisenhower and British General Henry Maitland Wilson 's anti-unconditional views of surrender .
Despite these opposing views , after much consideration , the Allies agreed that they wanted to carry the war to Japan . They believed that Germany would be out of the war in 1944 , so they would need to concentrate on defeating Japan in 1945 . The best solution would be involving Russia in the fight against Japan because Stalin had indicated their interest in taking part in Japan 's defeat .
The Normandy landings
The Normandy landings were postponed for 12 months to May 1944 . This was because the US and the UK speculated that they could build up troop strength , produce more landing craft and supplies , and thus ensure complete command of air and sea by doing so . They discussed the difficult beaches with large tides , the large German enemy defenses , the optimal timing to attack , and relevant weather conditions .
The main reason why the Allies wanted to postpone the landings was because of their lack of supplies in 1943 . All the British landing craft had been deployed to Operation Husky , and only one US Division was available due to a higher priority of Operation Sickle in the war .
Aid to China
Lastly , the US and the UK decided what to do in the Pacific War . British Field Marshal Wavell visited Burma and helped brace the Allies for the many obstacles they would face , including :
the thick jungle preventing the use of modern weapons
the monsoons that limited the amount of potential attack time
few options for naval support
Other than air support , there were few alternatives to help China , so efficient planning was necessary . The countries agreed it would be better to by-pass a ground attack in Burma and instead use the element of surprise by air attack , as in Operation Torch . The fleet from Italy was to cover this operation in March 1944 .
Other results
The Trident Conference shows a change in domination over world leadership , as the Americans were influential over other countries . American initiatives received twice the amount of Allied military resources , while Britain had to compromise on several of their requests . In particular , US Army Chief of Staff General George Marshall led this change to increase the role of the Americans in the war effort , which had been previously dominated by Britain .
However , the actions after Sicily still remained unsettled . Churchill wanted an Italian Campaign to follow , but Roosevelt worried that the campaign might delay the strategic plans for recapturing France that had been planned for the following year . According to Max Hastings , Brooke 's reputation as a strategist was `` significantly damaged '' by their remarks at the Trident Conference , where they claimed that no major operations on the continent would be possible until 1945 or 1946 . Brooke 's diary says that they wanted operations in the Mediterranean to force a dispersal of German forces , help Russia , and thus eventually produce a situation where cross Channel operations are possible but that Churchill entirely repudiated ( or half repudiated ) the paper we ( the CCOS ) had agreed on ; Harry Hopkins got them to withdraw their proposed amendments but Churchill had aroused suspicions with their talk of ventures in the Balkans .
Citations
See also
Washington Conference ( disambiguation )
List of World War II conferences
Further reading
List of Principals at Trident Conference
List of WWII Allied Operation Code Names
1943 conferences
1943 in international relations
1943 in Washington , D.C .
United Kingdom–United States relations
World War II conferences
May 1943 events
Samuel Yakovlevich Pokrass ( Самуил Яковлевич Покрасс ) ( 1894 in Kiev – June 15 , 1939 in New York City ) was a Soviet composer of Ukrainian and Jewish origin . In 1920 , during the Russian Civil War , they and the poet P. Grigoryev wrote fighting songs for the Red Army , including `` White Army , Black Baron . '' That song 's melody was used for the song Die Arbeiter von Vienna ( `` The Workers of Vienna '' ) in Red Vienna .
Pokrass later emigrated to the United States , where they worked as a composer in Hollywood from 1934 to 1939 , and was known primarily for the musical film The Three Musketeers .
References
A. V. Shilov , Из истории первых советских песен ( 1917–24 ) , М. , 1963
A. Sokhor , Как начиналась советская музыка , `` МЖ '' , 1967 , No 2 .
External links
Samuel Pokrass in the Russian Wikipedia
1894 births
1939 deaths
Musicians from Kyiv
People from Kievsky Uyezd
Jewish Ukrainian musicians
Jewish composers
Soviet composers
Soviet male composers
20th-century composers
People of the Russian Civil War
Soviet emigrants to the United States
John Haynes may refer to :
John Haynes ( draughtsman ) ( fl . 1730–1750 ) , British draughtsman and engraver
John Haynes ( governor ) ( 1594–1653/54 ) , colonial governor of Massachusetts and Connecticut
John Haynes ( journalist ) ( 1850–1917 ) , Australian journalist and politician
John Haynes , Jr. ( born 1937 ) , family physician , surgeon and community leader of Northwest Louisiana and Northeast Texas
John Carmichael Haynes ( 1831–1888 ) , Irish-born rancher , judge and public servant in British Columbia
John Earl Haynes , American historian
John Henry Haynes ( 1849–1910 ) , American traveller , archaeologist , and photographer
John Randolph Haynes ( 1853–1937 ) , California socialist
John C. Haynes & Co. , American maker of musical instruments ( late 19th century )
Johnny Haynes ( 1934–2005 ) , English footballer
See also
John Haynes Holmes ( 1879–1964 ) , American politician
John Haines ( disambiguation )
John Hanes ( disambiguation )
Platydesmidae is a family of millipede in the order Platydesmida . There are at least 2 genera and more than 30 described species in Platydesmidae .
Genera
These two genera belong to the family Platydesmidae :
Desmethus Chamberlin , 1922
Platydesmus Lucas , 1843
References
Further reading
Platydesmida
Millipedes of North America
Articles created by Qbugbot
Millipede families
Mutaher al-Masri is a Yemeni politician . As of 2011 they are the Minister of the Interior .
Following the anti-government protests in Yemen , President Ali Abdullah Saleh fired all members of the Cabinet of Yemen on March 20 , 2011 . They will remain in function until a new government is formed .
See also
Cabinet of Yemen
References
Yemeni politicians
Living people
Government ministers of Yemen
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Interior ministers of Yemen
Natalia Sergeyevna Shestakova ( ; born 18 October 1988 ) is a Russian former pair skater . With Pavel Lebedev , they are the 2004 World Junior Champion . Earlier , they competed with Maxim Trankov .
Programs
( with Lebedev )
Competitive highlights
( with Lebedev )
References
External links
Navigation
Russian female pair skaters
Sportspeople from Perm , Russia
Living people
1988 births
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Neriene katyae is a species of spider of the genus Neriene . It is endemic to Sri Lanka .
See also
List of Linyphiidae species
References
Linyphiidae
Spiders described in 1969
Spiders of Asia
Arthropods of Sri Lanka
Endemic fauna of Sri Lanka
David Whitehorn Arnott ( 23 June 1915 – 10 March 2004 ) was a British linguist who was Professor of West African Languages at School of Oriental and African Studies . They are known for their works on Fulani and Tiv .
Works
Their works are the following :
Dictionnary of verb roots in Fulfulde dialects
Fula language studies : present position and future prospects
The languages of West Africa
The nominal and verbal system of Fula
The parent and the teacher : a grammatical analysis of a Fula text
Particles in Fula : their behaviour and meanings
Proverbial lore and word-play of the Fulani
See also
Kathleen Arnott
References
1915 births
2004 deaths
Academics of SOAS University of London
Linguists from the United Kingdom
British Africanists
Alumni of SOAS University of London
The Ardjoeno class was a ship class of paddle-steamers of the Royal Netherlands Navy . The class comprised Ardjoeno , Gedeh ( 1850 ) , Amsterdam and Gedeh ( 1874 ) .
Context
The Dutch East Indies
After the Netherlands had regained their independence in 1813 , the United Kingdom returned the former Dutch possessions in nowadays Indonesia and Malaysia . The Netherlands then had to reinstate their authority in the far east , but this was not easy for the small and ruined country . The English were soon encroaching on their territory and founded Singapore in 1819 , causing huge damage to Dutch interests . It was an ultimate consequence of the Dutch not being able to put up a fight against the United Kingdom , but this was not all .
The Dutch had a low measure of actual control of their East Indian possessions . Outside their few centers of power , most of their rule was indirect , via local rulers . Without actual control of more remote parts of the Indonesian archipelago , other states could occupy territory without immediately coming to blows with the Dutch military . In such cases it was doubtful whether the international community would see the invading state as the aggressor . This would be especially the case if a territory was plagued by piracy .
Steamships for the Indies
In the vast area of the Dutch East Indies the Dutch had a surprisingly limited number of ships . On 1 January 1842 these were : The guard ship Van Speijk ( later Medusa ) , The medium frigates Bellona ( 44 ) and Rotterdam ( 28 ) , the corvettes Triton ( 28 ) . Argo ( 32 ) , and Boreas ( 28 ) , the brigs Koerier ( 18 ) , Panter ( 18 ) , Meermin ( 18 ) , Vliegende Visch ( 14 ) , Postillon ( 14 ) and two other brigs , 10 schooners , 5 row-gunboats , the paddle-steamer Phoenix ( 7 ) , and the iron paddle-steamers Banda ( ex-Hekla ) and Etna ( ex-Ternate ) .
On 1 June 1842 RA J.G . Rijk started as director for the navy . What was above all necessary were steamships and small well-sailing vessels . One can imagine that the heavier units of the Dutch fleet could easily defeat pirates , but then they first needed to catch up with the pirates . For the schooners their supremacy over pirate ships was not that obvious . On 5 July 1842 the navy schooner Krokodil was attacked in Bali Strait by 7 pirate ships which tried to board them The attacks were repealed with the loss of four wounded and some damage to the ship .
In 1844 the paddle steamers Bromo and Merapi arrived in the Dutch East Indies . These each had two 22 cm grenade guns and six medium 30-pounder cannon , 220 nominal hp , and displaced 1,367 t. The later influential writer M.H . Jansen was impressed by the Bromo class . They described the ideal type of steamship for the Indies as a 450-550 hp ship , modeled on Bromo , and with suitable arrangements to embark and land troops . They also thought to give these ships high caliber grenade guns ( 60-pounders ) as well as some high caliber Smooth Bore Muzzle Loading cannon ( 36-pounders ) .
While naval minister ( since 18 June 1844 ) Rijk had not ordered the Bromo class , they did order the Ardjoeno class .
Ordering and Construction
Construction
Construction started when on 4 February 1848 Ardjoeno was laid down at the Rijkswerf Amsterdam .
Naming
Adjoeno was named after Arjuno-Welirang , a volcano on Java . Gedeh was named after Mount Gede on Java . Amsterdam was first named Salak , after Mount Salak on Java .
Characteristics of the Ardjoeno class
Design
As regards dimensions , the Ardjoeno class was the biggest steamship built up to that date in the Netherlands . The class was only about 10 % larger than the preceding Bromo class , and might have had the same armament from the start . The real difference was a 36 % increase in engine power .
Armament
When Ardjoeno arrived in Nieuwediep in April 1850 , it had 2 grenade guns of 80 pounds , 4 'grenade guns ' of 30 pounds , and 2 long 'grenade guns ' of 30 pounds . What was probably meant was 2 * 80-pdr grenade guns , 4 medium 30-pdr , 2 long 30-pdr . On 1 January 1869 Ardjoeno and Amsterdam were said to have 2 grenade guns of 80 pounds , and 6 long 30-pounders .
Propulsion
The Ardjoeno class had two engines which combined generated 300 nominal hp . The engines of Ardjoeno were made by Fijenoord , those for Gedeh by Van Vlissingen en Dudok van Heel . On 30 May 1850 Ardjoeno made their first trial run from Nieuwdiep . The machinery was good , but had an unexpectedly high coal consumption . In a headwind Ardjoeno made 9.5 knots , with a tail wind 11 knots . It was noted to be faster than other steamships of the Dutch navy
The class had three masts with a barque sail plan . The second Gedeh is shown on photographs without a mizzen mast .
Construction dates
The fourth ship of the class , HNLMS Gedeh ( 1874 ) , is a special case . During the treatment of the 1871 budget for the East Indies , there was talk about a plan to build a new ship of the Gedeh type in order to re-use the steam engines of Gedeh ( 1850 ) . Critics disapproved the idea , saying that a smaller ship could do the same service , and that the old machinery was very inefficient . Nevertheless , in Surabaya construction of ' a paddle-steamer first class of 300 hp ( type Amsterdam ) ' was started . Later , authorities concluded that the duties of the big paddle-steamers could indeed be done more efficiently by smaller ships , and in May 1873 they decided to finish Gedeh ( 1874 ) as a Guard ship .
References
Notes
External links
Ships of the Royal Netherlands Navy
19th-century_naval_ships_of_the_Netherlands
Ship types
Bone Island ( ) is a tiny island as part of Batticaloa Lagoon among other small islands of Sri Lanka It has no causeway connection to the mainland , it is connected by boat . It uses as resting place by local fishermen , and it has significant attraction of local tourists . J . A . Bone , Asst . Government Agent ( 1833–1837 ) , built a small bungalow in the island . Later , the island called by theirs name .
Picture Gallery
See also
List of islands of Sri Lanka
References
The information in this article is based on that in its Tamil equivalent .
Landforms of Batticaloa District
Landforms of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka
Uninhabited islands of Sri Lanka
Parliamentary elections were held in Niger on 12 January 1995 . The last elections of the Third Republic , they were called following a split in the ruling coalition , but resulted in a government divided between the party of the President and an opposition coalition with a majority in the National Assembly and the post of Prime Minister . The ensuing stalemate was a contributing factor to the coup that overthrew the regime on 27 January 1996 .
Background
The elections were prompted by the fall of the Alliance of the Forces of Change ( AFC ) government , after the Nigerien Party for Democracy and Socialism ( PNDS-Tarayya ) party of Prime Minister Mahamadou Issoufou moved from the ruling coalition into opposition . President Mahamane Ousmane appointed Souley Abdoulaye as Prime Minister , but they resigned on 16 October 1994 after failing to create a new ruling coalition which could stand up to a confidence vote in the Assembly . Ousmane called a new election for the National Assembly .
Results
The electoral landscape remained largely unchanged from the 1993 elections . MNSD-Nassara won a plurality of votes , and with its new parliamentary ally and third-place finisher—the Nigerien Party for Democracy and Socialism—forming a parliamentary bloc of 41 of the 83 seats , opposed to 38 seats held by the remaining AFC coalition members . The addition of three smaller parties added four seats , assuring a majority of 45 .
Aftermath
The new National Assembly resulted in a divided government ( `` cohabitation '' ) with the opposition forming the new ruling coalition , and the MNSD-Nassara 's Hama Amadou becoming Prime Minister . This finally reversed the unstable post-dictatorship alliance of the AFC , which had been based upon keeping the MNSD , the former military government party , out of power . The center-right MNSD and the left PNDS formed an otherwise unlikely alliance based on each 's conflict with the President . The inability of the president and this new government to work together resulted in government gridlock . This was one of the stated reasons for the 27 January 1996 Nigerien coup d'état which brought the military government of Ibrahim Baré Maïnassara to power .
References
Elections in Niger
Niger
1995 in Niger
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Samochód pancerny wz . 34 ( `` armored car , year 1934 model '' ) , was a standard light armored car used by the Polish Army during the September Campaign of 1939 .
Design
The vehicle was based on the earlier half-track samochód pancerny wz . 28 , which entered service in 1928 . The original vehicle proved to be unpopular with its crews who were unhappy with its handling , low maximum speed , as well as poor cross-country capabilities , and it was decided to rebuild it as a wheeled vehicle . The tracks were replaced by the rear axle from Fiat trucks .
The cars were built in a number of versions with different engines and slightly different armored plates . They were armed with either 7.92 mm Ckm wz . 25 Hotchkiss machine gun or the short-barreled 37 mm Puteaux SA 18 gun . Production ended in 1938 .
Versions
Wz . 34 : original version .
Wz . 34-I : version with a 23 hp engine .
Wz 34-II : version with a 25 hp engine and other improvements . Most produced version .
Service
The new version of the armored car was accepted for service in 1935 .
By 1939 , at the outbreak of the Second World War , the car was obsolete but was still in use . All Polish cavalry brigades had organic armored company made of 8 armored cars and 13 tankettes . In 10 out of 11 Polish cavalry brigades , the very armored car , wz.34 , had been used . They saw action against both the Germans and the Soviets .
Some wz . 34 captured by the Germans were handed over to the Independent State of Croatia .
References
External links
Wz.34 armoured car at Polish Armour 1918-1939 website
Armoured cars of the interwar period
World War II armoured fighting vehicles of Poland
Armoured cars of Poland
Military vehicles introduced in the 1930s
Betsy Brannon Green ( born June 1 , 1958 ) is a Latter Day Saint mystery/suspense novelist . They are a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
Biography
Green was born in Salt Lake City , Utah , and grew up moving all over the country , since their father was in the US Army . In 1979 , they married Robert Green , and they currently live in Bessemer , Alabama . They are the parents of eight children . Green 's fiction is inspired by the people of Headland , Alabama . Green started writing in 1999 and Covenant Communications published their debut , Hearts in Hiding , in 2001 .
Criticism
In 2012 , the audiobook version of Murder by the Way was in Deseret Book 's top five bestsellers for June 25–30 . Reviewing the book in Deseret News , Alicia Cunningham wrote that while the mystery was predictable it was entertaining . Writing on LDS Fiction , Penny Bowler called books like Green 's the `` comfort food '' of literature . Murder by Design was a top-10 bestseller from Deseret Book for the October 17 to October 23 sales interval . In a review for LDS Magazine , Jennie Hansen wrote that Proceed With Caution was `` difficult [ ... ] to put down '' with realistic dialogue . Mike Whitmer praised the sequel , Danger Ahead ( 2015 ) for its lack of sexual content and graphic violence . Sharon Haddock wrote that Puzzle Pieces ( 2016 ) was convoluted , with an implausible ending and `` simple outcomes . ''
Awards
Green 's books have been finalists four times for the Whitney award for best mystery/suspense novel ; in 2010 for Murder By Design , in 2009 for Murder by the Book , in 2008 for Above and Beyond and in 2007 for Hazardous Duty In 2008 , Green was voted the 8th-most-popular writer by readers of the Deseret News .
Works
The following books are published by Covenant Communications in American Fork , Utah .
Order of Haggerty series
Order of Eureka series
Order of Duty series
Kennedy Killingsworth mysteries
Proceed with Caution series
References
External links
Official Website of Betsy Brannon Green
Betsy Brannon Green , MSS 8072 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections , Brigham Young University
1958 births
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
American Latter Day Saint writers
American mystery novelists
American women non-fiction writers
American women novelists
Latter Day Saints from Alabama
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Living people
Women mystery writers
Harold B. Lee Library-related 21st century articles
Mehmet Gürs ( born 13 December 1969 ) is a Finnish-Turkish celebrity chef , television personality and restaurateur . They are considered to be Istanbul 's most recognizable chef .
Biography
Gürs was born in Finland to a Turkish father and a Finnish-Swedish mother and grew up in Stockholm and Istanbul . They spent eight years training and working as a chef in the United States ; from 1990 to 1993 they studied Hotel , Restaurant and Institutional Management at Johnson & Wales University . In the mid 1990s , they returned to Turkey to start their first restaurant called Downtown ; six years later they opened Lokanta and then Mikla in 2005 .
Gürs 's Istanbul Food & Beverage Group now consists of Mikla , the numnum café & restaurant , Trattoria Enzo , Kronotrop , Terra Kitchen chain and the group 's research lab , the workshop .
Awards
2001 : Best Restaurant/ Downtown - TimeOut Istanbul
2002 : Best Bar/ NuTeras - TimeOut Istanbul
2003 : Best Chef/Mehmet Gürs - TimeOut Istanbul
2004 : Best Bar/ NuTeras - TimeOut Istanbul
2006 : Best Restaurant/ Mikla - TimeOut Istanbul
Personal life
Gürs they have one child . They speak Swedish , Turkish , French , and English .
References
External links
Official website
Turkish chefs
Turkish people of Finnish descent
Johnson & Wales University alumni
Living people
1969 births
Finnish television chefs
Finnish expatriates in Sweden
Finnish expatriates in the United States
Finnish people of Turkish descent
Turkish expatriates in Sweden
Turkish expatriates in the United States
Palm Trees in the Snow ( ) is a 2015 Spanish romantic drama film directed by Fernando González Molina . Penned by Sergio G. Sánchez , the screenplay is based on the novel of the same name , Palmeras en la nieve , by Luz Gabás .
Plot
Kilian is a young man from the mountains of Huesca who , in 1954 , returns to the island of Fernando Pó ( present Bioko ) , where they were born . They join their father Antón and their brother Jacobo . They are one of many Spanish families who harvest cocoa in Spanish Guinea .
The movie opens in 1968 with Kilian and Bisila making love . Shortly after , Killian departs , leaving behind a half-torn picture and their hat as a memento for Bisila . Flash forward to 2003 Pasolobino , Spain , where Clarence is attending the funeral of their estranged father Jacobo . After the funeral Clarence and their cousin Daniela discuss the possibility of selling the family land . They also discuss Daniela 's father , Kilian , who is suffering from dementia . While in Killian 's office Clarence finds a journal , a half-torn picture and a torn note stating that money has been sent to an unidentified woman . Clarence asks Julia , an old family friend , about the note . Julia admits that their deceased husband Manuel wrote the note but they do n't know who the woman is . Clarence tells Julia that they will travel to Bioko in Equatorial Guinea to find out more about their father 's life . Clarence also decides that if there are relatives in Bioko they will bring them back to Spain . Julia tells Clarence to look for a man named Simón , who was Kilian 's houseboy and friend .
Flashing back to 1954 , a young Kilian and Jacobo are saying goodbye to their mother and sister Catalina as they depart for Guinea . Catalina gives Kilian a journal and encourages them to write in it . On the ship to Bioko Kilian and Jacobo meet Manuel , the new resident doctor of the cocoa plantation estate . Once on land they are greeted by Kilian and Jacobo 's father Anton , and their best friend Ose . On the plantation , Kilian has an unpleasant introduction to Gregorio , an abusive overseer . While in the cocoa fields Kilian wanders off into the nearby forest where they hear singing . They follow the singing to a waterfall where they see a woman crying . Kilian attempts to introduce themselves to them but gets distracted by noise from the bushes , where they discover Gregorio with a native prostitute . They are gone by the time they look again for them Later on a young Julia invites Kilian , Jacobo , and Anton to a dinner party at their parents ' estate . During the dinner party Nelson , an estate worker , arrives asking for Jacobo 's help with a medical emergency . Once in the car Jacobo reveals to Kilian that it was a ruse to leave the dinner party early to go to a night club called Santa Isabel . At the club , Jacobo encourages Kilian to drink and sleep with prostitutes .
During a lavish estate party Julia confronts Jacobo about their ruse at the dinner party , scolding them for their activities at Santa Isabel . Jacobo rebuffs Julia stating that they are not a couple and they will do as they please . Kilian introduces Manuel to Julia and they immediately become attracted to each other . Weeks later Anton , annoyed with Kilian 's activities , takes them to visit Ose 's village and introduces them to the Bubi people . Anton encourages Kilian to explore the land and get to know the locals . Sometime later Ose invites Anton and Kilian to their daughter Bisila 's wedding in the village . When giving congratulations to the bride Kilian is surprised to see that they are the same woman from the waterfall . They immediately become attracted to them Soon after , Antón 's health takes a turn for the worst and they die . At Antón 's funeral Jacobo runs off into the forest . When Julia attempts to console him , Jacobo forcibly kisses Julia , but they push them away , stating that they are engaged to be married to Manuel . Frustrated , Jacobo runs into the forest screaming . Filled with grief of their father 's death , Kilian leaves Bioko and returns to Pasolobino for 3 years .
In present-day 2003 , Clarence has arrived in Bioko , locates Antón 's grave , and is introduced to Iniko , a plantation office employee . While driving Clarence back to their hotel Iniko detours to pick up their younger brother , Laha , who has returned home from university in Spain . Iniko and Laha show Clarence around town , and Iniko and Clarence gradually develop a relationship . Iniko reluctantly helps Clarence find out more about the coco plantation estate . After being met with hostility from the plantation workers , they are introduced to an elderly Simón . Simón tells Clarence that Iniko 's grandfather , Ose , was friends with their grandfather , Antón . A confused Iniko demands to know what Clarence is really searching for . Clarence tells Iniko about their uncle Kilian and their father Jacobo , then shows Iniko the half-torn picture . A shocked Iniko tells Clarence that the woman in the picture is their mother Bisila . Iniko takes Clarence to the elderly Bisila 's home , where Bisila tells Clarence their connection with Kilian .
Flashing back to 1957 , Kilian returns to Bioko . Kilian visits Ose and the Bubi people at their village . Ose reintroduces Bisila ( she states their name as Daniela Bisila ) , their husband Mosi , and their son Iniko to Kilian . Kilian then visits Santa Isabel looking for Jacobo . While there , Gregorio takes a prostitute at gunpoint after arguing over them with another man . Kilian talks Gregorio down and then takes Jacobo , Dick , and Pao back to the estate . The next day , Kilian sends Jacobo on a plane back to Spain . Kilian visits Julia at their parents ' store and they discuss the hostile changes of the political climate . Bisila arrives to tell Julia that their friend Gustavo , a local politician , has been attacked . Julia asks Kilian to assist them and Bisila with rescuing Gustavo , smuggling them through military checkpoints . At the estate Bisila , a nurse , attends to Gustavo 's wounds . Killian and Bisila almost share a kiss , later meeting in a shed where they profess their connection and make love . Though they try to keep their affair a secret , everyone on the estate finds out about the affair .
In 1964 Kilian 's mother sends them a letter requesting they return to Spain due to their sister Catalina 's declining health . Kilian stays in Spain for several months after Catalina dies . Jacobo returns to Bioko and visits Julia , telling them that they have met a woman in Spain . Jacobo makes another advance towards Julia , who tells them to leave . That evening at the estate , Bisila is cornered by a car with a drunken Jacobo , Dick , and Pao inside . They proceed to beat and rape Bisila . Simón finds her , they swear them to secrecy , and tends to them injuries . The next day Kilian returns ; Jacobo is in the plantation hospital with syphilis . Dick and Pao 's bodies are found hanging from a tree . It is implied that Mosi , Bisila 's husband is taking revenge for the rape . Kilian confronts Ose and Simón , they inform them of Bisila 's rape , and warn them not to interfere , or Mosi will find out about their affair . Kilian tells Jacobo of Dick and Pao 's deaths and then confronts them about Bisila 's rape . Kilian beats Jacobo and warns them of Mosi 's revenge . Kilian asks Bisila for forgiveness and they hint at Mosi 's attack . Later on Mosi attempts to kill Jacobo but Kilian arrives in the middle of the attack , giving Jacobo time to shoot Mosi dead . Kilian sends Jacobo back to Spain . Bisila tells Kilian that they must leave and mourn Mosi 's death for a year , after which they will be free to be with him . Kilian tells Bisila that they will wait for them
In 1968 , a new president is elected for the newly independent Republic of Equatorial Guinea , and the Spanish colonists are being forced to leave . Julia 's parents lose their business and begin to make plans to return to Spain . Back at the estate , various overseers such as Gregorio have gone missing . While walking through the cocoa fields Kilian is approached by three angry laborers . They force Killian to go deep into the forest , where they are forced to dig their own grave . A laborerr tells Kilian that they originally wanted to kill Jacobo for killing Mosi , but now Kilian will pay the price . Simón arrives and convinces the laborer not to kill Kilian as long as they leaf and takes Bisila with them at the end of their mourning . As Julia and Manuel are preparing to leave for Spain , Julia begs Kilian to leave with them and suggests they bring Bisila along . Julia brings Bisila to their home , marking the end of Bisila 's year-long mourning . Bisila arrives with Iniko and their second son Laha , telling Kilian that they are Laha 's father . The next day Julia , Manuel , Kilian , Bisila , and Nelson and their wife attempt to leave Bioko by boarding a ship to Spain , with other Spanish colonists and some locals . Julia and Manuel pass through the gate successfully , but a guard prevents Bisila and their children from passing because everyone considered Guinean is prohibited from leaving . The crowd becomes agitated and pushes the gate down , and the guards begin shooting at the crowd . Julia and Manuel escape on to a motorboat where Julia 's parents are waiting , while Nelson is shot dead . Kilian and Bisila return to the estate , marry in front of a rock the call the Keeper of the isle , and attempt to live together as a family but Kilian is eventually forced to leave alone .
In present-day 2003 Clarence returns to Pasolobino , where they visit the elderly Kilian . Clarence gives Kilian the hat they gave to Bisila . Upon seeing the hat Kilian remembers Bisila . Clarence begins to sing a song that Kilian heard Bisila sing when they first met . Back in Bioko , the elderly Bisila receives a letter from Spain informing of Kilian 's death . Bisila travels to the beach where they walk into the ocean tide . Iniko and Laha arrive in Pasolobino to visit Clarence , who introduces them to Daniela .
Cast
Mario Casas as Kilian de Rabaltué , the main male character who works on their family 's cocoa plantation
Celso Bugallo as older Kilian
Adriana Ugarte as Clarence , one of the female leads who travels to Bioko to learn more about their father 's history
Djedje Apali as Iniko
Macarena García as Julia
Petra Martínez as older Julia
Alain Hernández as Jacobo de Rabaltué , the brother of Kilian and father of Clarence
Laia Costa as Daniela
Emilio Gutiérrez Caba as Antón
Berta Vázquez as Bisila , a mixed-race woman ; the love interest of Kilian
Victoria Evita Ika as older Bisila
Daniel Grao as Manuel , doctor on the plantation in Bioko
Fernando Cayo as Garuz
Serge Happi as Simon
Michael Bautista as Laha
Laia Costa as Daniela
Fanor Zapata as Mosi
Production
The film was shot in the Canary Islands , Huesca and Colombia .
Soundtrack
The soundtrack for this filmed received lots of attention from reviewer as well as award shows . Below are listed some of the songs from the soundtrack as listed by IMDB .
Awards and nominations
Reception
This film resulted in much praise and appreciation in the Spanish box office , especially since much of recent Spanish films have missed the opportunity to show Spain 's colonial history . Many of the positive reviews of the film relate to its beautiful film location and the romantic plot between the two main characters . Additionally many of the rave reviews relate to the cinematography of the film that very much followed that of a novel in the sense that the directors took the time to develop the characters the plot without rushing to fit the film into a smaller time frame . One film reviewer emphasized that `` they both have such excellent on-screen chemistry ( the love which has blossomed from reel to real life too ) that many times you can send ether penetrating love even through the yearning glances through the windows across the street or even during the lighting of a torch across the alley to indicate each other 's presence . ''
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 86 % based on reviews from 7 critics .
Critics to the film highlight that it did not properly address many of the themes related to colonialism even though it was the central focus of the movie .
See also
List of Spanish films of 2015
References
External links
2015 films
2015 romantic drama films
Films set in Spain
Films set in Equatorial Guinea
2010s Spanish-language films
Films scored by Lucas Vidal
Spanish romantic drama films
Spanish historical drama films
Films about interracial romance
Films based on books
Films based on Spanish novels
Films set in 1954
Films set in 1957
Films set in 1964
Films set in 1968
Films set in 2003
Nostromo Pictures films
Atresmedia Cine films
2010s Spanish films
Wesley Wilkins ( born 15 July 1985 ) is a former South African rugby union footballer , who regularly played as a flanker . They made 33 appearances for in the domestic Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competition between 2009 and 2012 and also played for during the 2008 and 2009 Varsity Cup competitions .
Although still contracted to in 2013 , they missed the entire season with a shoulder injury and retired after the 2013 Currie Cup season .
References
1985 births
Living people
Griquas ( rugby union ) players
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union players from East London , Eastern Cape
South African people of English descent
South African rugby union players
Stellenbosch University alumni
Three Points is a scenic , sparsely populated unincorporated community at the northwestern edge of Los Angeles County , in the northern Sierra Pelona Mountains foothills and southwest of the Antelope Valley in Southern California .
Geography
The settlement is on the northern edge of the Angeles National Forest , on the east side of Oakgrove Canyon where it opens out into Pine Canyon , 17.5 miles ( 28 km ) north of Castaic . Its elevation is 3,424 feet .
A roadside welcome sign said in 1991 that the Three Points population was 150 . In 2008 a newer sign gave the population as 200 .
— Los Angeles Times , June 16 , 1991
History
1880s — 1970s
Three Points was homesteaded in 1892 by the Lafferty family , 83-year-old Laura May Lafferty told a reporter in 1991 . Them grandmother acted as a midwife , and their father , Ben Cherbbono , was a French Canadian muleskinner who led a team that helped grade the Ridge Route highway in the early part of the 20th century . Gookins Lake in the area was named after their mother 's family , they said .
In those days , Three Points was graced with a one-room schoolhouse , Pine Canyon School , where in 1953 Mrs. Lillie Knighton taught children aged 6 to 14 ; in midwinter , a “ huge pot-bellied stove . . . hissed with heat . ”
The school also acted as a community center ; movies related to classwork were shown each Thursday night , open to adults .
Apart from the school , a tavern variously called the Three Point Cafe , Maxine 's , and Nancy 's Up the Road Cafe , was another center of social life . Bert Gookins was the first owner and builder — sometime in 1912 , or maybe 1924 , Bert Hart , Gookins ' grandson , recalled . It was a grocery store once , Hart said , and perhaps the restaurant and bar were added in the 1930s or 1940s . The building was occasionally occupied by a traveling dentist who used a foot-powered drill .
1980s on
Michael and Anita Felix bought the cafe in 1984 with the idea of using its park-like grounds for special events . Two years later , Anita had a heart attack and so the Felixes began leasing it to other operators .
When Maxine Martin had it in 1991 it was a combination bar , restaurant , social club and video-rental store featuring a decor that included
In November 1994 the Felixes resumed managing the cafe — but they opened it only on Saturdays and Sundays , and soon thereafter they put it up for sale .
In 2008 it was a private residence : An unusable gasoline pump in front was purely decorative , and the only sign of commerce was an outside vending machine that dispensed bottled water .
Government
As an unincorporated community , there is no local government , but there is Three Points–Liebre Mountain Town Council , which in March 2009 was working on a community standards district document and on emergency preparedness .
Education
There is no longer a public school in the settlement . Three Points is part of the Westside Union School District of West Lancaster , which operates Del Sur , Joe Walker , Hill View , Cottonwood , Rancho Vista , Sundown , Valley View , Leona Valley , and Quartz Hill schools , through the eighth grade .
The community is within the Antelope Valley Union High School District and the Antelope Valley Community College District .
Library
The Los Angeles County 's public library sends its Antelope Valley bookmobile to Three Points from 9:30 to 11:30 a.m. one day a week .
Fire danger
Three Points was settled in a wooded valley shrouded in volatile pine trees , near a mountain fittingly named Burnt Peak , and the town has been threatened by wildfires many times over the decades . The earliest story about Three Points in the Los Angeles Times , the closest metropolitan newspaper to the settlement , is dated August 24 , 1927 , and , like many such articles thereafter , it was reporting on a massive fire in the forested area .
Twenty-two years later , in 1949 , another fire in the canyon made the news :
In July 2004 , the Times reported :
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Los Angeles County , California
Sierra Pelona Ridge
Populated places established in 1892
1892 establishments in California
Unincorporated communities in California
Van Loon Glacier ( ) is a tributary glacier , 13 kilometres long , draining the eastern slopes of the Bowers Mountains between Rastorguev Glacier and Montigny Glacier . It merges into the larger Graveson Glacier at the east margin of the mountains . It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photography , 1960–62 , and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for meteorologist Harry van Loon , a member of the Antarctic Weather Central team at Little America on the Ross Ice Shelf 1957–58 , who has written numerous scientific papers dealing with Antarctic and southern hemisphere atmospheric research .
Glaciers of Pennell Coast
Thomas van der Noot ( 1630 - 1677 ) was a Dutch military figure who served in the Swedish army . Born in Brabant , they came to Sweden with their mother in the 1650s and married a Swedish noble lady . Thomas van der Noot became a Swedish officer , second lieutenant in 1655 , colonel in 1668 and was Major General in 1677 , and participated in the Swedish service in many battles in Europe . They were in knighted in about 1674 about the time they built the Van der Nootska Palace in Stockholm . They were killed in the Battle of Stettin on August 4 , 1677 . After their death the Van der Nootska palace become an embassy to the Dutch minister .
References
Swedish generals
1630 births
1677 deaths
Dutch expatriates in Sweden
Gnutella2 , often referred to as G2 , is a peer-to-peer protocol developed mainly by Michael Stokes and released in 2002 .
While inspired by the gnutella protocol , G2 shares little of its design with the exception of its connection handshake and download mechanics .
G2 adopts an extensible binary packet format and an entirely new search algorithm .
Furthermore , G2 has a related ( but significantly different ) network topology and an improved metadata system , which helps effectively to reduce fake files , such as viruses , on the network .
History
In November 2002 , Michael Stokes announced the Gnutella2 protocol to the Gnutella Developers Forum . While some thought the goals stated for Gnutella2 are primarily to make a clean break with the gnutella 0.6 protocol and start over , so that some of gnutella 's less clean parts would be done more elegantly and , in general , be impressive and desirable ; other developers , primarily those of LimeWire and BearShare , thought it to be a `` cheap publicity stunt '' and discounted technical merits . Some still refuse to refer to the network as `` Gnutella2 '' , and instead , refer to it as `` Mike 's Protocol '' ( `` MP '' ) .
The Gnutella2 protocol still uses the old `` GNUTELLA CONNECT/0.6 '' handshake string for its connections as defined in the gnutella 0.6 specifications . This backwardly compatible handshake method was criticized by the Gnutella Developers Forum as an attempt to use the gnutella network for bootstrapping the new , unrelated network , while proponents of the network claimed that its intent was to remain backwards-compatible with gnutella and to allow current gnutella clients to add Gnutella2 at their leisure .
With the developers entrenched in their positions , a flame war soon erupted , further cementing both sides ' resolve .
The draft specifications were released on March 26 , 2003 , and more detailed specifications soon followed . G2 is not supported by many of the `` old '' gnutella network clients , however , many Gnutella2 clients still also connect to gnutella . Many Gnutella2 proponents claim that this is because of political reasons , while gnutella supporters claim that the drastic changes do n't have enough merit to outweigh the cost of deep rewrites .
Design
Gnutella2 divides nodes into two groups : Leaves and Hubs . Most Leaves maintain two connections to Hubs , while Hubs accept hundreds of Leaf connections , and an average of 7 connections to other Hubs . When a search is initiated , the node obtains a list of Hubs , if needed , and contacts the Hubs in the list , noting which have been searched , until the list is exhausted or a predefined search limit has been reached . This allows a user to find a popular file easily without loading the network , while , theoretically , maintaining the ability for a user to find a single file located anywhere on the network .
Hubs index what files a Leaf has by means of a Query Routing Table , which is filled with single bit entries of hashes of keywords , which the Leaf uploads to the Hub , and which the Hub then combines with all the hash tables its Leaves have sent , it in order to create a version to send to their neighboring Hubs . This allows for Hubs to reduce bandwidth greatly by simply not forwarding queries to Leaves and neighboring Hubs , if the entries which match the search are not found in the routing tables .
Gnutella2 relies extensively on UDP , rather than TCP , for searches . The overhead of setting up a TCP connection would make a random walk search system , requiring the contacting of large numbers of nodes with small volumes of data , unworkable . However , UDP is not without its own drawbacks . Because UDP is connectionless , there is no standard method to inform the sending client that a message was received , and so if the packet is lost , there is no way to know . Because of this , UDP packets in Gnutella2 have a flag to enable a reliability setting . When an UDP packet with enabled reliability flag is received , the client will respond with an acknowledgment packet to inform the sending client that their packet arrived at its destination . If the acknowledgment packet is not sent , the reliable packet will be retransmitted in an attempt to ensure delivery . Low importance packets , which do not have the flag enabled , do not require an acknowledgment packet , reducing reliability , but also reducing overhead , as no acknowledge packet needs to be sent and waited upon .
Protocol features
Gnutella2 has an extensible binary packet format , comparable to an XML document tree , which was conceived as an answer for some of gnutella 's less elegant parts . The packet format was designed so that future network improvements and individual vendor features could be added without worry of causing bugs in other clients on the network .
For the purpose file identification and secure integrity check of files it employs SHA-1 hashes . To allow for a file to be reliably downloaded in parallel from multiple sources , as well as to allow for the reliable uploading of parts while the file is still being downloaded ( swarming ) , Tiger tree hashes are used .
To create a more robust and complete system for searching , Gnutella2 also has a metadata system for more complete labeling , rating , and quality information to be given in the search results than would simply be gathered by the file names . Nodes can even share this information after they have deleted the file , allowing users to mark viruses and worms on the network , without requiring them to keep a copy .
Gnutella2 also utilizes compression in its network connections to reduce the bandwidth used by the network .
Shareaza has the additional feature to request previews of images and videos though only FilesScope takes limited advantage of this .
gtk-gnutella extended the protocol to further reduce the gap between Gnutella and G2 . In particular , the semi-reliable UDP layer was enhanced to add cumulative and extended acknowledgments in a way that is backward compatible with legacy G2 clients . Further extensions include the `` A '' string in /Q2/I and the introduction of /QH2/H/ALT , /QH2/H/PART/MT , /QH2/HN , /QH2/BH and /QH2/G1 in the query hits .
Differences from gnutella
Overall , the two networks are fairly similar , with the primary differences being in the packet format and the search methodology .
Protocol
Gnutella 's packet format has been criticized because it was not originally designed with extensibility in mind , and has had many additions over the years , leaving the packet structure cluttered and inefficient . Gnutella2 learned from this , and aside from having many of the added features of gnutella standard in Gnutella2 , designed in future extensibility from the start .
Search algorithm
While gnutella uses a query flooding method of searching , Gnutella2 uses a random walk system , where a searching node gathers a list of Hubs and contacts them directly , one at a time . However , as Hub organize themselves in , so called , `` Hub clusters '' , where each Hub mirrors the information stored by its neighbors , the Leaf is returned the information of the entire Hub cluster ( usually 7 Hubs ) . This has several advantages over the gnutella 's query flooding system . It is more efficient , as continuing a search does not increase the network traffic exponentially , queries are not routed through as many nodes , and it increases the granularity of a search , allowing a client to stop , once a pre-defined threshold of results has been obtained , more effectively than in gnutella . However , the walk system also increases the complexity of the network and the network maintenance and management required , as well as requiring safeguards to prevent a malicious attacker from using the network for denial-of-service attacks .
Terminology
There is also a difference in terminology : while the more capable nodes , which are used to condense the network , are referred to as Ultrapeers in gnutella , they are called Hubs in Gnutella2 , and they are also used slightly differently in topology . In gnutella , the Ultrapeers generally maintain as many leaves as peer connections , while Gnutella2 Hubs maintain far more leaves , and fewer peer ( Hub-to-Hub ) connections . The reason for this is that the search methods of the various networks have different optimum topologies .
Clients
List
Free software Gnutella2 clients include :
Adagio ( Cross Platform ) , written in Ada , under the GPL .
Gnucleus ( Windows ) , written in C/C++ , under the LGPL
Gtk-gnutella ( Cross Platform ) , written in C. Only supports leaf-mode connections to G2 since version 1.1 .
MLDonkey ( Cross Platform ) , written in OCaml , under the GPL , however as of version 2.9.0 ( 2007 ) , support is officially unmaintained and disabled in the binaries .
Shareaza ( Windows ) , multi-network , written in C++ , under the GPL , currently +/- 93 % network share
Proprietary software implementations include :
Foxy ( Windows ) Chinese GnucDNA-derived program , no interaction with any other G2 clients possible , and uses its own `` Foxy '' -Network , which is half-poorly separated from the original G2 and known for network leakage into G2 . Theoretically , the client is compatible to G2 . free .
Morpheus ( Windows )
Comparison
The following table compares general and technical information for a number of available applications supporting the G2 network .
See also
GnucDNA
Shareaza
References
External links
Gnutella2 wiki
g2paranha - G2 Network Crawler
File sharing networks
Sir Edward Dillon Lott du Cann ( 28 May 1924 – 31 August 2017 ) was a British politician and business person . They were a member of Parliament ( MP ) from 1956 to 1987 and served as Chairman of the Conservative Party from 1965 to 1967 and as chairperson of the party 's 1922 Committee from 1972 to 1984 .
Early life
Du Cann was educated at Colet Court , Woodbridge School and St John 's College , Oxford , where they were a friend of Kingsley Amis . During the Second World War , they were commissioned as an officer in the Royal Navy . Serving as a lieutenant in motor torpedo boats based in East Anglia patrolling the North Sea , they served alongside both Owen Aisher ( later a yachtsman and entrepreneur ) and David Wickins ( the founder of British Car Auctions and an entrepreneur ) . At the end of the war , they became a company director .
Political career
In 1951 , du Cann contested Walthamstow West and , in 1955 , Barrow-in-Furness , on both occasions without success . They were elected as MP for Taunton in a 1956 by-election . Du Cann served as the Economic Secretary to the Treasury from 1962 and as a Minister of State at the Board of Trade 1963–64 . They were then the chairperson of the Conservative Party from 1965 to 1967 , and chairperson of the 1922 Committee from 1972 to 1984 . They were sworn of the Privy Council in 1964 .
In 1974 , du Cann played a part in the events surrounding the elevation of Margaret Thatcher to the leadership of the Conservative Party . Following two narrow defeats for the Conservatives at the polls , in the February and October general elections , significant disquiet in the party had developed over the leadership of Edward Heath , who had lost three elections as leader . On 14 October , the executive of the 1922 Committee met at du Cann 's home , amidst a good deal of press attention .
That was soon followed by a more public meeting of the executive at du Cann 's offices at Keyser Ullman , on Milk Street , where it was decided that the committee would press Heath to hold a leadership election . The location of this meeting led to Fleet Street nicknaming the attendees the `` Milk Street Mafia '' . As Alec Douglas-Home , at Heath 's request , considered the procedures for a leadership election , there was some speculation that du Cann would themselves stand as a representative of the party 's right wing against Heath .
By the time Douglas-Home reported in December 1974 , however , events had intervened . The devastating collapse of the banking boom had swept up du Cann 's firm , Keyser Ullman , in its path . They were criticized as `` incompetent '' by a 1974 Department of Trade and Industry report regarding the bankrupt Keyser Ullman bank , of which they were a director . Du Cann did not put themselves forward as a candidate in the leadership contest . This released key support for Margaret Thatcher , especially as another potential right-wing candidate , Keith Joseph , withdrew from any leadership attempt following a series of controversial speeches on social policy . Consequently , after defeating Heath in the first round , Thatcher emerged triumphant in the second round in early 1975 , defeating a number of other candidates who would play significant roles in their subsequent premiership .
In the last week of the 1975 referendum on British membership of the European Economic Community , du Cann came out against British membership . They were chairperson of the Public Accounts Committee from 1974 to 1979 .
Post-political retirement
Du Cann retired from the House of Commons in 1987 , selling their home Cothay Manor in 1993 and returning to live in London . They were instrumental in creating a scholarship programme for rugby league players at the University of Oxford .
Du Cann succeeded Duncan Sandys as chairperson of Lonrho , a position from which they were forced to resign due to their role as deputy chairperson of Homes Assured , a finance company which crashed . Their resignation came two days before the company collapsed , owing £10 million to creditors . Du Cann was involved in several legal disputes over debts ; their Somerset estate was repossessed in 1992 and their London flat was repossessed in 1993 . They later had a bankruptcy order served against him .
They were a board member of E-Clear , a British payment processing company , which went into administration in January 2010 .
Personal life
They married three times ; first , in 1962 , to Sally ( a cousin ) , whom they divorced in 1987 , then to Jennifer ( the widow of Robert Cooke , former MP for Bristol West ) , whom they married in 1990 and was with until their death in 1995 . They were declared bankrupt in 1993 and lived for several years in Alderney . As of 2013 they were a resident of Lemona in Cyprus . They died in 2017 and is survived by their third wife , Maureen Hope-Wynne .
References
External links
1924 births
2017 deaths
Chairmen of the 1922 Committee
Chairmen of the Conservative Party ( UK )
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Ministers in the Macmillan and Douglas-Home governments , 1957–1964
People educated at Woodbridge School
Royal Navy officers of World War II
UK MPs 1955–1959
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
Diary of a Teenage Girl is a series of Christian young adult novels written by Melody Carlson .
Main characters
Each of the series ' major characters has serious family problems , but find their faith a grounding influence .
Caitlin O'Connor appeared first in the series . They struggled with friendship , their parents ' near divorce , and the pressures of high school without a boyfriend . In their second last year of high school they broke into the popular crowd ; however , they realized that being popular is not all it was cut out to be . When they began dating their long-term crush , Josh Miller , they soon discovered the relationship put them into compromising situations . Having recently committed their life to God , they then made another vow to 'kiss dating goodbye ' in order to protect themselves from compromising their convictions . While Josh and Caitlin did not date , they remained good friends . In college they were a role model for younger girls , particularly Josh 's little sister , Chloe Miller . The fifth and final book , `` I do , '' Josh proposed to them
Josh Miller is Chloe 's older brother and Caitlin O'Connor 's high school sweetheart and husband . First appearing in 'Becoming Me ' , Book 1 of the Caitlin O'Connor series , they are initially a jerk who breaks Caitlin 's heart . Described as having 'Matt Damon good looks , ' Josh is a typical high school jock . In college , they mature , eventually becoming a youth pastor and marrying Caitlin .
Chloe Miller was featured in the next series of books following Caitlin O'Connor . During these books , Chloe formed and became the leader of an all-girl Christian rock band and went on a tour of the United States with another Christian band . Problems arose when they became romantically involved with the other band 's leader , an older boy with a girlfriend at home .
Kim Peterson was adopted as an infant from Korea and raised as an only child . They wrote a teen advice column while struggling with their adoptive mother 's death , their best friend 's teen pregnancy , and their first contact with their birth mother .
Maya Stark was the newest `` teenage girl '' in the series . Maya had a famous father , but their parents had divorced , causing them to struggle with their racial identity . After their mother had returned to using drugs and was arrested , Maya was sent to spend the summer with relatives , who turn out to be Kim Peterson , who appears in earlier books in the series .
Books
Caitlin Series
Becoming Me ( August 2000 , )
It 's My Life ( July 2001 , )
Who I Am ( March 2002 , )
On My Own ( July 2002 , )
I Do ( January 2005 , )
Chloe Series
My Name Is Chloe ( January 2003 , )
Sold Out ( June 2003 , )
Road Trip ( December 2003 , )
Face the Music ( May 2004 , )
Kim Series
Just Ask ( July 2005 , )
Meant to Be ( September 2005 , )
Falling Up ( January 2006 , )
That Was Then ... ( May 2006 , )
Maya Series
A Not-So-Simple Life ( July 2008 , )
It 's a Green Thing ( February 2009 , )
What Matters Most ( September 2009 , )
References
External links
Melody Carlson 's Website
Christian children 's books
Young adult novel series
American young adult novels
American Christian novels
Fictional diaries
The 1930 Yale Bulldogs football team represented Yale University in the 1930 college football season . In their third year under head coach Mal Stevens , the Bulldogs compiled a 5–2–2 record .
Schedule
References
Yale
Yale Bulldogs football seasons
Yale Bulldogs football
Michael Shanahan ( June 29 , 1943 – November 22 , 2014 ) was a journalist for the Associated Press . Their reporting included the 1970 shootings at a demonstration at Kent State University in Ohio . They would later go on to become a professor of journalism at the George Washington University for more than two decades .
Early life and career
Joseph Michael Shanahan was born June 29 , 1943 , in Washington and grew up in Bangor , Pa . They received their B.A . in 1965 from the Pennsylvania State University in journalism . Shanahan joined the AP in 1965 , but left shortly thereafter to serve in the Vietnam War as a U.S. Army intelligence officer where they were awarded the Bronze Star and a Combat Infantryman 's Badge . After returning from the war , Shanahan worked for the AP at their Pittsburgh bureau covering events that included the 1970 shootings at a demonstration at Kent State University in Ohio , and the assassination of United Mine Workers leader Jock Yablonski . They moved shortly thereafter to the AP 's Washington bureau where they covered topics that included presidential campaigns and the work of the executive and legislative branches .
Later life and teaching career
Shanahan began teaching at the George Washington University as an adjunct professor in 1999 . They later became an assistant professor in 2005 , and assistant director for student affairs at the School of Media and Public Affairs . Shanahan taught subjects that included Washington reporting and journalistic ethics , and they advised the student newspaper , the Hatchet . They would become one of the longest-serving members of the newspaper 's Board of Directors , having joined in 2000 . `` Michael Shanahan brought a reporter 's eye and a professor 's dedication to their work , '' said Frank Sesno , director of the School of Media and Public Affairs . “ Through their teaching , advising and mentoring , their commitment was always to students first . In their classes and through the internships they managed , Professor Shanahan pushed students to be better journalists , writers , reporters and citizens . ''
References
1943 births
2014 deaths
American male journalists
Pennsylvania State University alumni
George Washington University faculty
Writers of the Future ( WOTF ) is a science fiction and fantasy story contest that was established by L. Ron Hubbard in the early 1980s . A sister contest , Illustrators of the Future , presents awards for science fiction art . Hubbard characterized the contest as a way of `` giving back '' to the field that had defined their professional writing life . The contest has no entry fee and is the highest-paying contest for amateur science-fiction and fantasy writers . Notable past winners of WOTF include Stephen Baxter , Karen Joy Fowler , James Alan Gardner , Nina Kiriki Hoffman , Jay Lake , Michael H. Payne , Patrick Rothfuss , Robert Reed , Dean Wesley Smith , Sean Williams , Dave Wolverton , Nancy Farmer , and David Zindell .
Contest rules and procedures
Writers of the Future
The Writers of the Future ( WOTF ) contest may be entered quarterly , and is open to authors who have no , or few , professional publications . The contest rules state that entrants can not have had published `` a novel or short novel , or more than one novelette , or more than three short stories , in any medium . Professional publication is deemed to be payment and at least 5,000 copies or 5,000 hits . '' Works that are less than 3,000 words and for which payment was less 6c/word , do not count as `` professional '' publications . Stories of up to 17,000 words in length can be submitted to the contest . Poems , screenplays , non-fiction , etc. , are not eligible .
Manuscripts are judged with the authors ' names deleted and are separated out in quarterfinal and semifinal award rounds by the Coordinating Judge ( previously K. D. Wentworth , currently Dave Wolverton , and originally Algis Budrys ) . Eight finalists are sent to a panel of professional science fiction writers , who determine the top three awards . Prizes are $ 1000 ( first place ) , $ 750 ( second ) and $ 500 ( third ) . The process is then repeated the next quarter . At the end of the contest year , the four quarterly first place stories compete for a separate annual grand prize , the `` Gold Award , '' which includes an additional $ 5000 . The first , second and third-place winners and often a selection of the other finalist stories are published annually , for which the writers receive additional compensation for publication rights . Thus , a grand prize-winning author can make over $ 6000 for a single story - more than many writers receive for a first novel .
Some finalist stories not considered among the top three ( in effect , the fourth or fifth placers ) may be included in the annual anthology . These are called `` published finalists . '' The writers are compensated for publication rights , but are not considered winners and receive no prize money , but are eligible to re-enter the contest . Often writers will repeatedly enter the contest , quarter after quarter , until they either win or become ineligible due to publications elsewhere .
Illustrators of the Future
An artists ' contest , the Illustrators of the Future ( IOTF ) , was added in 1988 . Like the WOTF contest , the Illustrators contest is open to amateurs . The Rules state : `` The Contest is open to those who have not previously published more than three black-and-white story illustrations , or more than one process-color painting , in media distributed nationally to the general public , such as magazines or books sold at newsstands , or books sold in stores merchandising to the general public . The submitted entry shall not have been previously published in professional media as exampled above . ''
Entrants submit a portfolio of three pieces of artwork , which are circulated among the judges . Up to three winners are selected every quarter , each given a prize of $ 500 . Unlike the Writers , the Illustrators are not ranked . After the completion of the contest year , each of the twelve Illustration winners is assigned one of the stories from among the twelve Writer winners , and given a month to return the finished illustration . A single grand prize , also called the Gold Award , is accompanied by a prize of $ 5000 - judging is based only on the final illustration , not the initial portfolio . While the art is judged according to standard artistic considerations ( composition , draftsmanship , consistency of lighting , sense of wonder , facial expressions , etc . ) , a key consideration during the final judging is whether or not the art would make the viewer want to read the accompanying story . The art is also included in the annual anthology , and illustrators are additionally compensated .
Awards and workshop
No official tallies are given for the number of entrants in either contest , but it is believed that thousands enter the Writers contest every quarter , while only hundreds enter the Illustration contest . Thus , the Illustration judges are sometimes often unable to find three deserving winners , and only pick one or two . ( This is not a problem for the Writing judges . ) Should the Illustration winners number less than twelve in a year , each illustrator is - as usual - assigned a single story to illustrate for purposes of determining who wins the Gold Award . Returning the assigned illustration quickly does not directly correlate to winning the Gold Award , but those artists who do so are allowed the opportunity to illustrate additional stories .
All winners and published finalists are invited to attend the annual week-long writers ' and artists ' workshops and Awards gala at the invitation and expense of the contest administration . Tuxedoes and gowns are worn by the judges , administrators , and winners for the Awards gala ( but members of the general public are casually attired ) , and various Hollywood actors are generally in attendance , in addition to prominent science fiction authors and artists . These include the present judges in addition to a famous and generally elderly writer given a Lifetime Achievement Award . While it is not required to attend the week-long festivities and seminars , it is thought by some that those in the running for the Gold Award may advance their cause by displaying professionalism and hard work at that time ; judges for the contest , however , refute this , as the judging is done blindly in advance of the week-long pre-awards event and most judges do n't arrive on site until the last day of the workshop .
Judges
Many noted writers and artists have judged WotF awards , or have won them themselves .
Notable writing judges have included : Kevin J. Anderson , Gregory Benford , Algis Budrys , Orson Scott Card , Brian Herbert , Nina Kiriki Hoffman , Anne McCaffrey , Larry Niven , Andre Norton , Frederik Pohl , Jerry Pournelle , Tim Powers , Brandon Sanderson , Robert J. Sawyer , K. D. Wentworth , and Jack Williamson . Prominent art judges have included : Ciruelo Cabral , Edd Cartier , Echo Chernik , Leo and Diane Dillon , Bob Eggleton , Will Eisner , Frank Frazetta , Frank Kelly Freas , Stephen Hickman , and Stephen Youll .
Winners
The following is a list of Grand Prize winners in each contest year . Stories by the grand prize winner , the quarterly top-three , and selected others ( `` published finalists '' ) , are collected into an anthology each year . Winners and published finalists in the contest have included the writers Stephen Baxter , Karen Joy Fowler , Carl Frederick , James Alan Gardner , Jim C. Hines , Jay Lake , David D. Levine , Syne Mitchell , Nnedi Okorafor , Michael H. Payne , Brian Plante , Robert Reed , Bruce Holland Rogers , Patrick Rothfuss , Dean Wesley Smith , Catriona Sparks , Sean Tinsley , Mary Turzillo , Sean Williams , Dave Wolverton , David Zindell , and the artists Shaun Tan and Frank Wu .
Connections to Scientology
The original sponsor of the contest was Bridge Publications , Inc. , the publishing arm of the Church of Scientology . Prior to the 2004 contest , the sponsorship moved to Author Services Inc. under the trade name Galaxy Press , which was spun off from Bridge to publish Hubbard 's fiction and the contest anthologies .
The contest has also been characterized as a promotional vehicle for Hubbard himself , who returned to science fiction writing with Battlefield Earth at about the same time as they began the contest . On the covers of the annual WOTF anthologies , Hubbard 's name appears `` above the title '' , and in at least as prominent a font . The prominence of Hubbard 's name and the lavish funding of the contest awards , publicity and ceremonies have led some to speculate that the contest is part of a campaign by the Church of Scientology to promote Hubbard 's status in the science fiction and literary communities .
Entering or winning the contest does not require or imply endorsement or membership in the Church of Scientology , and the contest itself has been endorsed by a wide range of well-known speculative fiction writers ( see Judges and Winners above ) who have no relationship to Scientology .
According to Director of the Writers and Illustrators Contests Joni Labaqui , the funds to underwrite the contest—including the cash prizes , the gala awards ceremony and the weeklong pre-awards festivities—come from the Hubbard estate . The Hubbard estate is separate from the Church of Scientology and earns royalties from sales of Hubbard 's books , including their fiction . Labaqui also reports that staff of Author Services Inc. is entirely made up of Scientologists .
Records with the United States Patent and Trademark Office show that the rights to the Writers of the Future name were transferred from the L. Ron Hubbard estate ( `` Family Trust-B '' ) to the Church of Spiritual Technology in 1989 , and under the 1993 IRS closing agreement with the Church of Scientology , the L. Ron Hubbard estate became part of the Church of Spiritual Technology , a `` Scientology-related entity '' .
See also
Author Services Inc .
Bridge Publications ( Scientology )
Notes
L. Ron Hubbard
Scientology organizations
Creative writing programs
W
Charles Isaac Mungo Dibdin ( 17 October 1768 – 15 January 1833 ) , or Charles Pitt or Charles Dibdin the younger , as they were professionally known , was an English dramatist , composer , writer and theatre proprietor . They were perhaps best known for their proprietorship of the Sadler 's Wells Theatre and for the pantomimes and satirical farces that they wrote , and which were staged at many theatres across London . They employed Joseph Grimaldi at Sadler 's Wells where Grimaldi appeared in many of their most successful pantomimes . They were the son of Charles Dibdin , brother of Thomas John Dibdin and godson of David Garrick .
Biography
Early life and career
Born in Russell Court , Covent Garden , London as the illegitimate son of composer Charles Dibdin and the actor Harriett Pitt , Dibdin was named after their father 's friend and librettist Isaac Bickerstaffe and their character Mungo in an afterpiece entitled The Padlock . Dibdin made their theatrical debut opposite their younger brother Thomas John Dibdin ( b . 1771 ) in their godfather David Garrick 's The Jubilee in 1775 . Soon after this performance , their parents separated , and Dibdin changed their surname to their mother 's maiden name , Pitt .
Dibdin 's mother was initially against their son following a theatrical career and so arranged for them to start an apprenticeship for their uncle Cecil Pitt , a furniture-maker , who worked in central London . Dibdin commenced their schooling in Hackney , then moved to County Durham where , at the age of nine , they enrolled at a boarding-school at Barnard Castle , remaining there until the age of 14 , without a holiday . When they were 14 , Dibdin returned to London and began an apprenticeship for a pawnbroker , which they continued for several years . Keen to realize a literary ambition , Dibdin published a collection of verse , Poetical Attempts : by a Young Man in 1792 and along with their brother Thomas , wrote the Christmas pantomime The Talisman ; or , Harlequin Made Happy in 1796 .
In 1797 they recommenced their performing career at the Royalty Theatre in London in a one-man show called Sans six sous and became known professionally as Charles Dibdin the younger . The same year , they married the actor Mary Bates at St George 's , Hanover Square , London on 13 June ; the couple had eleven children . Among them were Mary Anne ( 1799–1886 ) , a harpist who became the second wife of the controversialist Lewis Hippolytus Joseph Tonna , and Robert William ( 1805–1887 ) , a clergyman and father of Sir Lewis Tonna Dibdin . Soon after their marriage , Dibdin sold a pantomime , based on the novel Don Quixote , to Philip Astley who further contracted Dibdin for a three-year engagement as a writer at Astley 's Amphitheatre . Dibdin recalled the eccentric atmosphere at Astley 's in their memoirs : `` the Astleyian fancy was apt to be fascinated by such an Exhibition . '' Astley was known for their strict , fearsome reputation and insisted on starving their actors until after their act , using food as a reward for good performances . Astley ordered Dibdin to produce twelve burlettas , twelve pantomimes and twelve harlequinades a year . In 1799 , Dibdin was offered a contract by the Sadler 's Wells manager Richard Hughes to write pantomimes and harlequinades for the following year 's season , including Harlequin Benedick ; or , The Ghost of Mother Shipton and The Great Devil , both starring Joseph Grimaldi .
Peak years
Dibdin and their wife conducted a tour with the Astley company , travelling to Dublin and Liverpool as well as performing in London . It was during this period that Dibdin became a fluent and prolific composer , writing many songs , prologues , epilogues , and one-act musical plays . In 1799 , Dibdin left Astley and sought alternative employment following their wife 's dismissal for sewing during rehearsals . That autumn , the Dibdins joined a touring equestrian company , managed by William Davis and toured to such cities as Liverpool , Bristol , and Manchester .
In 1800 , Dibdin took over as manager at Sadler 's Wells Theatre in London with the pantomime ballet Filial Love , or the Double Marriage being one of the first pieces to be staged under their managership . They hired a band of notable performers , including Edmund Kean and Joseph Grimaldi as well as many singers , tightrope-walkers , and pugilists . Throughout the seasons , they introduced many of their self-composed works that met the varied public taste . These spectacles improved the fortunes of Sadler 's Wells , and by 1802 he , their brother Thomas and a syndicate of wealthy business people , including the scene painter Robert Andrews and composer William Reeve , became shareholders in the theatre . In 1803–4 , Dibdin installed a large water tank and advertised the venue as an aquatic theatre that performed aqua dramas .
On 15 October 1807 , eighteen people were killed in a stampede to escape when a mistaken fire alarm was given at the theatre . Although their proprietorship survived the disaster , the Napoleonic wars of 1803-1815 had ruined public demand for Dibdin 's type of entertainment , and their fortunes fell until , in 1819 , they were declared bankrupt and was incarcerated in a debtors ' prison . They were released two years later upon the sale of their shares in Sadler 's Wells which bought them out of debt . They continued with their compositions , writing many songs and pantomimes for various London theatres and took up the role of stage director at the Royal Amphitheatre from 1822–23 and manager of the Surrey Theatre from 1825–26 .
Later years
Dibdin published a number of poems including Young Arthur , or , The Child of Mystery : a Metrical Romance in 1819 . They completed A History of the London Theatres which was published in 1826 to much acclaim . Their last theatrical composition was the farce , Nothing Superfluous , which was produced in Hull in 1829 . The following year , they completed their memoirs , but they were not published until discovered in 1956 .
They died in 1833 at the age of 63 and was buried at St James 's Chapel , Pentonville . In 2010 a musical artwork dedicated to Dibdin was installed during the park 's refurbishment . The author Andrew McConnell Stott noted `` [ Dibdin ] was a cheerful , tireless and frequently prosperous man with a love of patriotic ballads and convivial dinners . ''
Notes and references
Notes
References
Sources
External links
1768 births
1833 deaths
18th-century English male actors
19th-century English male actors
English composers
English dramatists and playwrights
English male dramatists and playwrights
English male stage actors
Male actors from London
People from Covent Garden
People imprisoned for debt
The Etymological Dictionary of the Altaic Languages is a comparative and etymological dictionary of the hypothetical Altaic language family . It was written by linguists Sergei Starostin , Anna Dybo , and , and was published in Leiden in 2003 by Brill Publishers . It contains 3 volumes , and is a part of the Handbook of Oriental Studies : Section 8 , Uralic and Central Asian Studies ; no . 8 .
The work was sponsored by the Soros Foundation , the Russian Foundation for Basic Research , and the Russian Foundation for Humanities . The work was also supported by Ariel Investments in the Tower of Babel project . All work was conducted within Starostin 's STARLING database , available online .
Contents
The Etymological Dictionary of the Altaic Languages contains 2,800 etymologies , among which half were newly developed by the team over 10 years . There is an introduction at the beginning detailing the authors ' defenses of the Altaic language family theory . It is claimed that there are two contact zones for the Altaic languages . The first , the Turko-Mongolian Contact , led to many Turkic and Mongolic words being used in both Turkic and Mongolic languages . The authors attempt to explain Turko-Mongolian shared words through loanwords from the 13th century as well as Turkic and Mongolic languages having a common ancestor . The example given is the comparison between Proto-Turkic aŕiga and Middle Mongol ara ' a and aral . It is then claimed that the explanation for words with the root ara- being borrowed into Mongolic from Turkic is unsatisfactory , and that the words came from the common Altaic root aŕi , with the suffix -ga . The authors do the same with the Mongol-Tungus Contact , which they also believe the loanword explanation to be insufficient for .
The second chapter of the introduction is a comparative phonology of the Altaic language family . The linguists say that the most common Altaic root structure is CVCV , and compared it with Japanese . They also reconstructed a consonant system for Altaic , and talk about the Khalaj h- , which yields h- in Khalaj but 0- in other Turkic languages .
The dictionary views Altaic as extending to the 5th millennium B.C. , and consisting of 3 groups - Turko-Mongolic , Mongol-Tungusic , and Korean-Japanese , using lexostatistical evidence to justify it . The inclusion of Korean and Japanese into the Altaic language family differs from the comparative works of earlier Altaicists . The dictionary makes distinctions between inherited words and interlingual borrowings .
Reception
The Etymological Dictionary of the Altaic Languages , although aimed at providing further proof for the existence of the Altaic language family , received criticism from other linguists . Due to the 2,800 etymologies , it was seen as a large and important work in linguistics . It has been criticized for missing small details and requirements in its comparisons , and that the dictionary would have to need more evaluation by Stefan Georg , which Starostin responded to . Roy Andrew Miller , an Altaicist , praised it , saying that the `` publication can only be welcomed , not only by comparative and historical linguists but by everyone interested in the early history and cultures of Greater Asia . The thousands of pages in these three volumes make available important scholarship by our Russian colleagues , much of which until recently lurked in the decent obscurity of Soviet books and periodicals always difficult if not impossible to obtain in the West ... ''
References
Altaic languages
Comparative linguistics
2003 books
Linguistics books
Etymological dictionaries
Jean Mendy may refer to :
Jean Alassane Mendy , Senegalese footballer .
Jean Baptiste Mendy , Senegal-born French boxer
David Johnson ( born 23 August 1944 ) is a former English cricketer . Johnson was a right-handed batsman . They were born in Dowsby , Lincolnshire .
Johnson made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 1965 Minor Counties Championship against Shropshire . Johnson played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1965 to 1967 , which included 15 Minor Counties Championship appearances . They made their List A debut against Hampshire in the 1966 Gillette Cup . In this match they scored 16 runs , before being dismissed by Alan Wassell . They played a further List A match against the same opposition in the 1967 Gillette Cup . Opening the batting , they were dismissed for 7 runs by Derek Shackleton .
References
External links
David Johnson at ESPNcricinfo
David Johnson at CricketArchive
1944 births
Living people
People from South Kesteven District
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
Winai Dahlan ( ) ( born on 7 January 1952 ) is the Founder Director of the Halal Science Center Chulalongkorn University . They are also the Head of The Lipid and Fat Science Research as well as International Graduate Program Chair in Food and Nutrition , Faculty of Allied Health Sciences , Chulalongkorn University .
Dahlan was born to parents of Javanese descent in Bangkok . Their father is Irfan Dahlan and their mother is Zahrah . Their grandfather Ahmad Dahlan is National Hero of Indonesia . They are currently in the position of Associate professor of C9 level involving with scientific training . They have had many researches of more than 30 articles having been published both locally and internationally including scientific and nutrition articles of more than two thousand pieces and their writing in three Weekly Magazines since 1989 . Winai Dahlan is one of “ The World 's 500 Most Influential Muslims
, '' for 13 consecutive years of 2010-2022 compiled by the Royal Islamic Strategic Studies Centre and the only Thai Muslim Scientist ranked in “ The World 's 16 most Influential Muslim Scientists ” in Science and Technology .
Education
Ph.D . Applied Medical Biology ( grand distinction ) , Faculty of Medicine and Pharmacy , St-Pierre Hospital , Université Libre de Bruxelles , Brussels , Belgium , 1989
M.S . Nutrition , Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital , Mahidol University , Bangkok , Thailand , 1982
B.Sc . Biochemistry , Faculty of Science , Chulalongkorn University , Bangkok , Thailand , 1976
Career
Lecturer , Chulalongkorn University , 1993-present
Founding Director , The Halal Science Center , Chulalongkorn University , 2004-present
Vice President , The Central Islamic Council of Thailand ( CICOT ) , 2013-present
Chairman , The Halal Standard Institute of Thailand ( HSIT ) , 2014-present
Member , The National Reform Committee on Social , 2017-present
Member , Thailand Halal Task Force ( Ministry of Agricuture and Cooperatives ) , 2022
Member , Committee of Muslim-friendly tourism promotion ( Ministry of Tourism and Sports ) , 2022
References
External links
Dr. Winai Dahlan Website
Profile of Winai Dahlan
Board Of Halal Science Center
Halal Science Center News
Winai Dahlan
Winai Dahlan
Winai Dahlan
Winai Dahlan
Winai Dahlan
Winai Dahlan
Winai Dahlan
Living people
1952 births
Jiang Lin ( ; born 23 October 1981 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a male archer from the People 's Republic of China .
2008 Summer Olympics
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , Jiang finished their ranking round with a total of 632 points . This gave them the 55th seed for the final competition bracket in which they faced Lee Chang-Hwan in the first round . Lee won the confrontation with 112-108 and would eventually be beaten in the third round .
Together with Li Wenquan and Xue Haifeng , Jiang also took part in the team event . With their 632 score from the ranking round combined with the 646 of Li and the 663 of Xue the Chinese were in 12th and last position after the ranking round . However , in the first round they were too strong for the British team 214-210 . They advanced to the semi final by eliminating Russia 217-209 , but lost against South Korea 221-218 . In the bronze medal match China was too strong for the team from Ukraine , beating them 222-219 to claim the bronze .
References
Major achievements
Recurve Men category
44 th world Outdoor Target Archery Championships 07.07.2007 Leipzig , Germany : Position 22
World Archery Cup , Stage 1 01.04.2007 Ulsan , Korea : Position 31
Meteksan World Cup Stage 4 27.09.2006 Shanghai , PR China : Position 8
Meteksan World Cup Stage 1- EMAU Grand Prix 10.05.2006 Porec , Croatia : Position 20
External links
Profile 2007 International Archery Tournament
1981 births
Living people
Archers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Chinese male archers
Olympic archers of China
Olympic bronze medalists for China
Sportspeople from Qingdao
Olympic medalists in archery
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
The Iron Block Building , so named for the words Iron Block embossed high on its front facade is an historic two-story
commercial building located at 530 12th Street West ( Old Main Street ) across from the Manatee County Courthouse in Bradenton , Manatee County , Florida . The Iron Block Building was built in 1896 in the cast iron style of architecture by Dr. Charles Ballard . It originally housed Reed 's Cash Store . The building would be moved from its original location at the southwest corner of Manatee Avenue and 12th Street West to its present location in 1921 . It has been restored and according to A Guide to Florida 's Historic Architecture features original `` pressed metal facades on three sides . ''
In 1989 , the Iron Block Building was listed in A Guide to Florida 's Historic Architecture , published by the University of Florida Press . '' Today it houses professional offices and retail businesses .
References
Cast-iron architecture in the United States
Commercial buildings in Florida
Commercial buildings completed in 1896
Buildings and structures in Manatee County , Florida
1896 establishments in Florida
The 2007 Virginia Tech Hokies football team represented Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University during the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The team 's head coach was Frank Beamer .
The Hokies entered the season returning nine starters on offense and eight on defense , including All-American cornerback Brandon Flowers , from a 2006 team that went 10-3 and finished second in the ACC 's Coastal Division behind Georgia Tech .
After the Virginia Tech massacre claimed the lives of 32 students and faculty members on Monday , April 16 , 2007 , the remainder of spring practice was canceled . The Hokies had been scheduled to hold two more practices in addition to a spring game on Saturday . As a special tribute , ESPN 's College GameDay program broadcast from Blacksburg for the Hokies ' opening game against East Carolina .
Schedule
Rankings
Personnel
Coaching staff
Roster
Recruiting
National Signing Day was on 2007-02-07 . The Hokies ' recruiting class was highlighted by Tyrod Taylor , who was rated the # 1 dual threat quarterback in the country . Taylor was announced as the Hokies ' # 2 quarterback on August 21 .
Below is a list of the recruits that signed their letter of intent with Virginia Tech :
Post-season awards
Following the Hokies ' victory over Virginia , which clinched the division title , Xavier Adibi , Chris Ellis , Victor Harris , and Eddie Royal were honored as first team all-ACC , while Barry Booker , Duane Brown and Brandon Flowers were recognized on the second team .
References
External links
Virginia Tech
Virginia Tech Hokies football seasons
Atlantic Coast Conference football champion seasons
Virginia Tech Hokies football
The Cathedral of Christ The King is a Catholic cathedral in Johannesburg , South Africa .
History
The cathedral was built in 1958 in Berea . The plans to build the cathedral were envisioned by David O'Leary in 1937 . O'Leary was the first South African born Catholic Bishop of Johannesburg . O'Leary had originally intended the cathedral to be built on a site near Kerk Street but that land was partially sold and the remainder became the Kerk Street Church .
The cathedral plans were put on hold due to the outbreak of the Second World War and O'Leary died in 1950 . In 1957 a site was bought in Saratoga Avenue by Bishop W.P.Whelan and funds were collected to lay the first stone in 1958 . The Cathedral of Christ the King was designed by architect Brian Gregory from Belfast , Northern Ireland . The construction work was overseen by John P. Monahan and completed in 1958 by contractors John Burrow ( Pty ) Ltd of Johannesburg . The cathedral was consecrated and opened in 1960 .
Whelan went on to be Archbishop of Bloemfontein and to cause some controversy when they failed to distance the South African Catholic church from apartheid in 1964 .
History
The old cathedral in Kerk Street , built in 1896 , had served the catholic community well , but with increasing numbers , it was decided to erect a new and larger cathedral that would be the most worthy structure possible . The new cathedral now stands at the corner of End Street , once the limit , as its name implies , of the town 's development , and Saratoga Avenue . This is a reasonably quiet situation , which , with the city 's expansion , in now comparatively centrally located .
The site was originally the location of Henry Nourse 's House , which was recorded in property records for 1913 and 1925 .
Design
Modern in its detailing and construction , the cathedral has a traditional Latin cross form with a high nave – , transepts , crossing and sanctuary . The nave is approximately long and has a vast capacity with seating for 1,500 people . A gallery seats a further 130 people . The side chapels are flat-roofed single storey spaces that wrap around the perimeter of the nave , along with the large meeting room and sacristies towards the End Street end of the building . The building rises from the pavement level on Saratoga Avenue , giving an impressive front facade .
Reconstituted stone panels with open lattice patterns form the framework for the geometric stained glass windows , and as with historic Cathedral design , the structure is divided into regular bays . Rather than traditional stone , the main structural frame is of reinforced concrete . The framework is infilled with face brick , except in the sanctuary where marble is used . The building finishes were left unpainted to reduce future maintenance liability and the flooring chosen was durable marble , terrazzo , mosaic and linoleum .
Liturgical foci – the altar , baptismal font and holy water fonts – are constructed in solid Botticino marble . The canopy over the high altar is constructed of edge-grained oregon pine with sapele mahogany fascias , in the form of a hyperbolic paraboloid supported on laminated sapele mahogany columns .
Two types of concrete were used : normal aggregate for hidden structural work , and a special red granite aggregate for exposed surfaces which were subsequently bush hammered . Portal roof frames at approximately intervals support precast purlins and precast roof slabs , screeded with vermiculite and covered with copper sheeting on felt insulation .
The cathedral was designed with accessibility to all in mind , with a shallow gradient ramp incorporated at the End Street entrance . A flight of steps leads up from Saratoga Avenue , where a projecting concrete slab provides a canopy overhead .
Stained glass windows transform the sunshine outside into patterns of blue , red , orange , yellow and green within the nave of the Cathedral . The theme of each bay or picture windows was suggested by Bishop Boyle . All the stained glass work was carried out by Patrick Pollen of Dublin .
The subject matter of the windows is as follows :
Gospel side - Christ Meets their Mother ; Flight into Egypt ; Nativity of Jesus ; Immaculate Conception
Epistle side - Christ the King ; Feed my Sheep ; Pentecost ; Assumption of Mary
Clerestory - Cross and Nails ; Virgo Potens ; Lamb of God ; Rosa Mystica ; Chi Rho and Crown ; Fold of Sheep ; Holy Ghost ; Vas Honoris
Nave high level , Gospel side - Winged man ( symbol of Matthew the Evangelist ) ; winged lion ( symbol of Mark the Evangelist ) ; Chi Rho in circle of Eternity ; Wheat ( bread ) ; Anchor ( faith ) ; Pelican ( Christ 's church ) ; The Trinity ; Fish and Net ( net of souls )
Nave high level , Epistle side – winged ox or bull ( symbol of Luke the Evangelist ) ; eagle ( symbol of John the Evangelist ) ; Fish ( ) ; Grapes ( Wine ) ; Ship ; Chalice ; Host ; Alpha & Omega ; Keys of St. Peter
The organ is one of the best instruments in the City of Johannesburg . The specification of the new organ of the Cathedral of Christ the King , has been drawn up by the present writer in consultation with the representatives of the firm of Cooper , Gill and Tomkins , Johannesburg , who have been awarded the contract to build the instrument . Incorporated in the new organ is the instrument formerly in the Pro-Cathedral of The Immaculate Conception , Kerk Street .
Recent history
In September 1995 Pope John Paul II visited the cathedral as part of their visit to South Africa .
A memorial service for the late Pope John Paul II was held at the Cathedral of Christ the King on Wednesday 6 April 2005 . The sermon was delivered by Buti Thlagale , bishop of the Johannesburg Diocese , who hailed the Pope for their recognition of African cultures .
On 17 March 2009 , the funeral of Father Lionel Sham took place at the Cathedral of Christ the King . Tragically murdered by two of their own congregation , the cathedral was full of family and friends celebrating the life of the much-loved priest .
About 4,500 people attended the service celebrated by Buti Tlhagale , archbishop of Johannesburg in thanksgiving for the new diocesan chancery building which was blessed the same day , in September 2012 . The administrative centre for the archdiocese , the chancery was built at a cost of R30 million . Every parish in the diocese helped raise the funds needed for the project .
Heritage status
The building is historically and culturally significant for the following reasons :
The Cathedral of Christ the King is the head church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Johannesburg
Cathedral of Christ the King is constructed in high quality modern materials with distinctive reconstituted stone tracery detailing
The Cathedral of Christ the King is a local landmark building and focal meeting point for the Roman Catholic community of Johannesburg
Cathedral of Christ the King contains notable artworks , including the stained glass windows , marble liturgical foci carved from solid marble , a copy of the Pieta and other statues .
Its association with the Right Revd David O'Leary , the first South African born Catholic Bishop of Johannesburg
References
External link
Buildings and structures in Johannesburg
Churches in Johannesburg
Christ The King
Yago Fernández Prieto ( born 5 January 1988 ) , known simply as Yago , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a central defender .
Club career
Early years
Born in Lisbon to a Spanish father , Yago played for four clubs during their youth career , starting with hometown 's S.L . Benfica at the age of nine then successively representing Sporting CP , Real Madrid and Valencia CF . As a senior , their first spell was with the latter 's reserve team in Tercera División , in a promotion-ending campaign .
Subsequently , Yago continued in Spain , playing two years for RCD Espanyol B , helping the side promote to Segunda División B and being relegated in their second season . In January 2010 , they returned to their country for an unassuming loan spell with Gil Vicente F.C . in the Segunda Liga ( no appearances whatsoever ) .
Malmö
In July 2010 , after not having their contract renewed by Espanyol , Yago was taken on trial by Swedish club Malmö FF , which had just lost Jasmin Sudić with a ruptured cruciate ligament . They played against Fulham in a 0–0 friendly draw , and their performance earned them a contract for the rest of the year , with the deal being confirmed by manager Roland Nilsson .
On 8 December 2010 , shortly after winning the Allsvenskan title , Yago signed a new one-year deal with Malmö . However , they chose not to offer them a new contract after the 2011 season .
AEK Athens
In August 2012 , following a five-month spell with Girona FC in Segunda División , during which they scored in a 5–3 home win against Xerez CD , Yago agreed to a three-year contract with AEK Athens FC .
Häcken
On 19 August 2013 , Yago signed for BK Häcken , thus returning to Sweden . In November , after failing to make an appearance , they left the club .
Oriental
Yago moved to Clube Oriental de Lisboa in early August 2014 , after a short stint in Kazakhstan with FC Shakhter Karagandy . They played their first game as a professional in their country on 5 October , featuring the full 90 minutes in a 0–0 home draw against G.D. Chaves .
Club statistics
Honours
Malmö FF
Allsvenskan : 2010
References
External links
Malmö official profile
National team data
1988 births
Living people
Portuguese people of Spanish descent
Footballers from Lisbon
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
Gil Vicente F.C . players
Clube Oriental de Lisboa players
U.D . Leiria players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol players
Valencia CF Mestalla footballers
RCD Espanyol B footballers
Girona FC players
La Roda CF players
CF Torre Levante players
Allsvenskan players
Malmö FF players
BK Häcken players
Super League Greece players
AEK Athens F.C . players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
FC Shakhter Karagandy players
Portugal youth international footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Patrick Keary Jerel Colbert ( born May 21 , 1982 ) is an American football coach and former player who is currently the wide receivers coach at the University of Florida .
Colbert played as a wide receiver and was drafted by the Carolina Panthers in the second round of the 2004 NFL Draft . They also played for the Denver Broncos , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Florida Tuskers , Sacramento Mountain Lions , and Kansas City Chiefs . They played college football at USC .
Early years
Colbert attended Hueneme High School in Oxnard , California , and was a letterman in football and track . They also lettered in basketball as a sophomore . Colbert also attended Sunkist Elementary and E.O . Green Junior High School . They played football as a youth for the Port Hueneme Rhinos .
College career
They attended University of Southern California , where they were a star wide receiver . In their final year at USC ( 2003 ) , Colbert made an unbelievable catch while they were interfered by two defenders in the Rose Bowl against University of Michigan , broke away and walked into the end zone for a touchdown . Colbert 's 149 yards in the Rose Bowl were a career-high . The effort helped USC capture the AP National Championship . Colbert caught at least one pass in their final 36 games , and left USC as the school 's all-time leader in pass receptions , passing Kareem Kelly with 207 . They earned All-Pac-10 second-team honors their senior year and finished second on the team with 69 receptions for 1,013 yards and nine touchdowns .
Professional career
Carolina Panthers
Colbert was the Carolina Panthers ' second round pick in the 2004 NFL Draft . With the Panthers , they stepped into the 2nd receiver spot when Steve Smith was injured . They filled in nicely , with 47 catches for 754 yards and 5 touchdowns . On Oct 10 , Colbert recorded 4 receptions for 115 yards and a touchdown against the Denver Broncos , setting a franchise rookie record with 28.7 yards/reception .
With high expectations for Colbert in the 2005 season , they struggled catching 25 passes for 282 yards and just 2 touchdowns . In 2006 , Colbert was often inactive late in the season , and following a mediocre 2007 campaign , was placed on injured reserve .
Denver Broncos
On March 1 , 2008 , they signed with the Denver Broncos to a three-year , $ 7.2 million contract , including a $ 2.5 million signing bonus .
Seattle Seahawks
On September 16 , 2008 , Colbert was acquired from the Denver Broncos by the Seattle Seahawks for a conditional fifth-round pick in the 2009 NFL Draft . Colbert was released by the Seahawks on November 11 .
Detroit Lions
Colbert was signed by the Detroit Lions on December 1 , 2008 after wide receiver Mike Furrey was placed on injured reserve . On May 7 , 2009 , they were resigned to the Lions for the 2009 season . On September 5 , 2009 , they were cut from the team .
Sacramento Mountain Lions
On June 12 , 2011 , Colbert signed with the Sacramento Mountain Lions of the United Football League .
Kansas City Chiefs
On August 10 , 2011 , Colbert signed with the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League . They were waived on November 23 .
Coaching career
First stint at USC
In 2010 , Colbert was hired as the assistant tight ends coach at USC , a position they held for only one season .
Georgia State
In 2013 , Colbert was the assistant wide receivers coach at Georgia State .
Alabama
Colbert served as the offensive analyst at Alabama during their 2014 and 2015 seasons . They helped the Crimson Tide win two SEC titles and a national championship in 2015 season
Second stint at USC
In 2016 , Colbert returned to the USC coaching staff as an offensive analyst . In 2018 Colbert became the tight ends coach . In 2019 Colbert became the receivers coach .
Florida
On December 15 , 2021 , Colbert was named as wide receivers coach at Florida , joining the staff of first year head coach Billy Napier .
References
External links
Denver Broncos bio
Detroit Lions bio
USC Trojans bio
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Oxnard , California
American football wide receivers
USC Trojans football players
Carolina Panthers players
Denver Broncos players
Seattle Seahawks players
Detroit Lions players
Florida Tuskers players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Georgia State Panthers football coaches
Sportspeople from Ventura County , California
Ceroprepes atrbasilaris is a species of snout moth in the genus Ceroprepes . It was described by Y . Du , S. Song and D. Yang in 2005 and is known from China .
References
Moths described in 2005
Phycitinae
Massachusetts House of Representatives ' 17th Suffolk district in the United States is one of 160 legislative districts included in the lower house of the Massachusetts General Court . It covers part of the city of Boston in Suffolk County . Since 1995 , Kevin G. Honan of the Democratic Party has represented the district .
The current district geographic boundary overlaps with those of the Massachusetts Senate 's Middlesex and Suffolk district and 2nd Suffolk and Middlesex district .
Representatives
Frederick Sheenan
James Conboy
Daniel Murphy
Joseph McGrath
Coleman Kelly
Patrick Sullivan
Thomas Dorgan
John Wickes
Charles Louis Patrone
James A. Burke
Michael Paul Feeney
John F. Melia
Michael Daly
Daniel Pokaski
Kevin Fitzgerald
Kevin Honan
See also
List of Massachusetts House of Representatives elections
List of Massachusetts General Courts
List of former districts of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Images
Portraits of legislators
References
Further reading
External links
Ballotpedia . Massachusetts House of Representatives Seventeenth Suffolk District
( State House district information based on U.S. Census Bureau 's American Community Survey ) .
House
Government of Suffolk County , Massachusetts
The Boa Esperança Hydroelectric Power Station ( formerly known as Marshal Castelo Branco Hydroelectric Power Station ) is a hydroelectric power station in the city of Guadalupe , Piauí in Brazil . It is located on the Parnaíba River .
See also
List of power stations in Brazil
Buildings and structures in Piauí
Hydroelectric power stations in Brazil
Kompakt : Total 2 or Total 2 was released on 25 July 2000 . The album is the second installment of the Cologne-based microhouse label 's annual compilation of vinyl releases and exclusives from its biggest artists and most promising newcomers . Except one ( see below ) all tracks on the vinyl edition were previously unreleased at the time of release . CD edition includes most of the tracks from the vinyl edition , and additionally some songs which were at the time of release already available on 12 inches from Kompakt .
Track listings
Vinyl
A1 Reinhard Voigt – `` Zu Dicht Dran '' ( 4:49 )
A2 Closer Musik – `` Piraten '' ( 7:49 )
B1 M. Mayer – `` Amanda '' ( 6:49 )
B2 The Modernist – `` Channel 28 '' ( 6:52 )
C1 Dettinger – `` Lemon '' ( 6:36 )
C2 Jonas Bering – `` Storch '' ( 5:24 )
C3 Sascha Funke – `` Appearance Are Deceptive '' ( 4:53 )
D1 Superpitcher – `` Shadows '' ( 7:11 )
D2 Jimmi Moon – `` Lovelane '' ( 5:26 )
Tracks A2 and C3 are exclusive to vinyl version . `` Channel 28 '' ( which is not on the CD ) is taken from the album 'The Modernist – Explosion ' released December 1999 . Tracks B1 , C1 and D1 are shortened on the CD .
CD
Reinhard Voigt – `` Zu Dicht Dran '' ( 4:49 )
Schaeben Voss – `` Fein Raus '' ( 5:32 )
Gebr . Teichmann – `` Aus Der Ferne '' ( 4:10 )
Lawrence – `` Gilbert '' ( 6:16 )
Dettinger – `` Lemon '' ( 5:55 )
Jonas Bering – `` Storch '' ( 5:24 )
M. Mayer – `` Amanda '' ( 5:31 )
Closer Musik – `` One Two Three ( No Gravity ) '' ( 6:49 )
Philippe Cam – `` Karine '' ( 6:16 )
Sascha Funke – `` Safety First '' ( 5:28 )
Dubstar – `` Shining Through '' ( 6:30 )
Superpitcher – `` Shadows '' ( 5:54 )
Jimmi Moon – `` Lovelane '' ( 5:26 )
Seven of the tracks on the CD are taken from previously released 12 '' vinyls from Kompakt or sub-labels ( catalogue number in parentheses ) : # 2 ( KOM17 ) ; # 3 ( KOM14 ) ; # 4 ( dialrec01 ) ; # 8 ( KOM16 ) ; # 9 ( TRAUM V04 ) ; # 10 ( KOM19 ) ; # 11 ( KOM11 ) .
References
External links
2000 compilation albums
Kompakt compilation albums
Microhouse albums
Record label compilation albums
Mount Powell is the highest summit of the Gore Range in the Rocky Mountains of North America . The prominent thirteener is located in the Eagles Nest Wilderness , north by east ( bearing 8° ) of the Town of Vail , Colorado , United States , along the drainage divide separating White River National Forest and Eagle County from Arapaho National Forest and Summit County . Mount Powell was named in honor of John Wesley Powell who climbed to the summit in 1868 .
Mountain
Mount Powell is very prominent when viewed from the north east , rising 6,000 feet above Green Mountain Reservoir .
See also
List of mountain peaks of North America
List of mountain peaks of the United States
List of mountain peaks of Colorado
Further reading
Mike Garratt , Bob Martin , Colorado 's High Thirteeners : A Climbing and Hiking Guide , PP 3-4
Randy Jacobs , Robert M. Ormes , Guide to the Colorado Mountains , P 143
References
External links
Powell
Powell
Powell
Arapaho National Forest
White River National Forest
Powell
Mali Vrh ( , formerly also Plinbreg , ) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in northeastern Slovenia . It is now part of the village of Kremberk . The area is part of the traditional region of Styria . The municipality is now included in the Drava Statistical Region .
Geography
Mali Vrh stands along a ridge south of the village center of Kremberk , just west of Zgornja Ročica .
History
Mali Vrh was annexed by Kremberk in 1952 , ending its existence as an independent settlement .
References
External links
Mali Vrh ( unmarked ) with Kremberk at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Sveta Ana
Former settlements in Slovenia
Espionage is a British-produced TV spy anthology series broadcast in the United States on NBC from October 2 , 1963 , until September 2 , 1964 .
Synopsis
Made from actual case histories , episodes used newsreel and documented narratives to show activities of spies from various countries as far back as the American Revolution and as recent as the Cold War . The 24 black-and-white episodes , each with a running time of 48 minutes , had no regular cast .
Guest cast
Featured guest stars included :
Martin Balsam
David Kossoff
Dennis Hopper
Patricia Neal
Joan Hickson
Patrick Troughton
Billie Whitelaw
Patrick Cargill
Jill Bennett
Millicent Martin
Anthony Quayle – a real-life `` spy '' with the Special Operations Executive during World War II .
Many of the cast members were largely unknown in the United States when this series was first broadcast and some members would go on to fame in the US because of the exposure .
Production
Herbert Hirschman and Herbert Brodkin were the producers . The theme music was composed and conducted by Malcolm Arnold .
The program was broadcast from 9 to 10 p.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday nights .
Episode list
This list is in NBC 's airdate order .
References
External links
CTA information
1960s British drama television series
1963 British television series debuts
1964 British television series endings
British drama television series
Espionage television series
Television series by ITC Entertainment
ITV television dramas
British military television series
NBC original programming
Black-and-white British television shows
English-language television shows
1960s American crime drama television series
American spy drama television series
`` The Radio '' is a song by Italian electronica/dance DJ Mario Fargetta under the guise of Get Far , with vocals by British singer/rapper H-Boogie . The single was released in May 2010 and reached number one on the Billboard Hot Dance Airplay chart in August 2010 . It also reached number one in the Czech Republic and peaked at number 4 in Slovakia . The song borrows quotes from `` Il Giocatore Di Biliardo '' by Branduardi .
Track listing
The Radio ( UK CD )
The Radio ( Radio Edit )
The Radio ( Extended Mix )
The Radio ( Instrumental Dub )
The Radio ( Simon From Deep Divas Remix )
The Radio ( Rendered Mix )
The Radio ( Paolo Ortelli Vs . Degree Remix )
The Radio ( Molella Edit )
The Radio ( Molella Remix )
The Radio ( Alex Gaudino & Jason Remix )
The Radio ( DJ Ross & Alessandro Mix )
The Radio ( DJ Ross & Alessandro Edit )
Chart positions
See also
List of number-one dance airplay hits of 2010 ( U.S . )
References
2010 singles
2009 songs
Island Records singles
This is a list of former state routes in Ohio since 1923 with route numbers from 675 through 824 inclusive .
SR 675 ( 1937–1962 )
SR 675 was the name for what is now SR 685 . Created in 1937 , the route always started at SR 216 in Buchtel and ran east for to SR 13 in Trimble Township , south of Jacksonville . The entire route was located in Athens County . The route would remain unchanged until 1962 when the route number was changed from 675 to 685 due to the creation of Interstate 675 in Dayton .
SR 680 ( 1937–1962 )
SR 680 was the former designation for SR 681 from 1937 until 1962 . SR 680 was created on a road from SR 356 near Mineral to SR 7 at the Ohio River in Reedsville via Albany and Darwin . No changes occurred to the routing until 1962 when it was renumbered to SR 681 to avoid the duplication with the newly designated Interstate 680 near Youngstown .
SR 686
SR 686 was a state route in Stark County connecting SR 93 in Lawrence Township to US 21 in northern Massillon . The route existed from 1937 until 1941 when it was replaced by Stark County Road 348 , also called Orrville Street NW .
SR 692
SR 692 was a state route in Scipio Township connecting SR 143 between Walsh and Harrisonville to SR 680 ( later SR 681 ) north of Pageville . The route also intersected SR 684 at SR 684 's northern terminus in Pageville . The route existed from 1937 until December 2013 when most of the route was transferred to Meigs County jurisdiction . North of SR 684 , the road became a part of SR 684 .
SR 695
SR 695 was a short-lived state route serving as the main road through the Belmont County community of Lloydsville . Prior to 1939 , US 40 ran through the town , but in 1939 a bypass was built north of the community . SR 695 was designated onto the old main road when US 40 was moved to the bypass . Within one year , SR 695 was replaced by US 40 Alternate , a designation that would last until the 1960s .
SR 699
SR 699 was a state highway entirely in Wyandot County in existence from 1937 until 1996 . From 1937 until 1964 , SR 699 started in Marseilles Township at SR 37 and ran due north past SR 294 , SR 53 , and the village of Kirby to end at US 30N . After 1965 , SR 699 was shortened to run only between SR 53 and US 30N ( later US 30 ) serving Kirby . The route was deleted in 1996 when it was replaced by SR 293 which had formerly been a spur route from US 30 to the village of Wharton .
SR 702
SR 702 was a short state highway spur from SR 235 to Turkeyfoot Point on the Indian Lake shoreline entirely in Stokes Township , Logan County . The route was designated in 1940 and remained on this alignment until 1977 . Today , the former state route is a township-maintained road ( T-293 ) .
SR 704
SR 704 was the designation for what is now SR 81 between Willshire and Lima from 1937 until 1939 . The route was replaced by SR 81 which formerly ended in Ada when it was extended through Lima .
SR 714
SR 714 was the designation for SR 814 prior to 1983 . First designated in 1937 , SR 714 always ran from US 36 in Union Township to SR 290 ( later SR 296 ) in Salem Township . The route was entirely in Champaign County . After 1983 , the route designation was renumbered to SR 814 .
SR 723 ( 1939–1945 )
SR 723 was a state highway in Warren and Clinton Counties in central Ohio . The route started in Harveysburg at SR 73 and ran north to SR 380 near New Burlington . The entire route generally followed the Caesar Creek between its two ends . The route existed from 1939 until 1945 when it became a local road . Today , part of the road is underwater as the Caesar Creek Lake was filled in the 1970s as a part of the creation of Caesar Creek State Park .
SR 751 ( 1937–1959 )
SR 751 was a state highway in and around the eastern side of Columbus . When it was first designated in 1937 , the route was about and ran from US 40 to SR 16 , paralleling the Big Walnut Creek for its entire length . Two years later , SR 751 was extended south to US 33 southeast of the city bringing the total length to . Again , the entire route closely followed Big Walnut Creek . The route was deleted after 1959 being replaced by mostly local roads as by the time of its deletion , most of the land through which SR 751 passed through had been incorporated .
SR 773
SR 773 was the designation for what is now SR 162 between Rochester and Akron in 1937 . After one year signed , the entire route was replaced by SR 162 , which during the time of SR 773 's existence , had its eastern terminus in New London . SR 162 was routed over a new road between New London and Rochester to connect to SR 773 and continue to Akron .
SR 780
SR 780 was a state route in Highland County . The route began at SR 134 in the Salem Township community of Harwood and ran northeast and east to SR 138 in the Hamer Township community of Danville . SR 780 was designated in 1937 and fully paved by 1941 . After 1946 , SR 131 was extended from its former end in Vera Cruz taking over the entire length of SR 780 .
SR 782
SR 782 was a state-maintained section of Sandusky Street in Downtown Columbus . The route started at West Broad Street ( which carried US 40 , US 62 , and SR 3 ) and traveled north to US 33 ( Dublin Road ) . When the route was created around 1949 , the northern terminus was at an intersection with US 33 , but by 1955 the northern terminus was reconstructed to an interchange . The route was still in existence in 1957 , but later the right-of-way of Sandusky Street was obliterated by the construction of the West Innerbelt ( first a section of Interstate 71 , now a part of SR 315 ) .
External links
The Spring-Sandusky Interchange
SR 791
SR 791 was a state route in and around Canton along Raff Road between an intersection with Navarre Road ( US 62 ) and Canton-Massillon Road in Canton Township to Tuscarawas Street ( US 30 ) in Canton . The route was created in 1946 . Following the completion of the US 30 / US 62 freeway through Canton , the route at SR 791 's northern terminus became SR 172 but the route 's southern terminus remained at what used to be the Navarre Road intersection . 1976 was the last year SR 791 appeared on the official Ohio highway map , but the route remained in the Stark County traffic logs through 1988 .
SR 793 ( 1937 )
SR 793 was a state route located in northwestern Columbus for one year , 1937 . Until 1937 , the route that SR 793 would follow was signed as SR 31 . In 1937 , SR 31 switched the route it used to enter Columbus ; SR 31 headed south to US 40 while SR 793 was routed from Marble Cliff to northwestern Columbus at US 23 . Within one year , SR 31 was back on its original alignment , this time co-signed with the newly signed US 33 .
SR 793 ( 1959–2006 )
SR 793 was a spur to the Southeastern Ohio Training Center ( also called the Boys ' Industrial School and the Fairfield School for Boys ) in Hocking Township , Fairfield County to the city of Lancaster . The route started at the entrance to the training center and traveled north for to an interchange at South Memorial Drive , which carried US 33 during the time of SR 793 's existence . SR 793 was designated in 1959 and had its jurisdiction transferred to Fairfield County and Lancaster City on May 23 , 2006 . The section of the route within the city is now only called South Broad Street while the former route outside of it is called Fairfield County Road 90 .
SR 794 ( 1937–1942 )
SR 794 was the designation for a state-maintained section of Washingtonville Road and short portion of Western Reserve Road in southern Mahoning County . The route started in Washingtonville at SR 14 ( which straddled the Mahoning–Columbiana County line ) and traveled north through Green Township before reaching a T-intersection with Western Reserve Road on the Green-Canfield Township . SR 794 then traveled east to end at a nearby intersection with SR 46 in the community of Marquis . The route was created in 1937 as a dirt road and was paved within one year . SR 794 was decommissioned between 1942 and 1945 and replaced by Mahoning County Road 95 ( the north–south portion ) and CR 32 ( the Western Reserve Road portion ) .
SR 794 ( 1950–2013 )
SR 794 was a route in Green Township , Clark County serving the Springfield-Beckley Municipal Airport and the Springfield Air National Guard Base . The route , created in 1950 , connected US 68 and SR 72 south of Springfield . It remained in existence until 2013 when the route and a new alignment built around the National Guard Base was transferred to Clark County jurisdiction .
SR 796
SR 796 was the designation for a former segment of SR 31 through the Good Hope Township community of Rockbridge . In 1938 , SR 31 was replaced by US 33 southeast of Columbus ; as a part of this renumbering , a bypass of Rockbridge was built . SR 796 was assigned on the former two-lane road through the area . The route would remain along this alignment until 1964 when it was removed in conjunction with the construction of the US 33 expressway through the county . All of the former route along Rockbridge Road A , Main Street , and Jackson Street is now known as Hocking County Road 10 .
SR 797 ( 1939–1941 )
SR 797 was a state route in Portage County connecting SR 43 in Franklin Township ( just north of Kent to SR 82 in the Mantua Center section of Mantua Township . Throughout its history from 1939 until 1941 , the portion of the route between SR 43 and SR 14 was asphalt-paved , the section between SR 14 and SR 303 including its concurrency with it was gravel-paved , between SR 303 and halfway to Mantua Center was a dirt road , and the remainder was gravel . Today , most of the former route is called Diagonal Road and Portage County Road 155 , though the latter is not designated through the portion that is now part of incorporated Streetsboro .
SR 797 ( 1946–2014 )
SR 797 was a route in Perry Township , Muskingum County that served the Zanesville Municipal Airport about east of the city of Zanesville . It was initially created in 1946 running from the airport 's entrance to an intersection with US 22 and US 40 . In 1965 , with the completion of Interstate 70 in the area , SR 797 was extended north about . The total length of the route was from the time of the extension until 2003 . That year , the portion south of US 22/US 40 was transferred to county jurisdiction with the short remainder of the route between US 22/US 40 and I-70 becoming county-maintained by 2014 .
SR 798
SR 798 was a state route in Belmont County connecting SR 647 and the northern city limits of Martins Ferry at SR 7 . The route ran through mostly hilly terrain between its two termini . The route was first signed in 1939 and last appeared on the Ohio state highway map in 1978 but the route did appear in the 1980 Belmont County traffic report . Today the former SR 798 is a part of Deep Run Road ( Belmont County Road 2 ) and Nixon Run Road ( CR 16 ) .
SR 824
SR 824 was the designation for the road connecting SR 338 and the West Virginia state line near Ravenswood in Lebanon Township , Meigs County . The route included the Ohio portion of the Ravenswood Bridge over the Ohio River . The route was signed in 1981 upon the opening of the bridge and was in existence until 2003 when the bridge became a part of the rerouted US 33 through Meigs County .
References
8
F-8
Titan Nunatak ( ) is a broad , rather flat-topped nunatak , rising to about 460 m , standing between Coal Nunatak and Tethys Nunataks in the southeast corner of Alexander Island , Antarctica . The nunatak was first sighted and photographed from the air by Lincoln Ellsworth on November 23 , 1935 , and mapped from photos obtained on that flight by W.L.G . Joerg . Observed from the northwest ( the direction from which Ellsworth photographed this nunatak ) , only the summit protrudes above the coastal ice , and it was uncertain whether this was a Peak on Alexander Island or an island in George VI Sound . Its true nature was determined by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey who surveyed this nunatak in 1949 . Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee for its association with nearby Saturn Glacier , Titan being one of the satellites of the planet Saturn , the sixth planet of the Solar System .
See also
Dione Nunataks
Iapetus Nunatak
Shaw Nunatak
Nunataks of Alexander Island
The 1961–62 Danish 1. division season was the fifth season of ice hockey in Denmark . Four teams participated in the league , and KSF Copenhagen won the championship .
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1961 in Danish sport
1962 in Danish sport
José Alonso Valero ( born 12 February 1957 in El Vendrell , Tarragona ) is a retired Spanish hurdler , who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles . During the indoor season they competed over 400 metres , winning two medals at the 1985 and 1986 European Indoor Championships .
International competitions
References
1957 births
Living people
Spanish male hurdlers
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Spain
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Spain
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1983 Mediterranean Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1987 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Brisbane is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Moon , to the south of the crater Peirescius . To the northwest lie the craters Vega and Reimarus , and farther to the east is the walled plain Lyot . Due to its proximity to the limb , foreshortening of this crater causes it to appear somewhat elliptical in shape , even though it is actually circular .
This is an old , eroded crater with features that have become somewhat softened and rounded due to a history of subsequent minor impacts . There are small craterlets along the rim , most notably along the western wall and the northeast inner wall . There is also a groove overlying the southwest rim . The interior floor is nearly level and contains no significant impacts . There is a slight central rise at the midpoint .
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Brisbane .
References
External links
Impact craters on the Moon
The yellow-eared woodpecker ( Veniliornis maculifrons ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae . It is endemic to humid Atlantic Forest in eastern Brazil . Its common name refers to the yellow nape of both sexes - a feature not shared by any other Veniliornis in its range .
References
yellow-eared woodpecker
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
yellow-eared woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
BRP Banahaw ( ex-Casiana , ex-Casandra ) was a British-built yacht that later served as the presidential yacht of the Commonwealth of the Philippines .
History
They were launched in on 19 February 1908 at the Greenock shipyard of Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company ( John & Robert Scott ) for the benefit of R. A. Rainy of New York . They were christened Casandra . They were purchased by the American oil tycoon Edward L. Doheny who renamed their Casiana after their first oil well in Mexico , Casiana No . 7 . In 1936 , they were purchased by the Commonwealth of the Philippines for $ 50,000 and arrived in the Philippines on 25 November 1936 . They were officially assigned to the Coast Guard although was primarily used as a presidential yacht . On December 29 , 1941 , they were attacked and sunk by Japanese aircraft while docked at the Fort Mills dock , Corregidor .
History of their launch Baler
Them personal launch , Baler , was re-floated and repaired in December 1941 . They served as patrol boat Q-115 Baler in the Offshore Patrol , United States Army Forces in the Far East , the first Philippine-manned torpedo boat squadron ( consisting of three torpedo boats , Q-111 Luzon , Q-112 Abra , Q-113 Agusan , and another patrol boat , Q-114 Danday ) . Them commanding officer was Lieutenant Carlos Albert . The squadron patrolled the waters of the bay and protected the eastern shore of the Bataan Peninsula from Japanese infiltration . After Manila was declared an open city on 26 December 1941 , the squadron operated out of Sisiman Cove , to the immediate east of Cavite and north of Corregidor where the American PT boats of Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron Three were also based . The squadron along with its American counterparts , were serviced by the submarine tender , Canopus which was moored at Cavite Naval Base . In addition to conducting patrols , Q-115 delivered food , ammunition , troops , and medicine to the beleaguered troops during the Battle of Bataan and Battle of Corregidor . On 8 April 1942 , after the fall of Bataan left the squadron without a safe port , it was decided to attempt to make an escape to Australia with the remaining 3 boats of the squadron ( Danday had been bombed and destroyed on February 2 ) . Q-112 developed engine troubles and had to return where it was scuttled at Navotas on 9 April 1942 . The remainder of the squadron was first intercepted by Japanese land-based Naval aircraft of the 1st Kōkūtai and were able to down one plane ; and then by the Japanese destroyers Samidare and Murasame . The squadron attacked the destroyers with their torpedoes and machine gun fire but did not score any hits . Q-111 was hit and scuttled by its crew somewhere between Batangas and Cavite provinces on 9 April 1942 . Q-113 and Q-115 returned to the safety of the bay where Q-113 was scuttled on 9 April 1942 to prevent Japanese capture . Q-115 was ultimately able to leave the bay with 23 passengers but was captured by the Japanese off Cabra Island .
References
1908 ships
Shipwrecks of the Philippines
Ships sunk by Japanese aircraft
Ships built in Scotland
Ships built by Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company
Naval ships of the Philippines
Presidential yachts of the Philippines
Isoflupredone , also known as deltafludrocortisone and 9α-fluoroprednisolone , is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed .
Its acetate ester , isoflupredone acetate , is used in veterinary medicine .
References
Further reading
Diketones
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Triols
Abandoned drugs
The Gazi Race ( ) is a Turkish thoroughbred horse flat race that is established in honor of the founder of the Turkish Republic Gazi Mustafa Kemal . It is country 's most prestigious horse racing event , which is held uninterruptedly since its establishment in 1927 . Restricted to 22 three-year-old thoroughbred horses , it is raced clockwise at a distance of on turf ( grass ) track at the Veliefendi Race Course in Istanbul .
History
Mustafa Kemal , founder of the Turkish Republic , was honored with the title Ghazi ( ) in 1923 by the Turkish Grand National Assembly due to their successful command at the Turkish War of Independence . They used this title until 1934 , when they were given the surname `` Atatürk '' ( literally : Father of Turks ) following the adoption of the Surname Law .
A fan of horse racing , Gazi Mustafa Kemal said `` Horse racing is the social need for modern societies '' . They organized horse races even during the years of the War of Independence in Ankara , in the new capital of modern Turkey .
The first officially organized horse racing was run on June 10 , 1927 in Ankara by British bred horses without age restriction over a distance of . The money award was TL 2,000 . The winner was jockey İhsan Atçı with racehorse `` Neriman '' owned by Ali Muhiddin Hacı Bekir , member of a renowned candy producing dynasty .
In 1928 , the event was run as an open race restricted to age and weight . Succeeding Turkish presidents , Celal Bayar in 1929 with `` Cap Gris Nez '' and İsmet İnönü in 1930 with `` Olgo '' , were also among the winners of the Gazi Race .
In 1932 , the race was restricted to British thoroughbred three-year-old horses born in Turkey and was run over a distance of . The prize was set to TL 5,000 . In 1936 , Gazi Race was held in the Ankara City Race Course ( Ankara Şehir Hipodromu ) constructed next to the Ankara 19 Mayıs Stadium .
Whenever Atatürk was in Ankara , they enjoyed observing horse racing . In 1938 , the race was renamed `` Atatürk Race '' . Since its inauguration , the event is held every year without interruption . Gazi Race was transferred in 1968 from Ankara to Istanbul 's Veliefendi Race Course .
Award
The winner of the race receives a purse in amount of TL 850,000 ( approx . US $ 530,000 as of June 2011 ) . In addition , a bonus payment totaling to about TL 533,500 ( approx . US $ 333,000 as of June 2011 ) is given for breeding and enrollment expenses . Since 1970 , a solid silver trophy in form of an equestrian statue depicting Gazi Mustafa Kemal is bestowed by the Turkish president . It was created by sculptor Mehmet Şadi Çalık ( 1917-1979 ) .
Records
Record holder of the Gazi Race is the thoroughbred horse `` Bold Pilot '' owned by Özdemir Atman that was run by jockey Halis Karataş ( born 1972 ) at a time of 2.26.22 in 1996 .
Racehorse owner and breeder Sadık Eliyeşil ( 1925-2008 ) is the most winner of the Gazi Race with 13 titles :
Mümin Çılgın ( born 1935 ) is the most successful jockey of the Gazi Race with nine wins :
In 2012 , Halis Karataş won the Gazi Race for the 5th time with the thoroughbred horse `` Matador Yaşar '' owned by Ahmet Göçmen . Their former victories were in 1996 , 2005 , 2006 and 2011 .
References
Horse races in Turkey
Flat horse races for three-year-olds
Recurring sporting events established in 1927
Sport in Ankara
Sport in Istanbul
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
Annual events in Turkey
1927 establishments in Turkey
Tweety 's Circus is a 1955 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon short directed by Friz Freleng . The short was released on June 4 , 1955 , and stars Tweety and Sylvester .
Plot
The story centers on Sylvester visiting a circus , where they not only tries to catch Tweety for their meal , but attempts to one-up a lion ( an attraction billed as `` King of the Cats '' ) .
A carefree Sylvester walks into the circus singing their theme `` Meow ! '' where they visit the various animal exhibits . There , upon seeing the lion exhibit , the unimpressed cat immediately expresses their displeasure over the large feline 's billing . All that changes when they realize he 'd just passed by the Tweety Bird ... and thus the chase begins .
Tweety runs into the big top , where the lion , now uncaged , is waiting to maul Sylvester for their earlier remarks ( not to mention Sylvester clobbering them with a shovel ) . From this point forward , the lion serves as both an antagonist for Sylvester and a protector of Tweety .
Sylvester tries beating what they think is a fire hose to free Tweety , unknowing that the `` hose '' is an elephant 's trunk . The elephant grabs Sylvester with their trunk and—after crushing their chest—throws the battered puss into the lion 's cage , where the lion finishes the job .
Other run-ins with the lion , elephant and other animals , all ending with Sylvester getting the worst of things , involve them exploiting their abilities as a high diver ( Tweety directs the elephant to `` drink it all down '' ( referring to the water before Sylvester lands ) , a fire eater ( the lion makes Sylvester eat the fire ) and a high-wire walker ( `` hewwooooo , puddy tat ! `` ) .
In the end , Sylvester finally gets rid of the lion ... only to unwittingly lock themselves in a cage with even more lions ( also the antagonists for Sylvester ) and tigers . Tweety immediately takes a hat and cane and becomes a carnival barker ( `` Huwwy ! Huwwy ! Huwwy ! Step wight up for da gweatest show on Eawth ! Fifty wions and one puddy tat ! '' ) A loud roar erupts , and with Sylvester presumably having met their fate , Tweety changes their spiel : `` Step wight up ! Fifty wions , count 'em , fifty wions ! ''
See also
List of American films of 1955
References
External links
1955 short films
1955 animated films
1955 comedy films
1950s children 's comedy films
1950s children 's animated films
1950s English-language films
1950s Warner Bros. animated short films
American children 's animated comedy films
American animated short films
American comedy short films
Merrie Melodies short films
Sylvester the Cat films
Tweety films
Films about camels
Animated films about elephants
Animated films about lions
Films about tigers
Animated films set in the United States
Circus films
Films set in 1955
Short films directed by Friz Freleng
Films scored by Milt Franklyn
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
Animated films about birds
Man of the Moment is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr. , Laura La Plante and Margaret Lockwood . It was made at Teddington Studios by the British subsidiary of Warner Brothers . The film 's art direction was by Peter Proud .
This was the first film shown on BBC Television on 12 September 1938 .
Plot
Office worker Mary Briany ( Laura La Plante ) finds out they are being demoted by the boss they secretly love in order to make room for their girlfriend . They try to commit suicide by jumping into the river . Tony Woodward ( Douglas Fairbanks Jr. ) is driving by and rescues her , much to their annoyance .
They take them back to their mansion , but they and their butler Godfrey ( Donald Calthrop ) have great difficulty getting them to behave . Meanwhile , Tony is to be married the next day to childish heiress Vera Barton ( Margaret Lockwood ) . They reveal to Tony 's friend Lord Rufus Paul ( Claude Hulbert ) that they plan to change Tony 's lifestyle completely - no more smoking or drinking . Them millionaire father ( Peter Gawthorne ) promises their nearly penniless future son-in-law 5000 pounds to pay for a partnership in a company .
Later , Mary crashes Tony 's bachelor party , dressed as a man in their younger brother 's clothes . The next day , Vera and their father find Tony , Mary , and their friends passed out on the floor . As a result , Vera breaks off the wedding .
With only £300 and deeply in debt , Tony proposes a suicide pact to Mary . They will fly to Monte Carlo to try to win a fortune at the casino . If they lose , they will kill themselves . The first day does not go well . They are ready to jump off a cliff when a gentleman finds them and gives them £20 they did not know they had won . On their second chance , they split up to gamble . Tony loses , but Mary has an incredible lucky streak and wins a large amount of money .
Meanwhile , Vera decides they want to marry Tony after all . Rufus brings news about Tony 's whereabouts , and they go to Monte Carlo . Vera embraces Tony before Mary can tell them the good news . Heartbroken , Mary climbs out on the hotel ledge , but Tony finds them and tells them they love them ( Annoyed at being jilted , Vera decides that they want to marry a man that no other woman would desire ; they pick Rufus . )
Cast
Production
The film was one of a number that Douglas Fairbanks Jr. made in England . It was produced by Irving Asher of Warner Brothers , who had a brief to make 20 films year under the British quota system . Asher had helped finance some films Fairbanks Jr. produced in England for their own company ; in return for the loan , Fairbanks Jr. agreed to appear in the next film Asher produced , which turned out to be Man of the Moment . Their co-star , Laura La Plante , was married to Asher . The films failed and Fairbanks was broke .
Fairbanks later wrote :
Professionally , Man of the Moment was not at all what I should have done in that period . But Irving hoped that with my name and Laura 's , a good supporting cast and direction by an ex-Hollywood comedian whimsically named Monty Banks , Warners would overlook the picture 's quota category and release it in the States and Canada . Although they never did , I had the best time imaginable making the movie .
It was an early role for Margaret Lockwood .
Reception
The film never was released in the U.S .
References
Bibliography
Low , Rachael . Filmmaking in the 1930s Britain . George Allen & Unwin , 1985 .
Wood , Linda . British Films , 1927-1939 . British Film Institute , 1986 .
External links
Man of the Moment offered for download at free-classic-movies.com
1935 films
1935 romantic comedy films
1930s English-language films
British black-and-white films
British romantic comedy films
British films based on plays
Films directed by Monty Banks
Films set in London
Films set in Windsor , Berkshire
Films set in Monaco
Films shot at Teddington Studios
Gambling films
Warner Bros. films
1930s British films
Vidmantas Vysniauskas ( born 15 September 1969 ) is a Lithuanian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder . As an international , they obtained two caps for the Lithuania national team . Vysniauskas began their playing career in Ukraine in 1990 with SC Tavriya Simferopol . They moved to Germany in 1992 and played successively for 1 . FC Markkleeberg , FC Sachsen Leipzig , SV Wilhelmshaven , Sportfreunde Siegen , VfB Lübeck and FC Schüttorf 09 .
Honours
Tavriya Simferopol
Ukrainian Premier League : 1992
Lithuania
Baltic Cup : 1992
References
1969 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Lithuanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Lithuania international footballers
Soviet First League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
SC Tavriya Simferopol players
1 . FC Union Berlin players
FC Sachsen Leipzig players
SV Wilhelmshaven players
Sportfreunde Siegen players
VfB Lübeck players
Lithuanian expatriate footballers
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Schützenpanzer Lang HS.30 , formally Schützenpanzer , lang , Typ 12-3 , or SPz lg 12-3 for short ( German for `` Infantry-tank , long , Type 12-3 '' ) , was a West German infantry fighting vehicle developed from 1956 to 1958 . It was a Swiss Hispano-Suiza design , with a Rolls-Royce engine . After some early mechanical problems , only 2,176 were built of the 10,680 planned . It was armed with a powerful 20 mm autocannon , a common choice for infantry fighting vehicles of the period .
Its design proved to have many flaws and drawbacks , and the construction was followed by a major political scandal in West Germany in the 1960s . 2,176 SPz HS.30 and variants were built until 1962 , for which the German government paid 517 million DM ; about 238,000 DM per vehicle . The HS.30 first entered service with the Panzergrenadier battalions in 1960 and was replaced by the Marder infantry fighting vehicle from 1971 .
Design and doctrine
Rejecting American doctrine that an armored personnel carrier should serve as a `` battlefield taxi '' and not as an assault vehicle , the Germans developed the HS.30 as a vehicle to fight alongside tanks and from which their mechanized infantry could fight from undercover . The German military came to this decision as a result of its World War II experience with Panzergrenadiere ( armored infantry ) . German doctrine saw the SPz 12-3 as part of the squad 's equipment , and the squad was trained to fight with the vehicle in both offense and defense . Unlike the American M113 , the HS.30 could not float , but as German doctrine envisaged the HS.30 as a component in operations combined with main battle tanks that also lacked such a capability , this was not seen as a grave disadvantage .
The HS.30 mounted a small turret with a Hispano-Suiza HS.820 20-mm autocannon and a 15×15 periscopic sight . The role of the 20-mm autocannon in German doctrine was to engage helicopters , anti-tank weapons , and light armored vehicles , thus freeing tanks to concentrate their fire against other tanks . Even with the turret , the HS.30 was fully two feet ( 0.6 m ) lower in height than the M113 - making it a smaller target . The vehicle had an onboard supply of 2,000 rounds of 20 mm ammunition . Frontal armor provided protection against 20-mm projectiles , which was better than comparable vehicles of other nations . The additional armor made the HS.30 four tons heavier than the M113 , even though it could only carry half as many troops . For the squad members to fire their personal weapons while mounted , roof hatches had to be opened with the soldiers sticking up out of the hatches . The Germans considered this a significant disadvantage as their likely opponent , the Soviet Army , was expected to use chemical agents in any war between NATO and the Warsaw Pact .
Despite the German army 's insistence on a true infantry fighting vehicle rather than just an armored personnel carrier , the Panzergrenadier brigades included an infantry battalion that was carried initially on trucks and later with M113 APCs . This force composition likely resulted as much from cost considerations as it did from doctrine that called for one third of the Panzergrenadiere to be a motorized force .
The HS.30 and its contemporaries
Politics , service and reliability issues
Political decision making
The acquisition of equipment for the newly formed Bundeswehr in its early years was driven by military , economical and political factors . The military requirements pointed to a vehicle like the French AMX-13 VTP , but its cost per unit was too high . The US M59 armored personnel carrier on the other hand was too heavy and too tall for the envisioned doctrine . Also problematic was West German industry lack of interest in building weapons - as a result of World War II , Germany was still forbidden to export arms , so the investment for developing an AFV , to pay for tooling , or the training of the workforce would not generate any future revenue from exports . So for political considerations , it seemed reasonable to turn to West Germany 's allies to order AFVs and support their struggling economies . The Schützenpanzer SPz 11-2 Kurz ( developed from the Hotchkiss SP1A ) was ordered from France and , after a deal to acquire the Centurion from the United Kingdom became obsolete when the US provided M41 Walker Bulldog and M47 Patton tanks as military aid , forming a consortium , to build the new AFV partially in Britain , as offered by Hispano-Suiza in 1955 , seemed appealing .
The Hispano-Suiza offer matched all the requirements , laid out by the German Federal Ministry of Defence and , with an estimated cost of only 170,000 DM , the price per unit was 30 % lower than the AMX VTP . In combination with time pressure , generated by the promise to NATO to form and equip 12 West German divisions until 1960 , the German Ministry of Defence opted for the Hispano-Suiza model and placed orders for 10,680 AFVs . Dieter H. Kollmar concludes in their analysis of the acquisition process , that it seems reasonable to assume that the company had learned about the requirements in advance and adjusted their offer accordingly . Hispano-Suiza itself did not have the facilities to build an AFV . It had acquired patents for a 20-mm auto cannon and used them in conjunction with its network of business contacts around Europe to finalize the AFV plans . Lobbyists , often recruited from the ranks of former Wehrmacht officers , aggressively solicited for Hispano-Suiza with the decision makers in the Ministry of Defence , who often shared the same background .
When the Ministry of Defence , under its new secretary Franz Josef Strauss , learned from the HS.30 evaluation on the proving grounds in 1958 about multiple shortcomings of the vehicle , it became increasingly impatient with Hispano-Suiza and cut the initial order of 10,680 down to 2,800 , with 1,089 to be built by Leyland Motors in the United Kingdom , the rest by Henschel and Hanomag in Germany . A settlement with Hispano-Suiza was reached in 1960 , with the German state paying 40 million DM to compensate for investments and lost revenue .
Later a series of disclosures by the press , several hearings and an investigation evolved around the acquisition of the HS.30 . Witnesses , like the former ambassador of Germany in Switzerland Friedrich Holzapfel , were heard and a story about potential payments made to individuals and political parties was spread , based on claims made by the then lobbyist and 1930s Weimar Republic secretary Gottfried Treviranus and business person Werner Plappert . According to Dieter H. Kollmar , the progress of the official investigation was hampered by witnesses just craving for recognition and charlatans . Accusations , made in that context against Franz Josef Strauss , later proved to be false . Kollmar saw the problems with the HS.30 in the fraudulent practises of Hispano-Suiza and insufficient controlling processes in the Federal Ministry of Defences procurement plans .
Reliability problems
After a series of substantial upgrades , the HS.30 was stated in the 1960s by the official committee of investigation to fulfill the army 's requirements ″conditionally″ ( „ bedingt “ ) . In 1965 some 65 percent of the vehicles were reported to be operational , by 1968 the number had increased to 85 percent . The problems with the early models on the other hand had been so severe , that the Ministry of Defence had to provide its own technical personnel to bring the AFVs to an operational status . The evaluation report quotes expert witnesses and listed some technical problems with the HS.30 :
Transmission - the early production models were equipped with a SIDEBI- and later a Wilson-transmission , which both caused problems and were finally replaced on all vehicles with an Allison transmission in 1965/1966 .
Tracks - the Hispano-Suiza tracks were reported to be an outdated design . A witness told the investigators the tracks were prone to excessive wear , so that elements had to be removed frequently to compensate for track sag . Several witnesses preferred the tracks produced by the Backhaus KG ( later a part of Diehl Metall ) , which were later put on all HS.30 as upgrades .
Other problems were a result of the design :
Speed - The Rolls-Royce B81 was reported to be underpowered , especially compared to the later Leopard 1 tank , but when it was introduced , the HS.30 had a power-to-weight ratio in theory comparable with the M41 tank it was supposed to work with . But , according to a technical officer heard by the committee , the suspension on the front roadwheels was too weak to compensate the AFVs weight when going cross-country and hitting ditches , causing the helical springs to break from the coilovers . As a result , drivers had to drive carefully , limiting the vehicle effectively to some 15–20 km/h ( 10-12.5 mph ) off-road . Hispano-Suiza itself stated in the original requirements , that the Bundeswehr had called for 20 hp per ton , which would have been satisfied by a engine on the initial 10 ton design , but the Ministry of Defence had asked for a thicker armor of 30 mm front and 20 mm on the sides , opted for a heavier armament package of 800 kg instead the original 200 kg and wanted a complete group of Panzergrenadiers as passengers , which made the vehicle longer and heavier .
Engine maintenance - the entire rear section of the HS.30 had to be pulled out of the vehicle to get full access to the engine , including the removal of both tracks , some 64 bolts and all connections , making it a time-consuming work , compared to more modern vehicles .
Disembarking - the infantry could exit the HS.30 using two large hatches on top , an escape hatch in the floor and , based on initial planning , a door on the back . That door did stay on the AFV , but it had become effectively unusable for troops , with the designers blocking the tunnel , between the door and troop compartment with engine related components . The remaining standard way to exit was to climb out on top and jump over the sides . This not only exposed soldiers to potential enemy fire , but was also dangerous because the tracks stood out from the hull .
Service
The HS.30 AFV was introduced into the Bundeswehr in late 1959 but suffered from teething problems . The AFV was initially used to equip only individual battalions which co-existed in the 1960s with two other forms of Grenadier formations who were equipped with trucks or APCs .
Starting in 1974 , the Marder IFV replaced the HS.30 in German armored infantry units . Peru received around 20 SPz HS.30s during the 1970s . Finally , some HS.30 's were used as armored targets on gunnery ranges .
Variants
Schützenpanzer , lang , Typ 12-3 , ( SPz lg 12-3 , Gruppe ) – Standard IFV variant
Schützenpanzer , lang , Typ 12-3 , mit 106 mm Leichtgeschütz M40A1 , ( SPz lg 12-3 , LGs M40A1 , Panzerabwehr ) – Tank destroyer version with a 106 mm M40A1 recoilless rifle mounted on the roof in addition to the 20 mm cannon . Retrofit from 1965 .
Schützenpanzer , lang , Typ 21-3 , ( SPz lg 21-3 , FüFu ) – Radio and command version
Schützenpanzer , lang , Typ 51-3 , ( SPz lg 51-3 , Panzermörser ) – Self-propelled mortar version with an 81 mm mortar . Retrofit to Type 52–3 in 1966 .
Schützenpanzer , lang , Typ 52-3 , ( SPz lg 52-3 , Panzermörser ) – Self-propelled mortar version with a 120 mm mortar . Retrofit of Type 51-3 from 1966 .
Schützenpanzer , lang , Typ 81-3 , ( SPz lg 81-3 , FLtPzArt ) – Artillery forward observer version .
Jagdpanzer , Typ 1-3 , ( JPz 1-3 , Kanonenjagdpanzer ) – Tank destroyer prototype based on the HS.30 chassis . Armed with a 90 mm DEFA cannon .
Raketenjagdpanzer , Typ 3-3 , ( RakJPz 3-3 , Raketenjagdpanzer ) – Missile armed tank destroyer vehicle based on the HS.30 chassis . Equipped with wire-guided Nord SS.11 missiles .
Footnotes
References
Notes
Bibliography
Haworth , W. Blair . The Bradley and How It Got That Way , Greenwood Publishing Group , 1999. .
Foss , Christopher ( ed . ) Jane 's Armour and Artillery 1981-82 , Jane 's Publishing Company Limited , 1981. .
External links
SPz lang at Panzerbaer.de
SPz lang photo gallery at Hartziel.de
Armoured fighting vehicles of Germany
Armoured personnel carriers
Tracked infantry fighting vehicles
Infantry fighting vehicles of the Cold War
Military vehicles introduced in the 1960s
Petunia Pig is an animated cartoon character in the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons from Warner Bros . They look much like their significant other , Porky Pig , except that they wear a dress and has pigtailed black hair .
Biography
Petunia was introduced by animator Frank Tashlin in the 1937 short Porky 's Romance . The film is a parody of a 1932 Walt Disney cartoon called Mickey 's Nightmare . Whereas Mickey Mouse marries their longtime girlfriend Minnie in that film , Porky 's overtures toward Petunia bring them only the scornful laughter of their porcine paramour . Tashlin adopted Petunia as a regular member of Porky 's entourage and featured them in two more cartoons : The Case of the Stuttering Pig and Porky 's Double Trouble , both in 1937 .
Bob Clampett was the only other Warner director to utilize Petunia after Tashlin left the studio in 1938 . They first featured them in Porky 's Picnic , a 1939 film that sees Porky tormented by their nephew Pinkie . Pinkie and Porky 's encounters are always out of sight of Petunia , of course , so they blame Porky for everything that goes wrong as a result of Pinkie 's activity . Petunia 's largest role came in Clampett 's 1939 short Naughty Neighbors . The film borrows elements from both the famous feud between the Hatfields and McCoys as well as Romeo and Juliet as Porky and Petunia 's love for each other is stymied by their respective hillbilly families ' mutual hatred . Despite their more prominent role in the short , Petunia is only a supporting character ; Porky remains the star .
As Porky 's popularity was eclipsed in the late 1930s and early 1940s by brasher characters like Daffy Duck and Bugs Bunny , they were relegated to a supporting player themselves in new Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies shorts . Petunia , already a bit player to Porky 's lead , fared much worse . They still appeared occasionally in Warner 's merchandising , but their tenure as a Warner Bros. player was mostly over .
Later appearances
Nevertheless , in modern years Petunia has enjoyed multiple new roles :
Petunia has a co-starring role in Filmation 's lone Looney Tunes-related production , Daffy Duck and Porky Pig Meet the Groovie Goolies , in 1972 . They are voiced by Jane Webb .
Petunia made a cameo appearance in the 1979 short Bugs Bunny 's Christmas Carol as Mrs. Cratchit , wife of Bob Cratchit ( played by Porky Pig ) , though they had no speaking lines .
Originally Petunia intended to appear as a cameo with Porky in the film Who Framed Roger Rabbit in the deleted scene `` Acme 's Funeral '' .
Petunia made a cameo appearance in Tiny Toon Adventures in the episode `` It 's a Wonderful Tiny Toon Christmas Special '' .
An infant version of Petunia was a recurring character in the Baby Looney Tunes television series , where they were voiced by Chiara Zanni .
The regular adult Petunia is an occasional guest star in DC 's Looney Tunes comic book and appeared frequently in 2001-2005 webtoons on the official Looney Tunes website .
They also turned up in Duck Dodgers , playing the role of Princess Incense ( voiced by Jodi Benson ) .
Petunia appeared on The Looney Tunes Show in the episodes `` Here Comes the Pig '' and `` Mr. Wiener '' , voiced by Katy Mixon .
Petunia is a playable character in the mobile game `` Looney Tunes : World of Mayhem '' , along with Farmer , Lunar , and Athena variants of herself .
Petunia appears in several New Looney Tunes segments , voiced by Jessica DiCicco .
Petunia also appears in Looney Tunes Cartoons , voiced by Lara Jill Miller , which for the first time they have a solo appearance . In this portrayal , they have a Brooklyn accent similar to Bugs Bunny .
Petunia appears in Bugs Bunny Builders , voiced by Alex Cazares .
External links
League of Comic Geeks page
Behind the Voice Actors
References
Pig , Petunia
Pig , Petunia
Film characters introduced in 1937
Female characters in animation
Sir John Bilsland Bailey ( 5 November 1928 – 22 February 2021 ) was a British solicitor and public servant .
Bailey was born to Walter Bailey ( died 1932 ) and the composer Ethel Edith Bilsland , who married secondly Sir Thomas George Spencer , a telecommunications executive . They were educated at Eltham College and graduated from University College London with a law degree and was admitted as a solicitor in 1954 . They were appointed an Under-Secretary in the Treasury Solicitor 's Department in 1973 , and then served as Legal Director of the Office of Fair Trading between 1977 and 1979 , when they became Deputy Treasury Solicitor . They were promoted in 1984 to be HM Procurator General and Treasury Solicitor , serving until 1988 .
Bailey was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in the 1982 New Year Honours , and they were promoted to Knight Commander in the 1987 Birthday Honours . They died on 22 February 2021 , at the age of 92 .
References
1928 births
2021 deaths
English solicitors
Alumni of University College London
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
People educated at Eltham College
Treasury Solicitors
Cadent can refer to :
Cadent , `` referring to cadence ''
Cadent ( heraldry ) , an attitude on a blazon
Cadent Gas , a British regional gas distribution company based in Coventry
Hiatt is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Brenda Hiatt , American author
Fred Hiatt , American journalist
Jack Hiatt ( born 1942 ) , American baseball player
John Hiatt ( born 1952 ) , American musician
Kevin Hiatt , fictional television character on The Shield
Lester Hiatt ( 1931–2008 ) , Australian anthropologist
Phil Hiatt ( born 1969 ) , American baseball player
Ruth Hiatt ( 1906–1994 ) , actor
Shana Hiatt ( born 1975 ) , model
Louis Hiatt ( born 1984 ) , An entrepreneur
See also
Hiatt , Missouri , a community in the United States
Hiatt & Co. A defunct UK based handcuff manufacturer best known for their Speedcuffs .
Steven `` Steef '' van Musscher ( 26 February 1902 – 14 May 1986 ) was a Dutch triple jumper . They competed at the 1928 Olympics and finished in 15th place . In 1930 they set their personal best jump at 14.13 m .
References
1902 births
1986 deaths
Dutch male triple jumpers
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Haarlem
20th-century Dutch people
Lamprobityle is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae , containing the following species :
Lamprobityle azurea ( Vives , 2012 )
Lamprobityle conspersa ( Aurivillius , 1927 )
Lamprobityle fasciata ( Vives , 2012 )
Lamprobityle magnifica Heller , 1923
Lamprobityle mariae ( Vives , 2009 )
Lamprobityle mindanaoensis Barševskis & Jäger , 2014
Lamprobityle rugulata ( Vives , 2012 )
References
Apomecynini
Haris Safwan Kamal ( born 8 June 1982 ) is a former Malaysian footballer who last played as a forward for Hanelang . Haris Safwan is the former member of Malaysia U-23 team in 2003 until 2005 .
Club career
Haris Safwan has played for MPPJ Selangor in the 2013-2004 season and scored 16 goals . Throughout their career , Haris has played with several teams including MPPJ FC , Selangor , UPB-Myteam FC , T-team FC and also was playing for Plus FC on loan . They were part of Selangor team that won treble in 2005 season . They are so far the only Malaysia player to go to a football match with helicopter during semifinal Malaysia Cup 2003 MPPJ Selangor against Perlis at Kangar .
International career
They made 5 appearances during 2003 South East Asian Games in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam . Malaysia grabbed the bronze medal in the tournament after beating Myanmar on penalties 4-2 . They also part of silver medalist winner in 2008 ASEAN University Games as a captain , held in Kuala Lumpur after being defeated by the team from Thailand ( 7 goals ) . They also captain for Malaysia University in World University Games , held in Bangkok , Thailand ( 2 goals )
Honours
Individual
Malaysia Premier League : 2007 Golden Boot Winner ( 13 goals )
Malaysia Premier League : 2009 Golden Boot Winner ( 24 goals )
References
External links
Profile at theredwarriorsfc.com
Haris Safwan at SoccerPunter.com
Malaysian footballers
Living people
1982 births
Association football forwards
People from Terengganu
Kelantan FA players
Perak F.C . players
A League of Ordinary Gentlemen is a documentary film about ten-pin bowling that was released on DVD on March 21 , 2006 . It was written and directed by Christopher Browne and stars PBA Tour players Pete Weber , Walter Ray Williams Jr. , Chris Barnes , and Wayne Webb .
It was first televised nationally on the PBS series Independent Lens on April 25 , 2006 .
Synopsis
The documentary follows four professional ten-pin bowlers at various stages of their careers after the Professional Bowlers Association is purchased by a trio of Microsoft programmers , who then hire Steve Miller , a Nike marketing guru , to revitalize the sport .
Cast
Steve Miller
Wayne Webb , a 20-time champion and 1980 PBA Player of the Year who has fallen on hard times
Pete Weber , son of legendary bowler Dick Weber and renowned `` bad boy '' of the PBA who was serving a disciplinary suspension when the PBA Tour was purchased
Walter Ray Williams Jr. , the dominant player on tour , with 36 PBA titles
Chris Barnes , a comparatively young pro trying to support their wife and newborn twins
Soundtrack
The documentary features the song by comedian Stephen Lynch called `` Bowling Song ( Almighty Malachi , Professional Bowling God ) . '' This track is featured on Lynch 's second official album , Superhero , released in 2002 .
DVD features
Deleted Scenes
PBA TV Spots
Skills Challenge Highlights
PBA Event Clips
Dexter Approach : Tips and Techniques ( Hosted by 13-time PBA Tour titlist and current Fox Sports 1 ( FS1 ) TV color-analyst Randy Pedersen . )
Theatrical Trailer
Featured bowlers after the film
Wayne Webb never won another regular PBA Tour title after the completion of the film . They now run Wayne Webb 's Columbus Bowl in Columbus , Ohio , and has a karaoke business on the side . They later joined the PBA Senior Tour ( for players age 50 and older , now named the PBA50 Tour ) , and made a splash by winning the 2008 Senior U.S. Open . In 2010 , they were named PBA Senior Player of the Year .
Chris Barnes earned their first-ever PBA Player of the Year award in the 2007-08 season . They twice won what was ( at the time ) the biggest prize check in the history of televised bowling ( $ 200,000 ) by winning the Motel 6 Roll to Riches events in 2005 and 2006 . Barnes was inducted into the PBA Hall of Fame in 2018 , and won their 19th PBA Tour title later that year .
In September , 2006 , Walter Ray Williams Jr. surpassed Earl Anthony on the PBA 's All-Time titles list with their win over Pete Weber in the Dydo Japan Cup . Walter currently has 47 PBA Tour titles after winning the USBC Masters in February , 2010 . They retired from the standard PBA Tour in 2021 at age 61 , but still participates on the PBA50 Tour .
As of 2021 , Pete Weber is fourth on the PBA 's all-time list with 37 titles , with their most recent title coming at age 50 in the PBA Tournament of Champions on March 31 , 2013 . At the time , that victory tied Weber with Earl Anthony for the most major championships in PBA Tour history ( 10 ) . A year earlier ( 2012 ) , Weber won their record fifth U.S. Open title . Like Williams , Weber retired from the regular PBA Tour in 2021 , but continues to compete in PBA50 Tour events .
Legacy
The seventh episode of the 2015 series of Documentary Now ! ( IFC ) , `` Any Given Saturday Afternoon '' , is a mockumentary of A League of Ordinary Gentlemen .
References
External links
Official Website
Official PBS website of first national showing
Rotten Tomatoes list of reviews of the documentary
Ten-pin bowling films
American sports documentary films
These are the 1966 Five Nations Championship squads :
England
Terry Arthur
Clive Ashby
Tom Brophy
Mike Davis
Dick Greenwood
Andy Hancock
Bob Hearn
Tony Horton
Phil Judd
Colin McFadyean
John Owen
Colin Payne
David Perry
Piggy Powell
John Pullin
Budge Rogers ( c . )
David Rosser
Ted Rudd
Don Rutherford
Keith Savage
George Sherriff
Jeremy Spencer
Bob Taylor
Bill Treadwell
Mike Weston
Trevor Wintle
France
Jean-Claude Berejnoi
André Boniface
Guy Boniface
Jean-Michel Cabanier
Lilian Camberabero
Elie Cester
Michel Crauste ( c . )
Christian Darrouy
Benoît Dauga
Bernard Duprat
Jean Gachassin
Arnaldo Gruarin
André Herrero
Claude Lacaze
Marcel Puget
Jean-Claude Roques
Jean-Joseph Rupert
Walter Spanghero
Ireland
Aidan Brady
Barry Bresnihan
Mick Doyle
Alan Duggan
Kevin Flynn
Mike Gibson
Ray Hunter
Ken Kennedy
Tom Kiernan
Ronnie Lamont
Sean MacHale
Willie John McBride
Paddy McGrath
Ray McLoughlin ( c . )
Mick Molloy
Noel Murphy
Oliver Waldron
Jerry Walsh
Roger Young
Scotland
Colin Blaikie
Mike Campbell-Lamerton
David Chisholm
Pringle Fisher
Derrick Grant
Alec Hastie
Brian Henderson
Sandy Hinshelwood
Frank Laidlaw
Ian Laughland
John MacDonald
David Rollo
Peter Stagg
Jim Telfer
Jock Turner
David Whyte
Stewart Wilson ( c . )
Wales
Dewi Bebb
Keith Bradshaw
Lyn Davies
Norman Gale
Grahame Hodgson
Ken Jones
Allan Lewis
John Lloyd
Haydn Morgan
Bill Morris
Howard Norris
Alun Pask ( c . )
Brian Price
Terry Price
Gareth Prothero
Brian Thomas
David Watkins
Stuart Watkins
Denzil Williams
References
External links
1966 Five Nations Championship at ESPN
Six Nations Championship squads
is a manufacturer of high-performance automotive , motorcycle and outboard suspension systems based in Gyoda , Saitama in Japan .
The company was founded in 1938 as Showa Aircraft Precision Works . In Japan 's drive to develop its military capability in preparation for World War II , Showa supplied aircraft suspension and landing systems to various aircraft manufacturers . Banned from developing or manufacturing aircraft systems after the war , Showa entered the car components industry , using its aircraft knowledge to develop specialist suspension products for motorcycles made by the new company Honda . The relationship between Showa and Honda developed over the years , with Honda Racing Corporation accounting for more than 50 % of Showa 's business .
In 1950 Showa acquired Rikuo Motorcycle , which made licensed versions of Harley-Davidson motorcycles in the 1930s and 1940s . Rikuo brand lasted until 1962 . Showa has since become OEM supplier to Harley-Davidson .
Showa has overseas facilities in Brazil , Canada , China , India , Indonesia , Mexico , Spain , Taiwan , Thailand , United Kingdom , United States and Vietnam .
Showa was an official IndyCar Series shock absorber supplier from 2007 to 2011 . Showa remained IndyCar Series shock absorber supplier since 2012 but only for Honda-powered teams .
In October 2019 , Showa began to be merged into Hitachi Automotive Systems as their supplier of steering and suspension components , along with Keihin and Nissin Kogyo , also partners of both Honda and Hitachi . The merger was completed in January 2021 , with the resulting parts supplier known as Hitachi Astemo ( Japanese ) . The Showa brand continues to be used within this structure .
See also
Shock absorber
Motorcycle suspension
Motorcycle fork
List of motorcycle suspension manufacturers
Showa Aircraft Industry
References
External links
Official site
Auto parts suppliers of Japan
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Companies based in Saitama Prefecture
Manufacturing companies established in 1938
Japanese brands
Motorcycle parts manufacturers
Japanese companies established in 1938
Senecio hydrophilus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names water ragwort and alkali-marsh ragwort . It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Colorado , where it grows in swampy places such as marshes . It can grow in standing water , including alkaline and salty water . It is a biennial or perennial herb producing a single erect stem or a cluster of a few stems which may exceed one meter in maximum height , at times approaching two meters . The stem is hollow , waxy in texture , and often pale green in color , and it emerges from a small caudex . The thick leaves are lance-shaped to oval with smooth or toothed edges , the blades up to 20 centimeters long and borne on petioles . Smaller leaves occur farther up the stem . The inflorescence is one or more large , spreading clusters of many flower heads . They contain many yellowish disc florets at the center and sometimes have small yellow ray florets as well .
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Washington Burke Museum
Photo gallery
hydrophilus
Flora of North America
Galesaurus ( from the Greek roots for 'weasel ' and 'lizard ' ) is an extinct genus of carnivorous cynodont therapsid that lived between the Induan and the Olenekian stages of the Early Triassic in what is now South Africa . It was incorrectly classified as a dinosaur by Sir Richard Owen in 1859 .
Notably , Galesaurus was mentioned in the first issue of Nature in 1869 , where T. H. Huxley erroneously expressed confidence that it would eventually be shown to be a dinosaur .
Description
The largest Galesaurus skull discovered is roughly long . Larger remains indicate that an adult Galesaurus is roughly long . Cynodonts , including Galesaurus , are believed to have had sprawling postures .
Examination of Galesaurus reveals two distinct morphs , a gracile and a robust morph . The main differences between the two morphs lie in the pectoral and pelvic girdles , as well as subtle differences in the fore and hind limbs . The morphological differences may be due to sexual dimorphism , ontogeny , or the presence of two subspecies .
Skull
The skull of Galesaurus is generally wide and low , the widest part being the region of the zygomatic arches . The snout is blunt .
The nasal bones of Galesaurus are unusually large , they are constricted in the middle and extend over the anterior of the nostrils . A sheet of bone forms the septomaxilla that lines the floor of the naris and extends backwards between the nasal and maxilla . The skull has a septomaxillary foramen . The maxilla makes up a significant section of the lateral wall of the snout and contacts the lacrimal and jugal posteriorly . Formina perforates the maxilla , especially in the area of the canine . Two large foramina , above the fifth and sixth postcanines , are present . The ascending process of the premaxilla dorsally overlaps the nasal . The anterior of the ascending process has a small opening call the anterior premaxillary foramen .
Galesaurus has large , pentagonal shaped lacrimals with a flat outer surface . A fossa is present medial to the crista lacrimalis . This fossa is connected by two canals , one above the other , to the lacrimonasal canal that opens into the nasal cavity . The prefrontals extend halfway along the border of the lacrimals until they meet the postorbitals at the middle of the upper border of the orbits , forming the upper orbital margin . As in other cynodonts , the frontal is excluded from the orbital margin by the prefrontal and postorbital .
Dentition
The upper teeth of Galesaurus are located on the alveolar ridges of the premaxilla and maxilla . Palatal teeth are absent in Galesaurus . The first postcanine of Galesaurus only has one cusp , while the other postcanine teeth are flattened and have two curved cusps . The second tooth contains a long anterior cusp and a short posterior cusp . The base of the incisors is wide , though the crown tapers to a point . The canines and postcanines have been pushed to the outer rim of the maxilla , allowing the lower teeth enough room to lie medially to the upper teeth when the jaw is closed . Postcanine tooth replacement is believed to have occurred throughout life .
The maxilla forms a large portion of the lateral wall of the snout . It is composed of a corpus , frontal process , zygomatic process , palatal process , and alveolar process . The corpus is long , inconspicuous , and encloses the sinus maxillaris cavity . The sinus maxillaris opens into the nasal cavity dorsal to the secondary palate and anterior to the palatine . It extends anteriorly , and continues to narrow until the cavity ends below the posterior elongation of the roots of the canine . This cavity is hypothesized to have served as the cynodont equivalent to the mammalian canalis alveolaris . There are two large foramina in the maxilla , above the fifth and sixth postcanines .
Discovery and naming
The first Galesaurus specimen was originally discovered in the Karoo Basin of South Africa and described by the naturalist Sir Richard Owen in 1859 . Owen named the specimen Galesaurus planiceps , but incorrectly classified Galesaurus as a new species of dinosaur . Owen assumed that Galesaurus was reptilian because its skull resembled Rhopalodon , a synapsid that had also been misclassified as a dinosaur . Despite classifying Galesaurus as a dinosaur , Owen noted that Galesaurus was remarkably mammal-like . Owen 's Galesaurus type specimen was considerably crushed and the teeth were poorly preserved . Only recently have articulated skeletons of Galesaurus been found , whose well-preserved postcranial bones yield a better understanding of Galesaurus morphology ; it is now considered to be a cynodont .
Other Galesaurus planiceps fossils that were initially identified as Glochinodon detinens in 1916 and Glochinodontoides gracilis in 1924 were synonymized subjectively with Galesaurus planiceps in 1972 .
Classification
Galesaurus is a member of the clade Epicynodontia , which is within the infraorder Cynodontia , the ancestor group of all mammals . Galesaurus is also a member of the family Galesauridae , which includes the closest relatives of Galesaurus , Cynosaurus and Progalesaurus .
Paleobiology
Locomotion
During cynodont locomotion , the axial skeleton is unlikely to have flexed and extended in the sagittal plane as it does in mammals . Instead , cynodonts are believed to moved by lateral undulation , the typical axial movement of reptiles . The imbricating coastal plates in cynodonts may be analogous to the expanded ribs in certain edentates , which may represent musculoskeletal adaptation to adopt a more characteristically mammalian posture by lifting the trunk off the ground . Cynodonts are also believed to have had propulsive movements in the humerus , which are typical in mammal locomotion . The presence of both reptile and mammal features in cynodont locomotion is indicative of a transition between the two classes .
Comparison of Galesaurus to Thrinaxodon
Galesaurus is often compared with Thrinaxodon , a more derived basal cynodont , because Thrinaxodon is the best known of all the Epicynodonts . Galesaurus and Thrinaxodon are also very similar in morphology , are both from the early Triassic , and are both found in the Karoo Basin in South Africa . Though Galesaurus and Thrinaxodon are similar in appearance , they have a number of differences in their skulls . In Galesaurus , the zygomatic arch height has positive allometry , which indicates that older individuals of Galesaurus had larger and more developed masseter muscles than in Thrinaxodon . The development of the angulation of the zygomatic arch in the adult Galesaurus indicates that the superficial masseter muscle also became more developed in comparison to Thrinaxodon . Timing of the development of the posterior sagittal crest occurs later in Galesaurus than it does in Thrinaxodon . The posterior sagittal crest develops in Thrinaxodon in the late juvenile stage , while it only appears in the adult stage of Galesaurus . While all adult Thrinaxodon develop an anterior sagittal crest , the structure is absent in most Galesaurus specimens . The absence of the anterior sagittal crest indicates that the anterior fibers of the temporalis muscle not as developed in Galesaurus as they were in Thrinaxodon . Skull width , which indicates lateral expansion of the zygomatic arches , varies between Galesaurus and Thrinaxodon . Galesaurus has a positively allometric skull width , while skull width in isometric in Thrinaxodon . This indicates that Galesaurus had a more developed adductor musculature . When taking the differences in adductor musculature and the large medial shift of the mandible within the temporal fenestra , it is hypothesized that Galesaurus had highly developed masseters . The external occipital crest of Galesaurus increased during growth , though it was absent in juvenile Thrinaxodon , and poorly developed in the adults . The size of the external occipital crest indicates enlarged , stronger nuchal muscles in Galesaurus , but relatively weaker nuchal muscles in Thrinaxodon . Galesaurus also had a larger maximum skull size than Thrinaxodon . The presence of comparatively thicker peripheral lamellar tissue in Thrinaxodon and excelerated ontogenetic development of the posterior sagittal crest suggests that Galesaurus reached sexual maturity later than Thrinaxodon .
During ontogeny , both Galesaurus and Thrinaxodon undergo changes in posterior projection of the postorbital , posterior sagittal crest , and external occipital crest . Ontogenetic changes that were unique to Galesaurus include a large shift in the relative position of the mandible within the temporal fenestra , a change in the ectocranial morphology of the nasal-nasal suture , fusion of the exocciptal with three surrounding occipital bones , and development of sexual dimorphism in adults . In contrast , the ontogenetic changes that were unique to Galesaurus include the presence of an interpterygoid vacuity in small juveniles , change in the ectocranial trace of the frontal-parietal suture , the changing shape of the parietal foramen , and obliteration of the posterior parietal-parietal suture .
See also
List of therapsids
References
Prehistoric cynodont genera
Induan life
Olenekian life
Early Triassic synapsids of Africa
Triassic South Africa
Fossils of South Africa
Fossil taxa described in 1859
Taxa named by Richard Owen
Quijote Arena is an arena in Ciudad Real , Spain . It is primarily used for team handball and was the home arena of BM Ciudad Real . The arena holds 6,863 people and was opened in 2004 .
It is located on the Avenida de Puertollano , and is owned by the municipality of Ciudad Real .
In September 2014 , BM Alarcos Ciudad Real confirmed they would start to play their home games at Quijote Arena .
References
External links
Arena information
Handball venues in Spain
Indoor arenas in Spain
Sports venues in Castilla–La Mancha
Sport in Ciudad Real
Buildings and structures in Ciudad Real
Marion Jones Farquhar ( née Jones ; November 2 , 1879 – March 14 , 1965 ) was an American tennis player . They won the women 's singles titles at the 1899 and 1902 U.S. Championships . They were inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2006 .
Biography
Jones was the daughter of Nevada Senator John Percival Jones , co-founder of the town of Santa Monica , California , and Georgina Frances Sullivan .
Marion Jones was the first Californian to reach the finals at the women 's U.S. Tennis Championships in 1898 where they had a championship point against Juliette Atkinson but lost in five sets . They won the U.S. women 's tennis title in 1899 and 1902 , and the U.S. mixed doubles title in 1901 . At the 1900 Summer Olympics , they were the first American woman to win an Olympic medal . Them sister , Georgina also competed in the 1900 Olympic tennis events . In 1900 , Jones was the first non-British woman to play at Wimbledon where they reached the quarterfinals in which they were eliminated by G.E . Evered in straight sets .
They were mainly a baseline player who possessed a solid backhand and forehand and who had good accuracy in their shots .
They married architect Robert D. Farquhar in New York City , in 1903 . They had three children : David Farquhar ( 1904 – ) , John Percival Farquhar ( 1912 – 2013 ) and Colin Farquhar ( 1913 – ) . From 1920 until 1961 , Marion Jones Farquhar lived in Greenwich Village , where they were well known as a violinist and voice coach . They also translated opera librettos and for a short time was head of the New York Chamber Opera . In 1961 , they moved back to Los Angeles , where they lived until their death .
Grand Slam finals
Singles : 2 titles , 2 runners-up
Doubles : 1 titles , 2 runners-up
Mixed doubles : 1 title
References
External links
Marion Jones at the Nevada Hall of Fame
1879 births
1965 deaths
American female tennis players
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in tennis
People from Storey County , Nevada
International Tennis Hall of Fame inductees
Tennis people from Nevada
Tennis players at the 1900 Summer Olympics
United States National champions ( tennis )
Grand Slam ( tennis ) champions in women 's singles
Grand Slam ( tennis ) champions in women 's doubles
Grand Slam ( tennis ) champions in mixed doubles
Medalists at the 1900 Summer Olympics
The men 's 60 metres hurdles event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 9 .
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 4 of each heat ( Q ) and next 4 fastest ( q ) qualified for the semifinals .
Semifinals
First 4 of each semifinal ( Q ) qualified directly for the final .
Final
References
Results
60
60 metres hurdles at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
Richard Patrick Smith , was an Irish born , Roman Catholic priest who served as Archbishop of Port of Spain , Trinidad .
They were born in the parish of Kilbride , Co. Cavan , Diocese of Meath , on ( St. Patrick 's Day ) the 17th of March , 1802 . Having received their early education in Balljonachugh , they entered Maynooth College to study for the priesthood , for the Ardagh Mission ( despite Smith being from the Meath diocese ) , and was ordained in 1825 . It was highlighted in the Maynooth Commission Report in 1855 , that Dr Smith was technically an external student in Maynooth , attending lectures while residing in the town , since they were destined for foreign missions , this would seem to have contravened the British Government 's , statutes for the college .
Shortly after ordination they decided to go on the Trinidad Mission , in preparation to preach the Gospel to the French Colonists , they went to France and entered Saint-Sulpice , Paris , where they remained for two years , mastering the French language , they arrived in Trinidad in 1827 .
Appointed Coadjutor Vicar Apostolic , 1837 , in 1844 they were appointed Bishop of Port of Spain serving until their death . They had guided the diocese from vicar apostolate to archdiocese , and the transition from slave labour to waged labour .
Smith died May 6 , 1852 . They had not nominated a successor , which led to some controversies in the diocese .
References
1802 births
1852 deaths
People from County Cavan
19th-century Irish bishops
Irish expatriate Catholic bishops
Alumni of St Patrick 's College , Maynooth
USCGC Calhoun ( WMSL-759 ) is the tenth of the United States Coast Guard . They are the first ship to be named after 1st Master Chief Petty Officer Charles L. Calhoun .
Development and design
All of Legend-class cutters were constructed by Huntington Ingalls Industries and were part of the Integrated Deepwater System Program . They are of the high endurance cutter roles with additional upgrades to make it more of an asset to the Department of Defense during declared national emergency contingencies . The cutters are armed mainly to take on lightly-armed hostiles in low-threat environments .
Construction and career
Calhoun and their sister ship were ordered on 21 December 2018 . On 12 November 2019 , 100 tons of their steel had been cut . As of July 2021 , they were more than halfway through their construction schedule . After the planned ceremony was delayed in 2020 , their keel was formally authenticated on 23 July 2021 . Calhoun was launched on 2 April 2022 and christened on 4 June 2022 .
References
External links
Legend-class cutters
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
Chakwath is a village in Bihiya block of Bhojpur district , Bihar , India . As of 2011 , its population was 4,964 , in 760 households .
References
Villages in Bhojpur district , India
Poulet is a French surname , meaning chicken . Notable people with the name include :
Anne Poulet ( born 1942 ) , American art historian
Gaston Poulet ( 1892–1974 ) , French violinist and conductor
Georges Poulet ( 1902–1991 ) , Belgian literary critic
J. Poulet ( fl . 1811–1818 ) , English cricketer
Olivia Poulet ( born 1978 ) , English actor and screenwriter
Paul Poulet ( 1887–1946 ) , Belgian mathematician
Quentin Poulet ( fl . 1477–1506 ) , Burgundian Catholic priest , scribe , illuminator , and librarian
Robert Poulet ( 1893–1989 ) , Belgian writer , literary critic and journalist
William Poulet ( publisher ) , pseudonym used by Jean-Paul Wayenborgh to write their History of Spectacles `` Die Brille ''
Auguste Poulet-Malassis ( 1825–1878 ) , French printer and publisher
See also
Poulett
Poulette ( disambiguation )
Gimri may refer to :
Gimry , Dagestan , Russia
Gyumri , Armenia
The NAL / ADE Golden Hawk is an unmanned Micro Air Vehicle ( MAV ) technology demonstrator developed jointly by Aeronautical Development Establishment ( ADE ) of DRDO and National Aerospace Laboratories ( NAL ) of CSIR . It based on basic design of Shashank Misra and is one of the airframe designs being pursued for `` National Program on Micro Air Vehicles '' ( NP-MICAV )
Golden Hawk is a fixed-wing aerial vehicle having platform shape of Cropped Delta . Its airframe is made of kevlar and Foam . The Golden Hawk is powered by Lithium polymer battery ( 1350mAh , 11.1 V , 3 cells ) placed ahead of the wing . It has a speed of 10 to 15 m per second and have a flight endurance of half hour . It has tractor configuration and has its 25 watt brushless DC motor mounted with APC 7 x 5 , 2 bladed propellers facing forward .
It is equipped with a powerful small camera which can record the activities on ground zero . It has an operational range of 2 km and can take video from an altitude of 80–100 m. It is remotely radio-controlled and an autopilot has also been provided . The prototypes are currently under the user trials as on 2012 .
See also
NAL / ADE Black Kite
NAL / ADE Pushpak
External links
http : //zeenews.india.com/news/uts/country-s-first-chandigarh-police-get-uav_701212.html
http : //www.indianexpress.com/news/uav-chandigarh-police-spread-wings-with -- golden-hawk-/779043
Unmanned aerial vehicles of India
Micro air vehicles
Peter Hall ( 4 December 1927 – 30 May 2014 ) was a New Zealand cricketer . They played first-class cricket for Cambridge University and Otago between 1948 and 1956 .
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
List of Cambridge University Cricket Club players
References
External links
1927 births
2014 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Otago cricketers
Jón Páll Sigmarsson Classic is an annual strongman competition consisting of international athletes from various countries . The event was established in 2010 by contest organizer Hjalti Árnason , who was a childhood friend of the late Jón Páll Sigmarsson . The event takes place annually during the Icelandic fitness & health expo .
Event Results
References
Strongmen competitions
Sports competitions in Iceland
2010 establishments in Iceland
Recurring events established in 2010
William Rounseville Alger ( December 28 , 1822 – February 7 , 1905 ) was an American Unitarian minister , author , poet , hymnist , editor , and abolitionist . They also served as Chaplain of the Massachusetts House of Representatives .
Early life and education
William Rounseville Alger was born in Freetown , Massachusetts , on December 28 , 1822 to Nahum and Catherine Sampson Alger , née Rounseville . They attended the academy at Pembroke , New Hampshire , working part-time at a cotton mill . Alger graduated from the Harvard Divinity School in 1847 and was ordained as a Unitarian minister in Roxbury , Massachusetts , where they preached until 1855 .
Career
After 1855 , Alger went to the Bulfinch Street Church in Boston , and preached around the country including in New York , Colorado , Illinois , Maine , Louisiana , and Rhode Island . They became well known in Boston for filling Tremont Temple .
Alger was an active abolitionist and Free Mason , and a contributor to various periodicals including the Christian Examiner , which they co-edited in the 1860s . In 1857 , they gave the annual Boston Fourth of July celebration day speech , in which they addressed the issue of slavery . Their remarks were controversial and the city refused the usual publication of the speech . However , seven years later , the city government unanimously reversed their decision , publishing the speech and publicly thanking them for it .
Alger was also the first regular pastor of the first Episcopalian church in Biddeford , Maine , which was built in 1869 , as well as the Souls Unitarian Church in Roxbury ( also called the Mount Pleasant Congregational Church ) . They also served in The Church of the Messiah , an important Unitarian church in New York . They served as Chaplain of the Massachusetts House of Representatives . Harvey Jewell , the speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives was impressed by Alger 's prayers and asked for their words to be taken down by the stenographer and published .
Death and legacy
Alger died on February 7 , 1905 . Some of their notebooks are stored at the Harvard Divinity School library , and the New York Public Library . Many of their published works have gone through numerous editions , and a number of their hymns have been published in various hymnals and songbooks .
Family
William Alger married Anne Langdon in 1847 . They had seven children , including Philip Rounseville Alger , an American Naval officer .
Alger 's cousin was the noted author Horatio Alger , who had also served as a Unitarian pastor for a short time . Though they were less widely known than Horatio , Gary Scharnhorst called William the `` more talented '' cousin in their 1990 biography of William Alger .
Selected works
History of the cross of Christ ( 1851 )
The charities of Boston , or , Twenty years at the Warren-street Chapel ( 1856 )
The Genius and Posture of America : An Oration Delivered to the Citizens of Boston , July 4 , 1857 ( originally given July 4 , 1857 , pub . 1864 )
The historic purchase of freedom ( 1859 )
Lessons for humankind , from the life and death of Humbolt ( 1859 )
A tribute to the memory and services of the Rev . Theodore Parker ( 1860 )
Good Samaritan in Boston ; a tribute to Moses Grant ( 1862 )
Public morals : or , The true glory of a state ( 1862 )
The solitudes of nature and of man ; or , The loneliness of human life ( 1867 )
Prayers offered in the Massachusetts House of Representatives during the session of 1868 ( 1868 )
The American poets : a review of the works of Thomas William Parsons ( 1869 )
The end of the world , and the day of judgment : two discourses preached to the Music-Hall Society ( 1870 )
The sword , the pen , and the pulpit ; with a tribute to the Christian genius and memory of Charles Dickens ( 1870 )
The Poetry of the Orient ( 1874 ) [ first pub . under The Poetry of the East ; 1856 ]
Life of Edwin Forrest , the American tragedian ( 1877 )
A Critical History of the Doctrine of a Future Life ( 1880 )
The school of life ( 1881 )
Further reading
Scharnhorst , Gary ( 1990 ) . A Literary Biography of William Rounseville Alger ( 1822-1905 ) , a Neglected Member of the Concord Circle . Lewiston : Mellen .
References
External links
1822 births
1905 deaths
Abolitionists from Boston
People from Freetown , Massachusetts
Harvard Divinity School alumni
American Unitarian clergy
Lecturers
American editors
American male poets
Christian abolitionists
Chaplains
American writers
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American poets
19th-century American non-fiction writers
Writers from Boston
American chaplains
Clergy from Boston
Manpeda is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. M. A. Azeez and produced by Bahadoor . The film stars Jayabharathi , Jesey , T. S. Muthaiah and Prem Navas in the lead roles . The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj .
Cast
Jayabharathi
Jesey
T. S. Muthaiah
Prem Navas
Bahadoor
Nellikode Bhaskaran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi .
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Major General Phạm Văn Phú ( 1927 , Hà Đông , French Indochina – 30 April 1975 , Saigon , South Vietnam ) was an officer in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam . They were a graduate of the 8th class of the Dalat Military Academy in 1954 .
Military service
Phu was a company commanding officer in the 5th Battalion of Vietnamese Paratroopers ( 5th BPVN , standing for Bataillon de Parachutistes Vietnamiens in French ) of the Vietnam National Army during the battle of Dien Bien Phu . They were captured with the remainder of the French garrison when it surrendered to the Viet Minh on 7 May 1954 .
In the Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) , Pham served as Chief of Staff of the Special Forces , commander of the 1st Division .
In an interview with The New York Times in early February 1972 they and 3rd Infantry Division commander General Vũ Văn Giai expressed doubts about the widely anticipated PAVN offensive in the northern provinces in mid-February stating that no major action would take place until March at the earliest due to the need for the PAVN to build up their logistics .
They served as director Quang Trung Training Center , before taking the command in 1974 of the II Corps/Military Region II in Pleiku .
They were the commander during the Battle of Ban Me Thuot which was part of North Vietnam 's Campaign 275 to capture the Central Highlands following the victory at Phước Long on 6 January 1975 . Their troops suffered heavy losses on the way of withdrawal to the coastal areas in April 1975 . They committed suicide in Saigon on 30 April 1975 , the day of the fall of Saigon when the Republic of Vietnam fell to the forces of the North Vietnamese Army .
References
Davidson , Phillip ( 1988 ) . Vietnam at War : The History 1946-1975 . Novato , CA : Presidio Press . ( )
External links
The Twenty-five Year Century
1927 births
1975 deaths
Army of the Republic of Vietnam generals
Vietnamese military personnel
South Vietnamese military personnel of the Vietnam War
Vietnamese people of the Vietnam War
Deaths by firearm in Vietnam
Date of birth missing
Suicides in Vietnam
Marcel Roy ( born 21 April 1942 ) is a Canadian former cyclist . They competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Canadian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Canada
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Quebec City
Pan American Games medalists in cycling
Pan American Games gold medalists for Canada
Cyclists at the 1967 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1967 Pan American Games
José María Vigil ( Zaragoza , Spain 22 August 1946 ) is a Latin American theologian who has played a significant role in the fields of liberation theology and spirituality , the theology of religious pluralism and the emergence of new paradigms . They have been a Claretian missionary since 1964 and a Catholic priest since 1971 . They are a naturalised Nicaraguan and currently lives in Panama . They are known for their numerous writings , their editorial and online activity , their service to the Association of Theologians of the Third World ( EATWOT ) , the coordination of Koinonia Services and the International Latin American Agenda , their theology of religious pluralism and , in recent years , their contributions to a ” new paradigms ” theological perspective .
Biography
Born in Zaragoza , Spain in 1946 , they became a naturalized Nicaraguan in Managua in 1988 . They have lived and worked in Latin America since the early 1980s . They completed abaccalaureate at the Colegio La Salle in Zaragoza . They became a member of the Claretian Missionaries in 1964 , studied philosophy ( 1965-1967 ) in Segovia , and theology ( 1968- 1971 ) in the Claretian Hispano-American Theologate of Salamanca , and was ordained priest in that city in 1971. .
They published their first article in 1969 ( in the Diario de León ) , and their first book in 1975 , in Valencia ( Spain ) , EDICEP publishing house . Since then they have published several hundred articles in theological and pastoral magazines and newspapers . They spent thirteen years in Nicaragua , where they became a Nicaraguan citizen . They worked in the Theological and Communications Department of the CAV , Centro Ecuménico Antonio Valdivieso , whose magazine Amanecer they directed for a time . They were involved in pastoral work with grassroots communities in Managua and in rural communities in various parts of the country , especially Estelí .
They participated in the founding of SICSAL , International Christian Secretariat of Solidarity with Latin America , under the auspices of Mexican Bishop Sergio Méndez Arceo , and collaborated with Brazilian bishop Pedro Casaldáliga on solidarity tours in Central America and Mexico . They acted as theological advisor to SICSAL . Beginning in 1987 they participated in the meetings of the group of theologians who authored of a well-known international collection of Liberation Theology titles , sponsored by the Vozes publishing house in Petrópolis , Brazil . In [ year ] , the series was [ especificar : ¿qué acción tomó ? ] by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , head of the Vatican 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith . In 1987 they became a member of EATWOT ( the Ecumenical Association of Third World Theologians [ 1 ] .
In 2006 , at the General Assembly in Johannesburg , South Africa , they were elected coordinator of the “ Latin American Theological Commission ” for the five-year period 2006-2011 , during which time this commission also served on the International Theological Commissionof EATWOT . In 2011 they were re-elected to the same position for the period 2011-2016 .
They are an active member of the International Council of the World Forum on Theology and Liberation ( WFTL ) . [ 2 ] ) . From the beginning ( 2001 ) they have been involved in articulating the presence of liberation theology in the World Social Forum .
Since 1987 José María participated in meetings with the theologian authors of the famous collection of liberation theology , guided by Vozes publishers of Petropolis , Brazil , until the collection was blocked by Cardinal Ratzinger from the Vatican `` Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith '' . They continued participating for many years in the group of theologians Amerindia .
They are an active member of the International Council of `` WFTL '' ( World Forum on Theology and Liberation ) . They participated from the beginning ( 2001 ) in the joint presence of liberation theology in the World Social Forum .
Academic formation
José María graduated in Systematic Theology at the Pontifical University of Salamanca ( September 1972 ) , obtaining their degree in Systematic Theology at the University of St. Thomas ( Angelicum , Rome , 1974 ) . They began studies in Clinical Psychology at the School of Psychology of the Pontifical University of Salamanca , finishing their degree in Psychology at the UCA , Central American University of Managua ( 1992 ) . They hold a PhD in Education with a specialization in pedagogical mediation from the Universidad La Salle de San José de Costa Rica ( 2008 ) , with a personal emphasis on New Paradigms . In 2013 they were invited to and made a post-doctoral work in Religious Sciences at the Pontifical Catholic University of Belo Horizonte ( 2013 ) in Belo Horizonte , Brazil .
Principal occupations
Professor of Theology at the Regional Center for Theological Studies of Aragon ( CRETA ) , of the Pontifical University of Salamanca , in the 70s and 80s , and in the Central American University of Managua ( UCA ) during the 80s and 90s .
Since 1992 , together with Pedro Casaldáliga , they have published annually the Agenda LatinoAmericana in 18 countries and 5 languages on average .
They have directed the anthology series : « Along the many ways of God » ( Abya Yala , Quito , Ecuador ) , with the participation of more than 70 theologians . For its broad comprehension of contents and authors this is the prime Latin American work on the subject . The five-volume series was published simultaneously in four languages : Spanish , Portuguese , Italian and English .
They have been `` theologically active '' on the internet heading-up the team of Koinonia Services , which they founded in April 1993 . It is the oldest website on the network to offer on-line a Spanish biblical service and a theological journal .
Since 2006 they coordinate the Latino-American Theological Commission of EATWOT , `` The Ecumenical Association of Third World Theologians '' ( also known in Latin America as ASETT ) ; this Latin American Theological Commission also is serving during the last two periods as International Theological Commission of EATWOT . They were for two terms ( 2006–2018 ) general editor of `` VOICES of the Third World '' – the digital theological magazine EATWOT makes available to the general public .
With the same publisher – Editorial Abyayala , Quito ( Ecuador ) – directs the `` Axial-Time Collection '' which publishes `` avant garde '' themes e.g . new paradigms : the modern paradigm , the “ religious-pluralist vision ” ; the baffling perspectives opened by quantum physics , “ multi-culturalism ” , process-philosophy , pos-theistic and pos-religious paradigms , the new epistemology , the new paradigm of biblical archaeology , etc .
José María has been the Invited Professor to courses , conferences and symposia in various Latin American universities , such as the Xaveriana in Bogota Colombia , the UNISINOS of São Leopoldo in Brazil , the Catholic University of Belo Horizonte in Brazil , the National University of Costa Rica , ITESO of Guadalajara in Mexico and the system of Jesuit universities also in Mexico , the Methodist University of São Paulo in Brazil , and the Universidad Iberoamericana in Mexico , among others .
They have also been the invited speaker giving the lecture at many courses or international events , such as the international `` Courses for empowering '' for formators , organized by the CONFER of Peru ( 2011–2015 ) and the CIRM of Mexico ( 2015 ) ; the Multicultural Dialogue in Guadalajara , Mexico ( 2015 ) ; Regional Meetings of CEB 's in Latin America , and the Congress of the Popular Christian Communities of Spain ; the Christian d'Avui Forum ( Valencia , Spain , 2013 ) ; the International Buddhist-Christian Conference ( New York , Theological Union Seminary , 2013 ) ; the Religious Forum in Vitoria Spain 2014 ... among others .
For two consecutive terms ( 1998–2005 ) they have been the Secretary General of CICLA , the Latin American International Confederation of the Claretian Congregation , now called MICLA.9 During that time they coordinated the creation and dissemination10 of the Diario Bíblico in all Latin American countries .
Intellectual theological itinerary
Entering into an adult theological life with the enthusiasm of the Second Vatican Council ( 1975 ) and its refurbishing theology , to which had dedicated the early years of their ministry , José María soon discovered the emerging Latin American `` Liberation Theology '' of the 1975 's . This enthralled them and led to theirs being transplanted to Latin America , where they have since lived and been employed . From the privileged vantage point of `` The Revolutionary Nicaragua '' they accompanied the avant-gande militant Liberation Theology , the grassroots communities and the Church of the poor , working closely with their friend and claretian companion Pedro Casaldáliga .
With the arrival of so-called globalization in the 1990s , and in the third stage of their intellectual journey , José María also entered the theological field of `` religious pluralism '' , a new branch of theology in which they have been one of the outstanding Latin Americans authors . Maintaining themselves within the theology and the paradigm of liberation , they went on to adopt the well-known `` Latin American methodology '' ( see > judge > act ) that appears in many of their writings . Their book `` Theology of Religious Pluralism '' —A systematic course in popular theology—has been hailed by Paul Knitter as the most representative Latin American book on `` The Theology of Religious Pluralism '' , and has been published in Spanish , Portuguese , English , Italian and German .
The book is written not only vis á vis the academy but also exhibits a strong pedagogical substance making it suitable to be used in the formation of Christian communities . The book advocates a `` pluralistic re-reading of Christianity . '' This of course earned for them a doctrinal indictment by two Spanish bishops , and being taken before the Commission for the Doctrine of the Faith of the Spanish Episcopal Conference . The up-shot of it all ultimately led to the imposition on José María of three years public silence ( time now served-out ) by the Vatican Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith .
In recent years , after having participated in the General Congress of the CLAR ( Bogotá 2009 ) , and traversing a fourth stage in their intellectual itinerary , José María has again broadened their horizon of thought into the expanding world of the `` sciences of religion '' , paying particular attention to the epistemological changes occurring in the culture : so-called `` new paradigms '' being un-covered by the sciences of religion that are currently confronting religions and spirituality , and which many consider to be a `` new axial time '' into which we as humanity are shifting . And to this they have devoted their recent years .
Books
¿Qué queda de la opción por los pobres ? , en : Christus 58 ( 1993 ) 6 [ 667 ] , 7–19 y en : RELaT 6
La opción por los pobres . Evaluación crítica , en : RELaT 112 ;
¿Cambio de paradigma en la Teología de la Liberación ? , en : RELaT 177
Teología del pluralismo religioso . Curso sistemático de Teología Popular , Editorial Abya Yala , Quito , Ecuador 2005 , 389 pp . Ediciones El Almendro , Córdoba ( España ) 2005 , 389 pp . En : Atrio , por capítulos , en Scribd y en Academia.edu
Escritos sobre Teología del Pluralismo 1992–2012 . Libros Digitales Koinonía , y Academia.edu .
Bajar de la cruz a los pobres : cristología de la liberación ( organizador ) , Panama 2007. . PDF en Servicios Koinonía y en Academia.edu .
La política de la Iglesia apolítica . Una aportación a la teología política desde la historia . Edicep . Valencia 1975 , 225 pp . PDF
Vivir el Concilio . Guía para la animación conciliar de la comunidad cristiana , Paulinas , Madrid 1985 , 238 pp . PDF
María de Nazaret . Materiales pastorales para la comunidad cristiana , Paulinas , Madrid 1985 , 172 pp . PDF
Plan de pastoral prematrimonial . Orientación y materiales , Sal Terrae , Santander 1988 , 285 pp . PDF
Junto con Pedro Casaldáliga : Espiritualidad de la liberación . Ediciones en : Ediciones Envío , Managua 1993 , 284 pp PDF ; Verbo Divino , Quito 1992 , 290 pp ; Paulinas , Bogotá 1992 , 290 pp ; Sal Terrae , Santander 1992 , 21993 , 287 pp ; CRT , México 1993 , 283 pp ; Lascasiana , Guatemala 1993 , 283 pp ; Guaymuras , Tegucigalpa 1993 , 358 pp ; Amigo del Hogar , Santo Domingo 1993 , 315 pp ; Conferre , Santiago de Chile 1993 , 283 pp ; Nueva Tierra , Buenos Aires , junio 1993 , 284 pp ; UCA Editores , San Salvador 1993 , 287 pp . ; Talleres Claret , La Ceiba ( Honduras ) 1993 , 172 pp , en : RELaT . In English : Burn & Oates , London , 1994 , , en : Academia.edu .
Sobre la Opción por los pobres , J.M . Vigil ( org . ) , con Leonardo Boff , Pedro Casaldáliga , Víctor Codina , Giuglio Girardi , Julio Lois , Albert Nolan , Jorge Pixley , Jon Sobrino . Ediciones en : Sal Terrae ( colección « Presencia teológica » nº 64 ) , Santander 1991 , 165 pp ; Nicarao , Managua 1991 , 151 pp ; Sal Terrae , Santander 1991 , 165 pp ; Rehue , Santiago de Chile 1992 , 139 pp ; Paulinas , Bogotá 1994 , 145 pp . PDF
Aunque es de noche . Hipótesis psico-teológicas sobre la crisis espiritual de América Latina en los 90 , Editorial Envío , Managua , 1996 , 191 pp . PDF
Todas las Agendas Latinoamericanas desde 1992 a 2016 . También en Academia.edu .
Significant articles
Valor salvífico de las religiones indígenas ( 1992 ) . En : RELaT
Originalidad cristiana de la Iglesia Latinoamericana ( 1992 ) . En : RELaT
La opción por los pobres es opción por la justicia y no es preferencial . En : RELaT y Academia.edu .
Vida religiosa : lecciones de la historia ( 1994 ) . En : RELaT
Vida religiosa : ¿parábola o hipérbole ( 1995 ) . En : RELaT
Creer como Jesús : la espiritualidad del Reino . Elementos fundantes de la espiritualidad latinoamericana ( 1996 ) . En : RELaT
Desafíos de la teología del pluralismo a la fe tradicional ( 2005 ) . En : RELaT
Un vademécum para el ecumenismo ( 2004 ) . En : RELaT y en Academia.edu .
Desafíos más hondos a la vida religiosa ( 2004 ) . En : RELaT y en Academia.edu .
Crisis de la vida religiosa en Europa ( 2005 ) . En : RELaT y en Academia.edu .
Propuesta de paradigma pos-religional ( EATWOT-VOICES 2012 ) . En : RELaT y en Academia.edu .
Desafíos de la ecología a las religiones ( 2013 ) . En : RELaT y en Academia.edu .
Humanizar la Humanidad . Paradigma pós-religional ( Horizonte 37 , 2015 ) . En : RELaT y en Academia.edu .
El nuevo paradigma arqueológico-bíblico ( VOICES , 2015 ) . En : RELaT y en Academia.edu .
Errores sobre el mundo que redundan en errores sobre Dios . Los desafíos de la nueva cosmología como tareas para la teología y la espiritualidad ( 2015 ) . En : RELaT y en Academia.edu .
References
External links
José María Vigil at Academia.edu
Koinonia Services
Agenda Latinoamericana Mundial
World Latin American Agenda
Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith 's notes from the Spanish Episcopal Conference
Axial Time Collection
RELaT ( Latin American Theology Journal )
Interview with José María Vigil at the Foro Religioso Popular de Vitoria 2014 .
José María Vigil 's curriculum vitae on Brazilian platform Lattes
1946 births
Living people
People from Zaragoza
20th-century Spanish Roman Catholic theologians
Claretians
21st-century Spanish Roman Catholic theologians
Sir William Young , 1st Baronet ( 1724/5–1788 ) was a British politician and sugar plantation and slave owner . They served as President of the Commission for the Sale of Lands in the Ceded Islands , and was appointed the first non-military Governor of Dominica in 1768 .
Early life
They were born in Antigua in 1725 , the son of Dr William Young who had fled from Scotland after the Jacobite uprising of 1715 .
Career
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1748 , their candidature citation reading `` Residing at Chalton near Canterbury , A Gentleman well versed in Natural and Experimental knowledge , and alwaies ready to promote whatever may tend to the Improvement of Arts and Sciences '' .
They were the author of Considerations which may tend to promote the settlement of our new West-India colonies : by encouraging individuals to embark in the undertaking , published in 1764 .
Early in 1764 , Prime Minister George Grenville nominated Young and they were appointed in the same year to be President of the Commission for the Sale of Lands in the Ceded Islands . The islands included Grenada , Tobago , Dominica , and St Vincent , acquired from France as a result of the 1763 Peace of Paris . The commission was under instructions to create model colonies , which would learn from the success of others but which would avoid their problems of depleted fertility and environmental degradation . In late 1764 , Young and their group sailed for Barbados , spending eight years away from their family during the period of 1764 to 1773 , though in fact they made at least two return journeys in 1767 and 1770 . James Harris reports on attending concerts at Young 's residence in those years . Of particular note during this time , Young employed the artist Agostino Brunias to record Young 's progress and the visual context of their Commission 's work . Young was also a diarist and illustrator and documented their own time in the Caribbean islands . They recorded `` 110 voyages of a like nature performed in the course of nine years amongst the ceded islands on the service of the Commission for the sale of lands . ''
In 1768 , Young was made Lieutenant Governor of Dominica . In 1769 they were made Baronet Young of North Dean . In 1770 they were chosen to be the first Governor of the new government , being sworn in on 17 November 1770 . They were responsible for building the main military stronghold of Dominica in Roseau , Fort Young ( now a hotel ) in 1770 and for Government House , Dominica , their residence near the fort . They left Dominica in 1772 , rushing to St Vincent to `` assist with the Carib War '' and to protect their estates there . Sir William Young was back in England at the end of 1773 , and their office of Receiver and Governor ended , and it was concluded by their family that `` the adventure in the ceded islands had proved so expensive and indeed ruinous '' to him .
Personal life
Young and theirs second wife , Elizabeth ( 1729–1801 ) , the daughter of the mathematician Brook Taylor , had several children , including Sarah Elizabeth , William , Portia , Elizabeth , Mary , Henry , John , and Olivia . They and ten family members were featured in the oil painting , The Family of Sir William Young , Baronet ( ca.1766 ) by Johann Zoffany . Their eldest son , Sir William Young , 2nd Baronet ( 1749–1815 ) , was the Governor of Tobago from 1807-1815 as well as serving as a Member of Parliament .
Sir William purchased some of the best pieces of real estate on Antigua , St Vincent , and Tobago . Despite this , they were seriously in debt and after their death in 1788 they left a debt of around £110,000 ( £ in pounds ) for their first son to pay off . Sir William Young , 2nd Baronet also inherited four plantations and 896 slaves in the colonies at that time , but was unable to save them from bankruptcy .
Legacy
Young Island in the Grenadines is named in their honour .
See also
Young baronets
References
1724 births
1788 deaths
Governors of Dominica
Sugar plantation owners
Roseau
British Dominica people
Baronets in the Baronetage of Great Britain
Fellows of the Royal Society
Date of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
Monica Tzasna Arriola Gordillo ( 14 May 1971 – 14 March 2016 ) was a Mexican politician affiliated with the New Alliance Party .
They died of brain cancer on 14 March 2016 in Mexico City .
Personal life and education
Arriola Gordillo was the daughter of Elba Esther Gordillo . They got their bachelor 's degree in Latin American literature from the Universidad Iberoamericana .
Political career
Arriola was a member of the New Alliance Party who in 2006 secured a seat in the Chamber of Deputies of Mexico via proportional representation to serve during the LX Legislature . In October 2006 they traveled to other Latin American countries with Felipe Calderón during the first overseas trip of Calderon as president-elect of Mexico .
References
1971 births
2016 deaths
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Mexico )
Women members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Mexico )
Mexican people of Basque descent
New Alliance Party ( Mexico ) politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
21st-century Mexican women politicians
Universidad Iberoamericana alumni
Politicians from Mexico City
Deaths from brain cancer in Mexico
Deputies of the LX Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Senate of the Republic ( Mexico )
South Canberra , or the Inner South , is a central district of Canberra , the capital city of Australia .
South Canberra is located to the south of Canberra 's city centre and is on the south bank of Lake Burley Griffin .
It is one of the oldest parts of Canberra and is built in part in accordance to Walter Burley Griffin 's designs . Unlike the later districts in Canberra that are built as separate satellite cities , South Canberra is only separated from North Canberra only by Lake Burley Griffin . The two districts combined form the district of Central Canberra and share Civic as their central commercial area .
According to the , South Canberra 's population was 31,592 .
Places of note
Australia 's Parliament House on Capital Hill .
Parkes contains the Parliamentary Triangle area .
Government House the official residence of the governor general .
Sites of significance
In 1984 the National Capital Development Commission commissioned the identification and documentation of sites of significance in the ACT . The results for Inner Canberra were published in 1988 . Sites with both natural and cultural significance were identified . Many of these are listed on the ACT Heritage Register .
Cultural sites of significance :
Barton : Old Parliament House ; Patent Offices ( now the Sir Robert Garran Offices housing the Attorney-General 's Department ) ; Brassey House ; Barton urban conservation area
Deakin : The Lodge
Kingston : Kingston shops ( Eastlake Shopping Centre ) ; Kingston Power House ; Federal Capital Commission houses
Forrest : Forrest urban conservation area ; Street sign ; Forrest residences
Manuka : Housing group ; St Christopher 's school and convent ; Manuka swimming pool ; Manuka oval - curator 's residence
Red Hill : House 67 , Arthur Circle ; Calthorpes ' House
Yarralumla : Bus shelter : Schlich Street ( destroyed by fire since identification ) ; Surveyors hut ; Albert Hall ; Hotel Canberra ; Australian Forestry School ; Old Canberra Brickworks ; Canberra Incinerator ; Westbourne Woods ; Government House
Natural sites of significance :
Deakin anticlines
Rutidosis leptorrhynchoides habitats
State Circle road cutting
Red Hill geological site
Narrabundah Tors
Hindmarsh Drive road cuttings
Demographics
At the , South Canberra had a population of 31,592 of which 48.3 % were male and 51.7 % were female . Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people made up 1.3 % of the population , which was lower than the national and territory averages . The median age of people in South Canberra was 40 years , which was slightly higher than the national median of 38 years . Children aged 0–14 years made up 13.7 % of the population and people aged 65 years and over made up 18.5 % of the population . Of people in the area aged 15 years and over , 45.2 % were married and 10.6 % were either divorced or separated .
Population growth in North Canberra between the and the was minus 2.0 % ; in the five years to the , growth was 2.1 % ; in the five years to the , growth was 11.8 % ; and in the five years to the , growth was 17.0 % . Population growth in South Canberra was slower than the national average during the first 10 years ( national average for each five-year period was 5.8 % and 8.3 % respectively ) , but it has been significantly faster since ( the national average was 8.8 % and 8.6 % in the last two periods ) . The median weekly income for residents within South Canberra was significantly higher than the national and territory averages .
Representation
The Inner South is part of the Division of Canberra in the Australian House of Representatives and is currently represented by Alicia Payne . As of 2020 , most of the Inner South is represented in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly by 5 members representing Kurrajong . Deakin and Yarralumla are represented by 5 members representing Murrumbidgee .
Inner South Canberra Community Council : The Inner South Canberra Community Council ( ISCCC ) is a voluntary , not for profit , community-based association operating in the inner south area of Canberra , in the Australian Capital Territory . The ISCCC is recognised by the ACT Government as a peak community body representing the interests of the local residents , businesses and organisations . The ISCCC 's objective is to preserve and improve the social , cultural , economic and environmental well being of Inner South Canberra and the Inner South Canberra community . The ISCCC Is not a local government .
References
External links
Canberra region map - all districts
Districts of the Australian Capital Territory
Steve Letarte ( born May 14 , 1979 ) is a sportscaster and a NASCAR crew chief . Born in Cornish , Maine , they are currently at NBC Sports as a color analyst on their telecasts for NASCAR . They left Hendrick Motorsports following the 2014 season after 20 years with the team . From September 2005 to November 2010 , they were the pit crew chief for Jeff Gordon , taking over the No . 24 Chevrolet from Robbie Loomis . From February 2011 to November 2014 they were Dale Earnhardt Jr. 's crew chief . They returned in 2021 to be the crew chief of Corey Lajoie 's No . 7 Spire Motorsports team .
Early racing career
Letarte began working for Hendrick Motorsports part-time in 1995 . In 1996 , at the age of 16 , they joined the group full-time . From 1997 to 1999 , they worked as a tire specialist for Jeff Gordon 's No . 24 team . They then became a mechanic and finally car chief in 2002 .
No . 24 crew chief
Letarte was promoted from car chief to crew chief after Gordon missed the 2005 Chase for the NEXTEL Cup . They were promoted after 26 of the 36 races in the 2005 season .
In Letarte 's sixth race as crew chief with Gordon , they visited victory lane for the first time in October 2005 , winning the Subway 500 at Martinsville Speedway , in Martinsville , Virginia . Gordon improved with three top-five finishes in the last five races of the 2005 season .
Entering the 2006 season , Hendrick Motorsports made wholesale changes to the No . 24 team . Gordon fought major handling issues at almost all of the intermediate racetracks , ( 1.5/2-mile downforce racetracks ) which relegated Gordon to run outside the top-ten and even outside the top-fifteen . Gordon finished outside the top-ten at California , Texas , Charlotte , and Pocono – all of which were down-force tracks .
When the series reached the 2-mile racetrack of Michigan International Speedway , near Brooklyn , Michigan , in mid-June , Gordon experienced a huge turnaround at a track that they had struggled at in previous season . Gordon led the most laps and finished eighth in a rain-shortened event ; showing an instant improvement in Gordon 's downforce program . For the first time since 2004 , the No . 24 Chevrolet made the Chase for the NEXTEL Cup .
Gordon experienced an up-and-down postseason in 2006 . They finished in the top five in both of the first two races , but posted 39th- and 36th-place finishes in the next two events , due to a failed fuel pump in Kansas Speedway and a crash at Talladega Superspeedway . Gordon also experienced an engine failure with 33 laps to go at Charlotte which relegated the No . 24 to a 24th-place finish .
Letarte and their team rebounded with finishes of : 5th at Martinsville , 6th at Atlanta , 9th at Texas , 4th at Phoenix and a 24th-place finish at the season finale at Homestead , and ended the season 6th in the final points standings .
In 2007 , Gordon finished the year with 6 wins , Gordon 's highest total since 2001 , and a series-leading 21 top-5s , the most scored in a season since 1999 . The No . 24 team also finished with 30 top-10s , setting a new NASCAR modern era record for most top 10s in a single season . They dominated the points standings throughout much of the year , earning , in total , 353 more points than Jimmie Johnson 's No . 48 team , and 706 more points than Tony Stewart 's No . 20 team ( who earned the third most points of any team in 2007 ) . However , due to the Chase playoff system , Gordon lost the championship to Jimmie Johnson . Their performance in the Chase was exceptionally good however , winning two races and scoring an average finish of 5.1 , but it was not enough to outperform Johnson , who racked up more wins and better average finishes than Gordon .
2008 would be a brutal reminder of how difficult racing in NASCAR 's top series can be . Astonishingly , Gordon went winless for the first time since their rookie year in 1993 . The team posted a respectable 19 top-10s and 13 top-5s en route to a 7th-place finish in the season 's final standings , but it was a disappointing follow-up to the 2007 season . Despite being the target of blame from many critics for the team 's failures , Jeff Gordon and Rick Hendrick stood by the longtime Hendrick Motorsports employee and Letarte returned at the helm for 2009 .
Gordon snapped their career-high 47-race winless streak with a victory in the Samsung 500 at Texas Motor Speedway ( one of only two tracks Gordon had yet to win at on the NASCAR circuit at the time ) on April 5 , 2009 . But alas , it would be Gordon 's only win of the 2009 season . The team had a strong year however , finishing 3rd in the final standings and leading the series with both 16 top-5s and 25 top 10s . As an organization , Hendrick Motorsports finished an impressive 1–2–3 in the standings as Gordon finished third , Mark Martin finished second and Jimmie Johnson won their record-setting fourth-straight championship .
No . 88 crew chief
For the 2011 season , the crew chiefs of all of the Hendrick teams except for Chad Knaus were switched around . In the switch , Letarte was reassigned to Dale Earnhardt Jr. , while Earnhardt 's former crew chief Lance McGrew was reassigned to Mark Martin and Martin 's former crew chief Alan Gustafson was reassigned to Gordon .
The pairing of Letarte and Earnhardt Jr. showed strong results early in the 2011 season . On April 3 , 2011 , Earnhardt Jr. held the lead late in the race at Martinsville Speedway , but was passed with less than 5 laps to go by Kevin Harvick who would drive on to victory . During the Coca-Cola 600 , Earnhardt Jr. held the lead on the final lap , but was forced to surrender the lead to Harvick when they ran out of fuel . In the very next race at Kansas Speedway , Letarte had called Earnhardt to pit road thinking that no drivers would be able to make it to the end on fuel . Unfortunately for Letarte and Earnhardt Jr. Brad Keselowski was able to make it to the checkered flag and relegated the No . 88 to a 2nd-place finish . Letarte led Earnhardt Jr. back into the Sprint Cup Chase for the Championship for the first time since the 2008 season . Despite failing to win a race during the course of the season , Earnhardt Jr. scored 4 top five finishes and 12 top ten finishes . The No . 88 car finished the season in the 7th place in points .
Letarte and Earnhardt Jr. continued together into the start of the 2012 season . The season started off strong with a 2nd-place finish in the Gatorade Duel , followed by a second-place finish in the Daytona 500 . Earnhardt Jr. finally broke into victory lane on June 17 , 2012 by winning the Quicken Loans 400 at Michigan International Speedway , snapping Earnhardt Jr. 's 143 race winless streak .
On February 23 , 2014 , Letarte and Earnhardt Jr. won the 2014 Daytona 500 , narrowly edging out Denny Hamlin and Brad Keselowski .
On June 8 , 2014 Letarte and Earnhardt earned their second win of the season after Brad Keselowski moved up behind the lapped car of Danica Patrick to remove a piece of trash from their grill . Earnhardt took advantage and won at Pocono Raceway for the first time in their career .
The Earnhardt/Letarte pair triumphed again at Pocono on August 3 , and later collected what was Earnhardt 's first Martinsville clock when the two scored a victory in the Goody 's Headache Relief Shot 500 at Martinsvillle Speedway on October 26 .
The 2014 season marked the first time Earnhardt posted multiple wins in a season since 2004 , and Letarte closed out their career as Earnhardt 's crew chief with an eighth-place finish in points . The two finished in the top 10 in series standings three times in their four years together .
No . 7 crew chief
Letarte briefly returned to the pit box for the 2021 Dixie Vodka 400 at Homestead–Miami Speedway in February 2021 , when they took over as interim crew chief for Corey LaJoie 's No . 7 Spire Motorsports Chevrolet while regular crew chief Ryan Sparks was held out due to COVID-19 protocols .
NBC Sports
On January 9 , 2014 , it was announced that Letarte would be leaving Hendrick Motorsports after the 2014 season to become an analyst for NBC Sports . Their first race was the 2015 Coke Zero 400 , incidentally won by Dale Earnhardt Jr. After five years with the crew , Letarte said they have seen themselves progress as a broadcaster .
Personal life
Letarte and wife Tricia have two children and live in Cornelius , North Carolina . They are the proprietor of RacingJobs.com , a website that helps applicants find employment in motorsports .
References
External links
Profile at Hendrick Motorsports
NASCAR crew chiefs
1979 births
Living people
People from Cornish , Maine
People from Cornelius , North Carolina
Sportspeople from Maine
The Council for the Polish Language ( Polish : Rada Języka Polskiego ) is the official language regulating organ of Polish . It was established by the Presidium of the Polish Academy of Sciences pursuant to Resolution No . 17/96 of 9 September 1996 .
Organization
The council is composed of 36 members , including linguists , scientists , other specialists ( e.g. , in law , history of art , computer science , medicine , physics ) . It is tasked with advisory duties .
The council 's activities are outlined in the Polish Language Act ( Polish : `` Ustawa o języku polskim '' ) of 1999 .
The stated tasks of the council are :
analysis and evaluation of the condition of Polish and advising on the state language policy ;
promoting knowledge about Polish , its variations , standards , and the criteria for evaluation of its usage ; organization of discussions and conferences to this aim ;
making decisions on disputes over elements of the language ( vocabulary , grammar , spelling , punctuation , and syntax ) ;
establishing rules for spelling and punctuation ;
finding solutions for usage of Polish in science and technology ( primarily in emerging disciplines ) ;
evaluation of the names for new commercial products and services ;
taking care of the language culture in Polish-language schools ;
expressing views on non-standardized given names for children ;
review of texts published by the Polish media and public administration .
Notable members
Among the most notable current members of the council are :
Jerzy Bartmiński
Andrzej Blikle
Jerzy Bralczyk
Andrzej Markowski
Jan Miodek
References
External links
Official webpage
1996 establishments in Poland
Language regulators
Languages of Poland
Polish Academy of Sciences
Organizations established in 1996
Andrew Robb Love ( 26 March 1905 – 3 November 1962 ) was a Scottish professional football winger who played for Aberdeen , Aldershot and Montrose .
Love began their senior career at Aberdeen in 1925 , signing from Kirkintilloch Rob Roy . They played 240 games for Aberdeen , before moving to Aldershot in 1935 .
Love won three Scotland caps in 1931 , scoring once against Switzerland .
References
Sources
1905 births
1962 deaths
People from Renfrew
Association football wingers
Scottish footballers
Aberdeen F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
Scotland international footballers
Aldershot F.C . players
Kirkintilloch Rob Roy F.C . players
Montrose F.C . players
Scottish Football League representative players
Simphiwe is a South African male given name that may refer to
Simphiwe Dana ( born 1980 ) , South African singer-songwriter
Simphiwe Dludlu ( born 1987 ) , South African football defender
Simphiwe Khonco , South African boxer
Simphiwe Manqele ( born 1997 ) , South African Top guy
Simphiwe Nongqayi ( born 1972 ) , South African boxer
Simphiwe Yiba ( born 1992 ) , South African cricketer
African masculine given names
Lythria purpuraria , the purple-barred yellow , is a species of moth of the family Geometridae . It is found from western Europe to Siberia , Russia , Ukraine , Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan .
L. purpuraria generally have two red-purple transverse lines in their green-yellow forewings . They are often confused with L. cruentaria , a sister species in the same family . This is because they are both available in a variety of sizes with multiple wing patterns . L. purpuraria and the other four species within the Lythria family have a very difficult genitalia structure , which is complicated to analyze and study .
Adults are on wing from April to June and again from July to September . It is a day-flying species . There are two generations per year .
The larvae feed on prostrate knotweed , also known as Polygonum aviculare .
External links
Fauna Europaea
Lepiforum.de
References
Lythriini
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Eliza Kent ( 1760 – 29 January 1810 ) was a British traveller and writer . It is thought that Eliza was the first European woman to have official duties in Australia as `` First Lady '' to their husband 's uncle who was the second Governor of New South Wales . They spent five years travelling on board a ship and wrote about their visit to New Caledonia and one of their voyages from New South Wales to England .
Life
Kent 's father William was from Newcastle and they are said to have received several offers before they married William Kent who was in the navy and they were their cousin . They married in Newcastle in 1791 and their first child was born in 1792 who they named after John Hunter . At the beginning of 1795 the family set off on under their husband 's command bound for Sydney en route to New South Wales . They arrived in Sydney where William 's uncle John Hunter joined the party . On 16 February , they sailed for New South Wales accompanied by Captain John Hunter in .
Hunter was the new and only the second governor of the colony . Hunter was a single man , so Eliza would take up the role of `` First Lady '' at the governor 's receptions . It is thought that Eliza was the first European woman to have official duties in Australia .
The ships arrived at Sydney on 7 September , and for the next five years Kent was employed in the service of the colony , making voyages to Norfolk Island and the Cape of Good Hope , and surveying parts of the coast of New South Wales .
In 1800 Governor Hunter returned to London on board HMS Buffalo with their husband as the captain and they and their family were on board . When they reached the UK they returned almost immediately , but they left their three children in the UK . They were on that ship for five years as once back in Australia they set out for New Caledonia and then to Calcutta . Whilst they were in New Caledonia they wrote to their mother about life there . In 1807 they wrote for the Athenaeum magazine about life in New Caledonia as it was an area of the world that few people knew about . This was followed by another piece that described their return journey of 1800–1801 .
They died on 29 January 1810 in London . They were survived by their husband and three of their children who although born in Australia were still in the United Kingdom . Their son , William , was lacking in money until they returned to Australia to find their inheritance . William and Eliza had built a large house whilst they were in Australia . Their daughter Penelope was mentioned in John Hunter 's will because they had cared for them in their old age .
References
British travel writers
British women travel writers
1760 births
1810 deaths
People from Newcastle , New South Wales
Mexican Spitfire at Sea is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts and Jerry Cady . It is the fourth film in the Mexican Spitfire series , which began in 1939 . The film stars Lupe Vélez , Leon Errol , Charles `` Buddy '' Rogers , ZaSu Pitts , Elisabeth Risdon , and Florence Bates . The film was released on March 13 , 1942 , by RKO Radio Pictures .
Plot
Carmelita Lindsay ( Lupe Vélez ) believes she 's finally going away on a honeymoon , which they have been unable to arrange due to their husband Dennis 's constant business deals . Dennis ( Charles `` Buddy '' Rogers ) secretly intends to use this ocean voyage to sell advertising to the well-to-do Baldwins ( Florence Bates and Harry Holman ) , with help from their Uncle Matt and Aunt Della ( Leon Errol and Elisabeth Risdon ) .
On the cruise , a quarrel with Carmelita results in Dennis being thrown out of their cabin and into another occupied by Parisian blonde Fifi Russell ( Marion Martin ) . The Baldwins , assuming that Dennis and Fifi are husband and wife , insist on arranging a meeting with British nobleman Lord Epping . Mistaken identities multiply thereafter , as Carmelita recruits Uncle Matt to pose as Lord Epping , and they both prevail upon passenger Emily Pepper ( ZaSu Pitts ) to impersonate Lady Epping . Further complicating matters , Carmelita and Dennis 's business rival ( Eddie Dunn ) make Dennis jealous .
The multiple motives and identities become so scrambled that Uncle Matt is cornered . They desperately sound an alarm , evacuating the passengers so they can escape in the confusion .
Cast
Lupe Vélez as Carmelita Lindsay
Leon Errol as Uncle Matt Lindsay / Lord Basil Epping
Charles `` Buddy '' Rogers as Dennis Lindsay
ZaSu Pitts as Emily Pepper
Elisabeth Risdon as Aunt Della Lindsay
Florence Bates as Minerva Baldwin
Marion Martin as Fifi Russell
Lydia Bilbrook as Lady Ada Epping
Eddie Dunn as George Skinner
Harry Holman as Joshua Baldwin
Marten Lamont as Purser
References
External links
1942 films
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Leslie Goodwins
1942 comedy films
Films produced by Cliff Reid
American comedy films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The String Quartet in E minor , Op . 121 , is the only string quartet by Gabriel Fauré . Completed in 1924 shortly before their death at the age of 79 , it is their last composition . Their pupil Maurice Ravel had dedicated their String Quartet to Fauré in 1903 , and they and others urged Fauré to compose one of their own ; they declined , on the grounds that it was too difficult . When they finally decided to write it , they did so in trepidation .
The quartet is in three movements , the last movement combining the functions of scherzo and finale . The work has been described as an intimate meditation on the last things , and `` an extraordinary work by any standards , ethereal and other-worldly with themes that seem constantly to be drawn skywards . ''
History
When Fauré was director of the Paris Conservatoire ( from 1905 to 1920 ) they customarily left Paris for several weeks at the end of the academic year to compose in peace in quiet resorts . After their retirement they continued to retreat from Paris for bouts of sustained composition . The quartet was composed at Annecy-le-Vieux , and in Paris and Divonne-les-Bains between September 1923 and September 1924 .
Throughout their career Fauré had composed for chamber forces . Their works by 1923 included two piano quartets , two piano quintets , a piano trio , two violin sonatas , two cello sonatas and numerous smaller-scale chamber pieces . They had , however , always declined to attempt a string quartet . Their pupil Maurice Ravel had dedicated their 1903 String Quartet to Fauré , and they and others urged Fauré to compose one of their own ; Fauré refused , calling the task too difficult for him . On 9 September 1923 they wrote from Annecy to their wife , who remained in Paris , `` I 've started a Quartet for strings , without piano . This is a genre which Beethoven in particular made famous , and causes all those who are not Beethoven to be terrified of it . '' They worked on the piece , on and off for a year , finishing it on 11 September 1924 , working long hours towards the end to complete it .
The first movement of the quartet to be completed was the central andante , which they wrote at Annecy between 9 and 13 September 1923 . The music critic Roger Nichols comments that the sober , meditative tone of the andante is reflected in the two other movements that Fauré wrote later . After returning to Paris , Fauré began work on the first movement , for which they reused two themes from an unfinished violin concerto that they had begun and abandoned in 1878 . They resumed work on the piece in the summer of the following year , first at Divonne-les-Bains and finally at Annecy , where they had begun work on it a year earlier . When the three movements were finished , they contemplated adding a separate scherzo , but decided against it , telling their wife , `` The quartet is completed , unless I decide to have a little fourth movement which might have a place between the first and the second . But since it is in no way a necessity I shall not tire myself by searching for it , at least not at the moment . ''
The quartet was premiered after Fauré 's death ; they declined an offer to have it performed privately for them in their last days , as their hearing had deteriorated to the point where musical sounds were horribly distorted in their ear .
Structure
1 . Allegro moderato
The first movement , in 2/2 time , is in sonata form . The opening theme , played by the viola , is answered by the first violin . The normal sonata pattern follows , with the viola 's original theme omitted from the recapitulation .
2 . Andante
The second movement , in 4/4 time , is in no discernible traditional form . The opening theme is reprised half-way through the movement , but otherwise the andante winds a contemplative course through meandering scales and occasional octave jumps . The dynamics constantly change , with crescendos or diminuendos in the majority of bars . The Fauré scholar Jean-Michel Nectoux has said of the movement , `` The Andante is one of the finest pieces of string quartet writing . From start to finish it bathes in a supernatural light . There is nothing that is not beautiful in this movement with its subtle variations of light-play , a sort of white upon white . ... The sublime music sinks out of sight , where it carries on , rather than seeming to come to an end '' .
3 . Allegro
Like the opening movement , the finale is in sonata form , and like the andante it is in 4/4 time . It combines the function of scherzo as well as finale . The cello introduces and develops the scherzo theme over a pizzicato accompaniment . The central development section , unusually long in relation to the rest of the movement , combines the themes heard at the beginning of the movement . The work ends in a jubilant E major conclusion .
Timings
In performance , string quartets have varied widely in their tempi for the work . Of recordings in the CD catalogues in 2011 , an example of a swift performance is that by the Amati Quartet , a 1993 performance on the Divox label , which plays for a total of 22 minutes and 18 seconds . Among the slower versions is that by the Medici Quartet ( Nimbus , 1989 ) which is nearly seven minutes longer , at 29:10 .
Notes and references
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Chamber music by Gabriel Fauré
Faure
1924 compositions
Compositions in E minor
Faure
Renuka Arun is a classical music singer and play back singer in Malayalam and Telugu . They are the Gulf-Andhra Music Award ( GAMA ) winner for the best playback singer in Telugu for the year 2017 .
Renuka is a veteran of Carnatic music circuit , with more than 550 concerts to their credit . They started their music lessons at the age of 4 . They gained instant popularity with the rendering of song 'Endaro ' in the Telugu movie Bhale Bhale Magadivoy
In addition to their Performances of Carnatic music and film playback singing , Renuka teaches music at a music school in Ernakulam . They are a regular columnist on music in Mathrubhumi newspaper
Early life & career
Renuka was born in Perumbavoor in Kerala . They work as an IT professional . Renuka conducted their first concert while in grade 7 . Renuka was a regular in fusion music scene in Kerala . They were also involved with Flamenco dancer Bettina 's group of fusion music . They have been learning music under the tutelage of Chandramana Narayanan Namboodiri for the last 30 years
Playback singer
Notable film songs
Renuka gained widespread accolades for the song Endaro and Sitha Kalayanam
Telugu songs
Malayalam songs
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Renuka Arun on m3db.com
Living people
Indian women playback singers
Women musicians from Kerala
1981 births
Singers from Kerala
Women Carnatic singers
Carnatic singers
21st-century Indian women singers
Eric Aldwin Bellinger Jr. ( born March 26 , 1984 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and record producer from Los Angeles . They began songwriting in 2010 , and their co-writing credits including `` Lem me See '' by Usher , `` New Flame '' by Chris Brown , `` You Do n't Know '' by Tank , `` Right Here '' by Justin Bieber , and `` Disrespectful '' by Trey Songz . In 2011 , Bellinger won a Grammy in the category of Best R & B Album for contribution to Chris Brown 's album F.A.M.E .. In 2014 , Bellinger renewed focus on their recording career and released their debut album , The Rebirth in February of that year . They then released two extended plays with 300 Entertainment , Eric B for President : Term 1 in 2016 , and Eric B for President : Term 2 in 2017 .
Early life
Bellinger grew up in Los Angeles , California , but attended schools in the Norwalk/Santa Fe Springs area , where they met their future manager Nieman Johnson , the grandson of Jackson 5 songwriter Bobby Day .
Career
The Writing Camp and early career
Bellinger had earned a football scholarship to University of Southern California , but rejected the offer to record and tour with R & B group AKNU . The group was signed to Epic Records by executives Max Gousse and Tommy Mottola , and in 2010 they were invited to work with songwriting collective The Writing Camp by childhood friend and mentor Erika Nuri . Bellinger first co-wrote for pop acts such as Selena Gomez and the Scene , Jacob Latimore , and Big Time Rush , until 2012 when they contributed to the song `` Death Penalty '' on Los Angeles rapper The Game 's mixtape California Republic . Bellinger 's connection with The Game led to them writing and featuring on several songs off The Game 's album The Documentary 2 , for which they received greater recognition and signed a publishing deal with Sony ATV . However , complications with Bellinger 's songwriting catalogue caused them to leave Sony ATV to sign with publisher BMI .
Solo career and The Rebirth
In 2013 , Bellinger released a three-part series of mixtapes : Born II Sing Vol . 1 , Born II Sing Vol . 2 , and Born II Sing Vol . 3 . Bellinger released their debut studio album , The Rebirth , on May 17 , 2014 , as a double album . The Rebirth peaked at 23 on the US R & B/Hip Hop charts , and 15 on the US R & B chart , and also entered the Heatseakers Albums chart .
Bellinger followed The Rebirth with the studio albums , Cuffing Season and Cuffing Season , Part 2 , which released in July 2015 and December 2015 , respectively . Cuffing Season peaked at 6 on the US R & B chart , while Cuffing Season , Part 2 peaked at 23 .
Bellinger released two mixtapes in the spring of 2016 , Choose Up Season and Eventually . Choose Up Season featured the song `` Valet '' featuring Fetty Wap and 2 Chainz .
Between 2016 and 2017 , Bellinger released three extended plays as part of the Eric B. for President series , the title referencing the Eric B & Rakim song `` Eric B . Is President '' . The Eric B. for President series featured two full-instrumental extended plays : Eric B for President : Term 1 , released on September 9 , 2016 , an acoustic remake of the EP titled Term 1 , titled Eric B for President : Term 1 ( Acoustic ) , released on January 20 , 2017 , and Eric B for President : Term 2 , released on March 10 , 2017 . G.O.A.T . ( combiner two version ) and Drive By Certifications Gold from RIAA .
On April 6 , 2018 , Bellinger released the album Eazy Call . One month later , while on their Eazy Call Tour , Bellinger released a 5-track EP , Meditation Music , to commemorate National Meditation Day ( May 21 ) . This project was inspired by yoga and meditation which they claimed changed their lives for the better . The 5 tracks ( `` Meditate '' , `` Frequency '' ( ft. Blaq Tuxedo ) , `` Chakras '' , `` Hours '' and `` Massage '' ) were later joined into a single 20min track titled after the EP name , Meditation Music .
On September 10 , 2021 , Bellinger released New Light , the album which earned them their first Grammy nomination as an artist : Best Progressive R & B Album . In May 2022 , Bellinger announced their publishing deal with Roc Nation . It was also announced that they perform the theme song of the Sesame Street spinoff series Mecha Builders , alongside Shanice .
Awards
As a songwriter
In 2011 , Bellinger won a Grammy in the category of Best R & B Album for their work on F.A.M.E . by Chris Brown ( he wrote `` She Is n't You '' and Say It with Me '' ) .
As a songwriter , they were nominated three other times for a Grammy : two nominations for Best Urban Contemporary Album ( Fortunate and X by Chris Brown ) and one nomination for Best R & B Song ( for `` New Flame '' from X by Chris Brown ) .
In 2013 , Bellinger co-wrote `` Lem me See '' by Usher , which was named an ASCAP Award Winning R & B/Hip-Hop Song .
As an artist
As an artist , Bellinger 's album `` New Light '' ( 2021 ) received a nomination for Best Progressive R & B Album at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards .
Personal life
Bellinger married La'Myia Good on January 1 , 2015 . Bellinger and Good met in the early 2000s in Los Angeles , where both were working on music with the same manager before losing contact for a few years , they re-connected later . Bellinger and Good have 2 sons , Elysha and Eazy Bellinger . Bellinger is the brother-in-law of Meagan Good .
Discography
Studio albums
Collaborative albums
Extended plays
Mixtapes
Singles
`` I Do n't Want Her '' ( 2014 )
`` Valet '' ( 2015 )
`` Type a Way '' ( 2019 )
`` Moist '' ( 2019 )
`` Only You '' ( 2021 )
`` Hit Eazy '' ( 2021 )
Songwriting credits
Guest appearances
2011
`` Whatever '' ( with Ashlyne Huff on Let It Out )
2013
`` Do n't Wan na Fall In Love '' ( with Lil Rob on `` Do n't Wan na Fall In Love '' single )
2016
`` Stay Away '' ( with E-40 on The D-Boy Diary : Book 1 )
2017
`` Welcome to My City '' ( with Ai & Junior Reid on Wa to Yo )
2020 :
`` How I Feel '' ( with T.I . and Killer Mike on The L.I.B.R.A . )
2021 :
`` Over the Moon '' ( with Oso )
`` Bet '' ( with Kristinia DeBarge )
`` Filet Mignon '' ( with Jim Jones )
`` Single & Happy '' ( with Kash Doll & Wale )
`` World Is One '' ( with Chuu and Kim Yo-han )
`` Energy '' ( with VEDO on 1320 )
`` On My Way '' ( with DJ Era , O.T . Genasis & AD )
Notes
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
African-American record producers
Record producers from California
African-American male singer-songwriters
Singer-songwriters from California
Grammy Award winners
American hip hop singers
American pop musicians
21st-century African-American male singers
The Florianópolis Challenger is a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts . It is currently part of the ATP Challenger Tour . It is held in Florianópolis , Brazil .
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
References
ATP Challenger Tour
Clay court tennis tournaments
Tennis tournaments in Brazil
Recurring sporting events established in 2021
Kowloon Restaurant is a pan-Asian restaurant in Saugus , Massachusetts . The restaurant serves a range of Cantonese , Szechuan , Japanese , Polynesian , and Thai dishes in several themed dining rooms and lounges . Kowloon was called one of the best Chinese restaurants in New England by Boston television station WHDH in 2004 .
Visiting the restaurant is a tradition for many New England families on birthdays and anniversaries . It is also considered a top destination for fans of tiki culture and has been a stop on organized tours . The restaurant has been owned through three generations of the same family .
Attributes
Kowloon Restaurant is in Saugus , Massachusetts , a short distance north of Boston . It is a landmark along U.S. Route 1 . The property spans .
The restaurant exterior includes a tiki statue above its entrance . The first floor holds a bar , while the second has a showroom stage where Jerry Seinfeld , Frankie Avalon and Phyllis Diller have performed . Comedian and actor Dane Cook is a noted fan , and stated that they have performed there several hundred times .
The restaurant has about 1,200 seats in total . Themed areas include a lagoon , tiki-hut-shaped booths , and a fake ship deck .
History
The Mandarin House restaurant opened August 22 , 1950 , in a converted ice cream parlor on the Newburyport Turnpike with a menu of a few dozen Chinese and American dishes . The dining room could hold 40-50 customers . In 1958 Madeline and William Wong bought out the first-generation owners and began the second generation of family ownership of the restaurant . They changed the name to Kowloon Restaurant and Cocktail Lounge and began to grow the business .
In the next 50 years , the family added five additions to the original building and increased the capacity to accommodate 1,200 customers . Diners can choose from a number of themed dining rooms including the Volcano Bay Room , the Tiki Lagoon , the Mandarin Room , the Thai Grille , or the Hong Kong Lounge . Private events and a comedy club use the Luau Room .
The menu has grown as the restaurant has added new dishes to keep up with the evolving American palate . First Polynesian dishes , then Chinese when Joyce Chen became popular , more Chinese when Nixon went to China , even more Chinese when Szechuan became popular , then Thai , and then Japanese and sushi . Guests now choose from a menu of nearly 300 items .
In 2001 the Wongs were inducted into the Hospitality Hall of Fame by the Massachusetts Restaurant Association . The restaurant has also been nominated for addition to the Inventory of Cultural and Historical Resources by the Saugus Historical Commission . Bill Wong died in 2011 at the age of 88 .
The third generation of the Wong family continues to run the business . The restaurant is reported to bring in over $ 8 million per year as the top-grossing Chinese restaurant in the United States . The current owner is Massachusetts state representative Donald Wong and five siblings .
During the COVID-19 pandemic , the restaurant shut its indoor dining room and furloughed some workers . Kowloon built outdoor dining spaces to seat hundreds of people and increased its takeout business . The restaurant also added a drive-in movie theater .
In 2021 , it was reported that amid difficulty in the restaurant industry , the Wong family 's next generation will not be involved in Kowloon 's operation . The family presented a preliminary plan for a residential subdivision on the site , which would involve tearing down the restaurant . The family anticipates the restaurant 's closure in the future , potentially as soon as two to three years . A smaller version of Kowloon is likely on the property .
References
External links
1950 establishments in Massachusetts
Tiki bars
American Chinese cuisine
Asian-American culture in Massachusetts
Japanese-American cuisine
Restaurants established in 1950
Buildings and structures in Saugus , Massachusetts
Restaurants in Massachusetts
Tourist attractions in Essex County , Massachusetts
Southwest Maluku Regency ( ) is a regency of Maluku Province , Indonesia . It comprises a number of islands and island groups in the south of the province , including ( running from west to east ) Lirang Island , Wetar Island ( with almost half of the total land area of the regency ) , Kisar Island , Romang Island , the Letti Islands , the Damer Islands , Mdona Hyera ( formerly called the Sermata Islands ) and the Babar Islands . The administrative centre lies at Tiakur on Moa Island ( in the Letti Islands ) , but the largest town is Wonreli ( on Kisar Island ) .
Administrative Districts
As at 2010 the Southwest Maluku Regency was administratively composed of eight districts ( kecamatan ) . But by 2015 the number of districts had increased to seventeen by the splitting of existing districts ; Pulau Pulau Wetar ( the Wetar Islands ) has been divided into four districts - Wetar , Wetar Barat ( West Wetar ) , Wetar Timur ( East Wetar ) and Wetar Utara ( North Wetar ) ; the other six newly created districts are Dawelor Dawera and Pulau Masela ( Masela Island ) formed from parts of Babar Timur District , Kepulauan Romang ( Romang Islands ) and Kisar Utara ( North Kisar ) formed from parts of Pulau Pulau Terselatan District , Pulau Lakor ( Lakor Island ) formed from part of Moa Lakor District , and Pulau Wetang ( Wetang Island ) formed from part of Pulau Pulau Babar District .
The districts are formally grouped into three archipelagoes - the Terselatan Group ( including Wetar , as well as Kisar and Romang Islands ) , the Lemola Group ( Letti , Moa and Lakor ) and the Babar Group ( including the Damer and Sermata Islands ) . The areas ( in km2 ) and the populations at the 2010 census and 2020 census , together with the official estimates as at mid 2021 , are listed below . The table also includes the number of administrative villages ( rural desa and urban kelurahan ) in each district , and its post code .
Notes : ( a ) the 2010 populations for the four districts which comprised Pulau Pulau Wetar District are listed under the first district . ( b ) the 2010 populations of Kisar Utara and Kepulauan Romang Districts are included under the figure for Pulau Pulau Terselatan District , from which they were split off . ( c ) the 2010 population of Lakor District is included in the figure for Moa Lakor District , from which it was split off . ( d ) the 2010 population of Pulau Wetang District is included in the figure for Pulau Pulau Babar District , from which it was split off . ( e ) the 2010 populations of Pulau Masela and Daweloor Dawera Districts are included under the figure for Babar Timur District , from which they were split off .
References
External links
Regencies of Maluku ( province )
The Newark Targum is a weekly student newspaper published by the TargumPublishing Company for the student population of the Newark campus of Rutgers University . It is a weekly paper , with a circulation of 5,000 copies , printed each Wednesday during the academic year . It exists as a bi-fold tabloid-sized newspaper , similar to the Daily Targum the daily newspaper at Rutgers University published since 1869 on the university 's main campus in New Brunswick , New Jersey .
The content of The Newark Targum is generated largely by student editors and reporters based at the Rutgers–Newark campus and at Rutgers ' main campus in New Brunswick . Some content is shared between The Newark Targum and the Daily Targum , especially with regards to issues relevant to the university community . The Newark Targum also prints content from The Associated Press , most notably on page 2 in the World Briefs column and occasionally in the sports section .
History
The first issue of The Newark Targum was printed on February 15 , 2006 . Mid-fall semester 2005 an e-mail was sent to business manager Brad Whitson asking for The Daily Targum to be delivered to the Rutgers–Newark campus . From that e-mail a discussion between Whitson and editor-in-chief Nick Sevilis ensued , first focused on the logistics of transporting the daily paper to Newark from New Brunswick , and ending with a discussion of the logistics of creating a second newspaper with Rutgers–Newark as its main focus . Though little stock was placed in such a grand plan by either person , planning moved ahead swiftly as little resistance was met in the form of financial constraints by the printing and delivery companies . Promising too was the positive reaction from Rutgers–Newark students and administration . With a tentative budget set , the four student executives went to the company 's Board of Trustees , which approved a test run of four issues . The paper received approval to continue printing until the end of the Fall 2006 semester , when it was discontinued .
See also
Rutgers University
Rutgers University student organizations
External links
The Daily Targum
Rutgers University
Rutgers University–Newark
Publications established in 2006
Student newspapers published in New Jersey
Mass media in Newark , New Jersey
Rutgers University publications
Paul Pry ( 1825 ) , a farce in three acts , was the most notable play written by 19th-century English playwright John Poole . It premiered in London on 13 September 1825 at the Haymarket Theatre and ran 114 performances . The play continued to be popular until the early 1870s .
Synopsis
The storyline is centered on a comical , idle , meddlesome and mischievous fellow consumed with curiosity . Unable to mind their own business , he 's an interfering busybody who conveniently leaves behind an umbrella everywhere they go in order to have an excuse to return and eavesdrop . At the end , however , Pry becomes a hero for rescuing papers from a well that incriminate more serious troublemakers . Cherry Ripe , the 17th-century English folk song to words by the English poet Robert Herrick , is adapted into the play .
Analysis
Rumors abounded that the Pry character was based on the eccentric Thomas ( `` Tommy '' ) Hill , editor of the Dramatic Mirror , who took daily walks with Poole at Kensington Gardens . However , Poole was quoted in magazines as saying ,
`` The idea was really suggested by an old invalid lady who lived in a very narrow street , and who amused themselves by speculating on the neighbors , and identifying them , as it were , by the sound of the knocks they gave ... It was not drawn from an individual , but from a class . I could mention five or six persons who were contributors to the original play . ''
Productions
In the original 1825 London production , Madame Vestris sang `` Cherry Ripe '' , and John Liston portrayed the title character . Their costume included striped pants , Hessian boots , top hat , and tailcoat . Liston 's portrayal was so popular that images of Liston as Pry appeared on signs , shops , warehouses , handkerchiefs , and snuff boxes . Porcelain and pearlware factories in Staffordshire , Rockingham , Derby and Worcestershire produced figurines of Liston as Pry . The Liston as Pry image was even stamped on butter .
The following year , in 1826 , the play was produced in New York City at the Park Theatre , featuring Thomas Hilson . It was first produced in Australia in October 1835 at the Theatre Royal in Sydney , when Joseph Simmons took the title role .
It returned to London 's Adelphi Theatre , for the 1851–52 season , featuring Edward Richard Wright and Sarah Woolgar , receiving extensive , positive press comment .
References
External links
Text , scanned text of 1827 edition at Hathi Trust Digital Library ,
Paul Pry , definition at Dictionary of American Regional English , p. 59
Etching , 1827/28 , Paul Pry as humanly dressed monkey
Comic song based on the character of Paul Pry ; from The Universal Songster ( 1826 ) , Vol.3 , p.97
1825 plays
English plays
Comedy plays
Citroën India is a subsidiary of Stellantis of France , as a joint-venture with CK Birla Group , for the manufacture and sales of Citroën in India . Citroën entered the Indian market in 2021 . Citroën vehicles will be manufactured at CK Birla Group 's production facilities in Tamil Nadu .
History
This is the third attempt by Groupe PSA to enter the Indian market . During the presentation of FY18 results of Groupe PSA , the chairperson confirmed that Citroën was the chosen brand to enter the Indian markets .
Groupe PSA had signed two joint ventures with companies of India 's CK Birla Group for vehicle assembly , distribution and powertrain manufacturing of its cars in the country . The French carmaker was initially supposed to enter the Indian market in 2020 . However , the plan was delayed amidst the COVID-19 pandemic and the subsequent lockdown .
Prior to launching the India-spec C5 Aircross SUV , Citroën India 's research revealed that comfort is critical criteria for new car buyers in India . Production of the C5 Aircross had started in January 2021 at the Tiruvallur plant in Tamil Nadu . Groupe PSA has made an investment of around Rs.2500 crore to enter the Indian market .
Products
Citroën India is developing several models specifically for the Indian market , including EVs , releasing in 2021–2022 . The C5 Aircross unveiled on 1 February 2021 and launched on 7 April 2021 in two variants : Feel and Shine , with single and dual tone interiors , equipped with a 2.0-litre diesel engine . According to reports , subsequent cars will not support a diesel engine .
Citroën India revealed the C3 in September 2021 ahead of its India launch in the first half of 2022 . The C3 is the first of three models under Citroën 's C-cubed program , and has been specifically developed for emerging markets like India and South America . The C3 will be locally manufactured here in India with more than 90 percent localisation .
Current models
References
Citroën
Automotive companies of India
Indian companies established in 2019
2019 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Automotive companies established in 2019
Manufacturing companies based in Chennai
Indian subsidiaries of foreign companies
The 1984 U.S . Figure Skating Championships took place in Salt Lake City , Utah . Medals were awarded in three colors : gold ( first ) , silver ( second ) , and bronze ( third ) in four disciplines – men 's singles , ladies ' singles , pair skating , and ice dancing – across three levels : senior , junior , and novice .
The event determined the U.S. teams for the 1984 Winter Olympics and 1984 World Championships .
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Novice results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
External links
http : //sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1121677/index.htm
1984 UNITED STATES FIGURE SKATING CHAMPIONSHIPS
U.S . Figure Skating Championships
United States Figure Skating Championships , 1984
United States Figure Skating Championships , 1984
January 1984 sports events in the United States
U.S . Figure Skating
Sitili Tupouniua ( born 30 May 1997 ) is a Tonga international rugby league footballer who plays as a forward for the Sydney Roosters in the NRL .
Background
Tupouniua was born in Auckland , New Zealand , and is of Tongan descent .
Tupouniua played their junior rugby league for the Marist Saints . They played in the Sydney Roosters ' Holden Cup side from 2016-2017 . Tupouniua playing from the bench in the Sydney Roosters ' 2016 Holden Cup premiership winning team .
Playing career
2018
Tupouniua made their first grade debut for the Sydney Roosters in round 16 of the 2018 NRL season against the Melbourne Storm at Adelaide Oval .
2019
Tupouniua scored their first try in the top grade against Canterbury-Bankstown in round 14 of the 2019 NRL season at the Sydney Cricket Ground .
Tupouniua featured for North Sydney , the Sydney Roosters feeder club in the 2019 Canterbury Cup NSW finals series . Tupouniua scored 2 tries in North Sydney 's elimination final defeat by Newtown at Leichhardt Oval .
2020
Tupouniua scored their first try of the 2020 NRL season in round 9 as the Sydney Roosters defeated North Queensland 42–16 at Queensland Country Bank Stadium .
In round 16 of the 2020 NRL season , they scored two tries for the Roosters in a 58–12 victory over Brisbane at the Sydney Cricket Ground .
They made a total of 20 appearances in the 2020 NRL season as the Sydney Roosters reached the finals but were eliminated by Canberra ending their quest for a third straight premiership .
In December 2020 , they signed a contract extension keeping them with the Sydney Roosters until the end of the 2024 season .
2021
In round 10 of the 2021 NRL season , they were sent to the sin bin for an illegal high tackle during the club 's 30-16 victory over North Queensland .
In round 12 of the 2021 NRL season , they scored two tries in a 44-16 victory over Canberra .
In round 19 , they scored two tries during the club 's victory over Newcastle .
In round 24 , they were sent to the sin bin during the club 's 54-12 loss against arch-rivals South Sydney .
They played a total of 24 games for the Sydney Roosters in the 2021 NRL season including the club 's two finals matches . The Sydney Roosters were eliminated from the second week of the finals losing to Manly 42-6 .
2022
In round 18 of the 2022 NRL season , Tupouniua was taken from the field during the Sydney Roosters 54-26 victory over St. George Illawarra with a knee injury .
It was later announced that Tupounia would miss the remainder of the 2022 NRL season with an ACL injury .
References
External links
Roosters profile
1997 births
Living people
New Zealand people of Tongan descent
New Zealand rugby league players
North Sydney Bears NSW Cup players
Rugby league second-rows
Sydney Roosters players
Tonga national rugby league team players
Rugby league players from Auckland
Internet calendar may refer to :
the iCalendar file format
Swatch Internet Time
Elisabetta Ripani ( born 30 March 1986 ) is an Italian politician who has served as a Deputy since 23 March 2018 .
References
1986 births
21st-century Italian women politicians
Politicians from Grosseto
Forza Italia ( 2013 ) politicians
Deputies of Legislature XVIII of Italy
Living people
The Nueva Esparta-class destroyers were a class of destroyers used by the navy of Venezuela . The lead ship was named after Nueva Esparta ( Spanish for `` New Sparta '' ) , one of the states of Venezuela .
These ships were ordered in 1950 , and were built by the Vickers-Armstrongs shipyards in Barrow-in-Furness between 1951 and 1954 .
History
The ships were designed by Vickers-Armstrong shipyards in the 1950s for the Venezuela naval forces . The design has been identified as a derivative of the Batch 3 Battle-class destroyers built for the United Kingdom and Australia , according to information released by the International Naval Research Organization and several independent researchers in 2006 .
They were to form part of a fleet that included a 25,000 ton aircraft carrier and a .
The fleet arrangement for 30/04/1949 covers :
1 ( 25,000-ton ) aircraft carrier ( conceptual engineering )
1 ( 8,000-ton ) cruiser ( detailed engineering )
3 Nueva Esparta-class destroyers ( built )
6 Alimirante Celemente-class destroyer escorts ( built )
4 submarines ( 1 used from US Navy )
12 patrol boats ( detailed engineering )
2 minesweepers ( basic engineering )
1 marine assault ship ( built )
The names assigned to these ships were associated with states in Venezuela .
Nueva Esparta refers to bravery and loyalty .
Zulia to remember the Battle of Lake Maracaibo in the Venezuelan War of Independence and the huge contribution of this state to that conflict .
Aragua because this state is the military heart of Venezuela , and as homage to the La Victoria battle remembered on `` Youth Day '' .
Ships
Sensors and EW
Armament
Magazines
Communications and datalinks
Sensor signatures
Service
One ship was assigned to each destroyer division along with two Almirante Clemente-class destroyers ; Nueva Esparta went to the first division , Zulia to the second and Aragua to the third .
References
Bibliography
External links
http : //www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/venezuela/navy-history.htm A brief history about this ships
pictures
https : //web.archive.org/web/20181005072516/http : //www.ussmullinnix.org/1962Cruise.html
https : //web.archive.org/web/20080217155523/http : //www.navyphotos.co.uk/index12.htm
list of Venezuelan Navy ships
Destroyer classes
The Christine Rose is a self-propelled barge excavator dredge used to mine Bering Sea placer gold deposits in the region around Nome , Alaska , USA . It is owned by Pomrenke Mining and its registered home port is Nome , Alaska , USA . The Christine Rose is featured in the Discovery Channel USA mining reality TV show Bering Sea Gold .
Specifications
Vessel 175265
Launch date : 1941
Length :
Width :
Depth :
Net tonnage :
Gross tonnage :
References
External links
Boat Database ( boatdb.net ) Nome , AK port boats
See also
Myrtle Irene
Tuvli 160
AU Grabber
Viking Dredge 1
Viking Dredge 2
Bima ( dredge )
Bering Sea Gold
Ships of the United States
Dredgers
Elizabeth Douglas may refer to :
Elizabeth Douglas , Countess of Erroll ( fl . 1590–1631 ) , Scottish aristocrat and poet
Elizabeth Douglas-Hamilton , Duchess of Hamilton ( 1916–2008 ) , British noble
Elizabeth Douglas-Home ( 1909–1990 ) , spouse of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1963 to 1964
Elizabeth Douglas Van Buren ( 1881–1961 ) , British archaeologist
Elizabeth Varley ( 1909–2002 ) , born Elizabeth Susan Douglas-Scott-Montagu , English actor and writer
Caspar Schütz ( c. 1540 – 16 September 1594 ) was a German historian .
Schütz was born in Eisleben . As professor of poetry at the University of Königsberg from 1562 to 1565 , they developed interest in the history of Prussia . They then became the historian of the city of Danzig ( Gdansk ) and collected old writings and records . Their main work , published in 1592 in Zerbst , was the Historia Rerum Prussicarum or `` wahrhafte Beschreibung der Lande Preussen in 10 Büchern vom Anfange bis auf das Jahr 1525 '' . They died in Danzig .
Later , others resumed the work they began , covering also later periods , like in the 1720s , Gottfried Lengnich .
References
James B Collins , Karen L Taylor : Early Modern Europe Issues and Interpretations , 2006 ,
Caspari Schützii Rerum Prussicarum historia ex codice manu auctoris scripto edita
ostdeutsche-biographie.de
Heinz Lingenberg ,
Heribert Maria Nobis et al . : Nicolaus Copernicus Gesamtausgabe ,
1540 births
1594 deaths
16th-century German historians
People from the Kingdom of Prussia
Writers from Gdańsk
German male non-fiction writers
Cape Ryugu ( ) is a rocky cape 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) northeast of Rakuda Rock on the coast of Queen Maud Land in Antarctica . Mapped from surveys and air photos by Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition ( JARE ) , 1957–62 , and named Ryugu-misaki ( cape of the dragon 's palace ) .
Headlands of Queen Maud Land
Prince Olav Coast
Harold Newton ( September 14 , 1933 – January 2 , 2014 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats , Calgary Stampeders and Toronto Argonauts . They won the Grey Cup with Hamilton in 1957 . They died at the age of 80 in 2014 .
References
1933 births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Calgary Stampeders players
Toronto Argonauts players
2014 deaths
Anarchism : From Theory to Practice is a book by Daniel Guérin noted as a `` definitional tract in the 'ABCs ' of anarchism '' . First published in French in 1965 , the 1970 English translation is Guérin 's best-known work , describing the intellectual substance and actual practice of anarchism . The English translation by Mary Klopper includes a foreword by Noam Chomsky , who describes it as an attempt `` to extract from the history of libertarian thought a living , evolving tradition '' .
References
External links
Anarchism : From Theory to Practice via Libcom
Anarchism : From Theory to Practice via Anarchist Library
Anarchism : From Theory To Practice via Revolt Library
1965 non-fiction books
Books about anarchism
French non-fiction books
Redirects to Wiktionary
Citizens Bank Financial Center is an architectural landmark in downtown Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania . It was designed by the architect D.H. Burnham and completed in 1911 . An illuminated sign has sat atop the building since 1912 .
Description
Building architecture
The building is 13 stories high ( the top story was added in 1926 ) and rises to a height of . It was built as the headquarters for the Miner 's National Bank but over the years has had a number of owners , including the United Penn Bank and Mellon Bank . The building features a recess , giving it an `` H '' shape . Atop the second floor , a sculpture of a nesting eagle and a flag pole can be seen from the Franklin Street side of the building . A frieze at the top of the building is decorated with lion heads and a number of interesting embellishments can be seen climbing the facade .
Signage
In 1912 , an illuminated sign was placed atop the building by the Miners National Bank . The building 's subsequent owners have allowed the sign to remain , and to this day the green Citizens Bank sign sits at more than above street level . In 2013 , Citizens Bank moved from the building after more than a decade , and while the building now houses offices and apartments , the Citizens Bank sign remains .
References
Buildings and structures in Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania
Burnham and Root buildings
Residential skyscrapers in Pennsylvania
Skyscraper office buildings in Pennsylvania
Skyscrapers in Pennsylvania
Office buildings completed in 1911
Emma K. Willits ( 20 September 1869 – 9 April 1965 ) was a pioneering woman physician and surgeon who played an important role in the development of Children 's Hospital in San Francisco ( now the California campus [ Women and Children 's Center ] of the California Pacific Medical Center ) , serving as the head of the Department of General Surgery from 1921 to 1934 .
They are believed to be the third woman to specialize in surgery in the United States .
Biography
Willits was born in Macedon , New York . They were educated at Quaker schools . In 1892 they moved to Chicago to enroll in the Women 's Medical College of Chicago , then affiliated with ( and later absorbed by ) Northwestern University . After receiving their medical degree in 1896 , Willits served their internship at the Women 's Hospital of Chicago .
In 1897 , Willits moved to San Francisco as a resident at the Children 's Hospital ( for Women and Children ) . When they completed their residency in 1900 , they opened their own private practice but maintained their affiliation with Children 's . They were initially a member of the surgical staff of the Department of Pediatrics , and later became chief of the Department of Surgical Diseases of Children . In 1921 they became the chair of the Department of General Surgery , a position they held until 1934 . They are believed to be the first woman in the United States to head a surgery department . To add to their knowledge , they visited the Mayo Clinic several times over the course of their career ; in 1923 they spent several months studying in Vienna . After stepping down from the chair position in 1934 , they served as a consulting physician and surgeon .
During and after the time they held these hospital positions , Willits also maintained their private practice as a family doctor , retiring in 1941 .
Willits ' house in Palo Alto , constructed in 1926-27 , was designed by architect Lionel H. Pries .
Willits was lesbian and throughout their adult life lived with their partner , Elizabeth Ristine .
Willits lived quietly in San Francisco until their death at age 95 .
References
Further reading
Edwards , Muriel , M.D. , `` Emma K. Willits , '' Journal of the American Medical Women 's Association , 5/1 ( January 1950 ) : 42-43 .
`` Children 's Hospital will Honor Dr. Emma Willits , '' San Francisco Chronicle , 13 January 1941 , page 7 .
`` Dr. Emma Willits Dies at 95 , '' San Francisco Chronicle , 11 April 1965 , page 22 ( obituary )
`` Dr. Willit [ sic ] Woman Surgeon , '' San Francisco Examiner , 10 April 1965 , page 50 ( obituary )
1869 births
1965 deaths
American women physicians
American surgeons
Physicians from New York ( state )
LGBT people from New York ( state )
Healthcare in the San Francisco Bay Area
People from Macedon , New York
LGBT physicians
The AMD 900 chipset series is identical to the AMD 800 chipset series except for the fact that it is only found on Socket AM3+ mainboards , whereas its predecessor is only found on Socket AM3 mainboards . It was released in 2011 .
This allows consumers to easily identify the Socket through the chipset name . Socket AM3+ supports solely Bulldozer ( microarchitecture ) -based FX-processors .
In support of AM3+ CPUs , AMD has validated the 9-Series chipset for use with HyperTransport 3.1 ( up to 6.4GT/s ) . They also worked with NVIDIA to bring SLI support to this chipset series . AMD OverDrive is supported for simplified overclocking .
Lineup
Common features of all chipsets in the 9xx series :
Supports AM3+ and AM3 processors
PCI Express 2.0
IOMMU 1.26
SATA 6 Gbit/s with Trim support
Up to 14 USB 2.0
990FX
Codenamed RD990
Four physical PCIe 2.0 ×16 slots @ x8 electrical which can be combined to create two PCIe 2.0×16 slots @ x16 electrical , six PCIe 2.0×1 lanes in various combinations of 1x 2x or 4x slots , and an additional PCIe 2.0x4 slot that does not exist on the 990x or 970 the chipset provides a total of 42 PCIe 2.0 lanes and 4 PCIe 2.0 for A-Link Express III solely in the Northbridge
HyperTransport 3.0 up to 2600 MHz and PCI Express 2.0
ATI CrossFireX supporting up to four graphics cards
19.6 Watt TDP
Southbridge : SB950
Enthusiast discrete multi-graphics segment
990X
Codenamed RD980
One physical PCIe 2.0×16 slot or two physical PCIe 2.0×16 slots @ ×8 , one PCIe 2.0×4 slot and two PCIe 2.0×1 slots , the chipset provides a total of 22 PCIe 2.0 lanes and 4 PCIe 2.0 for A-Link Express III solely in the Northbridge
HyperTransport 3.0 up to 2600 MHz and PCI Express 2.0
Support for up to two graphics cards
14 Watt TDP
Southbridge : SB950
980G
( Identical to 880G )
Codenamed RS880
Single AMD processor configuration
One physical PCIe 2.0 ×16 slot , one PCIe 2.0 ×4 slot and two PCIe 2.0 ×1 slots , the chipset provides a total of 22 PCIe 2.0 lanes and 4 PCIe 2.0 for A-Link Express III solely in the Northbridge
Integrated graphics : Radeon HD 4250
Side-port memory as local framebuffer , supporting DDR3 modules up to DDR3-1333 .
ATI PowerPlay 7.0 technology
HyperTransport 3.0 and PCI Express 2.0
ATI CrossFire
Hybrid CrossFireX
AMD 970
Codenamed RX980
One physical PCIe 2.0 ×16 slot , one PCIe 2.0 ×4 slot and two PCIe 2.0 ×1 slots , the chipset provides a total of 22 PCIe 2.0 lanes and 4 PCIe 2.0 for A-Link Express III solely in the Northbridge
HyperTransport 3.0 up to 4800 MT/s and PCI Express 2.0
13.6 Watt TDP
Southbridge : SB950/SB920
Southbridge
The SB950 is the companion southbridge that provides I/O support . It provides the following additional capabilities :
RAID 0 , 1 , 10 , 5 support
Southbridge issues ( SB9x0 )
Linux platform :
HPET operation with MSI causes LPC DMA corruption on devices using LPC DMA ( floppy , parallel port , serial port in FIR mode ) because MSI requests are misinterpreted as DMA cycles by the broken LPC controller
Enabling multiple MSI vectors for the SATA controller when three or more SATA ports are used results in loss of interrupts and system hang .
See also
Comparison of AMD Chipsets
References
External links
AMD 9-Series Chipset
Advanced Micro Devices chipsets
Kote ( Constantine ) Makharadze ( 1926-2002 ) was a Georgian actor and sports commentator .
Makharadze graduated from Tbilisi Choreography School in 1941 and the Shota Rustaveli State Theater Institute in 1948 and began working at the Rustaveli Theatre . They performed roles in various plays , including Hamlet , Bakhtrioni , Simghera Shevardenze , etc . In 1970 , they joined the Marjanishvili Theater , where they performed in Mosamartle , Kvachi Kvachantiradze , Schiller 's Don Carlos and other productions . They earned the title of the Honored Artist of the Georgian SSR in 1958 and of the People Artist of the Georgian SSR in 1966 .
Makharadze is best remembered for their career as a sports commentator whose passionate commentating fascinated audiences for decades . They began their sports career as a basketball player and led the junior national team of Georgian SSR to the USSR Championship in 1945 . They became a sports commentator in 1957 , covering soccer matches on Georgian television and radio . Two years later , they started commenting on central Soviet state television and radio and traveled abroad with the Soviet Union 's national soccer team . They continued to work for the next four decades covering all major sports matches and Olympic games of this period , including Dinamo Tbilisi 's historic wins of the USSR cup in 1964 and of the European Cup Winners ' Cup in 1981 .
References
External links
Kote Makharadze on Variety
Soviet male stage actors
Male stage actors from Georgia ( country )
1926 births
Burials at Didube Pantheon
Sports commentators from Georgia ( country )
2002 deaths
Association football commentators
Showtek is a Dutch electronic dance music duo consisting of two brothers from Eindhoven , Sjoerd ( born 6 April 1984 ) and Wouter Janssen ( born 20 August 1982 ) . The duo regularly manages to reach the top of multiple music charts and work with artists such as Tiësto , Chris Brown and David Guetta . Showtek was ranked 17th in the Top 100 DJs list of 2014 but by the magazine 's 2016 list , they had dropped to 96th . The brothers , who have been musically active since 2001 , also offer podcasts on their own radio show on the music streaming service iTunes .
Biography
The brothers Wouter Janssen ( ) and Sjoerd Janssen ( ) began their musical career in electronic music , specifically in techno music in 2001 and subsequently moved to hardstyle in 2003 . At that time , Wouter usually produced hard trance under the stage name of Walt , and Sjoerd hardstyle as Duro . They released their first album , Today Is Tomorrow in 2007 under their independent label Dutch Master Works . The album was well received in the Dutch music charts , reaching 68th place , and received a score of 95/100 on Partyflock . In 2009 , their second album , Analogue Players in a Digital World , was unveiled at the Amsterdam Dance Event in the Netherlands and circulated by the Central Station Records . The album was well received by the press , which also allows them access to rewards . The duo uses multiple aliases including but not limited to ; Dutch Masters , Headliner , Lowrider , Unibass , DJ Duro , Walt , Walt Janssen , Mr. Puta , Boys Will Be Boys and Alan Misael .
In 2011 , the group collaborated on the album Kiss from the Past by Allure , one of the musical projects of Dutch producer Tiësto . In 2012 , they collaborated with Tiësto again on the singles `` Miami / Chasing Summers '' included in the album Club Life : Volume Two Miami , and on a single titled `` Hell Yeah ! '' . In 2012 , the Showtek brothers began a series of collaborations , a project called Crazy Collabs , with producers from some of the other genres in dance music . Before the official announcement of their collaboration , they co-produced an EP with Tiësto and Angger Dimas entitled `` We Rock '' as Boys Will Be Boys . They have also worked with Tiësto , Hardwell , Justin Prime , Bassjackers , Ookay , MAKJ , and Noisecontrollers . Showtek also co-produced the upcoming single of Chris Brown entitled Nobody 's Perfect with Lukas Hilbert and David Jost . Showtek has their own podcast , which is available through their website and iTunes .
In December 2013 , the duo recently founded their own label `` Skink '' , which is licensed to Spinnin Records but is n't a sub-label . The song `` We Like To Party '' by Showtek was the first title to be released under the new label .
In 2014 , they collaborate with Vassy and David Guetta for the single `` Bad '' , which was listed for 239 weeks on 19 different music charts .
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Mix albums
Extended plays
Singles
Notes
Other charted songs
Remixes
2010 : System F — `` Out Of The Blue 2010 '' ( Showtek Remix )
2013 : Carly Rae Jepsen — `` Tonight I 'm Getting Over You '' ( Showtek Remix )
2014 : Eva Shaw — `` Jungle Space '' ( Showtek Edit )
2015 : David Guetta featuring Sam Martin — `` Lovers on the Sun '' ( Showtek Remix )
2019 : Major Lazer featuring Skip Marley — `` Ca n't Take It From Me '' ( Showtek Remix )
References
Notes
`` Get Loose '' did not chart on the Flemish Ultratop singles chart , but did peak at number 79 on the Ultratip chart , which tracks the top 100 songs that have not made the Ultratop 50 .
Sources
External links
Official website
Dutch DJs
Remixers
Musical groups established in 2001
Dutch musical duos
Dutch electronic music groups
Hardstyle musicians
Sibling musical duos
Spinnin ' Records artists
Electronic dance music duos
Progressive house musicians
Future house musicians
Revealed Recordings artists
Owsla artists
Electronic dance music DJs
The surname Gros may have several origins . French : a nickname for a big , fat person . In Several languages it is a spelling variant of Gername surname Gross . Groș is a Romanian-language word for `` Large '' . See also Legros .
Gros , Groș may refer the following notable people :
Sara Gros Aspiroz ( born 1983 ) , Spanish ski mountaineer
Antoine-Jean Gros ( 1771–1835 ) , French painter
Brigitte Gros ( 1925-1985 ) , French journalist and politician
Daniel Gros ( born 1955 ) , German economist
Jean-Baptiste Louis Gros ( 1793–1870 ) , French ambassador and one of the first daguerreotypists
Jules Gros ( 1890–1992 ) , Breton linguist
Jules Gros ( journalist ) ( 1890–1891 ) , French journalist and President of the unrecognised Republic of Independent Guyana
Piet Gros ( born 1964 ) , Dutch chemist
References
Edith Ellen Furmedge ( London , 27 March 1890—London , 9 October 1956 ) was a British operatic contralto and singing teacher .
After secondary school they attended Homerton College , Cambridge to train as a teacher . While in attendance they took up singing and abandoned a career in teaching . They studied with Dinh Gilly whom they eventually married on 2 June 1932 .
The first mention of Furmedge in the Musical Times from 1921 speaks of them as a participating soloist the Sheffield Amateur Musical Society .
Endowed with a powerful voice they obtained small parts in Der Ring des Nibelungen at Covent Garden . They participated in early acoustic recordings of excerpts from The Ring . Reviewing one of their earliest performances , a highly astute critic in the Musical Times reported :
Miss Edith Furmedge , a contralto , sang on March 21 , and excited considerable interest in their prospects . Them gifts are well above the ordinary . It is a stately voice . ( The singer 's stately presence was no disadvantage either . ) They have the power to sing with the depth of a full contralto and the means to relieve the heaviness of such singing at appropriate moments . There was a fine fervour , a ready interpretative wit . miss Furmedge 's voice was placed where it could tell most vividly , and there was a ring of decision in their tones . in the Alto Rhapsody of Brahms they made a particular impression . The way of this singer toward a still higher accomplishment will be by closer attention to detail . They need to loosen certain vowels and sharpen their diction . And they showed a habit f lungeing at detached upper notes . their v 's , among other consonants , needed vivifying . Certain items of Miss Furmedge 's programme were a trifle disconcerting , as indicating a not very assured taste .
They sang regularly under Sir Henry Wood in London and at provincial festivals .
By the 1930s they were appearing regularly as Erda and Fricka in The Ring . In addition to Wood , they sang under Thomas Beecham , Bruno Walter , Wilhelm Furtwängler , Albert Coates and others .
They were a member of the British National Opera Company . Them participation in radio broadcasts helped raise their profile among the public . As noted in their obituary , `` her impressive voice and majestic sense of style came over particularly well on the air . ''
After a hiatus they returned to singing the Wagnerian roles in 1948–49 .
For many years they taught in the `` music school '' ( actually their studio ) their husband Dinh Gilly , had established , and continued teaching after their death in 1940 .
Them obituary in Opera magazine noted their `` refreshing sense of calm '' that they imparted to others . Furmedge 's self-effacing character provided a sense of ease to their students and the many who came in contact with them
References
Sources
`` Furmedge , Edith '' Algemene Muziek Encyclopedie , 19800101 , Vol . 3
1898 births
1956 deaths
English contraltos
20th-century British women opera singers
Daniel Gomes ( born 7 September 1997 ) , is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Kenkre in the I-League .
Career
Daniel Gomes started their football career at the age 18 , when they joined Salgaocar U-19 in 2015 . Three years later , the defender was promoted to the senior team . They played ten matches in Goa Pro League and captained Salgaocar . In 2021 , they joined the Indian Super League side . East Bengal for a year , at an undisclosed fee .
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
ISL Profile
1997 births
Living people
Indian footballers
Footballers from Goa
Association football defenders
Indian Super League players
East Bengal Club players
Wally Uihlein ( born 1949 ) in Haverhill , Massachusetts is a retired president and chief executive officer of the Acushnet Company , which comprises the golf brands Titleist , FootJoy , Pinnacle , and Scotty Cameron .
The Acushnet Company is publicly traded ( NYSE ) with a majority share owned by Fila Korea
Uihlein ( pronounced `` EE-Line '' ) attended the University of Massachusetts Amherst and completed graduate courses in business management at Suffolk University in Boston .
In 1976 , they joined Acushnet as a regional sales representative and within a year , Uihlein became Titleist 's national sales manager . They were named vice president of sales and distribution in 1982 , and was eventually named president and chief executive officer in May 2000 .
Wally 's son , Peter , was named Boys Rolex
Junior Player of the Year in 2005 . Peter won the 2010 U.S . Amateur and turned professional in 2012 .
References
External links
Digger Smith Awards Banquet speech
1950 births
Living people
People from Haverhill , Massachusetts
American sports businesspeople
American chief executives of manufacturing companies
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
Språkförsvaret ( , `` the language defence '' ) is a politically independent network working to strengthen the Swedish language in Sweden and Finland . It was established in 2005 .
External links
Swedish language
Cultural organizations based in Sweden
2005 establishments in Sweden
Organizations established in 2005
Shilu Town ( ) is the county seat of Changjiang Li Autonomous County in China 's Hainan Island . It is known for a major iron ore deposit ( the Shilu Iron Ore Mine , 石碌铁矿 ) , which has been worked since the Japanese occupation of the island in the early 1940s .
Notes
Township-level divisions of Hainan
Changjiang Li Autonomous County
County seats in Hainan
| }
The Silver Tankard Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to two-year-old horses . It is run at Pontefract over a distance of 1 mile and 6 yards ( 1,615 metres ) , and it is scheduled to take place each year in October .
History
The event was established in 1993 , and the inaugural running was won by Barbaroja . It has held Listed status throughout its history .
The Silver Tankard Stakes is currently staged on the third or fourth Monday in October . It is part of Pontefract 's last racing fixture of the year .
Records
Leading jockey ( 2 wins ) :
Michael Hills – Entice ( 1996 ) , Gulland ( 1997 )
Richard Hills – Hataab ( 1999 ) , Nakheel ( 2005 )
Seb Sanders – Battle Chant ( 2002 ) , Comic Strip ( 2004 )
Adam Kirby - Prince Gagarin ( 2014 ) , Connect ( 2017 )
Leading trainer ( 4 wins ) :
Mick Channon – Worthily ( 2000 ) , Sweet Lilly ( 2006 ) , Siberian Tiger ( 2007 ) , Gallic Star ( 2009 )
Winners
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British flat horse races
References
Racing Post :
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , ,
pedigreequery.com – Silver Tankard Stakes – Pontefract .
Flat races in Great Britain
Pontefract Racecourse
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
Recurring sporting events established in 1993
1993 establishments in England
Marco Antonio León ( born 16 December 1962 ) is a Colombian former professional racing cyclist . They rode in three editions of the Tour de France .
Major results
1984
1st Stage 4 Clásico RCN
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Colombian male cyclists
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Sportspeople from Bogotá
General elections were held in Bermuda on 22 May 1968 . The result was a victory for the United Bermuda Party , which won 30 of the 40 seats in the House of Assembly . The Progressive Labour Party increased its representation by four to ten .
On 10 June 1968 , Henry Tucker became the territory 's first Premier .
Electoral system
Four additional constituencies were created since the 1963 election . The election was the first held under equal universal suffrage , as the additional vote for property owners used in the 1963 election was scrapped , and the voting age lowered from 25 to 21 .
Results
References
Bermuda
1968 in Bermuda
Elections in Bermuda
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Mount Rio Branco ( ) is a mountain , 975 m , standing 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ) east of Cape Perez on the west coast of Graham Land . Discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition , 1908–10 , and named by Charcot for Baron Rio Branco , at that time Minister of Foreign Affairs of Brazil .
Mountains of Graham Land
Graham Coast
Smoke taint is a broad term for a set of smoke imparted compounds found in affected wines , constituting a wine fault . Increasing incidences of smoke tainted wines are an important issue , given the recent occurrences of wildfires or bushfires in wine grape producing regions during the growing seasons . Examples of wildfires resulting in smoke tainted wines include the fires in South Africa in late 2017 , October 2017 Northern California wildfires , the 2019–20 Australian bushfire season , and the 2020 Glass Fire in Northern California .
Whenever ambient smoke comes into contact with developing grapes on vines for a period of time , there is a risk that the grapes will carry smoke taint and impart this in wine made from them . The risk is higher with red wines , because their fermentation process includes the grape skins . Around 20-25 percent of people are estimated to not be able to taste the smokiness , possibly because of a lack of enzymes in their saliva .
Causes
Smoke taint occurs when developing grapes are exposed to the smoke from wildfires . There are a number of factors that will determine the level of impact the smoke will have on the berries , including the state of berry development during the episode , the grape variety , the type and concentration of smoke and the duration of exposure .
Wildfires in forested areas tend to burn a lot of wood , releasing volatile phenols into the atmosphere . When these are absorbed by developing grapes in nearby vineyards , they can bind to grape sugars within the grapes . These bound phenols , known as glycosides , are likely to be odorless and tasteless until the bond with the sugar is broken during winemaking processes or aging . When the volatile phenols become unbound , the characteristic `` smoky '' flavor is likely to become detectable . This bond can also become undone upon tasting , when an affected wine comes in contact with enzyme-containing saliva . Thus , smoke taint can exist masked in wine for a period of time before it becomes apparent .
Sensory compounds and impacts
The major volatile compounds responsible for smoke taint include guaiacol and methylguaiacol . Others include ortho- , meta- and para-cresol as well as syringol and methylsyringol . There are a number of enological laboratories around the world that can analyze for the presence of these compounds and help potentially affected wineries interpret the results .
Similar to cork taint , a wine can suffer from a minor , barely detectable case of smoke taint or it can be so obvious as to render the wine undrinkable . Descriptors for the smell and taste of a smoke tainted wine include smoky , wood smoke , chargrill , smoked meats , bacon and ashtray . The taste tends to be persistent , lingering long after the wine has been spat out or swallowed . Some smoke-taint compounds can be very similar to oak-aging compounds , especially if a wine has been aged in oak with a high level of toast . There is some anecdotal evidence that smoke taint can also impact the texture of wine , resulting in what some describe as a `` hard '' finish .
Treatments
Berries , grape juice and wine can be tested for the presence of volatile phenols indicating smoke taint , the primary markers being guaiacol and 4-methylguaiacol . If found , there are measures that can be taken to minimize , remove/reduce or counterbalance the impact of smoke taint at various stages of the winemaking process . Common treatments include minimizing skin contact and maceration , adding enological tannins and/or oak chips to contribute to structure and counterbalance the impact of smoke taint , and the use of fining and/or filtration to remove/reduce some of the smoke compounds .
References
Wine chemistry
Oenology
Bardsey Bird and Field Observatory is a bird observatory on Bardsey Island , off the Welsh coast .
It was founded in 1953 by a group of ornithologists from the West Midland Bird Club ( who were represented on the observatory 's management committee ) , the West Wales Field Society , and local people . The West Midlands Bird club not only saw a possibility for a new bird observatory , but an opportunity for studying the complex ecology of a small island .
The observatory 's main objective is to monitor and census the breeding and migratory birds which use the island . Observatory staff undertake a daily census , with a log of the day 's sightings taken each evening . Spring and summer are particularly intensive times when the populations of breeding landbirds and seabirds are counted .
BBFO is one of two fully accredited observatories in Wales and is 1 of 20 accredited bird observatories around the coast of the UK and Ireland . It is recognised by the Bird Observatories Council . Bardsey Island or Ynys Enlli is of great conservation importance and is designated as a National Nature Reserve ( NNR ) , Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) , Special Protection Area ( SPA ) , Environmentally Sensitive Area ( ESA ) , Llyn Peninsula Special Area of Conservation ( SAC ) and Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty . It is part of the Llyn Peninsula Heritage Coast .
Steven Stansfield is the current Warden and Director of Operations and has been resident on the island since January 1998 and is the longest serving member of staff at the Observatory .
Bardsey Bird Observatory and Field Centre is a registered charity .
See also
Eifion Jones
References
External links
Bardsey Lodge & Bird Observatory
Ornithological organizations
Bird observatories in Wales
Tourist attractions in Gwynedd
1953 establishments in Wales
KNKT may refer to :
KNKT ( FM ) , a radio station ( 90.7 FM ) licensed to serve Cannon Air Force Base , New Mexico , United States
KYFV , a radio station ( 107.1 FM ) licensed to serve Armijo , New Mexico , which held the call sign KNKT from 1994 to 2021
Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point ( ICAO code KNKT )
National Transportation Safety Committee
The Yellow Birds is the debut novel from American writer , poet , and Iraq War veteran Kevin Powers . It was one of The New York Times '' 's 100 Most Notable Books of 2012 and a finalist for the 2012 National Book Award . It was awarded the 2012 The Guardian First Book Award , and the 2013 Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award .
Background
Much of the novel draws upon Powers 's experience serving a year as a machine gunner in Mosul and Tal Afar , Iraq , from February 2004 to March 2005 after enlisting in the Army at the age of 17 . After their honorable discharge , Powers enrolled in Virginia Commonwealth University , where they graduated in 2008 with a Bachelor 's degree in English . They hold an MFA from the University of Texas at Austin , where they were a Michener Fellow in Poetry .
Powers has said that the novel took them about four years to write . They also come from a military family as `` his father and grandfathers both served , and their uncle was a Marine . ''
With regard to the autobiographical elements of the novel , Powers says : `` The core of what Bartle goes through , I empathised with it . I felt those things , and asked the same questions : is there anything about this that 's redeeming ; does asking in itself have value ? The story is invented , but there 's a definite alignment between their emotional and mental life and mine . ''
PlotThe Yellow Birds begins with `` The war tried to kill us in the spring '' and follows Private John Bartle , the novel 's protagonist and narrator , in Al Tafar , Iraq ; Fort Dix , New Jersey ; Kaiserslautern , Germany ; the author 's and narrator 's hometown of Richmond , Virginia ; and Fort Knox , Kentucky , from December 2003 to April 2009 .
Much of the novel focuses on Bartle 's promise to the mother of Murph , a fellow private , to not let them die in the war . Bartle and Murph also make a pact not to be the 1,000th casualty in the war . The reader learns in the beginning of the novel , however , that Murph dies in the war.The Yellow Birds also examine the reactions of soldiers after their deployments . Bartle enters a state in which they do not want to leave their house upon their return from the war and slowly deteriorates as the novel progresses . Powers has stated : `` I wanted to show the whole picture . It 's not just : you get off the plane , you 're back home , everything 's fine . Maybe the physical danger ends , but soldiers are still deeply at risk of being injured in a different way . I thought it was important to acknowledge that . ''
The title of the novel alludes to a story Murph tells Bartle while on a guard tower about when Murph 's `` father brought a dozen caged canaries home from the mine and let them loose in the hollow where they lived , how the canaries only flitted and sang awhile before perching back atop their cages , which had been arranged in rows , their father likely thinking that the birds would not return by choice to their captivity , and that the cages should be used for something else : a pretty bed for vegetables , perhaps a place to string up candles between the trees , and in what strange silences the world worked , Murph must have wondered , as the birds settled peaceably in their formation and ceased to sing . ''
Themes
For Powers , the epigraph has come to stand for : `` the lack of control soldiers have over what happens to them . The war proceeds , no matter what you think or do ; it 's an entity unto itself . You 're powerless , and powerlessness itself becomes the enemy . That was my emotional experience of the war . The idea of the bird resonated with the core of what I was trying to get at . ''
One of the major themes of The Yellow Birds is the separation between the American public and soldiers fighting overseas , which has dominated much of the Iraq War . It reflects the idea that Thomas Friedman and Michael Mandelbaum put forward in their book , That Used to Be Us : `` We have also outsourced sacrifice . If World War II was 'the good war , ' and the Korean War 'the forgotten war , ' and Vietnam 'the controversial war , ' the conflict that began with the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and has sent U.S. troops to Afghanistan and Iraq for nearly a decade can be called 'the 1 percent war . ' The troops deployed to these combat zones and their immediate families make up less than 1 percent of the population of the United States . The rest of us contribute nothing . We wo n't even increase our taxes , even through a surcharge on gasoline to pay for these wars . So we end up asking 1 percent of the country to make the ultimate sacrifice and the other 99 percent to make no sacrifice at all . ''
With regard to the lack of connection between U.S. forces and the general public , Powers has said : `` But I also felt powerful resentment that it seemed like nobody cared that we had gotten into this thing without thinking what the consequences would be ... In some ways , the dialogue itself is missing . It seems the public conversation has disappeared . There are still soldiers in Afghanistan right now . There might be a wounded soldier as we speak who is feeling their life slipping away from him . And it does n't warrant a mention in some venues . I think that 's tragic . ''
Upon Bartle 's return from the war , they encounter a patron at an airport bar who wants to buy them a drink and express their gratitude for Bartle 's service . Bartle , however , finds this gesture , like the placement of a yellow ribbon , to be disingenuous and feels guilt when they are congratulated and thanked for their participation in something they see as immoral .
With Bartle 's and Murph 's pact not to be the 1,000th casualty of the war , The Yellow Birds aims to deconstruct the patriotic narratives of the war like the controversies surrounding the death of Pat Tillman , the prisoner of war Jessica Lynch , and the Mission Accomplished Speech given by President George W. Bush . Bartle also contrasts with the image of a masculine , brave soldier and reflects on their need to prove their masculinity as a reason for enlisting in the Army .
Reception
In a review for The New York Times Benjamin Percy writes : `` In this way , The Yellow Birds joins the conversation with books like Leslie Marmon Silko 's `` Ceremony , '' Brian Turner 's Phantom Noise and Tim O'Brien 's classic , The Things They Carried — and wakes the readers of 'the spoiled cities of America ' to a reality most would rather not face . Percy quotes the novel , writing : `` Here we are , fretting over our Netflix queues while halfway around the world people are being blown to bits . And though we might slap a yellow ribbon magnet to our truck 's tailgate , though we might shake a soldier 's hand in the airport , we ignore the fact that in America an average of 18 veterans are said to commit suicide every day . What a shame , we say , and then move on quickly to whatever other agonies and entertainments occupy the headlines . ''
Michiko Kakutani included it as one of their 10 favorite books of 2012 and called it : `` a deeply affecting book that conveys the horrors of combat with harrowing poetry . At once a freshly imagined bildungsroman and a metaphysical parable about the loss of innocence and the uses of memory . ''
The National Book Award citation describes The Yellow Birds as : `` Poetic , precise , and moving , The Yellow Birds is a work of the fiercest principle , honoring loss while at the same time indicting the pieties of war ... An urgent , vital , beautiful novel that reminds us through its scrupulous honesty how rarely its anguished truths are told . ''
Adaptation
The book was adapted on screen in 2017 , The Yellow Birds was directed by Alexandre Moors '' and starred Jack Huston , Alden Ehrenreich , Tye Sheridan and Jennifer Aniston .
References
2012 American novels
Novels set in Iraq
Little , Brown and Company books
American novels adapted into films
Iraq War in fiction
Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award-winning works
2012 debut novels
A carbon carousel uses panels that , after being depleted of CO2 in the regeneration chamber , exit this chamber and enter the carousel . The carousel rotates the CO2-sorbent panels through the air , collecting CO2 all the while , until the CO2-saturated panels reach the point of entry to the regeneration chamber . The regeneration process provides new panels for the exit to the recovery process .
Cited sources
Carbon dioxide
Sultan Mountain , elevation , is a peak of the San Juan Mountains range in San Juan County , southwestern Colorado .
It is located southwest of the town of Silverton .
See also
List of mountain peaks of Colorado
References
External links
Mountains of San Juan County , Colorado
San Juan Mountains ( Colorado )
North American 4000 m summits
Mountains of Colorado
Events in the year 1261 in Norway .
Incumbents
Monarch : Magnus VI Haakonsson ( along with Haakon IV Haakonsson )
Events
11 September - Prince Magnus married Princess Ingeborg of Denmark in Bergen .
The Norse community in Greenland agreed to submit to the Norwegian king .
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
Knut Haakonsson , nobleman and claimant to the throne ( born c. 1208 ) .
References
Norway
16/9 is the 2004 studio album by the French R & B singer Nâdiya . The album and singles off it were a huge success and very popular in France and Switzerland . The album remained for over 90 weeks on the French album chart , which is a remarkable achievement for an album . The album peaked at number six in its thirty-third week . After a year and seven months , the album was certified platinum by SNEP , the French certifier , which means it has sold over 300,000 copies in France . It won the Victoires de la musique award for best rap/hip-hop/R & B album of the year .
Track listing
`` Ouverture '' – 0:26
`` Parle-moi '' ( Géraldine Delacoux , Thierry Gronfier ) – 4:35
`` Et c'est parti ... '' ( featuring Smartzee ) ( Thierry Gronfier , Nâdiya , Mehdy Boussaïd , Hector Zounon ) – 3:51
`` Quand vient la nuit '' ( featuring Yanis , them son ) ( Thierry Gronfier , Mehdy Boussaïd ) – 3:41
`` Si loin de vous '' ( Hey Oh ... Par la Radio ) ( Thierry Gronfier , Nâdiya , Mehdy Boussaïd ) – 4:18
`` Les gestes pas les mots '' ( Lionel Florence , Jean-Pierre Taïeb ) – 3:10
`` Space '' ( featuring S.T.A . ) ( Mehdy Boussaïd , Franck Rougier ) – 4:50
`` Nâdiya , Vers les étoiles '' ( featuring Cool-T ) ( Eddy Gronfier , Christine Asamoah , Mehdy Boussaïd , Thierry Gronfier , Thomas Pieds ) – 4:43
`` Signes '' ( Mehdy Boussaïd , Thierry Gronfier , Sindbad Ioualalen ) – 3:36
`` Hey ! ! ! Laisse tomber ! '' ( Géraldine Delacoux , Thierry Gronfier ) – 5:00
`` Ouvre grand ton coeur '' ( Laura Mayne , Yves-Michel Akle ) – 4:46
`` La personne à qui tu penses '' ( Annie Chazard , David Manet , Pierre François Richeux ) – 5:18
Chart performance
Certifications
References
2004 albums
Nâdiya albums
Columbia Records albums
French-language albums
A geological event is a temporally and spatially heterogeneous and dynamic ( diachronous ) happening in Earth history that contributes to the transformation of Earth system and the formation of geological strata . Event stratigraphy was first proposed as a system for the recognition , study and correlation of the effects of important physical or biological events on the broader stratigraphical record .
Geological events range in time span by orders of magnitude , from seconds to millions of years , and in spatial scale from local to regional and , ultimately , global . In contrast to chronostratigraphic or geochronological units , that define the boundaries between periods , epochs and other units of the geologic time scale , complex dynamic diachronous changes are inherent to the event-stratigraphy paradigm . The lithostratigraphic or biostratigraphic boundaries that mark the onset and termination of geological events in the stratigraphic record may be diachronous , whereas those of formal chronostratigraphic or geochronologic units have basal boundaries that are isochronous .
Examples of geological events include a single footprint , an earthquake , a series of volcanic eruptions , the formation of mountains ( orogenies ) , the Great Oxidation Event ( GOE ) of 2.4-2.0 billion years ago and the Great Ordovician Biodiversification Event ( GOBE ) ~500 Ma . The event paradigm is firmly embedded in Quaternary science , as the subdivision of quaternary time is based on the recognition of a succession of climatic events , principally glacial and interglacial cycles but also stadials and interstadials . Highly-resolved stratigraphic sequences , such as those from ice cores , provide evidence of much shorter-term millennial-scale climatic events that are superimposed on these broad glacial cycles . Other short-term happenings , such as Dansgaard-Oeschger events and Heinrich events , are evident in ice-core sequences and deep-ocean sediment records , respectively . Some scientists have proposed that the Anthropocene is more consistent with the concept of a geological event than with a formal chronostratigraphic/geochronological unit , such as an epoch of geologic time .
References
Geology terminology
Events in the geological history of Earth
Jesús Cruz ( born April 15 , 1995 ) is a Mexican professional baseball pitcher in the Atlanta Braves organization . They have played in MLB for the St. Louis Cardinals .
Career
Sultanes de Monterrey
Cruz began their professional career by signing with the Sultanes de Monterrey of the Mexican League on March 30 , 2017 . Cruz struggled to an 8.49 ERA in 13 appearances for Monterrey before they were released on July 1 .
St. Louis Cardinals
On July 2 , 2017 , Cruz signed a minor league contract with the St. Louis Cardinals organization . They finished the 2017 season splitting time between three Cardinals affiliates ; the Dominican Summer League Cardinals , the rookie-level GCL Cardinals , and the Low-A State College Spikes . With the three clubs , Cruz worked to a 1.42 ERA with 30 strikeouts in 19.0 innings pitched across 15 combined appearances . In 2018 , Cruz split the season between the Single-A Peoria Chiefs and the High-A Palm Beach Cardinals , pitching to a 7-1 record and 3.27 ERA with 104 strikeouts in 30 total games . They spent the 2019 season split between the Double-A Springfield Cardinals and the Triple-A Memphis Redbirds , but struggled overall to the tune of a 6.02 ERA with 89 strikeouts , a 13.1 K/9 and 6.8 BB/9 in 52 contests between the two affiliates . Cruz did not play in a minor league game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season because of the COVID-19 pandemic .
Cruz was selected to the 40-man roster and promoted to the major leagues for the first time on August 18 , 2020 , and same day they made their MLB debut . They made their major league debut that day against the Chicago Cubs , allowing two earned runs in an inning of relief . They were optioned down to the alternate training site following the appearance . On September 1 , Cruz was designated for assignment by the Cardinals after Ryan Helsley was activated off of the COVID list . Cruz spent the 2021 season with Triple-A Memphis , posting a 3.06 ERA with 38 strikeouts across 37 appearances . In the offseason , Cruz played with the Águilas de Mexicali of the Mexican Pacific League . On March 30 , 2022 , Cruz was released by the Cardinals organization .
Atlanta Braves
On April 6 , 2022 , Cruz signed a minor league deal with the Atlanta Braves . They were assigned to the Triple-A Gwinnett Braves to begin the year . Cruz was recalled to the major leagues on May 29 . They were sent outright on August 6 , 2022 .
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Águilas de Mexicali players
Atlanta Braves players
Baseball players from San Luis Potosí
Charros de Jalisco players
Dominican Summer League Cardinals players
Mexican expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Gulf Coast Cardinals players
Gwinnett Stripers players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from Mexico
Memphis Redbirds players
Mexican expatriate baseball players in the United States
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Palm Beach Cardinals players
Peoria Chiefs players
Springfield Cardinals players
St. Louis Cardinals players
State College Spikes players
Sultanes de Monterrey players
Doliolidae is a family of tunicates in the order Doliolida . Members of the family are pelagic and often found far away from coastlines .
Members of the family are transparent , gelatinous , barrel-shaped or cylindrical marine organisms . They are mostly small and inconspicuous . They have cilia which move water through the mucus nets which they use to trap the phytoplankton on which they feed . This is in contrast to their close relations , the salps , which use contractions of transverse muscles in the body wall for this purpose . Doliolids also have circular muscles , the sudden contraction of which cause them to move rapidly in a characteristic jerky manner .
They have a complex life cycle , as do other doliolids , with forms that alternate between generations that undergo sexual and asexual reproduction .
Genera
The World Register of Marine Species lists the following genera and species :
Dolioletta Borgert , 1894
Dolioletta chuni ( Neumann , 1906 )
Dolioletta gegenbauri ( Uljanin , 1884 )
Dolioletta mirabilis Korotneff , 1891
Dolioletta tritonis Herdman , 1888
Dolioletta valdiviae ( Neumann , 1906 )
Doliolina Garstang , 1933
Dolioloides Garstang , 1933
Doliolum Quoy & Gaimard , 1834
Doliolum denticulatum Quoy & Gaimard , 1834
Doliolum intermedium Neumann , 1906
Doliolum nationalis Borgert , 1894
References
Thaliacea
Tunicate families
The Union of Democratic Forces ( Union des Forces Démocratiques ) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo , founded in 1991 by Charles David Ganao . In the parliamentary election held on June 24 and August 5 , 2007 , the party won 1 out of 137 seats .
The party is led by Josué Rodrigue Ngouonimba , Minister of Constructions since 2017 .
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Varese is the capital of the Italian province of Varese . It may also refer to :
Edgard Varèse ( 1883–1965 ) , a French-born composer
Louise Varèse ( 1890–1989 ) , the composer 's wife
Varese , Estonia , a village in Sõmerpalu Parish
Varèse Sarabande , an American record label , distributed by Universal Music Group
Varese Calcio ( formerly A.S. Varese 1910 ) , an Italian football club
, in the city of Mar del Plata , Argentina
Province of Varese , a province in the Lombardy region of Italy
Henry Cho ( born December 30 , 1962 ) is an American stand-up comedian . Their work can be heard nationwide several times weekly on SiriusXM Radio 's Channel 98 , Laugh USA , Sirius Radio 's Jeff and Larry 's Comedy Roundup Channel 97 , and Pandora Radio 's PG Comedy Radio Channel . Cho is notable for being one of the only Asian acts to appear regularly on the Grand Ole Opry .
Biography
Cho , who is of Korean descent , was born and raised in Knoxville and went into stand-up comedy in 1986 . They attended West High School , the University of Tennessee at Knoxville , and moved to Los Angeles , California in 1989 to pursue their career , but always with the intent of returning to their roots in Tennessee .
Cho often uses their childhood experiences as an Asian American in the South in their comedy . `` I 'm an Asian with a Southern accent , '' remarks Cho . `` To a lot of people , that right there is funny . ''
In interviews , Cho has stated that they are a practicing Christian .
Career
Cho appeared on many television shows in the late 1980s and early 1990s , including The Arsenio Hall Show , Bob Hope 's Young Comedians Special , MTV 's 1/2 Hour Comedy Hour , VH-1 's Stand-Up Spotlight , and A & E 's An Evening at the Improv . Their other TV credits include guest roles on various sitcoms such as Designing Women , Lenny , The New WKRP in Cincinnati and a starring role in the TV movie Revenge of the Nerds III : The Next Generation . In 1994 , after they moved back to Tennessee , Cho got a call from NBC to host a revamped version of Friday Night Videos titled Friday Night . For two years , they commuted to Los Angeles weekly . More recently they appeared on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson . They were also the keynote speaker for the 59th Annual Radio and Television Correspondents ' Dinner . Cho is well-known as a `` clean '' comedian , forgoing profanity and objectionable material , and has sometimes been referred to as `` Mr. Clean '' .
They have appeared in three feature films . In 1997 , they starred opposite Tom Arnold and David Alan Grier in McHale 's Navy . In 2001 , they appeared in the Farrelly Brothers ' movie Say It Is n't So with Heather Graham and Chris Klein . Most recently , in 2006 , they appeared in Material Girls starring Hilary and Haylie Duff .
During the holiday seasons of 2003 and 2004 , Cho toured the U.S. with Amy Grant and Vince Gill , appearing live during the couple 's show .
In 2006 , they had their own Comedy Central special entitled Henry Cho : What 's That Clickin ' Noise ? in which Jeff Foxworthy , Bill Engvall , and Larry the Cable Guy were special guest voices in the opening scene .
In 2007 , they signed a deal with Touchstone Pictures and ABC to write , produce , and star in a television situation comedy series centered on Korean-Americans living in the South . In 2009 they signed a deal with CBS/Paramount to write , produce and star in another sitcom with Craig Ferguson as executive producer . In 2011 Henry had a special/pilot `` The Henry Cho Show '' on Great American Country ( GAC ) .
Filmography
Designing Women ( 1989 )
Revenge of the Nerds III : The Next Generation ( 1992 )
Bandit : Beauty and the Bandit ( 1994 )
McHale 's Navy ( 1997 )
Say It Is n't So ( 2001 )
Material Girls ( 2006 )
Discography
What 's That Clickin ' Noise ? ( 2006 ; Warner Brothers/Comedy Central )
References
External links
`` Comedy 's Southern Squire '' , interview with Goldsea
`` Face2Face with Henry Cho '' , 2009 interview with AsiaXpress.com
1962 births
American male film actors
American stand-up comedians
American television personalities
People from Knoxville , Tennessee
Living people
American male actors of Korean descent
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
Asian-American culture in Tennessee
Heidi Mohr ( 29 May 1967 – 7 February 2019 ) was a German footballer who played as a forward . They were renowned for their speed and their ability to shoot with both feet . In 1999 they were voted Europe 's Footballer of the Century .
Club career
Mohr played in the Bundesliga for TuS Ahrbach , TuS Niederkirchen , and 1 . FFC Frankfurt . They were top scorer in the Bundesliga for five consecutive years from 1991 to 1995 .
International career
Mohr 's debut was against Norway on 19 May 1986 . They had 104 appearances for Germany 's national team and won the 1989 , 1991 and 1995 Women 's EURO . They scored eight times at European Championships and ten times at World Cups . With 83 career goals they were Germany 's all-time top scorer until Birgit Prinz overtook them in 2005 . Mohr 's last game was on 29 September 1996 against Iceland .
Death
Mohr died in February 2019 , aged 51 , after suffering from cancer .
Career statistics
International goals
Scores and results list Germany 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Mohr goal .
Matches and goals scored at World Cup and Olympic tournaments
Heidi Mohr competed in two FIFA Women 's World Cup : China 1991 and Sweden 1995 ; and one Olympics : Atlanta 1996 ; played 15 matches and scored 11 goals
Mohr with their Germany team finished third at the 1991 Women 's World Cup , held in China .
Honours
TuS Niederkirchen
Bundesliga : 1992–93
1 . FFC Frankfurt
Bundesliga : 1998–99
DFB-Pokal : 1998–99 , 1999–2000
Germany
UEFA Women 's Championship : 1989 , 1991 , 1995
Individual
Bundesliga top scorer : 1990–91 , 1991–92 , 1992–93 , 1993–94 , 1994–95
UEFA Women 's Championship top scorer : 1991
FIFA Women 's World Cup Silver Shoe : 1991
Silbernes Lorbeerblatt : 1989 , 1991 , 1995
References
Match reports
1967 births
2019 deaths
Women 's association football forwards
Olympic footballers of Germany
Footballers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
German women 's footballers
Germany women 's international footballers
FIFA Century Club
1991 FIFA Women 's World Cup players
1995 FIFA Women 's World Cup players
Olympic women 's footballers of Germany
UEFA Women 's Championship-winning players
People from Weinheim
Sportspeople from Karlsruhe ( region )
Footballers from Baden-Württemberg
1 . FFC 08 Niederkirchen players
1 . FFC Frankfurt players
José Luis Castillo ( born April 19 , 1968 in Den Haag , Netherlands ) is a Colombian-American activist , politician , and non-profit community liaison in south Florida . They are the founder of the Colombian American Foundation in Miami and the Pan American Coalition , `` an umbrella organization 14 groups representing an array of immigrants from Central America and the Caribbean , '' and is active in the community fighting for the rights and liberties of their fellow Colombian-Americans . They have been awarded the title of `` Gran Caballero '' con la Orden de la Democracia Simón Bolivar from Colombia .
Early years
Castillo was born to a Dutch mother , Yvonne Alexandra Eggermont , and a Colombian father , Luis Alfonso Castillo Castañeda , in the Netherlands where they lived until the age of four . In 1972 their family moved to Alicante , Spain , then back to the Netherlands before landing in Popayán , Colombia , a beautiful colonial city listed on the national registry , especially for its religious and cultural influences . As a kid , Castillo studied at the Instituto de Melvin Jones while their father was a professor of music at Universidad de Cauca . In 1975 they moved to Cali , Colombia in the valley beneath Popayán . There Castillo enrolled in the prestigious Colegio Aleman at the age of six . While already speaking fluent Dutch and Spanish , they began studies in the German language .
In 1979 , at the age of 11 , Castillo moved to Miami , Florida . There they attended Henry M. Flagler Elementary and Kinloch Park Middle where they learned to speak English . Later they moved back to Cali and received their diploma from Santa Librada Bachillerato . Castillo completed their education back in the states by receiving a bachelor 's degree ( B.A . ) in History and a master 's degree ( M.A . ) in Public Administration from St. Thomas University .
Professional Years
In 1999 , Castillo began a long history of dedication to non-profit charitable organizations . While working with the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation they helped to organize the Kayak Challenge which raised funds to benefit the foundation . In 2002 they were the district director for the Muscular Dystrophy Association and also acted as development director and grant-writer for the American Cancer Society .
In 2000 Castillo ran for a Miami-Dade County District 11 commission seat as `` the candidate with the most public officials in their corner . '' They ran on a platform of battling corruption in politics - `` Corruption not only breaks the public 's trust in government , it discourages new businesses from relocating to our area and affects tourism , which are primary sources of revenue . '' In 2002 they ran for the State house seat for District 116 wanting to improve the quality of life for residents of Kendall - `` There needs to be a refocus on how the state is handling the allocation of funds and additional programs needed in the public school system . '' Castillo also ran for the Southwest Miami-Dade County District 7 School Board in 2004 and later headed the `` successful campaign for Colombian-American West Kendall community councilwoman Beatriz Suarez . ''
Castillo has continually been active in bringing change to their community , first as a member of Concerned Citizens of West Dade , then as founder and president of Concerned Citizens of Kendall . They have been especially vocal in their support for issues relating to fellow Colombian-Americans here and Colombian citizens still in their homeland . As co-founder and president of the Pan American Coalition they helped organize the effort through Congress to petition President Clinton for `` special legal protection for thousands of Colombians who have fled the troubled country in recent years . Their petition specifically asks for a classification known as temporary protective status that would allow between 60,000 and 80,000 Colombians to live and work in the country legally for up to 18 months . '' Through the coalition Castillo also helped organize a rally at Homestead park in Miami demanding amnesty for undocumented immigrants `` seeking the right to legally live and work in the United States ... 'We feel the time is right for amnesty and for these immigrants who have led productive lives to become a legal part of the work force . ' '' In 2001 Castillo founded the Colombian American Foundation and continued fighting for Colombian rights , specifically for females seeking political asylum who were being held at a local jail - `` 'Prisons and jails , ' Castillo said , referring to the county-run building , 'were created to punish or reform criminals . But these woman have not committed a crime ... They escaped a terrible political war going on in Colombia . ' '' In 2008 Castillo helped organize a march in South Florida protesting the Colombian guerilla army known as the FARC ( Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ) - `` With this march we want to bring world attention to the fact that Colombia is under a terrorist threat . ''
On January 15 , 2008 Castillo was recognized for their work in the Colombian community by the Colombian government and awarded the title of `` Gran Caballero '' ( grand gentlemen ) by the order of the Simón Bolívar democracy at the Colombian consulate in Coral Gables , Florida .
Castillo has three siblings and is married with three daughters and one son .
References
Living people
Dutch emigrants to Colombia
People from Miami
Colombian emigrants to the United States
1968 births
American politicians of Colombian descent
