Carrie Black may refer to :
Carrie Nelson Black in Ohio Women 's Hall of Fame
Carrie Black ( OITNB )
Alexander Radčenko ( born October 2 , 1982 ) is a Slovak handball
player , currently playing for 1.MHK Košice in the Slovak Extraliga .
They also played in HT Tatran Prešov .
External links
Vlastimil Funak at eurohandball.com
Slovak male handball players
1982 births
Living people
People from Vranov nad Topľou
Gorgie ( ) is a densely populated area of Edinburgh , Scotland . It is located in the west of the city and borders Murrayfield , Ardmillan and Dalry .
Name
The name is thought to be Brythonic in origin . Early forms suggest it derives from gor gyn – upper wedge – which may refer to the tapering shape of the land between the Water of Leith and the Craiglockhart hills . An alternative derivation is 'big field ' from Cumbric ( Brythonic ) gor cyn .
History
Gorgie is recorded in 12th century charters of Holyrood Abbey , when in 1236 it came into the possession of Sir William Livingston . In 1799 , the Cox family who owned a mill bought most of the former estate from the residual Livingston family . They developed a glue factory on the site , which was redeveloped under a new Post Office Telecommunications telephone exchange in 1969 . From 1527 , the landowners lived in Gorgie House , situated on Alexander Drive . Its remnants were demolished in 1937 , to allow construction of the Pooles Roxy cinema and some housing .
Gorgie developed at a slower pace than nearby Dalry , allowing the continued operation of the Gorgie pig farm until 1885 . Robb 's Loan is named after Robert Robb and their son James who farmed at Gorgie Mains for much of the nineteenth century . By 1800 , only the area between Robertson Avenue and Saughton Park had any housing , served by a school and a church mission .
Industry
With grain whisky consumption growing in the industrialised and railway connected Victorian era , independent whisky blenders needed access to a high quality and high volume producer of grain whisky spirit . In 1885 , major shareholders Andrew Usher , William Sanderson and John M. Crabbie , with numerous other whisky-blenders as shareholders , established the North British Distillery Company , which bought the former pig farm , and began developing a distillery .
The distillery gained access to the Edinburgh Suburban and Southside Junction Railway , which began developing a railway station in Gorgie . This brought about the 1888 development of Stewart Terrace , Wardlaw Place , Wardlaw Street , . The tenement flats of Tynecastle Terrace that go halfway to mcleod street built 1898 ( date stone above the bathroom window at the top of the close next door ) one of the last rows of tenements to be built in Gorgie it 's joined onto the oldest row of tenements halfway along the block at Newton St on Gorgie Rd for which there is a date stone '1886 ' if one were to look up . There 's more date stones on three buildings at the junction of Wheatfield St , Gorgie Rd and Wardlaw Place . The south side of Gorgie Road 1887-1899 and north side 1896-1899 west of Newton Street .
although Gorgie , west of Robertson Avenue , did not lose its rural character until the early 1900s .
McVitie & Price Ltd was established in 1830 on Rose Street in Edinburgh . The firm moved to various sites in the city , before completing the St. Andrews Biscuit Works factory on Robertson Avenue in 1888 . Though the factory burned down in 1894 , it was rebuilt the same year . It is one of the claimed sites of where the digestive biscuit was invented . The site was closed in 1969 , when production ceased and operations were transferred to Levenshulme in Manchester , and Harlesden in London . After closure , Ferranti occupied the buildings as an electronics factory until the 1980s .
In 1906 , pharmaceutical research company T & H Smith Ltd moved from Canongate to the district . Now merged with two other Edinburgh-based medical research companies , they form medicinal-opiate producer MacFarlan Smith .
The chemical plant of Cox 's glue and gelatin works , and the Caledonian Brewery also developed in the area .
Places of worship
What is now Gorgie-Dalry Parish Church can be traced back to the Tynecastle church opened in 1891 after several years of outreach by Rev . George Wilson since 1885 ; it is affiliated to the Church of Scotland .
St. Martin of Tours church is in the Anglican Communion
Gorgie Gospel Hall belongs to the Open Brethren Christian tradition .
In 1908 what is now Gorgie Mission Church was opened .
Since 2008 , Destiny Church , Edinburgh has been meeting in the converted former Bingo Hall .
Present
Most of the large industrial works closed from the late-1960s to the mid-1980s , bringing high unemployment to the area . The recent refurbishment of many of the older buildings has brought a more cosmopolitan nature to the district , allowing it to retain several smaller businesses . The area is served by Tynecastle High School .
Gorgie City Farm was established by local people in 1982 on the site of a derelict railway goods yard . Set up as a community project with the aim of improving education in agriculture , horticulture and rural crafts for people living in the area .
In 2012 , Gorgie was the centre of a Legionnaire 's Disease outbreak believed to originate from factory cooling towers in the area .
Representation
The Gorgie area is within the Edinburgh South West constituency for the Westminster Parliament and is represented by the Rt Hon Joanna Cherry MP of the Scottish National Party .
At the Scottish Parliament , the area falls within Edinburgh Central , represented by Angus Robertson MSP of the Scottish National Party .
The area , as part of the Sighthill/Gorgie ward , elects four councillors to the City of Edinburgh Council . The current representation is : Denis Dixon and Catherine Fullerton ( both SNP ) , Donald Wilson ( Scottish Labour Party ) and Ashley Graczyk ( Conservatives ) .
Demographics
Transport
The area was traversed by both the Caledonian Railway and the North British Railway and was served by Gorgie East Station ( named Gorgie Station until 1952 ) on the Edinburgh Suburban and Southside Junction Railway . It was opened on 1 December 1884 and served the area until it was closed in 1962 when passenger rail services were withdrawn from the Edinburgh Suburban line as part of the British Railways rationalisation programme known as the Beeching Axe .
No trace of the station remains but the route continues to be used for freight services to this day , so freight trains avoid Edinburgh 's main stations of and , and occasionally diverted passenger trains also pass along this line .
Future
A local campaigning group , the Capital Rail Action Group ( CRAG ) , ran a campaign for the ESSJR line to be re-opened to passenger services , and proposed that it should be operated either as a commuter rail service or as a light rail system to form an extension of the forthcoming Edinburgh Tram Network . Following a petition submitted to the Scottish Parliament in 2007 , the proposal was rejected in 2009 by transport planners due to anticipated cost .
Heart of Midlothian F.C .
After Heart of Midlothian F.C . was formed in 1874 , the club played at sites in the Meadows , Powburn and Powderhall . Hearts first moved to Gorgie in 1881 . This pitch stood on the site of the present-day Wardlaw Street and Wardlaw Terrace . As this site was then regarded as being `` out of town '' , Hearts would sometimes stage two matches for the price of one , or set an admission price much lower than Edinburgh derby rivals Hibernian . In 1886 , with the city continuing to expand , tenements replaced the old ground and Hearts moved across Gorgie Road to the present site , which was leased from Edinburgh Corporation . They still play today at Tynecastle Park in the Scottish Premiership .
Notable residents
James Lind ( naturalist )
See also
Gorgie-Dalry
References
External links
Bartholomew 's Chronological map of Edinburgh ( 1919 )
Gorgie-Dalry Community Council
Areas of Edinburgh
Bug algorithm is a class of algorithm that helps robots deal with motion planning .
Basic assumptions
The robot is treated as a point inside a 2D world .
The obstacles ( if any ) are unknown and nonconvex .
There are clearly defined starting point and goal .
The robot is able to detect obstacle boundary from a distance of known length .
The robot always knows the direction and how far ( in terms of Euclidean distance ) it is from the goal .
Algorithm
The most basic form of Bug algorithm ( Bug 0 ) is as follows :
The robot moves towards the goal until an obstacle is encountered .
Follow a canonical direction ( clockwise ) until the robot reaches the location of initial encounter with the obstacle ( in short , walking around the obstacle ) .
The robot then follows the obstacle 's boundary to reach the point on the boundary that is closest to the goal .
Go back to step 1 . Repeat this until the goal is reached .
See also
Pathfinding
Motion planning
Reference
Robot kinematics
HM Prison Reading , popularly known as Reading Gaol , is a former prison located in Reading , Berkshire , England . The prison was operated by Their Majesty 's Prison Service until its closure at the start of 2014 . It is a Grade II listed building and sits on the site of Reading Abbey .
History
HM Prison Reading was built in 1844 as the Berkshire County Gaol in the heart of Reading on the site of the former county prison , alongside the ruins of Reading Abbey and beside the River Kennet .
Designed by George Gilbert Scott and William Boynthon Moffatt , it was based on London 's New Model Prison at Pentonville with a cruciform shape , and is a good example of early Victorian prison architecture . The Pentonville Prison design of 1842 was based on the design of Eastern State Penitentiary of 1829 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
It was designed to carry out what was the very latest penal technique of the time , known as the separate system . As a county gaol , its forecourt served as the site for public executions , the first one in 1845 before a crowd of 10,000 ; after 1868 executions took place inside , the last one in 1913 .
It was used to hold Irish prisoners involved in the 1916 Easter Rising , for internment in both World Wars , as a borstal and for a variety of other purposes . Most of those interned during the First World War were of German origin but there were also Latin Americans , Belgians , and Hungarians . In 1969 the wing where the Irish had been held was demolished .
In 1973 Reading was re-designated as a local prison , and around that time its old castle wall was removed . The building was designated as Grade II listed in 1978 . In 1992 it became a Remand Centre and Young Offenders Institution , holding prisoners between the ages of 18 and 21 years .
Accommodation at the prison consisted of a mixture of single and double occupancy cells , on three wings . There was also a residential unit ( Kennet wing ) of single occupancy cells for low-security 'open ' prisoners . There were two education departments at the prison , one run by the Prison service and one by Milton Keynes College . The remand centre library was run by Reading Borough Libraries .
The historic records of the prison are housed at the Berkshire Record Office and are the subject of a project focused on the history of ‘ ordinary ' men in Berkshire charged with indecent assault/gross indecency between 1861-1967 , the Broken Futures project , funded by the National Lottery Heritage Fund and managed and delivered by Support U , the LGBT+ support and wellbeing charity in the Thames Valley .
Closure
On 4 September 2013 it was announced that HM Prison Reading would close by the end of that year , and the prison formally closed in January 2014 under The Closure of Prisons Order 2014 .
There have been calls for the prison building to be preserved as an arts and cultural hub , and Reading Borough Council have confirmed that they would like to retain the complex . In June 2014 it was proposed that the site could be converted into a theatre venue . However , in November 2015 it was announced by Chancellor George Osborne and Justice Secretary Michael Gove that the site was to be sold to housing developers .
In May 2016 it was announced that the former prison would be made available as an arts venue for the Reading 2016 Year of Culture programme . An exhibition curated by Artangel attracted tens of thousands of visitors .
There have been concerted efforts by campaigners wanting a permanent arts and cultural hub at the gaol . These include a petition started by local MP Matt Rodda and the `` Reading Gaol Hug '' in which about 1000 people surrounded the gaol linking hands . However in October 2019 the Ministry of Justice announced that the site was to be sold . A `` March to the Gaol '' scheduled for March 2021 had to be cancelled at the last moment due to the Coronavirus Pandemic .
Reading Borough Council put forward a bid to turn the gaol into an arts and cultural hub . Artisan Real Estate was the successful bidder but in November 2020 it was announced that the sale had fallen through .
Reading Borough Council were then given a period of exclusivity to prepare a new bid for the gaol by mid March 2021
On the night of 28 February 2021 graffiti artist Banksy painted a mural on the wall of the prison depicting a prisoner escaping on a rope made of bedsheets tied to a typewriter , speculated to be a reference to Wilde 's imprisonment . Banksy uploaded a video of the creation titled `` Create Escape '' on 5 March , mixed over a narration by Bob Ross . Damian Jones of NME noted the possible link to the ongoing campaign to save the jail building as an arts hub , and local MP Matt Rodda also expressed the hope that the artwork would become a part of this .
In May 2021 it was announced that Reading Borough Council 's bid for the gaol had been turned down by the Ministry of Justice because the offer of £2.6 million was too low .
Notable former inmates
Oscar Wilde – author of poem The Ballad of Reading Gaol , based on memory of an execution that took place here while they were serving a sentence for homosexual offences ( 1895–1897 )
Charles Thomas Wooldridge – murderer , whose execution inspired Wilde 's poem ( 1896 )
Amelia Dyer – serial killer of children ( 1896 )
Stacy Keach – actor , served six months after being arrested for cocaine smuggling ( 1984 )
Anthony Joshua – professional boxer , spent two weeks in HM Prison Reading ( 2009 )
References
Bibliography
Peter Southerton : Reading Gaol by Reading Town ( Berkshire Books , Gloucs. , 1993 ) .
Anthony Stokes : Pit of Shame , The Real Ballad of Reading Gaol ( Waterside Press , 2007 ) .
External links
History of Reading Prison from theprison.org.uk
Ministry of Justice pages on Reading
Ballad of Reading Gaol Etext
Essay on Wilde and the history of Reading Prison
Prisons in Berkshire
1844 establishments in England
History of Berkshire
2014 disestablishments in England
Reading
Grade II listed buildings in Reading
English Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the language , literature , and culture of the English-speaking world from the Anglo-Saxon to the present day . The editor-in-chief is Chris Loutitt ( Radboud University Nijmegen ) . The journal was established in 1919 and is published by Routledge .
Special edition issues
The journal publishes each year special edition issues that contain articles on curated topics that are relevant to the English writing community .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Arts and Humanities Citation Index , Linguistics and Language Behavior Abstracts , MLA International Bibliography , and Scopus .
References
External links
Area studies journals
Taylor & Francis academic journals
Publications established in 1919
English-language journals
8 times per year journals
Carenum lepidum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1890 .
References
lepidum
Beetles described in 1890
Roger le Rouse was Archdeacon of Totnes during 1297 .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Tacopaya ( from ) is a village in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia . It is the seat of the Tacopaya Municipality , the second municipal section of the Arque Province .
References
www.ine.gov.bo
External links
Map of Arque Province
Populated places in Cochabamba Department
The 1968 Hammersmith Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Hammersmith London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council .
Background
These took place at the height of the unpopularity of the Labour Government . In Hammersmith from 52 Labour , 7 Conservative and 1 Liberal councillors at the commencement of the election the Conservatives , masterminded by John Putnam and Seton Forbes-Cockell ( both of whom were elected Aldermen ) , won in every ward except White City , with two sitting Labour Councillors in Margravine and one in Sherbrooke elected in split votes .
It is generally accepted that the Conservative Party in Hammersmith have never had as talented a group as in 1968 . Of the newly elected councillors David Ashby and Patrick Ground went on to Parliament , Ben Patterson to the European Parliament , Christopher Horne fought and lost twice . Jack Rose , a popular local GP , was for many years the Chairman of the British branch of Gamblers Anonymous . The business experience of Stuart Leishman , Kim Howe , John Akerman , Paul Dwyer , Peter Fane and Sir George Bull , together with the above mentioned Aldermen led to a business renaissance in the borough , which was cut short by Ted Heath 's appalling unpopularity in 1971 , and the excellent organisation of Labour agent Leslie Hilliard CBE , which led to all but two - one of whom Reg Simmerson promptly resigned from the party - being defeated .
Sir Samuel Salmon , the Chairman of J Lyons and Co , then a major local employer , Seton Forbes-Cockell and Gordon Field - the last after an abrasive and divisive election - served as Mayors from 1968-1971 ; William Smith and John Putman subsequently returned to the Council and were also elected Mayors .
Others were not so successful ; bankrupt builder John Duff disappeared within months of the election ; ILEA representative Simon de Voghelaere faced similar financial trouble , and Nick Bryce-Smith subsequently became involved in the Bradstock Insurance scandal .
In April 1987 Joan Caruana , Mayor of Hammersmith , hosted a gathering attended by 44 former members , officers and others connected with the 1968-71 council ; it was the last public appearance of Lord Stewart of Fulham .
Election result
The Conservatives reversed the 1964 result winning 54 of the 60 seats , with 58 % of the votes cast .
Ward results
Addison
Avonmore
Broadway
Brook Green
Colehill
College Park & Old Oak
Coningham
Crabtree
Gibbs Green
Grove
Halford
Margravine
Parsons Green
St Stephen 's
Sandford
Sherbrooke
Starch Green
Sulivan
Town
White City
Wormholt
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
20th century in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
Sikri may refer to :
Sikri , Ballabhgarh , a village in Ballabhgarh tehsil of Faridabad district in Haryana , India
Sikri , St. Kabir Nagar , a village in Uttar Pradesh , India
Sikri , Phagwara , a village in Punjab , India
Fatehpur Sikri , a town in the Agra District of Uttar Pradesh , India .
A farm truck is a vehicle designated for agricultural use , and may include anything from small pick-up trucks or even vehicles fashioned out of old parts , to class 8 eighteen-wheeler trucks . Some states in the United States have a special registration for farm trucks that includes restrictions such as distance the vehicle may travel from the farm .
Asia
In Asia , farm truck generally refers to small four-wheel trucks or transporters many times manufactured in artisanal or small rural and peri-urban workshops ) and in larger factories in developing countries of Asia . They can be classified as an intermediate means of transport . They usually consist of simple rail-type frames , with axles , brakes and steering assemblies cobbled from new or second-hand vehicular spare parts and are generally powered by single-cylinder diesel and petrol engines .
Farm trucks of Thailand
In Thailand , such trucks are known as rot i-taen ( ) . Manufactured as early as the mid-1950s , these artfully painted , polished teak sideboards , Thai farm trucks can be frequently seen in various parts of rural Thailand transporting farm produce , rice threshers , and people . These are not to be confused with the songthaew pickup trucks . The Tallythong factory in Panatnikhom , Chonburi manufactures Superbull farm truck .
Jugaad Trucks of India
Jugaad 's literal meaning in Hindi is `` hack '' . Jugaad could be used as a term for any low-cost vehicle which typically costs under $ 1000.00 . Jugaads are powered by single-cylinder diesel engines originally intended to power agricultural irrigation pumps and can be considered a cost-effective transportation solutions for rural Indians . Although by law they can not be registered and therefore not allowed on the road , they are also rarely regulated as they inexpensively fulfill a very felt need in rural India .
Mini-trucks
Also known as micro-trucks or light commercial vehicle – LCV in India . They are among the smallest class of commercial 4-wheel trucks usually in the 500 kg cargo range and powered by < 20 HP engines . In Japan they are known as Keitora or Kei trucks and produced Mitsubishi- Minicab , Suzuki- Carry and Daihatsu- Hijet . In China they are known as farm trucks and available from such manufacturers as Vantage , DFM , WuLing , Marathon , MAG , etc . Their use in South Asia has spread quickly from urban areas to rural areas for cargo but also as for people carriers . In India these include the Tata Ace , Mahendra Gio , Piaggio Ape .
Further reading
A Not So Quiet Transport Revolution in Bangladesh : : A case study on rural motorized three-wheelers https : //web.archive.org/web/20110727105536/http : //www.naef-nepal.org/IMTs % 20of % 20Bangladesh.pdf
Starkey , Paul , Simon Ellis , John Hine , and Anna Ternell ( 2002 ) . Improving Rural Mobility : Options for Developing Motorized and Nonmotorized Transport in Rural Areas . World Bank Technical Papers No 525 . Washington , World Bank .
Innovation and a Global Knowledge Economy in India , Thomas Birtchnell , a lecturer of Sustainable Communities at University of Wollongong , Australia
Trucks
The List of historic monuments protected in 1840 is a list of the historic monuments of France created in 1840 by the French Commission for Historical Monuments ( Commission des monuments historiques ) . It was the first protection of this type in the country .
In 1837 , following the request of Prosper Mérimée , then inspector general of historical monuments , the prefects received a circular asking them to draw up a list of the monuments in their department whose restoration they considered to be a priority , by classifying them in order of importance . The Commission for Historical Monuments was then responsible for classifying all the lists : in 1840 , this request resulted in a list of a thousand monuments `` for which relief has been requested '' and therefore require work ( and therefore funds ) , to be preserved . This was the first list of its kind in France .
The monuments concerned are for the most part public ( belonging to the State , the municipality , or the department ) . The list contains both buildings ( churches , castles , etc . ) and objects ( stained-glass windows , etc. ) . In total , it has 1,082 entries , including 934 buildings .
List of monuments
References
Monuments historiques of France
Heritage registers in France
Historic
David Hosking is a British lightweight rower . They won a gold medal at the 1980 World Rowing Championships in Hazewinkel with the lightweight men 's eight .
Hosking studied at Durham University and joined the Royal Navy following graduation . They are the father of Sophie Hosking .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Alumni of Grey College , Durham
Durham University Boat Club rowers
Living people
The Chelembron system was a magazine system used for flintlock repeating rifles that originated around 1668 . While the invention of the system is attributed to Michele Lorenzoni , the system is named after French gun-makers who made many guns in India using the system . The basis of the Chelembron system is a barrel , as well as magazines , that rotate around a central axis , and are turned to load first powder and then ball into the breech . Weapons of the system carry 20 rounds .
Origin and manufacture
The earliest known weapon that uses the Chelembron system , dated 1668 , was signed by T. Lefer Avalenza . Chelembron made multiple rifles using the system in India in the second half of the 18th century . A magazine gun that belonged to George III also bears the name `` Chalembrom '' . In 1779 , a former French soldier named Claude Martin , was given the position of Superintendent of Artillery and Arsenals to the Nawab of Oudh . While Claude held this position , many impressive weapons were made at the Lucknow Arsenal . At least one gun made here , which bears both their name and the name of the arsenal , uses the Chelembron system . A Chelembron gun manufactured in 1785 is heavily damaged , and appears to have been retrieved from a battlefield . Pistols using the system were also made , with a pair being manufactured around 1800 .
Mechanics
Separate tubular magazines containing powder and ball sit under the barrel . To reload the weapon , the gun is pointed upwards , the release trigger is depressed , and the barrel can be rotated , causing the attached magazines to rotate over the breech , which deposits a load of powder , and primes the pan . At the same time , the cock is rotated to the firing position and the pan is closed . This movement of the magazines also causes a ball to drop into a compartment in the rear section of the gun , which is then pushed into the rear of the barrel by a plunger . The breech and ball-plunger compartments are separate fixed chambers attached to the stock and lock part of the weapon .
Reference section
External links
Video of a Chelembron-type gun that shows how the action is operated
Flintlock repeaters
Rifles of France
Rifles of Italy
Kathleen Staudt ( born September 8 , 1946 ) is a former professor of political science at the University of Texas at El Paso , where they held an endowed professorship for western hemispheric trade policy studies . Them courses focused on topics such as public policy , borders , democracy , leadership and civic engagement , and women and politics . After retiring on September 1 , 2017 , they became Professor Emerita .
They have published journal articles , book chapters , and complete books . These primarily focus on border studies , women/gender in international development , immigration , university-community partnership engagement , education , and violence . Nine of their eighteen books focus on the border between Mexico and the United States , including Violence and Activism at the Border ( University of Texas Press , 2008 ) .
Education
Staudt obtained their B.A . in political science at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee in 1971 . They obtained a PhD in political science from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1976 .
Career
Following the completion of their doctorate , Staudt moved to the University of Texas at El Paso in 1977 . In the early 1980s , they were the coordinator of the Women 's Studies Program there . Between 1998 and 2008 , they founded and directed the Center for Civic Engagement . They have also worked extensively with the United Nations . This has included UNRISD on multilateral and bilateral technical assistance strategies to mainstream women , the UN Division for the Advancement of Women on `` Technical Assistance and Mainstreaming Women '' ( 1995 ) and `` Equality in High-Level Political Decision Making '' ( 1989 ) , and the UN Development Programme , Background Paper , `` Political Representation : Engendering Democracy '' ( 1995 ) .
Selected books
Agricultural Policy Implementation . Kumarian Press , 1985 .
Women , Foreign Assistance , and Advocacy Administration . 1985 .
Managing Development : State , Society , and International Contexts . 1991 .
Political Science and Feminisms : Integration or Transformation ? 1997 .
Free Trade ? : Informal Economies at the U.S.-Mexico Border . Temple University Press . 1998 .
Policy , Politics and Gender : Women Gaining Ground . 1998 .
Fronteras No Mas : Toward Social Justice at the U.S.-Mexico Border . 2002 .
Violence and Activism at the Border : Gender , Fear , and Everyday Life in Ciudad Juárez . 2008 .
Courage , Resistance , and Women in Ciudad Juárez : Challenges to Militarization . Kathleen Staudt and Zulma Y. Mundez , 2015 .
Border Politics in a Global Era , , Kathleen Staudt , 2017 . Rowman & Littlefield .
References
External links
American women political scientists
American political scientists
University of Texas at El Paso faculty
Living people
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
1946 births
American women academics
21st-century American women
Monte Caucaso is a mountain in Liguria , northern Italy , part of the Ligurian Apennines . It is located in the province of Genoa . It lies at an altitude of 1245 metres .
Nature conservation
The mountain and its surrounding area are included in a SIC ( Site of Community Importance ) called Monte Caucaso ( code IT1331811 ) .
References
Mountains of Liguria
Natura 2000 in Italy
One-thousanders of Italy
Mountains of the Apennines
Santa Rosa Island may refer to :
Santa Rosa Island ( California ) , one of the Channel Islands
Santa Rosa Island ( Florida )
Battle of Santa Rosa Island , a battle of the American Civil War
The Homs revolts of 854–855 were a series of armed uprisings that took place in Homs in northern Syria . During the autumns of both 854 and 855 the city 's inhabitants attempted to rebel against local government officials , resulting in both instances in several fatalities and necessitating the intervention of the Abbasid central government in response . The second revolt also resulted in the promulgation of a number of anti-Christian edicts due to the participation of a portion of the city 's Christians in the incident .
Background
In the early Islamic period , Homs ( in Arabic : Ḥimṣ ) was one of the chief cities of the province of Syria , being the capital of one of its five military districts during the era of the Umayyad Caliphate ( 661–750 ) . After the Syrian-based Umayyads were replaced by the Iraq-centric Abbasids , however , the city entered a turbulent period , in which tribal factionalism and the ambitions of the local ashraf triggered regular outbreaks of disorder . Beginning in the reign of Harun al-Rashid ( 786–809 ) , the central government was compelled to send numerous punitive expeditions against Homs and its vicinity , and the city 's reputation for rebellion became even greater following the end of the Fourth Civil War in Syria ( c. 825 ) . As a result of these activities , the city gradually became known as the dominant arena for unrest in the region , a status which peaked in the middle of the ninth century .
Events of 854
The first revolt occurred in October-November 854 , when the city inhabitants rose up and attacked the chief of security police Abu al-Mughith Musa ibn Ibrahim . According to the chronicler al-Tabari , the unrest had been provoked by Abu al-Mughith 's killing of one of the local city leaders , although the reason for this act is not known . In the resulting fighting , several of Abu al-Mughith 's men were killed and they were forced to flee to Hama , while the supervisor of taxation was also expelled from the city .
Upon learning what had transpired , the caliph al-Mutawakkil dispatched Attab ibn Attab al-Qaid and Muhammad ibn Abdawayh to the city . Attab was instructed by the caliph to present Ibn Abdawayh to the Homsis , offering them as a replacement to Abu al-Mughith ; if they however refused the choice and continued to resist , they were to request that troops be sent against the city . In the end the inhabitants agreed to the offer , allowing Ibn Abdawayh to establish themselves in Homs and assume Abu al-Mughith 's former position there .
Events of 855
Twelve months after the first revolt , a second rebellion broke out in Homs , this time directed against Ibn Abdawayh . On this occasion some of the city 's Christians became involved in the unrest , with several supporting the rebel cause . No reasons are specified by the sources for this round of violence , although grievances regarding taxation may have been a factor .
The government response to the revolt was swift . Ibn Abdawayh sent a report about the incident to al-Mutawakkil , who responded by instructing them to resist the rioters . Reinforcements soon arrived from Damascus , whose garrison and governor Salih al-Abbasi had been ordered by the caliph to assist Ibn Abdawayh , as well as from the troops at Ramla in Palestine . Bolstered by this support , the governor was able to defeat the revolt , and several of its leaders were soon placed into custody .
Following this second incident of hostilities , al-Mutawakkil decided to punish the city residents by making a public example out of their leaders . Ibn Abdawayh was ordered to flog three of the local chiefs to death and crucify their bodies in front of their residences , while twenty more individuals were to each receive thirty lashes and then be sent to the Abbasid capital , Samarra . Ten notables were subsequently returned by the caliph back to Homs , where they were whipped to death and their bodies hanged upon the city gate . One rebel who was captured after the initial bout of violence had subsided was flogged until they died , and their body was suspended on a cross at a nearby fortress .
In retaliation for their involvement in the rebellion , the city 's Christians were also subjected to a number of punitive measures . Al-Mutawakkil ordered the governor to expel the entire Christian population from the city , and any Christian found in Homs after three days ' time was to be harshly treated . All churches and places of worship in the city were to be destroyed , while a Christian building located next to the mosque was to be annexed to the latter .
Aftermath
As a reward for their role in suppressing the second revolt , Ibn Abdawayh and their officers received a sizable monetary sum from the caliph , as well as gifts and robes of honor .
The orders regarding Homs ' Christians came on the heels of previous anti-dhimmi regulations issued by al-Mutawakkil in 850 and 853 , which had placed various restrictions on non-Muslims throughout the empire . To what extent these orders were actually enforced , however , is not clear , and the main church of Homs is known to have still been extant in the following centuries .
Homs was the scene of further revolts in 862 and 864 , in the course of which one governor , Kaydar ibn Abdallah al-Ushrusani , was expelled and a second , al-Fadl ibn Qarin al-Tabari , was killed . The city subsequently drifted out of Abbasid control in 878 , when Syria was annexed by the Tulunid emir Ahmad ibn Tulun .
Notes
References
854
855
850s conflicts
Battles involving the Abbasid Caliphate
9th century in the Abbasid Caliphate
History of Homs Governorate
Syria under the Abbasid Caliphate
Persecution of Christians by Muslims
Live Without a Net is a science fiction anthology edited by Lou Anders , published by Roc in 2003 . It included works by Stephen Baxter , David Brin , Paul Di Filippo , Mike Resnick & Kay Kenyon , Rudy Rucker , S. M. Stirling , and Michael Swanwick .
In an interview with Rick Kleffel , Anders noted part of their motivation for the anthology :
`` I was reacting to what I felt was a preponderance of post-cyberpunk in American science fiction in the year 2000 . The anthology was a deliberate attempt to counter that trend in some small and useful way . ''
External links
About Live Without a Net
References
Science fiction anthologies
2003 anthologies
Steve Grace is an Australian country rock and gospel singer-songwriter and musician . Their 1998 single `` Big Dreams '' from their album , Children of the Western World ( 1988 ) , reached No . 1 on the US Billboard Gospel Charts . Children of the Western World was certified gold by Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) in 1999 and was the first Christian music album to be released on compact disc in Australia . In 1996 Grace won a Dove Award for International Artist of the Year . In 2009 they performed in Papua New Guinea with Darlene Zschech and Hillsong United for the Joyce Meyer Crusade , which broke the record for the largest outdoor event held in Port Moresby with over 100,000 people in attendance .
Biography
Steve Grace 's debut album , Children of the Western World ( 1988 ) , was recorded at Sing Sing Studios with Beeb Birtles producing for Triune Music/Word Australia . The title track was co-written by Grace with Birtles and Craig Ross . It was the first Christian music album on CD in Australia , and was certified gold in 1999 for shipment of 35000 copies by Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) .
In January 1998 Grace performed at a concert headlined by the United States evangelist , Franklin Graham , at Football Park , Adelaide . In August of that year the correspondent of Victor Harbor Times observed , `` [ Grace ] has built up a network of contacts throughout the country through their tours . Local television and radio stations , newspapers , churches and schools all become involved in their concerts . [ His ] down-to-earth style of presenting the gospel of Jesus has been extremely effective . ''
Discography
Studio albums
Children of the Western World ( 1988 ) – Triune Music/Word Australia ( SGR 0001 ) - ARIA : Gold
Liberty Road ( 1992 ) – Heartland Records ( HRCAS1107-4 )
Long Road to Glory ( 1996 )
Follow ( 2001 )
New Day Coming ( 2004 )
Better Days Ahead ( 2007 )
Heritage ( 2009 )
Heritage II ( 2011 ) – World Missions International
Everytown ( 2012 )
Nullarbor to Nashville ( 2016 )
Live albums
One Night in a Million ( 1991 )
As Far as It Goes ( 1997 )
Live in Melbourne ( 2014 )
References
Australian country singers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Australian performers of Christian music
Living people
District 46 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes a portion of Multnomah County . The current representative for the district is Democrat Khanh Pham of Portland .
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time , therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Multnomah County , Oregon
The Lloyd Erskine Sandiford Centre ( formerly known as the Sherbourne Conference Centre ) is a conference centre facility on the Caribbean island of Barbados . Owned by the government of Barbados and managed by the government agency Barbados Conference Services Limited ( BCSL ) , the Lloyd Erskine Sandiford Centre is just outside the capital city of Bridgetown , in St. Michael .
Facility
First opened in 1994 , the building contains a total of over of meeting space and is made up of space which may be subdivided for smaller events of between 50 and 1200 persons ( theatre style ) .
When first constructed the building was considered too large by members of the opposition and construction on back portion of the facility halted just after a change in government . Many Calypsonians sung about the side of the facility ( which contained a planned performing arts centre ) as being `` unfinished '' or stating the facility had its `` backside exposed '' . After a change in government in 2008 , the semi-completed ~15-year-old auditorium was torn down to make way for office space and a carpark instead . This action was much to the condemnation of the former prime minister that spearheaded it , Sir Lloyd Erskine Sandiford .
Annual events
Barbados Manufacturers ' Exhibition ( BMEX )
Caribbean Consumer Conference
Home Show
Past major events
The UN Global Conference on Sustainable Development for Small Island States
The Caribbean Tourism Conference ( CTC-20 )
The CARICOM Heads of Government Conference
The US-CARICOM summit between US president Bill Clinton and the CARICOM heads of government
Organization of American States ( OAS )
The UN World Conference Against Racism - African and African Descendants World Conference Against Racism .
2020 State Opening of second session of Parliament .
UNCTAD-15 ( 2021 )
Awards
2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , 2008 , 2009 - The `` Caribbean 's Leading Conference Centre '' - by the World Travel Awards
Naming
On 24 October 2008 , the facility 's original name of Sherbourne Conference Centre was changed to its present name in honour of Lloyd Erskine Sandiford , a former prime minister of Barbados .
Notes
References
External links
1994 establishments in Barbados
Buildings and structures completed in 1994
Convention centres in Barbados
Event venues established in 1994
Saint Michael , Barbados
Tourism in Barbados
Tourist attractions in Barbados
The 2013 FIBA Americas Championship for Men , later known as the FIBA AmeriCup , was the qualifying tournament for FIBA Americas , for the 2014 FIBA World Cup , in Spain . This FIBA AmeriCup tournament was held in Caracas , Venezuela , from August 30 , to September 11 , 2013 . The top four teams qualified for the 2014 FIBA World Cup .
Mexico defeated Puerto Rico , in the final , to win their first AmeriCup title .
Qualification
Central American and Caribbean Sub-Zone ( 2012 Centrobasket ) :
North American Sub-Zone :
South American Sub-Zone ( South American Basketball Championship 2012 ) :
Draw
The draw was held at the Catia Theatre in Caracas on February 28 . This was how the teams were seeded :
As hosts , Venezuela picked first the group that they played at , and their final opponent in the preliminary round . Included are the last published FIBA World Rankings prior to the draw .
Format
The ten teams were split into two groups . The best four teams of each group advanced to the second round , where the teams played against the four teams from the other group ; each team carried over all points earned during the first round , except for those earned in the match against the team that was eliminated . The best four teams of this group advanced to the semifinals and were qualified for the 2014 FIBA World Cup . The United States , which won the Olympic Gold Medal in 2012 , automatically qualified for the 2014 FIBA World Cup and chose not to participate in the 2013 Americas Championship . Originally , Panama were supposed to compete but was replaced by Mexico after FIBA implemented a suspension on the Panamanian Basketball Federation . Mexico was chosen as the next highest placed finisher in Panama 's subcategory ( COCABA ) at the 2012 Centrobasket tournament .
Squads
Preliminary round
Group A
In Group A , team Puerto Rico secured their first round undefeated , as well as narrowly clinching their win against surprising newcomer Jamaica 88–82 , while Canada and Uruguay also secured their place for the second round . Brazil lost all four games for the first time .
| }
Group B
Hosts Venezuela lost their first two games against surprising Mexico and Argentina , but managed to win two other games to advance the second round , despite having two losses in the game . The Mexican team lost their three-win streak to the Argentine basketball team , while Paraguay 's poor efforts prevented them from winning a single game since their recent game in 2010 .
| }
Second round
Puerto Rico narrowly clinched their place for the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup against surprising hosts Venezuela in an 85–86 thriller of an overtime match . Meanwhile , upstart Mexico also clinched their position for the World Cup from their performance , while the Dominican Republic and Argentina also secured their place for the World Cup . Despite the efforts , the Canadian team were unable to put up a defensive and offensive play , thus eliminating the team for the second time since 2011 . Newcomers Jamaica was also eliminated , despite winning against the Argentine team , whereas Uruguay were unable to make their debut for the Championship round , losing half of the matches throughout the Second Round .
| }
Final round
Semifinals
Mexico avenged their first-round loss to world third-ranked Argentina , becoming the first team to advance to the final round . Meanwhile , Puerto Rico avenged their second-round loss against the Dominican team to secure their place in the final match against Mexico .
Third place match
Final
Awards
All-Tournament Team
PG – Facundo Campazzo
SG – J. J. Barea
SF – Renaldo Balkman
PF – Luis Scola
C – Gustavo Ayón ( MVP )
Final ranking
Statistical leaders
Points
Rebounds
Assists
Blocks
Steals
FIBA broadcasting rights
References
External links
FIBA AmeriCup
2013–14 in North American basketball
2013–14 in South American basketball
2013 in Venezuelan sport
International basketball competitions hosted by Venezuela
Tamika Domrow ( born 6 September 1989 ) is an Australian synchronized swimmer . They competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics , where their team finished seventh and the 2012 Summer Olympics , where Australia finished in eighth .
Personal
Domrow was born on 6 September 1989 in Brisbane and is from Camp Mountain . They attended Samford State School and St Paul 's School , Bald Hills . They have a Certificate in Companion Animal Services . , they live in Brisbane and works for Samford Pet Resort as an apprentice kennel technician . Them employer accommodated their training schedule .
Domrow is tall , weighs and is right handed .
Tamika is married to Mathew Glover .
Synchronized swimming
Domrow is a synchronized swimmer , taking up the sport at the Valley Pool in Brisbane when they were ten years old . In 2008 , they were a member of Neptunes Synchronised Swimming Club . a member of the Gold Coast Mermaids . They were coached by Mike Burgess . Them former coach died in July 2008 , not long before the 2008 Games . They have been coached by Marina Kholod since 2005 .
Domrow broke into Australia 's senior national team when they were fifteen years old . In 2007 , they competed at the FINA world championships in the team event . The ten-person team was the first Australian one to make it in the finals for the synchronised swimming free combination routine .
Domrow competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics as an eighteen-year-old . Them team came in seventh . Prior to going to Beijing , they participated in a ten-day training camp at the Melbourne Sports and Aquatic Centre . Following the Beijing Games , they retired from the sport for eighteen months .
Domrow and Jenny-Lyn Anderson competed in the Open Free Duet at the 2011 National Championships , coming away with a fourth-place finish . In 2012 , they competed with the national team at events in Perth , Spain and New Caledonia .
Domrow was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in synchronized swimming . They qualified for the Olympics as a member of the national team at the 2011 World Championships in Shanghai . At their second Games , they will be twenty-two years old . In preparation for the Games , they spent up to nine hours a day in the pool .
References
Living people
1989 births
Australian synchronised swimmers
Olympic synchronised swimmers of Australia
Synchronized swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Synchronized swimmers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Neuschönau is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau , in the Lower Bavaria region of Bavaria , in Germany .
Points of interest
Botanischer Garten der Nationalpark Bayerischer Wald — botanical garden .
Lusen National Park Centre
Baumwipfelpfad Neuschönau — tall contemporary wooden tower , with a spiral ramp for treetop walking .
Hans-Eisenmann-Haus — visitor centre .
Gallery
References
Freyung-Grafenau
The Thousand Plane Raid ( also known as The One Thousand Plane Raid ) is a 1969 DeLuxe Color film directed by Boris Sagal and starring Christopher George and Laraine Stephens . Although claimed to be derived from Ralph Barker 's The Thousand Plane Raid ( also published as The Thousand Plan : the Story of the First Thousand Bomber Raids on Cologne ) , the storyline of the film inaccurately portrays the first raid as an 8th Air Force mission while the actual attack was undertaken by 1,047 Royal Air Force bombers against the city of Cologne , Germany in May 1942 .
Plot
In 1943 , Colonel Greg Brandon ( Christopher George ) , stationed at a United States Army Air Forces 8th Air Force , 103rd Bomb Group base in England , attempts to persuade superiors that a massive , co-ordinated daylight bombing raid will hasten the end of World War II . In spite of the mission 's extreme difficulty and risk , their plan is eventually put into effect against a vital enemy aircraft factory in central Germany .
Brandon has never been popular with their men , many of whom feel they drive them too hard . During preparation for the raid , Brandon alienates them further by insisting that they step up their training . They have disdain for cautious young flyer Lieutenant Archer ( Ben Murphy ) , who they suspect of being a coward . An RAF Wing Commander Trafton Howard ( Gary Marshal ) has been assigned to Brandon 's base to teach the squadron combat tactics . Brandon starts out resenting Howard 's brash manner , and things get worse between them when Howard takes Archer on an unauthorized flying lesson . As the date draws closer Brandon further antagonizes their associates , as well as their girlfriend , WAC Lieutenant Gabrielle Ames ( Laraine Stephens ) .
The raid 's prospects seem dim when it is revealed that the Germans know some , and possibly all , of its important details . Nevertheless , it is scheduled to go ahead as planned . On the morning of the mission Brandon 's plane crashes , and Brandon is forced to board a bomber manned by Archer and Howard . During the raid , in combat over the target area , Brandon is impressed by Archer 's piloting skills and Howard 's judgment . On their return to base Brandon is told that the raid 's target has been totally destroyed , and that allied losses were considerably less than anticipated .
Cast
Christopher George as Colonel Greg Brandon
Laraine Stephens as Lieutenant Gabrielle `` Gabby '' Ames
J. D. Cannon as General Cotten Palmer
Gary Marshal as Wing Commander `` Taffy '' Howard
Michael Evans as Group Commander Leslie Hardwicke
Gavin MacLeod as Sergeant Kruger
Noam Pitlik as Lieutenant Jacoby
Ben Murphy as Lieutenant Harvey Archer
Bo Hopkins as Captain Douglass ( in their screen debut )
Tim McIntire as Lieutenant Quimby
Scott Thomas as Lieutenant Richman
John Carter as Middleton
James Gammon as Major Varga
Charles Dierkop as Railla
Henry Jaglom as Worchek
Production
The film was based on Ralph Baker 's book of the same name which was published in 1966 .
The film was made for the Mirisch Corporation . Shooting started 16 January 1968 . The Mirisch Corporation signed George to a five-picture contract .
The film was shot in a budget-conscious manner . The main sets were in Santa Maria , California , and principal photography took place in winter 1968 . The local village and airport realistically portrayed a typical British wartime base . Period-style maintenance shops , an operations center and a wartime-style control tower were added to re-create the fictional Steeple Bassington base . Additional studio work was completed at the Samuel Goldwyn Studios in Hollywood .
Aerial sequences included a mix of stock wartime footage , including the Memphis Belle : A Story of a Flying Fortress ( 1944 ) , some of it colorized to match original footage . The air-boss was legendary Hollywood stunt pilot Frank Tallman , but the most spectacular scene was a low-flying B-17 scene flown by Don Lykins . Another crash scene was taken from Twelve O'Clock High , the famous crash-landing carried out by Paul Mantz , another of Hollywood 's leading stunt pilots , and Tallman 's one-time partner in Tallmantz Aviation , before their death in 1965 . Three Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress bombers ( DB-17P 44-83684 [ N3713G ] from The Air Museum at Ontario , California , DB-17P 44-83525 [ N83525 ] , from Tallmantz Aviation at Santa Ana , California , and B-17F 42-29782 [ N17W ] ) from Aircraft Specialties at Mesa , Arizona , were used in the production .
Reception
Critical reviews commented on the `` stereotyped adventure yarn '' aspect of the production while noting that the aerial footage was often exciting .
The film was not a success at the box office .
See also
List of American films of 1969
References
Notes
Bibliography
Dolan Edward F. Jr. Hollywood Goes to War . London : Bison Books , 1985. .
Evans , Alun . Brassey 's Guide to War Films . Dulles , Virginia : Potomac Books , 2000. .
Harwick , Jack and Ed Schnepf . `` A Viewer 's Guide to Aviation Movies '' . The Making of the Great Aviation Films , General Aviation Series , Volume 2 , 1989 .
Orriss , Bruce . When Hollywood Ruled the Skies : The Aviation Film Classics of World War II . Hawthorne , California : Aero Associates Inc. , 1984. .
External links
The Thousand Plane Raid ( 1969 ) at the Internet Movie Plane Database
The Thousand Plane Raid ( 1969 ) at Rotten Tomatoes
The Thousand Plane Raid ( 1969 ) - Trailer on YouTube
1969 films
1969 war films
American aviation films
American war films
1960s English-language films
Films about the United States Army Air Forces
Films based on non-fiction books
Films directed by Boris Sagal
Films scored by Jimmie Haskell
United Artists films
World War II aviation films
1960s American films
Moydow ( ) is a barony in County Longford , Republic of Ireland .
Etymology
Moydow barony takes its name from the village of Moydow ( from Irish Maigh Dumha , `` plain of the mound '' ) .
Location
Moydow barony is located in central County Longford , stretching from the River Shannon to Richmount Hill .
History
Anciently Moydow barony was part of a territory known as Tethbae . The barony was formed from the territories of Clanawlye ( Ardagh & Moydow ) , and parts of the territories of Moybrawne ( Taghshinny parish ) , Clanconnor ( part Kilcommock , part Cashel parishes ) and Muintergalgan .
List of settlements
Below is a list of settlements in Moydow barony :
Keenagh ( northern part )
Killashee
Moydow
References
Baronies of County Longford
36.5 °C is the 14th studio album by a Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima , released in November 1986 .
Track listing
Personnel
Miyuki Nakajima – Lead and backing vocals , acoustic guitar
Masaki Matsubara – Guitar
Kenji Kitajima – Guitar
Fujimal Yoshino – Guitar
Tsugutoshi Goto – Bass guitar
Chiharu Mikuzuki – Bass guitar
Akira Okazawa – Bass guitar
Kouki Ito – Bass guitar
Ichiro Tanaka – Sampling guitar
Eve – Backing vocals
Kazuyo Sugimoto – Backing vocals
Kiyoshi Hiyama – Backing vocals
Yasuhiro Kido – Backing vocals
Stevie Wonder – Synthesizer
Tadashi Nanba – Synthesizer
Hidetoshi Yamada – Synthesizer
Eiji Segawa – Synthesizer
Katsuhiko Kamitsuna – Synthesizer
Elton Nagata – Synthesizer
Nobuo Kurata – Acoustic piano
Hal-Oh Togashi – Electric piano
Joe Hisaishi – Synthesizer programming , sequencer programming and drum machine programming
Kazuo Shiina – Synthesizer programming , sequencer programming and drum machine programming
Motoki Funayama – Synthesizer programming , sequencer programming and drum machine programming
Yasuko Fukuoka – Synthesizer programming , sequencer programming
Hideki Matsutake – Synthesizer programming
Hiroshi Sukegawa – Synthesizer programming
Masato Kawai – Synthesizer Programming
Motoya Hamaguchi – Percussion
Yutaka Uehara – Drums
Hideo Yamaki – Drums
Yuichi Tokashiki – Drums
Jun Aoyama – Drums
Jake H. Concepcion – Alto sax , soprano sax
Kiyoshi Saito – Alto sax
Chart positions
References
1986 albums
Miyuki Nakajima albums
Pony Canyon albums
Nicola Vasile ( born 15 December 1984 ) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a midfielder .
Honours
Sportul Studențesc București
Divizia B : 2003–04
References
External links
Nicola Vasile at Labtof.ro
1984 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
Liga II players
FC Sportul Studențesc București players
Footballers from Bucharest
Koparion is a genus of small coelurosaurian theropod dinosaurs ( probably troodontids ) , from the late Jurassic Period ( Kimmeridgian stage ) , of Utah . It contains the single named species Koparion douglassi which is known only from a single isolated tooth .
Discovery
In 1993 , Daniel Chure and Brooks Britt reported the discovery of small theropod remains , found by screenwashing large amounts of earth in the Rainbow Park near Dinosaur National Monument in Uintah County , Utah . In 1994 , Chure named and described a unique tooth as the type specimen of the new species Koparion douglassi . The generic name Koparion comes from the Ancient Greek κοπάριον , `` small surgical knife '' , in reference to the small size of the tooth . The specific name honors Earl Douglass , who , in the early twentieth century , excavated the Dinosaur National Monument quarry .
The holotype specimen , DINO 3353 , was found in the Brushy Basin Member of the Morrison Formation dating from the late Kimmeridgian , about 151 million years old . The taxon is thus present in stratigraphic zone 6 of the Morrison Formation . The specimen consists of a single maxillary ( upper cheek ) tooth crown ( the root is missing ) . It can not be determined whether it represents a left or a right tooth .
Description
The tooth is two millimeters tall and very recurved , with a strongly convex front edge and a nearly vertical back edge . The tooth is stout , with a maximum fore-aft length of 1.9 millimeters . Both edges are serrated , showing low rectangular denticles ( individual serrations ) . The twelve denticles on the rear edge are much higher than the fourteen on the front edge , which cover only the nearly horizontal upper part of the front edge . The tooth base , though very wide , is constricted . The base is asymmetrical , with the right side in front view protruding much further than the left side ; because it is not known whether it is a left or right tooth , it can not be established what is the inner and what the outer side . The denticles are separated by `` blood grooves '' , and `` blood pits '' are also present . The back denticles point obliquely upwards but have no hooked upper corners .
Classification
Chure assigned Koparion to the Troodontidae based on the anatomy of the tooth . At that time , it was the oldest known troodontid , and is the first of that group discovered from the Jurassic . A troodontid presence in the Jurassic was predicted by the standard theory regarding the origin of birds , claiming that birds and troodontids are closely related ( Chure suggested that they may even have been sister taxa , though this is not currently supported ) . Within this context , Koparion could be used to refute the temporal paradox argument , that such a close relationship were unlikely because the then oldest known bird , Archaeopteryx , lived much earlier than the Deinonychosauria , i.e . the Troodontidae and the Dromaeosauridae ; later also non-fragmentary Jurassic troodontid material was reported , from China .
See also
List of dinosaurs
Hesperornithoides - Another troodontid reported from the Jurassic .
Timeline of troodontid research
References
Late Jurassic dinosaurs of North America
Troodontids
Dinosaurs of the Morrison Formation
Fossil taxa described in 1994
Paleontology in Utah
Patriarch Raphaël Bedros XXI Minassian , I.C.P.B . ( ; born 24 November 1946 ) is a Lebanese-born hierarch who serves as the 21st patriarch of the Armenian Catholic Church . They previously served as ordinary of the Ordinariate for Catholics of Armenian Rite in Eastern Europe , which covers Armenia , Georgia , Russia , and Ukraine , from 24 June 2011 to 23 September 2021 and as a Patriarchal Exarch of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchal Exarchate of Jerusalem and Amman from 26 September 2005 to 24 June 2011 .
Life
Raphaël François Minassian was born in Beirut , Lebanon on 24 November 1946 . After the primary school education , they joined the Minor seminary of the Patriarchal Congregation of Bzommar in 1958 , where they later made a profession . After that , they continued to study in Rome at the Pontifical Levonian Armenian College . They studied at the Pontifical Gregorian University , earning a licentiate in philosophy and theology , and at the Salesian Pontifical University , where they earned a degree in the practical psychology . They were ordained a priest on 24 June 1973 .
They then worked in various Armenian Catholic institutions in Lebanon and in the United States and at the same time performed pastoral work for the Armenian Catholics . On 26 September 2005 , they were appointed Patriarchal Exarch of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchal Exarchate of Jerusalem and Amman , where they served almost six years .
On 24 June 2011 , Pope Benedict XVI appointed Minassian ordinary of the Ordinariate for Catholics of Armenian Rite in Eastern Europe . They received their episcopal consecration on 16 July from Patriarch Nerses Bedros XIX Tarmouni , the Head of the Armenian Catholic Church .
On 23 September 2021 , they were elected as the church 's 21st patriarch and took the name Raphaël Bedros XXI Minassian . They were enthroned as Catholicos Patriarch of Cilicia of Armenian Catholics on 24 October 2021 in Armenian Catholic Cathedral of Saint Elias and Saint Gregory the Illuminator in Beirut .
See also
List of Armenian Catholic patriarchs of Cilicia
References
1946 births
Living people
Religious leaders from Beirut
Members of the Patriarchal Congregation of Bzommar
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
Salesian Pontifical University alumni
Armenian Catholic bishops
Lebanese people of Armenian descent
21st-century Eastern Catholic bishops
Armenian Catholic Patriarchs of Cilicia
The Sunland Park Oaks ( formerly the WinStar Oaks ) is an American Thoroughbred horse race open to three-year-old fillies and mares willing to race one and one-sixteenth miles on the dirt . The Oaks , an ungraded stakes event , are held in March at Sunland Park Racetrack & Casino ( founded in 1959 ) in New Mexico .
Once sponsored by WinStar Farm in Kentucky where Distorted Humor and Tiznow stand , the race offers a purse of $ 200,000 . Begun as a one and one sixteenth mile race , then taken down to a mile , it is now back to one and one-sixteenth .
Since 2013 , the Oaks has been part of the Road to the Kentucky Oaks , a series of races through which fillies qualify for the Kentucky Oaks .
The race was not run in 2016 due to an outbreak of equine herpesvirus .
National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame jockey Jerry Bailey and Mike E. Smith , as well as jockeys Patrick Valenzuela and Cash Asmussen , all began their careers at Sunland Park .
Records
Speed record :
1:41.06 @ 1 1/16 miles : Midnight Lucky ( 2013 ) ( new track record )
Most wins by a jockey :
4 - Victor Espinoza ( 2006 , 2007 , 2009 , 2015 )
Most wins by a trainer :
8 - Bob Baffert ( 2007 , 2009 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , 2019 )
Most wins by an owner :
2 - Karl Watson , Paul Weitman ( 2007 , 2013 )
2 - Peachtree Stable ( 2011 , 2012 )
Winners
See also
Road to the Kentucky Oaks
References
External links
Sunland Park
Ungraded stakes races in the United States
Horse races in New Mexico
Flat horse races for three-year-old fillies
Sunland Park Racetrack & Casino
Harjaee ( meaning disloyal , unfaithful ) is a 1981 Indian Bollywood film directed by Ramesh Behl . It stars Shammi Kapoor , Mala Sinha , Randhir Kapoor and Tina Munim in pivotal roles .
Ajay Nath comes from a wealthy family , and is prone to playing practical jokes and pranks in order to get their way with this mother and father . In one case they asked one of their family doctors , Dr. Panjabi , to lie to their dad that they have cancer , so that they can accompany their college friends to an outing to Kashmir . They fall in love with fellow collegian Geeta Chopra , who is in love with Shyam . But Ajay 's dad , fooled by their illness convinces them to be kind to him , and they become friendly with Ajay , both eventually fall in love with each other and want to get married . Then their family gets the news that Ajay really has cancer and has only a few more months to live . Under the changed circumstances , both the Nath and Chopra families are against the marriage of Ajay and Geeta . Will Ajay and Geeta get married ? Does Ajay really have cancer or is this another prank ?
Cast
Shammi Kapoor ... Rajnath
Mala Sinha ... Sharda
Randhir Kapoor ... Ajay
Tina Munim ... Geeta Chopra
Hari Shivdasani ... Mr. Chopra
Iftekhar ... Dr.Gupta
Rajendra Nath ... Dr. Punjabi
Sharat Saxena ... Shyam
Sunder ( actor ) ... Shankar
Mahavir Shah ... Ajay 's friend
Akshay Kumar ... boy child garlanding Ajay
Soundtrack
The song 'Tujhsa haseen .. ' was originally meant for another movie titled 'Zabardast ' . However that movie was not made and then Randhir Kapoor requested Pancham Da to give it to them in this movie , as they liked it very much .
Just before the song 'Jeevan me jab aise pal .. ' there is a scene between Kashmiri man and their son , saying in Kashmiri , `` kherishu '' means `` How are you ? '' and `` varishu '' means `` I am fine '' . However , Randhir Kapoor tells Tina Munim that it means `` I love you '' and `` I need you '' . These Kashmiri words are used in the song then by lyricist Gulshan Bawra .
External links
1980s Hindi-language films
1981 films
Films scored by R. D. Burman
Films directed by Ramesh Behl
The Horstman Glacier is a glacier located on Blackcomb Peak in Garibaldi Provincial Park . During the ski season at Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort , it is used for skiing and snow riding . It is one of two glaciers in North America used for summer skiing and riding .
Glacier preservation efforts
The Horstman Glacier is the site of a pilot project developing methods to preserve glaciers .
A blue wooden snow fence has been installed on the ridge above the glacier to trap snow .
In 2015 , four snowmaking machines ( `` snowguns '' ) began adding more snow to the glacier during the winter .
A 7.5-megawatt hydroelectric dam , installed in 2010 , powers the ski resort and the snowmaking operations .
Glacier retreat
The Horstman glacier has receded substantially , with conditions deteriorating . In 2020 the Horstman T-bar , a ski lift at Whistler Blackcomb operating since 1987 , was closed down as the glacier receded .
The retreat of glaciers like the Horstman is mostly attributed to global warming and local changes as a result of rising temperature also furthering the process . Glacier recession is accelerating worldwide .
See also
References
Garibaldi Ranges
Glaciers of the Pacific Ranges
Glaciers
Godspeaker is an adult trilogy of fantasy novels written by Karen Miller .
Series
Empress of Mijak ( 2007 )
The Riven Kingdom ( 2007 )
Hammer of God ( 2008 )
Fantasy novel series
Novels by Karen Miller
Mark Laurie may refer to :
Mark Laurie ( photographer ) ( born 1955 ) , Canadian photographer
Mark Laurie ( rugby league ) ( born 1962 ) , Australian rugby league footballer
The Murray Basin is a Cenozoic sedimentary basin in south eastern Australia . The basin is only shallow , but extends into New South Wales , Victoria and South Australia . It takes its name from the Murray River which traverses the Basin from east to west .
Formation
One theory for the formation of the basin is that it is dynamic topography due to a sinking slab of oceanic crust . This slab was subducted during the latest Cretaceous and Early Cenozoic periods to the north of the Australian continent underneath New Guinea . The slab broke off and was gradually overridden by the Australian plate moving north . The sinking slab has a trace in the P-wave velocity in the mantle which is higher from 800 to 1200 km deep below the Murray basin , and also the Lake Eyre Basin . The velocity anomaly is oriented northwest-southeast and extends from 135°E 26°S to 144°E35°S . The sinking has dragged down the rock above it to make a hollow which is the basin . This hollow has moved south over the last 50 million years . If this theory is correct , then the Murray basin will move south over the next tens of millions of years and disappear under the Southern Ocean . Modelling using the Underworld program by Moresi indicates that the slab would be sinking at 8.5 mm per year and cause a depression on the surface 200 m deep around 2500 km wide . In the past the basin depression was narrower but deeper in this model .
Geologic history
After Australia separated from Antarctica , the Murray Basin was formed . The basin floor only subsided slowly over time . The basin became filled with up to of sediments during the Cenozoic Era .
From Paleocene to the Eocene Epoch , the western side was flooded with seawater and deposited the Warina sand . The sea withdrew , and later in the Eocene , silt and clay of the Olney Formation were deposited . One minor sea incursion in the Late Eocene resulted in the Buccleuch Formation in South Australia . The group of deposits is termed the Renmark Group and was earlier known as the Knight Group .
The sea level rose again in Late Oligocene to mid Miocene , forming the Murray Group of sediments , with marl and limestone in the deeper locations , and the Geera Clay in the shallow waters . The rock units formed in the deeper water included the Ettric Formation ( see cross-section image ) , the Winnanbool Formation and the Mannum Formation limestone with Gambier Limestone in South Australia . When the sea level fell again in mid-Miocene , the deposited Geera clay and Olney Formation moved westward over the limestone .
During Upper Miocene to Pliocene , the sea rose and fell several times . The first sea rise formed the Murravian Gulf and resulted in clay and marl in the west , called the Bookpurnong Formation , with the Calivil Formation river and lake sand in the east . When the sea retreated in Early Pliocene , the Loxton Sands , also informally known as Loxton-Parilla Sands , were formed on the beach on the shore of the emergent land . Locally heavy minerals have been concentrated by wave action , including rutile zircon and ilmenite , forming economic mining opportunities .
The Murray River became dammed by uplift of over in the Grampians in Victoria during the Pleistocene about 2.5 Mya . The dam formed Lake Bungunnia , which reached and deposited the Blanchetown Clay therein . Higher rainfall of at least per year kept the lake filled at first , but during later times , rainfall was insufficient , and saline lakes formed , depositing dolomite . Even today , some saline lakes remain as a remnant of the vast lake . The Murray River carved out a new path to the sea via Murray Bridge , replacing its previous exit at Portland , Victoria . The lake was gone by about 0.7 Mya .
The Pooraka Formation formed in the north west due to increased erosion , resulting in colluvium depositing . The colluvium forms fans , cones and scree slopes , and often contains clay and breccia . In the flat areas , the Shepparton Formation also resulted from river deposits of floodplain clay .
Most of the existing surface dates from Quaternary period . The river deposits from the east have been progressively overlaying the marine deposits further west , as the shore line receded . Within the Pleistocene deposits are three layers of sand that are aquifers , deposited during higher rainfall periods of the interglacials . The floodplain deposits from the current rivers are the Coonambidgal Formation , however this term is used informally for the older Pleistocene flood deposits as well . During the dryer glacial periods the area was arid .
References
Sedimentary basins of Australia
Murray River
Geology of New South Wales
Geology of Victoria ( Australia )
Geology of South Australia
Landforms of New South Wales
Landforms of Victoria ( Australia )
Landforms of South Australia
Murray-Darling basin
| }
The Paddy 's Reward Club Chase is a Grade 1 National Hunt steeplechase in Ireland . It is run at Leopardstown Racecourse in December , over a distance of about 2 miles and 1 furlong ( 3,420 metres ) and during the race there are 11 fences to be jumped . The race was first run in 1998 as a Listed race , before being run as a Grade 1 race from 2007 onwards . The race is sponsored by Paddy Power bookmakers and has had various titles promoting Paddy Power products during its history . The 2019 race was run as the Paddy 's Rewards Club `` Loyalty 's Dead , Live For Rewards '' Chase .
Records
Most successful horse ( 3 wins ) :
Big Zeb – 2008 , 2010 , 20011
Leading jockey ( 3 wins ) :
Ruby Walsh – Papillon ( 1998 , 2000 ) , Douvan ( 2016 )
Barry Geraghty – Moscow Flyer ( 2002 , 2003 ) , Big Zeb ( 2010 )
Paul Townend - Golden Silver ( 2009 ) , Twinlight ( 2014 ) , Chacun Pour Soi ( 2020 )
Leading trainer ( 4 wins ) :
Willie Mullins - Golden Silver ( 2009 ) , Twinlight ( 2014 ) , Douvan ( 2016 ) , Chacun Pour Soi ( 2020 )
Winners
See also
Horse racing in Ireland
List of Irish National Hunt races
References
Racing Post :
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , , , , ,
, ,
National Hunt races in Ireland
National Hunt chases
Leopardstown Racecourse
Recurring sporting events established in 1998
1998 establishments in Ireland
Emmanuel Kwadwo Oware , better known by their stage name Ayisi ( formerly A.I ) is a Ghanaian Afro Pop , Hip Hop and Hip-Life artiste .
Life and music career
Ayisi pronounced 'ayisi ' was born in Accra , capital of Ghana begun recording in their High school days at Presbyterian Boys Secondary School in 2004 . Before that their nursery days were at Ave Maria and then later on to Presec Staff Primary and then to St Andrews . Ayisi discovered their love for music at an early age through their father who was a drummer in a band and had a vast number of collections they would delve into . They liked to write a lot and would use the habit to polish their lyrical skills . Ayisi is a sibling to three . Ayisi is inspired by music from Tupac , Biggie Smalls , Eminem , Bob Marley , Youssou Ndour just to mention a few . Ayisi release Mixtape Mayhem under 2ligit records and Headstrong Ep .
Discography
Albums
Mixtape Mayhem ( 2014 )
Headstrong EP ( 2016 )
Linkop EP ( 2020 )
Videography
Anger Management by A.I
Grind - Vision Dj featuring A.I
Moving On by A.I
Prayer by Ayisi
Blessings by Ayisi
Awards
External Links
References
1986 births
Living people
People from Accra
`` Autumn Day in Kui Prefecture '' is a poem by 8th-century Chinese poet Du Fu ( 712–770 ) . The full title of this poem is Autumn Day in Kui Prefecture , A Song Submitted to Supervisor Zheng and Advisor Li , in One Hundred Rhymes ( according to title translation by Alfreda Murck ) . As a poem , `` Autumn Day in Kui Prefecture '' is an example of Tang poetry , which received considerable attention during the Song dynasty , in Song poetry , and later , even through modern times . During the Song dynasty Du Fu 's `` Autumn Day in Kui Prefecture '' received particular attention , with the poem being subtly alluded to through rhyme-scheme referencing by Su Shi and their circle : in other words , Su Shi and the poets of their circle wrote poems which utilized the same rhyming words from Du Fu 's poem , thus subtly referencing the sense and sentiment of Du Fu 's line , but without overtly stating what might be censured as inappropriate . This allowed them and others to express opinions about government and society , without suffering the consequences , as Su Shi had previously done , in the Crow Terrace Poetry Trial , when their poetry was used as evidence resulting in their conviction and exile .
Literary source ( s )
Du Fu 's poem `` Autumn Day in Kui Prefecture '' can be found in scroll 230 of the Quantangshi .
Background
Geography
Kui Prefecture is also known as `` Kuizhou Circuit '' and `` Kuizhou '' ( ) , or just `` Kui '' : this politically-organized geographic entity was initially established in 619 CE , and was an important area from the beginning and through the end of the Tang dynasty of China , when it was alternatively part of several of the Circuits which made up Tang dynastic era large scale political structural organizations . Kui Prefecture was located in what is now eastern Chongqing . Part of the historic importance of Kuizhou is related to its location on the Yangzi River . Kuizhou ( Kui Prefecture ) was located in the Three Gorges area of the Yangzi River , a main transportation east-west corridor through China , which made use of the Yangzi River for transportation by water . Kui was also known for spectacular scenery , and being a location in which exiled poets wrote their laments : it has been considered part of the Xiaoxiang .
History
Kui Prefecture ( Kuizhou ) was an area typical of many areas which were part of the southern Tang Empire that experienced an increase in population and development as a result of the disasters beginning with and following the Lushan rebellion ( also known as the Anshi disturbances ) . Later , toward the end of the Tang Dynasty this area which was formerly a refuge became itself the center of military activity leading to the breakup of the Tang imperial dynasty and the development of the independent states of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period . The Kuizhou area was held by the Han dynasty : during this time , it was known as `` Baidi '' , or `` White Emperor '' , in English , and later Chinese poetry has used this as a metonymn .
Xiaoxiang poetry
Xiaoxiang poetry is one of the Classical Chinese poetry genres , one practiced for over a thousand years . It is a poetry of scenic wonders , a poetry of officials exiled for their views and beliefs , and a poetry of dissent against submitting to government control . Xiaoxiang poetry is geographically associated with the Xiaoxiang region , around and south of Dongting Lake , including Kuizhou . The Xiaoxiang genre of literature is often associated with similarly themed Chinese calligraphy and Chinese painting . Famous poets in this genre include Du Fu , and the main theme of this type of poetry is more-or-less that of the government official who has been exiled and sent to some peerlessly remote area , such as the Xiaoxiang .
Du Fu
The author of `` Autumn Day in Kui Prefecture '' is Du Fu ( ; 712 – 770 ) , one of the most prominent poets of the Tang poetry practitioners . Much or most of what is known of Du Fu 's life comes from their poems . Their paternal grandfather was Du Shenyan , a noted politician and poet during the reign of empress Wu . The Lushan rebellion began in December 755 , and was not completely suppressed for almost eight years , and ended the `` golden age '' of the Tang dynasty . It caused enormous disruption to Chinese society , and loss of millions of human population . Du Fu was displaced from their homeland in the north , and at one point ended up in Kuizhou , where they are presumed to have written `` Autumn Day in Kui Prefecture '' .
Poem
`` Autumn Day in Kui Prefecture '' consists of 200 lines of 100 rhymed couplets ( Murck , passim ) . It is called `` one-hundred rhymes '' because the rhyme is at the end of the couplet .
Song dynastic era follow-up
During the Song dynasty Du Fu 's `` Autumn Day in Kui Prefecture '' received particular attention , with the poem being subtly alluded to through rhyme-scheme referencing by Su Shi and their circle . This allowed them and others to express opinions about government and society , without suffering the consequences , as Su Shi did in the Crow Terrace Poetry Trial .
References
Murck , Alfreda ( 2000 ) . Poetry and Painting in Song China : The Subtle Art of Dissent . Cambridge ( Massachusetts ) and London : Harvard University Asia Center for the Harvard-Yenching Institute .
See also
Classical Chinese poetry
Crow Terrace Poetry Trial
Du Fu
Kui Prefecture
Song poetry
Su Shi
Tang poetry
Wang Shen
Chinese poetry
Chinese poems
Chinese poetry allusions
The Michigan presidential primary may refer to :
Michigan Democratic primary , 2008
Michigan Republican primary , 2008
2008 United States presidential primaries by state
The 2013–14 NBA season was the Bucks ' 46th season in the NBA . They finished with 15 wins and 67 losses , the worst record in the NBA . It was the Bucks ' worst season record in franchise history , five fewer wins than their previous low-mark in 1993–94 .
Key dates
June 27 : The 2013 NBA draft took place at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn , New York .
July 1 : 2013 NBA Free Agency begins .
Draft picks
Roster
Overview
Pre-season
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 1
| October 8
| @ Cleveland
|
| Stephen Graham ( 15 )
| Sanders & Ridnour ( 5 )
| Nate Wolters ( 3 )
| Quicken Loans Arena9,022
| 0–1
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 2
| October 10
| @ Minnesota
|
| John Henson ( 16 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 7 )
| Mayo & Ridnour ( 4 )
| The Pentagon3,250
| 0–2
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 3
| October 12
| Charlotte
|
| Caron Butler ( 18 )
| John Henson ( 10 )
| Brandon Knight ( 7 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center7,839
| 0–3
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 4
| October 15
| @ Memphis
|
| Brandon Knight ( 19 )
| John Henson ( 12 )
| Henson & Knight ( 4 )
| FedExForum11,164
| 0–4
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 5
| October 21
| @ Chicago
|
| Gary Neal ( 14 )
| John Henson ( 8 )
| Middleton , Neal , Knight ( 2 )
| United Center21,203
| 0–5
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 6
| October 23
| New York
|
| Caron Butler ( 24 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 9 )
| Luke Ridnour ( 11 )
| Resch Center5,609
| 1–5
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 7
| October 25
| Toronto
|
| Khris Middleton ( 8 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 2 )
| John Henson ( 2 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center
| 2–5
Regular season
Game log
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 1
| October 30
| @ New York
|
| Gary Neal ( 16 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 11 )
| Gary Neal ( 5 )
| Madison Square Garden19,812
| 0–1
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 2
| November 1
| @ Boston
|
| Zaza Pachulia ( 20 )
| John Henson & Pachulia ( 9 )
| Nate Wolters ( 6 )
| TD Garden18,624
| 1–1
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 3
| November 2
| Toronto
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 16 )
| Butler & Mayo ( 6 )
| Nate Wolters ( 10 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center16,046
| 1–2
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 4
| November 6
| Cleveland
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 28 )
| Henson & Pachulia ( 9 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 7 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center14,340
| 2–2
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 5
| November 9
| Dallas
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 28 )
| Caron Butler ( 13 )
| Nate Wolters ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center16,448
| 2–3
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 6
| November 12
| @ Miami
|
| Henson & Neal ( 18 )
| Khris Middleton ( 7 )
| Brandon Knight ( 6 )
| American Airlines Arena19,600
| 2–4
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 7
| November 13
| @ Orlando
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 25 )
| John Henson ( 9 )
| Khris Middleton ( 4 )
| Amway Center13,588
| 2–5
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 8
| November 15
| @ Indiana
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 20 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 11 )
| Nate Wolters ( 5 )
| Bankers Life Fieldhouse16,202
| 2–6
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 9
| November 16
| Oklahoma City
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 22 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 13 )
| Luke Ridnour ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center15,984
| 2–7
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 10
| November 20
| Portland
|
| Luke Ridnour ( 13 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 8 )
| Luke Ridnour ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,789
| 2–8
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 11
| November 22
| @ Philadelphia
|
| Caron Butler ( 38 )
| Caron Butler ( 8 )
| Luke Ridnour ( 9 )
| Wells Fargo Center13,588
| 2–9
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 12
| November 23
| Charlotte
|
| Khris Middleton ( 20 )
| John Henson ( 9 )
| Brandon Knight ( 7 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center14,871
| 2–10
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 13
| November 25
| @ Detroit
|
| John Henson ( 15 )
| John Henson ( 7 )
| Brandon Knight ( 4 )
| Palace of Auburn Hills12,150
| 2–11
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 14
| November 27
| Washington
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 21 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 10 )
| Brandon Knight ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,584
| 2–12
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 15
| November 29
| @ Charlotte
|
| Brandon Knight ( 17 )
| Ekpe Udoh ( 6 )
| Khris Middleton ( 3 )
| Time Warner Cable Arena15,081
| 2–13
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 16
| November 30
| Boston
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 22 )
| John Henson ( 13 )
| Brandon Knight ( 8 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center15,471
| 3–13
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 17
| December 3
| @ Boston
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 19 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 7 )
| Brandon Knight ( 6 )
| TD Garden16,649
| 3–14
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 18
| December 4
| Detroit
|
| Ersan İlyasova ( 22 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 10 )
| Luke Ridnour ( 8 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center12,835
| 3–15
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 19
| December 6
| @ Washington
|
| Khris Middleton ( 29 )
| John Henson ( 17 )
| Brandon Knight ( 6 )
| Verizon Center18,194
| 4–15
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 20
| December 7
| Brooklyn
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 22 )
| John Henson ( 7 )
| O. J. Mayo ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center14,963
| 4–16
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 21
| December 10
| @ Chicago
|
| John Henson ( 25 )
| John Henson ( 14 )
| O. J. Mayo ( 7 )
| United Center21,303
| 5–16
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 22
| December 11
| San Antonio
|
| Nate Wolters ( 18 )
| John Henson ( 8 )
| Nate Wolters ( 7 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,087
| 5–17
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 23
| December 13
| Chicago
|
| Gary Neal ( 17 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 9 )
| Brandon Knight ( 4 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center15,219
| 5–18
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 24
| December 14
| @ Dallas
|
| John Henson ( 18 )
| John Henson ( 13 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 4 )
| American Airlines Center19,973
| 5–19
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 25
| December 18
| New York
|
| Brandon Knight ( 36 )
| John Henson ( 14 )
| Brandon Knight ( 3 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,869
| 5–20
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 26
| December 20
| @ Cleveland
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 20 )
| Brandon Knight ( 14 )
| Brandon Knight ( 8 )
| Quicken Loans Arena19,058
| 5–21
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 27
| December 21
| Philadelphia
|
| Khris Middleton ( 27 )
| Caron Butler ( 13 )
| Brandon Knight ( 8 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center14,541
| 6–21
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 28
| December 23
| @ Charlotte
|
| Brandon Knight ( 26 )
| Brandon Knight ( 8 )
| Brandon Knight ( 14 )
| Time Warner Cable Arena13,534
| 6–22
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 29
| December 27
| @ Brooklyn
|
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 16 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 10 )
| Brandon Knight , Luke Ridnour ( 5 )
| Barclays Center17,732
| 6–23
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 30
| December 28
| Minnesota
|
| Khris Middleton ( 23 )
| Larry Sanders ( 10 )
| Brandon Knight ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center14,971
| 6–24
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 31
| December 31
| @ L.A. Lakers
|
| Brandon Knight ( 37 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 12 )
| Larry Sanders ( 5 )
| Staples Center18,997
| 7–24
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 32
| January 2
| @ Utah
|
| Larry Sanders ( 16 )
| Larry Sanders ( 8 )
| Luke Ridnour ( 8 )
| EnergySolutions Arena16,012
| 7–25
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 33
| January 4
| @ Phoenix
|
| Brandon Knight ( 25 )
| Khris Middleton ( 8 )
| Brandon Knight ( 8 )
| US Airways Center14,344
| 7–26
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 34
| January 7
| Golden State
|
| Ersan İlyasova ( 20 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 6 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,739
| 7–27
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 35
| January 10
| Chicago
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 16 )
| Larry Sanders ( 9 )
| Luke Ridnour ( 8 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center15,148
| 7–28
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 36
| January 11
| @ Oklahoma City
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 16 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 11 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 5 )
| Chesapeake Energy Arena18,203
| 7–29
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 37
| January 13
| @ Toronto
|
| Ersan İlyasova ( 29 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 9 )
| Luke Ridnour ( 7 )
| Air Canada Centre15,819
| 7–30
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 38
| January 15
| Memphis
|
| Brandon Knight ( 27 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 13 )
| Luke Ridnour ( 9 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,379
| 7–31
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 39
| January 18
| @ Houston
|
| Brandon Knight ( 26 )
| John Henson ( 15 )
| Brandon Knight ( 7 )
| Toyota Center18,082
| 7–32
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 40
| January 19
| @ San Antonio
|
| Brandon Knight ( 21 )
| John Henson ( 11 )
| Luke Ridnour ( 3 )
| AT & T Center18,096
| 7–33
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 41
| January 22
| Detroit
|
| Caron Butler ( 30 )
| Miroslav Raduljica ( 8 )
| Brandon Knight ( 9 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,266
| 8–33
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 42
| January 24
| @ Cleveland
|
| Khris Middleton ( 13 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 7 )
| O. J. Mayo ( 6 )
| Quicken Loans Arena17,147
| 8–34
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 43
| January 25
| Atlanta
|
| Brandon Knight ( 27 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 13 )
| Brandon Knight ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center15,879
| 8–35
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 44
| January 27
| L.A. Clippers
|
| Ersan İlyasova ( 16 )
| Ilyasova & Henson ( 8 )
| Brandon Knight ( 7 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,126
| 8–36
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 45
| January 29
| Phoenix
|
| Ersan İlyasova ( 27 )
| Larry Sanders ( 9 )
| Brandon Knight ( 8 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,175
| 8–37
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 46
| January 31
| @ Orlando
|
| Caron Butler ( 20 )
| Larry Sanders ( 9 )
| Nate Wolters ( 9 )
| Amway Center17,292
| 8–38
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 47
| February 1
| @ Memphis
|
| Brandon Knight ( 23 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 13 )
| Brandon Knight ( 7 )
| FedExForum17,017
| 8–39
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 48
| February 3
| New York
|
| Brandon Knight ( 25 )
| Larry Sanders ( 11 )
| Brandon Knight ( 7 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,147
| 9–39
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 49
| February 5
| @ Denver
|
| Sanders & Middleton ( 25 )
| Larry Sanders ( 15 )
| Brandon Knight ( 8 )
| Pepsi Center15,122
| 9–40
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 50
| February 8
| Houston
|
| Brandon Knight ( 23 )
| Henson & Pachulia ( 10 )
| Khris Middleton ( 8 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center15,923
| 9–41
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 51
| February 10
| Boston
|
| Brandon Knight ( 22 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 8 )
| Knight & Pachulia ( 4 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,016
| 9–42
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 52
| February 12
| New Orleans
|
| Brandon Knight ( 22 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 9 )
| Brandon Knight ( 9 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,012
| 9–43
|- align= '' center ''
|colspan= '' 9 '' bgcolor= '' # bbcaff '' |All-Star Break
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 53
| February 18
| Orlando
|
| Caron Butler ( 21 )
| John Henson ( 10 )
| Nate Wolters ( 8 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,106
| 10–43
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 54
| February 20
| Denver
|
| Caron Butler ( 17 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 11 )
| Nate Wolters ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,186
| 10–44
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 55
| February 22
| Indiana
|
| Brandon Knight ( 30 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 11 )
| Brandon Knight ( 8 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center17,165
| 10–45
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 56
| February 24
| @ Philadelphia
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 25 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 10 )
| Ramon Sessions ( 5 )
| Wells Fargo Center12,216
| 11–45
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 57
| February 27
| @ Indiana
|
| Brandon Knight ( 23 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 11 )
| Knight & Sessions ( 5 )
| Bankers Life Fieldhouse17,892
| 11–46
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 58
| March 1
| Brooklyn
|
| Middleton & Sessions ( 16 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 11 )
| Brandon Knight ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center14,081
| 11–47
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 59
| March 3
| Utah
|
| Ersan İlyasova ( 31 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 11 )
| Henson , Wolters & Knight ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center10,022
| 12–47
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 60
| March 5
| Sacramento
|
| Brandon Knight ( 25 )
| John Henson ( 7 )
| Brandon Knight ( 6 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center11,079
| 12–48
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 61
| March 7
| @ New Orleans
|
| Khris Middleton ( 25 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 10 )
| Brandon Knight ( 5 )
| Smoothie King Center16,061
| 12–49
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 62
| March 8
| Washington
|
| Brandon Knight ( 25 )
| Ilyasova & Adrien ( 8 )
| Nate Wolters ( 4 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center14,839
| 12–50
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 63
| March 10
| Orlando
|
| Brandon Knight ( 24 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 11 )
| Ramon Sessions ( 8 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center10,114
| 13–50
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 64
| March 11
| @ Minnesota
|
| Brandon Knight ( 21 )
| John Henson ( 8 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 10 )
| Target Center12,473
| 13–51
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 65
| March 13
| @ Atlanta
|
| Ersan İlyasova ( 22 )
| Ersan İlyasova ( 10 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 5 )
| Philips Arena12,554
| 13–52
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 66
| March 15
| @ New York
|
| Nate Wolters ( 15 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 7 )
| Pachulia & Sessions ( 4 )
| Madison Square Garden19,812
| 13–53
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 67
| March 16
| Charlotte
|
| Brandon Knight ( 21 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 9 )
| Brandon Knight ( 7 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center14,536
| 13–54
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 68
| March 18
| @ Portland
|
| Brandon Knight ( 24 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 13 )
| Nate Wolters ( 6 )
| Moda Center19,572
| 13–55
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 69
| March 20
| @ Golden State
|
| Brandon Knight ( 27 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 8 )
| Brandon Knight ( 6 )
| Oracle Arena19,596
| 13–56
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 70
| March 23
| @ Sacramento
|
| O. J. Mayo ( 21 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 6 )
| Brandon Knight ( 7 )
| Sleep Train Arena16,341
| 13–57
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 71
| March 24
| @ L.A. Clippers
|
| Ramon Sessions ( 28 )
| Adrien & Henson ( 7 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 8 )
| Staples Center19,060
| 13–58
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 72
| March 27
| L.A. Lakers
|
| Brandon Knight ( 30 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 9 )
| Ramon Sessions ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center15,439
| 14–58
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 73
| March 29
| Miami
|
| Ramon Sessions ( 15 )
| John Henson ( 10 )
| Brandon Knight ( 5 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center17,986
| 14–59
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 74
| March 31
| @ Detroit
|
| Brandon Knight ( 25 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 13 )
| Ramon Sessions ( 11 )
| Palace of Auburn Hills13,062
| 14–60
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 75
| April 2
| @ Miami
|
| Ramon Sessions ( 19 )
| Zaza Pachulia ( 16 )
| Ramon Sessions ( 6 )
| American Airlines Arena19,609
| 14–61
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 76
| April 4
| @ Chicago
|
| Brandon Knight ( 22 )
| Pachulia & Adrien ( 9 )
| Giannis Antetokounmpo ( 5 )
| United Center21,996
| 14–62
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 77
| April 5
| Toronto
|
| John Henson ( 23 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 12 )
| Ramon Sessions ( 10 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center16,310
| 14–63
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 78
| April 9
| Indiana
|
| Brandon Knight ( 25 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 17 )
| Brandon Knight ( 10 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center13,139
| 14–64
|- style= '' background : # cfc ; ''
| 79
| April 11
| Cleveland
|
| Brandon Knight ( 24 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 9 )
| Ramon Sessions ( 7 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center13,126
| 15–64
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 80
| April 12
| @ Washington
|
| Middleton & Sessions ( 20 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 10 )
| Ramon Sessions ( 8 )
| Verizon Center17,278
| 15–65
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 81
| April 14
| @ Toronto
|
| Ramon Sessions ( 21 )
| Jeff Adrien ( 9 )
| Ramon Sessions ( 5 )
| Air Canada Centre18,821
| 15–66
|- style= '' background : # fcc ; ''
| 82
| April 16
| Atlanta
|
| Brandon Knight ( 31 )
| Khris Middleton ( 7 )
| Ramon Sessions ( 6 )
| BMO Harris Bradley Center13,111
| 15–67
Standings
Transactions
Trades
Free agents
Milwaukee
Milwaukee Bucks seasons
Milwaukee Bucks
Milwaukee Bucks
Silke Launert ( born 27 December 1976 ) is a German judge and politician of the Christian Social Union ( CSU ) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2013 . They represent Bayreuth .
Political career
Launert first became a member of the Bundestag after the 2013 German federal election . They were a member of the Committee for Family , Senior Citizens , Women and Youth from 2013 until 2021 before moving to the Committee on Internal Affairs and the Budget Committee in 2021 . Since 2022 , they have been chairing the Budget Committee 's Subcommittee on European Affairs .
In the negotiations to form a fourth coalition government under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 federal elections , Launert was part of the working group on families , women , seniors and youth , led by Annette Widmann-Mauz , Angelika Niebler and Katarina Barley .
Other activities
Evangelical Church in Germany ( EKD ) , Member of the Committee on Migration and Integration ( since 2016 )
Political positions
In June 2017 , Launert abstained from a parliamentary vote on Germany 's introduction of same-sex marriage .
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1976 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Female members of the Bundestag
21st-century German women politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
People from Stadtsteinach
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
People from Bayreuth
Paul F. `` Shad '' Huston ( June 2 , 1925 – February 2 , 1992 ) was an American professional basketball player . Huston was the eighth overall pick in the 1947 BAA draft by the Chicago Stags . They played for one season in the league and averaged 3.6 points per game .
BAA career statistics
Regular season
Playoffs
External links
Ohio State Buckeyes men 's basketball during World War II
1925 births
1992 deaths
All-American college men 's basketball players
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Ohio
Chicago Stags draft picks
Chicago Stags players
Forwards ( basketball )
Guards ( basketball )
Ohio State Buckeyes men 's basketball players
Sportspeople from Xenia , Ohio
In fiction , engineering , and thought experiments , unobtainium is a material ideal for a particular application but impractically hard to get . Unobtainium originally referred to materials that do not exist at all , but more recently , it has been used to describe real materials that are unavailable due to extreme rarity or cost . Less commonly , it can mean a device with desirable engineering properties for an application that are exceedingly difficult or impossible to achieve .
The properties of any particular example of unobtainium depend on the intended use ( e.g. , a pulley made of unobtainium might be massless and frictionless ) . But for a nuclear rocket , unobtainium might have the needed qualities of lightness , strength at high temperatures , and resistance to radiation damage : A combination of all three qualities is impossible with today 's materials . The concept of unobtainium is often applied hand-wavingly , flippantly , or humorously .
The word `` unobtainium '' derives humorously from `` unobtainable '' , with -ium , a suffix for chemical element names . It predates the similar-sounding systematic element names , such as ununennium . An alternate spelling , unobtanium , is sometimes used , perhaps based on the spelling of real elements like titanium and uranium .
Engineering origin
Since the late 1950s , aerospace engineers have used the term `` unobtainium '' when referring to unusual or costly materials , or when theoretically considering a material perfect for their needs in all respects , except that it does not exist . By the 1990s , the term was in wide use , even in formal engineering papers such as `` Towards unobtainium [ new composite materials for space applications ] . ''
The word `` unobtainium '' may well have been coined in the aerospace industry to refer to materials capable of withstanding the extreme temperatures expected in re-entry . Aerospace engineers are frequently tempted to design aircraft which require parts with strength or resilience beyond that of currently available materials .
Later , 'unobtainium ' became an engineering term for practical materials that really exist , but are difficult to get . For example , during the development of the SR-71 Blackbird spy plane , Lockheed engineers at the `` Skunk Works '' under Clarence `` Kelly '' Johnson used 'unobtainium ' as a dysphemism for titanium . Titanium allowed a higher strength-to-weight ratio at the high temperatures the Blackbird would reach , but its availability was restricted because the Soviet Union controlled its supply .
Contemporary popularization
By 2010 , the term had diffused beyond engineering , and now can appear in the headlines of mainstream newspapers , especially to describe the commercially useful rare earth elements ( particularly terbium , erbium , dysprosium , yttrium , and neodymium ) . These are essential to the performance of consumer electronics and green technology , but the projected demand for them so outstrips their current supply that they are called `` unobtainiums '' within the ore industry and by commentators on the US Congressional hearings into the supply security of rare-earths .
'Unobtainium ' has come to be used as a synonym for `` unobtainable '' among people who are neither science fiction fans nor engineers to denote an object that actually exists , but which is very hard to obtain either because of high price ( sometimes referred to as `` unaffordium '' ) or limited availability . It usually refers to a very high-end and desirable product . Examples are rear cassettes in the mountain biking community , parts that are no longer available for old-car enthusiasts , parts for reel-to-reel audio-tape recorders , and rare vacuum tubes such as the 1L6 or WD-11 that can now cost more than the equipment in which they were fitted .
There have been repeated attempts to attribute the name to a real material . Space elevator research has long used `` unobtainium '' to describe a material with the necessary characteristics , but carbon nanotubes might have these characteristics . The eyewear and fashion wear company Oakley , Inc. also frequently denotes the material used for many of their eyeglass nosepieces and earpieces , which has the unusual property of increasing tackiness and thus grip when wet , as unobtanium .
Science fiction
It was first used in The Core in 2003 , and also used in James Cameron 's 2009 movie Avatar , as a substance that was named `` unobtanium '' . In the film , it is a room-temperature superconductor mined on the fictional moon Pandora that makes crewed interstellar space travel to the planet financially feasible .
Similar terms
The term handwavium ( suggesting handwaving ) is another term for this hypothetical material , as are buzzwordium , impossibrium , raritanium , and hardtofindium .
The related term phlebotinum ( a derisive term , drawn from phlebotomy ) is used to describe a technological plot device created by a science fiction writer to `` magically '' advance the plot to a desired point .
The term ( also spelled with variants such as illudium ) has been used to describe a material which has `` eluded '' attempts to develop it . This was mentioned in several Looney Tunes cartoons , where Marvin the Martian tried ( unsuccessfully ) to use their `` Eludium Q-36 Explosive Space Modulator '' to blow up the Earth .
Another largely synonymous term is wishalloy , although the sense is often subtly different in that a wishalloy usually does not exist at all , whereas unobtainium may merely be unavailable .
A similar conceptual material in alchemy is the philosopher 's stone , a mythical substance with the ability to turn lead into gold , or bestow immortality and youth . While the search to find such a substance was not successful , it did lead to discovery of a new element : phosphorus .
See also
List of fictional elements , materials , isotopes and subatomic particles
Materials science in science fiction
Dysprosium , a real element whose name means `` hard to get ''
Notes
References
External links
World Wide Words — Unobtanium
TV Tropes - Unobtainium
Fictional materials
Placeholder names
Avatar ( franchise )
hu : Unobtainium # Unobtanium az Avatarban
Ruth von Mayenburg ( 1 July 1907 – 26 June 1993 ) was an Austrian journalist , writer and translator . In their earlier years , they were politically active in the Communist Party of Austria ( Kommunistische Partei Österreichs , or KPÖ ) . Fleeing the Nazis , they lived in exile in the Soviet Union at Moscow 's Hotel Lux , afterwards writing several books about their experiences there .
Early years
Ruth von Mayenburg was born in Srbice , in Bohemia , in the Sudetenland ( now Czech Republic ) . They were the younger daughter of a mine director and grew up in a cosmopolitan , aristocratic family in the Bohemian city of Teplitz-Schönau . Them uncle was Ottomar Heinsius von Mayenburg , a pharmacist who became a millionaire with their invention of a brand of toothpaste , Chlorodont . At the age of 13 , they became secretly engaged to Hansi von Herder at the wedding of their sister , Fely . Von Herder later became an SA leader and lost their lives in the Night of Long Knives .
They began studying architecture at the Dresden technical school . At the age of 23 , they had a relationship with Alexander-Edzard von Asseburg-Neindorf , but broke it off on the objection of General Freiherr Kurt von Hammerstein-Equord . They became involved with von Hammerstein-Equord , then head of the Army Command ( Heeresleitung ) . In 1930 , they moved to Vienna , Austria and lived with a friend of their mother , Baroness Netka Latscher-Lauendorf , who was the companion of Theodor Körner , later president of Austria . Through them , von Mayenburg was introduced to a circle of young socialists and became friends with intellectuals such as the writer Elias Canetti and Ernst Fischer , editor of the Arbeiter-Zeitung , who influenced their political views . They and Fischer were married in 1932 .
In 1934 , they and their husband took an active part against Engelbert Dollfuss in the Austrian Civil War , forcing them to flee Austria . They first went to Czechoslovakia , where their husband got a job working for the press office of the Comintern . While in exile , they became a member of the KPÖ , then outlawed . Von Mayenburg joined the Red Army and became a spy , traveling all over Germany and at one point sought out von Hammerstein-Equord to spy on them for the Soviet secret service . On one spy mission , they bumped into Lion Feuchtwanger on a train . When the Stalinist purges removed the leadership of von Mayenburg 's division , their assignments stopped coming . They were a major , but unemployed .
In 1938 , they and their husband Ernst Fischer went to the Soviet Union and lived in Room 271 on the fifth floor of Moscow 's Hotel Lux , an international exile hotel during the Nazi era . They lived there until 1945 . Fischer continued working for the Comintern .
During World War II , they served in the propaganda division of the Soviet Army .
Postwar years
After von Mayenburg 's return to Austria in 1945 , they became general secretary of the Austrian-Soviet Society . They worked as a film dramaturge at Vienna Film , working on the Willi Forst film , Wiener Mädeln . They and Fischer were divorced in 1954 .
In 1966 , they resigned from the KPÖ and worked as a translator , while concentrating on their writing . They wrote several books about their experiences at the Hotel Lux and about the others , some of them , future heads of state , who lived there . They wrote about their own experiences there between 1938 and 1945 , as well as the period before . Them book , Hotel Lux , which they spent five years researching and writing , was the very first history ever written about the hotel . Them book is not a deep analysis of Stalinism or the Great Purge , rather it shows life at the hotel with anecdotes and details of the terror and betrayal experienced by the exile community during most of the 1930s , and of their sexual mores and secrets , especially during the earlier years .
Von Mayenburg 's second marriage was to the conservative journalist Kurt Dieman-Dichtl .
Publications
Blaues Blut und rote Fahnen . Revolutionäres Frauenleben zwischen Vienna , Berlin und Moskau . ( 1969 ) , Promedia Verlag ( 1993 )
Hotel Lux . C. Bertelsmann Verlag ( 1978 )
Hotel Lux . Das Absteigequartier der Weltrevolution . ( 1979 ) ( Piper Verlag GmbH 1991 )
Hotel Lux – die Menschenfalle . Elisabeth Sandmann Verlag GmbH ( 2011 )
References
Sources
Hans Magnus Enzensberger : Hammerstein oder der Eigensinn . Eine deutsche Geschichte . Frankfurt am Main : Suhrkamp ( 2008 ) .
External links
Austrian translators
Austrian women writers
Communist Party of Austria politicians
Austrian communists
1907 births
1993 deaths
German Bohemian people
Austrian emigrants to the Soviet Union
Austrian exiles
20th-century translators
20th-century women writers
20th-century Austrian writers
People from Teplice District
Coppergate Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in York in North Yorkshire , England . It is named after Coppergate , one of York 's medieval streets ( `` gate '' coming from the Old Norse gata , or street ) .
History
Prior to the development of the shopping centre , archaeologists started digging on the site , which had been the Cravens confectionery factory . Between 1976–81 , York Archaeological Trust unearthed remains of 10th-century Viking-age buildings from the Viking city of Jorvik . The remains lay in moist , spongy layers of earth similar to a peat bog . The damp conditions had helped to preserve everyday Viking items such as wood , leather , cloth , bugs and even a Viking toilet and its contents . Over 40,000 objects were uncovered by excavating 36,000 layers and sieving eight tonnes of soil .
When the extent and importance of the discoveries at Coppergate were realised , plans were made to allow permanent display of the remains of Jorvik within the excavation area . York Archaeological Trust created the Jorvik Viking Centre which opened to the public in April 1984 . The exhibits in the Centre are based on evidence unearthed during the Coppergate excavations .
Redevelopment plans
In 2001 developers launched a £60 million development scheme entitled 'Coppergate II ' to redevelop the centre , including demolition of the existing centre and a new build project with shops either side of the River Foss . Retailers set to anchor the scheme included a new enlargened Debenhams and others . However the reaction from the public was negative and a petition was launched , this prompted a public inquiry and in September 2003 the scheme was turned down by the government . The level of opposition was due to some of the parts of the shopping centre being in extremely close proximity to Clifford 's Tower .
Centre information
The shopping centre houses many shops , cafes and museums , including the Jorvik Viking Centre . Owned by La Salle Investment Management since February 2008 , the centre is an open-air shopping promenade with covered walkways , and large public squares with fountains and planting beds , set with seats and coffee shops . Also included is St Mary 's Church , which now displays modern art . This outdoor area is used to host brass bands , theatre productions and other events from York 's many festivals .
See also
First York
References
External links
Official Coppergate Website
York Tourism information on Coppergate
Shopping in York - St. John University
Buildings and structures in York
Shopping centres in North Yorkshire
The New York Bucks are an independent American professional baseball team based in Canton , New York . They are a member of the Empire Professional Baseball League . Beginning in the 2018 season , the Bucks will play their home games at the Roos House Athletic Center at SUNY Canton .
History
The Watertown Bucks were an independent American professional baseball team based in Watertown , New York . The Bucks played in the newly formed Empire Professional Baseball League , which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball , during its inaugural season . The Bucks played in the North Country Baseball League in 2015 . They were previously a member of the short-lived East Coast Baseball League .
In 2015 , the Bucks were set to be a member of the East Coast Baseball League . The team was owned by Bruce Zicari and was to be managed by Kelly Stinnett . General Manager and NCBL Executive was Matt McClusky . Prior to the planned start of the ECBL 's first season the American teams , including the Bucks , pulled out of the league to form the North Country Baseball League .
2015 season
The Bucks posted a record of 16-23 in the start-up league . The Bucks promoted no players to the higher Independent Leagues . The team drew 9,250 fans , for an average of 237 a game . The team played its first game against the Road City Explorers on Memorial Day .
2016 season
The Bucks were announced to play in the newly formed Empire Professional Baseball League . The Bucks announced Simon Walters as manager January 5 . The Empire League named Kyle Scodo as general manager and operations manager of the Watertown Bucks on January 12 . It was reported that Bruce Zicari would no longer own the team in 2016 , and that it would be owned by the league . On January 26 , Watertown Superintendent of Park and Recreation , Erin Gardner , endorsed the Empire League 's offer to sign an franchise agreement . The Empire League Director stated with regards to the team that league will have `` all the money in place before the season ever begins '' . After finishing the season , the Bucks lost their lease for the stadium and ceased operations .
2018 season
The franchise was revived for the 2018 season as the league expanded from 4 to 6 teams . The revived team was originally to be based in Georgetown , Delaware , but a reworking of the schedule to accommodate playing games in Puerto Rico resulted in the franchise being based in Canton , New York , instead . Finishing with a league-leading 32-16 record , the Bucks advanced to the postseason , losing the championship series to the Puerto Rico Islanders two games to one .
2019 season
The 2019 Bucks relocated to Plattsburgh and finished last in the league with a 3-29 record .
References
Professional baseball teams in New York ( state )
Watertown , New York
2015 establishments in New York ( state )
Baseball teams established in 2015
The Rotary River Ride is a non-competitive bicycle ride held next to the Yarra River in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia . Money raised helps finance the efforts of the Rotary in Australia .
The event consists of three options , which primarily follow the Yarra River Trail :
Gold route
Silver route
Bronze route
See also
Cycling in Victoria
References
Cycling in Melbourne
Rotary International
Cycling events in Victoria
Sico Pass ( ) is a mountain pass on the border between Argentina and Chile . The pass is located on the main divide of the Andes . Administratively , it separates the province of Salta in Argentina and the region of Antofagasta in Chile .
The pass is served by Chile Route 23 , here is a paved road , and Argentina Route 51 , connecting San Pedro de Atacama on the Chilean side with Catua and San Antonio de los Cobres on the Argentinian side . The Chile Route 23 reaches an altitude of 24 km west of the border .
Gallery
References
Mountain passes of Chile
Mountain passes of Argentina
Mountain passes of the Andes
Argentina–Chile border crossings
Landforms of Antofagasta Region
Landforms of Salta Province
The Kissing Booth film series consists of American teen-romantic comedy films developed and released as Netflix original films , exclusively for the streaming service . Based on the novels written by Beth Reekles , the plot centers around Rochelle ( Shelly ) `` Elle '' Evans , and the complications that arise when they begin dating their best friend 's older brother . The series explores the teenage experiences of high school , popularity , dating , and friendship .
Though not well received by critics , the series as a whole has seen success in its streaming numbers with audiences . Netflix officially identified it as one of its consistently most-viewed releases .
Film
The Kissing Booth ( 2018 )
Shelly `` Elle '' Evans , is popular and outgoing student at their high school . Despite this , they have never been kissed . Together with their life-long best friend Lee , the pair plan a kissing booth event as a fundraiser for their school at a Spring Carnival fair . Elle has always had a secret crush on Lee 's bad-boy older brother , named Noah . For years they never acted on their feelings , since they and Lee had written rules about their friendship . One of those rules was to never date each other 's family members . After sharing a kiss at the event , Elle and Noah begin a secret romantic relationship . When Lee finds out , there is a strain on the pair 's friendship . After some time , their differences are overcome . Elle navigates the complexities of teenage-drama , while Noah prepares for Ivy League college experience at Harvard University . As they leaf , Elle realizes that though they do n't know what the future holds , their romance with Noah will always be a part of them
The Kissing Booth 2 ( 2020 )
Elle begins their senior year of high school , while Noah is a Freshman at Harvard . The couple navigate their lives , balancing full schedules of education and studies , and continuing their long-distance relationship . This is complicated as each of them find attraction elsewhere ; Elle with a new student named Marco , and Noah with a British student named Chloe . Elle tags along with their best friend and their girlfriend named Rachel , as a third wheel on the couple 's dates , only to unintentionally cause friction in their relationship . Noah meanwhile asks Elle to once again break one of their best friend rules with Lee , and wants them to move to attend college with them once they graduates from high school . Lee however wants them to continue their schooling , with them at Berkeley . Noah realizes that their feelings for Chloe are only as a friend , while Marco tries to convince Elle that they have something more . Noah and Elle reconcile at their graduation . Elle receives letters from Harvard and Berkeley notifying them that they are accepted at both schools . They face the difficult decision of choosing their best friend , or their love life with Noah .
The Kissing Booth 3 ( 2021 )
In July 2020 , it was announced that a third entry in the series had been filmed back-to-back with the previous film . As principal photography had been completed before the coronavirus pandemic outbreak , its release will be affected as was much of the film industry .
Cast and characters
Additional crew and production details
Reception
References
Film series
English-language Netflix original films
Teen film series
Baccharis glutinosa is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names saltmarsh baccharis and Douglas ' falsewillow .
The species has a discontinuous distribution , found in western North America ( California , southern Oregon , northern Baja California ) and in South America ( Brazil , Bolivia , etc. ) . The North American populations were for many years listed as a separate species , B. douglasii , but more recent studies suggest that the plants from the two continents are better regarded as one species .
Description
Baccharis glutinosa is a rhizomatous perennial herb growing to heights between one and two meters . The lance-shaped leaves are up to about 12 centimeters long and have short winged petioles . The foliage and inflorescences are resinous and sticky .
The plants are dioecious , with male plants producing clusters of up to 40 whitish staminate flowers and female plants bearing bunches of up to 150 fluffy whitish pistillate flowers with a hairlike pappus attached to each developing fruit .
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment - Baccharis douglasii
USDA Plants Profile , Baccharis douglasii
glutinosa
Flora of North America
Flora of South America
Plants described in 1807
Sir John Fife ( 1795–1871 ) , was an English surgeon .
Fife was born at Newcastle upon Tyne in 1795 , their father being a medical man of Scottish origin , practicing there . After qualifying as a member of the London College of Surgeons , they were for a short time an army assistant-surgeon at Woolwich , but returned to Newcastle in 1815 , and commenced practice with their father . As a practitioner , and especially as a surgeon , the took a leading position in their town and throughout the northern counties , being remarkable for their punctuality and for the long distances they would ride in all weathers . In 1834 they took an active part in founding the Newcastle School of Medicine , in which they long lectured on surgery , being also surgeon to the Newcastle Infirmary . They became fellow of the College of Surgeons in 1844 .
In 1848 , assisted by Dr Robert Mortimer Glover , they did the autopsy on the 15 year old Hannah Greener , who had died controversially under the effects of the then-new drug chloroform , the first human death from this cause .
Politics
Fife 's distinction as a local politician was even greater than their mark as a surgeon . They were an advanced liberal , and in their early days was stigmatized as a Chartist . In 1831 they were active in forming the Northern Political Union , which agitated in favour of the Reform Bill . Fife 's stirring speeches had a great effect at this time . In 1835 they were elected one of the first members of the new corporation of Newcastle , and was immediately chosen alderman . In 1838–9 they were mayor , and when the Chartist outbreak of July 1839 took place they displayed conspicuous courage and good judgment in suppressing it . For this they were knighted in 1840 . In 1843 they were again mayor , and presided at a great meeting on 22 Jan. 1843 , addressed by Mr. Cobden , in furtherance of the Anti-Corn Law agitation . They continued a member of the corporation till 1863 . They were one of the most influential promoters of the volunteer movement in Newcastle in 1859 , and became lieutenant-colonel of the local regiment , resigning their post in 1868 , and receiving a silver centrepiece valued at 100£ as a testimonial from the regiment . They were for some years president of the Newcastle Mechanics ' Institute , and supported many educational and other measures for the benefit of the working classes .
After a life of great activity , Fife suffered from stone in the bladder , which was removed by Sir W. Fergusson in 1870 , but they were compelled to retire from practice . On 15 January 1871 they were attacked by paralysis , and died next day at Reedsmouth , North Tyne , aged 75 . They married a Miss Bainbridge , by whom they had several children , including four sons . Personally , Fife was held in warm regard by men of all parties . They were frank , openhearted , and generous , courtly in manner and neat in person .
References
1795 births
1871 deaths
19th-century English people
18th-century English people
English surgeons
English politicians
People from Newcastle upon Tyne
English knights
Kumudavalli is a Gram panchayat in Palakoderu mandal situated about 1 km away from Bhimavaram City of West Godavari District , Andhra Pradesh , India . Kumudavalli Gram Panchayat is one of the four ISO 9001:2008 certified villages in India . The nearest railway station is at Bhimavaram Junction located at a distance of 3.04 Km from Kumudavalli .
Demographics
According to Indian census , 2001 , the demographic details of Kumudavalli village is as follows :
Total Population : 4,123 in 1,186 Households
Male Population : 2,072 and Female Population : 2,051
Children Under 6-years of age : 596 ( Boys - 332 and Girls - 264
Total Literates : 2,409
References
Villages in West Godavari district
Brigitte Alice Askonas ( 1 April 1923 – 9 January 2013 ) was a British immunologist and a visiting professor at Imperial College London from 1995 .
Education
Brigitte Askonas was born to Czechoslovak parents , Jewish converts to Catholicism , who fled Austria after the Nazi takeover .
Vienna-born Askonas studied biochemistry at McGill University ( BSc , MSc ) and carried out their postgraduate work in the school of biochemistry at the University of Cambridge where they were a student of Girton College , Cambridge .
Them role models in the department included two distinguished scientists , Marjory Stephenson and Dorothy Needham , two of the first women to be elected to the Royal Society . They said they taught them that `` good science gets recognition regardless of the sex of the scientist '' . Them PhD research was supervised by Malcolm Dixon .
Career and research
Them first position was at the Allan Memorial Institute of Psychiatry ( associated with McGill University ) . In 1952 , they joined the staff of the National Institute for Medical Research ( NIMR ) where they served as head of the division of Immunology from 1976 to 1988 .
During that time , they worked extensively with fellow immunologist John H. Humphrey to establish the immunology divisions . Askonas focused on B cells and determined their role in producing antibodies as part of the immune response .
At the NIMR they began researching the biosynthesis of polypeptides in milk proteins discovering that the peptides were synthesised from amino acids rapidly in one piece . From 1955-59 they studied the sites of antibody formation using radioactivity to develop our understanding of antibody molecules and the cells of the immune system . From 1959-61 they studied plasma cell tumors as models for antibody formation . They went on to investigate macrophages and their role in antigen presentation ( 1962–1968 ) . From 1963 to 1966 they studied the fate of antigen in relation to antibody formation and later continued their study of B cells from 1965 to 1970 .
They wrote several biographies of high-profile scientists , including Niels Kaj Jerne , César Milstein and John Herbert Humphrey . Askonas conducted a filmed interview with Stanley Peart as a segment of what became the Medical Sciences Video Archive housed in the special collections of the library at Oxford Brookes University .
Awards and honours
In 2007 they were made a foreign associate of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States and won the Robert Koch Prize . They were also elected a Fellow of the Royal Society ( FRS ) in 1973 and a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences ( FMedSci ) .
References
1923 births
2013 deaths
Alumni of Girton College , Cambridge
Austrian emigrants to the United Kingdom
British immunologists
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences ( United Kingdom )
Fellows of Girton College , Cambridge
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
McGill University Faculty of Science alumni
National Institute for Medical Research faculty
Place of death missing
20th-century American women scientists
20th-century American scientists
Fellows of the Royal Society
21st-century American women
The Church of Saint Philip Neri ( Catalan : Església de Sant Felip Neri ) is a baroque-style church located in the Plaça de Sant Felip Neri , in the Gothic quarter of Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain . It was built between 1721 and 1752 . During the Spanish Civil War , on January 30 , 1938 , it was bombarded by Franco 's air forces ( the effects of the explosion can be seen on the facade ) . The church has a convent annex belonging to the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri .
The composer Francesc Queralt produced a number of oratorios for performance at the church .
References
Roman Catholic churches in Barcelona
Belley is a commune in Eastern France .
Belley may also refer to :
Places
Canton of Belley
Arrondissement of Belley
People
Jean-Baptiste Belley ( c.1746–1805 ) , former slave and member of the National Convention and the Council of Five Hundred of France
Louis de Gonzague Belley , ( 1863–1930 ) , Canadian politician
Marlène Belley ( born 1963 ) , Canadian poet
See also
du Bellay family , a French noble family from the historic Anjou region
Lisa Ann Beley ( born 1967 ) , a Canadian voice actor
Belly ( disambiguation )
In six-dimensional geometry , a rectified 6-cube is a convex uniform 6-polytope , being a rectification of the regular 6-cube .
There are unique 6 degrees of rectifications , the zeroth being the 6-cube , and the 6th and last being the 6-orthoplex . Vertices of the rectified 6-cube are located at the edge-centers of the 6-cube . Vertices of the birectified 6-cube are located in the square face centers of the 6-cube .
Rectified 6-cube
Alternate names
Rectified hexeract ( acronym : rax ) ( Jonathan Bowers )
Construction
The rectified 6-cube may be constructed from the 6-cube by truncating its vertices at the midpoints of its edges .
Coordinates
The Cartesian coordinates of the vertices of the rectified 6-cube with edge length are all permutations of :
Images
Birectified 6-cube
Alternate names
Birectified hexeract ( acronym : brox ) ( Jonathan Bowers )
Rectified 6-demicube
Construction
The birectified 6-cube may be constructed from the 6-cube by truncating its vertices at the midpoints of its edges .
Coordinates
The Cartesian coordinates of the vertices of the rectified 6-cube with edge length are all permutations of :
Images
Related polytopes
These polytopes are part of a set of 63 uniform 6-polytopes generated from the B6 Coxeter plane , including the regular 6-cube or 6-orthoplex .
Notes
References
H.S.M . Coxeter :
H.S.M . Coxeter , Regular Polytopes , 3rd Edition , Dover New York , 1973
Kaleidoscopes : Selected Writings of H.S.M . Coxeter , edited by F. Arthur Sherk , Peter McMullen , Anthony C. Thompson , Asia Ivic Weiss , Wiley-Interscience Publication , 1995 ,
( Paper 22 ) H.S.M . Coxeter , Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I , [ Math . Zeit . 46 ( 1940 ) 380-407 , MR 2,10 ]
( Paper 23 ) H.S.M . Coxeter , Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II , [ Math . Zeit . 188 ( 1985 ) 559-591 ]
( Paper 24 ) H.S.M . Coxeter , Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III , [ Math . Zeit . 200 ( 1988 ) 3-45 ]
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes , Manuscript ( 1991 )
N.W . Johnson : The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs , Ph.D .
o3x3o3o3o4o - rax , o3o3x3o3o4o - brox ,
External links
Polytopes of Various Dimensions
Multi-dimensional Glossary
6-polytopes
No Ceilings 3 is a double disc mixtape by American rapper Lil Wayne , hosted by DJ Khaled . The Side was released on November 27 , 2020 . It features guest appearances from Drake , Young Thug , Gudda Gudda , Euro , Cory Gunz , HoodyBaby , Vice Versa , YD , and Jay Jones . The B Side was released on December 18 , with additional guest appearances from Big Sean , Rich The Kid , Lil Twist , and 2 Chainz .
Promotion
On August 28 , 2020 , Wayne re-released the 2009 mixtape No Ceilings for commercial release on streaming services . They also announced the second sequel to the mixtape during an interview on ESPN . On November 25 , the mixtape was officially announced by DJ Khaled with the release date , previewing two songs . In an exclusive press release , Lil Wayne told Complex : `` The mixtape game seemed to be a dying art and since I 'm one of the pioneers of the craft , and it played such a big part in my career , I felt it was only right to resurrect it . Also , it 's a lot of songs out here I wanted to kill my way . '' On December 1 , `` B.B . King Freestyle '' was released commercially on streaming services .
Track listing
References
Lil Wayne albums
2020 mixtape albums
Sequel albums
Young Money Entertainment albums
Radomír Heizer ( born 23 November 1987 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Nice hockey Côte d'Azur of the Ligue Magnus .
Heizer previously played in the Slovak Extraliga for HK Spišská Nová Ves , HC '05 Banská Bystrica , HK Poprad and HK Martin . They also played in the Czech Extraliga for HC Karlovy Vary and the Metal Ligaen for the Herlev Eagles .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Les Aigles de Nice players
HC '05 Banská Bystrica players
HC Karlovy Vary players
Herlev Hornets players
HK Poprad players
HK Spišská Nová Ves players
MHC Martin players
People from Gelnica
Slovak ice hockey centres
From Hell to Paradise is the second album by the American country music band The Mavericks . It was released in 1992 on MCA Nashville Records . The only album to feature David Lee Holt on lead guitar comprises ten songs , including re-recordings of four from their first album , The Mavericks ( 1991 ) : `` Mr. Jones '' , `` The End of the Line ( Jim Baker ) '' , `` This Broken Heart '' and `` A Better Way '' . Two cover songs appear on this album : `` Excuse Me ( I Think I 've Got a Heartache ) '' and `` Hey Good Lookin ' '' , which were previously recorded by Buck Owens and Hank Williams , respectively . The latter cover was one of two singles released from this album , and it peaked at # 74 on the Billboard country charts in 1992 . The other , `` I Got You '' b/w `` A Better Way '' , failed to chart .
Track listing
All songs written by Raul Malo except where noted .
`` Mr. Jones '' – 3:24
`` The End of the Line '' – 3:33
`` Excuse Me ( I Think I 've Got a Heartache ) '' ( Buck Owens , Harlan Howard ) – 2:38
`` This Broken Heart '' – 3:45
`` I Got You '' ( Malo , Radney Foster ) – 3:11
`` From Hell to Paradise '' – 4:46
`` A Better Way '' – 3:49
`` Forever Blue '' – 3:26
`` Hey Good Lookin ' '' ( Hank Williams ) – 2:37
`` Children '' – 5:04
Personnel
The Mavericks
Paul Deakin- drums , vibraphone
David Lee Holt- electric guitar
Raul Malo- bass guitar , 12-string guitar , acoustic guitar , electric guitar , lead vocals , background vocals
Robert Reynolds- bass guitar , background vocals
Additional musicians
The Arvida Middle School Choir- background vocals
Eddie Bayers- drums
Richard Bennett- acoustic guitar , electric guitar , requinto , tiple
Steve Fishell- dobro , steel guitar
David Hungate- bass guitar
John Barlow Jarvis- piano , organ
John Leventhal- bass guitar , organ
Debbie Spring- fiddle , viola
Martin Stewart- electric guitar , mandolin
Harry Stinson- background vocals
Marty Stuart- mandolin
Cindy Richardson-Walker- background vocals
Dennis Walker- background vocals
Pete Wasner- piano
Roger White- organ
Homer Willis- harmonica
Dennis Wilson- background vocals
References
1992 albums
The Mavericks albums
Albums produced by Richard Bennett ( guitarist )
MCA Records albums
The free market principle is an Islamic principle . Islam considers commodities with intrinsic value as currency . The following are some examples of commodities that can be used as currency : gold ( as Gold Dinar ) , silver ( as Silver Dirham ) , dates , wheat , barley , and salt . The mentioned six items are derived from a hadith i.e gold , silver , dates , wheat , barley , and salt and were used as money in barter system . As the items mentioned in hadith , therefore , also known as Sunnah money .
Paper money or electronic money can be used as long as it is backed by one of these commodities at a fixed exchange rate ( in other words the paper is just a contract stipulating that the bearer can redeem the paper for a fixed measure ( weight ) of that particular commodity ) . Until 1971 , most currencies of the world were backed by gold . However , only governments could redeem paper , not the average citizen .
The price of a commodity is set by the market as long as fiat currency ( paper ) is not used . On the other hand , the price/value of commodities can be manipulated/adjusted by the creators of fiat money ( by virtue of the market law of supply and demand ) .
References
Islam
Islamic culture
This article shows the rosters of all participating teams at the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League
in several countries .
Pool A
ASPTT Mulhouse
The following is the roster of the France club ASPTT Mulhouse in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Magali Magail
CS Volei Alba-Blaj
The following is the roster of the Romania club CS Volei Alba-Blaj in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Darko Zakoč
Developres SkyRes Rzeszów
The following is the roster of the Poland club Developres SkyRes Rzeszów in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Lorenzo Micelli
Voléro Zürich
The following is the roster of the Switzerland club Voléro Zürich in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Gil Ferrer Cutiño
Pool B
Agel Prostějov
The following is the roster of the Czech Republic club Agel Prostějov in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Miroslav Čada
Fenerbahçe SK Istanbul
The following is the roster of the Turkey club Fenerbahçe SK Istanbul in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Jan De Brandt
Imoco Volley Conegliano
The following is the roster of the Italia club Imoco Volley Conegliano in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Daniele Santarelli
Igor Gorgonzola Novara
The following is the roster of the Italia club Igor Gorgonzola Novara in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Massimo Barbolini
Pool C
Chemik Police
The following is the roster of the Poland club Chemik Police in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Jakub Głuszak
Dinamo Kazan
The following is the roster of the Russia club Dinamo Kazan in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Rishat Gilyazutdinov
Maritza Plovdiv
The following is the roster of the Bulgaria club Maritza Plovdiv in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Ivan Petkov
Vizura Ruma
The following is the roster of the Serbia club Vizura Ruma in the 2017–18 CEV Women 's Champions League .
Head coach : Dejan Desnica
References
Squads
Events from the year 1781 in Ireland .
Incumbent
Monarch : George III
Events
8 August – construction of The Custom House , Dublin , to the design of James Gandon , begins .
Arts and literature
First annual Granard harp festival .
Births
6 February – John Keane , 1st Baron Keane , British Army Lieutenant-General ( died 1844 ) .
25 December ? – Sydney Owenson , novelist ( died 1859 ) .
William Benjamin Sarsfield Taylor , painter ( died 1850 ) .
Deaths
26 September – Andrew Lewis , pioneer and surveyor , soldier from Virginia ( born 1720 ) .
References
1780s in Ireland
Years of the 18th century in Ireland
Ireland
Libertarian Communist Party ( in Spanish : Partido Comunista Libertario ) was a political party in Spain . Based in Valencia , PCL was registered in 1991 .
References
Communist parties in Spain
The Rumbold Baronetcy , of Wood Hall in Watton in the County of Hertford , is a title in the Baronetage of Great Britain . It was created on 27 March 1779 for the politician and colonial administrator Thomas Rumbold . The second Baronet was Minister at Hamburg . The fifth Baronet was President of Nevis and of the Virgin Islands . The eighth Baronet was Ambassador to Austria from 1896 to 1900 . The ninth Baronet was also a distinguished diplomat and served as Ambassador to Germany from 1928 to 1933 . The tenth Baronet was Ambassador to Thailand and Austria .
Sir ( Horace ) Algernon Fraser Rumbold ( 1906–1993 ) , son of Colonel William Edwin Rumbold , second son of the eighth Baronet , was Deputy High Commissioner to South Africa from 1949 to 1953 , Deputy Under-Secretary of State from 1958 to 1966 and author of Watershed in India 1914–1922 .
Rumbold baronets , of Wood Hall ( 1779 )
Sir Thomas Rumbold , 1st Baronet ( 1736–1791 )
Sir George Berriman Rumbold , 2nd Baronet ( 1764–1807 )
Sir William Rumbold , 3rd Baronet ( 1787–1833 )
Sir Cavendish Stuart Rumbold , 4th Baronet ( 1815–1853 )
Sir Arthur Carlos Henry Rumbold , 5th Baronet ( brother of the 4th baronet ; 1820–1869 )
Sir Arthur Victor Raoul Anduze Rumbold , 6th Baronet ( son of the 5th baronet ; 1869–1877 )
Sir Charles Hale Rumbold , 7th Baronet ( brother of the 4th and 5th baronets ; 1822–1877 )
Sir Horace Rumbold , 8th Baronet ( brother of the 4th , 5th and 7th baronets ; 1829–1913 )
Sir Horace George Montagu Rumbold , 9th Baronet ( 1869–1941 )
Sir ( Horace ) Anthony Claude Rumbold , 10th Baronet ( 1911–1983 )
Sir Henry John Sebastian Rumbold , 11th Baronet ( born 1947 )
See also
Rombouts
References
Kidd , Charles , Williamson , David ( editors ) . Debrett 's Peerage and Baronetage ( 1990 edition ) . New York : St Martin 's Press , 1990 ,
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of Great Britain
1779 establishments in Great Britain
Dame Caroline Dean ( born 2 April 1957 ) is a British plant scientist working at the John Innes Centre . They are focused on understanding the molecular controls used by plants to seasonally judge when to flower . They are specifically interested in vernalisation — the acceleration of flowering in plants by exposure to periods of prolonged cold . They have also been on the Life Sciences jury for the Infosys Prize from 2018 .
Education
Dean was educated at the University of York , where they were awarded a Bachelor of Arts degree in Biology in 1978 and a PhD . in Biology in 1982 .
Research and career
Dean 's research has been funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council European Research Council , EU-Marie Curie and EMBO and focuses on research on gene regulation and the intersection of chromatin , transcription and non-coding RNAs . Them goal is to understand the chromatin dynamics that enable switching between epigenetic states and quantitative regulation of gene expression . This mechanistic analysis is focused on one gene encoding the floral repressor FLC . Epigenetic switching and quantitative regulation of FLC play a central role in seasonal timing in plants . This acceleration of flowering by prolonged cold is a classic epigenetic process called vernalisation .
FLC regulation involves an antisense-mediated chromatin mechanism that coordinately influences transcription initiation and elongation . As plants overwinter FLC expression is then epigenetically silenced through a cold-induced , cis-based , Polycomb switching mechanism . The group is mechanistically dissecting these conserved chromatin mechanisms and investigating how they have been modulated during adaptation .
They use Arabidopsis as a reference to establish the regulatory hierarchy and then use this information to translate into other species . They were a pioneer in Arabidopsis becoming a key model organism in plant science .
Awards and honours
Them nomination for the Royal Society reads : Other awards include :
1993 – 2002 Honorary Research Fellow , School of Biological Sciences , University of East Anglia
1999 – Elected a member of the European Molecular Biology Organization ( EMBO )
2004 – Dean was appointed office of the Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( DBE ) and a Fellow of the Royal Society .
2007 – they were awarded the Genetics Society Medal
2008 – the United States National Academy of Sciences elected them a foreign member
2008 – elected a member of the German National Academy of Sciences Leopoldina .
2015 – FEBS/EMBO Women in Science Award .
2016 – Appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( DBE ) in the 2016 Birthday Honours for services to plant science research and women in science .
2016 – Dean was awarded with the Darwin Medal by the Royal Society for their work addressing fundamental questions in the perception of temperature cues and how modifications in epigenetic mechanisms play an important role in adaptation .
2018 – they were awarded the L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Award
2020 – they received the Wolf Prize in Agriculture .
2020 – awarded the Royal Society 'Royal Medal '
Personal life
Dean is married to Jonathan D. G. Jones and has one son and one daughter .
References
1957 births
Living people
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
20th-century British botanists
21st-century British botanists
British women biologists
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Alumni of the University of York
Academics of the University of York
Academics of the University of East Anglia
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Fellows of the Royal Society
L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science laureates
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
Phyllonorycter clemensella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Québec in Canada and Illinois , Kentucky , New York , Ohio , Maine , Connecticut and Michigan in the United States .
The wingspan is 6-6.5 mm .
The larvae feed on Acer species , including Acer saccharinum . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf .
References
External links
Bug Guide
clemensella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1871
The 1964 Richmond upon Thames Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Richmond upon Thames London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained control of the council .
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough . Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Barnes , Municipal Borough of Richmond and Municipal Borough of Twickenham . These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Richmond upon the Thames by the London Government Act 1963 .
A total of 154 candidates stood in the election for the 54 seats being contested across 25 wards . These included a full slate from the Conservative and Labour parties , while the Liberals stood 40 candidates . Other candidates included 3 Communists , 2 Independents and 1 Resident . There were 12 single-seat wards , 10 three-seat wards and 3 four-seat wards .
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors . The Conservatives got 7 aldermen and Labour 2 .
The Council was elected in 1964 as a `` shadow authority '' but did not start operations until 1 April 1965 .
Election result
The results saw the Conservatives gain the new council with a majority of 28 after winning 41 of the 54 seats . Overall turnout in the election was 47.5 % . This turnout included 750 postal votes .
Results
Ward results
References
1964
Richmond upon Thames
The air sports competition at the 2013 World Games was held from August 3 to August 4 in Cali , Colombia .
Medal Summary
Medal Table
Events
References
2013 World Games
World Games
2013
Juan Anthony Edghill ( born 25 December 1964 ) is a Guyanese pastor and politician . They are the founder and presiding bishop of Zadok Ministers Fellowship . Edghill is also the current Guyanese Minister of Public Works in Guyana .
Biography
Edghill was born in Georgetown on 25 December 1964 . They attended Hauraruni Full Gospel Missionary Training Center in 1983 and obtained a Diploma in Theology in 1986 .
Career
Between 2003 and 2011 , Edghill was the Chairman of Ethnic Relations Commission ( ERC ) in Guyana . In 2013 , Edghill became a parliamentarian in Guyana and was subsequently appointed Minister in August 2020 by President Irfaan Ali . He 's a member of the People 's Progressive Party .
References
Living people
1964 births
People from Georgetown , Guyana
Government ministers of Guyana
People 's Progressive Party ( Guyana ) politicians
South American political people
Titica is an Angolan singer and dancer , who is a kuduro musician . They were named `` best kuduro artist of 2011 '' .
Career
Titica 's popularity stems from their artist 's ability to fuse different styles into their ability and embracing their uniqueness in the Angolan music industry . Them stage name is Portuguese for worthless or useless ; they chose that stage name to reclaim the hateful words that people have thrown at them as a trans woman . Them success in the industry combats the homophobic and transphobic sentiments that exist in Angola and globally . They combine their training in ballet with traditional kuduro dance styles to portray a unique and personalized brand of femininity and control over their body .
Early career
Born Teca Miguel Garcia in Luanda , Titica began their career as a back-up dancer with acts such as Noite & Dia , Propria Lixa and Puto Portugues . Them first recording of a single was unplanned . They had only been intending to help Noite & Dia with inspiration to develop a chorus for a track , and the studio session resulted in recording Titica 's voice for the track . This experience began Titica 's music-recording career . A year later , in October 2011 , they recorded “ Chão ” and became an international success , particularly within Angola and the Angolan diaspora .
Influences
Titica is very public about their Congolese background and the influence that this has on their music . In their Red Bull Music Academy lecture in Berlin 2018 , they discuss some of their influences : “ I have a Congolese background . I listened to lots of music from Congo . Pépé Kallé [ and ] Koffi Olomide , who inspired me a lot. ” They further state that their music combines kuduro with the Congolese genres Kallé and N'dombolo .
Another source of Titica 's inspiration is female kuduro artist Fofandó . Titica discusses this influence in the same Red Bull Music Academy lecture , “ One of the most important female artists in the kuduro scene was Fofandó , who is the queen of kuduro . You hear around the world , in Brazil they say that I 'm the queen of kuduro , but kuduro has a queen who inspired us and I looked up to . ”
Activism and Advocacy
In 2013 , they were named a goodwill ambassador for UNAIDS . Through this role and their international popularity , Titica has increased awareness of HIV risks and treatment , sexual health , and issues regarding the LGBT community . In their statement with UNAIDS , Titica shares , `` I have been beaten and stoned for who I am . I have suffered so much humiliation , but I am ready to lead by example and help overcome stigma and discrimination in my country and beyond . ''
In addition to their platform as an internationally acclaimed public figure , Titica spreads awareness about these issues through the lyrics of their music . In their 2012 collaboration with popular Angolan singer Ary , “ Ohla O Boneca ” , Titica makes “ a bold stand for equal love. ” BBC also reports that their 2016 release “ Abaixa ” featuring DJ João Linho “ became an anthem for how to fight homophobia in Angola ” .
International Performances
Titica performed in Brazil in 2017 , where they released their song , `` Capim Guiné '' with the group BaianaSystem in Rio de Janeiro .
Present 2011–2012 : `` O Chão ... '' and `` Olha o Boneco '' song
On 15 December 2011 , Titica announced their first work , called O Chão . With the gorgeous single `` Olha o Boneco '' featuring the African-Portuguese Ary . The song joins a few kuduro moving and 'créu ' . It was released for the first time on 'Cultura Angolana Radio ' . In Portugal and Brazil the song has stayed in first place on the music charts for 3 weeks in Portuguese program TOP + and 7 weeks in Brazilian show Rolando Música .
`` Olha o Boneco '' , had a lot of success in discos , and TV shows in the PALOP ( African countries whose official language is Portuguese ) and some European countries . Titica in this song wants to give a message to the sexuality of some people in a few sentences they make their meaning « outrora fui bailarina , agora sou à menina » and when Ary sings « venho de forma diferente , e quem quiser que comente ... bem ou mal é de mim , porque estão falando assim » ; that we are all different but all human , all equal , just `` one love '' .
The second song of O Chão 's album is `` Ablua '' , recorded in Angola . The third single is known as `` Chão Chão '' and is included on the bonus track album .
Pra Quê Julgar ? – 2018
Pra Quê Julgar ? ( Why Judge ? ) is the third studio album by singer Angolana Titica . The songs are sung mostly in Portuguese and Angolan Portuguese , but there are also songs in French and in Lingala . The release of the album was preceded by the release of some promotional singles that were incorporated into its tracklist .
References
External links
Titica on Spotify
Titica on Genius
21st-century Angolan women singers
Living people
LGBT people from Angola
LGBT singers
People from Luanda
Transgender women musicians
1987 births
Ashburton Playing Fields is a playing field located in Woodside , London . It is managed by the London Borough of Croydon . The fields are bordered by Bywood Avenue in the north , Chaucer Green in the west and Woodville Avenue in the east . Stroud Green Way backs onto the western boundary . Tramlink services for the park are Arena and Woodside . It covers an area of .
Facilities include football and cricket pitches , changing rooms , and children 's playground . The fields are open 24 hours per day throughout the year , although pitches and use of changing rooms have to be booked in advance .
See also
List of Parks and Open Spaces in Croydon
Ashburton Park
Ashburton
Croydon Sports Arena
References
External links
Croydon Council - Ashburton Playing Fields
Croydon Council - History
Parks and open spaces in the London Borough of Croydon
The Red Moore Show is a 1962 Australian television series which aired on ABC . Starring Red Moore , it also featured Peggy Mortimer ( wife of Enzo Toppano and mother of Peta Toppano ) and Colin Croft . The series was a half-hour variety show , and aired for a single series .
Reception
The Sydney Morning Herald gave the show a mixed review , saying that `` I feel that someone has slipped badly '' but also that `` If both Moore and producer Upshaw can come up with a swift bit of pruning , the Red Moore Show could still come through with flying colours '' .
See also
The Toppanos
References
External links
The Red Moore Show on IMDb
1962 Australian television series debuts
1962 Australian television series endings
Black-and-white Australian television shows
English-language television shows
Australian variety television shows
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Karfunkel is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Aaron Karfunkel ( died 1816 ) , Bohemian rabbi
George Karfunkel ( born 1948/49 ) , American business person
See also
Garfunkel
The Theban Tomb TT17 is located in Dra Abu el-Naga , part of the Theban Necropolis , on the west bank of the Nile , opposite to Luxor . It is the burial place of the ancient Egyptian noble named Nebamun , who lived during the 18th Dynasty , during the reign of Amenhotep II . Nebamun was a scribe and a physician to the King .
Nebamun was the son of Nebseny , a judge , and Amenhotep ( ? ) . Their wife 's name is not completely preserved but resembles Ta [ .. ] nefer .
The tomb consists of a hall and an inner room . The hall is decorated with scenes of the deceased offering to their parents , and scenes from their life . Men are shown filling granaries , women are baking bread , etc .
In the inner room funerary scenes show a procession , rites before the mummy and offerings .
See also
List of Theban tombs
N. de Garis Davies , Nina and Norman de Garis Davies , Egyptologists
References
External links
Scans of Norman and Nina De Garis Davies ' tracings of Theban Tomb 17 ( external ) .
Buildings and structures completed in the 13th century BC
Theban tombs
Queenstown is a hamlet in southern Alberta , Canada within Vulcan County . It is located approximately south of Highway 1 and southeast of Calgary .
Climate
Demographics
The population of Queenstown according to the 2007 municipal census conducted by Vulcan County is 8 .
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Vulcan County
Goroka Urban LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Eastern Highlands Province , Papua New Guinea .
Wards
80 . Goroka Urban
85 . Bihute
References
Local-level governments of Eastern Highlands Province
The Abjad numerals , also called Hisab al-Jummal ( , ) , are a decimal alphabetic numeral system/alphanumeric code , in which the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet are assigned numerical values . They have been used in the Arabic-speaking world since before the eighth century when positional Arabic numerals were adopted . In modern Arabic , the word ( ) means 'alphabet ' in general .
In the Abjad system , the first letter of the Arabic alphabet , ʾalif , is used to represent 1 ; the second letter , bāʾ , 2 , up to 9. Letters then represent the first nine intervals of 10s and those of the 100s : yāʾ for 10 , kāf for 20 , qāf for 100 , ending with 1000 .
The word ʾabjad ( ) itself derives from the first four letters ( A-B-J-D ) of the Semitic alphabet , including the Aramaic alphabet , Hebrew alphabet , Phoenician alphabet , and other scripts for Semitic languages . These older alphabets contained only 22 letters , stopping at taw , numerically equivalent to 400 . The Arabic Abjad system continues at this point with letters not found in other alphabets : thāʾ= 500 , etc . Abjad numerals in Arabic are similar to the earlier alphanumeric codes of Hebrew gematria and Greek isopsephy .
Abjad order
The Abjad order of the Arabic alphabet has two slightly different variants . The Abjad order is not a simple historical continuation of the earlier north Semitic alphabetic order , since it has a position corresponding to the Aramaic letter samekh / semkat , yet no letter of the Arabic alphabet historically derives from that letter . Loss of was compensated for by the split of into two independent Arabic letters , ( ) and ( ) , which moved up to take the place of .
The most common Abjad sequence , read from right to left , is :
This is commonly vocalized as follows : مصر
.
Another vocalization is :
Another Abjad sequence ( probably older , now mainly confined to the Maghreb ) , is :
which can be vocalized as :
Another vocalization is :
Competing order
Modern dictionaries and other reference books use the newer ( ) order , which partially groups letters together by similarity of shape :
A now-dated Maghreb order exists ( replaced by the Mashriqi order ) :
Persian dictionaries use a slightly different order , in which و comes before ه instead of after it .
Uses of the Abjad system
Before the Hindu–Arabic numeral system , the abjad as numbers were used for all mathematical purposes . In modern Arabic , they are primarily used for numbering outlines , items in lists , and points of information . Equivalent to English , `` A . `` , `` B . `` , and `` C. '' ( or , rarer , Roman numerals : I , II , III , IV ) , in Arabic , thus `` '' , then `` '' , then `` '' , not the first three letters of the modern order .
The abjad numbers are also used to assign numerical values to Arabic words for purposes of numerology . The common Islamic phrase ( 'In the name of Allah , the most merciful , the most compassionate ' – see Basmala ) has a numeric value of 786 ( from a letter-by-letter cumulative value of 2+60+40+1+30+30+5+1+30+200+8+40+50+1+30+200+8+10+40 ) . The name Allāh by itself has the value 66 ( 1+30+30+5 ) .
Letter values
A few of the numerical values are different in the alternative Abjad order :
For four Persian letters these values are used :
Similar systems
The Abjad numerals are equivalent to the earlier Hebrew numerals up to 400 . The Hebrew numeral system is known as Gematria and is used in Kabbalistic texts and numerology . Like the Abjad order , it is used in modern times for numbering outlines and points of information , including the first six days of the week . The Greek numerals differ in a number of ways from the Abjad ones ( for instance in the Greek alphabet there is no equivalent for , ) . The Greek language system of letters-as-numbers is called isopsephy . In modern times the old 27-letter alphabet of this system also continues to be used for numbering lists .
See also
Western Arabic numerals
Eastern Arabic numerals
Arabic alphabet
Kufic
Abjad
Hurufism
'Ilm al-Huruf ( science of letters )
Gematria
Isopsephy
Katapayadi system
Greek numerals
References
External links
Overview of the abjad numerological system
Sufi numerology site
Numerical Value of an Arabic Text as per `` Abjad '' Calculation - www.alavibohra.org
Online Abjad Calculator in Arabic , Hebrew , Persian - With Reverse Abjad Numeral to Text
Numerals
Collation
Thomas Green , D.D . was an academic in the sixteenth century .
Green was born in Cockermouth . A Fellow of Jesus College , Cambridge they were Master of St Catharine 's , from 1507 to 1529 ; and Vice Chancellor of the University of Cambridge from 1523 to 1524 .
References
Fellows of St Catharine 's College , Cambridge
Masters of St Catharine 's College , Cambridge
People from Cockermouth
Makokoba is a suburb of Bulawayo , Zimbabwe . It was the first black African township in the city .
The suburb is named after the actions of Mr Fallon , the Native Commissioner , who used walk around with a stick . The name comes from the word `` ukukhokhoba '' which in the local Ndebele language means `` bending and walking with a stick ' . It was referring to Mr Fallon as `` the little old man who walks with a stick '' . The word actually describes the noise of the stick hitting the ground ko-ko-ko or the doors .
Association footballers Adam , Madinda and Peter Ndlovu come from Makokoba , as do music , arts , dance and theatre group Amakhosi Theatre and dance and theatre group Siyaya .
After independence the first councillor of the township was Nicholas Joel Mabodoko of ZAPU and the first member of parliament for the constituency was Sidney Malunga of Zapu .
Suburbs of Bulawayo
Palo Seco is a barrio in the municipality of Toa Baja , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 288 .
Palo Seco power plant
One of the main power plants supplying power to Puerto Rico is the fuel oil power plant located near Palo Seco , Toa Baja . Before Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Maria struck Puerto Rico in September 2017 , the Palo Seco plant was slated to close .
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Toa Baja , Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Toa Baja , Puerto Rico
James of Aragon may refer to :
James I of Aragon ( 1208–1276 ) ,
James II of Aragon ( 1267–1327 )
James of Aragon ( monk ) ( 1296–1334 ) , the eldest child of King James II
Marvin Goldhar ( April 29 , 1933 – March 31 , 2002 ) was a Canadian actor , best known for their voice work in animated programs and in made-for-TV movies .
Among their voice credits include Cedric Sneer on The Raccoons , Mr. Weatherbee on The New Archies and Bronto Thunder and Bonehead in Dinosaucers .
They have also done voices for television and films including Star Wars : Ewoks , Star Wars : Droids , Garbage Pail Kids , AlfTales , The Nutcracker Prince , Babar , Highlander : The Animated Series , Maxie 's World , Beverly Hills Teens , The Care Bears , Rupert , C.O.P.S. , Overdrawn at the Memory Bank , ALF : The Animated Series , Sylvanian Families , Starcom , Police Academy , WildC.A.T.s , The Magic School Bus , Little Rosey , The Busy World of Richard Scarry , Dog City , A Cosmic Christmas and My Pet Monster .
Goldhar also played roles in live-action such as Mogul in Mafia Princess , Gareth Williamson in Night Heat , Grandpa Maurice in The Zack Files , Ron Morrow in Hot Money , Detective # 1 in A Deadly Business , Larry Sr. in Big Deal , Burt Horowitz in Deadline , Phil King in The Last Polka , Harry in Club Land as well as a guest star on Saturday Night Live .
They died in Toronto , Ontario in 2002 .
Their son , Jeff Goldhar , currently works as a director/producer for CBC television .
Partial filmography
The Offering ( 1966 ) - Jack
My Pleasure Is My Business ( 1975 ) - All the detectives
Running ( 1979 ) - Maloney
Deadline ( 1980 ) - Burt Horowitz
Hot Money ( 1983 ) - Ron Morrow
Big Deal ( 1985 ) - Larry Sr .
The Raccoons ( 1985-1991 ) - Cedric Sneer / Henri de la Possum / Herman Zechariah Stroll / Sid Leech / J.P. Gordon
The Nutcracker Prince ( 1990 ) - Mr. Schaeffer / Mouse / Guest # 3 / First Guard / Soldier / Band Member # 1 / Contestant / Spectator ( voice )
External links
1933 births
2002 deaths
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male film actors
The following are units which operated the Bristol Blenheim :
Operators
Australia
Royal Australian Air Force
No . 454 Squadron RAAF
No . 459 Squadron RAAF
Canada
Royal Canadian Air Force
Article XV squadrons serving under direct command and control of the RAF , with RAF owned aircraft .
No . 404 Squadron RCAF used Blenheim IVF ( Apr 41 - Jan 43 ) with Coastal Command .
No . 406 Squadron RCAF used Blenheim I and IV ( May 41 - Jun 41 ) as night fighters .
No . 407 Squadron RCAF used Blenheim IV ( May 41 - Jul 41 ) while working up to operational status with Coastal Command .
Independent State of Croatia
Zrakoplovstvo Nezavisne Države Hrvatske
Eight captured ex-Royal Yugoslav Air Force Mk I aircraft were acquired by the ZNDH from the Germans after the April invasion in 1941 . Several survived to the end of the War , with one retreating to Klagenfurt Austria upon the collapse of the Independent State of Croatia ( NDH ) in May 1945 .
Finland
Finnish Air Force
Finland was the first export order for the Blenheim and 18 Mark Is were delivered between 29 July 1937 and 27 July 1938 . A licence to local produce the aircraft was granted in April 1938 but none of the 15 ordered from State Aircraft Factory were delivered before the Russian invasion . Twelve new Mark IVs were diverted from RAF production and these were followed by 12 former RAF Marks Is .
No . 41 Squadron
No . 42 Squadron
No . 43 Squadron
No . 44 Squadron
No . 45 Squadron
No . 46 Squadron
No . 48 Squadron
Free France
Free French Air Force
No . 342 Squadron RAF
Nazi Germany
Luftwaffe
One damaged Blenheim Mk IV was captured during Battle of France in 1940 . It was later repaired and used as special training aircraft from 1940 until 1942 .
Greece
Hellenic Air Force
The Hellenic Air Force in its campaigns against Italy and Germany in 1940 and 1941 , operated 12 Mk IVs ( delivered before WWII without sights , bomb racks , wireless radios and intercoms ) and 6 Mk Is ( delivered in February 1941 ) . In the Middle East , the Hellenic Air Force operated 19 Mk IVs ( from January 1942 till January 1943 ) and 31 Mk Vs ( from January 1943 till September 1943 ) .
India
Royal Indian Air Force
Indonesia
Indonesian Air Force
One Blenheim Mk IV was captured during the Indonesian National Revolution from the IJAAF . It was re-engined with Nakajima Sakae engines .
Italy
Regia Aeronautica
Blenheim Mk.IV N3589 of No . 40 Squadron RAF landed in error at Pantelleria on 13 September 1940 and was evaluated at Guidonia airfield near Rome . One more was captured in Yugoslavia while two were seized in Italian East Africa but were recaptured when this territory fell into British hands . N3589 might be the Mk.IV appearing in a non-flying role in the movie Un Pilota Ritorna ( 1942 ) directed by Roberto Rossellini .
Japan
Imperial Japanese Army Air Service
At least one Blenheim Mk I and two Blenheim Mk IV wrecks were discovered in Semarang , Java in August 1947 . It was either captured during the Malayan campaign or the Dutch East Indies campaign .
New Zealand
Royal New Zealand Air Force
No . 489 Squadron RNZAF
Poland
Polish Air Forces in Great Britain
No . 307 Polish Night Fighter Squadron operated four aircraft of Mk Is and Mk IVs variants as trainers and hacks .
One Blenheim IV rebuild to VIP transport variant was used as personal transport aircraft of the General Władysław Anders , commander of 2nd Polish Corps
Portugal
Portuguese Air Force
Portuguese Naval Aviation
Romania
Romanian Air Force
Germany provided 6 captured ex-Royal Yugoslav Air Force Mk I aircraft to Romania in 1941 , where they joined 12 Mk Is previously purchased from Britain .
South Africa
South African Air Force
No . 15 Squadron SAAF
Turkey
Turkish Air Force
United Kingdom
Royal Air Force
No . 6 Squadron RAF
No . 8 Squadron RAF
No . 11 Squadron RAF
No . 13 Squadron RAF
No . 14 Squadron RAF
No . 15 Squadron RAF
No . 17 Squadron RAF
No . 18 Squadron RAF
No . 20 Squadron RAF
No . 21 Squadron RAF
No . 23 Squadron RAF
No . 25 Squadron RAF
No . 27 Squadron RAF
No . 29 Squadron RAF
No . 30 Squadron RAF
No . 34 Squadron RAF
No . 35 Squadron RAF
No . 39 Squadron RAF
No . 40 Squadron RAF
No . 42 Squadron RAF
No . 44 Squadron RAF
No . 45 Squadron RAF
No . 52 Squadron RAF
No . 53 Squadron RAF
No . 55 Squadron RAF
No . 57 Squadron RAF
No . 59 Squadron RAF
No . 60 Squadron RAF
No . 61 Squadron RAF
No . 62 Squadron RAF
No . 64 Squadron RAF
No . 68 Squadron RAF
No . 82 Squadron RAF
No . 84 Squadron RAF
No . 86 Squadron RAF
No . 88 Squadron RAF
No . 90 Squadron RAF
No . 92 Squadron RAF
No . 101 Squadron RAF
No . 103 Squadron RAF
No . 104 Squadron RAF
No . 105 Squadron RAF
No . 107 Squadron RAF
No . 108 Squadron RAF
No . 110 Squadron RAF
No . 113 Squadron RAF
No . 114 Squadron RAF
No . 139 Squadron RAF
No . 140 Squadron RAF
No . 141 Squadron RAF
No . 142 Squadron RAF
No . 143 Squadron RAF
No . 144 Squadron RAF
No . 145 Squadron RAF
No . 150 Squadron RAF
No . 162 Squadron RAF
No . 173 Squadron RAF
No . 203 Squadron RAF
No . 211 Squadron RAF
No . 212 Squadron RAF
No . 218 Squadron RAF
No . 219 Squadron RAF
No . 222 Squadron RAF
No . 223 Squadron RAF
no . 224 Squadron RAF
No . 226 Squadron RAF
No . 229 Squadron RAF
No . 233 Squadron RAF
No . 234 Squadron RAF
No . 235 Squadron RAF
No . 236 Squadron RAF
No . 242 Squadron RAF
No . 244 Squadron RAF
No . 245 Squadron RAF
No . 248 Squadron RAF
No . 252 Squadron RAF
No . 254 Squadron RAF
No . 267 Squadron RAF
No . 272 Squadron RAF
No . 285 Squadron RAF
No . 287 Squadron RAF
No . 288 Squadron RAF
No . 289 Squadron RAF
No . 353 Squadron RAF
No . 500 Squadron RAF
No . 516 Squadron RAF
No . 521 Squadron RAF
No . 526 Squadron RAF
No . 527 Squadron RAF
No . 528 Squadron RAF
No . 600 Squadron RAF
No . 601 Squadron RAF
No . 604 Squadron RAF
No . 608 Squadron RAF
No . 614 Squadron RAF
Fleet Air Arm
748 Naval Air Squadron
759 Naval Air Squadron
762 Naval Air Squadron
770 Naval Air Squadron
771 Naval Air Squadron
772 Naval Air Squadron
775 Naval Air Squadron
776 Naval Air Squadron
780 Naval Air Squadron
787 Naval Air Squadron
788 Naval Air Squadron
798 Naval Air Squadron
Aeroplane & Armament Experimental Establishment
Royal Aircraft Establishment
Yugoslavia
Royal Yugoslav Air Force
The Royal Yugoslav Air Force acquired 24 Mk I aircraft from RAF stocks and subsequently undertook a licensed production run of some 36 aircraft . Tooling up for the production of the Mk IV was about to commence when interrupted by the Invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 . Some 20 partly completed airframes , as well as production tools and spare parts were subsequently sold by Germany to Finland .
See also
Bristol Blenheim
References
Notes
Bibliography
Bączkowski , W. Samolot bombowy Bristol Blenheim Mk.I-IV , Typy Broni I Uzbrojenia , No.171 ( in Polish ) . Warsaw , Poland : Bellona SA , 1995 .
Boiten , T. Bristol Blenheim . London : The Crowood Press , 1998. .
Bowyer , C. Bristol Blenheim . London : Ian Allan , 1984. .
Jefford , C.G . RAF Squadrons , a Comprehensive record of the Movement and Equipment of all RAF Squadrons and their Antecedents since 1912 . Shrewsbury , Shropshire , UK : Airlife Publishing , 1988 ( second edition 2001 ) . .
Keskinen , Kalevi et al . Suomen Ilmavoimien Historia 10 , Bristol Blenheim ( in Finnish ) . Loviisa , Finland : Painoyhtymä Oy , 2004. .
Kostenuk , S. and J. Griffin . RCAF Squadron Histories and Aircraft : 1924–1968 . Toronto : Samuel Stevens , Hakkert & Company , 1977. .
Lake , Jon . Blenheim Squadrons of World War II . London : Osprey Publishing , 1998. .
Likso , T. and D. Canak . Hrvatsko Ratno Zrakoplovstvo u Drugome Svjetskom Ratu ( The Croatian Airforce in the Second World War ) . Zagreb , 1998. .
Mackay , Ron . Bristol Blenheim in Action . Carrollton , Texas : Squadron/Signal Publications , 1998. .
March , Daniel J. , ed . British Warplanes of World War II . London : Aerospace , 1998. .
Marttila , Jukka . Bristol Blenheim - Taitoa ja tekniikkaa ( in Finnish ) . Vantaa , Finland : Blenimi-Publishing , 1989. .
Mason , Francis K. The British Bomber Since 1914 . London : Putnam Aeronautical Books , 1994. .
Neulen , H.W . In the Skies of Europe – Air Forces allied to the Luftwaffe 1939-1945 . Wiltshire , UK : Crowood Press , 2000. .
Savic , Dragan and Boris Ciglic . Croatian Aces of World War II ( Osprey Aircraft of the Aces - 49 ) . Oxford , Osprey , 2002. .
Shores , C. , B. Cull and N. Malizia . Air War for Yugoslavia , Greece & Crete – 1940-41 . London : Grub Street , 1987. .
Thomas , A. Bristol Blenheim ( Warpaint No . 26 ) . Denbigh East , Bletchley , UK : Hall Park Books , 2000. .
Warner , G. The Bristol Blenheim : A Complete History . London : Crécy Publishing , 2nd edition 2005. .
Lists of military units and formations by aircraft
Bharat Pumps & Compressors Limited ( BPC ) is a Miniratna Company , Public Sector Undertaking ( PSU ) of the Government of India . The company manufactures Reciprocating pumps , Centrifugal pumps , Reciprocating compressors , and high pressure seamless Gas cylinders . Headquarters in Allahabad .
History
BPC was set up in 1970 to cut the country 's dependence on import of hi-tech equipment like pumps and compressors for use in critical areas like oil & gas exploration , refineries , chemical & fertilizer plant and nuclear plants . Unfortunately , the company was unable to make profits . Eventually , it turned sick and was referred to the Board for Industrial and Financial Restructuring ( BIFR ) . BPC 's losses had accumulated to as on 31 March 2005 and the net worth had turned negative at . The company was referred to the BIFR and was on the verge of being closed down after 35 years of operations .
The company has seen a dramatic turnaround in its performance from the financial year 2005-06 . The company 's profit before tax ( PBT ) in the financial year 2006-07 was , which increased to in 2009-10 . During the same period , its net worth increased from to . The turnover went up to in 2009-10 from in 2006-07 .
The turnaround of the company is credited to Abhay Kumar Jain , who was appointed the MD of the sick company in the year 2005-06 . The special efforts and corporate strategies put in place by Jain , after joining on 31.12.2005 , yielded the much awaited turnaround of the Company . BPCL achieved a net profit of ₹1.84 crores during Financial Year 2005-06 after accounting for interest amounting to ₹135 million as against a loss of ₹108.6 million during previous year 2004-05 . This remarkable feat of turnaround is of significance since it was achieved without considering the benefits of financial restructuring .
Presently , the company is again running in loss . Jain invested nearly ₹100 crores in purchase of new machines and had projected business of ₹1600 crores but this target was never achieved and as a result , company incurred loss .
On the 28th of September 2016 , the Government of India announced the privatization of Bharat Pumps & Compressors . On 17 April 2018 the Government of India issued an Expression of Interest for a 100 % stake in Bharat Pumps & Compressors .
On the 14th of Jan 2021 , the Government of India announced the liquidation of Bharat Pumps & Compressors .
References
External links
Business Line : Navaratna ' cos to help revive bleeding PSUs
The Hindu : Bharat Pumps ' revamp plan in place
Moneycontrol.com : Buy BHEL ; target of Rs 1650 : Merrill Lynch
Ex - Chairman and Managing Director BPC , Naini , Shri . Abhay Kumar Jain
Government-owned companies of India
Engineering companies of India
Companies based in Allahabad
1970 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Indian companies established in 1970
Olavi Rinteenpää ( 24 September 1924 – 10 January 2022 ) was a Finnish steeplechase runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics . Rinteenpää died on 10 January 2022 , at the age of 97 .
References
External links
1924 births
2022 deaths
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Finnish male steeplechase runners
Olympic athletes of Finland
John A . Carbon , Ph.D. is a Professor Emeritus of molecular and cellular biology at the University of California , Santa Barbara . They earned their B.S . degree in Chemistry in 1952 at the University of Illinois , and their Ph.D. degree in Biochemistry in 1955 from Northwestern University . They did basic research developing new anticancer drugs at Abbott Laboratories ( North Chicago , IL ) for 12 years ( 1956-1968 ) . They joined the faculty of the University of California , Santa Barbara in 1968 , and became Professor Emeritus in 1999 . Their research contributions include elucidation of the mechanism of genetic missense suppression in bacteria , the development of techniques to make genomic libraries using recombinant DNA , techniques for using yeast for DNA cloning , characterization of centromere DNA , and construction of the first artificial chromosomes . Many of their later research contributions were carried out in collaboration with their wife , Professor Louise B. Clarke . They were elected to membership in the United States National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1986 . Carbon was among the founding scientific advisors of the Amgen Corporation . An endowed chair in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at UC Santa Barbara was named for Carbon . The chair is currently held by Jamey Marth .
Carbon and Louise Clarke , their wife , published the Carbon-Clarke equation in 1976 , used for calculating the number of clones required when constructing a clone library to ensure a given probability ( usually > 99 % is desired ) of containing any sequence , given the size of the genome and the average size of a clone .
References
External links
Academic home page
Living people
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
American biochemists
University of California , Santa Barbara faculty
Northwestern University alumni
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Bidsukhteh ( , also Romanized as Bīdsūkhteh ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 52 , in 13 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
This is a list of villages in Goraul block , Vaishali district , Bihar state , India .
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Goraul
Coalla is a department or commune of Gnagna Province in northern Burkina Faso . Its capital lies at the town of Coalla . It has an area of 1,957 km2 .
Towns and villages
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Gnagna Province
Stained Class is the fourth studio album by English heavy metal band Judas Priest , released on 10 February 1978 by Columbia Records . It is the first of three Judas Priest albums to feature drummer Les Binks , as well as the first to feature the band 's now well-known logo . The album features `` Exciter '' , considered an early precursor to speed metal and thrash metal , as well as a cover version of `` Better by You , Better than Me '' by Spooky Tooth , which garnered the band a great deal of negative attention several years after its release when a pair of fans were allegedly influenced by the song to make a suicide pact . Nonetheless , Stained Class is regarded by some as one of Judas Priest 's best albums .
Overview
Stained Class is the only Judas Priest album to feature songwriting by all five members of the band . Newly added drummer Les Binks earned a songwriting credit for `` Beyond the Realms of Death '' , and bassist Ian Hill received their first songwriting credit for co-writing `` Invader '' with vocalist Rob Halford and lead guitarist Glenn Tipton .
Artist Rosław Szaybo 's cover artwork introduced the now-classic Judas Priest logo , replacing the Gothic Script logo which appeared on all of the band 's previous albums . Stained Class was the first Judas Priest album to crack the Billboard 200 chart and was eventually certified gold in the US .
Dennis MacKay was brought in by CBS Records to produce the album . Their resume at the time consisted mainly of jazz fusion artists and more progressive rock artists such as David Bowie and Supertramp . The recording sessions for Stained Class took place in October and November 1977 at Chipping Norton Recording Studios in Oxfordshire .
`` Better by You , Better than Me '' was a last-minute addition to the album when CBS Records insisted on including something with commercial potential to liven up an album they felt had a very dark and sinister tone . The song was recorded with producer James Guthrie separately from the rest of the album , as MacKay had moved on to other projects and was no longer available . The band was reportedly so impressed with Guthrie 's production on `` Better by You , Better than Me '' that they asked them to produce their next album , Killing Machine .
Critical reception
In 2005 , Stained Class was ranked number 307 in Rock Hard magazine 's book of The 500 Greatest Rock & Metal Albums of All Time . In 2017 , it was ranked 43rd in Rolling Stone 's `` 100 Greatest Metal Albums of All Time '' .
After the success of subsequent Judas Priest albums in the US , Stained Class would eventually be certified Gold .
The song `` Invader '' was finally added to the band 's setlists in 2021 , making `` Heroes End '' the only song off the album that has never been performed live .
Lawsuit
Twelve years after its release , Stained Class was the subject of a 1990 civil action brought against the band by the family of a teenager , James Vance , who entered into a suicide pact with their friend Ray Belknap after allegedly listening to `` Better by You , Better than Me '' on 23 December 1985 . Belknap succeeded in killing himself , and Vance was left critically injured after surviving a self-inflicted gunshot to the face , eventually dying of a methadone overdose three years later . The suit alleged that Judas Priest recorded subliminal messages on the song that said `` do it '' . The suit was eventually dismissed . The song was originally written and performed by the band Spooky Tooth .
Three weeks after the lawsuit wrapped up , the band kicked off their Painkiller Tour by playing `` Better by You , Better than Me '' on the first concert in Burbank , California on 13 September . It constitutes Judas Priest 's only live performance of the song since 1979 .
Comedian Bill Hicks ridiculed the lawsuit as part of their act , pointing out ( as many others have also done ) the absurdity of the notion that a successful band would wish to kill off their purchasing fanbase .
Track listing
Personnel
Judas Priest
Rob Halford – vocals
K. K. Downing – guitars
Glenn Tipton – guitars
Ian Hill – bass
Les Binks – drums
Additional personnel
Dave Holland - drums ( Track 10 )
Scott Travis - drums ( Track 11 )
Production
Produced by Dennis MacKay and Judas Priest , and engineered by Neil Ross , except `` Better By You , Better Than Me '' , produced by James Guthrie and Judas Priest , and engineered by Ken Thomas and Paul Northfield
Coordinated by John Blackburn
Mixed by Neil Ross , Ken Thomas , Paul Northfield
Art design by Rosław Szaybo
Photography by Ronald Kass
David Hemmings – management
Arnakata Limited – management
Charts
Certifications
|-
References
External links
Stained Class at the Judas Priest Info Pages site . Accessed July 10 , 2005 .
1978 albums
Columbia Records albums
Judas Priest albums
Mr . Impossible is the sixth studio album by New York based American experimental noise band Black Dice . It was released on April 10 , 2012 , on Ribbon Music .
Track listing
`` Pinball Wizard '' - 5:10
`` Rodriguez '' - 4:21
`` The Jacker '' - 4:23
`` Pigs '' - 3:27
`` Spy Vs. Spy '' - 4:43
`` Outer Body Drifter '' - 5:37
`` Shithouse Drifter '' - 4:12
`` Carnitas '' - 8:17
`` Brunswick Sludge ( Meets Front Range Tripper ) '' - 5:50
References
Black Dice albums
2012 albums
Willie Weeks ( born August 5 , 1947 ) is an American bass guitarist . They have gained fame performing with famous musicians in a wide variety of genres . They have been one of the most in-demand session musicians throughout their career . Weeks has also gained fame touring with many of rock 's heavyweights throughout their career .
Career
Weeks was born in Salemburg , North Carolina and began playing the electric bass in the early 1960s . Their earliest influences were the country , pop and R & B music they heard on the radio . Weeks counts bassists Ron Carter , James Jamerson , and Ray Brown as early influences .
Weeks has worked in the studio or toured with a wide range of artists , including :
Gregg Allman , David Bowie , Clarence `` Gatemouth '' Brown , Roy Buchanan , Jimmy Buffett , Kevin Chalfant , Eric Clapton , Hank Crawford , Robert Cray , Pino Daniele , Bo Diddley , The Doobie Brothers , Lou Fellingham , Aretha Franklin , Vince Gill , Buddy Guy , Isaac Hayes , George Harrison , Donny Hathaway , Etta James , Billy Joel , Rickie Lee Jones , Wynonna Judd , Chaka Khan , B.B . King , Lyle Lovett , Gail Davies , David Lee Roth , Michael McDonald , Don McLean , John Mayer , John Mellencamp , Bette Midler , Randy Newman , Pino Palladino , Leon Russell , Boz Scaggs , John Scofield , Carly Simon , Soulive , Rod Stewart , The Rolling Stones , James Taylor , Richard and Linda Thompson , Joe Walsh , Steve Winwood , Bobby Womack , Stevie Wonder , Ronnie Wood and Eikichi Yazawa .
Their playing on Donny Hathaway 's Live ( 1972 ) , including a 3½ minute bass solo on `` Voices Inside ( Everything Is Everything ) '' , is regarded by many bass players as some of Weeks ' best work . They played a 1962 Fender P-Bass through an Ampeg SVT amplifier on the recording ( though it had initially been reported that they played through an Ampeg B-15 ) .
Weeks ' contributions to the Hathaway album impressed many English rock musicians , leading to their work with Ronnie Wood , George Harrison and David Bowie from 1974 onwards . In a press conference for their 1974 North American tour , Harrison cited Weeks ' musicianship when dismissing the likelihood of a Beatles reunion , saying they would `` rather have Willie Weeks on bass than Paul McCartney '' .
Weeks played with Ask Rufus , the precursor band to Rufus with Chaka Khan . They appeared on their recording of Al Kooper 's song `` Brand New Day '' . Weeks also played with the Fabulous Amazers and Bill Lordan ( pre Robin Trower drummer ) in the Minnesota group Gypsy . They also played bass guitar for Michael 's Mystics back in the 1960s in Minnesota , with Lordan again on drums . That band recorded `` Pain '' by the Grassroots , a big hit locally for the Mystics .
They also played bass at Clapton 's Crossroads Guitar Festival on July 28 , 2007 at Toyota Park in Bridgeview , Illinois .
Equipment
In addition to their red 1962 Fender Precision , Weeks uses a maple-neck 1958 Precision and a 1964 Fender Jazz Bass , as well as a tobacco sunburst Kay four-string acoustic bass for Clapton 's `` unplugged repertoire '' . Weeks used a sunburst 1963 P-Bass during Clapton 's 2008 European Summer tour . In 2014 they began using their `` WW '' Willie Weeks signature bass by Bee Basses .
On the 2009 Australasian and British tours , Weeks played Fender , Kay and Alleva Coppolo basses . In 2017 , Weeks used a custom made Alien Audio bass made by Charles `` Chopper '' Anderson in Nashville .
Weeks appeared in the films Blues Brothers 2000 ( in a fictional supergroup along with other musicians he 's worked with ) and Lightning in a Bottle .
Discography
With Gypsy
1971 In the Garden
With Donny Hathaway
1972 Live
1973 Extension of a Man
With Herbie Mann
1973 Turtle Bay
With Stevie Wonder
1973 Innervisions
With Gloria Jones
1973 Share My Love
With Aretha Franklin
1974 Let Me in Your Life
With Randy Newman
1974 Good Old Boys
1977 Little Criminals
1979 Born Again
With Ronnie Wood
1974 I 've Got My Own Album to Do
1975 Now Look
2001 Not for Beginners
With Rod Stewart
1974 Smiler
1976 A Night on the Town
With George Harrison
1974 Dark Horse
1975 Extra Texture ( Read All About It )
1976 Thirty Three & 1/3
1979 George Harrison
1981 Somewhere in England
1982 Gone Troppo
With Don McLean
1974 Homeless Brother
With David Bowie
1975 Young Americans
With James Taylor
1975 Gorilla
1976 In the Pocket
With Carly Simon
1975 Playing Possum
With Terry Garthwaite
1975 Terry
With Kenny Vance
1975 Vance 32
With Al Jarreau
1976 Glow
With Richie Havens
1976 The End of the Beginning
With Dianne Brooks
1976 Back Stairs of My Life
With Maria Muldaur
1976 Sweet Harmony
With David Batteau
1976 Happy in Hollywood
With Steve Winwood
1977 Steve Winwood
With Cher and Gregg Allman
1977 Two the Hard Way
With Dan Fogelberg
1978 Twin Sons of Different Mothers
With Joe Walsh
1978 But Seriously , Folks ...
With Rickie Lee Jones
1979 Rickie Lee Jones
With Bette Midler
1979 Thighs and Whispers
With Adam Mitchell
1979 Redhead in Trouble
With Chaka Khan
1980 Naughty
With Stephen Bishop
1980 Red Cab to Manhattan
With Michael McDonald
1982 If That 's What It Takes
1986 No Lookin ' Back
2017 Wide Open
With Bill LaBounty
1982 Bill LaBounty
With The Doobie Brothers
1983 Farewell Tour
With John Mellencamp
1983 Uh-huh
1989 Big Daddy
2001 Cuttin ' Heads
With Rosanne Cash
1985 Rhythm & Romance
With Jimmy Buffett
1986 Floridays
With William Lee Golden
1986 American Vagabond
With Webb Wilder
1989 Hybrid Vigor
With Etta James
1989 Seven Year Itch
1992 The Right Time
With Vince Gill
1989 When I Call Your Name
1991 Pocket Full of Gold
1992 I Still Believe in You
1994 When Love Finds You
2000 Let 's Make Sure We Kiss Goodbye
2003 Next Big Thing
2013 Bakersfield
2016 Down to My Last Bad Habit
With Kenny Rogers
1989 Something Inside So Strong
1997 Across My Heart
With Marty Balin
1991 Better Generation
With Ronna Reeves
1991 Only the Heart
With Joan Baez
1992 Play Me Backwards
1997 Gone from Danger
With Wynonna Judd
1992 Wynonna
1993 Tell Me Why
1996 Revelations
1997 The Other Side
2000 New Day Dawning
2003 What the World Needs Now Is Love
With John Michael Montgomery
1992 Life 's a Dance
With Tracy Lawrence
1994 I See It Now
With Billy Burnette
1994 Coming Home
With Rodney Crowell
1995 Jewel of the South
With Peter Cetera
1995 One Clear Voice
2001 Another Perfect World
With Janis Ian
1995 Revenge
2000 God and the FBI
With Tanya Tucker
1995 Fire to Fire
2002 Tanya
With Lisa Brokop
1996 Lisa Brokop
With Dan Hill
1996 I 'm Doing Fine
With Lari White
1996 Do n't Fence Me In
With Anita Cochran
1997 Back to You
With Tara Lyn Hart
1999 Tara Lyn Hart
With Sonya Isaacs
2000 Sonya Isaacs
With Robert Cray
2001 Shoulda Been Home
With Hal Ketchum
2001 Lucky Man
With Alicia Keys
2003 The Diary of Alicia Keys
With Keb ' Mo '
2004 Keep It Simple
With Amy Grant
2005 Rock of Ages ... Hymns and Faith
With J. J. Cale and Eric Clapton
2006 The Road to Escondido
2016 Live in San Diego
With John Mayer
2006 Continuum
With Eric Clapton
2010 Clapton
2013 Old Sock
With LeAnn Rimes
2013 Spitfire
2014 One Christmas : Chapter 1
2015 Today Is Christmas
2016 Remnants
With Boz Scaggs
2013 Memphis
2018 Out of the Blues
With Leon Russell
2014 Life Journey
With John Oates
2014 Good Road to Follow
With Colin James
2015 Hearts on Fire
With Mark Ronson
2015 Uptown Special
With Cyndi Lauper
2016 Detour
With Elizabeth Cook
2016 Exodus of Venus
With Ronnie Baker Brooks
2017 Times Have Changed
With Gloria Gaynor
2019 Testimony
With Wendy Moten
2020 I 've Got You Covered
With Cravity
2020 Season 2 . Hideout : The New Day We Step Into
References
External links
Clark , Doug ( January 21 , 2007 ) . `` The mark of a musician '' . The Sampson Independent . Retrieved on August 31 , 2007 .
Johnston , Richard ( August 2005 ) . `` Willie Weeks Does It All '' . Bass Player . Retrieved on August 31 , 2007 . ( See web archive version )
Guitar Player . November 1990 .
Eric Clapton 's Fan Club
Bass Player.com Willie Weeks
American country bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
American rock bass guitarists
American session musicians
The Doobie Brothers members
1947 births
Living people
People from Sampson County , North Carolina
Guitarists from North Carolina
20th-century American bass guitarists
Gypsy ( band ) members
Country musicians from North Carolina
20th-century American male musicians
On the Loose is a 1985 Swedish film directed by Staffan Hildebrand and distributed by Föreningsfilmo AB . It stars Tomas Fryk and Carina Lindström and features appearances by rock 'n ' roll singer Jerry Williams and the hard rock band Europe .
Plot
Peter works as a welder in their hometown Katrineholm , but dreams of getting a better job with more money . When Europe comes to Katrineholm to do a concert , Peter finds out that their girlfriend Nina had a relationship with the band 's vocalist Joey Tempest many years ago . Peter thinks Nina wants to get back together with Joey , so they get very jealous , gets drunk at the concert and goes berserk . The safety officer Frasse makes Peter realize they should pull themselves together and go sort things out with Nina .
Cast
Tomas Fryk as Peter
Carina Lindström as Nina
Jerry Williams as Frasse
Europe as themselves :
Joey Tempest
John Norum
John Levén
Mic Michaeli
Ian Haugland
Thomas Erdtman as Europe 's manager
Joakim Ramstedt as security guard
Frank Nietsch as security guard
Johnny Aland as Peter 's co-worker
Henrik Nilsson as Peter 's co-worker
Jan-Erik Piotrowski as Peter 's co-worker
Stig Winblad as Peter 's co-worker
Stefan Perzanowski as Peter 's co-worker
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was written by Joey Tempest and featured the songs `` Rock the Night '' , `` On the Loose '' and `` Broken Dreams '' . It was released as an EP . A live performance of `` Rock the Night '' by Europe is shown in the film . The John Lennon song `` Working Class Hero '' is also featured in the film , as sung by Jerry Williams .
External links
On the Loose at the Internet Movie Database
Swedish short films
1985 films
1980s Swedish-language films
1980s Swedish films
In computing , comp is a command used on DEC OS/8 , DOS , DR FlexOS , IBM OS/2 , Microsoft Windows and related computer operating systems such as ReactOS . It is used to perform comparisons of multiple computer files to show the differences between them .
History
In DOS , the comp command first appeared in PC DOS 1.0 and has been included in most versions of MS-DOS and PC DOS . A newer command , fc was added in DOS 3.3 which allows for line comparisons in addition to binary comparisons . DR DOS 6.0 also includes an implementation of the command .
The FreeDOS version was developed by Paul Vojta and is licensed under the MIT License . Ged Murphy developed the ReactOS version . It is licensed under the GNU GPL 2 .
The command is also available in the EFI shell .
Syntax
The command-syntax is :
comp [ < Data1 > ] [ < Data2 > ] [ /d ] [ /a ] [ /l ] [ /n= < Number > ] [ /c ]
Parameters
< Data1 > – Location and name of the first file or set of files
< Data2 > – Location and name of the second file or set of files
/d – Display differences in decimal format ( Default is hexadecimal )
/a – Display differences as characters
/l – Display the number of the line , instead of the byte offset
/n= < Number > – Compare only the specified number of lines for each file
/c – Perform a non case-sensitive comparison
/off [ line ] – Process files with the offline attribute set
/ ? – Display Help
See also
Data comparison
List of DOS commands
diff
References
Further reading
External links
comp | Microsoft Docs
External DOS commands
OS/2 commands
ReactOS commands
File comparison tools
Imagine Me Gone is a 2016 novel by American author and novelist Adam Haslett . It concerns a couple , Margaret and John , who marry despite John 's crippling depression , and is narrated by the couple and their three children . The novel was short-listed for the National Book Award and the 2017 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction .
Reception
The novel received positive reviews . Critics particularly focused on the quality of Haslett 's prose . Lara Feigel , writing for The Guardian called their writing `` finely adapted for each of the characters '' . NPR 's Heller McAlpin noted how , `` Haslett 's signature achievement in Imagine Me Gone is to temper the harrowing with the humorous while keeping a steady bead on the pathos . ''
References
2016 American novels
English-language novels
Books about depression
The 2018 North Greenville Crusaders football team will represent North Greenville University during the 2018 NCAA Division II football season . They will be led by sixth-year head coach Jeff Farrington . The Crusaders will play their home games at Younts Stadium , and are members of the Gulf South Conference .
The 2018 season marks as the first season as members of the Gulf South Conference .
Preseason
Gulf South Conference coaches poll
On August 2 , 2018 , the Gulf South Conference released their preseason coaches poll with the Crusaders predicted to finish in 7th place in the conference .
Preseason All-Gulf South Conference Team
The Crusaders had no players selected to the preseason all-Gulf South Conference team .
Schedule
North Greenville 2018 football schedule consists of five home and six away games in the regular season . The Crusaders will host GSC foes Mississippi College , Shorter , West Alabama , and West Florida , and will travel to Delta State , Florida Tech , Valdosta State , and West Georgia .
The Crusaders will host one of the three non-conference games against Lenoir–Rhyne from the South Atlantic Conference ( SAC ) , and will travel to North Alabama , which is a FCS Independent team and Tusculum from the SAC .
Two of the eleven games will be broadcast on ESPN3 , as part of the Gulf South Conference Game of the Week .
The game between Mississippi College and North Greenville was cancelled in advance of the arrival of Hurricane Florence . The game will not be rescheduled .
Game summaries
at Tusculum
Lenoir–Rhyne
at Delta State
West Alabama
at West Georgia
Shorter
at Valdosta State
West Florida
at Florida Tech
at North Alabama
References
North Greenville Crusaders
North Greenville Crusaders football seasons
North Greenville Crusaders football
Lists of medical abbreviations
Ahavath Torah is a Conservative congregation in Stoughton , Massachusetts . Formed as a merger of two older congregations founded in the 1890s , it is the oldest synagogue in Stoughton .
Congregation Ahavath Achim was formed in Stoughton in 1893 . Congregation Talmud Torah was formed in Stoughton soon after , in 1895 . Both congregations worshiped in various houses . In 1918 , the congregations merged with the Hebrew Benevolent Society to form Ahavath Torah Congregation , with 25 members , and Rev . M. L. Graham as its spiritual head . That year the congregation began construction of its first synagogue building on Porter Street , which was dedicated on October 14 , 1919 . The congregation was , however , only officially incorporated on September 5 , 1930 .
In 1954 , Ahavath Achim opened its religious school . In need of a larger synagogue building , it purchased and moved into the former Congregational Church at 30 Pearl Street in 1958 . As Stoughton 's Jewish population grew , membership increased to 72 families , and land was purchased in three stages for a new synagogue . The present building at 1179 Central Street was dedicated in 1970 . Further growth led to a significant renovation and expansion of the synagogue building , which was completed in 1987 .
The synagogue has hosted many notable guest speakers , including Geert Wilders , Wafa Sultan , and Dr. Mordechai Kedar , as well as entertainment from singer Sam Glaser , and a Bob Lazarus memorial show .
Congregational rabbis have included Henry Gerson , David Oler , Harold Schechter , and Steven Conn. , the rabbi is Jonathan Hausman .
Notes
External links
Official website
Conservative synagogues in Massachusetts
Religious organizations established in 1893
Buildings and structures in Norfolk County , Massachusetts
The West Cork Rally , Clonakilty Park Hotel West Cork Rally is an annual motorsport tarmac rallying event held in Clonakilty , County Cork , Ireland . Promoted and organised by Cork Motor Club , the rally began in 1977 and has run on or near St. Patricks Weekend ever since with just a few exceptions ( 1987 , 2001 and 2020 ) . It is , according to a book about the rally 's early history , an `` important local cultural and economic event '' .
It was a counting round of the Irish National Rally Championship for a number of years in the early days . In 2015 it became a full round of the Irish Tarmac Rally Championship for the first time , and remains a regular round since . While it became known as predominantly a clubman rally , it ran under an International Permit in 1986 and since 2016 . Since 2019 the West Cork Rally hosts a round of British Rally Championship .
History
Early years ( 1977-1980 )
The first West Cork Rally took place on 18 & 19 March 1977 , and from an initial entry of 80 cars , 68 made the start with 28 classified finishers . Ger Buckley & John Caplice were scheduled to do the event , but in the week leading up to the rally Billy Coleman was looking to drive their cousins car . The plan was for Billy to drive and Ger to co-drive , but after a test Ger decided it was not for them and that their regular co-driver John Caplice would sit with Billy instead . John Caplice said they are n't aware of this until the morning of the rally when they arrived in Clonakilty ! However the partnership was very successful and they took a very comprehensive win .
The second event in 1978 saw the rally upgraded to a counting round of the new Shellsport Stages Rally Championship ( the modern day National Rally Championship ) . An ambitious route under the watchful eye of the relatively youthful Michael `` Bones '' O'Connor saw the 21 stage rally start in Clonakilty and end up in Bantry for the lunch halt . The same stages were tackled in reverse all the way back towards Clonakily that day with a total of thirteen tough test in mainly appalling weather . The second day had eight more stages , and the weather did n't let up , but Mick & Anne O'Connell were the victors in somewhat controversial circumstances . They were off the road for over 20 minutes on a stage that was ultimately cancelled . Ger Buckley their closest rival was n't happy and appealed the decision to the RIAC , but the O'Connells were eventually awarded the win . The event lost its championship status for 1979 , but that did n't hinder its progress as by 1980 upwards of 160 crews were starting the event , many of them travelling from all parts of the U.K. , including Billy Coleman , Roger Clark , Malcolm Wilson ( now head of Ford Motorsport ) , Jimmy McRae ( father of Colin McRae ) , Ger Buckley and Bertie Fisher . The demanding West Cork stages proved too much for many of the big names who were forced out with Ger Buckley claiming the title that year .
The Zanussi years ( 1981-1986 )
1981 saw Zanussi come on board as the events first major title sponsor and Tony Pond became the first overseas driver to win the rally in a Vauxhall Chevette HSR . Zanussi were to stay on board as title sponsors for six years in total as the rallys profile grew each year . This was the era of Richie Heeley , Russell Brookes , Frank Meagher , Mark Lovell and Kenny McKinstry . Along with coming into the National Rally Championship again ( up to 1985 ) , it was also a counting round of the EARS / Motoring News championship which attracted a lot of U.K. crews . Over 170 crews started the 1984 event with many more , including Billy Coleman , on a bulging reserve list . Cork Motor Club applied for an International permit for 1986 which saw it removed from the National series , but still not part of the Tarmac Championship . Frank Meagher won the 1986 event which was their first international win . There were also entrants from France and West Germany for this rally .
Cancellation and rebuilding ( 1987-1994 )
A series of accidents involving spectators in other events took place in 1986 . Event insurance premiums skyrocketed and that saw all rallying in Ireland come to a halt for the first six months of 1987 . As a result the West Cork Rally did not run in 1987 , and it dropped back to national status in 1988 . It was still able to start 120 crews despite not attracting the star quality names of previous years . The early 1990s showed increasing recovery in participant numbers and the popularity of the rally . Drivers like Frank O'Mahony and Bob Fowden gained valuable experience in these years .
Celtic Tiger years ( 1995-2007 )
The 1990s were an exciting time for the rally . Rallying in general was becoming more popular and this was reflected in the West Cork Rally . The rally was very competitive with many leading talents taking part including John Price , Bob Fowden and Liam O'Callaghan . Both Price and O'Callaghan won the rally twice but both were outdone by Fowden who claimed the title three times – 1995 , 1997 and 1999 . Fowden is something of an iconic figure at the Rally and their three titles are the most won by any driver . Other well-regarded drivers in this period were Frank O'Mahony , Gwyndaf Evans , Denis Cronin and Liam McCarthy . Liam , a Dunmanway man who has competed in 20 West Cork Rallies , finally won the event in 2009 . In 1998 , the rally saw its first local winners in Donal O'Donovan and Pat Lordan . The late 1990s and early 2000s saw the rise of new drivers financed by the booming Celtic Tiger years . Drivers like Stephen Murphy , Derek McGarrity , Eamon Boland , Michael Barrable and Donie O'Sullivan all appeared in Clonakilty with some of the finest machinery available . 2000 marked the first victory for a Subaru Impreza WRC in the hands of Stephen Murphy . Since that year , the Impreza WRC has won eight times , becoming the dominant car . Before the Subaru came along , Ford cars reigned supreme . The first four winners were all Ford Escort RS1800s and later the Ford Sierra Cosworth and Ford Escort Cosworth were strong , the Escort Cosworth being driven by Bob Fowden for each of their victories .
The rally has only failed to run twice in the past years - the 1987 insurance crisis after a number of incidents in 1986 and 2001 cancellation to prevent the spread of Foot and Mouth disease .
Recession years ( 2008-2013 )
With the downturn in the economic climate , drivers faced greater challenges getting cars to compete in the rally . Despite these challenges , the rally continued to thrive and was an essential element to the Clonakilty tourism season .
Tarmac Championship years ( 2014-present )
Donagh Kelly created history on the 2016 event when they became only the second driver to win the rally three times , and the first achieve this in successive years .
As of 2018 they were won the event a remarkable five times in a row . The rally was a counting round for the Tarmac Modified Championship only in 2014 , and was a full counting round in 2015 . The West Cork Rally has run under an international permit since 2016 and was the opening round of the 2018 Irish Tarmac Rally Championship following the cancellation of the Galway International Rally for 2018 . The event received a lot of local support , and seen as an opening of the tourism season .
The 2019 event was the second round of both the Irish Tarmac Rally Championship and the British Rally Championship as well as the opening round of the PlasticBags.ie Southern 4 Rally Championship . The event starred Mikko Hirvonen , who competed in Ford Escort Mk2 and won the National Section of the rally .
The 2019 Clonakilty Hotel West Cork Rally event took place on 16 & 17 March . The race was run by Greg McCarthy , Clerk Of The Course and the Deputy COC Steve Davis . The rally consisted of 15 special stages , totaling to , and of liaison . Including juniors and historics a total of 205 entries were enlisted to the event . Overall winner was Craig Breen , only 22.2s ahead of Alister Fisher .
The 2020 Clonakilty Park Hotel West Cork Rally was scheduled to take place on 14–15 March , and traditionally host Irish Tarmac Rally Championship round as well as the British Rally Championship round for the second year running . On 12 March the event was postponed in the light of the coronavirus pandemic .
On 20 March , Motorsport Ireland issued a statement that all motorsport events are suspended until 1 June 2020 . On 28 April the Tarmac Rally Organisers ' Association announced that the 2020 Irish Tarmac Rally Championship is cancelled .
Roll of honour
References
External links
West Cork Rally Website
Irish Tarmac Championship
British Rally Championship
Annual events in Ireland
Rally competitions in Ireland
Motorsport in Ireland
Motorsport competitions in Ireland
Sport in County Cork
Marcelo Andrés Valencia Saraiva ( born 17 May 2002 ) is a Guatemalan professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Liga Nacional club Antigua .
Career
Nottingham Forest
Saraiva joined the Nottingham Forest under-23 's side on 7 January 2021 , signing a contract until June 2022 . Saraiva had previously played with Brazilian sides Flamengo and Internacional , but left the latter club in September 2020 to pursue opportunities in Europe following a successful application for a Portuguese passport . On 10 June 2022 , Nottingham Forest announced that Saraiva would be leaving the club once their contract expired .
International
Saraiva has represented Guatemala at the under-17 level in 2019 , before playing with the senior Guatemala national team against Puerto Rico in the CONCACAF Nations League in November 2019 .
Personal
Marcelo is the son of former Brazilian footballer Marcelo Henrique Saraiva and Lourdes Valencia , who belongs to a family of renowned Guatemalan footballers including Everaldo Valencia , who also played for the Guatemalan National Team .
References
2002 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Guatemalan footballers
Guatemala international footballers
Sport Club Internacional players
Nottingham Forest F.C . players
Guatemalan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Vortex Software was a video game developer founded by Costa Panayi and Paul Canter in the early 1980s to sell the game Cosmos which Panayi had developed for the Sinclair ZX81 . They converted the game to the ZX Spectrum , but due to the low sales of the ZX81 version they licensed the game to Abbex .
Luke Andrews , Costa 's brother-in-law , and Crete Panayi , Costa 's brother , became involved to handle the business affairs and advertising respectively . The company was based in Manchester .
In the summer of 1984 , Mark Haigh-Hutchinson was offered a position and ported several of the games to the Amstrad CPC in addition to writing Alien Highway for the ZX Spectrum .
Chris Wood and David Aubrey-Jones were also associated with Vortex as outside contractors .
The company produced several notable games for the 8-bit home computers of the period . Deflektor was also ported to the Commodore Amiga and Atari ST .
After the production of Hostile All Terrain Encounter in 1988 , Costa spent the next two years deciding where they wanted to go . In 1990 Vortex was reborn with Costa , Mark and Luke and the intention to develop a game for the Amiga and Atari ST . They developed a much enhanced version of Highway Encounter in just three months , but failed to find a software publisher for the game , so it remained unpublished .
Several games achieved critical success ; Tornado Low Level and Highway Encounter appearing in the `` Your Sinclair official top 100 '' , for example .
List of games
ZX81
ZX81 Othello ( 1981 )
Word Mastermind ( 1981 )
Pontoon ( 1981 )
Crash ( 1981 )
Astral Convoy ( 1983 )
Serpent 's Tomb ( 1983 )
ZX Spectrum
Cosmos ( 1982 ) , Abbex Electronics
Gun Law ( 1983 )
Android One : The Reactor Run ( 1983 ) , Vortex Software
Android Two ( 1983 ) , Vortex Software
Tornado Low Level ( 1984 ) , Vortex Software
Cyclone ( 1985 ) , Vortex Software
Highway Encounter ( 1985 ) , Vortex Software
Alien Highway ( 1986 ) , Vortex Software
Revolution ( 1986 ) , U.S. Gold
Deflektor ( 1987 ) , Gremlin Graphics
Hostile All Terrain Encounter ( H.A.T.E . ) ( 1989 ) , Gremlin Graphics
Amstrad CPC
Android One : The Reactor Run ( 1985 )
Android Two ( 1985 )
Highway Encounter ( 1985 )
Tornado Low Level ( T.L.L . ) ( 1986 )
Alien Highway ( 1986 )
Revolution ( 1986 , published by U.S. Gold )
Deflektor ( 1987 , published by Gremlin Graphics )
Hostile All Terrain Encounter ( H.A.T.E . ) ( 1988 , published by Gremlin 1990 , unfinished )
MSX
Highway Encounter ( 1986 )
Commodore C64
Highway Encounter ( Pedigree Software , 1986 , published by Gremlin Graphics )
Deflektor ( Gremlin Graphics , 1987 , published by Gremlin Graphics )
Hostile All Terrain Encounter ( H.A.T.E . ) ( Gremlin Graphics , 1987 , published by Gremlin Graphics )
References
External links
History of Vortex Software by Mark Haigh-Hutchinson
Costa Panayi at World of Spectrum
Defunct video game companies of the United Kingdom
Software companies of the United Kingdom
Arsinoë IV ( ; between 68 and 63 BC – 41 BC ) was the fourth of six children and the youngest daughter of Ptolemy XII Auletes . Queen and co-ruler of Ptolemaic Egypt with their brother Ptolemy XIII from 48 BC – 47 BC , they were one of the last members of the Ptolemaic dynasty of ancient Egypt . Arsinoë IV was also the half sister of Cleopatra VII . For their role in conducting the siege of Alexandria ( 47 BC ) against their sister Cleopatra , Arsinoë was taken as a prisoner of war to Rome by the Roman triumvir Julius Caesar following the defeat of Ptolemy XIII in the Battle of the Nile . Arsinoë was then exiled to the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus in Roman Anatolia , but they were executed there by orders of triumvir Mark Antony in 41 BC at the behest of their lover Cleopatra VII .
History
Arsinoë was the third , possibly fourth daughter of Ptolemy XII by an unknown woman ( presumably since Cleopatra VII 's probable mother Cleopatra V had died or been repudiated not long after Cleopatra VII was born . ) When Ptolemy XII died in 51 BC , they left their eldest son and daughter , Ptolemy and Cleopatra , as joint rulers of Egypt , but Ptolemy soon dethroned Cleopatra and forced them to flee from Alexandria . Julius Caesar arrived in Alexandria in 48 BC pursuing their rival , Pompey , whom they had defeated at the Battle of Pharsalus . When they arrived in Alexandria , they were presented with Pompey 's head . The execution of their longterm rival ended the possibility of an alliance between Caesar and Ptolemy , and they sided with Cleopatra 's faction . They declared that in accordance with Ptolemy XII 's will , Cleopatra and Ptolemy would rule Egypt jointly , and in a similar motion restored Cyprus , which had been annexed by Rome in 58 BC , to Egypt 's rule and gave it to Arsinoë and their youngest brother , Ptolemy XIV .
However , Arsinoë then escaped from the capital with their mentor , the eunuch Ganymedes , and took command of the Egyptian army . They also proclaimed themselves Queen as Arsinoë IV , executed Achillas , and placed Ganymedes second in command of the army immediately below herself . Under Arsinoë 's leadership , the Egyptians enjoyed some success against the Romans . The Egyptians trapped Caesar in a section of the city by building walls to close off the streets . Then Arsinoë directed Ganymedes to pour seawater into the canals that supplied Caesar 's cisterns which caused panic among Caesar 's troops . Caesar countered this measure by digging wells into the porous limestone beneath the city that contained fresh water . This only partially alleviated the situation , so they then sent ships out along the coast to search for more fresh water there . Caesar realized that they would need to break out of the city and hoped to do so by gaining control of the harbor . They launched an attack to seize control of the Lighthouse of Alexandria but Arsinoë 's forces drove them back . Recognizing their imminent defeat , Caesar removed their armor and purple cloak so that they could swim to the safety of a nearby Roman ship .
The leading Egyptian officers , having become disappointed with Ganymedes , and under a pretext of wanting peace , negotiated with Caesar to exchange Arsinoë for Ptolemy XIII . After Ptolemy was released they continued the war until the Romans received reinforcements and inflicted a decisive defeat upon the Egyptians . Arsinoë , now in Roman captivity , was transported to Rome , where in 46 BC they were forced to appear in Caesar 's triumph and was paraded behind a burning effigy of the Lighthouse of Alexandria , which had been the scene of their victory over him . Arsinoe , along with Juba II , elicited empathy from the crowd . Despite the custom of strangling prominent prisoners in triumphs when the festivities concluded , Caesar was pressured to spare Arsinoë and granted their sanctuary at the temple of Artemis in Ephesus . Arsinoë lived in the temple for a few years , always keeping a watchful eye on their sister Cleopatra , who perceived Arsinoë as a threat to their power . In 41 BC , at Cleopatra 's instigation , Mark Antony ordered Arsinoë 's execution on the steps of the temple . Them murder was a gross violation of the temple sanctuary and an act that scandalised Rome . The eunuch priest ( Megabyzos ) who had welcomed Arsinoë on their arrival at the temple as `` queen '' was only pardoned when an embassy from Ephesus made a petition to Cleopatra .
Year of birth
Arsinoë 's year of birth is generally regarded as being between 68 and 63 BC : The Encyclopædia Britannica cites 63 BC , making their 15 at the time of their uprising and defeat against Julius Caesar and 22 at their death , while the researcher Alissa Lyon cites 68 BC making their 27 at their death . Joyce Tyldesley places their birth date as between 68 and 65 BC . An alternate hypothesis was in the docudrama `` Cleopatra : Portrait of a Killer '' , in which it was alleged a headless skeleton of a female child between the ages of 15 and 18 may be Arsinoë .
I actions in the brief war against Caesar naturally suggest that they were older than that and thus , would make it impossible for them to be the headless female child buried in the tomb . Perhaps the strongest evidence that they were in fact exercising their own authority is that Caesar , after the Pharos debacle , was prepared to release Ptolemy XIII — a male , who continued the war against Caesar — just to get their hands on them Stacy Schiff , who places Arsinoë 's age at around seventeen during the events of 48-47 BC , notes that Arsinoë `` burned with ambition '' and was `` not the kind of girl who inspired complacency , '' writing that once Arsinoë escaped the royal palace they became more vocal against their half-sister and that they assumed their position as head of the army alongside anti-Caesar courtier Achillas .
Tomb at Ephesus
In the 1990s an octagonal monument situated in the centre of Ephesus was hypothesized by Hilke Thür of the Austrian Academy of Sciences to be the tomb of Arsinoë . Although no inscription remains on the tomb , it was dated to between 50 and 20 BC . In 1926 the skeleton of a female estimated to be between the ages of 15 and 18 years at the time of their death was found in the burial chamber . Thür 's identification of the skeleton was based on the shape of the tomb , which was octagonal , like the second tier of the Lighthouse of Alexandria , the carbon dating of the bones ( between 200 and 20 BC ) , the gender of the skeleton , and the age of the child at death . It was also claimed that the tomb boasts Egyptian motifs , such as `` papyri-bundle '' columns .
A DNA test was also attempted to determine the identity of the child . However , it was impossible to get an accurate reading since the bones had been handled too many times , and the skull had been lost in Germany during World War II . Hilke Thür examined the old notes and photographs of the now-missing skull , which was reconstructed using computer technology by forensic anthropologist Caroline Wilkinson to show what the woman may have looked like . Thür alleged that it shows signs of African ancestry mixed with classical Grecian features – despite the fact that Boas , Gravlee , Bernard and Leonard , and others have demonstrated that skull measurements are not a reliable indicator of race , and the measurements were jotted down in 1920 before modern forensic science took hold . Furthermore , Arsinoë and Cleopatra , shared the same father ( Ptolemy XII Auletes ) but had different mothers , with Thür claiming the alleged African ancestry came from the skeleton 's mother .
Mary Beard wrote a dissenting essay criticizing the findings , pointing out that , first , there is no surviving name on the tomb and that the claim the tomb is alleged to invoke the shape of the Pharos Lighthouse `` does n't add up '' ; second , the skull does n't survive intact and the age of the skeleton is too young to be Arsinoë 's ( the bones said to be that of a 15-18 year old , with Arsinoë being around their mid twenties at their death ) ; and third , since Cleopatra and Arsinoë were not known to have the same mother , `` the ethnic argument goes largely out of the window . '' Furthermore , craniometry as used by Thür to determine race is based in scientific racism that is now generally considered a pseudoscience that supported exploitation of groups of people to perpetuate racial oppression and distorted future views of the biological basis of race .
A writer from The Times described the identification of the skeleton as `` a triumph of conjecture over certainty '' . If the monument is the tomb of Arsinoë , they would be the only member of the Ptolemaic dynasty whose remains have been recovered . It has never been definitively proven the skeleton is that of Arsinoë IV .
References
Bibliography
External links
livius.org : Arsinoe IV
Pockley.S : Video of a bust of Arsinoë IV being copied Nov 2012 Arsinoe IV
60s BC births
41 BC deaths
1st-century BC Pharaohs
Cleopatra
Ancient Egyptian queens regnant
Pharaohs of the Ptolemaic dynasty
Ptolemaic princesses
1st-century BC women rulers
1st-century BC Greek people
1st-century BC Egyptian people
Egyptian people murdered abroad
Assassinated Egyptian people
Female pharaohs
Union Township is a township in Worth County , in the U.S. state of Missouri .
Union Township was organized in 1856 .
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Worth County , Missouri
Peach Orchard may refer to :
The Peach Orchard , a Gettysburg Battlefield site .
Peach Orchard , Arkansas
Peach Orchard , Kentucky
Peach Orchard , Missouri
Peach Orchard Township , Ford County , Illinois
An orchard where peaches are cultivated
The Peach Orchard ( album )
New York State Route 25D ( NY 25D ) was a state highway located on Long Island in the U.S. state of New York . It was originally the designation of Horace Harding Boulevard , Nassau Boulevard , and Powerhouse Road , the route of which the Long Island Expressway ( Interstate 495 ) took over as it was constructed in the 1950s . The NY 25D designation along the LIE was replaced by NY 24 upon the completion of the expressway through Queens and western Nassau County in 1958 .
Route description
NY 25D , as of 1950 , began at an intersection with NY 25 near the junction with NY 24 ( Queens–Midtown Expressway ) . Known as Horace Harding Boulevard , NY 25D went east through western Queens , crossing through the Rego Park section of the city . East of Rego Park , the route crossed an interchange with exit 8 of the Grand Central Parkway . The route , named after financier J. Horace Harding , crossed through Flushing Meadows Park , paralleling to the north of NY 25 and the Grand Central Parkway .
Continuing northeast through eastern Queens , NY 25D continued along Horace Harding Boulevard , reaching the Cross Island Parkway near Alley Pond Park . The route crosses through the southern end of Douglaston , running northeast to the Nassau County . Paralleling the Northern State Parkway , the route ran northeast along local streets , crossing through the North Hills section of the county . Crossing through the area , the route made a bend south through Old Westbury . The route soon reached an intersection with NY 25 , marking the eastern terminus of NY 25D .
History
NY 25D was assigned to an alternate route of NY 25 between Bayside ( at Springfield Boulevard , then-NY 25 ) and Westbury along Horace Harding Boulevard and Ellison Avenue ( now Old Westbury Road ) . NY 25 was rerouted between 92nd Street and Springfield Boulevard to follow Queens Boulevard and Union Turnpike through eastern Queens . The former routing of NY 25 between 92nd and Springfield became an extension of NY 25D . NY 25D was also realigned slightly on its eastern end to follow Roslyn Road , Main Street , and Broadway to a new eastern terminus at NY 25A in Roslyn . The route was later extended northward along Bryant Avenue to end at Glen Cove Road in East Hills , and realigned to proceed east and south on Westbury Road to NY 25 east of NY 25B in Westbury .
In the 1950s , the routing of NY 25D through eastern Queens and western Nassau County was converted into a limited-access highway as part of the construction of the Long Island Expressway across Long Island . Horace Harding Boulevard , and parts of Nassau Boulevard , and Powerhouse Road were then converted into service roads for the expressway while NY 25D was moved onto the expressway as it was completed . When the portion of the expressway in Queens and western Nassau County was completed in 1958 , NY 25D was replaced with a rerouted NY 24 .
The portion of NY 25D in Queens was ceremoniously named World 's Fair Boulevard in 1939 and 1940 for the 1939 New York World 's Fair .
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
025D
New York State Route 25D
Transportation in Nassau County , New York
Haedropleura maitreja is an extinct species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae .
Description
The length of the shell attains 7.5 mm .
Distribution
This extinct species occurs in Miocene strata of Belgium , Denmark and Germany
References
External links
Natural History Museum Rotterdam : Haedropleura maitreja
maitreja
Abdollah Guivian ( born 28 June 1960 ) is an Iranian writer and sociologist whose work focuses on anthropology of religion , media studies and Iranian Armenians . They were the founding editor of the journal Communication Research .
Guivian is credited as the `` father of video clips in Iran '' .
Abdollah Guivian holds a PhD in anthropology and communication in 2006 and is a Professor of Iran Broadcasting University .
Films
Seven Steps North ( 2007 )
Lullaby ( 2006 )
Publications/Books
Grounded theory , Tehran : Elmi Farhangi
Coding methods for qualitative researchers , Tehran : Elmi Farhangi
Hasr-e Del , Tehran : Hozeh Honari
Religion , television and culture in post-revolutionary Iran , SOAS , University of London , 2006 . ( PhD thesis )
Affection and Identity as Portrayed by Arbaeen Procession ; a Study of the Nature , Functions and Structure of Arbaeen Procession from the Viewpoint of Ritual Communication Imam Sadiq University , 2018 . ( Co-authored with Mohsen Amin )
Translations
The Symbolic Construction of Community , Anthony Cohen , Routledge 1985
Ritual Communication : From Everyday Conversation to Mediated Ceremony , Eric Walter Rothenbuhler , Sage 1998
References
External links
Living people
Iranian sociologists
University of Tehran alumni
1960 births
Anthropologists of religion
Iranian writers
English–Persian translators
Media studies writers
Do The Right Now is the fourth studio album by Canadian band The Lowest of the Low . Following the band 's break-up in 2007 , a few years later , in 2011 , they released a remastered 20th Anniversary edition of their debut album Shakespeare My Butt and got back together for a very successful tour that culminated with a sold-out show at Toronto 's Massey Hall and discussions for a fourth album were underway . These plans were scrapped in 2013 when original guitarist Stephen Stanley announced they were leaving the band . Lead singer Ron Hawkins said , shortly after their departure , that the future of the band was very much in doubt . `` The Low is in a 'dust settling ' phase right now . Stephen leaving was a surprise and no one in the band is quite certain as to why they left . We 're not clear as to whether or not the Lowest of the Low with a new guitarist makes sense . '' In 2015 , the plans became clearer as Brian MacMillan took over lead guitar duties and two new singles 'The Kids Are All Wrong ' and 'In The Blink Of An Eye ' were released . These singles indicated that the band was very much alive and the new album arrived two years later . There were more lineup changes by the time the new record came along . MacMillian was replaced by Michael McKenzie ( formerly of Universal Honey ) and Dylan Parker , who had replaced original bassist John Arnott on the previous album was now gone with Derrick Brady in their place . Brady has a long history with Hawkins having played in two of their other bands , The Rusty Nails and The Do Good Assassins .
Despite their exit , Parker gets credit for the germ of the idea that inspired the record when they suggested `` what about something kind of like a 'Shakespeare My Butt 2.0 ? ' Hawkins embraced the idea and went to work writing new material . `` The feeling that I might be writing a spiritual successor to 'Shakespeare ' was very much alive while I wrote 'Do The Right Now . ' I liked the idea of 52-year old me having a conversation with 25-year old me . '' The album does n't just feature Hawkins re-examining the 'Shakespeare ' era as a songwriter , it actually features two songs that did n't make the cut back in 1991 when that record was released . `` Something to Believe In '' and `` Gerona Train '' were both songs that were in the bands repertoire back then but they had never been recorded . `` We were already playing them in ( pre-Lowest of the Low band ) Popular Front . We thought , 'That 's old ! ' back then and the joke is we did them 25-years later . '' The omission of 'Gerona Train ' from Shakespeare My Butt was something Hawkins regretted . `` 'Gerona Train ' was about the Spanish Civil War . There are two songs on 'Shakespeare ' about the Spanish Civil War so it was kind of meant to be a trilogy of songs but for whatever reason we decided to leave the third one off the album . ''
The album was recorded at Revolution Recording in Toronto with co-owner Joe Dunphy serving as the records co-producer along with Hawkins . Not only was the material a throwback to the band 's first album when it came to the writing process , but Hawkins feels that carried through into the studio as well . `` There is a certain punky spirit to it , there is a certain kind of mixing of jangly rock and punk and folk music . There is the sorts of journalistic lyric writing that I did n't do as much of later , and those things in my mind really defines the Lowest of the Low . And there 's that ragged sense , because of the nature of the personalities of all the guys in the band , that the wheels might come of it at any time . ''
Two months before the album was set for release , the first single , `` Powerlines '' debuted . Hawkins felt the track established the retrospective tone of the new record . `` The song 'Powerlines ' is kind of central . It 's the history of the band in three verses , with the final one about how you got ta go for it . The line “ scrape your pretty practiced autograph in the windshield frost ” is about how you can pose all you like about how you do n't care if you make it , but at a certain point you need to just own it and admit that you 've got a lot of things you wan na say , and you hope that people listen . ''
In Gerrod Harris ' review for Canadianbeats.ca they said `` Lowest Of The Low have hit a high point with their returning record , Do The Right Now . The album is nostalgic of a time when indie and alternative rock was n't driven by electronic textures and synths , or in the opposite direction- simply acoustic progressions , banjos , and stomp boxes ... In the end , Do The Right Now may be one of the strongest alternative and indie records to come out this year and is more than worth checking out . ''
When the band signed a deal with Warner Music Canada in 2018 , `` Do The Right Now '' was given a vinyl release as part of the boxset `` Shakespeare My Box ! ! ''
Track listing
All songs written by Ron Hawkins
`` Powerlines '' – 3:41
`` Gerona Train '' – 4:19
`` Do the Right Now '' – 1:58
`` Saint Spurious '' – 3:41
`` Minuteman '' – 5:36
`` The Hard Way '' – 2:19
`` Something to Believe In '' – 4:11
`` Do n't Let It Lay You Low '' – 3:06
`` Sister Jude '' – 2:34
`` Infinite '' – 4:29
`` Immortal '' – 3:09
`` California Gothic '' – 4:30
References
2017 albums
The Lowest of the Low albums
The Astronauts is an independent Polish video game developer based in Warsaw . It was formed in October 2012 by Adrian Chmielarz , Michał Kosieradzki and Andrzej Poznański , who had founded People Can Fly in 2002 but left that studio in August 2012 after it was wholly acquired by Epic Games .
History
Adrian Chmielarz , Michał Kosieradzki , and Andrzej Poznański founded People Can Fly in 2002 , following Chmielarz 's departure from Metropolis Software , a studio they had co-founded in 1992 . People Can Fly was developed with the concept of helping to raise awareness of Poland 's contribution to the video game industry . People Can Fly 's first title , Painkiller , was critically successful and led to an agreement with THQ to publish a new title , Come Midnight , allowing the studio to expand from 20 to about 70 staff members . However , THQ canceled the project after a year and a half . To avoid going out of business , Chmielarz contacted Epic Games for an evaluation copy of Unreal Engine to let them develop a demo that they could shop around to gain funding . Epic 's Vice President Mark Rein was impressed with the demo they produced within the month and secured their work on the personal computer port of Gears of War . People Can Fly began to co-develop games with Epic , including more games in the Gears of War series and Bulletstorm . Around 2012 , Epic started evaluating the acquisition of People Can Fly , and this was completed by August of that year . At that same time , Chmielarz , Poznanski , and Kosieradzki announced they would be leaving People Can Fly to establish a new , smaller studio , The Astronauts . Chmielarz said that they had been concerned that with Tencent 's recent purchase into Epic to help them build out games as a service , that there would not be room for the type of narrative-driven games that they wanted to make . Both Chmielarz and Rein considered the departure amicable . The opening was announced in October 2012 .
With The Astronauts , Chmielarz was able to hire in some of the People Can Fly developers to build out smaller , story-focused games . Their first game was The Vanishing of Ethan Carter , which was released in September 2014 . The game is a horror-themed adventure game , with the player investigating a mystery involving the paranormal . Chmielarz considered it a spiritual successor to the cancelled Come Midnight project . The game was critically successful , and received the Best Game Innovation award at the 2015 British Academy Games Awards . The studio 's second title , Witchfire , was revealed during The Game Awards 2017 in December of that year . The trailer revealed the game to be a first-person shooter in addition to exploration from The Vanishing of Ethan Carter .
Games developed
References
External links
Companies based in Warsaw
Indie video game developers
Polish companies established in 2012
Video game companies established in 2012
Video game companies of Poland
Video game development companies
Guy Holland may refer to :
Guy Holland ( darts player ) , who participated at the 2012 PDC World Youth Championship
Sir Guy Hope Holland , 3rd Baronet ( 1918-1997 ) of the Holland baronets
Sáenz or Saenz may refer to :
People
Aarón Sáenz Garza ( 1891–1983 ) , Mexican politician
Antonio Fernandez Saenz ( born 1947 ) , Spanish-Brazilian lawyer and human rights defender
Antonio Sáenz ( 1780–1825 ) , Argentine statesman , educator and cleric
Carlos Enrique Díaz Sáenz Valiente ( 1917–1956 ) , Argentine Olympic sport shooter
Diana Sáenz ( born 1989 ) , Costa Rican footballer
Eddie Saenz ( 1923–1971 ) American football player for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League
Francisco Javier Sáenz de Oiza ( 1918–2000 )
Frankie Saenz ( born 1980 ) , American Ultimate Fighting Championship mixed martial artist
Jaime Sáenz ( 1921–1986 ) , Bolivian poet , novelist , and short story writer
Joaquín Sáenz y Arriaga ( 1899–1976 ) , Mexican Catholic priest and theologian
Joe Saenz ( born 1975 ) , gangster and former fugitive
Luis Sáenz Peña ( 1822–1907 ) , president of Argentina 1892–1895
Manuela Sáenz ( 1797–1856 ) , revolutionary hero of South America
Moisés Sáenz ( 1888–1941 ) , education advocate and reformer of education in Mexico
Olmedo Sáenz Sánchez ( born 1970 ) , Major League Baseball player
Pedro Rubiano Sáenz ( born 1932 ) , Roman Catholic Archbishop of Bogotá
Pedro Segura y Sáenz ( 1880–1957 ) , Spanish Cardinal and Archbishop
Ralph Saenz ( a.k.a . Michael Starr ; born 1965 ) American singer , songwriter , and musician of the comedic glam metal band Steel Panther
Roque Sáenz Peña ( 1851–1914 ) , president of Argentina 1910–1914
Roy Sáenz ( born 1944 ) , retired Costa Rican football player
Soraya Sáenz de Santamaría ( born 1971 ) , Spanish politician
Stephen Sáenz ( born 1990 ) , American-born Mexican athlete
Suso ( Jesús Fernández Sáenz de la Torre ) ( born 1993 ) , Spanish football player
Waldir Alejandro Sáenz Pérez ( born 1973 ) , Peruvian retired footballer
Other uses
Sáenz ( Buenos Aires Underground ) , a station planned for 2018
Saenz v. Roe , a U.S. Supreme Court case relating to travel between U.S. states
See also
Avenida Roque Sáenz Peña , a main road in the San Nicolás quarter of Buenos Aires , Argentina
Sáenz Peña ( disambiguation )
Sero Nikolayi Khanzadyan ( , , 1915 – June 26 , 1998 ) was an Armenian writer and novelist .
Childhood
Sero Khanzadyan was born in 1915 to a peasant family in the town of Goris , located in Zangezur ( modern-day Syunik Province of Armenia ) .
As a child , Khanzadyan 's parents once told them `` You will learn the value of the land once you grow up . '' Many times they had noticed how people , returning from work in the field , would return with mounds of soil on their clothes and shake them off on a naked rock in front of their houses . `` The land is the dearest thing that we have . Without the land there is no nation '' – would be the words said by the characters of their novels .
Life and works
Upon their graduation from the local pedagogical college , Khanzadyan worked as a schoolteacher . At the age of 18 , they voluntarily joined the Red Army and participated in World War II , serving on the Volkhov and Leningrad fronts . They rose to the rank of captain in a mortar company in the 261st Rifle Regiment . Drawing from their personal combat experience , they wrote the novel The Men of Our Regiment : Three Years , 291 Days ( Mer gndi mardik . Erek tari 291 or ) . Completed in 1972 , it became one of the most prominent works in the Soviet military fiction literature at the time . In 1950 they published their first novel , dedicated to the defense of Leningrad .
One of the main ideas Khanzadyan promoted in their work was that the Armenians should fight shoulder to shoulder with the Russians , Ukrainians and other nationalities to protect their motherland . Their two-volume novel The Soil , published in 1954–55 , tells the story of villagers in the post-war period .
Khanzadyan often drew attention to the centuries-long relationship between Armenians and Russians in their works . Later on they would use this idea in their historical novel Mkhitar Sparapet ( 1961 ) and other works . In an interview , Khanzadyan stated that the idea of writing the story of Mkhitar Sparapet and David Bek , two early 18th-century Armenian rebel commanders , while they had still been away at war . In Mkhitar Sparapet , as elsewhere , the idea of the strong friendship between the Armenian and Russian people is placed at the center of the story . The work `` Horovel '' is a hymn to the strong will of a peasant , stubbornly following the path of plough despite the pain and thirst .
Besides the war , Sero Khanzadyan also wrote about the Armenian genocide , including their novel , Six Nights . Khanzadyan also wrote about the life of the eighteenth-century Karabakh Armenian jester and folk collector Pele Pughi .
In 1977 , Khanzadyan wrote an open letter to Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev calling for Nagorno-Karabakh 's annexation to Soviet Armenia .
Khanzadyan died in 1998 . They are buried at the Komitas Pantheon in Yerevan .
Legacy
Sero Khanzadyan left a great legacy in the field of Armenian literature , which was inspired by Soviet notions and ideas of internationalism , strong ties with the folk culture and tradition . In their works they defend the ideals of humanism and love for one 's homeland . In their latest years of their life , during an interview given to the Public TV of Armenia , they strongly criticized Bolshevik nationalities policy in the early 1920s and the decision to attach the regions of Nagorno-Karabagh and Nakhchivan to Soviet Azerbaijan .
References
External links
1915 births
1998 deaths
People from Goris
20th-century Armenian writers
Burials at the Komitas Pantheon
Armenian male writers
Soviet Armenians
Soviet writers
Sam Sixkiller ( 1842 – December 24 , 1886 ) was a prominent Native American leader during the American Civil War and the postbellum period .
Biography
Samuel Sixkiller was born sometime in 1842 in the Going Snake District of the Cherokee Nation which is now known as the Adair County in Oklahoma . They were the son of Red Bird Sixkiller ( a Cherokee man ) and Pamelia Whaley ( a white woman ) . Samuel also had a brother named Lucas Sixkiller . Samuel married Fannie Floria Foreman and had a child named Samuel Rasmus Sixkiller and daughter Fannie Ester 1879-1964 . Their son Samuel R , was born February 13 , 1877 , and they graduated from Carlisle University in 1895 . The name Sixkiller according to legend came from a fight between the Creeks and the Cherokees where one of Samuel 's ancestors killed six men before being killed themselves and ever since this name has been passed down .
Professional life
When Samuel Sixkiller was eighteen years old they supported the Confederacy in the Civil War . They were a private in the 1st Cherokee Cavalry . When Samuel was nineteen years old they decided to switch their allegiance and fight for the Union alongside their father 1st Lt. Red Bird Sixkiller . By 1875 Samuel was appointed to the positions of High Sheriff of the Cherokee Nation and Warden of the National Penitentiary ( See Indian Police ) . By holding this position Samuel Sixkiller became the authority of the Cherokee Nation and upheld peace within the tribes . Also at the time they were a Deputy United States Marshal . This was valuable to the government because they would be able to chase fugitives onto tribal land . On February 12 , 1880 Samuel became the very first Captain of the United States Indian Police in Muskogee ( Indian Territory ) . By holding this position Sixkiller was in command of forty men . One of the duties they had was patrolling Muskogee . Historians say that this town was one of the craziest in all of the `` Wild West '' . There were more murders within a fifty-mile radius of Muskogee than anywhere west of the Mississippi river . In addition to being a Captain they were also a Special Agent for the Missouri-Pacific Railroad . Since the train went through the area where Sixkiller patrolled it made sense that they worked as a special agent for the railroad . Sixkiller 's main problems were the whiskey bootleggers , cattle thieves , murders , rapists , timber thieves , land squatters , train robbers , card sharks , and prostitutes servicing the railroad towns .
Indian police
In 1808 the Cherokee Nation embraced the idea of a police force that would protect . The force was created to protect people from robbery , horses from being stolen , as well as widows and orphans . If anyone was to resist the authority of these men they were to be killed . During this time , the Cherokee Nation was in the Southern United States . After the Trail of Tears ( Indian Removal Policy ) and the move to the West , a formal authority was created in a police force and a judicial system . The prison system was created in 1873 by an act of the Cherokee National Council . This was the only facility of its kind up until 1901 . The position of High Sheriff of the Cherokee Nation was established and filled in 1875 . It housed , sentenced , or accused prisoners from all throughout the territory .
End of watch
On Christmas Eve in 1886 , Samuel Sixkiller went into Muskogee to pick up medicine . Sixkiller was off duty and unarmed at the time . While on their way to Turner & Byrne 's store they were confronted by two men by the names of Dick Vann and Alf Cunningham . Before running into Sixkiller the two men tried to purchase guns from the store but the owner refused because both men were drunk . The two men decided to attack Marshal Keys , a local lawman and steal their weapons . The two men supposedly had a grudge from a previous run in with Sixkiller weeks before . Vann and Cunningham were armed with a shotgun and a pistol . Sixkiller managed to knock away the gun of Cunningham before being shot by Vann multiple times . They were dead on the scene . The two men then jumped onto their horses and left town . The pursuing men did not find the gunmen . Some state that justice was eventually found by Samuel Sixkiller 's son Lucas . A funeral was held the following Sunday . Lawmen from across the territory attended the funeral and even overflowed the church . The procession following the service was one of the largest ever assembled in that part of the country .
Legislation
After the death of Captain Samuel Sixkiller , President Grover Cleveland signed a bill that made assault against an Indian police officer a federal offense . The document signed March 2 , 1887 , stated : `` …any Indians committing against the person of any Indian police officer appointed under the laws of the United States , or any Indian United States deputy Marshal , any of the following crimes , namely murder , manslaughter or assault with intent to kill , within the Indian Territory , shall be subjected to the laws of the United States relating to such crimes and shall be tried by the District Court of the United States . '' This landmark case increased the stature of Indian police officers in Indian Territory and everywhere in the United States .
Famous stories
One of the biggest outlaws who Samuel Sixkiller took down in the territory was Dick Glass , a notorious outlaw who led a gang of horse rustlers and bootleggers . Glass sold the stolen horses and obtained illegal whiskey from Texas and brought it back across the Red River to sell for a substantial profit . In 1885 , Sixkiller put a group of men together which included another famous lawman named Charles LeFlore . The plan was to ambush Glass and their crew in Colbert ( Chickasaw Nation ) . Just as was suspected , Glass had smuggled whiskey with them when they fell into the trap set by Sixkiller and LeFlore . Samuel Sixkiller killed Glass just before they were able to draw their pistol . The rest of the gang was either killed or arrested during the firefight .
References
1842 births
1886 deaths
1886 murders in the United States
People from Adair County , Oklahoma
Cherokee leaders
United States Marshals
Murdered Native American people
People of Indian Territory in the American Civil War
Native Americans in the American Civil War
People murdered in Oklahoma
Confederate States Army soldiers
Union Army soldiers
BKB may refer to :
Bambai Ka Babu ( 1996 film ) , a 1996 Bollywood action film
Big Knockout Boxing , a combat sport brand developed and owned by DirecTV
Bikini Karate Babes , a 2002 video game
BKB ( airport ) , an Indian airport that is currently under construction
Bollywood Ka Boss , an Indian game show
Bombai Ka Baboo , a 1960 Hindi film
Brian Banks ( American football )
Dx - Diagnosis ,
Sx - Symptoms ,
Fx - Fracture ,
Tx - Treatment ,
Hx - History
S/b-seen by
Lists of medical abbreviations
Duncan Nathaniel Ingraham ( 6 December 1802 – 16 October 1891 ) was an officer in the United States Navy who later served in the Confederate States Navy .
U.S. Navy service
A native of Charleston , South Carolina , Ingraham was appointed Midshipman in the United States Navy on 18 June 1812 at the age of 10 . After years of distinguished service , they were commissioned Captain 14 September 1855 . While in command of the sloop-of-war St. Louis in the Mediterranean , in July 1853 , they interfered with the detention by the Austrian consul at Smyrna ( Izmir , Turkey ) of Martin Koszta , a Hungarian who had declared in New York their intention of becoming an American citizen , and , who had been seized and confined in the Austrian ship Hussar . For their conduct in this matter they were voted thanks and a Gold Medal by Congress .
Captain Ingraham served as Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrographer of the Navy from 1856 until 1860 .
Confederate Navy service
They resigned from the U.S. Navy 4 February 1861 to enter the Confederate States Navy with the rank of captain . They served as Chief of the Ordnance Bureau from 1861 to 1863 , and as Commandant of the Charleston naval station from 1862 to 1865 .
Ingraham died at Charleston 16 October 1891 .
Legacy
Four ships of the US Navy have been named USS Ingraham in their honor .
References
External links
history.navy.mil : Duncan Ingraham
1802 births
1891 deaths
Confederate States Navy captains
United States Navy officers
Military personnel from Charleston , South Carolina
Congressional Gold Medal recipients
Sir Peter Jack Matthews ( 25 December 1917 – 6 January 2003 ) was a British police officer who rose to become Chief Constable of Suffolk Constabulary and the Surrey Police .
They were born at Blackridge , West Lothian , Scotland and educated at Blackridge Public School .
In 1937 they joined the Metropolitan Police , but during the Second World War was commissioned into the RAF in 1942 and flew as a pilot until demobilisation in 1946 with the rank of flight-lieutenant . They then returned to the Metropolitan Police to continue their career , rising to Chief Inspector in the early 1950s , and chief instructor at the Metropolitan Police Dog Training Establishment at Keston , Kent . Around that time they were seconded to the Cyprus Police , with a team of police officers and a pack of Alsatian dogs , with the task of detecting buried arms and ammunition during the EOKA crisis of 1955 .
On their return to England they were appointed Chief Superintendent in charge of `` P '' Division , with headquarters at Catford . In 1965 they became Chief Constable of East Suffolk , and briefly continued as Chief Constable of Suffolk when the East Suffolk force merged with the West Suffolk and Ipswich forces in 1967 to create a single county constabulary .
In 1968 they were appointed Chief Constable of Surrey , a position they held until their retirement in 1982 . During that time they took over as head of Operation Countryman , a major investigation into police corruption in the Metropolitan Police , from Asst . Chief Constable Leonard Burt of the Dorset Constabulary .
Honours and awards
1970 : Awarded Queens Police Medal
1974 : Made Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE )
1978 : Made Commander of the Royal Victorian Order ( CVO )
1981 : Knighted
1981 : Appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Surrey .
Private life
They married , in 1944 , Margaret Levett ; they had one son .
References
1917 births
2003 deaths
People from West Lothian
British Chief Constables
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
Knights Bachelor
Deputy Lieutenants of Surrey
People from Blackridge , West Lothian
Auguste Louis Jules Millard ( 30 April 1830 in Paris – 13 November 1915 in Paris ) was a French physician .
They studied medicine in Paris , where in 1860 they attained the title of médecin des hôpitaux . They subsequently worked at the Hôpital des Enfants-Malades , Hôpital Saint-Antoine and the Hôpital Lariboisière . From 1877 until 1895 , they were associated with the Hôpital Beaujon in Paris . In 1854 they became a member of the Société anatomique de Paris ( honorary member from 1866 ) .
In 1855 they identified a disorder characterized by unilateral softening of the brain caused by obstruction of the blood vessels of the pons . The condition was to become known as `` Millard–Gubler syndrome '' , named in conjunction with Adolphe-Marie Gubler , who described the syndrome in a paper published in 1856 .
Selected writings
De la trachéotomie dans le cas de croup ( 1858 , dissertation thesis ) – On tracheotomy involving a case of croup .
Rapport sur un cas d'anévrysme de l'aorte thoracique communiquant avec l'oesophage ( 1862 ) – On a thoracic aorta aneurysm associated with the esophagus .
References
1830 births
1915 deaths
Scientists from Paris
19th-century French physicians
Fabienne Comte is a French statistician known for their research on topics including statistical finance , stochastic volatility , autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity , and deconvolution . They are a professor in the unit for mathematics and computer science at the University of Paris .
Education and career
Comte studied mathematics at ENS Cachan and Paris-Sud University , earning a licentiate in 1988 , a master 's degree in 1989 , and an agrégation in 1990 , with a specialty in probability . They earned a diplôme d'études approfondies in 1991 , through a cooperative program with Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne University , the École Polytechnique , and ENSAE ParisTech , and completed their doctorate in applied mathematics in 1994 through Paris 1 with the thesis Causalité , Cointégration , Mémoire Longue : Modélisation Stochastique en temps continu , estimation et simulation , supervised by mathematical economist Eric Renault .
They worked as maître de conférences at Pierre and Marie Curie University from 1995 until 2001 , earning a habilitation there in 2000 . In 2001 became professor at Paris Descartes University , which merged into the University of Paris in 2019 .
Book
Comte is the author of the book Estimation non-paramétrique [ Nonparametric estimation ] , published in 2015 .
References
External links
Home page
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
French statisticians
Women statisticians
Daniela Bargellini Rhodes FRS ( born 1946 ) is an Italian structural and molecular biologist . They were a senior scientist at the Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge , England , where they worked , and later studied for their PhD under the supervision of Nobel laureate Aaron Klug . Continuing their work under the tutelage of Aaron Klug at Cambridge , they were appointed group leader in 1983 , obtained tenure in 1987 and was promoted to senior scientist in 1994 ( equivalent to full professor ) . Subsequently , they served as director of studies between 2003 and 2006 . They have also been visiting professor at both `` La Sapienza '' in Rome , Italy and the Rockefeller University in NY , USA .
Career and research
Daniela Rhodes has made many fundamental contributions to understanding the structure and function of nucleic acids and their biologically important interactions with many different proteins . Them work combines biochemical analyses with direct structural determination . They determined the structures of a number of important protein-DNA complexes involved in transcription , such as zinc-fingers and nuclear hormone receptors . They have provided some of the first structural information on telomeric proteins , such as yeast Rap1p and human TRF1 and TRF2 and their complexes with DNA . Throughout their career they have made many contributions to the understanding of chromatin structure and function . They were involved in determining the structure of the nucleosome core particle , has worked on transcriptionally active chromatin and more recently on the higher order 30nm structure of chromatin . Them research continues to focus on understanding how the structure of chromatin is involved in transcriptional regulation and how telomeres are involved in preserving chromosome integrity .
They joined the School of Biological Sciences at Nanyang Technological University ( NTU ) , in Singapore , as professor in September 2011 and was additionally appointed professor at the Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine in September 2012 . In April 2014 they were appointed Director of the newly formed Nanyang Institute of Structural Biology .
Awards and honours
Elected a Fellow of the Royal Society ( FRS ) in 2007
Elected member of EMBO as of 1996 .
Elected member of Academia Europaea as of 2011 .
They are a Fellow of Clare Hall , Cambridge .
Asteroid 80008 Danielarhodes , discovered by Italian astronomers Luciano Tesi and Andrea Boattini in 1999 , was named in their honor . The official was published by the Minor Planet Center on 10 December 2011 ( ) .
References
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
British women scientists
British molecular biologists
Fellows of Clare Hall , Cambridge
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Rockefeller University faculty
Fellows of the Royal Society
Nanyang Technological University faculty
1946 births
2013 Oklahoma tornadoes may refer to :
The tornado outbreak of May 18–21 , 2013 , including a tornado on May 20 that occurred in southern parts of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area
The tornado outbreak of May 26–31 , 2013 , including a tornado that occurred on May 31 west of Oklahoma City in rural parts of El Reno
Radical right may refer to one of the following topics :
Radical right ( United States ) , a strictly conservative and anti-socialist tendency in US politics
Radical right ( Europe ) , a nationalist and populist tendency in European politics
Far-right politics , sometimes used interchangeably with `` radical right ''
See also
Radical center ( disambiguation )
Radical left ( disambiguation )
Ross Piper is a British zoologist , entomologist , and explorer .
Biography
Piper 's fascination by animals began at a young age through early encounters with a violet ground beetle and the caterpillar of an elephant hawk moth . This early interest led to a degree in zoology from Bangor University and a PhD in insect ecology from the University of Leeds . Piper has travelled widely in Europe , the Americas , Africa and Southeast Asia , searching for interesting and elusive beasts . Although their focus is arthropods , the sheer diversity of animal forms and lifestyles is a continual source of fascination .
In 2015 they were awarded the Alumnus of the Year award by Bangor University and has since become a member of their alumni advisory board . They are also a student mentor for the University of Leeds and a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society . They are currently a visiting research fellow at the University of Leeds and a visiting fellow at the University of Essex . Their current projects include authoring additional books exploring insects as a source of novel pharmaceuticals and biomaterials and planning further expeditions .
Science
Piper 's interest in communicating the staggering diversity of animals beyond vertebrates led to their latest book , Animal Earth , which has so far been translated into German and Japanese . This book explores animal diversity .
In documenting the arthropod life they find during expeditions Piper contributes to our knowledge of these areas . In addition to these two broad areas Piper is also interested in the ecology of beetles and solitary wasps , how ecology , morphology and molecular data can be integrated to reveal the true complexity of animal diversity and the interactions between arthropod assemblages and agricultural landscapes .
Exploration
Piper is always keen to stress how little we know about life on Earth , which is a continuing theme in their books and talks . Their own contribution to addressing this is exploration , mostly in the tropics . During their time in Myanmar Piper explored and searched for insects in areas where few if any scientists had been before . Tamanthi Wildlife Reserve was one such place . The specimens from this forest have so far yielded a new genus and several new species .
Media
Piper is enthusiastic to share their fascination for the incredible living things that surround us with anyone who will listen . In terms of TV this has led to an expedition to Myanmar ( Burma ) with the BBC Natural History Unit as the on-screen entomologist the product of which was broadcast as the three part series – Wild Burma : Nature 's Lost Kingdom – on BBC 2 . Many of the clips from this series have become YouTube hits . Piper has also featured as a presenter/on-screen expert on the CBBC series , Wild ( live and recorded segments ) , the Sky 1 series , Extreme Fears , Extreme Cures where they helped ten arachnophobes overcome their fear and I have recently done some filming as an on-screen expert for a World 's Weirdest Events . Piper has been invited to give talks around the world , including World Minds and EG . Their work has been widely covered in the media and they have written opinion pieces for the BBC , The Conversation and Geographical . Piper is also a keen macrophotographer .
Books
References
British zoologists
British writers
Alumni of Bangor University
Alumni of the University of Leeds
Date of birth unknown
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Kamrupi or Kamarupi may refer to :
Kamarupi Prakrit , a middle Indo-Aryan language ( 5th-12th century )
Kamrupi dialect , a modern dialect of Assamese
Kamarupi script , ancestral script of Assamese and Bengali
Kamrupi people , native speakers of Kamrupi language
Kamrupi Brahmins
Kamrupi Dholiya
See also
Kamrupi crafts , handicrafts from Kamrup
Kamrupi culture , culture of Kamrup
Kamrupi dance , dances from Kamrup
Kamrupi Lokgeet , folk songs in Kamrupi dialect
Kamrupi literature , literature from Kamrup
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
The University of Bandundu ( UB ) is a public university in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , located in the province of Bandundu , city of Bandundu . At its creation , it was an extension of the University of Kinshasa , then called University Centre of Bandundu ( C.U.B. ) . As of 2012 it had 800 students in six faculties . Instruction is in French .
History
The University was created 1 October 2004 as Bandundu Center University ( C.U.B . ) , extension of the University of Kinshasa , and became autonomous in 2010 following Ministerial order No . 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK/PK/2010 27 September 2010 .
See also
City of Bandundu
Bandundu Province
List of universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
Ministerial Decree No . 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK-PK-2010 September 27 , 2010 , on the empowerment of some extensions of the institutions of higher and university education ( article 2 point 8 )
Universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Bandundu ( city )
Educational institutions established in 2004
2004 establishments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
The discography of Alejandro Sanz , a Spanish singer , songwriter and musician , consists of twelve studio albums , three live albums , three compilation albums , thirty-five singles ( including all singles from studio , live , compilation albums and collaborations with other singers ) .
Sanz released their debut album at age nineteen , although they did not gain commercial success in Spain until their second release , Viviendo Deprisa . Their next two records , Si Tú Me Miras ( 1993 ) and 3 ( 1995 ) also fared well commercially , but it was their 1997 breakthrough album Más that garnered international success . El Alma al Aire followed in 2000 , selling more than a million copies in its first week . In 2002 , they became the first Spanish artist to record an MTV Unplugged album .
Their collaboration with Shakira on the 2005 single `` La Tortura '' reached number one on several charts worldwide . They experimented with more diverse styles of music with the albums No Es lo Mismo ( 2003 ) and El Tren de los Momentos ( 2006 ) , while their 2009 release , Paraíso Express served as a return to form for the musician . Sanz signed to Universal Music Group in 2011 and released their tenth studio album , La Música No Se Toca , in 2012 , followed by Sirope in 2015 .
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Special editions
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Other charted songs
DVDs
1998 : El Concierto : Tour Más 98
1998 : Los Videos
2001 : El Alma al Aire : En Directo
2004 : En Concierto : Gira No Es lo Mismo 2004
2005 : Los Conciertos
2005 : Grandes Éxitos : Los Videos 91-04
2007 : El Tren de los Momentos : En Vivo Desde Buenos Aires
2010 : Canciones Para Un Paraíso En Vivo
References
Discography
Latin pop music discographies
Discographies of Spanish artists
Hickman County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 4,902 , making it the third-least populous county in Kentucky . Its county seat is Clinton . The county was formed in 1821 . It is the least densely populated county in the state and is a prohibition or dry county .
History
Founded in 1821 , Hickman County was the seventy-first in order of formation . It was named for Captain Paschal Hickman of the 1st Rifle Regiment , Kentucky Militia . A resident of Franklin County , Kentucky , Hickman was wounded and captured at the Battle of Frenchtown in January 1813 and was killed by Indians in the Massacre of the River Raisin .
Columbus , Kentucky , in the northwest of the county and located on the Mississippi River , was the original county seat . A log structure built in 1823 served as the courthouse . In 1830 , the county seat was moved to the more centrally located Clinton .
In 1861 , early in the American Civil War , the Confederate Army established Fort de Russey on the strategically located bluffs at Columbus across the river from Belmont , Missouri . Confederate General Leonidas Polk knew it was important to control the river , and wanted to extend a massive chain across the Mississippi to block Union forces from going downstream . ( This was never achieved . ) The fort was garrisoned with several thousand troops and a six-gun battery was installed ; a smaller force was based at a Confederate camp in Belmont .
Union Gen. Ulysses S. Grant moved troops from their base at Cairo , Illinois , and attacked Belmont in November 1861 , their first battle of the war . They were ultimately defeated by Confederate troops sent from Columbus across the river to reinforce the Confederate defense ; they were led by Polk . The former site of the Confederate fortifications near Columbus , Kentucky is now the Columbus-Belmont State Park , commemorating all the actions of the day that led to Union defeat here .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 4.3 % ) is water . The elevation in the county ranges from to above sea level . The county 's western border is formed by the Mississippi River , nearly a mile wide here , with the state of Missouri on the other side . Some portions of the county are landlocked to Missouri west of the Mississippi .
Adjacent counties
Carlisle County ( north )
Graves County ( east )
Weakley County , Tennessee ( southeast )
Obion County , Tennessee ( south )
Fulton County ( south )
Mississippi County , Missouri ( west )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 5,262 people , 2,188 households , and 1,542 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 2,436 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.35 % White , 9.90 % Black or African American , 0.29 % Native American , 0.06 % Asian , 0.17 % from other races , and 1.24 % from two or more races . 1.03 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 2,188 households , out of which 28.20 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.50 % were married couples living together , 10.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.50 % were non-families . 27.60 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.34 and the average family size was 2.82 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 22.10 % under the age of 18 , 6.90 % from 18 to 24 , 26.70 % from 25 to 44 , 25.90 % from 45 to 64 , and 18.50 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 41 years . For every 100 females there were 91.30 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 88.90 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 31,615 , and the median income for a family was $ 37,049 . Males had a median income of $ 28,438 versus $ 18,506 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,279 . About 14.20 % of families and 17.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 27.70 % of those under age 18 and 13.80 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Clinton ( county seat )
Columbus
Notable people
Robert Burns Smith , third Governor of Montana
Politics
See also
Murphy 's Pond
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hickman County , Kentucky
References
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Mississippi River
1821 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1821
Frank Lovell ( July 24 , 1913 – May 1 , 1998 ) was an American communist politician .
Lovell was born in Ipava , a town situated in the farming district of Illinois . Lovell studied psychology at the University of California in Berkeley . After they had left the campus , Lovell earned their living as a seaman , chiefly on the West Coast of the United States .
In the 1930s , Lovell came into contact with Trotskyist movement led by James P. Cannon and they became one of the first members of the Socialist Workers Party , and in 1942 they were elected to its National Committee .
As a seaman , Lovell was active in the Sailors Union of the Pacific and the leader of many strikes . In 1943 , during World War II , serving in the U.S. merchant marine , Lovell barely survived the blow up of their ship by a German mine off the coast of Iceland as the ship came off the Murmansk run .
In the 1950s , Lovell was one of the SWP 's prominent members who had to move to Detroit the rebuild the party 's branch there after the SWP had had to expel a lot of members part of the Bert Cochran faction group . Lovell run for Governor of Michigan on the SWP ticket in 1954 , 1958 and 1964 , and as candidate for Mayor of Detroit in 1953 amidst an atmosphere of McCarthyism .
In the early 1980s , Lovell , and several other members of the SWP , got into a sharp conflict with the new , younger party leadership under Jack Barnes . Eventually , Lovell and many other members of the party were expelled ; some of these , Lovell included , went on to establish the Fourth Internationalist Tendency .
On May 1 , 1998 , at the age of 84 , Lovell died of a heart attack in their Manhattan apartment .
External links
The Lubitz TrotskyanaNet provides a biographical sketch and a selective bibliography of Frank Lovell
Fourth Internationalist Tendency page at the Marxist Internet Archive includes a number of writings by Lovell .
1913 births
1998 deaths
People from Fulton County , Illinois
United States Merchant Mariners of World War II
Socialist Workers Party ( United States ) politicians from Michigan
People from Manhattan
The Honourable Sir Odo William Theophilus Russell ( 3 May 1870 – 23 December 1951 ) was a British diplomat who was ambassador to Switzerland , the Vatican and the Netherlands .
Background
Russell was the second son of Odo Russell , later the first Baron Ampthill , by Lady Emily Villiers , daughter of George Villiers , 4th Earl of Clarendon .
Career
Russell entered the Diplomatic Service in 1892 and served in Rome , Athens , St Petersburg , Berlin , Buenos Aires and Vienna , where they held the rank of counsellor from 1909 to 1915 . They were then Diplomatic Secretary to the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs from 1915 to 1919 , Minister at Bern from 1919 to 1922 , Minister to the Holy See from 1922 to 1928 and Minister at The Hague from 1928 to 1933 ( the last three posts were equivalent to modern ambassadorships ) . They were appointed Commander of the Royal Victorian Order ( CVO ) in 1909 , Companion of the Order of the Bath ( CB ) in 1916 , Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order ( KCVO ) in 1923 and Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George ( KCMG ) in 1926 .
Family
In 1910 , while they were stationed in Vienna , Russell married Countess Marie Louise Rex , daughter of Count Rex , the Saxon Minister at the Austro-Hungarian Court . They had three sons .
Russell and their wife , the Countess , are buried in the churchyard of St Michael 's , Chenies , together with other members of the Russell family .
References
RUSSELL , Hon . Sir Odo ( William Theophilus Villiers ) , Who Was Who , A & C Black , 1920–2008 ; online edn , Oxford University Press , Dec 2007 , accessed 11 April 2012
External links
1870 births
1951 deaths
Odo William Theophilus Villiers
Younger sons of barons
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Switzerland
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to the Holy See
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to the Netherlands
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Companions of the Order of the Bath
O
The yellow-cheeked tit ( Machlolophus spilonotus ) is a species of bird in the family Paridae .
It is found in Bangladesh , Bhutan , China , Hong Kong , India , Laos , Myanmar , Nepal , Thailand , and Vietnam .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
The yellow-cheeked tit was formerly one of the many species in the genus Parus but was moved to Machlolophus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade .
References
yellow-cheeked tit
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of South China
Birds of Hong Kong
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Thailand
Birds of Yunnan
yellow-cheeked tit
yellow-cheeked tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This is a list of current and former automobile manufacturers of France .
Current manufacturers
4 Stroke Rumen ( 2006-present )
Aixam ( 1984–present ) ; Polaris Industries
Alpine ( 1955–present ) ; Groupe Renault
Bellier ( 1968–present )
Bolloré ( 2008–present )
Bugatti ( 1909–1963 , 1987–1995 , 1998–present ) ; Volkswagen Group
Citroën ( 1919–present ) ; Stellantis
De Clercq ( 1992–present )
De La Chapelle ( 1985–present )
DS Automobiles ( 2014–present ) ; Stellantis
Exagon Motors ( 2005–present )
Genty Automotive ( 2004-present ) ; see Genty Akylone
Ligier ( 1971–present ) ; Driveplanet
MDI ( 1988–present )
Microcar ( 1980–present ) ; Driveplanet
Peugeot ( 1896–present ) ; Stellantis
PGO ( 1986–present )
Renault ( 1899–present ) ; Groupe Renault
Venturi ( 1984–present )
Former manufacturers
A
AAA ( 1919–1920 )
Able ( 1920–1927 )
AC3 ( 1998–2002 )
Ader ( 1900–1907 )
AER ( 1930 )
AEM ( 1920–1924 )
Aérocaréne ( 1947 )
Ageron ( 1910–1914 )
Ailloud ( 1898–1904 )
Ajams ( 1920 )
Ajax ( 1913–1919 )
AL ( 1907–1909 )
Alamagny ( 1947–1948 )
Alba ( 1913–1928 )
Albatros ( 1912 )
Alcyon ( 1906–1929 )
Alda ( 1912–1922 )
Allard-Latour ( 1899–1902 )
Alliance ( 1905–1908 )
Alphi ( 1929–1931 )
Alma ( 1926–1927 )
Alva ( 1913–1923 )
AM ( 1906–1915 )
Amédée Bollée ( 1885–1921 )
Amilcar ( 1921–1939 )
Ampère ( 1906–1909 )
Anderson Electric ( 1912 )
Andre Py ( 1899 )
Antoinette ( 1906–1907 )
Arbel ( 1951–1959 ) also known as Loubiére , Loubiéres , , -Arbel , or -Paris
Ardent ( 1900–1901 )
Ardex ( 1934–c.1937 ; 1952–1955 )
Ariane ( 1907 )
Ariès ( 1903–1938 )
Arista ( 1912–1915 )
Arista ( 1952–1967 )
Arola ( 1976–1983 )
Arzac ( 1926–1927 )
AS ( 1924–1928 )
ASS ( 1919–1920 )
Astatic ( 1920–1922 )
Aster ( 1900–1910 )
Astra ( 1922 )
Astresse ( 1898 )
Ateliers d'Automobiles et d'Aviation ( AAA ) ( 1919–1920 )
Ateliers de Construction Mecanique l'Aster ( 1890s–1912 )
Atla ( 1957–1959 )
Atlas ( 1951 )
Audibert & Lavirotte ( 1894–1901 )
Auge ( 1898–c.1901 )
Austral ( 1907 )
Autobleu ( 1953–1957 )
Automoto ( 1901–1907 )
Avions Voisin ( 1905–1946 )
Avolette ( 1955–1959 )
B
Ballot ( 1921–1932 )
Barré ( 1899–1930 )
Beck ( 1920–1922 )
Bédélia ( 1910–1925 )
Bellanger ( 1912–1925 )
Bel Motors ( 1976–1980 )
Benjamin ( 1921–1931 )
Berliet ( 1895–1939 )
Bernardet ( 1946–1950 )
Bignan ( 1918–1930 )
Blériot ( 1921–1922 )
BNC ( 1923–1931 )
Boitel ( 1946–1949 )
Bolide ( 1899–1907 )
Bonnet ( 1961–1964 )
Borderel-Cail
Bouquet , Garcin & Schivre/BGS ( 1899–1906 )
Brasier ( 1905–1926 )
Brouhot ( 1898–1911 )
Bucciali ( 1922–1933 )
Buchet ( 1910–1930 )
Bugatti ( 1909–1963 )
Butterosi ( 1919–1924 )
C
Cambier ( 1897–c.1905 )
Castoldi ( 1900 )
Cedre ( 1975–1987 )
CD ( 1962–1965 )
CG ( Chappe et Gessalin ) ( 1966–1974 )
CGV ( Charron , Girardot et Voigt ) ( 1901–1906 )
Chaigneau-Brasier ( 1926–1930 )
Chainless ( 1900–1903 )
Charlon ( 1905–1906 )
Charron ( 1907–1930 )
Chenard-Walcker ( 1900–1946 )
CHS ( 1945–1946 )
Claveau ( 1923–1956 )
Clément-Bayard ( 1903–1922 )
Coadou et Fleury ( 1921–c.1935 )
Cochotte ( 1899 )
Cognet de Seynes ( 1912–1926 )
Cohendet ( 1898–1914 )
Colda ( 1921–1922 )
Constantinesco ( 1926–1928 )
Corre ( 1901–1907 )
Cottereau ( 1898–1910 )
Cottin & Desgouttes ( 1905–1931 )
Cournil ( 1960–1984 )
Couteret ( 1907 )
Couverchel ( 1905–1907 )
Créanche ( 1899–1906 )
Crespelle ( 1906–1923 )
Croissant ( 1920–1922 )
Culmen ( c.1909 )
D
Dalifol ( 1896 )
Dalifol & Thomas ( 1896–1898 )
Damaizin & Pujos ( 1910 )
Dangel ( 1968–1971 )
Danvignes ( 1937–1939 )
Darl'mat ( 1936–1950 )
Darmont ( 1921–1939 )
Darracq ( 1896–1920 )
Le Dauphin ( 1941–1942 )
David & Bourgeois ( 1898 )
DB ( 1938–1961 )
De Bazelaire ( 1908–1928 )
De Cezac ( 1922–1927 )
De Dietrich ( 1897–1905 )
De Dion-Bouton ( 1883–1932 )
De Marcay ( 1920–1922 )
De Riancey ( 1898–c.1901 )
De Sanzy ( 1924 )
Decauville ( 1898–1910 )
Deguingand ( 1927–1930 )
Deho ( 1946–1948 )
Delage ( 1905–1953 )
Delahaye ( 1895–1954 )
Delaugère et Clayette ( 1864–1934 )
Delamare-Deboutteville ( 1883–1887 )
Delaugère ( 1898–1926 )
Delaunay-Belleville ( 1904–1948 )
Delfosse ( 1922–1926 )
Demeester ( 1906–1914 )
De Boisse ( 1901–1904 )
Derby ( 1921–1936 )
Desmoulins ( 1920–1923 )
Dewald ( 1902–1926 )
Dinin Alfred 1904
DFP ( 1906–1926 )
Diederichs ( 1912–1914 )
Dolo ( 1947–1948 )
Donnet ( 1928–1936 )
Donnet-Zedel ( 1924–1928 )
Dumas ( 1902–1903 )
Dumont ( 1912–1913 )
Duport ( 1977–1994 )
D'Yrsan ( 1923–1930 )
E
E.H.P . ( 1921–1929 )
Electricar ( 1919–1924 )
Elfe ( 1920–1925 )
Elgé ( 1868–1942 )
Elysée ( 1921–1925 )
Enders ( 1911–1923 )
Esculape ( 1899 )
Eudelin ( c.1905–1908 )
Eureka ( 1906–1909 )
F
Facel Vega ( 1954–1964 )
FAL ( 1907 )
Farman ( 1919–1931 )
Favier ( c.1925–1930 )
FL ( 1909–1914 )
Ford SAF ( 1916–1954 )
Fonlupt ( 1920–1922 )
Fouillaron ( 1900–1914 )
Fournier ( 1913–1924 )
G
Galy ( 1954–1957 )
Galba ( 1929–1930 )
Gardner-Serpollet ( 1900–1907 )
Gautier–Wehrlé ( 1894–1900 )
Georges Irat ( 1921–1953 )
Georges Richard ( 1897–1902 )
Georges Roy ( 1906–1929 )
Gillet-Forest ( 1900–1907 )
Gladiator ( 1896–1920 )
Gobron-Brillié ( 1898–1930 )
Gordini ( 1951–1957 )
Goujon ( 1896–1901 )
GRAC ( 1964–1974 )
Gregoire ( 1904–1924 )
Grillet ( Company name . Cars sold under the name `` Ryjan '' ) ( 1920–1926 )
Grivel ( 1897 )
Guerraz ( 1901 )
Guerry et Bourguignon ( 1907 )
Guyot Spéciale ( 1925–1931 )
H
Hanzer ( 1899–1903 )
Hautier ( 1899–1905 )
Hédéa ( 1912–24 )
Heinis ( 1925–1930 )
Helbé ( 1905–1907 )
Henou ( 1923 )
Henry Bauchet ( 1903 )
Henry-Dubray ( 1901 )
Hérald ( 1901–1906 )
Hinstin ( 1921–1926 )
Hispano-Suiza ( 1911–1938 )
Hommell ( 1994–2003 )
Hotchkiss ( 1903–1955 )
Hrubon ( 1980–1988 )
Hurtu ( 1896–1930 )
I
Inaltera ( 1976–1978 )
Induco ( 1921–1924 )
Inter ( 1953–1956 )
J
J-P Wimille ( 1948–1949 )
Jack Sport ( 1925–1930 )
Janémian ( 1920–1923 )
Janoir ( 1921–1922 )
Janvier ( 1903–1904 )
Jean-Bart ( 1907 )
Jean Gras ( 1924–1927 )
Jeantaud ( 1893–1906 )
JG Sport ( 1922–1923 )
Jidé ( 1969–1974 ; 1977–1981 )
Jouffret ( 1920–1926 )
Jousset ( 1924–1928 )
Jouvie ( 1913–1914 )
Julien ( 1946–1949 )
Juzan ( 1897 )
K
Kevah ( 1920–1924 )
Koch ( 1898–1901 )
Korn et Latil ( 1901–1902 )
Kriéger ( 1897–1908 )
KVS ( 1976–c.1984 )
L
La Buire ( 1904–1930 )
La Confortable ( c.1920 )
Lacoste & Battmann ( 1897–1910 )
Lafitte ( 1923–1924 )
Lahaussois ( 1907 )
Landulet ( 2014 )
La Licorne ( 1907–1950 )
L'Alkolumine ( 1899 )
La Lorraine ( 1899–1902 )
Lambert ( 1926–1953 )
La Nef ( c.1901–1914 )
La Perle ( 1913–1927 )
La Ponette ( 1909–1925 )
La Radieuse ( 1907 )
L'Ardennais ( 1901–c.1903 )
La Roulette ( 1912–1914 )
La Va Bon Train ( 1904–1914 )
Lavie ( c.1904 )
Le Blon ( 1898 )
Le Cabri ( 1924–1925 )
Le Favori ( 1921–1924 )
Léon Bollée ( 1896–1931 )
Le Piaf ( 1951–1952 )
Le Pratic ( 1908 )
Le Roitelet ( 1921–1924 )
Leyat ( 1919–1927 )
Le Zèbre ( 1909–1931 )
Linon ( 1900–1914 )
Lion-Peugeot ( 1905–1915 )
Lombard ( 1927–1929 )
Lorraine-Dietrich ( 1905–1934 )
Louis Chenard ( 1920–1932 )
Luc Court ( 1899–1936 )
Lufbery ( 1898–c.1902 )
Lurquin-Coudert ( 1907–1914 )
Lutier ( 1907 )
Luxior ( 1912–1914 )
M
Madoz ( 1921 )
Maillard ( 1900–c.1903 )
Maison Parisienne ( 1897–c.1898 )
Majola ( 1911–1928 )
Major ( 1920–1923 ; 1932 )
Malicet et Blin ( M & B , MAB ) ( 1897–c.1903 )
Malliary ( 1901 )
Marathon ( 1953–1955 )
Marbais and Lasnier ( 1906 )
Marcadier ( 1963–1983 )
Marden ( 1975–1992 )
Margaria ( 1910–1912 )
Marguerite ( 1922–1928 )
Marie de Bagneux ( 1907 )
Marot-Gardon ( 1899–1904 )
Marsonetto ( 1957–1959 ; 1965–1972 )
Matford ( 1934–1940 )
Mathis ( 1919–1935 ; 1945–1950 )
Matra ( 1965–1984 )
Messier ( 1924–1931 )
Mia ( 2011-2014 )
Michel Irat ( 1929–1930 )
Mildé ( 1898–1909 )
Millot ( 1901–1902 )
MLB ( 1894–1902 )
Mochet ( 1924–1958 )
Mom ( 1906–1907 )
Monet ( 1920–1939 )
Monica ( 1971–1975 )
Monnard ( 1899 )
Monocar ( 1936–1939 )
Monotrace ( 1924–1930 )
Montier ( 1920–1934 )
Montier & Gillet ( 1895–1898 )
Morisse ( 1899–1914 )
Mors ( 1895–1925 ; 1941–1943 )
Motobloc ( 1901–1930 )
Mototri Contal ( 1907–1908 )
MPM Motors ( 2015-2021 )
Mutel ( 1902-1906 )
N
Nanceene ( 1900–c.1903 )
Napoleon ( 1903 )
Naptholette ( 1899 )
Nardini ( 1914 )
O
Obus ( 1907–1908 )
Octo ( 1921–1928 )
Oméga-Six ( 1922–1930 )
Otto ( 1900–1914 )
Ours ( 1906–1909 )
P
Panhard/Panhard & Levassor ( 1890–1967 )
Patin ( 1899–1900 )
Pilain ( 1896–1920 )
Plasson ( 1910 )
Poinard ( 1951–1953 )
Ponts-Moteurs ( 1912–1913 )
Populaire ( 1899 )
Poron ( 1898 )
Porthos ( 1906–1914 )
Prod'homme ( 1907–1908 )
Prosper-Lambert ( 1901–1906 )
Peugeot ( 1896 )
Q
Quo Vadis ( 1921–1923 )
R
Radior ( 1920–1922 )
Rally ( 1921–1933 )
Raouval ( 1899–1902 )
Ratier ( 1926–1930 )
Ravailler ( 1907 )
Ravel ( 1900–1902 )
Ravel ( 1923–1929 )
Rebour ( 1905–1908 )
Reyonnah ( 1950–1954 )
Reyrol ( 1900–1930 )
Richard-Brasier ( 1902–1905 )
Robert Serf ( 1925–1935 )
Rochet-Schneider ( 1894–1932 )
Roger ( 1888–1896 )
Rolland-Pilain ( 1907–1931 )
Rolux ( 1938–1952 )
Rosengart ( 1928–1955 )
Roussel ( 1908–1914 )
Roussey ( 1949–1951 )
Rouxel ( 1899–1900 )
Rovin ( 1946–1951 )
Ruby ( 1910–c.1922 )
Ryjan ( 1920–1926 )
S
Salmson ( 1921–1957 )
Sandford ( 1923–1939 )
Santax ( 1920–1927 )
SARA ( 1923–1930 )
Sautter-Harlé ( 1907–1912 )
SCAP ( 1912–1929 )
SCAR ( 1906–1915 )
Scora ( 1974–present )
Secqueville-Hoyau ( 1919–1924 )
Sénéchal ( 1921–1927 )
Sensaud de Lavaud ( 1926–1928 )
SERA ( 1959–1961 )
Sidéa ( 1912–1924 )
Sigma ( 1913–1928 )
Silva-Coroner ( 1927 )
SIMA-Violet ( 1924–1929 )
Simca ( 1935–1980 )
Simplicia ( 1910 )
Simplex ( 1919–1921 )
Sinpar ( 1907–1914 )
Siscart ( 1908–1909 )
Sixcyl ( 1907–1908 )
Sizaire-Berwick ( 1913–1927 )
Sizaire Frères ( 1923–1929 )
Sizaire-Naudin ( 1905–1921 )
Société Parisienne
Soncin ( 1900–1902 )
Solanet ( 1921 )
Soriano-Pedroso ( 1919–1924 )
SOVAM ( 1965–1969 )
SPAG ( 1927–1928 )
Stabilia ( 1907–1930 )
Stimula ( 1907–1914 )
Stimula ( 1978–1982 )
Suère ( 1909–1931 )
Suncar ( 1980–c.1986 )
T
Talbot ( 1919–1932 ; 1979–1986 )
Talbot-Lago ( 1932–1959 )
Th . Schneider ( 1910–1931 )
Thomson ( 1913–1928 )
Tourey ( 1898 )
Tracford ( 1933–1935 )
Tracta ( 1926–1934 )
Triouleyre ( 1896–1898 )
Tuar ( 1913–1925 )
Turcat-Méry ( 1899–1928 )
Turgan-Foy ( 1899–1906 )
U
Unic ( 1904–1939 )
Underberg ( ? – ? ) s : Popular Science Monthly/Volume 57/October 1900/Gasoline Automobiles
Urric ( 1905–1906 )
Utilis ( 1921–1924 )
V
Vaillant ( 1922–1924 )
Vallée ( 1895–1902 )
VELAM
Vermorel ( 1908–1930 as an automobile producer )
Vernandi ( 1928–1929 )
Villard ( 1925–1935 )
Vinot-Deguingand ( 1901–1927 )
Voisin
Z
Zédel ( 1905–1920 )
Zeiller & Fournier ( 1920–1924 )
Zénia ( 1913–1924 )
List of defunct microcar manufacturers
Acma ( 1957-1961 )
Acoma mini comtesse ( 1974-1984 )
References
G.N . Georgano , Nick ( Ed. ) . The Beaulieu Encyclopedia of the Automobile . Chicago : Fitzroy Dearborn Publishers , 2000 .
Šuman-Hreblay , Marián . Automobile Manufacturers Worldwide Directory . London : McFarland & Co. Inc. , 2000.1254
Lists of automobile manufacturers
Cars
Automotive industry in France
is a 2009 novel by Mieko Kawakami . Its English translation , released in 2021 and published by Europa Editions , had Sam Bett and David Boyd as the translators . This is the second book by Kawakami to be translated into English .
The title refers to a painting in the story which one of the characters , a girl named Kojima , gave a new name .
Background
Kawakami , on their personal website , cited Thus Spoke Zarathustra as having given their ideas for writing this book .
Content
The story is set in Japan in 1991 . The narrator is a 14-year old boy who has a right eye that aims in a different direction from their left eye , and who is bullied by other male students . Other characters refer to them as `` Eyes '' ( In Japanese ロンパリ , Ronpari , a reference to one eye looking at London and the other at Paris ) . Nadja Spiegelman of The New York Times describes `` Eyes '' as a flat character . The work does not reveal their legal name . The first chapter documents the bullying they receive .
A girl named Kojima ( コジマ ) , also 14 , has the nickname `` Hazmat '' and receives bullying from female students . Them mother left their father and married a wealthier man , while their father remained in a poorer background . They seek to befriend `` Eyes '' , leaving notes for them to read . Kojima chooses not to take baths , has clothing that is not clean , and keeps their hair in an unkempt state . Eyes and Kojima believe that they are counteracting their bullying by allowing it to happen to them . Kojima believes that receiving bullying helps purify her , and gives them meaning , something the author of the book disagrees with and characterizes it as harming Kojima ; Lily Meyer of National Public Radio ( NPR ) states that Kawakami has a sympathetic view of Kojima . Due to their affinity to their father , Kojima adopts the appearance of a poor person deliberately , and the book reveals that after their mother became wealthy they had stopped taking baths . In latter parts of the book they later starves herself . They disagree with `` Eyes '' 's idea of getting surgery to correct their condition . Thu-Huong Ha in The Washington Post describes Kojima 's view of bullying as `` kind of religious , moralistic '' . Meyer stated that Kojima is similar to Franny Glass , and that they drag down `` Eyes '' , being unable to provide `` true friendship or solidarity '' .
Ninomiya ( 二ノ宮 ) , who serves as the lead bully , has the highest grades of all of the students in the class . Marve Emre describes Ninomiya as `` handsome , popular '' . Momose ( 百瀬 ) , who serves as Ninimoya 's assistant , tells Kojima that bullies act due to the fact they are able to do so . Ha describes Momose 's view as `` nihilistic '' .
The bullying increases in intensity as the plot continues . After the speech , `` Eyes '' rejects Kojima 's beliefs and decides to confront a tormenter .
Due to the time period , the work does not feature cyberbullying .
Reception
In 2010 the work was awarded the Murasaki Shikibu Prize . The English translation was shortlisted for the International Booker Prize in 2022 .
Reviews
Spiegelman stated that the English version is `` impeccably translated '' , and they described the ending as `` breathtaking '' .
Ha stated that parts of the book appear to be like `` torture porn '' .
Kirkus Reviews describes it as `` an unexpected classic '' , with the writing being `` startlingly graceful '' .
Emre stated that the work `` shows us how to think about morality as an ongoing , dramatic activity '' , something that is the `` real magic '' of the work .
Meyer wrote that Heaven is `` simpler '' than Breasts and Eggs ( the English version of Kawakami 's Natsu Monogatari ) and that it is `` a raw , painful , and tender portrait of adolescent misery '' that `` is very likely to make you cry '' .
See also
Ijime
References
External links
Heaven - Europa Editions
Heaven - Kodansha
2009 Japanese novels
Fiction set in 1991
Kodansha books
Novels set in Japan
Novels set in schools
Novels set in the 1990s
Novels about bullying
Works originally published in Gunzo ( magazine )
Works about school bullying
Robert William MacVicar ( 1918–1998 ) was an American chemist and academic administrator who served as the chancellor of Southern Illinois University , and the 11th president of Oregon State University from 1970 and 1984 .
Early life and education
Robert W. MacVicar was born in Princeton , Minnesota , on September 28 , 1918 . MacVicar studied chemistry at the University of Wyoming , earning a Bachelor of Science degree in 1939 . Upon graduation , MacVicar was awarded a Rhodes scholarship , but it proved impossible for them to attend due to the outbreak of World War II .
MacVicar enrolled and Oklahoma State University–Stillwater , where they continued their chemistry studies . MacVicar earned a Master of Science in 1940 , authoring a thesis entitled `` The Effect of Adrenaline Injections on the Chloride and Phosphorus Distribution of the Blood '' .
MacVicar spent the duration of the war as an officer in the United States Army . They left military service as a colonel in the United States Army Air Corps .
Following the conclusion of the war , MacVicar moved to Madison , Wisconsin to attend the University of Wisconsin–Madison , from which they obtained a PhD in biochemistry in 1946 . MacVicar 's dissertation was entitled `` The Boron Metabolism of Plants '' and included material which they had been able to publish in the American Potato Journal and Botanical Gazette .
Career
After earning their doctorate , MacVicar returned to Stillwater to take a position as an assistant professor of agricultural chemistry research and chemistry , later gaining promotion to a full professorship . They remained at Oklahoma State until 1964 .
Concurrently with their professorship at Oklahoma State , MacVicar became involved in school administration , taking on the role of dean of the graduate school in 1953 . They continued to serve in that capacity until their departure from Stillwater in 1964 . From 1957 they also served as vice president for academic affairs .
In 1968 , MacVicar was named chancellor of Southern Illinois University , located in the town of Carbondale in the state 's downstate coal mining country . MacVicar remained there until 1970 , when they came west to Corvallis , Oregon , to assume a post as the 15th president of Oregon State University .
MacVicar remained as head of Oregon State until their retirement in 1984 , during which time the campus was expanded with the addition of 23 new buildings . Under MacVicar 's watch the total number of faculty at OSU expanded from 1,766 to 2,247 , while the school 's budget tripled .
After their retirement , they were named professor emeritus of chemistry and president emeritus , special assistant to the chancellor . They also served as acting president of the College of Ganado , a small college in Arizona , for seven months in 1985 .
MacVicar published over 135 papers , reports and articles .
Death
MacVicar died on December 26 , 1998 in Portland , Oregon at the age of 80 . Their papers are archived in the Oregon State University library .
Footnotes
Works
Feeding Trials with Mineral and Protein Supplements for Two-and Three-Year-Old Steers Wintering on Dry Grass . With Oscar Burr Ross and D.F . Stephens . Stillwater , OK : Oklahoma Agricultural Experiment Station , 1950 .
Science is Everybody 's Business . Oklahoma City , OK : United Founders Life Insurance Co. , n.d. [ 1960 ] .
Vitamin A Studies with Beef Cattle : A Summary of Experimental Studies Conducted at Oklahoma State University , 1946–1959 . With L.S . Pope and Frank H. Baker . Stillwater , OK : Oklahoma Agricultural Experiment Station , 1961 .
External links
`` Guide to the Robert W. MacVicar Papers 1942-1995 , '' Oregon State University Archives , Valley Library , Corvallis , OR .
`` Guide to the President 's Office Photographs , 1923-1998 , '' Oregon State University Archives , Valley Library , Corvallis , OR .
1918 births
1998 deaths
University of Wyoming alumni
Oklahoma State University alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
Southern Illinois University Carbondale faculty
Presidents of Oregon State University
People from Princeton , Minnesota
Feyzabad ( , also Romanized as Feyzābād and Feyẕābād ; also known as Faizābād ) is a village in Siyavashan Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 697 , in 155 families .
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
Yanam district is one of the four districts of the Union Territory of Puducherry in India .
Geography
Yanam district occupies an area of ,
It is located south of Kakinada port on the north bank of Godavari river , slightly inland . It is bordered and surrounded by Konaseema district on South and Kakinada district on north ( Districts of Andhra State )
Revenue villages
Apart from the town of Yanam itself , the following villages fall under the district 's jurisdiction :
Agraharam
Darialatippa
Farampeta
Guerempeta
Kanakalapeta
Kurasampeta
Mettakur
Demographics
According to the 2011 census Yanam district has a population of 55,626 , roughly equal to the island of Greenland . This gives it a ranking of 629th in India ( out of a total of 640 ) .
The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 77.15 % . Yanam has a sex ratio of 1039 females for every 1000 males , and a literacy rate of 80.26 % .
See also
Yanam ( India )
Yanam Municipality
Karaikal district
Mahé district
Puducherry district
References
Districts of Puducherry
Alessia De Gasperis ( born 17 March 1990 ) , formerly known as Kai ( also stylized as kai ) , is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Toronto , Ontario . Best known for their collaborations , they co-wrote and was featured on Flume 's Grammy-nominated `` Never Be like You '' , Diplo 's `` Revolution '' , and `` Mind '' from by Jack Ü 's Grammy award-winning 2015 album .
Early life and education
Alessia De Gasperis-Brigante
attended Bishop Strachan School , notable for its various alumni , including actor Laurie Holden . They are the granddaughter of deceased Italian-Canadian billionaire Alfredo De Gasperis .
Kai derives their name from the Japanese word kai , which means 'change ' . They claim to be something new in music and they only wants `` to relate [ and ] share their stories with their fans and anyone who will lend their ear . ''
On 2 April 2021 , they said the following on social media : `` Kai was part of me I felt safe in sharing . An aspect of me . But I 'm ready to be all of me now . Change is good when it 's coming from truth . Allow me to introduce myself : My name is Alessia De Gasperis and I look forward to our friendship and journey together and I 'm grateful for your love and support always and forever , ADG ( Alessia De Gasperis ) ''
Career
Early career
In 2011 , Kai released their debut extended play , 11:11 , which included their debut single `` I Choose Me '' , which is frequently used in campaigns for First Choice Haircutters . The EP received minimal promotion and did not chart .
In 2012 , Kai collaborated with Montreal dubstep group Adventure Club on the track `` Need Your Heart '' , which features Kai 's vocals and writing . The song has been remixed by several artists , including Minnesota , Crywolf , and Candyland . The track peaked at number 2 on the iTunes Electronic music chart .
Breakthrough
Kai collaborated with Diplo on their EP Revolution , co-writing and appearing on the title track `` Revolution '' . They lent their vocals to the track `` Crawl '' by Childish Gambino for their second studio album , Because the Internet .
In 2014 , Kai wrote `` Sweet Talker '' , which was produced by Diplo , the title track from Jessie J 's third studio album of the same name which was released in October 2014 . They stated that they wrote the song with Rihanna in mind . They wrote and was featured on the track `` Mind '' on the 2015 debut album of Jack Ü , a collaborative project of Skrillex and Diplo .
In 2016 , Kai wrote and was featured on the track `` Never Be Like You '' by Australian electronic musician Flume . It reached number one in Australia and the top 20 in the United States , as well as becoming an international hit and their first song to top the iTunes Electronic music chart .
Discography
Albums
Extended plays
Singles
As featured artist
Other featured in
2013 : `` Revolution '' ( Diplo feat . Faustix , ImanoS & Kai )
2015 : `` Mind '' ( Jack Ü feat . Kai ) , RIAA : Gold
2015 : `` Let Me Love You Right '' ( Hunter Siegel feat . Kai )
Awards and nominations
References
1990 births
APRA Award winners
ARIA Award winners
Living people
Canadian women pop singers
Musicians from Toronto
21st-century Canadian women singers
Canadian people of Italian descent
`` Sister Ray '' is a 1968 song by The Velvet Underground .
Sister Ray may also refer to :
Sister Ray ( singer ) , Métis singer-songwriter
Sister Ray , a fictional laser cannon in the video game Final Fantasy VII
`` Sister Ray '' , a 2021 single by Foxes ( singer )
The following is a list of episodes of Naked Science , an American documentary television series which premiered in 2004 on the National Geographic Channel .
Episode list
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
Season 4
Season 5
Season 6
Season 7
Season 8
External links
Naked Science at Yidio.com
Naked Science at TVGuide.com
Naked Science at EpisodeWorld.com
Lists of American non-fiction television series episodes
Jair Marrufo ( born June 7 , 1977 ) is an American soccer referee . They have been a referee in Major League Soccer since 2002 and a FIFA referee since 2007 .
Career
Marrufo was 2008 MLS Referee of the Year .
Marrufo was suspended by MLS for the remainder of the 2009 MLS season as of September 1 , 2009 , for poor performance over the course of the season , and subsequently on February 5 , 2010 , Marrufo was removed from the 2010 World Cup referee list .
It was announced in 2013 that Marrufo would be a member of the newly formed Professional Referee Organization , the body responsible for refereeing appointments among the United States and Canada 's top soccer leagues .
On July 8 , 2014 , Marrufo was assigned to the 2014 MLS All-Star Game , to be played on August 6 at Providence Park between an MLS All-Star team and Bayern Munich .
They also officiated a 2017 International Champions Cup match between FC Barcelona and Real Madrid on 29 July 2017 , after which they were accused by Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitić of insulting him .
Marrufo was selected to officiate in the 2018 FIFA World Cup , and their first appointment was the Group G match between Belgium & Tunisia .
Marrufo refereed the 2018 FIFA Club World Cup Final between Real Madrid and Al Ain FC .
They refereed the second leg of the 2019 Concacaf Champions League Final between C.F . Monterrey and Tigres UANL on May 1 , 2019 .
On May 17 , 2019 , Marrufo was appointed to be a referee for the 2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup in the United States .
Personal life
Their father , Antonio Marrufo , was a FIFA referee from Mexico and served on the Mexican Referee Commission . Jair Marrufo speaks fluent English and Spanish .
They are the husband of teacher and UTEP graduate Zinnia Mares Marrufo and they have two children together .
They are of Mexican descent .
Honors
FIFA panel – 2007–present
Two Olympic qualifier tournaments
Beijing Olympics – 2008
MLS Referee of the Year – 2008
Two U-17 World Cups
MLS Cup Playoffs
Copa Central Americano – 2014
MLS All-Star Game – 2014
CONCACAF Gold Cup – 2009 , 2011 , 2013 , 2015
MLS Cup – 2006 , 2015 , 2020
Copa América – 2016
FIFA World Cup - 2018
CONCACAF Champions League Final – 2019
Card statistics
References
External links
( archive )
1977 births
Living people
American soccer referees
American sportspeople of Mexican descent
People from El Paso , Texas
CONCACAF Champions League referees
CONCACAF Gold Cup referees
Major League Soccer referees
North American Soccer League referees
2018 FIFA World Cup referees
Copa América referees
Ivakin ( ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Ivakina . It may refer to
Anatoliy Ivakin ( born 1955 ) , Russian physicist-acoustician
Anton Ivakin ( born 1991 ) , Russian pole vaulter
Valentin Ivakin ( 1930–2010 ) , Russian football goalkeeper and manager
Yaroslav Ivakin ( born 1998 ) , Russian football player
Yekaterina Ivakina ( born 1964 ) , Russian javelin thrower
Russian-language surnames
Pushaw Lake is a shallow , warmwater lake in Penobscot County , Maine , United States about north of downtown Bangor and west of downtown Orono . The lake is part of the towns of Orono , Old Town , Hudson , and Glenburn . There are roads and private residences along much of the lake , except the southeastern side where the Caribou Bog complex borders the lake . A small dam was constructed in 1920 at the lake 's outflow to maintain constant water levels . The lake 's formation and history prior to 1920 remains unclear . The formation of Pushaw Lake was likely caused by glacial melting , however , some locals believe that the lake was greatly expanded in size by flooding or human-made causes at some point in history , explaining the lake 's shallow depth .
External links
Greater Pushaw Lake Association
References
Lakes of Penobscot County , Maine
Glacial lakes of the United States
North Maine Woods
Penobscot River
Reservoirs in Maine
Manuel Gava ( born 20 February 1991 ) is a German politician of Italian descent . They are a member of the SPD and has been Member of the German Bundestag for Osnabrück City since 2021 .
Early life
Gava was born in Pieve di Cadore in Italy . After moving to Germany , they grew up in Taunusstein in Hesse .
See also
List of members of the 20th Bundestag
References
1991 births
Living people
21st-century German politicians
People from the Province of Belluno
People from Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis
People from Osnabrück
German people of Italian descent
Italian emigrants to Germany
Members of the Bundestag for Lower Saxony
Members of the Bundestag for the Social Democratic Party of Germany
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Nike Cachaña is an association football designed and manufactured by Nike . Based on the Nike Ordem , it was the official match ball for the 2015 Copa America .
Overview
The name derived from Chilean Spanish language , the word cachaña referred to `` dribbling '' , a colloquial term used in Chilean street football .
This ball is designed with white as its main appearance featured with blue and red applications , representing the host nation Chile . The colours of the Chilean flag make a statement in the design of this ball : the red representing the people , the blue symbolizing the Chilean sky , and the white for the Andes that so strongly define the geography of this country .
See also
Nike Ordem
References
2015 Copa América
Nike footballs
The men 's long jump event at the 1973 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 10 March in Rotterdam .
Results
References
Long jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Long
Sir George Stewart Symes , ( 29 July 1882 – 5 December 1962 ) was a British Army officer and colonial governor .
Career
Symes was born in Kent , the son of Lieutenant Colonel William Alexander Symes of the 71st Highland Light Infantry , and Emily Catherine ( née Shore ) , daughter of Charles Shore , 2nd Baron Teignmouth .
Symes was commissioned a second lieutenant in The Hampshire Regiment in August 1900 , and served in South Africa during the end of the Second Boer War in 1902 , receiving the rank of lieutenant on 21 April 1902 . Symes took part in the Battle of Rooiwal and was stationed for a while in Potchefstroom . They later stayed briefly in the town of Hermanus which they described as `` peaceful . '' Later that year they were posted in the Aden Hinterland , where they served 1903–1904 . They are said to have been the only British army officer to be awarded a Distinguished Service Order ( DSO ) for services in the hinterland .
They were Governor of the Palestine North District from 1920 to 1925 , Chief Secretary to the Government of Palestine from 1925 to 1928 , Resident at Aden from 1928 to 1931 , Governor of Tanganyika from 1931 to 1934 and Governor-General of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan from 1934 to 1940 . During their time in Tanganyika they gained a reputation for governing in the interest of the indigenous African population . This led to them becoming unpopular with some of the white settlers in that country and in neighboring Kenya , and they were known as being one of the most `` pro-African '' colonial governors . On every issue in which there was conflict between indigenous Africans and European settlers they governed in favor of the Africans . On multiple occasions they had European settlers deported from the country on the grounds they were mistreating Africans . There were British District Commissioners who were administrators under previous governors , and during their time in Tanganyika had learned to speak the Tongwe and Bende languages before being rotated out , Symes had them recalled to Tanganyika and stationed in areas that spoke Tongwe and Bende . They also devoted government resources towards water purification projects , literacy programs and the administration of antibiotics to natives . On numerous issues they promoted encouraging the native population to vote on matters that effected them . They also insisted , as did their predecessor , that Africans be paid the same wages as Europeans and Indians for the same work . When asked in the 1950s if they supported African independence movements they said that they did .
References
External links
The Malvern Register , 1905
The Anglo Boer War : Symes , G.S .
Aden Airways : George Symes
1882 births
1962 deaths
Governors-General of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan
Royal Hampshire Regiment officers
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
British Army personnel of the Second Boer War
People educated at Malvern College
British colonial governors and administrators in Asia
British Army personnel of World War I
Governors of Tanganyika ( territory )
Colony of Aden people
Chief Secretaries of Palestine
People from Wateringbury
Kathleen H. Wilber ( born 1948 ) is a professor of gerontology and policy planning and development at the University of Southern California . At the USC Leonard Davis School of Gerontology , they hold the title of Mary Pickford Foundation Professor of Gerontology . Wilber also holds an appointment in Health Services Administration in the School of Planning , Policy , and Development . They have dedicated their career to improving the quality of life of people with chronic physical and mental health conditions , by improving the formal health and long term care delivery system . The collaborative relationships among health care providers , cost effectiveness and health outcomes of different service delivery structures are more specific examples of their research .
Education
BA , Manhattanville College , 1970
MSW , USC , 1975
MPA , USC , 1975
PhD , USC , 1983
References
External links
University of Southern California Davis School of Gerontology
Kathleen Wilber 's research group : A Secure Old Age
Kathleen Wilber 's publications
University of Southern California
American gerontologists
Manhattanville College alumni
University of Southern California faculty
1948 births
Living people
Women medical researchers
The American Civil War led to enormous cultural changes throughout the United States . No group experienced a more radical shift than slaves who were freed as the Union Army swept through the South . While there was no initial plan for addressing the specific needs of the slave population , Union generals quickly recognized their impoverishment and suffering , and sought to provide education and material support both for civilians and for former slaves who enlisted with Union forces .
As slaves were liberated by advancing forces , education quickly became one of their highest priorities . They saw literacy as a means of empowerment and social advancement . However , economic necessities , ongoing warfare , outbreaks of cholera and dysentery , and their overwhelming numbers made education both a dangerous and difficult endeavor . Throughout the South , generals and their staffs sought to establish and maintain order by providing basic education and training .
Education of Civilians
While the War Department made no initial provision for the slaves , many generals , most notably General William Tecumseh Sherman , advocated providing immediate aid and appealed to various philanthropic agencies to send teachers to provide religious and vocational instruction .
General Ulysses S. Grant was the first to deliberately and formally respond to the plight of the African-American community when they appointed General John Eaton as Superintendent for Negro Affairs in the Department of Tennessee . Eaton 's authority ranged over an area that included not only Tennessee , but portions of Kentucky and Mississippi , as well . They worked to provide teachers with lodging , funding , transportation , and protection . They later divided the region into districts , developed standard curricula , and attempted to obtain standard textbooks . Their efforts met with success . By 1864 , the Department of Tennessee had established 74 schools in the region , serving more than 6200 pupils ( Blassingame , p. 153 ) .
Virginia and North Carolina
General Benjamin Franklin Butler , who was responsible for Virginia and North Carolina , was also proactive . They appointed Lt. Col. J . B. Kinsman as chief of a Department of Negro Affairs and directed them to ensure that blacks would receive both secular and religious instruction . Philanthropic agencies provided teachers and supplies ; the army provided funding , transportation , and lodging . Kinsman emphasized vocational training as well as literacy instruction . Former slaves learned carpentry , weaving , shoemaking , and other trades , as well as how to read and write . By 1864 , North Carolina had more than 60 teachers and 3000 students in Kinsman 's program ( Blassingame , p. 153 ) .
The Gulf Region
The Department of the Gulf , which encompassed Louisiana , Mississippi , Texas , and Alabama , was overseen by Major General Nathaniel P. Banks , who established a Board of Education and sought to provide basic literacy and job training . The Board received a mandate to : establish schools in each parish , appoint teachers and require them to attend Board-sponsored annual training , develop a standard curriculum , levy taxes to provide funding , and provide books to students , at cost .
In this region , however , there was widespread opposition to African-American education , and whites often refused to help teachers ; some attacked the teachers and their schools directly . When planters refused to lodge teachers , banks threatened to remove their laborers , so the planters finally crumbled under the economic pressure . Despite these tensions , by the end of 1864 , the Board had successfully established 95 schools , providing instruction to more than 9500 children and 2000 adults ( Blasingame , p. 154 ) .
Education in the Union Army
While the education of civilian populations was an admirable and necessary aim of the Union forces , a more pressing need was the instruction of former slaves who actually enlisted . Almost immediately , officers recognized the problems that resulted from illiteracy : verbal instructions and explanations cost valuable time , and despite the courage of these new troops , advancement without some degree of education was impossible , and this led to a loss of morale . Numerous regiments , including the 33rd , 55th , 67th , 73rd , 76th , 78th , 83rd , 88th , 89th , and the 128th received instruction from chaplains and Northern teachers . Not only was this training designed to improve the soldiers ' wartime efficacy , but by learning trades like bricklaying and carpentry , they felt more secure about their long-term stability .
Just as General Benjamin Franklin Butler had taken an active role in civilian education in North Carolina and Virginia , when they united 37 regiments to form the Twenty-Fifth Corps in December 1864 , they ordered that chaplains oversee schools in each regiment : “ thus , with a stroke of their pen , Butler guaranteed that 29,875 Negro soldiers would receive systematic instruction ” ( p. 157 ) . Under their orders , taxes were levied to fund these schools and officers were threatened with dishonorable discharges if their soldiers did not improve in terms of discipline and education . Further , soldiers were offered tangible rewards for attending classes . Not only did learning and literacy predicate promotion , but soldiers could receive popular books , especially the Bible , exemption from certain duties , and day passes through these programs .
Thousands of freedmen received their first formal instruction through the involvement of the Union Army . These programs laid the groundwork for agencies such as the Freedmen 's Bureau and encouraged the intellectual and professional development of civilians and soldiers alike .
References
Blassingame , John W. ( 1965 ) . The Union Army as an Educational Institution for Negroes , 1862-1865 . In The Journal of Negro Education , Vol . 34 , No . 2. pp . 152–159 .
Fen , Sing-nan . ( 1967 ) . Notes on the Education of Negroes in North Carolina During the Civil War . In The Journal of Negro Education , Vol . 36 , No . 1. pp . 24–31 .
Slavery in the United States
Civil War
Silas Wright Burt ( April 5 , 1830 – November 30 , 1912 ) was a civil service reformer and naval officer of the port of New York .
Burt was born in Albany , New York , the son of Thomas Burt and Lydia ( Butts ) Burt in 1830 . In 1855 , they married Jeanette Ferrell of Logansport , Indiana . President Rutherford B. Hayes appointed them Naval Officer of the Port of New York in 1878 as a part of their efforts to reform the civil service structure there . After their term expired in 1883 , President Chester A. Arthur appointed Burt to be Chief Examiner of the Civil Service System for the state of New York . President Grover Cleveland reappointed them Naval Officer in 1885 . They later served as Civil Service Commissioner of New York from 1895 to 1900 .
Their brother , James Burt , was also a customs official in New York as well as a banker .
Sources
External links
1830 births
1912 deaths
Military personnel from Albany , New York
Banka is a small village , administered as part of Jang Bahadur Ganj village in Lakhimpur Kheri District , Uttar Pradesh , India . It is noted for its temple to the Goddess of English .
English temple
The English temple was built near the Nalanda Public Shiksha Niketan School from April 2010 onwards in black granite and inaugurated on 25 October in honour of the anniversary of Thomas Babington Macaulay , 1st Baron Macaulay 's birthday . It contains a Statue of Liberty-inspired statue of the goddess wearing hat and gown , clutching a pen and a guide to the Indian Constitution . A computer screen by its side features the Buddhist Dharma chakra . The walls are adorned with numerous symbols related to the maths and sciences . The purpose of the temple is to promote the English language among the Dalit peoples , which local governors believe crucial to the future success of the area and improving education .
References
Villages in Lakhimpur Kheri district
Communist Party of Andalusia ( in Spanish : Partido Comunista de Andalucía ) is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain ( PCE ) in Andalusia .
History
PCA was founded in 1979 , as the Andalusian branch of PCE was converted into a regional party . The party supported autonomy for Andalusia , and called for a 'yes'-vote in the 1980 referendum on autonomy . During this phase it worked in cooperation with the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party at the municipal level . At the time , Fernando Soto was the general secretary of PCA .
PCA contested the 1982 Spanish parliamentary election , obtaining 211,456 votes ( 6.19 % of the votes in Andalusia ) . The party was able to elect one parliamentarian to the Congress of Deputies , from the electoral district of Seville .
In the 1983 municipal elections , at a time when the influence of PCE was decreased across Spain , the Andalusian communists were able to win a decisive victory ( 57.4 % ) in the city of Córdoba . This was the sole provincial capital in which the PCE won the post of mayor in these elections . The electoral victory was largely due to the charismatic leadership of the mayoral candidate , Julio Anguita . The fourth congress of PCA , held in January 1984 , decided to launch the coalition Convocatoria por Andalucía . Convocatoria por Andalucía would become a model for the statewide United Left ( IU ) which contested the 1986 municipal elections .
Leadership and organization
PCA is led by a Central Committee .
The tenth congress of PCA , held in Matalascañas March 20–21 , 2010 elected José Manuel Mariscal as the new general secretary of PCA , replacing José Luis Centella ( who had been elected as the general secretary of PCE in November 2009 ) . Juan de Dios Villanueva was elected as vice general secretary .
The twelfth congress of PCA , held in Albolote July 2 , 2017 elected Ernesto Alba as the new general secretary of PCA , replacing José Manuel Mariscal .
References
External links
PCA website
1979 establishments in Spain
Andalusia
Political parties established in 1979
Political parties in Andalusia
The 2021–22 Lebanese FA Cup was the 49th edition of the national football cup competition of Lebanon . It started with the round of 16 on 16 December 2021 , and ended on 11 June 2022 with the final .
Lebanese Premier League side Ansar were the defending champions , having won the 2020–21 edition . They lost to cross-city rivals Nejmeh 2–1 in the final .
Teams
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Bracket
The following is the bracket which the Lebanese FA Cup resembled . Numbers in parentheses next to the score represents the results of a penalty shoot-out .
Season statistics
Top scorers
Most assists
References
External links
RSSSF
Goalzz
Lebanese FA Cup seasons
FA Cup
Lebanese FA Cup
Richard de Drax was Archdeacon of Totnes from 1359 until 1361 .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
The Minneapolis Guitar Quartet , founded in 1986 , is regarded as one of North America 's leading guitar ensembles . They have several recordings under the Albany Records label . Their first two albums were New Works for Guitar Quartet and Over Land and Sea . [ citation - Soundboard Magazine ]
Current members of the quartet are Maja Radovanlija , Benjamin Kunkel , Wade Oden , and Joseph Hagedorn ( a founder ) . Previous members include , the group 's founder - Alan Johnston , O. Nicholas Raths , Juan Fernandez , John Chatterton , Jeff Lambert , Jeffrey Thygeson , David Crittenden , Steven Newbrough , and Ben Gateno .
External links
Official MGQ website
Classical guitar ensembles
Following is a list of notable music venues in Portland , Oregon :
Aladdin Theater
Alberta Street Pub
Antoinette Hatfield Hall
Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall
Crystal Ballroom
Dante 's
Doug Fir Lounge
Hawthorne Theatre
Holocene
Jack London Revue
Keller Auditorium
Lola 's Room
Mississippi Studios
Moda Center
Oregon Zoo
Revolution Hall
Roseland Theater
Spare Room Restaurant and Lounge
Star Theater
Veterans Memorial Coliseum
Wonder Ballroom
World Famous Kenton Club
Defunct venues include :
Analog Café and Theater
Backspace
Berbati 's Pan
Blue Monk
Brasserie Montmartre
Candlelight Cafe & Bar
The Dude Ranch
Jimmy Mak 's
The Know
La Luna
The Liquor Store
No Vacancy Lounge
Paris Theatre
Satyricon
Tonic Lounge
X-Ray Cafe
See also
Portland 's Centers for the Arts
Portland , Oregon
Music venues
The Dominica ambassador in Beijing was the official representative of the government in Roseau to the government of the People 's Republic of China .
In September 2004 a delegation from Dominica visited the People 's Republic of China to take a familiarization tour of Chiana 's agricultural practices in two of its major agricultural areas . The six-person delegation was headed by Dominica 's Minister for Agriculture , Ambrose George . The group 's focus was on horticulture , agro-processing , biotechnology , fish farming and exotic crop production . This was the first official delegation by Dominicans since the two countries established diplomatic relation in March 2004 . During this visit Dominicans were told that a high level delegation from China 's Ministry of Agriculture would take a tour of Dominica 's agricultural areas as a first step in formalizing an agricultural technology cooperation program .
List of representatives
References
China
Dominica
El Molino Viejo , also known as The Old Mill , is a former grist mill in the San Rafael Hills of present-day San Marino , California , United States , and was built in 1816 by Father José María de Zalvidea from the Mission San Gabriel Arcángel ( San Gabriel Mission ) . It is the oldest commercial building in Southern California , and was one of the first ten sites in Los Angeles County to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places , receiving the recognition in 1971 . The Old Mill has also been designated as a California Historical Landmark .
Construction and operation as a grist mill
Though there are varying accounts of the exact date , San Gabriel Mission records indicate it was built in 1816 . The mill was built on land owned by the San Gabriel Mission , and was designed by Franciscan Father José Maria de Zalvidea , then in charge of the mission . It was built by Tongvan Mission Indian laborers under the supervision of Father Zalvidea .
The mill was built like a fortress . Its lower walls are nearly five feet thick at the base , and are made of brick and volcanic tuff . Some have written that the thick fortress-like walls were intended to allow the padres to barricade themselves in the event of `` a disturbance among their somewhat uncertain converts . '' The upper walls are made of sun-dried adobe slabs , and the building 's surface is covered with a lime mortar made from burnt seashells . The pine and sycamore beams are tied with leather thongs , and the structure is also supported by large buttresses which can still be seen on building 's exterior corners .
Water was brought to the mill in an open ditch ( zanja ) from Los Robles and Kewen Canyons , and stored in a large cistern . For the mill itself , Father Zalvidea designed an unusual horizontal , direct impulse water wheel . There were three vaulted water chambers on the ground floor and a single horizontal water wheel . The water wheel was attached to a vertical shaft that went up to the second level ( the current entrance room ) where the grinding stones were located . One of the grinding stones was attached to the shaft , and rotated along with the water wheel . A second stone was placed above the rotating stone , with corn and grain between the stones . It is suspected that the force of the water from the cistern was not sufficient to start the wheel turning with the required force , and that a leather thong was wrapped around the shaft and pulled by Indians to start the wheel . The upper-most room , used now as an art gallery , was used for storage of the final product . After the water flowed out of the mill , it was channeled into a lake down hill from the mill . The lake has since dried up and is now the site of San Marino 's Lacy Park .
It was the first water-powered grist mill in Southern California , and some have called it the first grist mill in California . While some have called Father Zalvidea 's horizontal design a `` mechanical marvel , evolved and constructed by a mastermind , '' others considered the design flawed as it splashed moisture up the shaft , leaving the flour damp . The mill was operational for only seven years , during which time it provided food for the missionaries and Indian neophytes , there were 1,644 Tongva-Gabrieleños in 1816 ( Population of Native California ) in the mission community . In 1823 , a New England-style mill with a vertical waterwheel was built adjacent to the mission . The new mill resulted in a superior product , and the old mill ceased operation .
Subsequent uses as a residence and golfing clubhouse
Disputes over title
After the new mill was opened in 1823 , the Old Mill reportedly sat idle for 30 years , during which time it was victimized by vandals and the weather . In 1846 , Pío Pico – last Mexican governor of Alta California – sold , including the mill , to Julian Workman and Hugo Reid ( co-grantee of the adjacent Rancho Huerta de Cuati ) .
However , after the Mexican Cession of California to the U.S. in 1848 , John C. Fremont refused to accept the validity of the transaction . With title to the land in a state of uncertainty , James S. Waite ( publisher of The Star newspaper ) established squatter 's rights over , including the Old Mill .
Occupancy by the Kewens
The property was subsequently sold to Dr. Thomas White for $ 500 . In 1858 , Dr. White conveyed the `` Old Mill Site '' to their daughter Fannie Kewen ; they and their husband , Col. E. J. C. Kewen , both lived there for 20 years . The Kewens added onto the building , installing French windows , a front portico , and a small plaza . Col. Kewen has been described as `` old-time Southern gentleman '' and `` one of the most courteous and politely-polished men California has ever seen . '' There are many accounts of parties hosted by the Kewens at the Old Mill and of their `` prodigal hospitality '' and `` gracious style of living '' . It was said that `` the gallant and gay gathered from miles 'round , listened to the twanging of the guitar and the jolly click of the castenets , and through it all danced gay dances on the floors that once had echoed the quiet footfall of the priest . '' In 1879 , the Kewens defaulted on a mortgage , and the property was foreclosed on by J. Edward Hollenbeck . Hollenbeck sold the property to Edward Mayberry in 1881 , who used the structure as housing for their ranch superintendent .
Rediscovery in the late 19th century
In 1898 , Los Angeles Times reporter Topsy Tinkle wrote a lengthy article following a visit to El Molino Viejo . At that time , the mill was being used to store wine , causing the smell of wine to permeate the building , and as a sleeping place for hired men . Tinkle described the condition of the mill as follows :
The grinding-stones have gone , and also the machinery that in the romantic time of the old mission padres and their Indian neophytes , was wont to turn their corn into meal , and yet , in the material of the building itself , no sign of decay . The large oak beams , only ten inches apart , as sound as in the day the original trees lifted their leafy tops high in air . The cement of which the structure is made apparently defies time ... There are three wheel-houses , the arches of which have been bricked up , and the old millstones are at San Marino , J . De Barth Shorb 's noted ranch near by , where they are used as stepping-stones . ... Padre and Indian have long gone to their rest , and the old mill is absolutely lifeless and deserted save many tiny chameleons that bask and sun themselves in the heated air ...
Acquisition and use by the Huntingtons
In 1903 , the mill site was purchased by the Huntington Land and Improvement Company . When the Huntington Hotel opened in 1914 on the nearby hill , the land around the mill was turned into a golf course , with El Molino Viejo as the clubhouse . The land was later subdivided , leaving the Old Mill vacant .
Reconversion to residential use
In 1927 , Leslie Huntington Brehm , the widow of Henry Huntington 's son , and their husband took over the property , intending to preserve it . They hired Frederick H. Ruppel , a contractor who had restored the Mission San Juan Capistrano . Ruppel turned the mill into a home with modern amenities , but they made no structural change to the original walls . Ruppel also preserved and restored the old features , and where new materials were needed , they sought to maintain the old Mission-style appearance . The Brehms never moved into the Old Mill , instead renting it to a series of tenants , including the Doerr , McDuffy and Washburn families . From 1954-1963 , the mill was leased to the Connell family who were its last occupants .
Current use as a museum and art gallery
When Mrs. Brehm died in 1962 , the Old Mill was willed to the City of San Marino . The city has preserved the building and opened it to the public as a museum and art gallery ( California Art Club Gallery ) , operated first by the California Historical Society and later by the Old Mill Foundation . The museum is open Tuesday through Sunday from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. A model showing how the mill operated is located on the ground floor of the museum . While nothing remains of the waterwheel , two of the millstones ( pictured above ) are displayed in the garden area . The millstones were found more than a century after the mill closed on the grounds of the Huntington Library by General George S. Patton , who grew up in the area and recalled seeing them used as blocks for mounting horses . There is also a 16th-century volcanic rock fountain in the patio to the east of the mill . The fountain was acquired in Mexico by Mrs. Brehm 's daughter , Mrs. Albert Doerr .
Legend of Catalina
In their 1898 publication , Topsy Tinkle recounted a story that the Indians told about a natural spring located on the site of the Old Mill . The story told of a 16-year-old Indian named Catalina with `` thick , jet-black hair '' and `` big , melting black eyes . '' Catalina lived in the time of the San Gabriel Mission and gave roses to the Virgin Mary in hopes that they could win the heart of the handsome José , even hoping that `` something dreadful '' would happen to another girl of whom José was fond . When José left for two years serving on a ship , Catalina turned them back on the Virgin , and Catalina began praying to the old `` Mexican god '' , described as a `` hideous clay image '' . Catalina died of sorrow when José did not return , and their body was buried on the spot where the mill was later built , a spot from which a natural flow of spring water `` slowly oozes '' . According to the legend , oozing spring water is `` only the tears from a loving woman 's broken heart . ''
Historic designations
As the oldest commercial building in Southern California , El Molino Viejo has been recognized as a historic site at the state and national levels . In 1937 , it was documented by the Historic American Buildings Survey . It was one of the first ten sites in Los Angeles County to be listed in the National Register of Historic Places , receiving the recognition in 1971 . It has also been designated as a California Historical Landmark ( # 302 ) that reads : .
NO . 302 OLD Mills - The Old Mill , El Molino Viejo , was designed by Father José María Zalvidea and built of fired bricks and adobe about 1816 to serve Mission San Gabriel . Another grist mill was built in 1823 near the mission and the old mill was gradually abandoned - it passed from mission control in 1846 . The property remained in private hands until 1903 , when Henry E. Huntington bought the building and used it for a golf clubhouse . Later owners , Mr. and Mrs. James Brehm , had the mill restored in 1928 by Frederick Rupple .
See also
List of Registered Historic Places in Los Angeles County , California
List of California Historical Landmarks in Los Angeles County
José Maria de Zalvidea
References
External links
California Office of Historic Preservation Listed Resources listing
Adobe buildings and structures in California
San Marino , California
Grinding mills in California
Museums in Los Angeles County , California
History museums in California
Open-air museums in California
California Historical Landmarks
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Los Angeles County , California
Historic American Buildings Survey in California
Grinding mills on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Industrial buildings completed in 1816
1810s in Alta California
Buildings and structures in Los Angeles County , California
Spanish missions in California
San Gabriel Valley
1816 establishments in New Spain
Robert Graham ( July 24 , 1827December 14 , 1892 ) was an American educator who served as the 12th Superintendent of Public Instruction of Wisconsin .
Early career
Graham was born in Putnam , New York , on July 24 , 1827 . They left office in 1887 and returned to teaching . Their father died when they were a child and they were raised by their childless uncle and aunt . They received an academy education and began teaching school to pay for the cost of attending the State Normal School in Albany , New York ( now the University at Albany , SUNY . They studied under David Perkins Page until their death in 1848 . Graham continued teaching in New York and became Superintendent of Schools in Washington County , New York . In 1861 , however , they were convinced by their wife , Mary 's , family to move west and take up a homestead . They settled at Kenosha , Wisconsin , and Graham quickly became a respected teacher in the area , rising to Superintendent of Schools in Kenosha County , Wisconsin .
Civil War
In 1864 , near the climax of the American Civil War , Graham responded to President Lincoln 's call for A Hundred Days Men to surge personnel into the Union Army ranks in an effort to end the war in 100 days . They enlisted and became Captain of Company C of the 39th Wisconsin Infantry Regiment . Their regiment was assigned to the defense of Memphis , Tennessee , allowing veteran regiments already stationed there to join the Atlanta campaign . They lost over 30 men to disease , but only saw combat on August 21 , 1864 , when a detachment of cavalry under Nathan Bedford Forrest attempted a raid into Memphis in an unsuccessful attempt to capture the Union commanders stationed there . They mustered out a month later at the end of their hundred days service .
Wisconsin schools
Graham returned to teaching in Kenosha , but soon was called to higher office . They were appointed to the University of Wisconsin Board of Regents in 1868 , where they played a consequential role in shaping state schools . Graham 's next project came in 1871 , when a new Normal School was established at Oshkosh ( now the University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh ) . The school 's president , George S. Albee , called on Graham and Graham would go on to serve as Professor at the Normal School for the next ten years . They were a candidate for State Superintendent of Public Instruction in 1873 and 1875 , but was not elected . In 1881 , however , they were nominated by consensus of the Republican , Democratic , and Prohibition parties , winning an overwhelming majority . They were re-elected in 1884 , running on the Republican ticket . They left office in 1887 and returned to teaching .
They died on December 14 , 1892 , at Oshkosh . After a funeral , their body was sent to New York to be interred at their family 's burial plot .
Personal life and family
Graham married Mary M. Maxwell of New York around 1847 . They had only one son , William , living at the time of Graham 's death .
Electoral history
Wisconsin Superintendent ( 1873 , 1875 )
| colspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; background-color : # e9e9e9 ; '' | General Election , November 4 , 1873
| colspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; background-color : # e9e9e9 ; '' | General Election , November 2 , 1875
Wisconsin Superintendent ( 1881 , 1884 )
| colspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; background-color : # e9e9e9 ; '' | General Election , November 8 , 1881
| colspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; background-color : # e9e9e9 ; '' | General Election , November 4 , 1884
References
1827 births
1892 deaths
People from Washington County , New York
People from Kenosha , Wisconsin
Politicians from Oshkosh , Wisconsin
People of Wisconsin in the American Civil War
Educators from Wisconsin
Superintendents of Public Instruction of Wisconsin
19th-century American politicians
Educators from New York ( state )
19th-century American educators
Daniel Jacobus Snoeks ( born 12 July 1994 ) is an Australian model , television personality and tattooist , who lives and performs in South Korea . They were a cast member in the talk show Non-Summit . In October 2014 , Snoeks hosted Saturday Night Live Korea .
Personal
Born to a Dutch father and a Papua New Guinean mother , Snoeks started Taekwondo when they were 4 years old .
Filmography
Television series
Music video appearances
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Tattoo artists
Australian male models
Australian television personalities
Australian expatriates in South Korea
Australian people of Dutch descent
Australian people of Papua New Guinean descent
Maaya ( written : 真綾 or 真礼 ) is a feminine Japanese given name . Notable people with the name include :
, Japanese singer-songwriter , actor and voice actor
, Japanese actor and voice actor
, Japanese footballer
Japanese feminine given names
David Mitchell Suminski ( June 18 , 1931 – September 22 , 2005 ) was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Chicago Cardinals and the Washington Redskins . They played college football at the University of Wisconsin and was drafted in the fifteenth round of the 1953 NFL Draft . Suminski also played 4 seasons in the Canadian Football League ( 1957–60 ) with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats where they twice selected as an All-Star . Suminski was born in Ashland , Wisconsin and graduated from Ashland High School in 1969 . They served in the United States Army during the Korean War . They worked for the Ferry Morse Seed Company . They died at a hospital in Ashland , Wisconsin .
References
External links
1931 births
2005 deaths
American football offensive guards
Chicago Cardinals players
Washington Redskins players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Wisconsin Badgers football players
People from Ashland , Wisconsin
Military personnel from Wisconsin
Players of American football from Wisconsin
This is a list of known applications made to the United States Congress by the state legislatures for a Convention to propose amendments to the United States Constitution under Article V of the Constitution which provides in pertinent part :
A discussion on the history of this process can be found at Convention to propose amendments to the United States Constitution . In particular , theories as to the validity of rescission of applications may also be found there as well as in List of rescissions of Article V Convention applications . All known applications are listed here , noting if and when such an application was known to have been subsequently rescinded .
On January 6 , 2015 the United States House of Representatives began the process of cataloging applications submitted to the House by the state legislatures with the adoption of a new provision in the House 's parliamentary rules of procedure . Previously , all documents related to Article V Convention applications were administratively processed as memorials and only summarized in the House 's portion of the Congressional Record and then referred to the House 's Judiciary Committee . The Clerk of the House , on that office 's webpage , has since listed some—but not all—applications and rescissions received by Congress ' lower chamber since 1960 . As this list may so easily be subsequently removed by a mere change in House rules , references to the actual Congressional Record are preferred . In its portion of the Congressional Record , the United States Senate , by contrast , typically publishes the entire verbatim text of a state legislature 's application for an Article V Convention rather than to merely summarize the application 's content . Once published verbatim in the Record , the Senate refers such memorials to its own Judiciary Committee .
The Congressional Record prior to 1876 is available through the Library of Congress , and online since 1995 . In 1990 , Judge Bruce Van Sickle and attorney Lynn M. Boughey compiled a list from the Congressional Record of state applications for an Article V Convention in the Hamline Law Review . Photocopies of the relevant sections of the Congressional Record have been available through Friends of the Article V Convention ( FOAVC ) for the gap in the electronically available Congressional Record .
Van Sickle-Boughey classification
In `` A Lawful and Peaceful Revolution '' , Van Sickle and Boughey define five classifications of applications :
Class I : A call for a general convention , with no motivating issue listed
Class II : A call for a general convention , with a separate statement of proposed amendment or explicit statement that the convention may consider other amendments proposed by states
Class III : A call for a general convention tied to a proposed amendment
Class IV : A call for a convention , with language aimed to limit the convention to the issue presented
Class V : A call for a convention , with language to rescind the application from consideration for a convention if any other topic is to be covered
The following is added to this list , where the original text was not recorded in the Congressional Record :
Class ? ? : A note of an application without the actual text
Van Sickle and Boughey indicate which applications have been rescinded by their state by encasing these in parentheses , and make no note of which applications have led to amendments proposed by Congress .
In the table below , the classification of rescinded applications are stricken , with the year of rescission given in parentheses and a link to the record of the rescission . Those applications which lead to amendments proposed by Congress are listed in parentheses .
List of state applications for an Article V convention
Although all columns are sortable , applications are initially arranged by date approved by the state legislature or by date of entry into the Congressional Record . Application classes are encased in parentheses if Congress presented an amendment on the topic given and stricken if the state legislature has subsequently rescinded its application . All descriptions with six or more states have identical amendment text , unless specified . As of October 2020 , only the Hawaii State Legislature has never approved an Article V convention application through both its upper chamber and its lower chamber during the same legislative session .
Counts by states
In 1929 Wisconsin presented a list of states having made applications for a convention exceeding the two-thirds requirement that was referred to the Senate Judiciary Committee , with no further action . In 2013 states began listing existing state applications when joining them .
Wisconsin 1929
In 1929 Wisconsin applied to Congress to perform their constitutional duty to call a convention , listing Alabama , Arkansas , California , Colorado , Delaware , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , Vermont , Virginia , Washington , and Wisconsin as states having made an application for a convention . There were 48 states in 1929 , so 32 applications would be required to call a convention . 35 states were named .
Links to the text of applications by all states except California and North Carolina are provided in the table above . A reference to an application by California has been found in the Congressional Record and the text of an application by South Carolina is given in the table above . It may be that North Carolina was mistakenly included for South Carolina .
Three states , Missouri , Texas , and Wisconsin , had applied for a general convention . Eleven states listed had applied for a convention to prohibit polygamy ( Delaware , Illinois , Michigan , Minnesota , Montana , Nebraska , Ohio , Oregon , South Dakota , Vermont , and Washington ) , plus South Carolina . Idaho had included the direct election of the President and Vice President with their request for direct election of Senators . Thus , 16 states clearly had outstanding applications .
Alabama and Georgia had outstanding issues from 1832 and 1833 , making a less certain 18 . Colorado , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Louisiana , Nevada , and Oklahoma would be added if we include class II requests for Direct Elections of Senators , for a total of 25 .
The only known records for an application New York and Virginia are their ratification documents , before the Bill of Rights . New Jersey and Kentucky applied for a convention to prevent the Civil War , and class III applications for the Direct Election of Senators . Arkansas , Maine , Pennsylvania , Tennessee , and Utah only had documented class III applications for the Direct Election of Senators . California is most likely in this group . These ten states have applications that may have been mooted by amendments proposed by Congress .
Balanced Budget
The balanced budget application of Ohio in 2013 through that of Arizona in 2017—except North Dakota—include a list of previous state applications for a balanced budget . Wisconsin 's 2017 application also does not contain such a list . These lists mostly extend the previous lists , except possibly omitting state applications from the same legislative session .
Arizona has the most complete list , including Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Louisiana , Maryland , Michigan , Mississippi , Missouri , Nebraska , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Utah and West Virginia . This represents 29 states .
Applications for all of the states mentioned above can be found in the list . Additionally , rescinded applications can be found for Delaware , Idaho , Oregon and Virginia . In particular , Delaware is included in lists prior to their rescission in 2016 , but not after .
Wyoming and Wisconsin have made recent applications not included by Arizona , while Maryland , Nevada , New Mexico , and Colorado have recently rescinded their applications . This suggests a current total of 27 states , seven short of the required 34 .
Convention of States Resolution
The Convention of States Resolution includes fiscal restraints on the federal government , limiting the power and jurisdiction of the federal government , and limiting the terms of office of federal officials , including members of Congress .
A complete list of passed resolutions with vote summaries , filing dates , and related links can be found using the Convention of States website .
As of August 7 , 2022 , 19 of the 34 states needed have passed the resolution .
Wolf Pac Resolution
The Wolf Pac Resolution calls for regulation of election campaign donations and expenditures ; end legal concept of `` corporate personhood '' ; overturn 2010 U.S. Supreme Court decision in case of Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission . Rhode Island included a count of the states in their 2016 application .
Rhode Island has the most complete list , including the following five states : California , Illinois , New Jersey , Rhode Island and Vermont . All of these applications are included in the list , with no recent additions .
U.S . Term Limits
The U.S . Term Limits Resolution calls for limiting the terms of members of Congress . States passing applications are Florida in 2016 , Alabama in 2018 , Missouri in 2018 , and West Virginia in 2021 , for a total of four states .
Paulsen style application counts
Michael Stokes Paulsen holds that the applications for a convention alone should govern the convention . Thus , this section contains counts of applications based on groupings not excluded by the applications themselves .
Counts including class IV , V , or VI applications would be limited to those with the same description , and can be found by sorting the list by topic .
Class I and II Applications
Indiana , Missouri , Ohio , Texas , and Wisconsin have outstanding applications for a convention to propose amendments , with no accompanying issue .
Alabama has a request for a convention limiting tariffs , and South Carolina one for clarification on Amendment X , each implying that other amendments may be considered .
Class I , II , and III Applications
24 more states have outstanding class III applications . These are Arkansas , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware , Illinois , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Nebraska , Nevada , New Mexico , North Dakota , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Dakota , Vermont , Virginia , and Washington .
This gives a total of 31 states with known class I , II , or III applications . Three more applications would meet the 2/3rds requirement to call a convention .
Brennan style application counts
Thomas E. Brennan holds that , in 1982 , it was necessary , desirable , and feasible to hold a convention . They list the following counts in the introduction to their claim :
450 applications through 1980 , plus 25 more since 1980 , gives 475 total applications .
Applications from every state in the union ( Hawaii 's expired and did not call for a convention , 8 states have rescinded all applications , leaving 41 ) .
36 states with more than six or more separate applications ( Ten of those have since rescinded all or most of their applications , and five are not identified in the table above , but several states have five applications listed here ) .
See also
List of rescissions of Article V Convention applications
Convention to propose amendments to the United States Constitution
Second Constitutional Convention of the United States
References
External links
FoAVC Index to congressional records
FoAVC Tables of state applications
Colorado 's procedurally-improper House Resolution No . 12-1003
Friends of the Article V Convention
Article Five of the United States Constitution
United States constitutional law
Politics of the United States
Marianne C. Walck is the Chief Research Officer at the Idaho National Laboratory . They previously served as Vice President of the Sandia National Laboratories , where they led nuclear weapons flight attendantship .
Early life and education
Walck studied physics and geology at Hope College , which they graduated in 1978 . They earned master 's and doctorate degrees in geophysics at the California Institute of Technology . For their doctorate ( 1984 ) , Walck worked on teleseismic array analysis of upper mantle velocity structure with Robert Clayton and Don Anderson . Them subsequent research considered subsurface energy sources and treaty verification .
Research and career
Walck joined Sandia National Laboratories in 1984 . After 6 years as a research scientist , they served as manager of the Geophysics Department . Them group conducted geophysical R & D , including monitoring subsurface processes using microseismic monitoring . In 2003 , they were named Senior Manager for Nuclear Energy Safety Technologies , where they were responsible for five research and development groups , working on a range of topics including civilian nuclear power and the transportation of nuclear waste . This involved studies for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , where they assessed the vulnerabilities of nuclear power plants to terrorist attacks . Them group 's efforts were used during the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster . Starting in 2011 , they also served as Associate Director of the United States Department of Energy Center for Frontiers of Energy Security .
While Vice President for Sandia 's California Laboratory ( 2015-2017 ) , they were responsible for a 1300-person site in Livermore , CA that performed research and development in nuclear security and energy . They also led Sandia 's Energy and Climate program , which looked at renewable energy , transportation energy systems and the nuclear fuel cycle . They were Associate Director of CFSES , the Center for Frontiers of Subsurface Energy Security , a collaboration between the University of Texas at Austin and Sandia National Laboratories . In 2015 they were named a Vice President of Sandia National Laboratories .
Walck retired from Sandia National Laboratories in 2017 . They were announced as the Deputy Director for Science and Technology of the Idaho National Laboratory in 2018 . In this capacity , they lead research , science and technology . They are a Distinguished Expert for the California Council on Science and Technology. , and serves on a variety of advisory panels .
Personal life
Walck is married with two children . They are a violinist in their local community orchestra .
References
Hope College alumni
California Institute of Technology alumni
Idaho National Laboratory
Environmental scientists
Science policy
Sandia National Laboratories people
20th-century American scientists
20th-century American women scientists
21st-century American scientists
21st-century American women scientists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Entre Ríos , Mayupura is a small town in the Cochabamba Department of the South American Republic of Bolivia .
Location
Entre Ríos is the capital of the Entre Ríos Municipality , which was newly established in 2004 , the sixth municipal section of Carrasco Province .
The town is located at an elevation of in the central regions of Bolivia on the left bank of the Ichoa River , which downstream discharges into the Ichilo River .
Geography
Entre Ríos is situated in the Bolivian lowlands on the north-eastern foothills of the Cordillera Oriental . The region has an average temperature of 24 °C , the monthly averages range from 26 °C ( October to December ) to 20 °C ( June and July ) . The average yearly precipitation is higher than , with a wet season from November to February and a drier season with less than per month in July and August .
Regional traffic
Entre Ríos is located 265 km east of Cochabamba , the department 's capital .
The small town is passed by the long state road Ruta 4 , which goes from Tambo Quemado on the Chilenean border all through the country to Puerto Suárez on the Brazilian border . From Cochabamba to Entre Ríos the road passes Villa Tunari , Chimoré and Ivirgarzama , east of Entre Ríos the road leads to Warnes und Santa Cruz de la Sierra .
Population
The population of the place has increased rapidly over the past two decades :
1992 : 1,952 inhabitants ( census )
2001 : 3,796 inhabitants ( census )
2010 : 5,080 inhabitants ( updating )
Due to the historically developed population distribution , the region is predominantly inhabited by Quechuas , 76.6 percent of the population in the Entre Ríos Municipality speak the Quechua language .
References
External links
Map of Carrasco Province
Populated places in Cochabamba Department
Midway Mills is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States .
Midway , now called Midway Mills , was established on June 6 , 1774 , by Dr. William Cabell , ( born 1699 ) , and was the first European settlement in Nelson County . It was named Midway because it was midway between Richmond and Lynchburg along the James River . The area , at that time part of `` Old Albemarle County '' , was later divided into the counties of Albemarle , Amherst , Buckingham , Nelson , and Fluvanna between 1741 and 1809 .
Dr. William Cabell owned many slaves , which were inherited by their children and grandchildren . One great-grandchild , Nathaniel Francis Cabell , ( born 1807 ) documented a list of slaves in a diary , which is kept at the Special Collections Library at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville . Their list of slave families living at Edgewood , Warminster , Union Hill , and Liberty Hall includes the Nicholas , Diggs , Venable , Woodson , Mayo , Early , Tompkins , Beverly , Horsley , Tucker , Rose , and Rives families .
It was the site of Midway Mill , constructed in 1787 , by William H. Cabell and demolished in 1998 .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Carcaliu is a commune in Tulcea County , Northern Dobruja , Romania . It is composed of a single village , Carcaliu . At the 2011 census , 91 % of inhabitants were Lipovans and 8.9 % Romanians .
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
David Gommon ( 12 December 1913 – 20 January 1987 ) was a British painter born in Battersea , South London .
Early life and education
David Gommon was born on 12 December 1913 in Battersea in South London . Their father was a Londoner , a journeyman carpenter . At the age of 16 they were enrolled in Battersea Polytechnic and the Clapham School of Art . They were able to visit art galleries of the Netherlands to study the paintings of the great masters . They met art collector , Lucy Carrington Wertheim and , when they were 18-19 , they became their patron paying £2 a week for their work .
Career
It was through Lucy Wertheim that they held their first one-man show at their gallery in Burlington Gardens , and attracted positive critical attention . During this time they met many other patrons of the arts and they painted the young dancers Margot Fonteyn and Robert Helpmann at Saddlers Wells . They were part of the 20s group supported by Lucy Wertheim that included Christopher Wood , Barbara Hepworth , Roger Hilton , Robert Medley , Phelan Gibb , David Burton , Humphrey Slater and Victor Pasmore .
In their own work they gradually focussed on the essence of the English and Welsh landscapes . In 1938 they stopped painting altogether .
Teaching
Their first teaching job at Northampton Grammar School where they worked and taught pupils , including actor/artist Jonathan Adams , of whom they completed a portrait . While here they painted until they retired . They would often paint reproductions of famous paintings to illustrate their lessons ; the sets for the schools regular theatrical productions would be designed , painted and constructed in their art room .
In the 1960s they delivered WEA Lectures on Art for a number of years , in Northampton and the county . Their last commission , the two large murals at St. Crispin 's hospital , Northampton , arose from this conviction .
Personal life
During the Second World War their spinal curvature rendered them unfit for military service , they served in the London Auxiliary fire service . During the war they had met and married Jean Vipond . They died in 1987 .
Reviews
Art critic Ian Mayes summed up this aspect of their work in their review of their 1975 exhibition at St Catharine 's College , Cambridge .
“ I know of few artists whose work communicates such a sense of joy in life as that which comes from these beautifully quiet , very modest and English paintings , so accurate in their evocation of the changing moods and feeling of nature . The landscapes ( which together with the related paintings of enclosed gardens and cricket matches I consider to be their finest work ) show that in their use of colour and simplified shapes they have found a personal and eloquent language , perfectly suited to its purpose ; and an important part of that purpose is the expression of wonderment and delight in nature. “
Exhibitions
Their work forms part of the permanent collections at ;
Salford City Art Gallery ;
Whitworth Art Gallery ; Manchester , England ;
Northampton Art Gallery ;
The University of Leicester ;
Auckland Art Gallery , New Zealand ;
Queensland Art Gallery , Brisbane , Australia ;
Barbados City Art Gallery ;
The Chapel of Canberra Grammar School , Australia .
Exhibitions have also been shown at : -
Northampton Art Gallery ;
The House of Commons ;
The Herbert Gallery , Coventry ;
Kettering Art Gallery ;
Luton Museum and Art Gallery ;
Michael Jones Jewellers , Northampton ;
Burton-on -Trent Art Gallery ;
Gainsborough 's House , Sudbury ;
Stafford Art Gallery ;
South London Art Gallery-Camberwell ;
The Paris Salon 1979 ;
The Liverpool School of Architecture ;
The University Centre , Northampton ;
Vaughan College , Leicester ;
St Catherine 's College , Cambridge ;
The Fairfield Halls , Croydon ;
Durham City Art Gallery ;
The Angel Row Gallery , Nottingham ;
St Crispin Hospital Northampton-Creation Mural and Shopping Mural ;
St Saviours Parish Church , Oxton - Arts festival ;
The Williamson Art Gallery , Birkenhead .
Bibliography
Wertheim , Lucy ( 1947 ) Adventure In Art , Nicholson and Watson , London , P48 .
Hoskin , Sarah and Haggard , Liz ( 1999 ) Healing the Hospital Environment , Taylor Francis , P62-63 .
References
1987 deaths
1913 births
20th-century British painters
British male painters
Painters from London
20th-century British male artists
Adam Had Four Sons is a 1941 American romantic drama film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Ingrid Bergman , Warner Baxter , Susan Hayward , and Fay Wray ,
Plot
Adam Stoddard is a wealthy , easy-going family patriarch who falls on hard times after the death of their wife Molly and the stock market crash of 1907 that wipes out their wealth . Recently arrived governess Emilie works to keep the family together . But with the loss of Adam 's fortune , the boys are sent off to boarding school , their schooling paid for by wealthy , aged Cousin Phillipa . Emilie must return to France until Adam can afford to repurchase the family estate and recall them to look after it . Reversing their fortunes takes Adam several years . By then , the three older boys are fighting in World War I .
Just as the family is getting back to its former way of life , one son , David , returns with their new wife , Hester , who turns out be a conniving , evil woman wanting to rule the roost . Cousin Phillipa figures out the false Hester , dying before they can tell Adam . Hester schemes to rid the home of Emilie , and seduces another son , Jack , while their husband is away at war . Emilie discovers the affair , but keeps quiet to preserve Adam 's happiness and the brother 's reputation , pretending to Adam that they were the one involved with Jack . Later , when David returns , Hester inadvertently exclaims `` Oh , Jack '' while David is caressing them Realizing their infidelity , David leaves to commit suicide by flying a plane and crashing on a stormy night . Yet , they are hospitalized and survives . Ultimately , all is discovered , and Hester receives their comeuppance and is evicted from the home . Emilie and Adam become engaged , and all ends happily .
Cast
References
External links
1941 films
1940s historical drama films
1940s historical romance films
1941 romantic drama films
American black-and-white films
American historical drama films
American historical romance films
American romantic drama films
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Gregory Ratoff
Films based on American novels
Films set in the 1900s
Films set in the 1910s
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Jesús Hernández Tomás ( 1907 – 11 January 1971 ) was a Spanish communist leader . During the Spanish Civil War ( 1936–1939 ) they were Minister of Education and Fine Arts , then Minister of Education and Health . After the war they went into exile in Oran , Moscow and then Mexico . They were expelled from the party in 1944 for disloyalty to the leadership , and purged from the official history of the party after writing a book in 1953 critical of the Stalinist role in the Civil War .
Early years
Jesús Hernández Tomás was born in Murcia in 1907 .
They were one of the founders of the Communist Party in Biscay .
In 1922 they were part of the guard of Óscar Pérez Solís , Secretary General of the Spanish Communist Party ( Partido Comunista Español , PCE ) .
Hernández participated in the failed attack on the socialist Indalecio Prieto .
In 1927 they were a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Youth
Hernández was arrested in 1929 and released the next year .
Hernández went to the Soviet Union around the time the Second Spanish Republic was proclaimed in 1931 .
They studied at the Leninist School in Moscow .
In 1932 the Spanish Communist Party made a major change in direction when it abandoned the Comintern slogan `` Workers ' and Peasants ' Government '' and adopted `` Defense of the Republic '' .
Hernández Tomás was among the new leaders of the party who succeeded José Bullejos .
The others were José Díaz , Vicente Uribe , Antonio Mije and Juan Astigarrabía .
That year Hernández became a member of the PCE Politburo in charge of agitprop .
They returned to Spain in 1933 , and was made editor of the PCE journal Mundo Obrero ( Worker 's World ) .
Civil war
Hernández was elected Deputy for Cordoba in the 1936 elections .
After the outbreak of Spanish Civil War ( 1936–1939 ) , on 8 August 1936 they said clearly `` We can not talk today of the proletarian revolution in Spain , because the historical circumstances do not permit it . '' The Stalinists did indeed provide substantial support for the Giral and Caballero governments , including important military aid from the USSR .
President Francisco Largo Caballero appointed Hernández Minister of Education and Fine Arts on 4 September 1936 .
The Socialist Largo Caballero found themselves increasingly isolated , and by February 1937 was demanding that their ministers confirm their support for him , particularly the communist ministers Vicente Uribe and Jesús Hernández .
On 15 May 1937 Uribe and Hernández caused the collapse of Largo Caballero 's government .
The trigger was a disagreement in a cabinet meeting over the May Days violence in Barcelona , which the communists blamed on the Anarchist CNT and FAI and the POUM .
They demanded that the POUM be banned and its leaders arrested as `` fascists '' .
Largo Caballero refused to act , and most of the ministers walked out of the meeting .
On 17 May 1937 the new President Juan Negrín appointed Hernández Minister of Education and Health .
Hernández launched reforms that treated education as a social function .
The PCE campaign against the CNT continued .
On 2 August 1937 Hernández told reporters after a cabinet meeting `` the cabinet has been concerned with examining what measures needed to be taken ... in order to forestall and curtail with the utmost vigour any attempted distirubance or upset which certain extremist elements , who are the instruments of fascism , may seek to provoke . ''
Hernández conducted a campaign against Indalecio Prieto , the Minister of National Defense .
Prieto left office early in 1938 due to their efforts .
Hernández was replaced by Segundo Blanco in a cabinet reshuffle in April 1938 and was appointed political commissar in the South Central area .
When the Republican forces were defeated in the Battle of the Ebro ( July–November 1938 ) and General Francisco Franco 's troops reached the Mediterranean , Hernández stayed in Madrid with Pedro Checa , Luis Cabo Giorla , Isidoro Diéguez Dueñas and Antonio Mije while the main Communist leadership center was established in Barcelona .
Hernández later took virtual leadership of the party .
Hernández was forced to leave Madrid after the March 1939 coup d'état by Segismundo Casado .
Later career
After the fall of the Republican government in March 1939 Hernández went into exile in Oran , and then in Moscow .
They were elected to the Executive Committee of the Communist International .
They lost influence during the power struggle that followed the suicide of José Díaz in March 1942 .
In 1943 Joseph Stalin sent them to Mexico , and in 1944 they were expelled from the PCE for working against the party executive .
In 1953 Hernández published memoirs of the Civil War under the title Yo fui ministro de Stalin ( I Was Stalin 's Minister ) .
The French translation was published as La Grande trahison ( The Great Betrayal ) .
The book revealed how Andrés Nin had been tortured and then killed , the Procès de Moscou tribunal and other aspects of Stalinist interference .
PCE loyalists called Hernández a `` bon vivant '' , `` womanizer '' , `` degenerate '' and other derogatory terms .
In 1953 Hernández founded the short-lived Independent Communist Party , based in Bucharest .
The party was pro-Yugoslav .
After it dissolved they left politics and returned to Mexico where they lived until their death in 1971 .
They were omitted from the official PCE history published in Paris in 1960 .
In their memoirs Dolores Ibárruri referred to them as `` the other communist minister '' , but would not name him .
Publications
Notes
Sources
External links
1907 births
1971 deaths
Spanish communists
Members of the Congress of Deputies of the Second Spanish Republic
Government ministers during the Second Spanish Republic
Karakaya may refer to :
Places
Dzoravank , Armenia
Gharaghaya , Armenia
Karakaya Dam , a dam on the Euphrates River in Diyarbakır Province , Turkey
Karakaya , Altıeylül , a village
Karakaya , Araç , a village in Araç District of Kastamonu Province , Turkey
Karakaya , Bayat
Karakaya , Çal
Karakaya , Çermik
Karakaya , Çüngüş
Karakaya , Dursunbey , a village
Karakaya , Gümüşhacıköy , a village in Gümüşhacıköy district of Amasya Province , Turkey
Karakaya , İliç
Karakaya , İspir
Karakaya , İscehisar , a village in İscehisar district of Afyonkarahisar Province , Turkey
Karakaya , Karayazı
Karakaya , Manavgat , a village in Manavgat district of Antalya Province , Turkey
Karakaya , Mengen , a village Mengen district of Bolu Province , Turkey
Karakaya , Polatlı , a village in Polatlı district of Ankara Province , Turkey
Karakaya , Silifke , a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province , Turkey
Karakaya , Söke , a village in Söke district of Aydın Province , Turkey
Karakaya , Sungurlu
Karakaya , Üzümlü
Karakaya ( Skalisty Range )
Qaraqaya , Ismailli , Azerbaijan
Qaraqaya , Yardymli , Azerbaijan
Other uses
Karakaya ( surname )
Robert Francis Hoy ( April 3 , 1927 – February 8 , 2010 ) , was an American actor , stuntman and director .
Life and career
Hoy was born and raised in New York . They joined the Marines and served in World War II .
Bobby Hoy 's career spanned 55 years as first a stuntman , then an actor and director . They doubled for stars such as Tony Curtis , Charles Bronson , Audie Murphy , Tyrone Power , David Janssen , Telly Savalas and Jay Silverheels .
They appeared in more than 67 films included Bite the Bullet , The Outlaw Josey Wales , The Legend of the Lone Ranger , The Gambler II , Nevada Smith , Bronco Billy , The Enforcer and The Great Race .
On television , Hoy acted in more than 75 TV programs including The High Chaparral , where they portrayed Joe Butler from 1967 to 1971 . Other credits include Combat ! , Bat Masterson , Wanted : Dead or Alive , Walker : Texas Ranger , JAG , Dallas ( recurring role ) , The Wild Wild West , Wonder Woman ( 2 episodes ) , Magnum , P.I . ( 5 episodes ) , The Young Riders and Zorro .
In 1961 , they became a co-founding member of The Stuntman 's Association of Motion Pictures .
Director and lifelong friend Raymond Austin put Hoy behind the camera as second unit director and stunt coordinator in Spain for the TV series Zorro and on the pilot of The Three Musketeers .
Honors
On January 28 , 2010 , Hoy was honored with a Golden Boot by the Motion Picture & Television Fund , commemorating their contribution to the genre of Western television and movies in all three award categories : acting , stunt work and directing . It was presented to them in the penthouse suite of Northridge Hospital , the first time a Golden Boot has ever been given to an honoree in the hospital .
Death
Bobby Hoy died on February 8 , 2010 at Northridge Hospital after a six-month battle with cancer .
Filmography
Ambush ( 1950 ) - Trooper ( uncredited )
The Lawless Breed ( 1953 ) - Gyp ( uncredited )
The Man from the Alamo ( 1953 ) - Soldier ( uncredited )
Border River ( 1954 ) - Sgt . Johnson ( uncredited )
Taza , Son of Cochise ( 1954 ) - Lobo
The Black Shield of Falworth ( 1954 ) - First Guard ( uncredited )
A Star Is Born ( 1954 ) - Soundman ( uncredited )
Four Guns to the Border ( 1954 ) - Smitty
Bengal Brigade ( 1954 ) - Lancer ( uncredited )
The Silver Chalice ( 1954 ) - Rioter ( uncredited )
The Long Gray Line ( 1955 ) - Cadet Kennedy ( uncredited )
Revenge of the Creature ( 1955 ) - Charlie ( uncredited )
One Desire ( 1955 ) - Fireman ( uncredited )
Francis in the Navy ( 1955 ) - Creavy ( uncredited )
To Hell and Back ( 1955 ) - Jennings ( uncredited )
Kiss of Fire ( 1955 ) - Soldier ( uncredited )
Raw Edge ( 1956 ) - Five Crows ( uncredited )
Away All Boats ( 1956 ) - Seaman ( uncredited )
The Mole People ( 1956 ) - Mole Person ( uncredited )
Four Girls in Town ( 1957 ) - Indian ( uncredited )
Gun for a Coward ( 1957 ) - Danny
Tammy and the Bachelor ( 1957 ) - Boy ( uncredited )
Man of a Thousand Faces ( 1957 ) - Assistant Director in Bullpen ( uncredited )
Lafayette Escadrille ( 1958 ) - Minor Role ( uncredited )
Live Fast , Die Young ( 1958 ) - Bit Role ( uncredited )
No Time for Sergeants ( 1958 ) - Minor Role ( uncredited )
Twilight for the Gods ( 1958 ) - Keim
The Young Land ( 1959 ) - Cowboy ( uncredited )
The Big Fisherman ( 1959 ) - Minor Role ( uncredited )
Operation Petticoat ( 1959 ) - Reiner
Spartacus ( 1960 ) - Soldier ( uncredited )
Harlow ( 1965 ) - Tim - Unit Manager ( uncredited )
Tickle Me ( 1965 ) - Henry - Gardener ( uncredited )
The Slender Thread ( 1965 ) - Patrolman Steve Peters
Nevada Smith ( 1966 ) - Tanner / Poker Player ( uncredited )
Assault on a Queen ( 1966 ) - Coast Guard Officer ( uncredited )
Tobruk ( 1967 ) - British Corporal
5 Card Stud ( 1968 ) - Deputy Marshal Otis ( uncredited )
The Love Bug ( 1968 ) - Driver # 19
Rogue 's Gallery ( 1968 ) - Collins
Scream Blacula Scream ( 1973 ) - Cop # 2
The Don Is Dead ( 1973 ) - Hood ( uncredited )
Toke ( 1973 )
Bank Shot ( 1974 ) - Bank Guard ( uncredited )
Bite the Bullet ( 1975 ) - Lee Christie
The Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox ( 1976 ) - Ingersoll ( Bloodworth gang member )
The Outlaw Josey Wales ( 1976 ) - Second Texas Ranger
The Enforcer ( 1976 ) - Buchinski
The Astral Factor ( 1978 ) - Harris
Bronco Billy ( 1980 ) - Cowboy at Bar # 2
The Legend of the Lone Ranger ( 1981 ) - Perlmutter ( Cavendish 's lieutenant )
They Call Me Bruce ? ( 1982 ) - N.Y. Bodyguard # 1
Jimmy the Kid ( 1982 ) - 1st Trooper
Choke Canyon ( 1986 ) - Buck
A Fine Mess ( 1986 ) - Detective Levine
Deadly Stranger ( 1988 ) - Sheriff Shepperd
Big Chuck , Little Chuck ( 2004 ) - Robert Hoy
References
External links
1927 births
2010 deaths
Deaths from cancer in California
American male actors
American stunt performers
Gautami Tadimalla is an Indian actor , costume designer , and producer who works mainly in Tamil , Telugu . They have acted in Tamil , Telugu , Malayalam , Kannada , and Hindi movies . They are an acclaimed costume designer and won the 2008 Vijay Award for Best Costume Designer for their work on the Tamil movie Dasavatharam .
Films
Television
TV serials
Chinna Chinna Aasai
Indira ( Sun TV ) as Indira ; 2002–2004
Abirami ( Kalaignar TV ) as Abhirami/Saranya/Nandha ; 2010
Reality shows as Judge
Ugram Ujjawalam ( Mazhavil Manorama )
Dance Jodi Dance ( Zee Tamil )
Dance Jodi Dance ( season 2 ) ( Zee Tamil )
Other shows as Guest
Badai Bungalow ( Asianet )
Onnum Onnum Moonu ( Mazhavil Manorama )
Laughing Villa ( Surya TV )
Alitho Saradaga ( ETV )
Online show
Anbudan Gautami Season 1 & 2 as Host and Season 3 ( 2021-Ongoing )
References
Indian filmographies
The Melbourne Harlequins Rugby Union Club is an Australian rugby union team formed in 1928 . Originally membership was restricted to people born in Britain , but this restriction was removed by the 1950s . Although Rugby is the main sport , the club still plays friendly cricket , golf and darts . One of Melbourne 's largest and oldest clubs , Quins promote the ethos of running with the ball in hand . The club has teams in all Junior age groups ( U6 to U18 ) , youth girls 7s ( U11 and U15 ) and six Senior teams including a women 's team . 1st Grade have been `` Dewar Shield '' Premiers 5 times in the last 10 seasons ( 2013 , 2014 , 2015 , 2017 and 2022 ) and the Colts U20 have been Premiers 5 times this decade including an undefeated Premiership season in 2019 . The club claimed their 5th consecutive Cowper Shield Club Championship in 2021 as the best overall performing club in Victoria across Seniors and Juniors .
Boasting Melbourne 's best rugby facilities , the club 's main field in 2019 underwent a $ 1 million upgrade to create a premium national standard playing surface coupled with a full replay electronic scoreboard being installed and regularly hosts Melbourne Rebels , Melbourne Rising and Rugby Victoria representative teams games and training .
Club colours
According to the constitution the club colours are Black , Maroon , Sage Green and Pale Blue . These have been further defined very specifically by the club as being :
References
Rugby union teams in Victoria ( Australia )
Rugby clubs established in 1928
Sporting clubs in Melbourne
Bernd Erich Gall ( born August 2 , 1956 ) is a German painter and conceptual artist .
In the early 1980s they were a representative of the `` Neue Wilde '' , a group of German artists . In the 1990s it came to a stylistic imposition . The crude , strong , expressive figuration was replaced by a compositional color abstraction . Clear , strong color fields generated the basic formula of Gall 's paintings and built a distance to symbolize their art work . Objects and installations enlarged their artistic spectrum .
Current art work
Bernd Erich Gall lives and works in Karlsruhe , Germany . Their large sized actual works are geometrical `` color field paintings '' ( oil on canvas ) . Gall 's conceptual modus operandi comes to the fore by their objects , installations , new media and video art .
Bibliography
Catalog
Gall , Bernd Erich : Town House Motel . Catalog , 62 p. , 2018 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : They came here to seek shelter from biting winter winds . Catalog , Objects , 62 p. , 2015 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : Tagebuch eines Idioten . Catalog , 72 p. , 2013 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : Empty Rooms . Catalog , 62 p. , 2013 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : Wand . Catalog , 50 p. , 2012 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : Playground . Catalog , 46 p. , KA 2005 .
Zuehlke , Susanne ; De Temple , Christoph ; Gall , Bernd Erich : Synergetisch . Catalog , 26 p. , Karlsruhe 2001 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : The End Of The Iron Age . Catalog , 40 p. , LA 2000 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : Take Roses . Catalog , 40 p. , LA 1997 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : WO-MEN II . Catalog , 42 p. , LA 1995 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : wo-man . Catalog , 34 p. , LA 1993 .
Art-magazine
der infant , journal of contemporary art .
97/1 : Take Roses · They said it made the job more dangerous .
98/1 : 8 till late shop · TV-Welten als Surrogat konsumtiver Daseins/Datenverluste .
99/1 : Assiduity In The Bee-House .
99/2 : Okzidentierung · Die Sonnenuntergangsrichtung als Lebensform ( Dietmar Kamper ) .
01/1 : Discovery Channel · Click Here To Disappear Completely .
Essay
Gall , Bernd Erich : Discovery Channel - Click Here To Disappear Completely . Essay , dada-schriftenreihe , 12 p. , 2001 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : Zur Dialektik meiner Leinwandarbeiten . Katalog Take Roses , LA 1998 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : 8 Till Late Shop · How to come into being . Der Infant 98/1 , dada-Schriftenreihe , Pforzheim 1998 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : Take Roses . Der Infant 97/1 , Pforzheim 1997 .
Wesner , Rudolf : Wahrhaftigkeit des Spontanen - Zu den Leinwandarbeiten Bernd Erich Galls . Der Infant 97/1 , Pforzheim 1997 .
Littmann , Franz : Entrückung - Das Fremde oder vom Scheitern der Vernunft . Catalog WO-MEN II , LA 1995 .
Rein , Ulrike : Frauenbilder - Eine kunstgeschichtliche Erinnerung . Catalog WO-MEN II , LA 1995 .
Wellhöner , Frank : Basic Instinct - Von der archetypischen Befindlichkeit im künstlerischen Kosmos . Catalog WO-MEN II , LA 1995 .
Gall , Bernd Erich : Flimmernde Sequenzen . Catalog WO-MEN II , LA 1995 .
Other
beg56 : tripdown . Audio-CD , 10 paintings , OJ 101010 , 2010 .
beg56 : funkyjob . Audio-CD , 9 paintings , OJ 070131 , 2007 .
beg56 : homeless . Audio-CD , 9 paintings 4 homeless , OJ 050912 , 2004 .
Paintings
Objects
See also
List of German painters
External links
Homepage Bernd Erich Gall
Catalog · Paintings Und , 2019
Catalog · Photography The Club , 2018
Catalog · Photography Town House Motel , 2018
Catalog · Objects They came here to seek shelter from biting winter winds , 2015
Catalog · Photography Empty Rooms , 2013
Catalog · Drawing Tagebuch eines Idioten , 2013
Catalog · Painting Wand , 2012
Catalog · Painting Playground , 2005
Journal der infant , 2001
Catalog · Painting The End Of The Iron Age , 2000
Journal der infant , 1999
Journal der infant , 1998
Deutsche Nationalbibliothek Bernd Erich Gall
1956 births
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
21st-century German painters
21st-century German male artists
Artists from Karlsruhe
German contemporary artists
Postmodern artists
Living people
Kenneth Charles Easton ( 1924–8 February 2001 ) was doctor who worked as a General Practitioner in Catterick . They are known for their work in organising immediate care schemes , increasing the provision of specialist medical help at the scene of accidents .
Education
Easton studied at the Westminster Hospital Medical School .
Career
In 1967 , Easton set up a Road Accident After Care Scheme ( RAACS ) in North Riding , Yorkshire . They published some recommendations . This was an important innovation that helped provide a model for immediate care schemes that emerged in the United Kingdom . They were a key figure in establishing the British Association of Immediate Care Schemes in June 1977 . They were the first chairperson of the organisation .
Personal life
On 8 February 2001 , Easton died .
Awards and honours
Easton was made a member of the Order of Saint John in June 1970 .
In 1972 , the President of the Royal College of General Practitioners ( RCGP ) presented them with a Foundation Council award , which is given for special meritorious work in connection with the College .
In the 1974 New Year Honours , they were made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) .
References
1924 births
2001 deaths
Alumni of Westminster Hospital Medical School
20th-century British medical doctors
British general practitioners
Fellows of the Royal College of General Practitioners
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Officers of the Order of St John
Discipline is any training intended to produce a specific character or pattern of behaviour .
Discipline may also refer to :
General
Discipline ( academia ) , a specific branch of knowledge , learning and practice , such as an academic or professional discipline
Discipline ( BDSM ) , an element of BDSM
Disciplinary procedures , censure under rules of assembly
Punishment , an imposition of something negative on a person or animal in response to behavior deemed wrong
Christianity
Book of Discipline ( disambiguation ) , a text containing canon law , doctrine and rituals in a Christian denomination , particularly those in the Methodist tradition
Church discipline , a response of an ecclesiastical body to an offence against its standards of belief or conduct committed by a member of that body
Discipline ( mortification ) , a type of scourge used in the Christian spiritual discipline known as the mortification of the flesh
Music
Discipline ( band ) , an independent rock band from Detroit
The Disciplines , a Norwegian garage-rock band
Discipline , the name of a mid-1981 line-up of King Crimson
Discipline GM , an independent record label founded by Robert Fripp
Albums
Discipline ( Cadaver Inc. album )
Discipline ( Desmond Child album )
Discipline ( Janet Jackson album )
Discipline ( King Crimson album )
Discipline ( Kompressor album )
Songs
`` Discipline '' ( instrumental ) , by King Crimson
`` Discipline '' ( Nine-Inch Nails song )
`` Discipline '' ( Throbbing Gristle song )
`` Discipline '' , a song by Cadaver Inc. from their album of the same name
`` Discipline '' , a song by Desmond Child from their album of the same name
`` Discipline '' , a song by Gang Starr from Full Clip : A Decade of Gang Starr
`` Discipline '' , a song by Janet Jackson from their album of the same name
`` Discipline '' , a song by Orelsan from La fête est finie - Épilogue
Other media
Discipline ( novel ) , by Mary Brunton
See also
Disciple ( disambiguation )
List of academic disciplines
Self control , an ability to control one 's emotions , behavior and desires in order to obtain some reward later
Badumiyeh ( , also Romanized as Bādūmīyeh ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 16 , in 7 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
John Wills ( 1846 - 20 June 1906 ) was an architect based in Derby .
Personal life
They lived at Dodbrook , 136 Whitaker Road , Derby , a house they designed himself .
For many years they were president of the Derby and Derbyshire Band of Hope Union , and treasurer of the South Derbyshire Liberal Association . They were also a councillor on Derby Town Council for the Becket Ward in the 1880s . They were a trustee of Green-hill Chapel in Derby .
They died in Salcombe , Devon on 20 June 1906 .
Career
They formed a partnership with their sons William Francis Wills ( b . 1877 ) and John Ross Wills ( b . 1882 ) . Their practice was based at Victoria Street Chambers in Derby . They were responsible for building many non-conformist chapels in the Midlands and in the southeastern counties of Sussex , Middlesex , Essex and Kent . They have been called the `` pre-eminent architect '' of Baptist chapels in Kent , where their designs ranged from expensive , large chapels in towns to small wayside chapels in rural areas . Their Baptist church at Holland Road in Hove has been called one of the most important Nonconformist chapels of the Victorian era in Sussex .
They were the author of Hints to Trustees of Chapel Property and Chapel Keepers ' Manual which was in its 3rd edition by 1884 .
Buildings
References
Bibliography
19th-century English architects
Councillors in Derbyshire
1846 births
1906 deaths
Architects from Derby
Măgura is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of two villages , Guruieni and Măgura .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Gazdan ( , also Romanized as Gazdān ; also known as Gazdūn ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 38 , in 5 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Tamask or Tamesk ( ) may refer to :
Tamesk , Amol
Tamask , Dabudasht , Amol County
Denny Fercho ( born October 28 , 1969 ) is an American handball player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
American male handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
People from Ventura , California
Neopelma is a genus of bird in the family Pipridae .
Etymology
Neopelma : neos “ new , different ” ; πελμα pelma , πελματος pelmatos “ sole of the foot ” .
Species
It contains the following species :
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tangent is a hamlet in northern Alberta , Canada within Birch Hills County , located along Alberta Highway 740 , approximately northeast of Grande Prairie . It was named by surveyors due to the formation of a tangent ( straight-section ) in the rail track that ran from Edmonton to Dawson Creek .
History
On June 18 , 1928 , John Yaremko chose to settle at the current location of the hamlet , later joined by Albert Purcha and their family . The spring of 1929 brought a large group of settlers under the recruitment of Father Josephat Hamelin . In May , a general store was built , and a post office erected in the winter of that same year . Natural gas was discovered in the 1950s , opening up a new industry alongside agriculture and animal husbandry .
Today , Tangent is an agricultural community made up of mostly Franco-Albertans descended from the settlers that followed Father Hamelin , Eastern European Canadians , and Anglo-Canadians .
Demographics
Tangent recorded a population of 39 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada .
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Birch Hills County
Hamlets in Alberta
Pandemis fulvastra is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in China ( Shanxi ) .
References
Moths described in 1994
Pandemis
Flinders Island is an island in the Investigator Group off the coast of South Australia approximately west of mainland town Elliston . It was named by Matthew Flinders after their younger brother Samuel Flinders , the second lieutenant on in 1802 .
It is part of the Investigator Islands Important Bird Area and has a colony of little penguins , but has suffered from the feral cats , black rats and mice , which threaten the bird life . The island is privately owned and was used mostly for farming since 1911 , although that tailed off as transport costs rose . In 2020 the owners signed an agreement with the Government of South Australia which places a conservation agreement over , which is most of the island .
The island has been subject to diamond exploration following the discovery of a wide range of kimberlite indicator minerals there , which was continuing .
History
European discovery and use
Flinders named the island after their younger brother Samuel , who was the sloop 's second lieutenant , on 13 February 1802 . Flinders ' expedition described some aspects of the island 's flora and fauna . Lower land was covered with large bushes , unlike islands previously passed further north . There was very little of the white , velvety grass striplex or tufted wiry grass previously seen . A small macropod species was described as `` numerous '' and specimens were shot . There were a few small casuarinas growing on the island but firewood was scarce . The beaches were frequented by Australian sea lions , of which several family groups were closely inspected .
A sealing camp was in place on the south-east side of the island by the 1820s . There was also a whaling station . The sealers , their Aboriginal wives and children numbered up to twenty people at one stage . A pastoral survey of the site in 1890 identified ten separate structures associated with the sealing community , and archaeological examination of the structures took place in the 1980s . The Flinders Island Whaling and Sealing Site is listed on the South Australian Heritage Register .
Some time prior to 1911 , sheep , horses , cattle , milk thistles and oats were introduced to Flinders Island , presumably by Willie Schlink and their family . At this time of the island had been cleared and was producing 1,400 to 2,000 bags of wheat annually . 4,000 sheep were kept and black and white rabbits ran wild on the island . By the time of the island 's sale in 1911 , 30,000 wallabies had been killed there . The island continued to be used mostly for farming , although that tailed off as transport costs rose . In the late 1970s , the island was bought by the Woolford family , who ran it as a sheep station for merinos . By 2020 , there were only a few sheep and the island was used mainly for tourism ( via house rental ) and recreation .
Conservation
Flinders Island is one of the islands included in the Investigator Islands Important Bird Area identified by BirdLife International , a non-statutory status , awarded in 2009 because of the island group 's population of fairy tern ( a vulnerable species ) , as well as significant populations of Cape Barren geese , Pacific gull and black-faced cormorant . Other birds for which the IBA is significant include large numbers of breeding short-tailed shearwaters and white-faced storm-petrels . The biome-restricted rock parrot has been recorded from most islands in the group .
An account of Flinders Island 's wildlife published in 1934 stated that penguins could `` be seen waddling soldier-like among the rocks and cave entrances that constitute their homes '' . In 2006 there was an colony of little penguins believed to be `` probably declining '' , with an estimated population of fewer than twenty birds , nesting at the base of some cliffs where feral cats have limited access . A risk assessment for the penguins commissioned by Department for Environment & Natural Resources in 2016 report based their recommendations on the 2006 estimate . It reported that the feral cats were responsible for the probable decline , but if they were eliminated , the rat population would grow , so both would need to be removed .
A strip of land along the north coast of the island extending west from the island 's most northerly headland , Point Malcolm , has been the subject of the subject of a heritage agreement as a protected area since 29 August 1995 . The parcel of land which is identified as No . HA1003 is sized at . Since 2012 , the waters adjoining the Flinders Island have been part of a habitat protection zone in the Investigator Marine Park .
In 2020 the owners signed an agreement with the Government of South Australia which places a conservation agreement over , which is most of the island . The feral cats , black rats and mice , which threaten the bird life , need to be eradicated , and threatened animals will be introduced . The three-year Flinders Island Safe Haven Project received through the Federal Government 's Environment Restoration Fund , and from the Government of South Australia to co-manage the establishment of the project with the Woolford family .
Mining exploration
The island has been subject to diamond exploration following the discovery of a wide range of kimberlite indicator minerals there , which was continuing .
Citations and references
Citations
References
Islands of South Australia
Great Australian Bight
Seal hunting
Whaling in Australia
Wildlife conservation
Private islands of Australia
Scolecitrichidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida .
Genera
Genera :
Amallothrix Sars , 1925
Archescolecithrix Vyshkvartzeva , 1989
Bertalda
References
Copepods
Vladislav Kormtshikov ( ; Vladislav Kormshchikov , born 1967 ) is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion . They received a gold medal in the long distance at the 2000 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Krasnoyarsk .
References
1967 births
Living people
Russian orienteers
Male orienteers
Ski-orienteers
Jodie Dry ( born 20 January 1974 ) is an Australian actor .
Career
They are mostly known for their roles as Nicole Brown ( a former model and Joe Hill 's one time girlfriend ) in White Collar Blue and Biddy Marchant ( replacing Sophie Heathcote ) in ABC 's Grassroots . They had a major role on the 2001 Network 10 ( 13 episode ) television series , Sit Down , Shut Up . Other television shows where Dry has had roles include [ [ All Saints ( TV series ) |All Saints ] ] , Farscape , Stingers and Wildside .
In 2002 , Jodie played Sally Diver in a telemovie titled Heroes Mountain . Heroes Mountain '' was based on the Thredbo disaster and also starred Craig McLachlan as Stuart Diver .
Jodie Dry graduated from the National Institute of Dramatic Art in Australia .
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Australian television actores
21st-century Australian actores
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The Shepparton Fruit Loop Ride is non-competitive charitable cycle ride held in the area around Shepparton , Victoria , Australia . Money raised helps finance the efforts of the Goulburn Valley Hospice . The ride is so named due to the large amount of stone fruit grown in the Goulburn Valley and Shepparton region .
The 2006 event consisted of three options and raised $ 42,000 for the hospice :
route with hills
route
route
See also
Cycling in Victoria
References
External links
Cycling in Victoria ( Australia )
Cycling events in Victoria
Shepparton
Den Junlaphan ( ; born December 4 , 1978 ) , better known as Eagle Kyowa , is a Thai former professional boxer who competed from 2000 to 2007 . They held the WBC strawweight title twice between 2004 and 2007 .
Biography
Eagle Den Janlaphan was born as the eight of nine children in Phichit , Thailand . They entered Thammasat University at the age of 16 , and began boxing , making their amateur debut in 1995 . They turned pro , and made their professional debut in January , 2000 , in Bangkok , Thailand . They transferred to the Kadoebi Houseki Gym in Tokyo , Japan , and made their Japanese debut in August , 2001 as `` Eagle Okuda '' , winning by first-round knockout . They won the WBC Minimumweight title in January , 2004 , beating Jose Antonio Aguirre by decision . They made their first defense in May of the same year , but lost their second defense in December , 2004 against Isaac Bustos . The fight was stopped in the 4th round due to a shoulder injury by Kyowa . They made their return in August , 2005 , against Katsunari Takayama , who had beaten Bustos to win the WBC Minimumweight title . Kyowa won by decision , regaining their title .
On January 9 , 2006 , they defeated Ken Nakajima ( 14-2-0 ) by 7th round tko . On May 6 , 2006 , they defeated future light flyweight champion Rodel Mayol ( 22-0 ) by a 12-round unanimous decision . In their next bout , they almost lost their title to journeyman Lorenzo Trejo in November , 2006 . Kyowa dropped Trejo in the 3rd round , but was knocked down twice in the 6th . All three judges awarded Kyowa the decision by one point , and Kyowa won a close third title defense ( fourth total ) .
They met Akira Yaegashi , the WBC 's 6th ranked contender , on June 4 , 2007 in Yokohama , Japan , for their fourth defense ( fifth total ) . Kyowa dominated the young challenger from the first round to make their fourth straight defense by unanimous decision . They lost a point for an accidental head-butt in the 2nd round , but knocked down Yaegashi in the 10th round to secure their victory . All three judges awarded them the win by over ten points . This fight also utilized the open scoring approved by the World Boxing Council . Every four rounds , they would announce the official scoring of the fight . The Japan Boxing Commission is one of the few organizations that has used the WBC 's open scoring feature thus far .
On November 29 , 2007 , Kyowa lost their title to fellow Thai boxer Oleydong Sithsamerchai ( 24-0-0 ) by unanimous decision .
See also
List of WBC world champions
List of Japanese boxing world champions
Boxing in Japan
Notes
They have a Japanese wife , whom they married in Thailand in 2000 . They have two children , born in 2003 and 2004 . Their wife is a former kickboxer .
They have changed their ring name several times , making their amateur and professional debut with different ring names , and making their Japanese debut as `` Eagle Okuda '' ( イーグル奥田 ) . They changed their ring name to `` Eagle Akakura '' ( イーグル赤倉 ) after their sponsor in 2003 , and finally to `` Eagle Kyowa , '' after the Kyowa buildings company became their sponsor . However , Kyowa went out of business after being investigated over a yakuza connection , forcing Kyowa to change their ring name again to their birth name , Den Janlaphan .
They decided they wanted to become a boxer after seeing legendary Thai fighter Khaosai Galaxy on TV .
During their childhood , they did not have any money to pay for a ferry ride , and swam across a river to get to school .
They have challenged Japanese boxer Koki Kameda several times , but Kameda 's management has never acknowledged Kyowa 's calls , and it is unlikely that the two will ever fight .
Professional boxing record
External links
1978 births
Japanese male boxers
Living people
World Boxing Council champions
Mini-flyweight boxers
World mini-flyweight boxing champions
Eagle Kyowa
Eagle Kyowa
Thai expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Timon kurdistanicus , the Kurdistan lizard , is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae . It is found in north west Iran , north east Iraq , and south eastern Turkey .
References
Timon ( genus )
Reptiles described in 1936
Taxa named by G.F. Suchow
This article lists some of the longest words in the French language .
As in many languages , Chemical nomenclature may be used to construct indefinitely long chemical names ( if referring to fictional molecules ) , and therefore is not on this list . The chemical name of titin could be translated , and therefore would be the longest technical word in the French language .
The longest word listed below , hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobie ( 36 letters ) is the fear ( or phobia ) of long words . The word is formed from the Latin word sesquipedalia ( singular sesquipedalis ) , which the Ancient Roman poet Horace used in Ars Poetica to describe excessively long words ; literally , it means `` a foot-and-a-half long '' .
Like the other phobias in the list , can be pluralised by adding the letter s to the end . The adjective interdépartemental ( 18 letters ) , which also appears in the list , can be made longer by appending the letters es , which gives its plural , grammatically gendered form .
Long words
See also
Longest words
Longest word in English
Longest word in Romanian
Longest word in Spanish
Longest word in Turkish
Notes
References
French words and phrases
Word in French
French
Damien Raemy ( born 6 April 1994 ) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Switzerland . They currently race in the IDM Supersport 600 Championship aboard a Yamaha R6 .
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
www.damien-raemy.com
1994 births
Swiss motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from the canton of Fribourg
The Thula Baba Box is a South African prototype product that is inspired by a Maternity Package created in Finland . Although Finland once had high infant mortality rates 50+ years ago , Finland now has one of the lowest infant mortality rates in the world . The Thula Baba Box is inspired by this trend and aims to promote infant health and wellbeing in South Africa .
History
The Thula Baba Box project was initiated by Stellenbosch parents Ernst Hertzog and Frans De Villiers . They came up with the idea to develop a Maternity package , similar to the kit granted by the Finnish social security , and to introduce it into the newly proposed national health insurance system of South Africa by 2020 .
Package
The box contains baby products , information brochures on babies , baby clothes , washing items , basic medicine , toys , and other items .
The box further doubles up as a cot the newborn baby can sleep in . It is aimed at providing a safe sleeping environment for the baby . It has been shown that providing the infant with his/her own bed , instead of sleeping with the parent , helps reduce the risk of death due to suffocation or falling in between the mattress and the headboard .
African relevance
Many African women and their newborns do not have access to health care during the early postnatal period , putting them at an increased risk of illness and death . Each year , 310,000 fewer newborns would die in Africa and many maternal deaths could be preventable if coverage of postnatal care reached 90 percent of women and babies . With the Thula Baba Box adapted to the South African context it can serve as solid basis for other African nations to re-invent their own versions .
South African health targets
South African health targets for 2014 include :
Reducing child mortalities to less than 20 deaths per 1,000 live births
To decrease the maternal mortality ratio ( MMR ) to 100 or less per 100 000 live births
The Thula Baba Box has the potential to aid the Health Care system achieving these targets in the future .
Baby Boxes in popular culture
In 2015 , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , William and Kate , were given a Baby Box by the Finnish government in celebration of the birth of their second born child , Baby Charlotte .
Future
A study into the potential social benefits of rolling out the Thula Baba Box is currently underway in the Western Cape , South Africa . The study , which is funded by the private sector and taken on board by the Department of Economics at the University of Stellenbosch , aims to assess the effects on maternal and infant health . The study focuses on mainly the lower-income families of the Western Cape . Detailed design work are expected to proceed once study work has been concluded . It is expected that the Thula Baba Box will be introduced to new mothers at state funded clinics and hospitals in the Western Cape within the next three to five years .
References
Babycare
Edward Worth may refer to :
Edward Worth ( politician ) , Irish politician , physician and book collector
Edward Worth ( bishop ) , Church of Ireland bishop of Killaloe
UJ3RK5 ( sometimes written as U-J3RK5 , and pronounced `` you jerk '' — the five is silent ) was a Vancouver-based band from the late 1970s . Their style was post-punk/new wave , but was more art rock than synth pop .
History
UJ3RK5 was formed by Vancouver visual artists Ian Wallace , Jeff Wall and Rodney Graham in addition to Kitty Byrne , Colin Griffiths , Danice McLeod , Frank Ramirez and CBC Radio host David Wisdom . Their self-titled debut EP included `` Eisenhower and the Hippies , '' a song inspired by a work of American conceptual art proponent Dan Graham . The EP was originally released by the independent label Quintessence Records , with a second pressing on Polygram of Canada .
After a short time , the members disbanded , returning to concentrate on their art careers . However , their music continued to be played and recorded . The Oh Canaduh ! compilation albums featured two covers of UJ3RK5 . `` Eisenhower and the Hippies '' was covered by Man or Astro-man ? and `` Locator '' by Servotron . The songs `` U-J3RK5 Work for Police '' and `` Naum Gabo '' were included on the 1979 compilation album Vancouver Complication , which was re-released in 2004 on CD with extra songs by Sudden Death Records , and then in 2007 as a 2LP set with even more extra songs by the Italian label Rockin ' Bones .
In December 2016 , Primary Information ( co-publishing with Emily Carr University Press ) released Live from the Commodore Ballroom , a 2LP set limited to 600 copies . It consists of a soundboard recording of their complete opening set for Gang of Four on May 26 , 1980 , includes seven previously unreleased songs as well as performances of the four songs from the EP and `` Naum Gabo , '' and is now out of print .
UJ3RK5 was featured in the 2010 documentary film Bloodied but Unbowed , directed by Susanne Tabata .
References
Musical groups from Vancouver
Canadian new wave musical groups
Musical groups established in 1979
Musical groups disestablished in 1981
1979 establishments in British Columbia
1981 disestablishments in British Columbia
The saffron-crested tyrant-manakin ( Neopelma chrysocephalum ) , or saffron-crested neopelma , is a species of bird in the family Pipridae , the manakins .
Description
It 's a small short-tailed manakin , with a light yellowish breast ; it has an overall appearance very similar to a flycatcher , and is named for the color of its saffron yellow crest .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in the Guianas , southern Venezuela and the northwestern Amazon Basin . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland .
The range in northern South America is the coastal Guianan region extending into coastal northeastern Brazil , the extreme north of Amapá state . The range extends westward , and inland from Guyana into southeast Venezuela , eastern Colombia and then extends southeasterly down the Rio Negro river corridor to the Amazon River confluence and then the confluence of the Madeira River ; it also extends upstream on the Amazon River 250 km to the Purus River confluence .
In the Amazon Basin , the North Region , Brazil , the species is in the states of Amapá , Amazonas , and very southern Roraima . Disjunct localized populations are in northern Peru along river headwaters , ( the confluence region of the Ucayali River ) .
References
External links
Photo-High Res ; Article -- Highest Res https : //www.nhlstenden.com/ '' Suriname Birds ''
saffron-crested tyrant-manakin
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
saffron-crested tyrant-manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Wesley Brown Field House is a sports arena at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland . It is located between the 7th Wing of Bancroft Hall and Santee Basin . The facility houses physical education , varsity sports , club sports , and personal-fitness programs and equipment . It is home to the Midshipmen women 's volleyball team , men 's and women 's indoor track and field teams , men 's wrestling , women 's lacrosse team and sixteen club sports . It also serves as the practice space for the football and women 's volleyball teams . There is also a centralized sports-medicine facility . The building has a total room area of , eight locker rooms , and 300 lockers .
The field house has a full-length , , retractable Magic Carpet AstroTurf football field . When the field is retracted , students can then use the 200-meter AstroTurf track with a Mondo track surface and hydraulically-controlled banked curves and three permanent basketball courts . In four to six hours , the indoor track-and-field can be changed to an indoor football practice field , including target goalposts for placekicking practice . The synthetic playing surface ( with football-field yard-lines ) is stored on a spool at the field house 's south end . The surface is put in place by nine winches and an 18-port air-blower that makes the turf float across the field-house floor while being deployed and retracted .
The weight room is one of three `` strength and conditioning facilities '' at the academy . With , it serves the members of the following teams : men 's and women 's cross-country , men 's and women 's soccer , men 's and women 's track , golf , sprint football , volleyball , water polo , and women 's lacrosse .
The facility is named for the first African American to graduate from the Academy , retired Lt. Cmdr . Wesley A . Brown , who graduated in 1949 . The groundbreaking ceremony was held on March 25 , 2006 . Brown wielded a shovel in the groundbreaking . Hensel Phelps Construction Company constructed the field house , which was completed in March 2008 . The U.S . Naval Facilities Engineering Command ( NAVFAC ) administered the contract for construction . The building was dedicated on May 10 , 2008 . Brown participated in the ribbon-cutting ceremony with Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen , Naval Academy Superintendent Vice Adm. Jeffrey L. Fowler , and Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley . Also present were almost one thousand guests .
See also
1941 Harvard–Navy lacrosse game
Footnotes
External links
Wesley Brown Field House official webpage
Photos of interior ( 26 images ) and exterior ( 30 images ) . By Blake Marvin . Retrieved 2010-02-09 .
CDR Wesley Brown Field House / Groundbreaking Ceremony / March 25 , 2006 . USNA official website . Retrieved 2010-02-09 .
College lacrosse venues in the United States
Navy Midshipmen sports venues
Sports venues in Maryland
Indoor arenas in Maryland
Lacrosse venues in Maryland
Indoor lacrosse venues in the United States
Sports venues completed in 2008
United States Naval Academy buildings and structures
2008 establishments in Maryland
The 1997 Skate Israel was the 3rd edition of a senior-level international figure skating competition held in Metulla , Israel . It was held at the Canada Centre . Skaters competed in the disciplines of men 's singles , ladies ' singles , pair skating , and ice dancing .
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
WD = Withdrawn
External links
results
Skate Israel at the Israel Ice Skating Federation
Skate Israel
Israel
Skate Israel
The Hornet incident was an 1871 diplomatic incident involving Spain , Haiti , and the United States .
At the height of the Ten Years ' War between Spain and independence-seeking Cubans in January 1871 , the Hornet ( a small steamer flying the flag of the United States ) arrived at Port-au-Prince , hotly pursued by two Spanish men-of-war . At that time , the American Navy was yet to achieve the strength that it would later have in 1898 . The Hornet was charged with being a pirate , and with having on board contraband of war intended for the Cuban insurgents . The Spaniards , therefore , demanded that the Hornet be given up to them . The United States Minister immediately interposed , declaring that the Hornet was a bonafide American steamer . For this reason , Haiti refused to deliver the ship , and remained firm in this decision despite the presence of the Spanish men-of-war in the harbor of Port-au-Prince and the open threats made by Spain 's representatives . The Spanish Consul went so far as to address an ultimatum to the Haitian Secretary of Foreign Affairs on October 5 , 1871 , demanding the delivery of the Hornet within 24 hours .
The dispute was assuming a very threatening aspect for Haiti when the United States decided to relieve that country of all further responsibility in the matter . In consequence , man-of-war Congress was dispatched to Port-au-Prince , with instructions to convoy the Hornet either to Baltimore or to New York . This steamer eventually left Port-au-Prince in January 1872 , which put an end to the controversy between Haiti and Spain .
References
Haiti–United States relations
Foreign relations of Haiti
Foreign relations of Spain
Spain–United States relations
Ten Years ' War
1870s in Haiti
1870s in the United States
1870s in Spain
Defending the Devil : My Story as Ted Bundy 's Last Lawyer is a 1994 nonfiction book written by American lawyer Polly Nelson , who was a member of serial killer Ted Bundy 's legal defense team from 1986 to their execution in 1989 .
It was published by William Morrow & Company .
Description
Nelson was Bundy 's final lawyer before their execution in 1989 . The book describes their attempts to spare Bundy the death penalty , and gives their impressions of them as a person .
Court case
Nelson sued novelist John Grisham in 1995 , alleging their book The Chamber had striking similarities to their work . After Grisham prevailed in a lower court ruling in 1996 , the case was dismissed on appeal in 1997 .
References
1994 non-fiction books
Non-fiction books about Ted Bundy
William Morrow and Company books
John Chew Hiang Chea ( ; born 4 October 1947 ) was the third Metropolitan Archbishop and Primate of the Province of Anglican Church in South East Asia as well as Bishop of Singapore . They retired as the 8th Bishop of Singapore on 4 October 2012 . They were succeeded by Rennis Ponniah .
Education
Chew studied in Nanyang University and received their Bachelor of Arts ( BA ) in 1969 , honours in 1971 and Masters in 1976 . They obtained their Bachelor of Divinity ( BD ) with honours from the University of London in 1976 .
In 1983 , Chew obtained their Doctor of Philosophy ( PhD ) in Old Testament Studies from the University of Sheffield .
Priesthood
On 6 November 1976 , Chew was ordained as deacon at St Andrew 's Cathedral and on 8 October 1978 , they were ordained as priest . On 4 May 1986 , they were collated as Canon .
Chew also taught at the Trinity Theological College , Singapore from 1981 to 1999 as a lecturer . They were also the principal from 1991 till they left the college in 1999 . In 2006 , they served as the chairperson on the Board of Governors .
Chew was consecrated and enthroned as the 8th Bishop of Singapore by the then Archbishop of the Province of the Anglican Church in South East Asia and the then diocesan Bishop of Sabah , The Most Reverend Datuk Yong Ping Chung on 25 April 2000 at St Andrew 's Cathedral . Their consecration service was attended by Dr. Tony Tan , then Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore , dignitaries , bishops from the various dioceses and religious leaders from both fellow Christian denominations and non-Christian religions as well .
On 5 February 2006 , Chew was installed as the 3rd Archbishop of the Province of the Anglican Church in South East Asia as Datuk Yong Ping Chung , the Bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Sabah has reached retirement age . Representatives of Rowan Williams , Archbishop of Canterbury ( including Jonathan Gledhill , Bishop of Lichfield ) ; Nicholas Chia , Roman Catholic Archbishop of Singapore ; Robert M. Solomon , Bishop of the Methodist Church in Singapore ; and Ong Chit Chung , Member of Parliament of Jurong GRC were present at the occasion .
On 12 February 2012 , Chew handed over their office as the Archbishop of the Province of Anglican Church in Southeast Asia to the Bishop of the Diocese of Kuching , Datuk Bolly Lapok . Lapok succeeded Chew as the fourth Provincial Archbishop at an Installation Service held in St Thomas ' Cathedral , Kuching .
Chew continued to serve in the Diocese of Singapore as their Diocesan Bishop after that . On 9 September , Chew launched the special bilingual edition of the English Standard Version- Revised Chinese Union Version Pew Bible to be used during Worship Services in St Andrew 's Cathedral to mark their 150th Consecration Anniversary of the Nave .
On 28 September , a Thanksgiving Service was held in St Andrew 's Cathedral , Singapore in honour of their faithful service to the Diocese of Singapore for the past 12 years . Bishops from the region , Church leaders in Singapore and many Anglican Church members attended the Service . Chew retired as the 8th Bishop of Singapore on 4 October 2012 .
Presently serving as
( Since 2000 ) President , Fellowship of Evangelical Students , Singapore
( Since 2000 ) President , National Council of Churches of Singapore
( Since 2005 ) Honorary President , Bible Society of Singapore
( Since 2003 ) Honorary Secretary/ Chairman , Anglican Global South Primates ' Network
( 2007 - 2011 ) Chairman , Council of Church of East Asia
( 2007 - 2009 ) Member , Anglican Covenant Design Group
( 2000 - 2012 ) Chairman , Board of Governors , Trinity Theological College , Singapore
Personal life
Chew is married to Christina and they have a son .
See also
Former Bishops of Singapore
Anglican Diocese of Singapore
St Andrew 's Cathedral
Province of Anglican Church in South East Asia
External links
Diocese of Singapore Webportal
St Andrew 's Cathedral , Singapore
Trinity Theological College , Singapore
Bible Society of Singapore
References
The Courier-Official Magazine of St Andrew 's Cathedral ( September 2000 )
Diocesan Digest , Diocese of Singapore ( April 2006 )
Consecration of John Chew Service Booklet
Province of South East Asia 10th Anniversary Souvenir Booklet
1947 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of London
21st-century Anglican archbishops
Singaporean Anglicans
Singaporean religious leaders
Anglican bishops of Singapore
Singaporean archbishops
Anglican archbishops in Asia
Anglican archbishops of South East Asia
Singaporean people of Chinese descent
Sir Charles Kingsley Webster ( 25 July 1886 – August 1961 ) was a Cambridge-trained historian and British diplomat . They were educated at King 's College , Cambridge as well as the Merchant Taylors ' School , Crosby . After leaving Cambridge University , they went on to become a professor at Harvard , Oxford , and the London School of Economics . They also served as President of the British Academy from 1950 to 1954 .
In addition to their career in academia , Webster worked extensively in the Foreign Office , especially in the United States , and was a leading supporter of the new United Nations , as they had been of the League of Nations .
Life
After studying at Cambridge University , Webster became professor of international relations at the University of Wales , Aberystwyth where they wrote their two major books on the foreign policy of Lord Castlereagh , the first ( published in 1925 ) covering the period 1815–1822 , the second ( published in 1931 ) that from 1812 to 1815 . In 1932 Webster moved to the newly established Stevenson chair of international relations at the London School of Economics ( LSE ) .
During World War II , they worked extensively in the Foreign Office , especially in the United States , and was a leading supporter of the new United Nations , as they had been of the League of Nations . They were involved in the drafting of the UN Charter .
They attended the first meetings of both the General Assembly and the Security Council in January 1946 and the final meeting of the League of Nations in April . They were made a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in the new year 's honours list of 1946 .
Career
In 1948 , Webster gave the Ford Lectures in the University of Oxford . In 1951 , their biography of Henry John Temple , 3rd Viscount Palmerston was finally published . They were President of the British Academy in 1950 . They were awarded honorary degrees from Oxford , Cambridge Wales , Rome , and Williams College , Massachusetts , and was made an honorary fellow at King 's College , Cambridge . They retired from their chair at the LSE in 1953 .
Professor of Modern History , Liverpool University , 1914–1922
Subaltern in the Royal Army Service Corps , 1915–1917
General Staff of the War Office , 1917–1918
Secretary , Military Section , British Delegation to the Conference of Paris , 1918–1919
Wilson Professor of International Politics , University of Wales , 1922–1932
Außerordentlicher ( =Associate ) Professor , University of Vienna , 1926
Nobel Lecturer , Oslo , 1926
Reader , University of Calcutta , India , 1927
Professor of History , Harvard University , USA , 1928–1932
Stevenson Professor of International History , London School of Economics and Political Science , 1932–1953
Foreign Research and Press Service , 1939–1941
Director , British School of Information , New York , 1941–1942
Foreign Office , 1943–1946
Member of British Delegation , Dumbarton Oaks and San Francisco Conferences , 1944–1945
Member , Preparatory Commission and General Assembly , United Nations , 1945–1946
Ford Lecturer , Oxford University , 1948
President , 1950–1954 , and Foreign Secretary , 1955–1958 , British Academy
Works
The Congress of Vienna , 1814–1815 , London : Foreign Office Historical Section , 1919
The Congress of Vienna , Oxford University Press , 1919 ( with copyedit instructions , 1934 ) , online at Internet Archive
British diplomacy , 1813–1815 : select documents dealing with the reconstruction of Europe , 1921 , 409p , online at Internet Archive
The pacification of Europe , 1813–1815 , 1922
The Congress of Vienna , 1814–15 , and the Conference of Paris , 1919 , London , 1923
The Foreign Policy of Castlereagh ( 1815–1822 ) Britain and the European Alliance , London : G. Bell and Sons , 1925 , online at Internet Archive
The European alliance , 1815–1825 , University of Calcutta , 1929
What the world owes to President Wilson , London : League of Nations Union , 1930
The League of Nations in theory and practice , London : Allen and Unwin , 1933
Palmerston , Metternich and the European system , 1830–1841 , London : Humphrey Milford , London , 1934
Editor of British diplomatic representatives , 1789–1852 , London , 1934
Editor of Britain and the independence of Latin America , 1812–1830 , London : Ibero-American Institute of Great Britain , 1938
Some problems of international organisation , University of Leeds , 1943
Editor of Some letters of the Duke of Wellington to their brother , William Wellesley-Pole , London , 1948
The Foreign Policy of Palmerston , 1830–1841 : Britain , the Liberal Movement , and the Eastern Question , 1951 , online edition of vol 2
The art and practice of diplomacy , London School of Economics , 1952 , online
British Foreign Policy since the Second World War
The founder of the national home , Weizmann Science Press of Israel , 1955
Sanctions : the use of force in an international organisation , London , 1956
The strategic air offensive against Germany , 1939–1945 , London , Them Majesty 's Stationery Office , 1961 , coauthor , 3 volumes , official history
References
Sources
Fagg , John Edwin . `` Sir Charles Webster 1886– `` in S. William Helperin , ed. , Some 20th century historians ( 1961 ) pp 171–200 .
Hall , Ian . `` The art and practice of a diplomatic historian : Sir Charles Webster , 1886–1961 . '' International Politics 42.4 ( 2005 ) : 470–490 .
Reynolds , P. A. and E. J. Hughes , The historian as diplomat : Charles Kingsley Webster and the United Nations , 1939–1946 , ( 1976 ) .
External links
Catalogue of the Webster papers at the Archives Division of the London School of Economics .
1886 births
1961 deaths
Academics of Aberystwyth University
Academics of the London School of Economics
Royal Army Service Corps officers
British diplomats
British Army personnel of World War I
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Presidents of the British Academy
University of Calcutta faculty
20th-century British historians
People educated at Merchant Taylors ' School , Crosby
Pandemis quadrata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in China ( Shanxi ) .
The length of the forewings is 9–10 mm . The forewings are light brown , with a scattered brown pattern . The hindwings are greyish brown .
References
Moths described in 1983
Pandemis
While no creative work is automatically protected worldwide , there are international treaties which provide protection automatically for all creative works as soon as they are fixed in a medium . There are two primary international copyright agreements , the Buenos Aires Convention and the Berne Convention .
Berne Convention
The Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary and Artistic Works ( also referred to as just the Berne Convention ) requires protection for all creative works in a fixed medium be automatic , and last for at least 50 years after the author 's death for any work except for photographic and cinematographic works . Photographic works are tied to a minimum of 25 years . Cinematographic works are protected for 50 years after first showing , or 50 years after creation if it has n't been shown within 50 years after the creation . The Berne Convention also allows for the rule of the shorter term , stating that `` unless the legislation of that country otherwise provides , the term shall not exceed the term fixed in the country of origin of the work '' . Not all countries have applied this rule however .
Buenos Aires Convention
The Buenos Aires Convention ( Third Pan-American Convention ) was a treaty signed by most North and South American countries , which allows for protection of all creative works as long as they contain a notice informing that the creator claims copyright on it . The Buenos Aires Convention also instituted the rule of the shorter term , where the length of the copyright term for the work in a country was whichever was shorter - the length of the term in the source country , or the protecting country of the work .
All Buenos Aires countries are now also parties to the Berne Convention , but elements from Buenos Aires are still used in the modern era , such as the rule of the shorter term .
See also
International Copyright Act of 1891
Copyright
Copyright law by country
History of copyright law
Intellectual property organization
List of parties to international copyright treaties
Philosophy of copyright
References
External links
World Intellectual Property Organization
United States Government site
list
Copyright
Frederick E. Field ( November 7 , 1861 –1931 ) was an American architect who practiced in Providence , Rhode Island , and Orlando , Florida , in the period between 1883 and 1927 .
Their professional training took place at Cornell University .
In 1883 , Field opened their practice in the city of Providence . In 1902 , they took their head draftsman , Harry A. Slocomb , as partner in Field & Slocomb . This firm was dissolved in January 1904 , with both returning to independent practice . In 1907 , they joined noted architect Howard Hoppin ( 1856–1940 ) in the firm of Hoppin & Field . This , in turn , became Hoppin , Field & Peirce in 1922 , when Thomas J. Hill Peirce joined the firm . This firm was soon dissolved , and the partners went their separate ways . By the mid-1920s , Field had moved to Orlando . They had opened their own practice there by 1926 . In 1927 , Charles E. Choate , who had been in Orlando since 1925 , took them as partner in Choate & Field . This firm appears to have dissolved soon afterward , as Choate moved to Birmingham that same year . By the time of their death in 1931 , Field was once again practicing in Providence .
Field was received into the College of Fellows of the American Institute of Architects in 1889 .
Architectural work
In private practice , 1883–1902 :
Valentine Gernershausen Duplex , 25–27 Adelaide Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1884 )
Atwells Avenue Primary School , 235 Atwells Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1887 ) – Demolished .
Veazie Street Primary School , 287 Veazie St. , Providence , RI ( 1887 ) – Demolished .
George J . West House , 95 Roanoke St. , Providence , RI ( 1889 )
Peace Street Grammar School , 49 Peace St. , Providence , RI ( 1889 ) – Demolished .
Waldo J. Slocomb House , 12 Brighton St. , Providence , RI ( 1889 )
Academy Avenue Grammar School , 38 Academy Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1890 ) – Demolished .
Frederick E. Field House , 102 Melrose St. , Providence , RI ( 1890 ) – The architect 's own home .
Police Station No . 6 , 38 Chaffee St. , Providence , RI ( 1890 )
Providence Home for Aged Men , 807 Broad St. , Providence , RI ( 1891–95 )
River Avenue Primary School , 159 River Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1891 ) – Demolished .
Roger Williams Park Stable , Roger Williams Park , 1000 Elmwood Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1891 ) – Now the zoo administration building .
Valentine Gernershausen Duplex , 21–23 Adelaide Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1891 )
Foster N. Gunnison House , 150 Lexington Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1892 )
Manual Training High School , 119 Pond St. , Providence , RI ( 1892 ) – Demolished .
Messer Street Grammar School , 158 Messer St. , Providence , RI ( 1892 )
John S. Whitehouse House , 195 Lexington Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1894 )
Dutee Wilcox Building , 180 Washington St. , Providence , RI ( 1895 ) – Demolished .
Hendrick Street Primary School , 64 Hendrick St. , Providence , RI ( 1895 ) – Demolished .
Ruggles Street Primary School , 110 Ruggles St. , Providence , RI ( 1895 )
Columbia Building , 15 Snow St. , Providence , RI ( 1897 )
Masonic Temple , 127 Dorrance St. , Providence , RI ( 1897 )
John H. Hambly House , 44 Oriole Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1898 )
William R. Tillinghast House , 268 Angell St. , Providence , RI ( 1898 )
John F. Allen House , 40 Oriole Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1899 )
Albert J. Schmid House , 100 Elmgrove Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1900 )
Edmund D. Chesebro House , 421 Elmwood Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1900 )
Walter S. Hough House , 278 Olney St. , Providence , RI ( 1901 )
Field & Slocomb , 1902–1904 :
Abbott School , Farmington , ME ( 1902 ) – Demolished .
Private practice , 1904–1907 :
America Street Primary School , 22 America St. , Providence , RI ( 1904 ) – Demolished .
Regent Avenue Primary School , 101 Regent Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1904 )
Helen A. W. Hudson Duplex , 24–26 President Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1905 )
Helen A. W. Hudson Duplex , 34–36 President Ave. , Providence , RI ( 1907 )
References
1861 births
1931 deaths
19th-century American architects
Architects from Providence , Rhode Island
Architects from Florida
Cornell University College of Architecture , Art , and Planning alumni
20th-century American architects
Fellows of the American Institute of Architects
Robert Barton `` Bullet Bob '' Westfall ( May 5 , 1919 – October 23 , 1980 ) was an American football fullback who played for the University of Michigan ( 1939–1941 ) and the Detroit Lions ( 1944–1947 ) . They were a consensus first-team All-American in 1941 and a first-team All-Pro player in 1945 . In 1987 , Westfall was enshrined in the College Football Hall of Fame .
Biography
Westfall was born in 1919 in Hamtramck , Michigan . Their father abandoned the family when Westfall was two years old which necessitated they and their older sister living in foster homes until their mother was able to move them to Ann Arbor , Michigan in 1924 . There , Westfall 's mother worked 14-hour days in a laundry six days per week and the children worked , too , to make ends meet . At age 10 Westfall started as a caddy and worked other jobs while their sister sewed as they struggled to survive during the Great Depression . They lived in a tiny second-floor apartment on Greene Street `` in the shadow of the Michigan Stadium '' -a location perhaps affecting the future . Showing leadership at an early age , Westfall was the class president from 8th grade at Tappan Junior High School through the 12th grade at Ann Arbor High School . Demonstrating a remarkable talent for athletics , Westfall starred in football , basketball , baseball and track at Ann Arbor High School . Engaging in sports at all was remarkable due to severe bronchial asthma that affected them from the age of nine throughout their entire life . They were diagnosed by doctors at the University of Michigan Hospital as having one of the worst cases of asthma that they had ever encountered . Ted Kennedy , who played center in front of Westfall for the four years ( 1938–1941 ) they were at Michigan together recalled that Westfall `` had asthma attacks so bad they could hardly breathe '' but that `` he was a very courageous player . '' `` I remember , ''
said Kennedy , `` one night before a big Minnesota game-it was for the national championship-Bob had an attack , and they would n't let them into health services-he did n't have the right cards or something like that . They had to crawl home on their hands and knees that night , but they played the next day . '' Westfall was the first Ann Arbor High School graduate to play for the Wolverines since Hall of Famer John Maulbetsch in 1916 . They were the starting fullback in every Michigan football game from 1939–1941 . In their sophomore and junior years , they played in a backfield that also included Tom Harmon and Forest Evashevski . Westfall rushed for 1,864 yards on 428 carries ( 4.36 yards per carry ) in 24 games ( Michigan only played 8 games per season then and freshmen were not eligible for varsity play ) . This stood as a Michigan fullback career rushing record for 30 years .
Westfall 's stocky build
Westfall was a stocky runner , listed in the Michigan program at five-feet , eight-inches tall and weighing 180 pounds ( five-feet , seven-inches according to some reports ) . They actually are 5 ' 6 '' tall and weighed 165-170 pounds . They had large powerful legs and one newspaper report called them Michigan 's `` chunky fullback '' and noted that they were `` generally recognized as the greatest exponent of the spinner play in collegiate ranks . '' Michigan Coach Fritz Crisler said of Westfall , `` He has the finest running base I 've ever seen in football , and they can run in all kinds of weather . ''
1940 season
In 1940 , Michigan had two of the country 's four leading ground gainers . Tom Harmon netted 852 yards , slightly better than Westfall who netted 808 rushing yards . Though Westfall 's rushing yards ranked them as the country 's fourth leading ground gainer in 1940 , their performance that year was initially overshadowed by teammate Harmon who led the country in scoring and won the Heisman Trophy .
In October 1940 , Westfall rushed for 152 yards on 37 carries in a 28-0 win over Illinois . Newspaper coverage of the game finally brought Westfall out of Harmon 's shadow . The Associated Press opened its coverage of the game by focusing on Westfall : `` A vengeful Michigan football team , with sure footed Bob Westfall smashing thru the Illinois forwards on a slippery turf , crushed Coach Bob Zuppke 's eleven ... '' The Hearst newspapers reported on Westfall 's performance this way : `` In the general practice of watching out for Tom Harmon , the Michigan marvel , to start running , or for Bob Zuppke , the wily Illinois coach , to produce their miracles , no one at first paid much attention to Michigan 's fullback , Bob Westfall . That was a mistake . ''
Westfall outshone Harmon again in a 20-13 win over Northwestern in November 1940 . Westfall scored two touchdowns and , with three minutes to play , made `` the defensive gem '' of the game by tackling Red Hahnenstein a yard short of a first down on the Michigan seven-yard line . Under the headline `` WESTFALL IS HERO OF THE HEATED GAME , '' the Associated Press reported that Red Grange was in attendance to watch Harmon try to break Grange 's scoring record , `` but Bob Westfall , Michigan fullback , stole the show . ''
By the end of the 1940 season , Westfall had begun to receive the attention of the press . An Associated Press feature on Westfall in mid-November noted : '' Football fans in record numbers are paying their way to see Michigan 's Tom Harmon playing their last season , but many of them are coming away from games with the question , 'Who 's that guy , Westfall ? ' Outside the focus of the publicity spotlight , Bullet Bob Westfall , a stocky 180-pound fullback , has matched All-America Tommy almost yard for yard by rushing this fall and in at least three games has stolen the show from their illustrious teammate . ''
1941 season
As a senior in 1941 , Westfall was captain of the Michigan football team that went 6-1-1 and finished the season ranked No . 5 in the final Associated Press poll .
In October 1941 , the Associated Press published a feature story on Westfall in which they described them as follows : `` Westfall is not a flashy type . The triple threat business is for the other boys . They do n't kick ; They do n't pass . But , boy , how they can spin with that football . Captain Bob is pudgy and built close to the ground . Once they get rolling , look out ! ''
In a November 1941 game against Columbia at Baker Field in New York City , Westfall scored three touchdowns for their highest single-game point total . Crisler pulled Westfall early in the third quarter to avoid embarrassing Columbia .
Westfall 's final game in a Michigan uniform was a 20-20 tie with Ohio State . Westfall rushed for 162 yards in the game , nearly as much as the entire Ohio State backfield combined . As Michigan had been favored , the Ohio State players celebrated on the field in Ann Arbor . Westfall walked over to the Buckeyes and handed them the battered game ball , reported to have been `` a silent admission of the Buckeye 's moral victory . '' Ohio State Coach Paul Brown said of Westfall 's act , `` That was a nice gesture ; the Ohio State-Michigan sportsmanship still holds . ''
At the end of the 1941 season , Westfall was a consensus All-American , selected as the first-team fullback by Grantland Rice , the Associated Press ( `` AP '' ) , United Press , All-America Board , Collier 's , the Newspaper Enterprise Association ( `` NEA '' ) , the International News Service , the Central Press Association , the New York Sun and the Walter Camp Football Foundation . They finished eighth in the Heisman Trophy voting . One of the All-America selectors , Harry Grayson writing for the NEA , explained the selection of Westfall : '' Westfall is one of the slickest spinners the game has known . Fritz Crisier built the Michigan attack around Westfall . A fullback built close to the ground , Bob 's 186 pounds is spread over no more than five feet eight inches . They averaged more than four yards per whack against the hardest kind of opposition . They fumbled only once in three years and then , in the Minnesota game this year , when they were bumped by a young wingback coming too shallow on a reverse . A bruising fullback , Westfall also skirted the ends , was a superlative blocker and a stout defender . ''
Westfall was also selected to play in both major post-season all-star games . They were captain of the Eastern All-Stars in the New Year 's Day East-West Shrine Game in New Orleans . The Shrine game was traditionally played in San Francisco but , less than a month after the attack on Pearl Harbor , it was moved to New Orleans due to concerns about an attack on the West Coast . The game ended in a 6-6 tie , and Westfall was the leading rusher with 94 yards in 20 carries . The United Press called them `` Michigan 's human top '' and tabbed them as one of the two brightest stars for the East . In July 1942 , Westfall was voted as the starting fullback on the College All-American team in an annual game against the NFL championship team . Westfall was unanimously selected by the coaches of the Big Ten Conference .
Service in World War II
In November 1941 , the Associated Press ran a story about Westfall being rated as class 4-F and therefore ineligible for the draft . Westfall told reporters that a perforated eardrum and a tendency to asthma resulted in the 4-F classification . The AP noted : `` Bullet Bob Westfall may look like a physical wreck to their draft board but he 's on their way to national recognition as at least one of the greatest fullbacks again this season . '' After Pearl Harbor was bombed on December 7 , 1941 , they enlisted in the Army Air Corps .
In late December 1941 , the Detroit Lions selected Westfall as their first-round pick ( 5th selection overall ) in the 1942 NFL Draft .
In February 1942 , Westfall married their college sweetheart , Ruthmary Smith of Wayne , Michigan . At the time of their wedding , Westfall told reporters that after graduating in June , they might play for the Lions if the Army would not take him .
In the summer of 1942 , the Army did take Westfall despite their 4-F rating . Westfall was initially assigned to play for the Eastern All-Army football team , but they broke their left elbow after falling from a horse in August 1942 . Westfall had played in the College All-Star game in late August unaware that their elbow was broken .
In August 1943 , an Army newspaper reported that Westfall had `` washed out '' of the Army Air Corps flight school because , `` of all things , they were too nervous . '' According to another account , they `` cracked up their plane while training . '' ( In actuality , they suffered from air sickness which culminated in theirs damaging a training plane during an attempted landing . ) Westfall was subsequently reassigned to the Air Corps radio operator program at Scott Field in Illinois .
In December 1943 , Westfall received a medical discharge from the Army Air Corps while still stationed at Scott Field . They were reported to have been discharged as a result of bronchitis and asthma .
Professional football player
Westfall returned to the University of Michigan in 1944 to complete their degree and
they also worked at the B-24 bomber plant in Willow Run , Michigan . Under wartime rules , they were eligible to play for the Michigan football team in the fall of 1944 . However , newspapers reported that Big Ten officials were concerned that Westfall might play for the Wolverines in the season 's early games while completing their degree , and then play for the Detroit Lions at the end of the 1944 season . The prospect of a player starting the year as a college player and then being paid to play professional football the same year was seen as a potential embarrassment to the conference .
Through the summer months , newspapers reported on the `` burning question whether Westfall would play for Michigan or the Detroit Lions . '' Lions coach Gus Dorais told the press , `` Football salaries are paid for ability and gate appeal , and we are sure Westfall still has both . Naturally , we want Westfall and hope to sign him . He 's 25 years old now , and we believe that if he 's going to cash in on their football , now 's the time . ''
Westfall finally signed with Lions in August 1944 , and played four seasons in the NFL from 1944–1947 . In one of their early games in the NFL , Westfall ran for two touchdowns against the defending NFL champions , the Chicago Bears , in a game played at Wrigley Field . Westfall 's touchdowns against the Bears included a 75-yard touchdown sprint through the middle of the Bears line . As a rookie , they compiled 342 passing yards for 4 touchdowns , 277 rushing yards , 218 receiving yards , and 117 yards on punt and kickoff returns . They also had a 30-yard interception return in 1944 .
Westfall had their best season as a pro in 1945 when they were picked as a first-team All-Pro by the Associated Press . That year , they scored 54 points in nine games and ranked fourth in the NFL in touchdowns and sixth in scoring .
Later years
After retiring from professional football in 1947 , Westfall became a business person in Adrian , Michigan . They were the secretary-treasurer of the Adrian Salvage Company from 1948–1953 and later served for 27 years as president of * Adrian Steel Company . They also coached a semi-pro football team in Adrian , Adrian Athletic Club ( also known as The Big Reds ) , for three years from 1948–1950 . Their record was 19-4-3 including a string of eighteen games without a loss . The 1950 team was undefeated , untied , and unscored-upon while outscoring the opposition 203-0 . Westfall died in 1980 at age 61 . In 1979 Westfall was selected by U of M officials as one of the 25 All-Time Great University of Michigan football players , which was announced on the TV program `` Blue Magic '' , hosted by Tom Harmon . In 1982 Westfall was posthumously inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor . In 1986 , they were posthumously inducted into the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame ( State of Michigan ) . They were posthumously inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1987 . In 2000 , they were named as a running back ( Honorable Mention ) to the University of Michigan All-Century Team and as a member of The Backfield of the Century for the years 1900–1999 . In 2005 , they were selected as one of the 100 greatest Michigan football players of all time by `` Motown Sports Revival , '' ranking 75th on the all-time team .
See also
List of Michigan Wolverines football All-Americans
University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor
Michigan Sports Hall of Fame
References
1919 births
1980 deaths
All-American college football players
American football running backs
Detroit Lions players
Michigan Wolverines football players
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
United States Army Air Forces soldiers
Players of American football from Ann Arbor , Michigan
People from Adrian , Michigan
Kabiskagami Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District , Ontario , Canada . It is about long and wide and lies at an elevation of . The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Mosambik Lake on the Magpie River , which flows into Lake Superior .
See also
List of lakes in Ontario
References
Lakes of Algoma District
TER Auvergne was the regional rail network serving Auvergne région , France . In 2017 it was merged into the new TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes .
Network
Rail
Bus
Arlanc – Ambert – Thiers – Vichy
Neussargues – Riom-ès-Montagnes – Bort-les-Orgues
Clermont-Ferrand – Bort-les-Orgues – Mauriac – Saint-Martin-Valmeroux
Aurillac – Mauriac – Bort-les-Orgues
Le Puy-en-Velay – La Chaise-Dieu – Ambert
Dunières – Firminy
Le Puy-en-Velay – Langogne – Mende
Bort-les-Orgues – Ussel
Montluçon – Ussel
Montluçon – Saint-Éloy-les-Mines – Clermont-Ferrand
Rolling stock
Multiple units
SNCF Class X 2100
SNCF Class X 2800
SNCF Class X 4300
SNCF Class X 4500
SNCF Class X 4630
SNCF Class X 4750
SNCF Class X 72500
SNCF Class X 73500
SNCF Class X 76500 ( XGC X 76500 )
On order :
SNCF Class Z 27500 ( ZGC Z 27500 )
Locomotives
SNCF Class BB 67400
See also
SNCF
Transport express régional
Réseau Ferré de France
List of SNCF stations
List of SNCF stations in Auvergne
Auvergne ( region )
External links
TER Auvergne website
Oedistoma is a genus of longbill in the bird family Melanocharitidae ( berrypeckers and longbills ) . The genus , like the family , is endemic to New Guinea . The genus contains two species , both of which are sometimes placed in the genus Toxorhamphus .
Species
Spectacled longbill , Oedistoma iliolophus
Pygmy longbill , Oedistoma pygmaeum
References
Bird genera
Higher-level bird taxa restricted to New Guinea
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
Giovan Antonio Rusconi ( c. 1500-05 ; † 1578 ) was a Venetian architect , hydraulic engineer , translator and illustrator of Vitruvius .
Life
Apart from being introduced into building and painting young Antonio Rusconi studied mathematics at the University of Padua under Giovanni Battista Memmo and Niccolò Tartaglia . Extensively consulting Vitruvius ' `` Ten Books on Architecture '' while they were constructing a novel type of watermill Antonio became aware of many grave technical errors within the work 's early Renaissance editions and commentaries . Finally Pietro Lauro , who had rendered Leon Battista Alberti 's “ De Architectura ” into the vernacular , convinced Rusconi to set out with a translation of their own . The text was finished until 1552 and illustrated with more than three hundred supplementary woodcuts . Earlier , Rusconi had already provided the illustrations for Lodovico Dolce 's version of the Ovidian “ Metamorphoses ” .
Yet , since then countless treatises on architecture and commentaries on Vitruvius ( e.g . by Daniele Barbaro , Gicaomo Vignola and Andrea Palladio ) were being published , Rusconi 's Venetian editors , Giolito and Tommaso Porcacchi , saw no benefit in printing another title on the subject .
Together with Palladio Rusconi draughted the `` Palazzo municipale '' ( Brescia ) in 1562 , they also took part in rebuilding the Doge 's Palace after the fire of 1577 and constructing the Palazzo Grimani . Nevertheless throughout their life Rusconi 's main occupation was that of a hydraulic engineer for the Republic of Venice . After having fallen gravely ill in 1575 Giovan Antonio died in 1579 .
Rusconi 's `` Della Architettura ''
Rusconi 's “ Vitruvius ” was only printed after their death in 1590 by the son of their former editor Giolito . Although the latter recognised the value of Giovan Antonio 's xylographies they considered their translation and annotations as outdated , and thus a strange “ Vitruvius without Vitruvius “ was published : Just about 160 of originally 300 woodcuts were compiled with extracts from Fra Giocondo 's and Cesariano 's translations of Vitruvius ' treatise . For many of Rusconi 's illustrations containing references to textual explanations , it is particularly regrettable that their translation has hence been lost .
Editions
Della architettura di Gio . Antonio Rusconi libri dieci edition of 1590 ( digitalised by the Bavarian State Library )
Della Architettura di Gio [ van ] Antonio Rusconi , Centro Internazionale di Studi di Architettura Andrea Palladio di Vicenza , with reprint of the 1590 edition , Testi e fonti per la storia dell'architettura , Verona and Vicenza 1996 .
References
Renaissance architects
Architectural theoreticians
Italian architecture writers
16th-century Italian architects
Italian Renaissance architects
1579 deaths
Architects from Venice
Italian male non-fiction writers
University of Padua alumni
Year of birth uncertain
John Palmer of Bath ( 1742 – 16 August 1818 ) was a theatre owner and instigator of the British system of mail coaches that was the beginning of the great British post office reforms with the introduction of an efficient mail coach delivery service in Great Britain during the late 18th century . They were Mayor of Bath on two occasions and Comptroller General of the Post Office , and later served as Member of Parliament for the constituency of Bath between 1801 and 1807 .
Theatre
Palmer was the eldest son of a prosperous Bath brewer and theatre owner who inherited their father 's Old Orchard Street Theatre , and obtained a royal letters patent for it in 1768 which gave them an effective monopoly on playhouses in the city and the right to use the title `` Theatre Royal '' , the first theatre outside London to acquire it . Palmer 's second theatre in Bristol was granted the same status in 1778 , becoming the Theatre Royal , Bristol . Palmer worked as their father 's London agent , frequently travelling between London and Bath , and after their father decided to retire in 1776 the patent was transferred to him . They continued to manage the theatre until 1785 . The two theatres shared one acting company , so Palmer had to move their actors , stagehands and props quickly between Bristol and Bath , they set up a coach service which provided safe , quick and efficient transport for their actors and materials . Later , when Palmer became involved in the Post Office , they believed that the coach service they had previously run between theatres could be utilised for a countrywide mail delivery service .
Mail coaches
The postal delivery service in Britain had existed in the same form for about 150 years—from its introduction in 1635 , mounted carriers had ridden between `` posts '' where the postmaster would remove the letters for the local area before handing the remaining letters and any additions to the next rider . The riders were frequent targets for robbers , and the system was inefficient .
Because Palmer made much use of stagecoach services between cities in the course of their business , and noted that it seemed far more efficient than the system of mail delivery then in operation , so that they could travel from Bath to London in a single day while the mail took three days . It occurred to them that this coach service could be developed into a national mail delivery service , so in 1782 they suggested to the Post Office in London that they take up the idea . They met resistance from officials who believed that the existing system could not be improved , but eventually the Chancellor of the Exchequer , William Pitt , allowed them to carry out an experimental run between Bristol and London . Under the old system the journey had taken up to 38 hours . The coach , funded by Palmer , left Bristol at 4 pm on 2 August 1784 and arrived in London just 16 hours later .
Impressed by the trial run , Pitt authorised the creation of new routes . Within the month the service had been extended from London to Norwich , Nottingham , Liverpool and Manchester , and by the end of 1785 services to the following major towns and cities of England and Wales had also been linked : Leeds , Dover , Portsmouth , Poole , Exeter , Gloucester , Worcester , Holyhead and Carlisle . A service to Edinburgh was added the next year , and Palmer was rewarded by being made Surveyor and Comptroller General of the Post Office . By 1797 there were forty-two routes .
Post Office employment
Part of Palmer 's argument for the changes had been that such an improvement in the service would justify an increase in postal charges , and they had been promised two-and-a-half percent of any increase in the revenue as well as control of the new service . They were appointed Comptroller General of the Post Office on 11 October 1786 , but there was some delay in paying them their share of the very substantial increase in revenue ( which had risen from £51,000 in 1784 to £73,000 in 1787 ) . They were eventually granted a payment of arrears after a commission of inquiry investigated in 1789 , but not the full sum that they claimed .
Initially the coach , horses and driver were all supplied by contractors . There was strong competition for the contracts because they provided a fixed regular income in addition to which the companies could charge fares for the passengers . By the beginning of the 19th century the Post Office had their own fleet of coaches with black and scarlet livery . The early coaches were poorly built , but in 1787 the Post Office adopted John Besant 's improved and patented design , after which Besant , with their partner John Vidler , enjoyed a monopoly on the supply of coaches , and a virtual monopoly on their upkeep and servicing .
As Comptroller General , Palmer was subordinate to the Postmaster General , and although they attempted to reform the operation of the Post Office , they found themselves continually at odds with their superior , not least because of their habit of exceeding their legitimate powers without reference to the postmaster .
The development of railways in the 1830s spelt the end for the mail coach service . The first rail delivery between Liverpool and Manchester took place on 11 November 1830 . By the early 1840s many London-based mail coaches were starting to be withdrawn from service ; the final service from London ( to Norwich ) was shut down in 1846 . Regional mail coaches continued into the 1850s , but these too were eventually replaced by rail services .
Later life
After a series of controversies , they were effectively dismissed in 1792 , but the following year Pitt granted them a government pension of £3,000 a year . However , Palmer continued to press their claim for the much greater sum to which they believed they were entitled , and eventually in 1813 ( long after Pitt 's death ) a parliamentary bill was passed to grant them the sum of £50,000 .
The institution of mail coaches permanently revolutionised the British postal service , and Palmer was widely honoured for it , being presented with the freedom of numerous towns and cities . In Bath they were particularly cherished , becoming Mayor in 1796 and again in 1809 , and sitting as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for the city from 1801 to 1808 . Such was their influence with the Common Council of Bath ( which in those days had the exclusive right to vote for the city 's MPs ) that they were able to stand down from Parliament in 1808 in the knowledge that their son Charles would be elected in their place .
They died at Brighton in 1818 , and was buried in the Abbey Church at Bath .
Notes
References
Attribution :
External links
The Bath Postal Museum
The History of the Postal Services
Mail coaches- British Postal Museum and Archive
Bath Past : Theatre
1742 births
1818 deaths
Mayors of Bath , Somerset
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
English theatre managers and producers
Postal system of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 1801–1802
UK MPs 1802–1806
UK MPs 1806–1807
UK MPs 1807–1812
Postal pioneers
Politics of Bath , Somerset
The Clinton River is a stream in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Clinton River may also refer to :
Clinton River ( New Zealand ) , a stream in the Southland Region of the South Island of New Zealand
Clinton River ( Arnold River tributary ) , a stream in Estrie , Quebec , Canada
Siegmund L'Allemand ( 8 March 1840 , Vienna - 24 December 1910 , Vienna ) was an Austrian painter , known for history and war scenes , genre works and portraits .
Biography
Their father , Thaddäus ( 1810-1872 ) , was an engraver and their uncle was the history painter , Fritz L'Allemand , who gave them their first lessons . Theirs had their formal studies at the Academy of Fine Arts , Vienna , with Christian Ruben and Karl von Blaas .
In 1864 , they became a member of the Vienna Künstlerhaus . Later that year , they served as a battle painter in the Second Schleswig War . Two years later , they served in the same capacity in the Third Italian War of Independence , an offshoot of the Austro-Prussian War , and participated in the Battle of Custoza . Their uncle , Fritz , died that same year and Siegmund completed their unfinished paintings .
After 1883 , they were a Professor at the Academy in Vienna . In October , 1907 , they were a member of the Examination Board ( chaired by Christian Griepenkerl ) that voted to reject Adolf Hitler 's application for admission to the school .
They received numerous awards , including a medal at the Exposition Universelle ( 1867 ) , the Reichel Prize from the Academy ( 1876 ) and the `` Karl Ludwig Medal '' in 1879 .
They were interred at the Zentralfriedhof . Many of their works are on display at the Museum of Military History , Vienna ; notably a monumental portrait of Ernst Gideon von Laudon that was created for the Exposition Universelle ( 1878 ) .
References
External links
1840 births
1910 deaths
19th-century Austrian painters
19th-century Austrian male artists
History painters
Military art
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alumni
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna faculty
Artists from Vienna
Blessed & Cursed is the second full-length album by Devil Sold Their Soul , released by Century Media on 12 July 2010 . On its first week of release , the album sold over 700 copies . It was the last studio album to feature Iain Trotter on bass , following their departure from the band in January 2011 .
Track listing
Personnel
Devil Sold Their Soul
Ed Gibbs – vocals
Ian Trotter – bass guitar
Paul Kitney – samples
Leks Wood – drums
Jonny Renshaw – guitar
Rick Chapple – guitar , piano , organ
Additional vocals
Guest vocals on `` The Disappointment '' – Andrew Neufeld of Comeback Kid and Sights & Sounds
Guest vocals on `` The Weight of Faith '' – Perry Bryan of Rinoa
Group vocals on `` Drowning / Sinking '' – Perry Bryan , Jozef Norocky , James May , Matthew Holden and David Gumbleton of Rinoa , Leo Dorsz , Tommy Renshaw and Devil Sold Their Soul
Group vocals on `` Truth Has Come '' – Devil Sold Their Soul
Production
Produced by Jonny Renshaw and Devil Sold Their Soul
Recorded and Engineered by Jonny Renshaw
Strings and Brass written and arranged by Devil Sold Their Soul
Strings and Brass programmed by Tommy Renshaw
Mixing – Steve Evetts
Mastering – Alan Douches
Artwork , layout – Jon Barmby
References
2010 albums
Devil Sold Their Soul albums
Century Media Records albums
is a Japanese kaiju , and superhero , film , serving as the film adaptation of the 2013 Ultra Series television series Ultraman Ginga . It was released on September 7 , 2013 , which takes place during the season break of Ultraman Ginga , in-between episodes six and seven . This movie is double-billed with short CGI movie , , one of the shorts for the 2013 cardass game Mega Monster Rush : Ultra Frontier , which played first before the premier of the movie . A DVD and Blu-Ray release of the movie was sold on December 25 , 2013 by Bandai Visual , costing around 3,990 and 5,040 Yen respectively .
The main catchphrase in this movie is .
Synopsis
Mega Monster Rush : Ultra Frontier - Dino-Tank Hunting
At a desert arena , various participants tried to take down the Dino-Tank Mk II . With most participants eliminated , only one team left : the Rush Hunters , consisting of Baltan Battler Barrel , Guts Gunner Garm and Magma Master Magna . After a failed attempt to attack while Dino-Tank trapped inside an electrical field , Barrel turned themselves into a barrier long enough to contain the Plasma Monster for Garm and Magna to attack , but the technique greatly exhausted Barrel . In a last effort , Barrel quickly destroyed the last Plasma Soul , causing Dino-Tank to fall into a pit for the Rush Hunters to win . Their Hunter Leader , Djent , express their satisfaction before reminding themselves that their team still had a long way to go .
Ultraman Ginga Theater Special
The film started with a brief introduction given by Alien Valkie to the viewers , where they review past incidents from first to sixth episodes of Ultraman Ginga . After finish reviewing , they told the viewers that the mastermind still had their supply of monsters before fading .
The mysterious figure surveyed through their Spark Dolls collection and brought one to life , an Alien Icarus . While Hikaru contacted their parents in Glasgow , Scotland , both them and Taro received visions of monsters , which came from Mt . Furuboshi . The next day , Hiakru and their childhood friends went on a hike to Mt . Furuboshi to collect six Spark Dolls that had been scattered . The group split into two , Hikaru and Chigusa , followed by Misuzu , Taro and Kenta . With Hikaru and Chigusa found one first , Kenta , Misuzu and Taro stumbled upon Alien Icarus , whom also had the same goal in mind . Tomoya joined the three as they confiscated the Spark Doll from Icarus and the latter expelled by Taro 's power . Tomoya 's arrival was only due to crossing paths with them in their investigating mission , but Taro insisted them to protect them .
With two Spark Dolls in their possession , Icarus tried to impersonate Misuzu to trick Hikaru and Chigusa into giving them their Spark Dolls but the Ginga Spark emitted a backlash wave that shed half of their disguise , causing the two to escape and met the other group via Tomoya 's signal . Alien Icarus chased after them and hold Misuzu as a hostage , later taking the Spark Dolls in exchange of them With the Spark Dolls in their possession , Icarus fused with them into the monster Tyrant . Hikaru as well decided to use a special Spark Doll , Ultraman Tiga and engaged in a fight against the monster . Having drained up most of their energy , Tiga almost defeated until Tomoya brought Jean-nine into the battle as the two defeated Tyrant , separating Alien Icarus from the six Spark Dolls . The captured Icarus tried to tell their secret out of the safety of their life but before they could do so , the mysterious figure turned them into a Spark Doll and bring forth Dark Zagi . The dark Ultraman quickly weakened Tomoya/Jean-nine in its frenzied combat skilled and nearly torn the robot until Ginga appeared and took over Jean-nine in the battle . Having fight in various continents around the world , both Ultra Warriors returned to the Mt . Furuboshi before they clashed their finishers , concluding the battle with Dark Zagi 's defeat .
Their Spark Doll was quickly recovered before Hikaru could find it . The group nonetheless return to their homes . Misuzu wondered if Hikaru 's mission had concluded but both them and Taro denied as such .
After the ending credits , the Spark Doll Theater casts felt asleep until the realized that their screen time is currently running , causing all of them to go frantic . Taro , whom was watching the incident from behind reminded the viewers that Ultraman Ginga would return to broadcast in November .
Cast
Mega Monster Rush : Ultra Frontier - Dino-Tank Hunting
:
:
:
:
:
Ultraman Ginga Thater Special
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Unknown figure ( Voice ) :
Ginga Spark Voice :
Spark Dolls Theater
:
:
:
, :
Songs
Opening theme
Lyrics & Composition :
Arrangement : Toshihiko Takamizawa with
Artist : Takamiy with
Verse 2 , which would be played in Ultraman Ginga episodes 7 to 11 .
Ending theme
`` Starlight ''
Lyrics & Composition & Arrangement :
Artist :
Verse 1 , the last to be played in the series before episodes 7 to 11 .
Insert theme
Lyrics : ,
Composition & Arrangement :
Artist : Voyager with ( Girl Next Door ) , , , Hikaru ( Takuya Negishi ) , Misuzu ( Mio Miyatake ) , Kenta ( Mizuki Ohno ) , Chigusa ( Kirara ) , Tomoya ( Takuya Kusakawa )
References
2013 films
2010s Japanese-language films
Ultra Series films
Shochiku films
2010s Japanese films
United States v. John , 437 U.S. 634 ( 1978 ) , was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that lands designated as a reservation in Mississippi are `` Indian country '' as defined by statute , although the reservation was established nearly a century after Indian removal and related treaties . The court ruled that , under the Major Crimes Act , the State has no jurisdiction to try a Native American for crimes covered by that act that occurred on reservation land .
Background
History
The Choctaw lived in Mississippi and other areas of the Southeast since well before the Revolutionary War , and were recognized by their treaty with the United States in 1786 . When Mississippi became a state in 1817 , the Choctaw still held three-quarters of the land in the state . There was pressure from European Americans on the federal government and state to open these lands for white settlement . Federal policy at that time was to encourage the removal of the Choctaw and other Native Americans to Indian Territory west of the Mississippi River , in what became present-day Oklahoma . In 1820 and again in 1830 , the tribe signed two treaties ceding almost all of their land in Mississippi to the United States .
By 1835 , most of the tribe had been removed to the Indian Territory , but many members stayed in Mississippi . In the 1890s the federal government became aware that not all the Choctaw had left . By 1916 , the Bureau of Indian Affairs ( BIA ) began to set aside funds to provide for some of the needs of the tribe .
In the 1930s , the Franklin D. Roosevelt administration encouraged the revival of Native American tribes with the passage of the Indian Reorganization Act . In 1939 Congress authorized funds to provide a reservation for what was to become the federally recognized Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians . In 1944 , the Secretary of the Interior set aside as an Indian reservation .
Major Crimes Act
Because Native American tribes were considered sovereign , crimes committed by Indians against Indians were not subject to federal or state jurisdiction , but were handled by tribal law . In 1881 , a Brulé Sioux named Crow Dog shot an killed another Indian , Spotted Tail , on the Great Sioux Reservation in South Dakota . Crow Dog was tried in federal court for murder , found guilty , and was sentenced to hang . They petitioned for a writ of habeas corpus to the Supreme Court .
In Ex Parte Crow Dog , the Supreme Court found that the federal government did not have jurisdiction to try the case . Crow Dog was ordered released , having made restitution under tribal law to Spotted Tail 's family , as was considered acceptable within the tribe .
In response to Ex Parte Crow Dog , Congress passed the Major Crimes Act in 1885 . The Act provided that the federal government had exclusive jurisdiction over certain Indian on Indian crimes when the crimes were committed in `` Indian country . '' In 1886 , the Act was upheld by the Supreme Court in United States v. Kagama .
Procedural history
In October 1975 , Smith John and their son , Harry Smith John were indicted for assault with intent to commit the murder of Artis Jenkins . All of the parties were Choctaw , and the assault occurred on the reservation . Both John and their son were tried in the Federal District Court and convicted of simple assault . John was sentenced to 90 days in jail and a $ 300 fine .
Subsequent to that trial , John and their son were indicted by a state grand jury in Leake County , Mississippi for aggravated assault , based on the same facts . John objected to state jurisdiction , which was denied . They were convicted and sentenced to two years in the state prison .
John appealed both convictions . In May 1997 , the Mississippi Supreme Court determined that the Indian title to the land was extinguished under the removal treaties . Under the treaties , the Mississippi Constitution , and Mississippi statutes , the Choctaw who remained in the state after removal became citizens of the United States and Mississippi , and thus subject to state law . Because of this , the state ruled that the reservation land in Mississippi is not sovereign `` Indian country . '' Following this ruling , the Fifth Circuit Court came to the same conclusion . It reversed the federal conviction on the grounds that the district court lacked jurisdiction . The United States appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court , which granted certiorari to hear the cases .
U.S. Supreme Court
Arguments
United States
The United States was represented by H. Bartow Farr III . The United States argued that the reservation land , where the crime was committed , was undisputably land purchased by the federal government in 1939 and held in trust from 1944 as an Indian reservation for the Mississippi Choctaw tribe . By the plain text of the statute , this gives the U.S. District Court jurisdiction , since the lands were `` within the limits of [ an ] Indian reservation . '' Even if , for the sake of argument , the United States had relinquished jurisdiction following the Indian Removal Act , Congress has plenary power under the U.S. Constitution 's Indian Commerce Clause to alter treaty terms and reassert jurisdiction . Finally , Congress has the right to assert jurisdiction over federal land under the Property Clause of the Constitution .
State of Mississippi
The State of Mississippi was represented by Carl F. Andre . Mississippi argued that the Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek ended the federal oversight of Choctaw Indians who remained in the state after 1833 . The state claimed that `` Mississippi Choctaw citizens did not become a tribe , did not live on a reservation in Indian country , and did not become wards of the federal government as a result of the Indian Reorganization Act ( 1934 ) and a proclamation of the Department of Interior ( 1944 ) . '' Since they are not tribal members , the provisions of the Major Crimes Act do not apply , and the state has jurisdiction .
Smith John
John was represented by Richard B. Collins . John argued that Mississippi could not rely on the Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek , as the entire treaty , with the exception of the land cessation , had been breached by the government in other actions . The superseding treaty of 1855 rendered the 1830 treaty irrelevant .
Amicus curiae
Amicus curiae briefs were filed in support of John and the United States by the Association on American Indian Affairs and the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians . No briefs were filed in support of Mississippi .
Opinion of the Court
Justice Harry Blackmun delivered the opinion of a unanimous court . Blackmun noted that the definition of Indian country in the statute included three separate types of land , and reservation land was applicable to this case . The test for determining if land was reservation land was if the land in question “ had been validly set apart for the use of the Indians as such , under the superintendence of the Government. ” Blackmun observed that Congress declared that the lands were held in trust for the Mississippi Choctaw in 1939 , and that this was further clarified in 1944 when the land was declared to be their reservation .
They said that the reliance of both Mississippi and the Fifth Circuit that the Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek ended the status of the Mississippi Choctaw as Indians was misplaced , as the Indian Commerce Clause still granted Congress the authority to deal with them . Since the land in question is an Indian reservation , § 1153 applies . The federal government has exclusive jurisdiction over the crime in question , and the State of Mississippi is without jurisdiction . The ruling reversed and remanded the decision of the Fifth Circuit , and reversed the decision of the Mississippi Supreme Court .
Subsequent developments
Nearly a decade later the Mississippi Choctaw tribe litigated an Indian adoption case , Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians v. Holyfield , under the recently passed Indian Child Welfare Act . That act gave tribal courts exclusive jurisdiction on adoptions in which the child 's parents lived on a reservation . The Mississippi Supreme Court had denied the tribal court 's jurisdiction and found for the Holyfields , non-Choctaw who had adopted a child removed from the family . The tribe took it to the U.S. Supreme Court and won ; this ruling gave federally recognized Native American tribes more control over the future of their children whose parents lived on reservations .
The John decision has also influenced decisions on other civil issues in the late 20th century , such as taxation . In two Supreme Court cases from Oklahoma dealing with state taxation of Indians , the Court referred to its decision in John to declare that trust land was classified as being in `` Indian country '' , where the state had no authority to tax Indians .
See also
List of Choctaw Treaties
Footnotes
References
External links
1978 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
United States Native American criminal jurisdiction case law
Native American history of Mississippi
Florida was admitted to the Union on March 3 , 1845 , and elects its U.S. senators to Class 1 and Class 3 . Florida 's U.S. Senate seats were declared vacant in March 1861 , due to its secession from the Union . They were filled again in July 1868 . The state is currently represented by Republicans Marco Rubio ( serving since 2011 ) and Rick Scott ( serving since 2019 ) . Duncan U. Fletcher was Florida 's longest-serving senator ( 1909–1936 ) .
List of senators
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=3 | 1
| rowspan=3 align=left | David Levy Yulee
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | July 1 , 1845 –March 3 , 1851
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1845.Lost re-election .
| rowspan=3 | 1
|
| rowspan=2 | 1
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1845.Retired .
| rowspan=2 nowrap | July 1 , 1845 –March 3 , 1849
| rowspan=2 | Democratic
| rowspan=2 align=right | James Westcott
! rowspan=2 | 1
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1848.Retired .
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4 , 1849 –March 3 , 1855
| rowspan=3 | Whig
| rowspan=3 align=right | Jackson Morton
! rowspan=3 | 2
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=5 | 2
| rowspan=5 align=left | Stephen Mallory
| rowspan=5 | Democratic
| rowspan=5 nowrap | March 4 , 1851 –January 21 , 1861
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1851 .
| rowspan=3 | 2
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=4 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1855.Withdrew .
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4 , 1855 –January 21 , 1861
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | David Levy Yulee
! rowspan=3 | 3
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1857.Withdrew .
| rowspan=4 | 3
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=2
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=5 colspan=3 | Vacant
| rowspan=5 nowrap | January 21 , 1861 –June 17 , 1868
| rowspan=5 | Civil War and Reconstruction .
| rowspan=6 | Civil War and Reconstruction .
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 21 , 1861 –June 25 , 1868
| rowspan=6 colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=5 | 4
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 5
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=2 | 3
| rowspan=2 align=left | Adonijah Welch
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 nowrap | June 17 , 1868 –March 3 , 1869
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish term.Retired .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Elected to finish term.Retired .
| rowspan=3 nowrap | June 25 , 1868 –March 3 , 1873
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Thomas W. Osborn
! rowspan=3 | 4
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 align=left | Abijah Gilbert
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4 , 1869 –March 3 , 1875
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1868 or 1869.Retired .
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1872 or 1873.Retired .
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4 , 1873 –March 3 , 1879
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Simon B. Conover
! rowspan=3 | 5
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=6 | 5
| rowspan=6 align=left | Charles W. Jones
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4 , 1875 –March 3 , 1887
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1875 .
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1879 .
| rowspan=7 nowrap | March 4 , 1879 –March 3 , 1891
| rowspan=7 | Democratic
| rowspan=7 align=right | Wilkinson Call
! rowspan=11 | 6
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1881.Retired .
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=4 | 8
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1885 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | March 4 , 1887 –May 19 , 1887
|
| rowspan=5 | 8
| rowspan=2
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=9 | 6
| rowspan=9 align=left | Samuel Pasco
| rowspan=9 | Democratic
| rowspan=9 nowrap | May 19 , 1887 –April 18 , 1899
| rowspan=4 | Elected late to finish term in 1887 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=2
| rowspan=4 | 9
| Legislature failed to elect .
| nowrap | March 4 , 1891 –May 26 , 1891
| colspan=2 | Vacant
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Elected late in 1891.Retired .
| rowspan=3 nowrap | May 26 , 1891 –March 3 , 1897
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | Wilkinson Call
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=4 | Appointed to begin next term as legislature had failed to elect.Elected in 1893 to finish term .
| rowspan=4 | 9
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=2
| rowspan=6 | 10
| Legislature failed to elect .
| nowrap | March 4 , 1897 –May 13 , 1897
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=5 | Elected late in 1897 .
| rowspan=8 nowrap | May 14 , 1897 –December 23 , 1907
| rowspan=8 | Democratic
| rowspan=8 align=right | Stephen Mallory II
! rowspan=8 | 7
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| Appointed to begin next term as legislature had failed to elect.Lost election to finish term .
| rowspan=5 | 10
| rowspan=3
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | April 18 , 1899 –April 20 , 1899
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=10 | 7
| rowspan=10 align=left | James Taliaferro
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
| rowspan=10 nowrap | April 20 , 1899 –March 3 , 1911
| rowspan=3 | Elected to finish Pasco 's term .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=7 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to begin the term as legislature had failed to elect.Elected in 1903 to finish term.Died .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=7 | Appointed to begin the term as legislature had failed to elect.Re-elected in 1905 to finish term.Lost re-election .
| rowspan=7 | 11
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=5
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| nowrap | December 23 , 1907 –December 26 , 1907
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| Appointed to finish Mallory 's term.Died .
| nowrap | December 26 , 1907 –March 22 , 1908
| | Democratic
| align=right | William James Bryan
! 8
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| nowrap | March 22 , 1908 –March 27 , 1908
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| Appointed to finish Mallory 's term.Retired .
| nowrap | March 27 , 1908 –March 3 , 1909
| | Democratic
| align=right | William Hall Milton
! 9
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to begin the term.Elected in 1909 to finish the term .
| rowspan=16 nowrap | March 4 , 1909 –June 17 , 1936
| rowspan=16 | Democratic
| rowspan=16 align=right | Duncan U. Fletcher
! rowspan=16 | 10
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 align=left | Nathan P. Bryan
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4 , 1911 –March 3 , 1917
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to begin the term.Elected in 1911 to finish the term.Lost renomination .
| rowspan=3 | 12
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1914 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=10 | 9
| rowspan=10 align=left | Park Trammell
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
| rowspan=10 nowrap | March 4 , 1917 –May 8 , 1936
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1916 .
| rowspan=3 | 13
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1920 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1922 .
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1926 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1928 .
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=8 | 16
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1932.Died .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| Re-elected in 1934.Died .
| rowspan=8 | 16
| rowspan=6
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | May 8 , 1936 –May 26 , 1936
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 align=left | Scott Loftin
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | May 26 , 1936 –November 3 , 1936
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Trammell 's term.Successor elected .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| nowrap | June 17 , 1936 –July 1 , 1936
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| Appointed to continue Fletcher 's term.Retired when successor qualified .
| nowrap | July 1 , 1936 –November 3 , 1936
| | Democratic
| align=right | William Luther Hill
! 11
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=6 | 11
| rowspan=6 align=left | Charles O. Andrews
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 nowrap | November 4 , 1936 –September 18 , 1946
| rowspan=3 | Elected to finish Trammell 's term .
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish Fletcher 's term .
| rowspan=10 nowrap | November 4 , 1936 –January 3 , 1951
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
| rowspan=10 align=right | Claude Pepper
! rowspan=10 | 12
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1938 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1940.Died .
| rowspan=5 | 17
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 18
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1944.Lost renomination .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | September 18 , 1946 –September 25 , 1946
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=13 | 12
| rowspan=13 align=left | Spessard Holland
| rowspan=13 | Democratic
| rowspan=13 nowrap | September 25 , 1946 –January 3 , 1971
| Appointed to finish Andrews 's term .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1946 .
| rowspan=3 | 18
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1950 .
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3 , 1951 –January 3 , 1969
| rowspan=9 | Democratic
| rowspan=9 align=right | George Smathers
! rowspan=9 | 13
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1952 .
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 20
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1956 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1958 .
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1962.Retired .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1964.Retired .
| rowspan=3 | 21
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=4 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1968.Retired and resigned early .
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3 , 1969 –December 31 , 1974
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Edward Gurney
! rowspan=3 | 14
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=11 | 13
| rowspan=11 align=left | Lawton Chiles
| rowspan=11 | Democratic
| rowspan=11 nowrap | January 3 , 1971 –January 3 , 1989
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1970 .
| rowspan=4 | 22
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=2
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| Appointed to finish Gurney 's term , having been elected to the next term .
| rowspan=4 nowrap | January 1 , 1975 –December 31 , 1980
| rowspan=4 | Democratic
| rowspan=4 align=right | Richard Stone
! rowspan=4 | 15
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=4 | 23
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1974.Lost renomination and resigned early .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1976 .
| rowspan=4 | 23
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=2
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| Appointed to finish Stone 's term , having been elected to the next term .
| rowspan=4 nowrap | January 1 , 1981 –January 3 , 1987
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 align=right | Paula Hawkins
! rowspan=4 | 16
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 24
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1980.Lost re-election .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1982.Retired .
| rowspan=3 | 24
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 25
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1986 .
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3 , 1987 –January 3 , 2005
| rowspan=9 | Democratic
| rowspan=9 align=right | Bob Graham
! rowspan=9 | 17
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=6 | 14
| rowspan=6 align=left | Connie Mack III
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3 , 1989 –January 3 , 2001
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1988 .
| rowspan=3 | 25
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 26
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1992 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1994.Retired .
| rowspan=3 | 26
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 27
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.Retired .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=10 | 15
| rowspan=10 align=left | Bill Nelson
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
| rowspan=10 nowrap | January 3 , 2001 –January 3 , 2019
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2000 .
| rowspan=3 | 27
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=4 | 28
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2004.Resigned .
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3 , 2005 –September 9 , 2009
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Mel Martínez
! rowspan=3 | 18
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 2006 .
| rowspan=4 | 28
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=2
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| Appointed to finish Martínez 's term.Retired .
| nowrap | September 9 , 2009 –January 3 , 2011
| | Republican
| align=right | George LeMieux
! 19
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 29
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2010 .
| rowspan=7 nowrap | January 3 , 2011 –Present
| rowspan=7 | Republican
| rowspan=7 align=right | Marco Rubio
! rowspan=7 | 20
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2012.Lost re-election .
| rowspan=3 | 29
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=4 | 30
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 2016 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | January 3 , 2019 –January 8 , 2019
|
| rowspan=4 | 30
| rowspan=2
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 align=left | Rick Scott
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 8 , 2019 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2018.Delayed their inauguration to finish their term as Governor of Florida .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=2 | 31
| rowspan=2 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2024 election .
| 31
|
Living former senators
, there are five living former U.S. senators from Florida . The most recent senator to die was Richard Stone ( served 1975–1980 ) on July 28 , 2019 . The most recently serving senator to die was Lawton Chiles ( served 1971–1989 ) on December 12 , 1998 .
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
List of United States representatives from Florida
United States congressional delegations from Florida
References
Party Division in the Senate , 1789-Present , via Senate.gov
Florida
United States Senators
The Personal Use of Marijuana by Responsible Adults Act of 2008 was a bill in the United States House of Representatives introduced by Barney Frank ( D-MA ) in the 110th congress on April 17 , 2008 as . The bill had a total of 8 cosponsors . Its passage would have eliminated federal criminal penalties for possession of up to and nonprofit transfer of up to an ounce of cannabis under the Controlled Substances Act . It does not change the regulation on the manufacturing or the sale of cannabis . It is the first bill of its kind to be introduced at the federal level in the U.S. since 1984 .
The bill incorporates the basic recommendations of the National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse ( also known as the Shafer Commission ) . The commission published its findings in 1972 and recommended that then-president Richard Nixon decriminalize possession of marijuana in amounts that constituted `` simple possession . ''
The National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) , the Marijuana Policy Project ( MPP ) , and the Drug Policy Alliance ( DPA ) had a large hand in the formation of bill , working closely with Rep. Frank . The bill also as mentioned earlier relied heavily also on information and advice from the federally funded National Commission on Marijuana and Drug Abuse .
Rep. Frank says that it 's time `` for the politicians to catch up with the public on this . The notion that you lock people up for smoking marijuana is pretty silly . ''
The bill died in committee as it was not passed through the House committee prior to the end of the 110th Congress . It has been re-introduced in the 111th Congress as H.R . 2943 , the Personal Use of Marijuana by Responsible Adults Act of 2009 with ten cosponsors .
Supporters
People
Barney Frank , J.D . ( D-MA ) U.S. Representative , bill sponsor
Ron Paul , M.D . ( R-TX ) , U.S. Representative , bill cosponsor
Barbara Lee , M.S.W. , ( D-CA ) , U.S. Representative
Tammy Baldwin , J.D. , ( D-WI ) , U.S. Representative , bill cosponsor
William Lacy Clay , Jr. , ( D-MO ) , U.S. Representative
Earl Blumenauer , J.D. , ( D-OR ) , U.S. Representative , bill cosponsor
Pete Stark , M.B.A. , ( D-CA ) , U.S. Representative , bill cosponsor
Zoe Lofgren , J.D. , ( D-CA ) , U.S. Representative , bill cosponsor
Jim McDermott , M.D. , ( D-WA ) , U.S. Representative , bill cosponsor
Organizations
Congressional Black Caucus
Drug Policy Alliance ( DPA )
Marijuana Policy Project ( MPP )
NORML
Opponents
Office of National Drug Control Policy ( ONDCP ) David Murray
See also
Personal Use of Marijuana by Responsible Adults Act of 2009
Massachusetts Sensible Marijuana Policy Initiative
Adult lifetime cannabis use by country
Annual cannabis use by country
Decriminalization of non-medical marijuana in the United States
Health issues and the effects of cannabis
Illegal drug trade
Legal and medical status of cannabis
Legality of cannabis by country
Removal of cannabis from Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act
Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs
References
External links
Summary of HR 5843
Cannabisnews.com
`` PUMRAA '' action page
Ron Paul
Proposed legislation of the 110th United States Congress
Cannabis law in the United States
An embassy chapel is a place of worship within a foreign mission . Historically they have sometimes acted as clandestine churches , tolerated by the authorities to operate discreetly . Since embassies are exempt from the host country 's laws , a form of extraterritoriality , these chapels were able to provide services to prohibited and persecuted religious groups . For example , Catholic embassy chapels in Great Britain provided services while Catholicism was banned under the Penal Laws . A similar role was filled for Protestants by the Prussian embassy chapel in Rome , where Protestantism was unlawful until 1871 . Upon laws granting freedom of religion , these embassy chapels have often become regularized churches and parishes , such as that of the Dutch embassy chapel to the Ottoman Empire , now The Union Church of Istanbul .
History
Early modern embassy staff , who commonly lived in the ambassadorial residence , were permitted to have in-house chapels and chaplains , especially where , in the wake of the Reformation , they lived in a country that banned their religious faith . These soon drew members of the same faith to join the worship services in the embassy . The Dutch Republic sponsored chapels in twelve of its embassies , which acted as churches for local Reformed Protestants . Leopold I , Holy Roman Emperor sponsored chapels wherever they could , `` that Catholic services might be held to comfort the Catholics of the area , and to promote the further growth of this religion . '' By the late eighteenth century , a new legal principle had come into being , extraterritoriality , according to which `` the ambassador and the precincts of the embassy stood as if on the soil of their homeland , subject only to its laws . '' As religious freedom advanced with time , many of the embassy chapels lost their function as safe havens and were converted into churches proper or dismissed .
Catholic embassies in London
During the reign of Elizabeth I , Catholicism was gradually outlawed in England , and Catholic masses and worship were prohibited , particularly after the Oath of Supremacy of 1559 . With the `` Act to retain the Queen 's Majesty 's subjects in their obedience '' , passed in 1581 , the celebration of Mass was prohibited under penalty of a fine of two hundred marks and imprisonment for one year for the celebrant , and a fine of one hundred marks and the same imprisonment for those who heard the Mass . The reign of Charles I ( 1625–49 ) saw a small revival of Catholicism in England , especially among the upper classes . As part of their royal marriage settlement , Charles 's Catholic wife , Henrietta Maria , was permitted their own royal chapel ( the Queen 's Chapel in London , as well as a chapel at Somerset House ) and chaplain .
Ambassadors of Catholic nations sought to provide relief for persecuted English Catholics by protecting worship at their chapels with diplomatic immunity . The English government attempted unsuccessfully several times to dissuade such use of the Spanish and Portuguese embassies between 1563 and 1611 . In 1610 , James I asked foreign ambassadors not to allow English priests to celebrate at , or English Catholics to attend , their chapels , but only the Venetian ambassador complied . Starting in 1624 , several arrests of English Catholics leaving these embassy chapels were made , which irritated the French ambassador , the Marquis of Blainville . On March 10 , 1630 , an order in council forbade Catholics to hear Mass at the embassies . The next Sunday , as reported by the Venetian ambassador , guards were placed in front of the French , Venetian and Spanish embassies , and Catholics were arrested as they left the premises ; afterwards the Spanish ambassador , Don Carlos Coloma , unsuccessfully tried to obtain their release . Coloma diffused the issue by taking residence in the countryside , and demanding that the English government punish those who had violated their diplomatic immunity . Five years later , on April 12 , 1635 , the council directed Sir John Coke to inform the ambassadors that their diplomatic rights would not be infringed upon , but that penal laws against Catholics would be pursued . When a priest who had said Mass was captured and escaped to the house of the French ambassador Henri de Saint-Nectaire , where they were then recaptured , they were set free because of the right of extraterritoriality , and their pursuers were punished . Over time , enforcement of the law became lenient ; Venetian ambassador Anzolo Corer wrote in 1636 that Mass at the chapel of the Queen and at the embassies was `` frequented with freedom . '' In 1637 , large crowds attended Mass daily at the Spanish embassy .
In eighteenth-century London , there were chapels in the French , Spanish , Florentine , Venetian ( in the Haymarket ) , Portuguese ( originally in Golden Square , then in South Street , Grosvenor Square ) , Austrian ( on Hanover Street ) , Neapolitan ( in Soho Square ) , Bavarian ( on Warwick Street ) and Sardinian embassies . In London , the streets outside the houses and house chapels of the Spanish , French and Venetian embassies were the scenes of public protests , sometimes violent . The police sometimes attempted to detain British people who attended Catholic services in the embassy chapels . Embassy chapels led to diplomatic tension between the English government and the Catholic governments who operated the embassies between 1625 and 1660 . In the eighteenth century , English subjects ceased to be harassed for attending services at the Sardinian embassy . On Easter Sunday 1772 James Boswell and Pasquale Paoli `` worshipped together at the Sardinian Chapel . '' When Catholic worship became allowed in London in 1791 with the Roman Catholic Relief Act , the Bavarian , Sardinian and Spanish embassy churches were converted into churches , while the others ( Venetian , Neapolitan , Imperial , French and Florentine ) were dismissed .
List
In London
Sardinian Embassy Chapel
Spanish Embassy Chapel , now St James 's , Spanish Place
Royal Bavarian Chapel ( Portuguese and then Bavarian embassy )
French , Florentine , Neapolitan , Venetian , and Austrian embassies ( non extant today )
Russian Orthodox Chapel , former Russian Embassy in Welbeck Street
St Etheldreda 's Church
British chapels abroad
St George 's chapel in the British Embassy in Madrid , today St George 's Anglican Church
Chapel and English Cemetery in the British Consulate in Málaga
British Embassy Chapel in Paris
Christ Church , Jerusalem , the seat of the Anglican Diocese of Jerusalem , located on the site of the British Consulate until World War 1
Other
Prussian Embassy chapel in the Cottarelli Palace in Rome
Prussian embassy chapel in Turin , which hosted the Waldensian community before it was legalized in 1848
The Union Church of Istanbul , which started as the Dutch embassy chapel in Istanbul
Our Lady of Divine Providence Chapel , Kabul , the chapel of the Italian Embassy
Chapel of the Transfiguration , Ashgabat ( Apostolic nunciature in Turkmenistan )
Dormition of the Most Holy Theotokos Church in Beijing ( Russian Embassy )
Saint Catherine Russian Orthodox Church in Rome ( Russian Embassy )
Church of the Metamorphosis ( Kottakis ) ( Russian embassy in Athens )
Church of Saint Benoit , Istanbul and St Louis of the French chapels in Istanbul ( French embassy )
Spanish embassy chapel in Istanbul
Orthodox chapel in the Russian embassy in Turin
Orthodox church of Saint Catherine in the gardens of the Russian embassy in Rome ( active ) .
See also
House church
Clandestine church
References
Further reading
Harting , Johanna H. History of the Sardinian Chapel , Lincoln 's Inn Fields . London : R. & T. Washbourne , 1905 .
Kaplan , Benjamin J. , Religious Conflict and the Practice of Toleration in Early Modern Europe , Harvard University Press , 2007
Trimble , William Raleigh . “ The Embassy Chapel Question , 1625–1660. ” The Journal of Modern History , vol . 18 , no . 2 , 1946 , pp . 97–107 . JSTOR , JSTOR , www.jstor.org/stable/1872115 .
Religious persecution
Diplomatic immunity and protection
The Somawathiya Chaitya ( , ) is a Buddhist Stupa situated in the ancient city of Polonnaruwa , Sri Lanka . Chaitya premises are called the Somawathiya Rajamaha Viharaya .
The Somawathiya Chaitya is located within the Somawathiya National Park on the left bank of the Mahaweli River , and is believed to have been built long before the time of Dutugamunu enshrining the right canine Relic of the tooth of the Buddha . It is attributed to the reign of King Kavan Tissa - Dutugemunu 's father - who ruled Magama . Somawathiya is therefore much older than Ruwanwelisaya , Mirisawetiya Vihara or Jetavanaramaya .
The stupa is named after Princess Somawathi , the sister of King Kavantissa , and the wife of regional ruler Prince Giri Abhaya . The prince built the stupa to enshrine the right tooth relic of the Buddha , obtained from Arahat Mahinda , and named the stupa after the princess . Upon completion of the stupa and other constructions , the prince and princess handed over the temple to Arahat Mahinda and other monks .
Gallery
See also
Ancient Constructions of Sri Lanka
Atamasthana
Buddhism
Mahawamsa
References
Other reading
Religious buildings and structures in Polonnaruwa
Buddhist temples in Polonnaruwa District
Stupas in Sri Lanka
Archaeological protected monuments in Polonnaruwa District
The 1948 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 17th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship , the Gaelic Athletic Association 's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18 .
Tyrone entered the championship as defending champions .
On 26 September 1948 , Tyrone won the championship following an 0-11 to 1-5 defeat of Dublin in the All-Ireland final . This was their second All-Ireland title overall and their second in succession .
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Eddie Devlin of Tyrone becomes the first player to captain a team to two All-Ireland titles .
References
1948
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Bob and Mike Bryan were the defending champions , but lost in the quarterfinals to Marcel Granollers and Marc López .
Julien Benneteau and Édouard Roger-Vasselin won the title and ended a thirty-year drought of victories by French players in Men 's Doubles at the French Open . They won against Marcel Granollers and Marc López 6–3 , 7–6 ( 7–1 ) in the final .
Seeds
Main draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
Main Draw
2014 French Open – Men 's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Men 's Doubles
French Open by year – Men 's doubles
Butterfly Pond , also known as Aldrich Brook , is a body of water in the town of Lincoln , in Providence County , Rhode Island .
References
Lakes of Providence County , Rhode Island
Lakes of Rhode Island
Lincoln , Rhode Island
Peter Frohmader ( 9 May 1958 – 2 May 2022 ) was a German electronic composer , musician and visual artist . They were also known by the pseudonym Nekropolis , a name under which they released several early works . Taking cues from Carl Orff , Magma , Glenn Branca , and Black Sabbath , Frohmader was recognized for their nightmarish and gothic compositions and as an important figure on the European progressive electronic scene .
Biography
Peter Frohmader was born on 9 May 1958 in Munich , Germany and began listening to electronic music such as Tangerine Dream and Ash Ra Tempel when they were twelve years old . They quickly began composing music of their own and started several bands such as Alpha Centauri , an avant-garde band ; Electronic Delusion , a Tangerine Dream inspired electronic band ; and Kanaan , which was an electronic music outfit with jazz rock leanings .
In 1979 they formed a rock band , CIA , and began working as Nekropolis on more experimental projects . Some of their music was performed on industrial and domestic tools , as well as on self-made instruments and electronic media . Their influence was noted by bands such as The Sisters of Mercy , Throbbing Gristle , and Deine Lakaien , and they became better known in Japan , the U.S. and Britain than in Germany . Their music was `` characterized by a fondness for the nightmarish and the fantastic '' .
They died , apparently from a heart attack , on 2 May 2022 , at the age of 63 .
Discography
References
External links
1958 births
2022 deaths
German electronic musicians
Musicians from Munich
20th-century German musicians
20th-century German male musicians
21st-century German musicians
21st-century German male musicians
Anjal Petti 520 ( ) is a 1969 Indian Tamil-language comedy film directed by T. N. Balu and produced by N. Vasudeva Menon . The film stars Sivaji Ganesan , B. Saroja Devi , M. N. Nambiar and Nagesh . The film had musical score by R. Govardhanam .
Plot
Prabhu is Chennai Manager in baby food company whose head office at Madurai . They are very talented Manager and their MD assures them promotion to General Manager position . Suddenly Prabhu gets information as their MD is not giving promotion . Prabhu becomes angry and writes their resignation abusing their company MD . And they drop the letter in Post box 520 ( Anjalpetti 520 ) . Next day Prabhu receives telegram bringing their promotion . Then Prabhu realises their mistake and willing to take back the letter they posted to Post box 520 . There starts the story and they 're chasing the letter and they got messed up with conspiracy by villains and finally they come out from all problems .
Cast
Sivaji Ganesan as Prabhu
B. Saroja Devi as Saratha
Major Sundarrajan as Sivachidambaram
M. N. Nambiar as Nagarajan
S. V. Ramadas as Moorthy
K. D. Santhanam as Somasundaram
Senthamarai as Karmegam
R. Balasubramaniam as Kanagasabai
K. R. Ramsingh as Mangat
K. A. Thangavelu as Kanakkappar
Nagesh as Chandru/Stephan
Manorama as Stella
Thengai Srinivasan as Ananth
Venniradai Moorthy as Somu
Suruli Rajan as Ramanujam
Typist Gopu as Gopu
O . A. K. Thevar as Climax Lawyer
Vijaya Lalitha as Dancer
Seethalakshmi as Prabhu Aunty
Natarajan Iyer as Climax Judge
S. A. Kannan as Ravanamoorthy
Natarajan as Court Dawali
Comedy Shanmugam as Post Man
Soundtrack
The music was composed by R. Govardhanam , while lyrics were written by Kannadasan and Vaali .
Reception
The Indian Express wrote , `` Stringing together a few incidents , interesting in themselves but violating logic does not guarantee good entertainment , let alone make a novel movie . ''
References
External links
1960s Tamil-language films
1969 comedy films
1969 films
Indian black-and-white films
Indian comedy films
The Livingston County Daily Press & Argus is a daily newspaper published in Howell , Michigan and owned by Gannett . It covers news and sports within Livingston County and had offices in both Howell and Brighton . The Brighton office closed in December 2008 . Its printing facility is located in Howell Township . It publishes every day , except Saturday .
History
The newspaper 's roots can be traced back to 1843 and the Livingston Courier . It was the county 's first and only newspaper until Howell resident George W. Lee launched the Livingston Republican in 1855 . In 1857 the Courier folded , was purchased by a Democrat and renamed the Livingston Democrat . That paper folded in 1890 and was bought by a group of Democrats , who ran it until 1928 .
One year later , the Democrat and Republican merged to become the Livingston County Republican Press . In 1937 the paper shortened its name to the Livingston County Press . In 1993 the state designated the paper a registered historic site . On September 7 , 2000 , two weekly newspapers , The Brighton Argus and Livingston County Press , merged and became what is currently known as the Livingston County Daily Press & Argus .
Gannett , which also runs the Lansing State Journal and Detroit Free Press , bought the newspaper from the HomeTown Communications Network in April 2005 . The newspaper saw an increase in circulation in 2009 after the Ann Arbor News became AnnArbor.com , reducing its publishing days to twice a week , and the Flint Journal reduced its publishing days to three days a week .
Notes
References
Gannett company profile
Audit Bureau of Circulations 2006 report
Michigan Historical Markers
External links
Official site
Official mobile site
Gannett publications
Newspapers published in Michigan
Publications established in 1843
1843 establishments in Michigan
Reg Nicholls may refer to :
Reg Nicholls ( footballer )
Reg Nicholls ( athlete )
Khailad is a village development committee in Kailali District But now it is combined with Bhajani Municipality in the Seti Zone of western Nepal . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5734 living in 610 individual households .
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Robert Adolf Naef ( 22 July 1907 – 13 March 1975 ) was a Swiss astronomer . A banker by profession , in their spare time , for 50 years they worked at the Urania Observatory in Zurich . In 1941 they created the nautical almanac Der Sternenhimmel .
Legacy
1906 Naef , a stony asteroid named after Naef
Observatory Naef Épendes at Épendes , Switzerland , named after Naef
References
1907 births
1975 deaths
20th-century Swiss astronomers
Swiss bankers
1980 ACC Tournament may refer to :
1980 ACC men 's basketball tournament
1980 ACC women 's basketball tournament
1980 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Bernhard Kagan ( 15 August 1866 – 27 November 1932 , Berlin ) was a German chess player , writer , publisher , editor , and organizer .
Biography
Born in Poland , Kagan lived in Berlin , where they played in local tournaments . They took 7th in 1898 , tied for 7–9th in 1902 , took 6th in 1903 , shared 2nd in 1923 , and tied for 7–10th in 1925 . They also shared 4th at Hanover 1902 , tied for 6–7th at Ostend 1907 , and took 10th at Prague 1908 .
They organised several chess contests in Berlin at the end of World War I . Four grandmasters ( Emanuel Lasker , Akiba Rubinstein , Carl Schlechter and Siegbert Tarrasch ) participated in the strongest event . It took place in the Kerkau-Palast from 28 September until 11 October 1918 .
Kagan was an author of series of chess monographs ( among others on prodigy Samuel Reshevsky , Samuel Rzeschewski das Schachwunderkind , Berlin 1920 ) . They published Kagans Schachkatalog from 1917 to 1927 , and was an editor of the quarterly ( later monthly ) magazine Kagans Neueste Schachnachrichten ( Kagan 's latest chess news ) from 1921 to 1932 . Many of the great tournaments of the period appeared in supplements to the magazine .
References
Literature
Friedmann R. , Schachmeister Kagan zum 60 Geburtstage ( 1926 )
Kagan M. , Bernhard Kagan . Sein Lebensbild ( Berlin 1933 )
External links
Bernhard Kagan at 365Chess.com
1866 births
1932 deaths
Polish chess players
German chess players
Place of birth missing
Minuscule 346 ( in the Gregory-Aland numbering ) , is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament . The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 10th or 11th century . It is a member of Ferrar Group .
Text
In Luke 11:4 it reads καὶ μὴ εἰσενέγκῃς ἡμᾶς εἰς πειρασμοί ( with `` temptations '' in the plural ) , rather than καὶ μὴ εἰσενέγκῃς ἡμᾶς εἰς πειρασμόν ( with `` temptation '' in the singular ) .
History
Prior to the publication of Reuben Swanson 's series `` New Testament Greek Manuscripts '' , Swanson identified minuscule 1346 to be a member of Family 13 . This manuscript is not enumerated in index of Novum Testamentum Graece .
Bibliography
Reuben Swanson , , Title : New Testament Greek Manuscripts - Luke , Publisher : William Carey Int ' l Univ Press ( August 1 , 1998 ) , , , pp . ix .
Greek New Testament minuscules
10th-century biblical manuscripts
11th-century biblical manuscripts
Family 13
Tribbles homolog 2 is an atypical protein kinase that is encoded in human by the TRIB2 gene . TRIB2 is a pseudokinase member of the ( pseudoenzyme ) class of signaling/scaffold proteins , possessing little vestigial catalytic output in vitro . It is known to signal to canonical MAPK pathways and to regulate the ubiquitination of substrates with important functions in the immune system . It has also been associated with various diseases , especially in vertebrate leukaemia models . Like TRIB1 and TRIB3 , TRIB2 has recently been considered as a potential allosteric drug target , and is a putative regulator of cancer-associated signalling and survival through AKT pSer473 modulation
References
Further reading
EC 2.7.11
James Lindsay , 7th Lord Lindsay ( 1554-1601 ) , Scottish landowner .
James Lindsay was the son of Patrick Lindsay , 6th Lord Lindsay and Euphemia Douglas , daughter of Sir Robert Douglas of Lochleven and Margaret Erskine .
Lindsay was a gentleman of King James 's bedchamber .
They married Eupheme Leslie in 1573 , a daughter of Andrew Leslie , 5th Earl of Rothes and Grissel Hamilton .
They were an active Protestant , writing to Elizabeth I of England in favour of the Puritan preacher John Udall . In 1592 the printer Robert Waldegrave dedicated an edition of Dudley Fenner 's Certain Godly and Learned Treatises to him .
On 17 November 1592 Margaret Douglas , the heavily pregnant wife of the rebel Earl of Bothwell kneeled on the street before James VI as they were going to Edinburgh Castle , and after Lord Home and Lord Lindsay spoke in their favour they were allowed to kiss the king 's hand , who then spoke harshly of them and their husband . They were applauded and carried back to their lodging by well-wishers .
In January 1593 they led a group protesting at Holyrood Palace against the Catholic earls .
On 17 December 1596 they were involved in a riot at the Tolbooth Church in Edinburgh against the Octavians which was declared treason . Their property was forfeited . At first Anne of Denmark hoped to the profit of their goods as the dowry for one of their ladies-in-waiting .
References
1554 births
1601 deaths
16th-century Scottish people
Nancy Sorkin Rabinowitz is a classical scholar , specialising in ancient Greek literature and intersectional feminism .
Career
Sorkin Rabinowitz graduated from City College of New York and received their Ph.D. from University of Chicago for the thesis 'From force to persuasion : dragon battle imagery in Aeschylus ' Oresteia ' ( 1976 ) . Rabinowitz joined the faculty of Hamilton College in 1974 , where they are Margaret Bundy Scott Professor of Comparative Literature . They are an expert on ancient Greek tragedy , feminist theory , and modern literature .
Sorkin Rabinowitz is a member of the Society for Classical Studies , the Women 's Classical Caucus , and of the Lambda Classical Caucus ( formerly the Lesbian , Gay and Bisexual Caucus of APA ) . They contributed to the establishment of the SCS Affiliated Group Classics and Social Justice , in which they are responsible for the Prisons action committee . From 1995 to 2005 , they were Director of the Kirkland Project for the Study of Gender , Society , and Culture , at Hamilton College . In 1993 , they co-edited together with Amy Richlin one of the first volumes that discussed the importance of opening the field of Classics to the use of Feminist Theory .
Having previously collaborated with the Medea Project : Theatre for Incarcerated Women/HIV Circle , which uses arts and education as a form of social activism , they currently contribute to the Hamilton Oneida Prison Education ( HOPE ) project at Hamilton College , aimed at bringing classical texts and theatre beyond classroom teaching or elitist culture . Them edited collection , From Abortion to Pederasty : Addressing Difficult Topics in the Classics Classroom , coedited with Fiona McHardy , won the inaugural Teaching Literature Book Award in 2015 .
Selected bibliography
Anxiety Veiled : Euripides and the Traffic in Women . Ithaca , NY : Cornell , 1993 . ( hbk . ) , ( pbk . ) .
Women on the Edge : Four Plays by Euripides . Translator and editor , Euripides ' Alcestis . New York : Routledge , 1999. .
Greek Tragedy . Oxford : Wiley-Blackwell , 2008 . ( hbk . ) .
Edited volumes
Feminist Theory and the Classics ( co-editor with Amy Richlin ) . New York ; London : Routledge , 1993 . ( hbk . ) , ( pbk . ) .
Among Women : From the Homosocial to the Homoerotic in the Ancient World ( co-editor with Lisa Auanger ) . Austin : University of Texas Press , 2002 . Paperback edition , 2009. .
Vision and Viewing in Ancient Greece ( co-editor with Sue Blundell and Douglas Cairns ) . Special issue of Helios 40.1 and 2 ( 2013 ) .
From Abortion to Pederasty : Addressing Difficult Topics in the Classics Classroom ( co-editor with Fiona McHardy ) . Columbus Ohio State University Press , 2014. .
Sex in Antiquity : Exploring Gender and Sexuality in the Ancient World ( co-editor with Mark Masterson and James Robson ) . London ; New York , NY : Routledge , 2015. .
References
American classical scholars
Women classical scholars
Living people
Hamilton College ( New York ) faculty
Scholars of ancient Greek literature
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Susan Elise Riechert ( born October 20 , 1945 ) is an American behavioral ecologist known for their research on evolutionary game theory and the behavior of spiders . They are also known for their `` biology in a box '' teaching materials , used by hundreds of thousands of elementary and secondary school students in Tennessee . Until their retirement in 2020 , they worked at the University of Tennessee as UTK Distingushed Service Professor and as UTK Chancellors Professor of Ecology & Evolutionary Biology . They were president of the American Arachnological Society for 1983–1985 , and president of the Animal Behavior Society in 1997 .
Early life and education
Riechert lost much of their hearing through scarlet fever as a child . Them interest in spider behavior began through an undergraduate class in zoology at the University of Wisconsin–Madison . After nearly drowning trying to catch fish for the class , they switched to a subject that was safer to catch , spiders . Them interest was further piqued after they observed a large population of spiders exhibiting territorial behaviors that only vertebrates were thought to be capable of at the time . Research that they conducted based on this interest would lead to them to publish their `` seminal work '' , `` Games Spiders Play , '' in 1978 .
They earned a B.A . in 1967 , an M.A . in 1970 , and a Ph.D. in 1973 , all at the University of Wisconsin–Madison .
Career and Research
Knox news described Riechert as `` something of a pioneer - one of the first women to enter their field as an independent researcher . ''
Of particular note is the fact that several of their studies were focused on the effect that variations in a species had on the behavior of its members . In 1988 , they conducted a study that led them to hypothesize that riparian populations of Agelenopsis aperta could not fully adapt to their new environs because of gene flow from non-riparian populations of the species that lived nearby . In 1989 , Riechert co-authored a paper titled `` Genetically-based variation between two spider populations in foraging behavior , '' in which they and fellow arachnologist Ann Hendrick discussed how genetic differences in the population of one species can have an impact on the way they search for food .
Members of the genus Agelenopsis ( American grass spiders ) featured prominently in Riechert 's work , with the species Agelenopsis Aperta being mentioned several times . Riechert 's focus as a behavioral arachnologist led them to examine both the genetic and non-genetic reasons behind these spiders ' behaviors in various areas , such as feeding , maturation , and mating . The genus was , in fact , the topic of `` Games Spiders Play , '' Riechert 's landmark contribution to behavioral arachnology . In it , they demonstrated that the asupervisorstioned spiders engaged in territorial disputes similar to those seen in much larger creatures . Most spiders are not social animals , so this behavior was unexpected at the time . Riechert 's analysis would cement their place in the behavioral arachnology community .
Recognition
The Animal Behavior Society elected Riechert as a fellow in 1993 . In 2008 , Riechert was named a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , `` for distinguished contributions to the field of behavior and ecology '' . They won the Southeastern Conference Faculty Achievement Award for 2016 . The Animal Behavior Society gave Riechert their 2018 Penny Bernstein Distinguished Teaching Award . A festschrift symposium , sponsored by the Animal Behavior Society , was held in their honor in 2020 .
Notable associates
Jonathan Pruitt achieved a PhD with Riechert as their advisor and was able to attain prestigious positions in academia despite their youth thanks to their acclaimed publications . However , the validity and truthfulness of their research data was called into question in 2020 . Since then , many of the papers Pruitt co-authored have been retracted , others called into question , and papers from other authors which cited Pruitt 's compromised papers have had to have been corrected and updated . In November 2021 , University of Tennessee Knoxville removed Pruitt 's dissertation from its library that Riechert had supervised . Riechert said they were `` devastated '' by the news , but added that if Pruitt had truly falsified data , they had to `` pay the price '' .
References
External links
Home page
1945 births
Living people
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
University of Tennessee faculty
21st-century American biologists
American arachnologists
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Sanluri Calcio or simply Sanluri Calcio was an Italian association football club , based in Sanluri , Sardinia .
History
The club was founded in 2003 . After several years in the regional championships , in the 2008–09 season , they won Eccellenza Sardinia and so were promoted to Serie D for the first time . In its first Serie D season , in 2009–10 , the company finished in a positive fourth position on the table . Sanluri Calcio has been relegated in the 2010–11 season to Eccellenza Sardinia , after the playoff against Cynthia . The club , returned to the regional championships , was withdrawn in January 2015 , when played in Eccellenza Sardinia , because of some controversial referee 's decisions .
Colours and badge
The team 's colours were red and white .
References
External links
Official website
Diario Sportivo - Sanluri Calcio
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Sardinia
Association football clubs established in 2003
2003 establishments in Italy
The Kennedys of Massachusetts is a 1990 TV miniseries that aired on ABC . Focusing mainly on the fifty-four year marriage of Joseph P. Kennedy , Sr. and Rose Kennedy . The events depicted in the series are based upon the book by Doris Kearns Goodwin titled The Fitzgeralds and the Kennedys : An American Saga . The series aired across three nights , and earned an Emmy and a Golden Globe .
Synopsis
The series begins in Boston in 1906 , prior to John F. Fitzgerald being sworn in as city mayor . The Kennedys , as well as Fitzgerald 's daughters , most notably Rose attends the swearing in ceremony . Joe Kennedy is shown to be smitten with Rose . The first episode covers their courtship , education , marriage and growth of their family , as well as Joe 's affair with actor Gloria Swanson . Although Rose briefly leaves Joe , John persuades their daughter to return to their husband .
The second episode focuses on the eldest Kennedy children Joe Jr , Jack and Kathleen , as well Joe 's appointment as Ambassador to England . Joe Jr 's academic success and their father 's favouritism bothers Jack , who feels they are equally intelligent as their brother .
Cast
William Petersen as Joseph P. `` Joe '' Kennedy , Sr .
Annette O'Toole as Rose Kennedy
Charles Durning as John F. Fitzgerald
Tracy Pollan as Kathleen `` Kick '' Kennedy
Kelsey Nichols : Ages 8–9
Pat Hingle as P.J . Kennedy
Steven Weber as John F. `` Jack '' Kennedy
Christina Nikitas : Ages 2–3
Thomas Krajewski : Ages 9–12
Campbell Scott as Joseph P. `` Joe '' Kennedy , Jr .
Dante Magnani : Ages 2–4
Michael Goodwin : Ages 11–12
Madolyn Smith as Gloria Swanson
Olek Krupa as Erich Von Stroheim
Josef Sommer as Franklin D. Roosevelt
Randle Mell as Robert F. `` Bobby '' Kennedy
Will Gardner : Age 7
Casey Affleck : Ages 12–15
Kristen Kelly as Patricia Kennedy
Karen Chaffee : Ages 13–14
Ryan Shaugnessy and Matthew Dundas as Edward Moore `` Ted '' Kennedy : Shaughnessy plays Ted ages 5–6 , and Dundas plays them at ages 12–14 .
Beth Herzig as Jean Kennedy
Danielle Schonback : Ages 9–12
Deirdre Lovejoy as Rosemary Kennedy
Jennifer Walsh : Ages 1–4
Remi Nichols : Ages 8–11
Halina Radosz as Eunice Kennedy
Ratings
See also
Cultural depictions of John F. Kennedy
References
External links
Kennedy family
1990s American television miniseries
American biographical series
Films about John F. Kennedy
Films about Robert F. Kennedy
Cultural depictions of John F. Kennedy
Cultural depictions of Robert F. Kennedy
Cultural depictions of Franklin D. Roosevelt
American Broadcasting Company original programming
Kurt Gloor ( 8 November 1942 – 20 September 1997 ) was a Swiss film director , screenwriter and producer . They directed eleven films between 1967 and 1992 .
Their 1976 film The Sudden Loneliness of Konrad Steiner was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival . Five years later , their 1981 film The Inventor was entered into the 31st Berlin International Film Festival . In 1984 , their film Man Without Memory was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival .
They committed suicide shortly after completing their final film .
Filmography
Ffft ( 1967 )
Die Landschaftsgärtner ( 1969 )
Die grünen Kinder - Filmisch-empirisches Soziogramm ( 1972 )
Die besten Jahre ( 1974 )
The Sudden Loneliness of Konrad Steiner ( 1976 )
Em Lehme si Letscht ( 1977 )
Der Chinese ( 1980 )
The Inventor ( 1981 )
Man Without Memory ( 1984 )
William Tell ( 1992 )
References
External links
1942 births
1997 suicides
German-language film directors
Swiss film directors
Swiss screenwriters
Swiss film producers
20th-century screenwriters
Suicides in Switzerland
The men 's light heavyweight event was part of the boxing programme at the 1984 Summer Olympics . The weight class allowed boxers of up to 81 kilograms to compete . The competition was held from 30 July to 11 August 1984 . 24 boxers from 24 nations competed .
Schedule
All times are PDT ( UTC−8 ) .
Medalists
Results
The following boxers took part in the event :
First round
Michael Nassoro ( TNZ ) def . Juha Hanninen ( FIN ) , RSCH-1
Syivaus Okello ( KEN ) def . Ahmed El-Naggar ( EGY ) , RSC-3
Evander Holyfield ( USA ) def . Taju Akay ( GHA ) , RSC-3
Ismail Salman ( IRQ ) def . Anthony Longdon ( GRN ) , KO-2
Jean-Paul Nanga ( CMR ) def . Philip Pinder ( BAH ) , 5:0
Christer Corpi ( SWE ) def . Arcadio Fuentes ( PUR ) , KO-1
Kevin Barry ( NZL ) def . Don Smith ( TRI ) , 5:0
Jonathan Kiriisa ( UGA ) def . Djiguble Traoré ( MLI ) , 5:0
Second round
Mustapha Moussa ( ALG ) def . Drake Thadzi ( MLW ) , 5:0
Anthony Wilson ( GBR ) def . Roberto Oviedo ( ARG ) , RSC-1
Georgica Donici ( ROU ) def . Fine Sani ( TNG ) , 5:0
Anton Josipović ( YUG ) def . Markus Bott ( FRG ) , 4:1
Syivaus Okello ( KEN ) def . Michael Nassoro ( TNZ ) , 5:0
Evander Holyfield ( USA ) def . Ismail Salman ( IRQ ) , RSC-2
Jean-Paul Nanga ( CMR ) def . Christer Corpi ( SWE ) , 4:1
Kevin Barry ( NZL ) def . Jonathan Kiriisa ( UGA ) , 3:2
Quarterfinals
Mustapha Moussa ( ALG ) def . Anthony Wilson ( GBR ) , 5:0
Anton Josipović ( YUG ) def . Georgica Donici ( ROU ) , 5:0
Evander Holyfield ( USA ) def . Syivaus Okello ( KEN ) , KO-1
Kevin Barry ( NZL ) def . Jean-Paul Nanga ( CMR ) , 4:1
Semifinals
Anton Josipović ( YUG ) def . Mustapha Moussa ( ALG ) , 5:0
Kevin Barry ( NZL ) def . Evander Holyfield ( USA ) , DSQ-2
Holyfield was controversially disqualified for punching Barry after what seemed to be a stop . However , on a replay it is seen that the referee stopped the bout after their punches .
Final
Anton Josipović ( YUG ) def . Kevin Barry ( NZL ) , walk-over
Under IABA health regulation Barry was not allowed to box for 28 days , so they scratched from the final . During the medal ceremony , Josipović shared the highest step of the podium with Holyfield and raised their hand , thus acknowledging that Evander was the real winner .
References
Light Heavyweight
Johan Pootjes ( 19 March 1882 – 30 October 1944 ) was a Dutch painter . Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
References
1882 births
1944 deaths
20th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Painters from Amsterdam
20th-century Dutch male artists
Grands Rapids Union Station was a union station in Grand Rapids , Michigan . A Georgian Revival building of two stories , it was built in 1900 and was closed in 1958 and demolished over 1958 and 1959 to make space for a highway . Its address was 61 Ionia Avenue . It was a hub serving a few railroads going to different points in Michigan and other points in the Midwest .
History
In five years after the construction , 750,000 passengers passed through the station . In early decades , excursion Grand Rapids and Indiana Railroad trains to the station brought upwards to 2000 visitors on Sundays , coming from southern Michigan and Indiana .
Passenger services
The station served the Pere Marquette Railway ( after the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway acquired the PM in 1947 C & O trains passed through ) , Michigan Central Railroad and Pennsylvania Railroad ( which had acquired the GR & I ) . The Grand Trunk Western Railway and the New York Central Railroad were served at other stations in Grand Rapids . By 1946 , Michigan Central operations were entirely folded into New York Central operations .
Noteworthy passenger train service at 1950 included :
Chesapeake and Ohio Railway ( formerly the Pere Marquette Railway ) :
Pere Marquettes ( Detroit [ Fort Street Union Depot ] –Lansing–Grand Rapids )
Resort Special ( summer only night train , Chicago [ Central Station ] –Petoskey )
Grand Rapids–Petoskey ; unnamed segments in off-season
New York Central Railroad :
unnamed train ( Grand Rapids–Jackson–Detroit [ Michigan Central Station ] )
Pennsylvania Railroad :
Northern Arrow ( summer only night train , Cincinnati [ Cincinnati Union Terminal ] –Fort Wayne–Grand Rapids–Petoskey–Mackinaw City ; unnamed segments in off-season )
unnamed local train on same route as above
unnamed train timed to connect at Cincinnati to the Louisville & Nashville 's Southland , bound for Florida
Waning years
By the 1960s the Chesapeake and Ohio 's trains were the only trains serving the successor to the station . The Chicago–Grand Rapid trains were added to the appellation , the Pere Marquettes in 1965 . These trains ended in 1971 when C & O passed control of its passenger trains over to Amtrak .
Present-day station
In 1984 passenger trains returned with the introduction of Amtrak 's Pere Marquette trains between Chicago and Grand Rapids . In 2004 , the Vernon J. Ehlers Station , Grand Rapids ' new station , opened .
References
External links
Grand Rapids Historical Commission report , photos on page 5 , of the trainshed and the structure facing the street
Railway stations opened in 1900
Railway stations closed in 1958
1900 establishments in Michigan
Grand Rapids
Former Chesapeake and Ohio Railway stations
Former Pennsylvania Railroad stations
Former Pere Marquette Railway stations
Grand Rapids , Michigan
Buildings and structures in Grand Rapids , Michigan
Former railway stations in Michigan
Demolished railway stations in the United States
Nidamanuru is a part of Vijayawada in NTR district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh . It is located in Vijayawada ( rural ) mandal of Vijayawada revenue division . As per the G.O . No . M.S.104 ( dated:23-03-2017 ) , Municipal Administration and Urban Development Department , it became a part of Vijayawada metropolitan area . ( Total population 11,900 )
Geography
The Ryves Canal that originates from the Krishna river flows through the village and is the main source of irrigation and drinking .
Transport
State runs APSRTC bus services from Bus stand to Nidamanuru . It lies on National Highway 16 . Nidamanuru railway station serves with rail services . Nearest airport is Vijayawada international airport ( Gannavaram ) which is 9KM away .
Education
School of Planning and Architecture was established by Ministry of Human Resource Development , Government of India . ZPHS Nidamanuru was one of the best govt schools in AP . It caters to the Enikepadu , Gudavalli etc . The school has 75yr old history to it . The literacy percentage of this town 95 % . Currently Nidamanuru has the couple of Intermediate pvt colleges like Narayana and Chaitanya . The town is very close to the engineering colleges like Siddhartha Engineering , PVP Siddhartha institute of technology , and SRK institute of technology . Nidamanuru has Delhi public school available for the CBSE . Reputed institutes like KKR Gowtham international school available for the residential schooling
Banks
[ Nidamanuru ] has 2 major banks . SBI and AndhraBank . ICICI ATM , AndhraBank , SBI ATMs are available .
HDFC bank is available at Enikepadu .
Industries
Nidamanuru has Model Dairy ( Dairy products ) , Model steels ( currently closed ) ( Steel products ) , Incap ( capacitors limited )
Ashok Leyland , Vijayawada , and Pratap industries ( Steel and engineering products ) . Majority of the automotive show rooms like Volvo , Benz , Ashok leyland etc are available .
References
Neighbourhoods in Vijayawada
The Pemba sunbird ( Cinnyris pembae ) is a species of bird in the sunbird family . It is endemic to Pemba Island , in Tanzania .
A breeding pair were seen feeding their chicks in the characteristic hanging nest on Unguja Island in June 2018 .
References
Cinnyris
Pemba Island
Endemic birds of Tanzania
Birds described in 1905
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Northern Zanzibar–Inhambane coastal forest mosaic
Elma is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Borsselen ( also Borslem ) is an island in the Demerara River of Guyana , and was the capital of Demerara between 1755 and 1782 .
History
In 1745 , Demerara was created as a separate colony out of Essequibo , and was initially governed from Essequibo . The colony grew rapidly , and attracted many English planters . In 1755 , Gedney Clarke , a Barbados merchant requested political representation , therefore the administration was moved to the island of Borsselen , upriver near plantation Soesdyke which was owned by the Governor Laurens Storm van 's Gravesande . Two administrative buildings , a small fort and barracks were built on the island .
The decision was criticised , because the island was hard to defend , and the planters had started to build houses around the guard post near the mouth of the river . In 1765 , Jan Cornelis van den Heuvel became governor of Demarara . Van den Heuvel owned plantation de Parel across from the island , but the Dutch West India Company forced them to move to the island with their assistants and clerks . Arguments about the island continued for many years . The settlement near the guard post became known as Stabroek , and in 1782 became the capital of the colony . In 1812 , the town was renamed to Georgetown .
References
Bibliography
External links
The Wonderful Demerara River ( featuring a picture of the island )
Demerara
Geography of Essequibo Islands-West Demerara
History of Guyana
Populated places in Essequibo Islands-West Demerara
River islands of Guyana
Juanita Suzanne Coco ( 10 December 19752 May 1993 ) was an Australian child singer and variety performer who was a regular on the talent and variety television show , Young Talent Time . They appeared from 1987 to 1988 , from the age of 11 to 13 . Coco was often paired with Joey Dee for duets . They had replaced Vanessa Windsor on the show and was the 35th member to join . After the show 's demise , Coco worked with a professional cover band on a regular basis until their final year of high school ( Year 12 ) . They then formed a young band , Milk , who were working on original songs and about to start performing at the time of their death in 1993 .
Death
On 2 May 1993 , Juanita Coco attended their boyfriend , Scott Tiedgens ' , 20th birthday party in North Melbourne . At the end of the evening , they got into a Subaru wagon driven by a female friend of another guest , accompanied by Tiedgen , and their friend , Brad Lacey , 21 years old , and two other friends .
As the vehicle travelled through Malvern , it ran a red traffic light and was broadsided by another vehicle . Sitting in the back seat , Coco and Lacey were killed instantly due to the force of the impact . The driver survived with no injuries and Tiedgen survived with serious injuries . Coco was 17 when they died . A subsequent investigation found that the driver of the Subaru was under the influence of alcohol at the time of the accident ; manslaughter charges were later dropped in court .
Legacy
Juanita Coco 's mother Jenny Coco and their husband Patrick formed The Friends of the Donor Tissue Bank of Victoria , following their daughter 's donation of heart valve and corneas . Jenny , accompanied by a scientist from the Tissue Bank , gave talks to groups about the personal side of tissue donation and the importance of discussing it with family . Since their death , their former high school , St Helena Secondary College , has presented , The Juanita Coco Inspiration Award , to the person ( s ) who avidly carry on the spirit of Coco in their annual musical production . It is `` voted on by the cast and crew '' and the criteria include leadership , ability and compassion .
See also
Jessica Jacobs , an Australian child actor and singer who was killed in an accident whilst still a teenager
Charlotte Long , an English child actor who was killed in an accident whilst still a teenager
Jaclyn Linetsky , an American child singer who was killed in an accident whilst still a teenager
Rob Knox , an English male child actor who was murdered whilst still a teenager
References
External links
1975 births
1993 deaths
Road incident deaths in Victoria ( Australia )
Singers from Melbourne
20th-century Australian women singers
Australian child singers
Australian child actores
Australian people of Italian descent
Ball is a lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon . It was named after British astronomer William Ball . The formation is circular and symmetrical , and has received little significant wear . The interior is rough-surfaced , curving downward toward the relatively wide central peak at the midpoint .
The crater is situated on the rim of the more sizable Deslandres , to the west of the crater Lexell , and southeast of Gauricus . To the south is Sasserides , and further to the south-southwest is the prominent ray crater Tycho .
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Ball .
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Vicente Carattini ( November 11 , 1939 – November 7 , 2005 ) , was a singer and composer of Puerto Rican Christmas-related songs .
Early years
Carattini ( birth name : Ernesto Vicente Carattini ) was born and raised in the town of Cidra , Puerto Rico where they received their primary and secondary education . Their father realized that the young Carattini was fascinated with Puerto Rican folk music and presented them with a Puerto Rican cuatro . A cuatro is a Puerto Rican stringed instrument somewhat similar to a guitar but smaller in size . The Puerto Rican cuatro has five pairs of strings for a total of ten , and is different from the cuatro in other Latin American countries ( for example , the Venezuelan cuatro actually has four strings ) . At the age of nine , Carattini learned how to play the cuatro by asking those in town who knew how to play the instrument to teach him . In 1950 , their father gave them a better quality cuatro and a guitar .
In 1956 , when Carattini was 15 years old , they formed the `` Trío Los Juglares '' , which dedicated itself to singing boleros . The trio included the vocals of Felito Félix and performed basically in Cidra . However , Felito Félix left the following year and the trio was dissolved .
Carattini continued to go to school and graduated from the Jesus T. Piñero high school of Cidra . In 1958 , they enrolled in the Catholic University of Puerto Rico in Ponce and after one year transferred to the University of Puerto Rico in Río Piedras . In 1960 , they earned their teacher 's certificate and in 1961 their Bachelor of Science degree . They returned to their hometown and became a teacher .
La Tuna de Cayey
On one occasion Carattini heard a group called `` La Tuna de Cayey '' sing Puerto Rican Christmas songs and was very impressed . In Puerto Rico `` Tunas '' are a group of singers and musicians who sing Christmas related songs . One of the songs sung by Tuna de Cayey was `` Estas Navidades van a ser Candela '' ( roughly , `` This Christmas season will be a firestorm '' ) , a composition by Herminio de Jesús Figueroa that became part of the Tuna de Cayey 's LP production `` Candela con la Tuna de Cayey '' . In 1964 , Carattini spoke with a friend , Víctor Cotto , who was the director of another `` Tuna '' and asked them if they could join . Carattini became a member of Cotto 's `` Tuna Taurina de Cayey '' and participated in the recording of La Fabulosa Tuna Taurina . They remained with the group until 1969 .
In 1970 , they quit their low paying teaching job and became an insurance salesperson . They went on to create a new `` Tuna '' which included 23 members and with $ 3,000 recorded a `` demo '' . After the recording , they decided that they as a group had a good chance of competing against the `` Tunas '' already established and adopted the name `` Los Cantores de San Juan '' .
In January 1971 , they recorded their first Christmas album , however they had to wait almost a year until the Christmas holidays at the end of the year to release it . Finally , the album was released and became a big hit after being played on the radio by the then DJ Alfred D. Herger . The album included Si no me dan de beber , lloro ( If you do n't give me a drink , I 'll cry ) , Asomante a los cantores and Porque era Católico . The song has been interpreted by such singers as Danny Rivera and Marco Antonio Muñiz . Another song which became a Puerto Rican Christmas classic was Dame la Mano Paloma ( Give me your Hand , Dove ) in 1979 .
From then on Carattini and Los Cantores de San Juan performed sold out functions during every Christmas season up to 2005 . In 2005 , Carattini made their last public appearance on Así es la Navidad , a Gilberto Santa Rosa production .
Discography
Among Carattini 's recordings are the following :
Si no me dan de beber , lloro – 1971
El caracol – 1972
Motivos navideños con ... Los Cantores de San Juan – 1972
Éxitos de siempre con Los Cantores de San Juan – 1972
La puerca voladora – 1972
De fiesta con Los Cantores de San Juan – 1973
¡Es más bueno ... ! – 1973
Caminan las nubes / El patatú – 1974
Idem – 1975
Idem – 1977
Dame la mano , paloma – 1979
Éxitos de siempre con Los Cantores de San Juan , Vol . 2 '' 1979
De rolimpín / Pidiendo posada – 1980
¡Se prendió la Navidad ! – 1987 with Felito Félix
Controversia – 1985 with Danny Rivera and Alpha IV
Trullando con ... Vicente Carattini , Chucho Avellanet y ... Los Cantores −1986
De trulla en trulla – 1988
25 años de Navidad – 1996
Later years
Carattini suffered from leukemia and died on November 7 , 2005 . Vicente Carattini is buried in the Jardín del Edén Cemetery of Cidra . The government named a school in their honor . The school is called which is located at 782 km 6 2 Barrio Ceiba , in the town of Cidra .
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
Corsican immigration to Puerto Rico
List of Puerto Rican songwriters
Music of Puerto Rico
References
External links
Vicente Carattini changed the history of our Christmas folklore
Vicente Carattini CD Collection
La Tuna de Cayey
1939 births
2005 deaths
People from Cidra , Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican people of Corsican descent
University of Puerto Rico alumni
Deaths from leukemia
Puerto Rican singer-songwriters
20th-century Puerto Rican male singers
Puerto Rican male composers
Deaths from cancer in Puerto Rico
American male singer-songwriters
Palma Sola is a community in the San Juan province . The Palma Sola massacre occurred here in 1962 .
References
Populated places in San Juan Province ( Dominican Republic )
The Union Club of Columbia football team was a football club composed of Columbia College students and alumni that operated from 1886 to 1887 . It was the only school-related football team in 1886 after the varsity of Columbia was on hiatus from 1885 to 1888 . Very little is known about the Union Club , its relation to Columbia College , and its reason for establishment and dissolution .
1886 season
In 1886 , the Unions of Columbia football club joining the fledgling American Football Union for their inaugural 1886 season . The Unions would compile a 1–3 record , all against AFU opponents , and outscored their opponents by a total of 28 to 23 . The AFU ruled that the November 6th forfeit loss between Brooklyn Hill and the Unions would not count towards the league record . The 1886 team was composed mostly of Columbia College alumni , particularly from the 1883 and 1884 varsity squads .
1887 season
The 1887 Unions of Columbia College football team compiled a 0–3 record ( all in the AFU ) and were outscored by their opponents by a total of 63 to 2 . Sometime in the middle of October , the team was able to secure new players when the Crickets of Stevens Institute ( who had won the 1886 AFU championship ) decided to consolidate their team with the Unions . On November 13 , the Unions resigned from the AFU for an unstated reason , and disbanded their student alumni football team . Speculation at the time for the team 's disbandment was blamed on the club `` not being able to stand defeat '' . Another possibility was the alumni simply lost interest in the game , which was a common reason for dropping football at the time ( this was the reason for Columbia 's Varsity hiatus ' in the 1880s and 1890s ) , or perhaps the most viable , the student sect of the Unions team was consolidated into the 1887 Columbia interclass teams , and there were two few alumni remaining to continue the season .
1888 season
The Union Club football team was reformed for the 1888 season as an independent , compiled a 2–1 record ( approximately ) , and were outscored by their opponents by a total of 38 to 6 . The return of the Union Club is not well documented , but they seemed to now be mostly made up of Columbia students as opposed to alumni . With the Varsity of Columbia returning from hiatus in 1889 , there was no longer a need for separate football clubs and interclass teams , and the Unions were disbanded permanently .
Team rosters
In 1886 , nearly all of the players in the Union Club were alumni or students of Columbia College . For the 1887 season , however , the Unions of Columbia roster would also include the Crickets of Stevens , which were another alumni football team that represented the Stevens Institute of Technology . Various members of other athletic clubs in the AFU also played a small part on the Union team . The following players were a member of the Unions of Columbia football team between 1886 and 1888 . In 1888 , restrictions from the new AFU constitution regarding fixed rosters slowed the influx or shifting of players of any club in the New York metropolitan area , and as such many of the Crickets or other players not affiliated with the college left the team . Any additional information regarding the player 's history will follow their years and position with the Unions .
C. Aldridge – 1887 Unions quarterback
H. Anderson – 1888 Unions rusher
J. Bacon – 1886 Unions fullback and rusher
Francis Blossom – 1888 Unions center rush and right end ; Columbia Varsity letterwinner 1889
R. Bradley – 1888 Unions halfback and right tackle ; 1888 Columbia sophomore team
Charles K. Beekman – 1886 Unions rusher ; rusher for 1887 Columbia Junior team ; 1888 Unions left tackle ; Columbia Varsity letterwinner 1889
Caldway – 1887 Unions rusher
A. Cohen , captain – 1886/1887 Unions rusher and halfback
J. F. Congdon – 1888 Unions rusher
J.Cooke – 1888 Unions rusher
Cummings – 1886 Unions halfback
DeWitt Weld ? – 1888 Unions rusher ( could be E. B. DeWitt , Columbia Varsity letterwinner 1882 )
J. Dilworth – 1888 Unions rusher and center rush ( could be R. G. Dilworth , 1888 Unions quarterback )
Read G. Dilworth – 1888 Unions quarterback ( could be J. Dilworth , 1888 Unions rusher and center rush ) ; Columbia Varsity letterwinner 1889–1890
Dimock – 1886 Unions rusher
Drummond – 1887 Unions rusher
D. Edwards – 1887 Unions halfback ; Princeton football alumni and Crescent Athletic Club halfback 1887 ?
Field – 1887 Unions rusher ( possibly Otis W. Field ; Columbia Varsity letterwinner 1873 )
Gardiner – 1886 Unions halfback
Alger C. Gildersleeve – 1888 Unions left end ; 1888 Columbia Sophomore team ; Columbia Varsity letterwinner and captain 1889
A. Halstead – 1888 Unions rusher
Howland – 1886 Unions rusher
J. M. Hewlett , captain – 1888 Unions quarterback and halfback ; 1888 Columbia Sophomore team captain ; Columbia Varsity letterwinner and captain 1889
Klapp – 1886 Unions rusher ; captain and halfback of 1887 Columbia Junior team ; 1888 Unions right guard
J. Langthorne ( Longthorn , Longthorne ? ) – 1888 Unions left guard
Livermore – 1886 Unions rusher
Benoni Lockwood – 1886 Unions halfback ; Columbia Varsity letterwinner 1883
E. Magee – 1887 Unions halfback
G. M. Martin – 1888 Unions rusher
R. A. Martin – 1888 Unions rusher
G. S. Nicholas Jr. – 1888 Unions rusher
C. O'Connor – 1888 Unions fullback
S. D. Pierce – 1888 Unions quarterback ; 1888 Columbia Sophomore team
Provost – 1886 Unions quarterback ; quarterback for 1887 Columbia Junior team
Phelps – 1887 Unions rusher
Richards – 1886 Unions rusher
W. P. Robertson – 1888 Unions halfback and fullback ; 1888 Columbia freshmen team
Schuyler – 1886 Unions quarterback
Sevenoake – 1887 Unions rusher ; Crickets Athletic Club 1886–1887 ; Secretary and Treasurer of the AFU in 1887
Sheldon – 1887 Unions rusher
E. P. Smith – 1888 Unions rusher ; Columbia Varsity letterwinner 1890
H. Smith – 1886 Unions rusher
T. Smith – 1886 Unions fullback
Charles A. Stevens – 1886 Unions halfback ; Columbia Varsity letterwinner 1883–1884 and 1884 captain ;
R. Stevens – 1886 Unions rusher
Uhlenhaut – 1887 Unions fullback
William Ward – 1886 Unions rusher ; Columbia Varsity letterwinner 1874–1876 ; played on 1887 Crescent Athletic Club
E. Winchet – 1887 Unions rusher
E. Woodbridge – 1888 Unions rusher
References
Columbia Lions
Columbia Lions football team
Columbia Lions football seasons
A religious ground motive ( RGM ) is a concept in the reformational philosophy of Herman Dooyeweerd . In their book Roots of Western Culture Dooyeweerd identified four great frameworks or value-systems that have determined human interpretations of reality with formative power over Western culture . Three of these are dualistic and may be described in the terms of Hegelian dialectic as antitheses of opposite poles of reference that are eventually resolved by synthesis , only for the synthesis to draw out , inexorably , a new opposing pole and so a new antithesis .
Other RGMs may readily be added to Dooyeweerd 's list , and this endeavour may be sanctioned by Dooyeweerd 's own passing reference to a Zoroastrian RGM .
The Form/Matter RGM of the Greeks
The Form/Matter framework for ontology was articulated by Greek philosophers , particularly Aristotle . However , Dooyeweerd identifies its roots in the ancient religious beliefs about a river of life and the rule of μοιρα fate , which came to be set against the later culture religion of the rule of the Olympian gods , in a logical antithesis . Nietzsche argues , similarly , that Greek philosophy from the time of Homer through to Plato and Aristotle demonstrates a tension between valarization of a Dionysian natural orgiastic devotion to the life force , celebrated in the annual Baccanal at Delphi , and the model of the city and its justice as achieved by calm thought in accord with an Apollonian devotion represented by the Temple of Athena . Perhaps the best articulation of this tension of values can be seen in the tragic drama where the Furies are constrained and given a place below the Temple 's altar where they can no longer unleash themselves in the historic form of a blood revenge .
The Creation - Fall - Redemption RGM
Dooyeweerd 's next RGM is not dualistic but ternary , described as Creation - Fall - Redemption : three moments of radical cosmic change . This RGM is argued to be authentically Judeo-Christian because it does not identify any parts or aspects of experienced reality that might be absolutised in place of God ; rather , it shows the significance of the biblical metanarrative for a correct understanding of reality . Significantly , it is an understanding that can only be derived from special revelation . For much of the history of Christianity this RGM has not taken its legitimate prominence because of the way that Christianity was accommodated to Greek pagan philosophy in the writings of some of the Church Fathers such as Justin and Athenagoras . This facilitated a transition from the Form/Matter RGM to the Nature/Grace RGM . Dooyeweerd believed that the Protestant Reformation represented a re-discovery of the Creation - Fall - Redemption RGM and that he , with others such as Abraham Kuyper , was helping to restore it to its rightful place in Christian thinking , as the foundation for a Protestant Christian worldview and Christian philosophy .
The Nature/Grace RGM of the Latin Middle Ages
According to Dooyeweerd , the authentic Creation - Fall - Redemption RGM of the New Testament writers largely failed to win its place in the development of Christian philosophy . Instead , a synthesis of the Form/Matter RGM took place , giving rise to a concept of natural earthly reality , and the Christian theological understanding of redemption was taken as the antithesis to this in the form of the concept of Grace . Thus arose the Nature/Grace antithesis , which was initially oriented with Grace as superior to Nature . The Nature/Grace RGM was powerfully developed in the philosophy of Thomas Aquinas and so persisted through the Renaissance of the 12th century , the Renaissance , and indeed through the Protestant Reformation and Catholic Counter-Reformation .
The Nature/Freedom RGM of the Enlightenment
Eventually , with the decline in the Church 's political dominance and the implicit dismissal of the earthly realm by the polarisation of the Nature/Grace RGM , this antithesis was secularised , leading to its replacement by a humanistic Nature/Freedom RGM . This may be understood by considering how Enlightenment thought may be aligned with each of two poles . One was the elevation of Nature , the deterministic universe of the natural philosophers ; the other was the quest for absolute freedom , the ideal of Romanticism . Dooyeweerd saw how many modernist philosophers struggled to account for both sides of this dualistic RGM , retaining human freedom while construing the Universe as a kind of machine , but without finding a lasting solution .
The Nature/Grace RGM is the last in Dooyeweerd 's survey , but they then moves on , in the final section of Roots of Western Culture , to a critique of Historicism . This worldview , abandoning absolutes and proposing a relativistic interpretation of culture , appears as an elevation of the Freedom motif above the Nature motif , and is in turn contested by the rise of modern sociology with its implicit bid for dominance on behalf of Nature . This brings the survey up to Dooyeweerd 's time of writing , where they are ready to propose their new framework for Reformational philosophy founded on the Creation - Fall - Redemption RGM .
References
Herman Dooyeweerd , A New Critique of Theoretical Thought
Herman Dooyeweerd , In the Twilight of Western Thought
Philosophical movements
The Wahnapitae First Nation ( ) is an Ojibway First Nation band government in the Canadian province of Ontario , who primarily reside on the Wahnapitae Indian Reserve No . 11 on the northwestern shore of Lake Wanapitei . The First Nation is a signatory to the Robinson-Huron Treaty of 1850 as the Tahgaiwenene 's Band . The reserve had a resident population of 102 in the Canada 2011 Census ; the First Nation also has approximately 200 further registered members who currently live off-reserve .
The reserve is an enclave located entirely within the city boundaries of Greater Sudbury , although it is not legally or politically part of the city . However , the reserve is considered part of Greater Sudbury 's Census Metropolitan Area and its census division , and for postal delivery and telephone exchange purposes the reserve is within the service area of the Greater Sudbury neighbourhood of Capreol .
The main business on the reserve is Rocky 's , a bar and restaurant with camping facilities and snowmobiling trails which is popular with recreational and permanent residents of the Lake Wanapitei area .
The reserve also should not be confused with the neighbourhood of Wahnapitae within the city of Greater Sudbury .
Governance
The First Nation is a member of the Waabnoong Bemjiwang Association of First Nations , a regional tribal council . Council consists of an elected five positions . Nominations for position of chief and four positions of council are held .
References
External links
profile from INAC
First Nations governments in Ontario
Ojibwe governments
Algonquian ethnonyms
Sea Cliff Village Hall , Library and Museum Complex is a historic civic building complex located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County , New York . The complex is a grouping of three functional units in two interconnected buildings originally built in 1914 as the Sea Cliff Methodist Church , Sunday School / Chapel , and Rectory . It is constructed of beige brick with cast stone accents and slate-covered roofs in the Late Gothic Revival or Collegiate Gothic style . It features a square bell tower . The former rectory contains the museum and is a two-story rectangular building in the Tudor Revival style .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 .
References
External links
Sea Cliff Village Museum
Sea Cliff Village Library
Village of Sea Cliff
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Gothic Revival architecture in New York ( state )
Tudor Revival architecture in New York ( state )
Churches completed in 1914
Museums in Nassau County , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County , New York
City and town halls on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Village halls in the United States
Unitarian or Unitarianism may refer to :
Christian and Christian-derived theologies
A Unitarian is a follower of , or a member of an organisation that follows , any of several theologies referred to as Unitarianism :
Unitarianism ( 1565–present ) , a liberal Christian theological movement known for its belief in the unitary nature of God , and for its rejection of the doctrines of the Trinity , original sin , predestination , and of biblical inerrancy
Unitarian Universalism ( often referring to themselves as `` UUs '' or `` Unitarians '' ) , a primarily North American liberal pluralistic religious movement that grew out of Unitarianism
In everyday British usage , `` Unitarian '' refers to the organisation formally known as the General Assembly of Unitarian and Free Christian Churches , which holds beliefs similar to Unitarian Universalists
International Council of Unitarians and Universalists , an umbrella organization
American Unitarian Association , a religious denomination in the United States and Canada , formed in 1825 and consolidated in 1961 with the Universalist Church of America to form the Unitarian Universalist Association
Canadian Unitarian Council , an institution that joined the Unitarian Universalist Association in 1961 and left by agreement in 2002 to provide almost all equivalent services for Unitarian Universalists in Canada
Biblical Unitarianism , a scripture-fundamentalist non-Trinitarian movement ( flourished c.1876-1929 )
Nontrinitarianism , a generic name for a Christian point of view that rejects the Trinity doctrine
Other religious theologies
The English translation of the Arabic term Muwaḥḥid ( plural Muwaḥḥidūn ) , alternately meaning `` monotheist '' , which may refer to :
The Almohad Caliphate , a dynasty and movement in the Maghreb and Al-Andalus
The endonym of the Druze people , a monotheistic ethnoreligious community , found primarily in Syria , Lebanon , Israel and Jordan
The self-description of many Salafi and Wahhabi groups
An endonym of the Unitarian Bahá'ís , a Bahá ' í division centred on a revival of the claims of Mirza Muhammad Ali
Politics
Unitary state , a political system where a country is governed as one single unit
A member of the Unitarian Party of Argentine history
A period of the Argentine Civil War , the Unitarian-Federalist War : 1828–31
Other uses
A scholar who holds that the works of Homer were composed by a single individual ( see Homeric scholarship )
See also
Unification Church
Unity Church
United Reform Church
Unitarianism
Hazel Hannan , former Member of the House of Keys ( MHK ) , was previously the Deputy Speaker of the House of Keys and an Education Minister and then Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Forestry in the Isle of Man Government . They were elected in 1986 as an independent MHK for Peel , after a failed attempt 5 years earlier standing for Mec Vannin . They are the President of Peel AFC .
They were defeated in the 2006 general election by Tim Crookall MHK . Manx Radio exit polls had the incumbent Mrs. Hannan displaying an initial lead .
Governmental positions
Minister of Education , 1991–1995
Minister of Agriculture , Fisheries and Forestry , 1995–1999
References
Manx women in politics
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Mec Vannin politicians
Members of the House of Keys 1986–1991
Members of the House of Keys 1991–1996
Members of the House of Keys 1996–2001
Members of the House of Keys 2001–2006
20th-century British women politicians
21st-century British women politicians
Grindu ( formerly Pisica ) is a commune in Tulcea County , Northern Dobruja , Romania . It is composed of a single village , Grindu .
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Junín is a Department of San Luis Province , Argentina .
With an area of it borders to the west with the Department of Ayacucho , to the south with San Martín and Chacabuco , to the north with the provinces of Córdoba .
Municipalities
Carpintería
Cerro de Oro
Lafinur
Los Cajones
Los Molles
Merlo
Santa Rosa de Conlara
Talita
Villages
Bañado de Cautana
Balde de Escudero
Capilla de Romero
Cerrito Blanco
Injertos
La Aguada
La Invernada
La Médula
La Quebrada
La Unión
Las Chilcas
Las Islitas
Las Lomitas
Las Palomas
Los Argüellos
Los Chañares
Los Duraznitos
Los Quebrachos
Ojo del Río
Paso Ancho
Piedra Blanca
Punta del Agua
Rincón del Este
Rosario
References
Departments of San Luis Province
Ryan Walker is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the USL A-League .
In 1993 , Walker began their college career at Sacramento State University . In 1995 , they transferred to Coastal Carolina University . In their two seasons at Coastal Carolina , they scored twenty-six goals , adding fifteen assists , in forty games . In February 1997 , the Charleston Battery selected Walker in the Territorial round of the 1997 A-League Draft . Walker did not join Charleston , but signed with the Myrtle Beach Seadawgs of the USISL D-3 Pro League instead . When David Irving , head coach of the Seadawgs moved to the Wilmington Hammerheads in 1999 , Walker made the move as well . They were First Team All League that season . The Hammerheads sent Walker on loan to the Charleston Battery for the Battery 's final regular season game . In 2000 , Walker moved up to the Raleigh Capital Express of the USL A-League . Raleigh ceased operations at the end of the season and in February 2001 , Walker moved to the Atlanta Silverbacks where they finished their career .
References
Living people
1974 births
American soccer players
Atlanta Silverbacks players
Charleston Battery players
Coastal Carolina Chanticleers men 's soccer players
Myrtle Beach Seadawgs players
Raleigh ( Capital ) Express players
Sacramento State Hornets men 's soccer players
USL A-League players
USISL D-3 Pro League players
Wilmington Hammerheads FC players
USL D-3 Pro League players
Soccer players from California
Soccer players from South Dakota
Sportspeople from Rapid City , South Dakota
Association football forwards
Kinza Malik is a Pakistani actor . They are known for their roles in dramas Qayamat , Sammi , Alif Allah Aur Insaan , Ishqiya , Phaans and Neeli Zinda Hai .
Early life
They were born in 1972 on March 08 in Lahore , Pakistan .
Career
They made their debut as an actor on PTV in the 1990s and appeared in dramas on PTV . They were noted for their roles in dramas Adhi Dhoop , Chingaarian , Kalmoohi and Bhool . They also appeared in dramas Gustakh Ishq , Aik Thi Rania , Dar Si Jaati Hai Sila , Ishq Tamasha , Sammi and Alif Allah Aur Insaan . Since then they appeared in dramas Sanwari , Baandi , Saraab , Lashkara , Qayamat , Ishqiya and Neeli Zinda Hai , Phaans . In 2011 they appeared in movie Khamosh Raho .
Personal life
Kinza is married and has three children .
Filmography
Television
Film
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
20th-century Pakistani actores
Pakistani television actores
21st-century Pakistani actores
Pakistani film actores
The 1985 Australian Football Championships Night Series was the 7th edition of the AFC Night Series , a VFL-organised national club Australian rules football tournament between the leading clubs from the VFL , the SANFL , the WAFL and State Representative Teams .
A total of 17 teams from across Australia played 16 matches over five months , with matches held during the pre-season and midweek throughout the premiership season .
Qualified Teams
1 Includes previous appearances in the Championship of Australia and NFL Night Series .
Venues
Knockout stage
Qualifying Playoff
Round 1
Quarter Finals
Semi Finals
Australian Football Championships Night Series Final
References
Australian rules interstate football
History of Australian rules football
Australian rules football competitions in Australia
1985 in Australian rules football
Kip Lane Young ( born October 29 , 1954 ) is a former baseball player . A right-handed pitcher , Young played Major League Baseball with the Detroit Tigers in 1978 and 1979 . As a rookie in 1978 , they pitched complete-game victories in their first four starts and compiled a 2.81 earned run average ( ERA ) for the season .
Before their professional career began , Young played college baseball at Bowling Green State University where they won 37 games to set a Mid-American Conference record .
Early years
Young was born in Georgetown , Ohio , in 1954 . They attended Whiteoak High School in Mowrystown , Ohio , graduating in 1972 . They then enrolled at Bowling Green State University and was named to the All-Mid-American Conference baseball team for three consecutive years . They twice won 11 games in a season , and their 37 career wins established a MAC record . They compiled a 1.02 ERA in 1974 . Their 232 strikeouts and 295 innings pitched are also Bowling Green records . They were inducted to the Bowling Green Athletic Hall of Fame in 1976 .
Professional baseball
1976 and 1977 seasons
Young was drafted by the Tigers in the 23rd round of the 1976 Major League Baseball June Amateur Draft . They spent the 1976 season with the Lakeland Tigers where they compiled a 4-2 record and 2.78 earned run average ( ERA ) . They began the 1977 with the Double-A Montgomery Rebels where they compiled a 5-2 record and 3.20 ERA . They were promoted to the Triple-A Evansville Triplets in the middle of the 1977 season and went 4-4 with a 4.03 ERA .
1978 season
Young began the 1978 season in Evansville . By July , they had an 11-3 record in 20 starts with 3.02 ERA .
Young 's strong showing at Evansville led to a call from the Tigers , and they made their major league debut in July 1978 . In their first four starts , they pitched four complete games : a 4-1 victory over the Oakland As on July 24 in which they retired the last 12 batters they faced ; a four-hit , 9-1 victory over the Seattle Mariners on July 29 ; a 7-1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on August 4 ; and a 4-2 victory over the Texas Rangers on August 9 .
After the fourth victory , the crowd of 30,515 demanded a curtain call from Young who obliged and noted , `` I ca n't 100 per cent believe what 's happening . '' Young was billed as the Tigers ' third rookie pitching prodigy in three years , following Mark Fidrych in 1976 and Dave Rozema in 1977 . Interviewed in mid-August , they noted : `` Staying consistent , that 's the thing . . . . I do n't want to be remembered as a guy who pitched three or four good games , then did n't pitch well the rest of the year . ''
In their fifth start , Young gave up three runs in seven innings and lost to the Royals . Their strong pitching continued with eight consecutive quality starts , at that time tied for the second longest streak in Tigers ' history—trailing only Tommy Bridges ' nine-game streak in 1942 . Young finished the 1978 season with a 6–7 record and a 2.81 ERA in 14 games .
1979 season
Young started the 1979 season pitching well during spring training . They had a string of 12 scoreless innings in March and was the team 's `` most impressive starter . '' After a strong showing in spring training , Young began the season as part of the Tigers ' four-man starting rotation along with Dave Rozema , Jack Billingham , and Milt Wilcox . In four starts , however , Young struggled to a 9.60 ERA . On May 9 , the Tigers sent them back to Evansville to make room for yet another promising rookie Jack Morris . At the time , Young took responsibility for pitching themselves out of a job , noting , `` My changeup is not there like it was last year . I never threw so many high changeups in my life . . . . I 'm just thoroughly disgusted with what 's been happening . ''
In their first start after being sent to Evansville , Young pitched a one-hitter . In mid-June , Tiger starter Dave Rozema was put on the disabled list , and Young was recalled to the Tigers having won three of six decisions with a 3.60 ERA . However , with Sparky Anderson now the Tigers ' new manager , Young never figured prominently in the club 's plans . They were demoted again to Evansville on July 25 and before being recalled for a final stint in the majors in September .
Young pitched in their final major league game on September 26 , 1979 . They finished the season with a 2-2 record and a 6.39 in 43-2/3 inning pitched . On November 21 , 1979 , the Tigers sold Young to the Spokane Indians , the Triple-A farm club of the Seattle Mariners .
1980 to 1982 seasons
Young did not make the Mariners ' major league roster , and appeared in only four games for Spokane , compiling a 7.07 ERA in 14 innings pitched . They were acquired by the Triple-A Indianapolis Indians in late May 1980 . They remained with Indianapolis through the 1981 season and at the start of the 1981 season . They started 26 games for Indianapolis in 1981 , compiling a 10-12 record and 4.04 ERA .
At the start of the 1982 season , Young , at age 27 , acknowledged they had been close to giving up on their pitching career , but was still not ready to quit : `` First of all , I still love the game of baseball and if I did n't think I could still pitch I would n't be in the game . Second of all , I still think I can pitch in the big leagues if given a chance . ''
Young finished the 1982 season , and their professional baseball career , with the Toledo Mud Hens in the Minnesota Twins farm system . They started 15 games for Toledo and compiled a 6-5 record and 4.61 ERA . In the spring of 1983 , Toledo did not offer Young a contract . They noted at the time : `` It 's amazing . Not too long ago , I was supposed to be one of the top young pitchers in Detroit , then the next year I 'm nobody . But that 's baseball , worth a million one day and a dime the next . ''
Later years
After their retirement from baseball , Young became a physical education teacher for the Eastern-Local School District in Brown County , Ohio . Young has since retired from this position , as well .
References
External links
Major League Baseball pitchers
Detroit Tigers players
Lakeland Tigers players
Montgomery Rebels players
Evansville Triplets players
Spokane Indians players
Indianapolis Indians players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Bowling Green Falcons baseball players
Baseball players from Ohio
People from Georgetown , Ohio
1954 births
Living people
{ { Taxobox
| name = Clausidium dissimile
| image = Clausidium.dissimile.Female2.jpg
| image_caption = Adult Female C. dissimile
| regnum = Animalia
| phylum = Arthropoda
| subphylum = Crustacea
| classis = Maxillopoda
| subclassis = Copepoda
| ordo = Poecilostomatoida
| familia = Clausidiidae
| genus = Clausidium
| species = C. dissimile
| binomial = Clausidium dissimile
| binomial_authority = Wilson , 1921 < ref name= '' WoRMS '' > { { cite web |url= http : //www.marinespecies.org/aphia.php ? p=taxdetails & id=350125 |title= ‘ 'Clausidium dissimile Wilson C.B. , 1921 |publisher=World Register of Marine Species |work=World Copepoda Database |author=Walter , T. Chad |date=June 27 , 2015 |editor=T . C. Walter & G. Boxshall } } < /ref >
} } Clausidium dissimile is a species of copepod that has been found along the Atlantic and Gulf Coasts from Massachusetts to Florida . They are found on the bodies of mud shrimp ( a.k.a . ghost shrimp ) of the family Callianassidae , or from water collected from mud shrimp burrows .
DescriptionC . dissimile is bright red with the deepest color along the margins of the segments . Pigmented areas often form dense irregular masses on either side of the gut . After several weeks in the laboratory the intensity of the color begins to decrease . The red pigmentation was observed in the naupliar , juvenile , and adult stages .
The female is short , broad and strongly flattened . It does not have visible eyes . The antennae are not nonprehensile . As characteristic of the genus , the endopods of the first four pairs of legs have sucking disks and the endopod of the first pair of legs has a distinct large flattened plate on the inner margin . Bright orange egg strings may be attached to the genital segment on the left and right sides . The eggs are large and spherical , 25 or 30 in each string . The total length is approximately 1.25 to 1.5 mm and the cephalothorax width is approximately 1 mm.Wilson , Charles B . ( 1932 ) . The copepods of the Woods Hole region , Massachusetts . Bulletin of the United States National Museum 158 : 1–165 .
The adult male is much smaller than the female . The total length is approximately 0.6 to 0.7 mm and the cephalothorax width is approximately 0.30 mm . It is elongated and slender with appendages like those of the female . It is usually found firmly grasping the anal segment of the female . Besides its size , the chief differences are the maxillipeds and the first pair of legs , both of which are used to grasp the female . The males begin pairing with the juvenile copepodid IV and V stage females .
Distribution and hostsC . dissimile are found on the bodies of mud shrimp ( a.k.a . ghost shrimp ) of the family Callianassidae . They adhere tenaciously to the host , moving easily over the surface , appendages and into the gill chamber.Gooding , Richard U . ( 1963 ) . External morphology and classification of marine poecilostome copepods belonging to the families Clausidiidae , Clausiidae , Nereicolidae , Eunicicolidae , Synaptiphilidae , Catiniidae , Anomopsyllidae , and Echiurophilidae . Ph.D. Thesis , University of Washington , Seattle , U.S.A. pp . 1-247 . They are occasionally observed swimming free of the host ; however , this behavior is uncommon . It appears that C. dissimile can infest any species of Callianassidae that occurs within its range of environmental tolerance . This is a list of known hosts and locations where C. dissimile was captured and identified . C. dissimile can be dislodged during the capture and preservation process . Unless epizoic copepods are the object of the search , the copepods are usually overlooked and lost .
Unknown ; North Falmouth , Massachusetts Callianassa spp . ( probably C. stimpsoni ) ; Cold Spring Harbor , Long Island , New York Gilvossius setimanus ( Syn . Callianassa stimpsoni , Callianassa atlantica ) ; Vineyard Sound , Massachusetts
Unknown ; Wassaw Sound , Cabbage Island , Chatham County , Georgia Callichirus major ; North Beach , St. Catherines Island , Georgia Callichirus major ( Syn . Callianassa major ) ; Beaufort , North Carolina Lepidophthalmus louisianensis ; Tampa Bay , Florida Sergio trilobata ; Tampa Bay , Florida Lepidophthalmus louisianensis ( Syn . Callianassa jamaicense ) ; Wakulla Beach , Wakulla County , Florida Callichirus islagrande ( Syn . Callianassa islagrande ) ; Alligator Point , Franklin County , Florida Lepidophthalmus louisianensis ( Syn . Callianassa jamaicense ) ; Big Sabine Point , Santa Rosa Sound , Pensacola Beach , Florida Biffarius biformis ( Syn . Callianassa biformis ) ; Big Sabine Point , Santa Rosa Sound , Pensacola Beach , Florida Sergio trilobata ( Syn . Callianassa trilobata ) ; Big Sabine Point , Santa Rosa Sound , Pensacola Beach , Florida
Ecology
The relationship between C. dissimile and its host has not been definitively characterized , but is not likely to be parasitism . The mouth parts are not suited either for mastication or suction . They appear to be adopted for licking up nourishment from the surface of the host .
The host is not frequently seen outside its burrow which can be 2 meters deep . This behavior can provide protection for C. dissimile from predators that can not enter the burrow .
The host maintains the microenvironment of the burrow by circulating water with its pleopods . The host generated current brings into the burrow suspended plankton and other particles which can accumulate on the host . An examination of the gut contents of C. dissimile showed diatom frustules along with unidentified material . C. dissimile were also observed beating their antennae causing a current which moved suspended particles to the mouth . It is likely that C. dissimile is feeding on material that accumulates on the host . C. dissimile kept in a bowl of seawater without a host lived for 69 days before the test was terminated .
When dislodged from its host , C. dissimile will remount on the same or another host upon contact . It has been shown that adult females can not locate the host at a distance via rheotaxis or chemotaxis.C . dissimile has been found in estuarine habitats and areas exposed to the open ocean . C. dissimile shows stress by abandoning its host when the salinity of the water falls below 15 ppt and appears moribund at 10 ppt . In the field this species was found at locations where the low salinity extremes were occasionally below 10 ppt . At an estuarine location that is subject to occasional freshwater conditions , the heavier higher salinity water in the borrow can provide protection from freshwater exposure .
The host pumps water into the burrow which keeps the interior oxygenated . C. dissimile can tolerate hypoxia for three days . This ability may allow it to survive periods when water circulation is reduced or eliminated by low tides or sand clogging the burrow entrance .
At Big Sabine Point , Pensacola Beach , Florida , C. dissimile begins settling on the host at the copepodid II and III stages in March and April . The settling of early juveniles extends until October . The ratio of adult males to females typically ranged from 1:1 to 3:1 , with 6:1 not unusual . Over 95 % of the hosts were infested . The maximum number of copepods on an individual host could range from a few hundred to over 1,000 . At a location in Tampa Bay , Florida , the maximum infestation rates observed was approximately 90 to 100 copepods per host . The infested mud shrimp did not exhibit adverse effects.C . dissimile are capable of leaving the host and can be collected from samples of burrow water . In the laboratory they are occasionally observed swimming free of the host and moving between hosts when multiple hosts were in the same container . This was especially apparent when the host is injured or dying .
In Tampa Bay , Florida , C. dissimile colonizes ‘ 'Sergio trilobata '' at a higher frequency than ‘ 'Lepidophthalmus louisianensis '' . In the laboratory this preference occurred no matter which host C. dissimile '' had formerly inhabited . The copepods seem to base their selection of host primarily on the size of the host , rather than the sex of the host .
References
Poecilostomatoida
Crustaceans described in 1921
Iuliia Mendel ( ) is a Ukrainian journalist and political advisor . They were the press secretary in the administration of Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy from June 3 , 2019 until July 9 , 2021 .
Biography
They graduated from Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv and is a candidate of philological sciences . In June 2008 , they graduated from the Institute of Philology of KNU , where they studied English and Polish , Ukrainian language and literature . In 2012 , they defended their PhD thesis on The natural philosophical metalogy of Volodymyr Zatulyviter 's lyrics in the context of poetry of 1970-90 .
They worked as a journalist for ICTV , Espreso TV , 112 Ukraine and Inter TV channels . Iuliia Mendel became the first Ukrainian journalist to win the World Press Institute program .
They had previously worked as a Communications Consultant at the World Bank , and had contributed journalistic reporting for The New York Times . Mendel had worked as a journalist for several other media outlets that includes work for Politico Europe , the Atlantic Council , Vice , Spiegel Online , and Forbes .
In April 2016 , they were the producer of the first documentary about post-traumatic stress disorder , Shell-Shocked : Ukraine 's Trauma .
They trained abroad as part of the Lech Wałęsa Solidarity program , the THREAD program at Yale University , and took a course at the Warsaw Euro-Atlantic Summer Academy ( WEASA ) .
Mendel won a competition for press secretary that was announced by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy on 30 April 2019 . Winning from 4,000 other contestants , Mendel was appointed on 3 June 2019 .
In October 2019 , they were included in the rating of the 100 most influential women in Ukraine by Focus magazine .
In March 2021 , Iuliia Mendel entered the top 100 most successful women in Ukraine by Novoe Vremya magazine , in the category “ State officials ” .
Spokesperson for the President of Ukraine
As the spokesperson of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy , they were given the task to lead the international direction . In particular , Zelenskyy gave interviews to leading European media , such as Le Monde , Der Spiegel , Gazeta Wyborcza , and they also appear on the covers of Time , p and The Guardian . In August 2020 , Volodymyr Zelenskyy 's interview with Euronews was published in 13 languages : English , Russian , German , French , Italian , Spanish , Portuguese , Hungarian , Greek , Albanian , Turkish , Arabic and Persian .
Iuliia Mendel also dealt with official statements that had a public response . In particular , statements were made by Volodymyr Zelenskyy about PrivatBank and Ukrainian oligarch Ihor Kolomoyskyi , where the Ukrainian President said that in the history of the bank `` he will protect the interests of the state of Ukraine , the interests of every Ukrainian only '' , and that `` Kolomoyskyi does n't have the authority to act on behalf of Ukraine or the Office of the President of Ukraine '' .
Mendel accompanied the President of Ukraine in all regional and international visits . They oversaw the information content of the official website of the President of Ukraine president.gov.ua , social networks , and work with the media .
In December 2019 , they participated in the Normandy Format talks in Paris .
In July 2020 , The National Interest published the article by Iuliia Mendel entitled `` Why Ukraine Really Is On the Road to Reform '' , where they talk about new government initiatives , presidency of Volodymyr Zelenskyy , land reform in Ukraine , and IMF tranches .
On March 15 , 2021 , they made their debut as the host of the View from the Bankova program on the Dom TV channel , the launch of which became known only on the day of the first broadcast . Later it turned out that Mendel was not the host of the program , but one of the speakers from the Office of the President of Ukraine and other colleagues in power would also appear on the air of the program .
Article with allegations about Biden
Mendel had worked as a journalist , and was a coauthor with Kenneth P. Vogel of an article published in The New York Times on 1 May 2019 .
The article detailed how in 2016 , then-Vice President Biden successfully pushed Ukraine to oust Viktor Shokin , the country 's top prosecutor who 'd been criticized by the U.S. as an impediment to corruption reform . The story suggested the possibility that Biden was motivated to push for Shokin 's removal because the prosecutor investigated the head of Burisma Holdings , a Ukrainian energy company where the veep 's son Hunter Biden was a board member .
Conflict of interest
In June 2019 , CNN released a story about the conflict of interest of Mendel , who wrote a story for The New York Times in May while they were a candidate for the government position and kept it secret from the newspaper that they applied for the position . According to Ari Isaacman Bevacqua , a spokesperson for The Times , `` had Mendel informed editors of their job application , they would not have given them that assignment , and we would have stopped working with them immediately given this serious conflict of interest '' .
After the article was published , Iuliia Mendel stated that there was no conflict of interest , in their statement for CNN :
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Kherson Oblast
Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv alumni
Ukrainian women journalists
21st-century journalists
Press Secretaries of the President of Ukraine
The MW-1 ( Mehrzweckwaffe 1 , multipurpose weapon ) is a German munition dispenser similar to the British JP233 . It is designed to be carried on the Tornado IDS , although it can be carried on the F-104 Starfighter and the F-4 Phantom . The MW-1 started to be phased out after the German Government ratified the Convention on Cluster Munitions in 2009 .
Submunitions
The MW-1 was designed so that different types of submunitions may be loaded into its 112 tubes . The MIFF , MUSA and MUSPA mines are parachute dropped , and upon reaching the ground self-right and arm . The mines are blast-resistant and are reported to self-destruct within less than forty days from deployment .
KB 44
( Kleinbombe 44 ) : Bomblets for use against unarmored and light armored targets such as vehicles and airplanes , etc .
STABO
( Startbahnbombe ) : Bomb to destroy runways . The first shaped charge explodes on impact , creating a channel under the surface . An additional charge creates an explosion under the concrete runway to make a crater with heaved sides ( large jagged , uprooted edges ) , making it much more difficult to repair than a simple crater because the large jagged pieces have to be broken off , removed , and edges smoothed before a temporary or permanent repair can be effected .
MIFF
( Mine-Flach-Flach ) : Anti-tank mine with a magnetic field sensor .
The MIFF mine is an anti-tank mine . The mine has a seismic sensor , as well as a magnetic influence sensor that it uses to determine the optimum detonation point . It uses two back-to-back Misznay-Schardin effect shaped charges to penetrate the hulls of armoured vehicles , and 38 secondary bowl shapes that produce secondary fragments .
Specifications
Height : 98 mm
Diameter : 132 mm
Weight : 3.4 kg
MUSA and MUSPA
MUSA ( Multi-Splitter-Aktiv ) : Mine with active sensors and fragmentation charge for immediate or timed detonation .
MUSPA ( Multi-Splitter-Passiv-Aktiv ) : Mine with active and passive sensors with fragmentation warhead ( 2,100 metal splinters ) for immediate or time-controlled detonation to destroy or damage aircraft and vehicles traversing the target area .
The MUSA and MUSPA mines are identical in external appearance but have different fuses that allow them to perform different functions . When triggered , the mine scatters 2,100 steel pellets to an effective radius of 100 meters .
The MUSA mine has a simple delay fuse which triggers the mine after a pre-set interval to prevent clearance operations .
The MUSPA mine , officially classified as an anti-aircraft mine , has an acoustic sensor which triggers the mine when the right acoustic signature is detected .
Specifications
Height : 126 mm
Diameter : 132 mm
Weight : 4.5 kg
In popular culture
The combat flight simulator Ace Combat 04 : Shattered Skies featured the MW-1 on the Tornado IDS and on the game 's fictional fighter aircraft , the X-02 Wyvern .
The MW-1 was featured as the Carpet Bombing Tactical Aid for the NATO faction in the real-time strategy game World In Conflict .
The MW-1 is featured in the strategy video game WARNO by Eugen Systems .
See also
JP233
KMGU
K/YBS500
TL500
References
Jane 's Mines and Mine Clearance 2005-2006
External links
Aerial bombs of Germany
Anti-runway weapons
Cluster munition
Land mines of Germany
Kelch-like protein 20 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the KLHL20 gene .
The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the kelch family of proteins , which is characterized by a 44-56 amino acid repeat motif . The kelch motif appears in many different polypeptide contexts and contains multiple potential protein-protein contact sites . Members of this family are present both throughout the cell and extracellularly , with diverse activities .
References
Further reading
Kelch proteins
Mirror Reaper is the third studio album by Seattle-based metal band Bell Witch . It was released as a double album on October 20 , 2017 , through Profound Lore Records and was met with critical acclaim . This is the group 's first release since the death of its drummer , Adrian Guerra , and it acts as a tribute to him .
Background
Shortly before Mirror Reaper 's recording began , drummer and cofounder Adrian Guerra left the band due to health concerns and was replaced by Jesse Shreibman on drums . Guerra died not long after departing from Bell Witch . When news of the death reached the group , Mirror Reaper 's tone shifted . About the passing of Guerra , Mirror Reaper 's press release said :
Mirror Reaper 's artwork , a painting titled `` Essence of Freedom '' by Polish artist Mariusz Lewandowski , which was commissioned by Bell Witch for the album , strongly resembles the works of Zdzisław Beksiński , who is Lewandowski 's primary inspiration . Lewandowski gained a lot of recognition in the extreme metal scene for the cover and their works have appeared on several other albums since then . Live performances in support of the album were often accompanied by a narrative–visual collage created by Seattle artist Taylor Bednarz . The backing footage comprised dozens of archival films that progressed like a dream sequence alongside the performance .
Composition
Mirror Reaper was conceived as a single 80+ minute song . Due to CD and vinyl time limitations , the track was divided on those releases , but its initial , singular form is retained on the album 's digital version . Unlike most metal albums , guitar is n't present ; instead , the album is composed of bass , drums , vocals , and occasionally a Hammond organ .
Bassist and co-founding member Dylan Desmond employs their instrument as the driving force of the music . Bell Witch 's new drummer , Jesse Shreibman , provides death growl vocals , while Desmond 's singing is clean . Additional vocals from former drummer Adrian Guerra appear , having been recorded and cut from the band 's previous album . Mirror Reaper closes with a section featuring guest vocals from Erik Moggridge , ending somberly and gently .
Critical reception
Mirror Reaper was met with critical acclaim . The album received an average score of 85/100 from 6 reviews on Metacritic , indicating `` universal acclaim '' . In their Exclaim ! review for the album , Cole Firth wrote , `` Mirror Reaper is certainly an outstanding accomplishment in the Bell Witch catalogue . It may be their most emotionally stirring and musically ambitious record to date . '' Sasha Geffen of Pitchfork said , `` Mourning overwhelms the mourner ; it often feels as though it is the whole world . Mirror Reaper simulates that totality of grief , but it also transcends its own function as a eulogy . '' Writing for PopMatters , Thomas Britt praised the meaningfulness of the song 's protracted length , saying , `` The concluding impression , through repeated listens , is that Mirror Reaper is appropriately scaled to its subject and stakes [ ... ] Implicitly , the record poses the question : If this hour-plus feels long , what must forever feel like ? ''
Mirror Reaper appeared on many publications ' year-end lists .
Accolades
Track listing
Personnel
Bell Witch
Dylan Desmond – vocals , bass
Jesse Shreibman – vocals , percussion , organ
Adrian Guerra – additional vocals ( `` The Words of the Dead '' )
Additional personnel
Billy Anderson – production , engineering , mixing
Erik Moggridge – additional vocals
Justin Weis – mastering
Mariusz Lewandowski – artwork
Taylor Bednarz – live video , film
Chart performance
References
2017 albums
Bell Witch ( band ) albums
Doom metal songs
Albums produced by Billy Anderson ( producer )
The Daimler L11 was a German single-seat , high-wing , monoplane fighter , powered by a Daimler D.IIIb V-8 engine . The sole prototype first flew on 8 November 1918 , and continued testing through to February of the following year . The Daimler L14 was later built as a two-person version of this aircraft .
Specifications ( L11 )
References
Notes
1910s German fighter aircraft
L11
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Parasol-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1918
N. Shamsudheen is currently a member of 15th Kerala Legislative Assembly . They represent Mannarkkad ( State Assembly constituency ) . They were member of 13th and 14th Kerala Legislative Assembly and represented Mannarkkad ( State Assembly constituency ) both times . They belong to Indian Union Muslim League .
Biography
N. Shamsudheen was born in Paravanna , Tirur , Kerala , India on 31 May 1969 to Mohammed Kutty and Mariyakutty . They attended the Govt . High School Paravanna and holds B.Com . degree from Thunchan Memorial Government College , M.Com . degree from Pocker Sahib Memorial Orphanage College and LL.B . degree from Government Law College , Kozhikode . They were successively elected to the Kerala Legislative Assembly from Mannarkkad ( State Assembly constituency ) in 2011 , 2016 and 2021 elections .
References
Members of the Kerala Legislative Assembly
Indian Union Muslim League politicians
1969 births
Living people
PASS-PORT is a web-based electronic portfolio assessment and course management system operated by Innovative Learning Assessment Technologies , LLC .
History
Origins
PASS-PORT was originally conceived as a way to help the 20 teacher preparation schools prepare for , and pass , the revised NCATE 2000 unit standards . This new standard set was highly data-driven and required that accredited bodies keep detailed information student performances and evaluations of those performances that were to be used to improve academic programs and services over time . The Louisiana Board of Regents for Higher Education funded a statewide project to develop an electronic data system to assist with the collection and aggregation of student learning performance data and work on the system began in late 1999 . PASS-PORT entered service in 2001 and was made available to all of the Louisiana schools at no cost .
Public use
From 2001 to 2006 , all of the Louisiana teacher preparation schools who chose to use PASS-PORT had an NCATE review and all passed . During this time , the system continued to be refined and expanded .
Hurricane Katrina
In late August 2005 , Hurricane Katrina made landfall in southeast Louisiana . The storm 's enormousness had 2 effects on PASS-PORT :
Teacher preparation students from University of New Orleans , Southern University at New Orleans , Tulane University , and Dillard University were all able to retrieve all of their pre-existing course work that had been loaded into the PASS-PORT servers ( safely located in Baton Rouge , LA ) so that they could complete their academic programs at other institutions without having to produce duplicate work .
The Louisiana legislature became uninterested in on-going funding of the public project .
Commercialization
Beginning in late 2005 , Innovative Learning Assessment Technologies negotiated with the two Louisiana schools who jointly owned the PASS-PORT intellectual property : University of Louisiana at Lafayette and Xavier University of Louisiana . An agreement was reached that provided ILAT with an exclusive on-going license to the PASS-PORT system while allowing the Louisiana schools to maintain ownership ( for longevity purposes ) .
Today
Today , ILAT continues to offer PASS-PORT to schools , both in and out of Louisiana , on a fee basis . With the introduction of new editions of the PASS-PORT system that target additional accrediting bodies beyond teacher preparation , there is renewed interest in the software 's unique capabilities and history .
Purpose
PASS-PORT is designed to help colleges and universities meet accreditation standards for their academic programs and student services . It assists administrators in collecting , aggregating , and reporting performance-based assessment data—aligned to accreditation standards—from a number of sources :
File Artifacts submitted by students for review by a faculty member
Professional Development Experiences
Field Experiences with associated assessments from faculty members and participating teacher mentors
Web Links to student works
Student Self Assessments in the form of questionnaires
Faculty Assessments of student performance
Standardized Tests such as the Praxis battery
Course Grades
It has a template-based design which allows administrators to design their own evaluation instruments and associate those measurements directly to standards . PASS-PORT also collects Demographic data on students , faculty members , and field experience participants . It also automates the review process associated with a student 's transition points ( which PASS-PORT calls a portal ) .
PASS-PORT has several editions that are suitable for use in a variety of contexts :
PASS-PORT They ( Higher Education Edition ) - for Teacher Education schools pursuing NCATE or TEAC accreditation
PASS-PORT BE ( Business Edition ) - for business schools pursuing AACSB or ACBSP accreditation
PASS-PORT NE ( Nursing Edition ) - for nursing schools pursuing NLNAC or CCNE accreditation and other health care related programs
PASS-PORT CE ( Campus Edition ) - for schools pursuing regional accreditation and other programs not covered by other editions
See also
Learning management system
External links
PASS-PORT Information Site
Innovative Learning Assessment Technologies , LLC
Educational software
Edward Browne ( 1699–1777 ) was an Anglican priest in Ireland .
Browne was born in County Cork and educated at Trinity College , Dublin . Browne was ordained in 1749 and held incumbencies at Macloneigh and Ardnegihy . They were Vicar choral of Cork from 1749 to 1750 ; and Archdeacon of Ross from 1749 until their death . They were Precentor of Cork from 1750 to 1752 ; and Prebendary of Killaspugmullane in Cork Cathedral from 1752 until their death .
Notes
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Manx people
People from County Cork
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
17th-century Irish Anglican priests
1699 births
1777 deaths
Archdeacons of Ross , Ireland
The Puthimari River rises in Assam , India . It is a tributary of the Brahmaputra River , the fourth largest in the world . The Puthimari is known for its floods and high sediment load .
References
Rivers of Assam
Rivers of India
Repossessed may refer to :
Repossessed ( film ) , a 1990 American comedy film
Repossessed ( album ) , a 1986 album by Kris Kristofferson
Repossessed , a novel by A. M. Jenkins
See also
Repossession
Betty is a French psychological drama film directed by Claude Chabrol based on the novel of the same title by Georges Simenon . It was first released in France in 1992 .
Plot
Betty ( Marie Trintignant ) , a young alcoholic woman , is caught cold while cheating on their bourgeois husband . Wasting no time , they and their family arrange a quick divorce settlement , ousting them from home and keeping them away from the two children the couple have . One night they end up in a restaurant called Le Trou ( The Hole ) , where they meet Laure ( Stéphane Audran ) , an older woman , an alcoholic herself . Laure decides to take care of Betty after hearing the heart-breaking stories of them being a victim of their husband 's rich and ruthless high society family . Betty receives care and friendship from Laure , who 's in a relationship with Mario ( Jean-Francois Garreaud ) , the restaurant 's owner . Betty 's envy toward Laure , especially regarding their relationship with Mario , grows each day and eventually drives Betty to contrive the means to conquer their new friend 's lover . Laure realizes they have made a mistake by trusting Betty , and things soon begin to fall apart between them . Betty 's true colors are now visible and they see their life at a point of no return , as they have selfishly stomped on the last chance they had of being a better person .
Cast
Marie Trintignant - Betty Etamble
Stéphane Audran - Laure
Jean-François Garreaud - Mario
Yves Lambrecht - Guy Etamble
Christiane Minazzoli - Madame Etamble
Pierre Vernier - Le médecin
- Frédéric
Thomas Chabrol - Schwartz
Yves Verhoeven - Philippe
Reception
Journalist Lawrence O'Toole from Entertainment Weekly defined Marie Trintignant 's performance as `` smashing , '' but overall rated the film a B+ . In the Chicago Sun Times Roger Ebert described the film as a story of intertwined surprises , a film that does n't have a plot per se . The story is a chain reaction of events as this is the story of a woman who keeps tripping over their own faults and reckless behavior . Megan Rosenfeld , staff writer at The Washington Post , found Marie Trintignant 's performance a tad empty aside from the contribution they give to the movie through their beauty . ) John Simon of the National Review in addition to praising the acting of Trintignant and Audran said `` Betty is one of the most well-behavedly bone-chilling horror stories of all time '' .
References
External links
1990s French-language films
1990s psychological drama films
French psychological drama films
Films directed by Claude Chabrol
Films based on works by Georges Simenon
Films based on Belgian novels
1992 drama films
1992 films
1990s French films
The Marconi Transistorized Automatic Computer was the first all-transistor computer built by Britain 's Marconi Company . It was designed and manufactured from around 1959 .
The computer employed germanium transistors which by this time were sufficiently reliable in room temperatures kept below about 23 degrees C. The type S3301 was a 500 kHz clocked , 20-bit word machine with two Mullard core memory stores providing 4k of 20-bit data . The internal CPU logic was synchronised to even and odd clock signals and special signals generated via microinstruction diode boards . The memory logic had slow and fast loops to speed the transfer of sequential data bursts . A facility was provided to microstep through instructions to help with fault-finding . Processor status bits were provided , with machine instructions being decoded from 6 bits in the current address memory word . Double word data had the MSB designated a sign bit , coded as binary fractions ( -1 to +1 ) , for the square root , multiply and divide instructions . The instruction set had the usual functions based on three registers named A , B and D ( C was the current address in memory register , also called M ) . An additional instruction assisted with checksum calculation for data transferred to and from main data stores ( viz . Sperry Rand magnetic drums ) .
Applications included marking up radar screens with aircraft information and providing data processing for operators in a nuclear power station . Apart from transistor failure , other common faults included power supply capacitors 'drying out ' resulting in excess ripple , and poor connections on the input/output highway . Paper tape peripherals had their own poor reliability , influenced to some degree of operator usage .
Surviving computers ( ex power station ) are on display at the National Museum of Computing ( located in Bletchley Park ) and Jim Austin 's collection near the University of York . The National Museum system is operational . Copies of original manuals and documentation are at the Department of Computer Science , University of Manchester and the Manchester John Rylands Library . A performance summary specification is available online .
Marconi went on to develop the Myriad series of computers .
References
Early British computers
Military computers
The 1993–94 Slovak Extraliga season was the first season of the Slovak Extraliga since the breakup of Czechoslovakia and the Czechoslovak Extraliga . 10 teams participated in the league , and Dukla Trencin won the championship .
Standings
Playoffs
Semifinal
Dukla Trenčín - Martimex ZŤS Martin 3:1 ( 7:2,4:2,2:3,3:1 )
HC Košice - Slovan Bratislava 3:2 ( 7:4,1:2,5:2,1:2,4:1 )
3rd place
Slovan Bratislava-Martimex ZŤS Martin 1:2 ( 7:1,1:4,3:4 )
Final
Dukla Trenčín - HC Košice 3:2 ( 2:3,4:1,5:6,3:2,5:1 )
Final rankings
External links
Slovak Ice Hockey Federation
Slovak Extraliga seasons
slovak
Slovak
José Viegas Filho ( born 14 October 1942 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian diplomat .
José Viegas served as Brazilian Ambassador to Denmark ( 1995–1998 ) , to Peru ( 1998–2001 ) and to Russia ( 2001–2002 ) . They were Minister of Defence in the Presidency of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva in 2003 and 2004 . They tendered in their resignation to the President of the Republic due to a crisis generated by a note released by the Social Communication Service of the Brazilian Army which defended the Military Régime .
In their note of resignation to the Ministerial office , José Viegas mentioned the incompatibility between the authoritarian philosophy based on the Doctrine of National Security and the full validity of the democratic institutions :
`` The note released on Sunday 17 represents the persistency of an authoritarian philosophy , linked to the remains of the old and anachronistic doctrine of national security , incompatible with the full validity of democracy and with the development of Brazil in the 21st century . It is high time for the representatives of this dated philosophy to walk out of the scene . ''
In 2005 , José Viegas Filho resumed their diplomatic career as Brazilian Ambassador to Spain and in 2009 became Brazilian Ambassador in Italy , which office they continue to hold at present .
They are married to Ericka Stockholm , a Peruvian writer of children tales . They were a famous actor in Peru in the decade of 80 's and 90 's .
References
The information on this page is based on its counterpart on Portuguese Wikipedia , accessed 1 December 2010 .
1942 births
Living people
Ambassadors of Brazil to Denmark
Ambassadors of Brazil to Spain
Ambassadors of Brazil to Italy
Ambassadors of Brazil to Peru
Ambassadors of Brazil to Russia
Defence ministers of Brazil
People from Rio de Janeiro ( city )
Sarkhuiyeh ( , also Romanized as Sarkhūīyeh ; also known as Sarkhūeeyeh ) is a village in Jowzam Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 46 , in 8 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The 2011 NCAA Division III men 's basketball tournament was a single-elimination tournament to determine the men 's collegiate basketball national champion of National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division III . The tournament began on March 3 , 2011 . The tournament consists of 61 teams arranged in four sections . The top three teams earn a bye to the second round . The other 58 teams compete in the first round . The first two rounds in each section are held at campus location : four sites per section . The third and fourth rounds take place at the sectional location . The national semifinals and national championship will be held at the Salem Civic Center in Salem , Virginia .
Forty-two teams were granted automatic bids as the champion of their conference . One independent team was selected , and 18 teams were selected as at-large participants .
Qualified teams
Sectional play
Wooster , Ohio Sectional
Williamstown , Massachusetts Sectional
Rock Island , Illinois Sectional
Rochester , New York Sectional
Semifinals and National championship – Salem , Virginia
References
NCAA Division III men 's basketball tournament
Ncaa Tournament
Bella Vista is a royal palace of the Nizam during the existence of Hyderabad State , now located in Hyderabad , Telangana , India . It is an Indo-European building standing on a verdant campus . The building 's French architect named it Bella Vista , meaning beautiful sight , since it overlooks the Hussain sagar lake . It is located in the Saifabad suburb and is modeled on the Henley-on-Thames of England .
History
Muslehuddin Mohammed , bar-at-law , became Chief Justice of the High Court of Hyderabad and was given the title Hakim-ud-Dowla . They constructed the palace as their residence in 1905 . They lived there from 1905 to 1914 when they fell victim to plague at the age of 57 . On their death in 1916 , the family decided to sell the palace . The last Nizam purchased it , along with furniture , for Rs 60,000 in 1917 .
It was in this palace that the elder son of the Seventh Nizam-Mir Osman Ali Khan who was heir apparent to the throne of Hyderabad - Prince of Berar , Azam Jah lived with their wife , Princess Durru Shehvar .
Some of the famous visitors to the palace include Muhammad Ali Jinnah . It now houses the Administrative Staff College of India .
References
Hyderabad State
Heritage structures in Hyderabad , India
Royal residences in India
Palaces in Hyderabad , India
Palaces of Nizams of Hyderabad
The white-tailed ant thrush ( Neocossyphus poensis ) , also known as the white-tailed rufous thrush , is a species of bird in the family Turdidae . It is found in Angola , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Republic of the Congo , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Ivory Coast , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon , Ghana , Guinea , Kenya , Liberia , Nigeria , Sierra Leone , Tanzania , Togo , and Uganda . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
white-tailed ant thrush
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of West Africa
Birds described in 1844
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chlorophyll c is a form of chlorophyll found in certain marine algae , including the photosynthetic Chromista ( e.g . diatoms and brown algae ) and dinoflagellates .
It has a blue-green color and is an accessory pigment , particularly significant in its absorption of light in the 447–52 nm wavelength region . Like chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b , it helps the organism gather light and passes a quanta of excitation energy through the light harvesting antennae to the photosynthetic reaction centre . Chlorophyll c is unusual because it has a porphyrin ring structure and does not have an isoprenoid tail or a reduced ring D , features typical of the other chlorophylls commonly found in algae and plants .
Chlorophyll c can be further divided into chlorophyll c1 , chlorophyll c2 , and chlorophyll c3 , plus at least eight other more recently found subtypes .
Chlorophyll c1
Chlorophyll c1 is a common form of chlorophyll c. It differs from chlorophyll c2 in its C8 group , having an ethyl group instead of vinyl group ( C-C single bond instead of C=C double bond ) .
Its absorption maxima are around 444 , 577 , 626 nm and 447 , 579 , 629 nm in diethyl ether and acetone respectively .
Chlorophyll c2
Chlorophyll c2 is the most common form of chlorophyll c .
Its absorption maxima are around 447 , 580 , 627 nm and 450 , 581 , 629 nm in diethyl ether and acetone respectively .
Chlorophyll c3
Chlorophyll c3 is a form of chlorophyll c found in microalga Emiliania huxleyi , identified in 1989 .
Its absorption maxima are around 452 , 585 , 625 nm and 452 , 585 , 627 nm in diethyl ether and acetone respectively .
References
Porphyrins
Photosynthetic pigments
Brown algae
Diatom biology
Scott Davis and Jacco Eltingh were the defending champions , but Eltingh did not compete this year . Davis teamed up with David Pate and lost in the first round to Brian Devening and Jaime Oncins .
Rick Leach and Jared Palmer won the title by defeating Byron Black and Jonathan Stark 4–6 , 6–4 , 6–4 in the final .
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Official results archive ( ATP )
Official results archive ( ITF )
San Jose Open - Doubles
The meridian 129° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean , Asia , Australia , the Indian Ocean , the Southern Ocean , and Antarctica to the South Pole .
The 129th meridian east forms a great circle with the 51st meridian west .
In Australia , the meridian nominally defines the eastern border of Western Australia , and the western borders of the Northern Territory and South Australia . However , the border of Western Australia actually meets the Northern Territory border and South Australian border at the 26th parallel south , at what is known as Surveyor Generals Corner .
From Pole to Pole
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole , the 129th meridian east passes through :
{ | class= '' wikitable plainrowheaders ''
! scope= '' col '' width= '' 130 '' | Co-ordinates
! scope= '' col '' | Country , territory or sea
! scope= '' col '' | Notes
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Arctic Ocean
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Laptev Sea
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
|-valign= '' top ''
|
! scope= '' row '' |
| Sakha Republic — islands of the Lena Delta and the mainland Amur Oblast — from
|-valign= '' top ''
|
! scope= '' row '' |
| Heilongjiang Jilin — from
|-
|
! scope= '' row '' |
|
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Sea of Japan
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
|-
|
! scope= '' row '' |
| Passing just west of Busan
|-valign= '' top ''
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | East China Sea
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Korea Strait — passing just west of the island of Tsushima Island , Nagasaki Prefecture , ( at )
|-valign= '' top ''
|
! scope= '' row '' |
| Nagasaki Prefecture — islands of Nakadorijima , Wakamatsujima and Kabajima , Gotō Islands
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | East China Sea
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
|-valign= '' top ''
|
! scope= '' row '' |
| Kagoshima Prefecture — islands of Kaminonejima and Yokoatejima , Tokara Islands
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | East China Sea
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
|-valign= '' top ''
|
! scope= '' row '' |
| Kagoshima Prefecture — island of Tokunoshima
|-valign= '' top ''
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Pacific Ocean
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Passing just east of the island of Halmahera , ( at )
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Halmahera Sea
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Ceram Sea
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
|-
|
! scope= '' row '' |
| Island of Seram
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Banda Sea
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
|-
|
! scope= '' row '' |
| Island of Sermata
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Timor Sea
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
|-valign= '' top ''
|
! scope= '' row '' |
| Western Australia / Northern Territory border Western Australia / South Australia border — from
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Indian Ocean
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Australian authorities consider this to be part of the Southern Ocean
|-
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
! scope= '' row '' style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' | Southern Ocean
| style= '' background : # b0e0e6 ; '' |
|-
|
! scope= '' row '' | Antarctica
| Australian Antarctic Territory , claimed by
|-
| }
See also
128th meridian east
130th meridian east
References
e129 meridian east
Borders of the Northern Territory
Borders of Western Australia
Borders of South Australia
Frederick Thackeray ( 23 February 1817 – 28 July 1892 ) was an English clergyman and cricketer who played first-class cricket for Cambridge University , the Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) and many other amateur teams between 1837 and 1854 . They were born at Cambridge and died at Chappel , Essex .
The son of Frederick Thackeray , physician at Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge , Thackeray was the first cousin of novelist William Makepeace Thackeray . They were educated at Eton College and Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge .
As a cricketer , they were usually a lower-order batsman and a right-arm fast bowler in the round-arm style ; it is not known whether they batted right- or left-handed , and occasionally they batted in the upper order . Scorecards for matches of their time are often incomplete and their precise career bowling figures are also unknown ; in addition , their bowling style may be suspect , as , in 1841 , there were two matches billed as between the `` Fast Bowlers '' and the `` Slow Bowlers '' , and Thackeray played in both , once for each side .
Thackeray had a long career for Cambridge by university standards , playing regularly for the university side from 1837 to 1840 and then intermittently through to 1843 . They appeared three times in the University Match against Oxford University in 1838 , 1839 and 1840 , though they made no impact as a bowler in any of these matches . From 1839 , they played after the university term was over for MCC and a variety of other teams , including the Cambridge Town Club , and they had more success as a batsman in some of these matches : their highest first-class score was an innings of 73 made for the MCC against the North at Burton upon Trent in 1840 . In 1841 and 1842 , they played for the England cricket team in matches against Kent and Sussex that featured many of the leading cricketers of the day . And in 1845 their best bowling – five wickets for 57 runs – came in their solitary game for the Manchester Cricket Club , a match against a Sheffield Cricket Club side that was labelled as `` Yorkshire '' . They played only one further first-class match after 1845 : a game for the Cambridge Town Club against Cambridge University in which they scored 51 , their second first-class half-century , and in which their half-brother , Charles , made their only first-class cricket appearance .
The unusual length of Thackeray 's cricket career ( for a Cambridge University cricketer ) may have been to do with an apparent change in direction . Thackeray graduated as a Bachelor of Arts in 1840 , and the following year as a Bachelor of Medicine , having been in receipt of one of the Tancred scholarships endowed at Gonville and Caius for aspiring medical doctors . They did not practise as a doctor , however , and in 1844 they were ordained as a Church of England deacon , becoming a priest in 1845 . They were a curate at St Thomas ' church in Stockport from 1844 to 1846 ( which explains their appearance for Manchester Cricket Club in 1845 ) and then from 1847 to their death in 1892 they were vicar of Shopland in Essex and curate at nearby Great Wakering .
References
External links
1817 births
1892 deaths
English cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Cambridge Town Club cricketers
Gentlemen of England cricketers
Manchester Cricket Club cricketers
Non-international England cricketers
North v South cricketers
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge
19th-century English Anglican priests
Midland Counties cricketers
Fast v Slow cricketers
F
Mirjana Spoljaric Egger is a Swiss diplomat . They are Deputy Administrator of the United Nations Development Program ( UNDP ) and Director of the UNDP Regional Office for Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States . They were appointed to this position by the Secretary-General of the United Nations in August 2018 and took office in October 2018 . On 1 October 2022 , they will be the first woman to hold the presidency of the International Committee of the Red Cross .
Life and work
Egger studied philosophy , economics and international law at the University of Basel and the University of Geneva . They finished their studies with a master 's degree . They then worked as a research assistant at the Faculty of Law of the University of Basel . In 2000 , they joined the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs , where they held various positions , including in Bern and New York . From 2004 to 2006 , they taught on global governance in the Department of Sociology at the University of Lucerne .
They initially worked at the Swiss Embassy in Cairo and was desk officer for the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and Nuclear Safety in Central and Eastern Europe . From 2010 to 2012 , Egger was posted to Amman as a senior adviser at the office of the UN Commissioner General for the United Nations Relief Agency for Palestinian Refugees and Refugees ( UNRWA ) .
Most recently , they were ambassador , head of the Department of United Nations and International Organizations . They represented Switzerland in the negotiations on the UN reforms and the UN budget , in the Security Council , in the General Assembly , in the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations , in the Commission for Peace Consolidation , in the Human Rights Council and in the UN Office for Drugs and Crime .
In November 2021 , the Assembly of the International Committee of the Red Cross elected Spoljaric Egger as President of the Committee with effect from 1 October 2022 in place of Peter Maurer . They are the first woman in this office .
References
External links
Website of UNDP
Living people
Red Cross personnel
Swiss diplomats
Year of birth missing ( living people )
University of Basel alumni
University of Geneva alumni
Langford Lovell Price ( 1862–1950 ) was an English economist , born in London . They were educated at Trinity College , Oxford , became fellow and treasurer of Oriel in 1888 , and was Newmarch lecturer in statistics at University College , London in 1895–96 . In 1897 they were governor of Dulwich College and in 1898 was appointed an examiner in the `` Moral Sciences Tripos '' at Cambridge .
Writings
Price 's writings include :
Industrial Peace ( 1897 )
A Short History of Political Economy in England ( 1891 ; second edition , 1896 )
Money and its Relation to Prices ( 1896 ; third edition , 1909 )
Economic Science and Practice ( 1896 )
A Short History of English Commerce and Industry ( 1900 )
The Position and Prospects of the Study of Economic History ( 1908 )
Co-operation and Co-partnership ( 1913 )
References
English economists
1862 births
1950 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College , Oxford
People from London
Christopher Rokeby , Rokesby , Rooksby , or Rooksbie ( died 1584 ) was an English soldier and secret agent .
Rokeby 's family home was Mortham Tower at Rokeby in County Durham . They were a son of Thomas Rokeby ( died 1567 ) and their wife Jane , a daughter of Robert Constable of Cliffe . Their younger brother was the lawyer and Master of Requests Ralph Rokeby . Christopher Rokeby married Margaret Lascelles , a daughter of Sir Roger Lascelles of Brackenburgh . Their brother-in-law , Christopher Lascelles , was a Roman Catholic and a supporter of the right of Mary , Queen of Scots to the throne of England .
In November 1552 Edward VI appointed Rokeby as Marshal of Berwick as a replacement for Thomas Gower .
In 1566 William Cecil sent Rokeby into Scotland to gain the confidence of Mary , Queen of Scots and Lord Darnley . On the way they visited Lascelles at Sowerby . Their mission was to learn the names of Mary 's friends in England . Rokeby tried to get employment in the service of Lord Darnley . Mary 's secretary , Claude Nau , wrote that `` Ruxby '' gave Mary an ivory locket depicting the crucifixion . On 2 July , Rokeby made contact with an English diplomat in Edinburgh , Henry Killigrew , who had been sent to congratulate Mary on the birth of their son . Sir Robert Melville , the Scottish ambassador in London , had guessed that Rokeby was an imposter and Cecil 's agent . Rokeby 's mission was revealed , and they were arrested by Captain Lauder on 3 July . Their companions , Thomas Wright and John Turner , were released , but Rokeby was imprisoned at Spynie Palace for 20 months .
Wright returned to England and explained to officials at Berwick-upon-Tweed that they and Turner had spoken to Lord Darnley while they were riding between Leith and Edinburgh , and they knew the Standen brothers who served Darnley . Among Rokeby 's papers were letters from Cecil , including , according to Claude Nau , a gift of £100 yearly .
Mary wrote to William Cecil in October . The `` strange dealinges of ane Inglisman namyt Rewkisby '' had shaken their good opinion of him . However , their trust was restored by the reports of Sir Robert Melville and they invited Cecil to attend and assist at the baptism of their son . Cecil did not attend .
After their release , Rokeby wrote to Cecil describing their meetings with Mary , Queen of Scots in Edinburgh Castle in May 1566 . On their second day in Edinburgh , Mary , who was heavily pregnant , invited them to come at night to Edinburgh Castle . They met them in a `` little closet '' , perhaps the room where James VI was born . Mary asked them for news about the court in London . They entrusted them to the care of James Melville . The next night Rokeby was brought to the closet again . Mary sat on a little coffer without a cushion , and Rokeby knelt beside them They talked of their hopes for the English succession and their Catholic allies in the northern counties of England . They recommended that they speak with their close confidante , the Earl of Bothwell .
Rokeby 's father died while they were still a prisoner at Spynie . According to their younger brother Anthony Rokeby , after the murder of Lord Darnley , their captors coerced them to agree to assassinate Bothwell . In July 1567 , when Mary was captive at Lochleven , the English diplomat Nicholas Throckmorton advised Anthony Rokeby to go to Stirling Castle and discuss the matter with William Maitland of Lethington and the associated lords . Throckmorton felt that Elizabeth I would not condone such a plan , especially as the wider conspiracy involved the murder of the elderly Patrick Hepburn , Bishop of Moray .
Rokeby is said to have led troops against the rebels during the Rising of the North . Christopher Neville , an uncle of Charles Neville , 6th Earl of Westmorland , tried to attack and kill Rokeby at a horse race , but they were defended by family followers who rallied to the cry `` A Rokeby , A Rokeby '' .
A family history records that Christopher Rokeby received a pension of £100 from Queen Elizabeth for their services in Scotland , and that their servant John Turner was nearly hanged , although the author did not know what service they had done .
References
1584 deaths
Court of Mary , Queen of Scots
English spies
Christopher
16th-century English soldiers
The Volkstum ( lit . folkdom or folklore , though the meaning is wider than the common usage of folklore ) is the entire utterances of a Volk or ethnic minority over its lifetime , expressing a `` Volkscharakter '' this unit had in common . It was the defining idea of the Völkisch movement .
The term was coined by German nationalists in the context of Germany 's `` Freedom Wars '' , in marked and conscious opposition to the ideals of the French Revolution such as universal human rights . This sense of the word is now criticised in academia , though it is still in use in the protection of ethnic minorities and is a legal standard in Austria .
History
Origins
In the Age of Enlightenment the adjective volkstümlich usually meant the cultural achievements of uneducated Germans as well as popular culture . The `` Volksdichtung '' ( People 's Poetry ) was 'high ' literature , the culture of distinction , and partly devalued the elite education and partly idealised it . The concept was not yet tied to a certain nation , and attributed some of its characteristics to non-German culture .
Justus Möser ( 1720–1794 ) , Johann Gottfried von Herder ( 1744–1803 ) , Johann Georg Hamann ( 1730–1788 ) and other German Romantics gradually increased the concept by their actions into an unspoiled , organic , person liable closed and eternal `` People 's character '' ( Volkscharakter ) and charged against the monarchies then dominating Germany . Möser already bordered on being the `` Vater der Volkskunde '' ( Father of Ethnology ) the Deutschtum against the cosmopolitanism of the Enlightenment and against the French Revolution .
Friedrich Ludwig Jahn ( Deutsches Volksthum 1810 ) is considered the inventor of the noun Volkstum . They translated the foreign word Nation and thus moved it into an `` unerring something '' in every Volk . For them and for Ernst Moritz Arndt ( 1769–1860 ) and Johann Gottlieb Fichte ( 1762–1814 ) , German Volkstum was a revolutionary source not only against the foreign domination of Napoleonic France , but also against dynasties and the church , with the word Enlightenment becoming less and less used . For all three thinkers , the idea of a uniform anti-Enlightenment position with an opposed Volkstum was already linked with Antisemitism . Arndt wrote in Der Rhein , Deutschlands Strom , aber nicht Deutschlands Grenze 1813 :
They strictly rejected Jewish emancipation , whilst seeing it as every man 's natural right and goal , and in particular of the German people to the whole human race was living . They then summarised the concept as exclusive to those on the inside , not as being outside and expansive .
German Empire
The founding of the German Reich in 1871 , as a `` Kleindeutsche Lösung '' under Prussian domination , only fulfilled part of the German nationalists ' objectives , wishing and struggling as they did for the unification of all German speakers in a single nation state .
The more Volkstum concept was now part of a nationalist ideology and political propaganda . It often served as a patriotic or visionary binding-agent to cover over or overcome the real contradictions inside and outside the German empire : for example , by providing a `` Volkstumskampf '' , it summoned a corporate-agrarian Volksgemeinschaft or ideal community as the key features of Volkstum , though these did not actually exist . It was the term of choice for every figure wishing to turn to an irrational feeling and definition of unity , against both enemies inside and outside the Reich .
While the Brothers Grimm had not yet distinguished between Gemeinschaft ( community ) and Gesellschaft ( society ) , Ferdinand Tönnies ( 1855–1936 ) noted in their 1887 work Gemeinschaft und Gesellschaft that the two were mutually exclusive - they defined `` community '' as a form of mutual affirmation of the people in themselves as in their resources , their respective communities ( such as their family ) but as an understood purpose - as opposed to its mutual form as `` society '' in which the individual themselves was a purpose , with a 'community ' ( e.g . a corporation ) watching over their means . 'Community ' would in their terms be felt by children as `` the permanent and genuine '' against the `` temporary and apparent cohabitation '' of 'society ' . This was directed against the Marxism of social democracy , whose `` scientific '' reasoned ideal of the classless society was felt by Tönnies to be unworkable . They were very sceptical about a concept such as `` Volksgemeinschaft '' - in the political sphere , they held that the ancient polis , or the medieval Hanseatic city as its most pronounced form , little more than which could be expected by modern people .
Underscored by the context of Wilhelmine militarism and imperialism on the eve of the First World War , however , Heinrich Claß ( chairperson of the Alldeutscher Verband ) in contrast defined Volkstum as national assertiveness and `` Menschlichkeit '' ( humanity ) :
They also took the `` German disease '' to be the German Jewish minority , who for them embodied all the moral values and ethnic roots of `` corrosive '' internationalism .
During the war the `` Deutsche Volkstum '' and `` Deutschtum '' , particularly in universities , again became popular , in the sense of chauvinism . In `` Deutschen Reden in schwerer Zeit '' ( German Speeches in a black time ) , 35 Berlin professors spoke out against much degeneration and foreigners , calling the World War a `` Reinigungsbad '' and the `` fountain cellar of a new culture '' . Gustav Röthen , for example , saw it as the mass killings of the `` sacred flame , faithful to the world-historical mission of the German people against barbarism and sub-culture '' .
Weimar Republic
Third Reich
Under National Socialism Volkstum was aggressively interpreted . Adolf Hitler , in Mein Kampf , put Volkstum alongside race , `` because the Volkstum , better than Race , lies not just in the speech , but in the blood . ''
After the `` Machtergreifung '' , various university and non-university groups oriented towards völkisch and volkstum-politics were linked to cross-disciplinary `` research communities '' , into which `` Volk history '' and `` Ostforschung '' were integrated , closely connected to the Nazi state and party . Their specialist disciplines became programmes with more state backing and funding than ever before . The concept of an `` ethnic Volkstum '' was divided into `` Volksgenossen '' ( Volk comrades ) and `` Volksfeinde '' ( Volk enemies ) , so that the Volkstum concept was revised and became more strongly oriented towards racist and warlike solutions .
Above all , the Prussian archivist Albert Brackmann advocated and led the Gleichschaltung of the Nordostdeutschen Forschungsgemeinschaft ( Northeast German Research Foundation ) , which centrally directed research on East German history and controlled numerous projects on the issues of border demarcation and population policy . The young historians of Königsberg supported the `` Ostpolitik '' ( Eastern Policy ) of the NSDAP , for no academic elite had emerged within the party itself . After 1937 the Norddeutsche and Ostdeutsche Forschungsgemeinschafts combined as a single large state-funded research organization . The impact of Volkstum historians was decisive in the use of their expertise in the Nazi ethnic policies in the conquered areas of eastern Europe from 1939 onwards . They drafted numerous maps and statistics , serving Nazi planning as the basis of its settlement and population policy in Poland , the Baltic states , Ukraine and Belarus .
The Nazis during the war made repeated efforts to propagate Volkstum ( `` racial consciousness '' ) , pamphlets were issued that enjoined all German women to avoid sexual relations with all foreign workers brought to Germany as a danger to their blood .
The policy of `` Eindeutschung '' propagated and legitimated by the Volkstum historians , which made so-called German installations as ethnically and culturally , also favoured the Holocaust , even if they did not conceive it and were not directly involved in it .
Since 1945
After 1945 the concept was first used in its political sense in Germany as an expression of nationalist ideology and avoided by neutral words like `` Bevölkerung '' ( population ) . Bertolt Brecht formulated it as : The Volk is not tümlich . In the DDR the term `` Volk '' – without `` -tum '' – expressed the supposed conformity of the population with the SED and the state in such word combinations as Volksdemokratie , Volkspolizei and Volksarmee . By contrast a later opposition slogan was `` Wir sind das Volk '' .
In Austria the concept was equally needed , but in a multi-ethnic monarchy . Thus in the 1976 National Minorities Act the term `` Volksgruppe '' served approximately as a synonym for national minority , according to the Framework Convention for the Protection of National Minorities of the Council of Europe . Section 6 in the German Federal Expellee Law also used the expression . The legislature of Switzerland explained Volkstum , at the time of ratification of the Framework Convention , as `` inspired by the desire [ ... ] to together preserve what relates to their common identity , including their culture , their traditions , their religion or their language '' . In accordance with this legislation Volkstum is primarily used to mean an expression of the self-perception of a population group . In its popular sense ( close to the usual English sense of folklore ) , the term appears occasionally in Germany as describing regional traditions ( the Volkstum of the Danube Swabians , Sorbs , Frisians , etc . ) .
See also
Volksgeist
Volkstumspflege
Volkstumspolitik
RKFDV
National identity
References
Germanic mysticism
Politics of Nazi Germany
Majority–minority relations
Nationalism in Germany
German words and phrases
Bhulbhule is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal . At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3079 people living in 626 individual households .
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Mondésir is a French language surname .
List of people with the surname
Edmond Mondesir ( born 1948 ) , Martiniquais musician
Keith Mondesir ( born 1948 ) , Saint Lucian politician
Manuéla Kéclard-Mondésir ( born 1971 ) , French politician from Martinique
Mark Mondesir ( born 1964 ) , English jazz drummer
Merwin Mondesir ( born 1976 ) , Canadian actor
Michael Mondesir ( born 1966 ) , English jazz bass guitarist and composer
Nérilia Mondésir ( born 1999 ) , Haitian footballer
See also
Mondésir Alladjim ( born 1986 ) , Chadian footballer
Mon Desir restaurant
Surnames
French-language surnames
Surnames of French origin
Redwater-Andrew was a provincial electoral district in Alberta , Canada mandated to return a single member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta using the first-past-the-post method of voting from 1971 to 1993 .
History
Boundary history
Redwater-Andrew was created in 1971 from most of the Redwater district , including the communities of Redwater and Smoky Lake , and a part of Willingdon-Two Hills south of the North Saskatchewan River . In 1986 it gained a portion of Clover Bar , including Lamont , and lost some territory to Westlock-Sturgeon . In 1993 the bulk of its area was redistributed to Redwater and Vegreville-Viking , with smaller portions going to Lac La Biche-St. Paul and Clover Bar-Fort Saskatchewan .
Representation history
Despite two-term Social Credit MLA for Redwater Michael Senych running in the new constituency , it was picked up by Progressive Conservative George Topolnisky by a wide margin in the 1971 election , which saw their party sweep to power . Topolinsky held the seat for four terms , despite healthy challenges by the New Democrats . Michael Senych also attempted to re-take the seat twice , as an independent in 1982 and with the Representative Party in 1986 .
When Topolinsky retired in 1986 , Steve Zarusky held the seat for the PCs despite a strong NDP performance . They were re-elected in 1989 , and the district was abolished at the end of their second term . They ran unsuccessfully in the re-constituted Redwater district .
Election results
1970s
1980s
See also
List of Alberta provincial electoral districts
References
Further reading
External links
Elections Alberta
The Legislative Assembly of Alberta
Former provincial electoral districts of Alberta
The Fort Devens Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by El Caney St. , Antietam St. , Sherman Ave. , MacArthur Ave. and Buena Vista Street in Devens , Massachusetts , encompassing territory in both Ayer and Harvard . The district encompasses a portion of the former Fort Devens , including a large number of historically and architecturally significant buildings .
The buildings that are deemed of most significant historic importance are those that were built in the period 1929-39 . This building phase was begun after the United States Army decided to upgrade temporary facilities dating from World War I , to provide more permanent facilities at the base . This resulted in the construction of a significant number of Georgian Revival buildings in a rough U shape around a central parade ground . These buildings included dormitory facilities for soldiers , administrative office space , and warehouse facilities . This area is also significant as the site from 1933 to 1937 of an encampment of the Civilian Conservation Corps , and for its association with Congresswoman Edith Nourse Rogers , without whose efforts the base might have been closed instead of being upgraded .
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993 . Its main boundaries on the north , west , and south , are Antietam and El Caney Streets . The eastern boundary is mainly Jackson Street , although there is an extension further eastward to Auman Avenue , where there are rows of single-family housing . One of the most visually dominant elements of the district are Rogers Field , the former parade ground , and the grouping of former barracks buildings on its north side .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Middlesex County , Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Middlesex County , Massachusetts
Historic districts in Worcester County , Massachusetts
Civilian Conservation Corps in Massachusetts
Harvard , Massachusetts
Ayer , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Middlesex County , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Worcester County , Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Mitsubishi Forklift Trucks is the brand name used for a range of materials handling products manufactured and distributed by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries ( MHI ) and several of its Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklifts subsidiaries : MCFE Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklift Europe , MCFA Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklift America , MLAP Mitsubishi Logisnext Asia Pacific , and MCFC Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklift ( Shanghai ) .
History
The Mitsubishi Forklift Trucks brand was formed in 1992 when MHI entered a joint venture with Caterpillar Inc .
In February 2013 , Mitsubishi Forklift Trucks has signed an agreement with the Japanese company Nichiyu to create Mitsubishi Nichiyu Forklift Co. , Ltd .
As of 2018 , Mitsubishi Forklift Trucks operates as a subsidiary of Mitsubishi Logisnext .
Products
Mitsubishi Forklift Trucks products cover a range of counterbalance forklift trucks and warehouse equipment , including :
• IC engine counterbalance trucks ( diesel and LPG )
• Electric counterbalance trucks
• Powered pallet trucks
• Stackers
• Order pickers
• Reach and multi-way trucks
Although many of the designs and components are common to all regions , there are some differences in the product ranges across continents .
Production facilities
Worldwide headquarters :
Nagaokakyō , Japan
Manufacturing centres :
Pamplona , Spain
Almere , the Netherlands
Järvenpää , Finland
Marengo , Illinois
Houston , Texas
Ōmihachiman , Japan
Dalian , China
References
External links
Mitsubishi Forklift Trucks
Forklift truck manufacturers
Mitsubishi companies
Japanese brands
Companies based in Kyoto Prefecture
Japanese companies established in 1992
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Gornja Stara Vas ( ; , in older sources also Gorenja Stara Vas , ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia ( the traditional region of Lower Carniola ) . Within the municipality , it belongs to the Village Community of Zagrad . The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region .
References
External links
Gornja Stara Vas at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Škocjan
District 7 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes portions of Douglas and Lane counties . The current representative for the district is Republican Cedric Ross Hayden of Fall Creek .
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time , therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Douglas County , Oregon
Lane County , Oregon
Qebchaq ( , also Romanized as Qebchāq ) is a village in Malard Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 2,010 , in 507 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
St. James Anglican Church , in Kerikeri , New Zealand , is a congregation of the Anglican Church in Aotearoa in the Diocese of Auckland , currently operated as a mission of St. Paul 's Church , Whangaroa . It is noted for its historic church building , which was built in 1878 .
History
The first chapel was started in November 1823 and opened some 6 months later , but this was not built on the site of the present church . The second chapel , which was started some time early in 1829 , was by tradition built on the site chosen by the redoubtable Hongi Hika , then the paramount chief of the Ngāpuhi . When the Mission Station was disbanded in 1848 this chapel fell into disrepair with the result that a new church was built on the same site in 1878 . An extract form the Church Gazette reads : `` A remarkable neat little church was opened at Kerikeri on December 5th 1878 . The services were conducted by Archdeacon Clarke and the Rev H P Tua . '' The entire cost of the building was two hundred and thirty five pounds : a small debt of ten pounds was all that was owed .
The building was made of Kauri weather boards ( boards and battens ) and a shingle roof , and foundations of puriri piles on stone blocks . William Cook and Son of Waimate North , who had built the church of St. John the Baptist in 1871 , were also the builders of St James .
Dedication
The church is dedicated to St James the Greater of Compostela . Tradition has it that after their martyrdom in AD 42 , the body of St James was placed in a boat without sail or rudder which drifted onto the Spanish coast . Their shrine at Compostela became a famous place of pilgrimage and still is today .
References
External links
Official website
New Zealand Heritage
Anglican churches in New Zealand
Churches completed in 1878
19th-century Anglican church buildings
Far North District
Bay of Islands
1870s architecture in New Zealand
Religious organizations established in 1823
Religious buildings and structures in the Northland Region
Bogdănești is a commune in Bacău County , Western Moldavia , Romania located on the Oituz River valley . It is composed of two villages , Bogdănești and Filipești .
Natives
Nicolae Matei
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The Royal Moroccan Hockey Federation or Fédération Royale Marocaine de Hockey is the governing body of field hockey in Morocco . It is affiliated to IHF International Hockey Federation and AHF African Hockey Federation . The headquarters of the Federation are in Casablanca , Morocco .
Their star player and striker is called Mohamed Boussoufi . He 's almost on their way to make 20 goals and 15 assists for BH & BC Breda H2 in the Dutch Hoofdklasse . Kicked off their goal spree with a peach of a goal versus Oranje Rood . Ketchup bottle theory on the cards here . Big fan of the 5th quarter .
Kamal Ghallali is President of the Federation .
History
The federation was established on 15 November 1958 . The game was initially practised in Casablanca and was not being developed in the other parts of the country .
See also
African Hockey Federation
References
External links
Morocco-IIHF
Morocco-FIH
Morocco Hockey
Morocco Hockey-FB
Morocco
Hockey
Section 50C of the Isle of Man Income Tax Act 1970 is an Act of Tynwald ( the Parliament of the Isle of Man ) which created a new type of pension arrangement , adding to the Isle of Man 's existing local and international pension legislation . Pension schemes approved under 50C met the applicable HMRC regulations on Qualifying Recognised Overseas Pension Schemes ( QROPS ) until 5 April 2012 when the regulations changed .
Background
In the period following A-day , the new UK pension framework introduced by the Finance Act 2004 led many more British expatriates to transfer their UK ( occupational and personal ) pensions to overseas pension schemes ( termed QROPS ) approved for this purpose . A small number of international finance centres quickly became popular with specialist pension providers seeking to establish QROPS . The Isle of Man , whilst a popular centre , with many schemes approved on the QROPS list , was not initially the most attractive QROPS location , because the existing Isle of Man pensions tax framework meant that pensions payable from Manx pension schemes were , in many cases , subject to Isle of Man income tax at source . This was uncompetitive compared to some other QROPS centres whose schemes could , by exemption or otherwise , pay pensions gross , without deduction of tax . The new 50C legislation was introduced into Isle of Man law on 22 October 2010 , to create a new pensions taxation framework specifically designed to satisfy the QROPS requirements , and to permit the payment of pension and other benefits free of Isle of Man tax , and in doing so to position the Isle of Man as the premier centre for QROPS business .
Overview
The new legislation was introduced by Order under section 15 of the Income Tax Act 1995 . The Income Tax ( Pensions ) ( Temporary Taxation ) Order 2010 ( SD 807/10 ) amended the Income Tax Act 1970 by inserting a new section 50C headed `` 50C Relief for certain personal and occupational pension schemes . ''
The main characteristics of a 50C scheme are :
it is available to residents and non-residents of the Isle of Man ;
it is registered with the Insurance and Pensions Authority ;
it is tax-approved by the Assessor of Income Tax to ensure that it satisfies the statutory requirements ;
it is properly established under irrevocable trusts governed by the laws of the Isle of Man ;
its sole purpose must be to provide relevant benefits for the member ;
unless the ill health condition is met , the payment of benefits can not commence until the member attains the age of 55 ;
at least 70 % of tax-relieved funds are to provide the member with an income for life ;
its income from investments or deposits will be exempt from Isle of Man income tax ;
its administrator and at least one trustee will be resident in the Isle of Man ; and
its administrator will have a fixed place of business in the Isle of Man , from which the administrator 's business is conducted .
Where there is reference above to “ tax-relieved funds ” , this is interpreted by the Assessor of Income Tax , in the context of transfers in , to be synonymous with the value of the fund transferred in . So the 50C requirement to designate at least 70 % of tax-relieved funds for pension means at least 70 % of transfer values received must provide a pension . This is precisely the same requirement as that which exists under UK QROPS rules ( SI 2006/206 ) . In other words , at least 70 % of the transfer value into a 50C QROPS must provide a pension for life . The remainder can therefore be paid as a retirement lump sum .
Any members of a QROPS who are resident or recently resident in the United Kingdom for tax purposes will be subject to member payment charges . So the maximum lump sum under a 50C scheme should be restricted to 25 % of fund value if the member is subject to member payment charges , otherwise the excess would be an unauthorised member payment .
The 50C legislation was officially reviewed by HMRC to ascertain if the legislation meets with the requirements set by HMRC to be a QROP scheme . On 24 June 2011 , HMRC wrote to the Isle of Man Assessor of Income Tax to confirm that schemes approved under 50C were capable of meeting the QROPS criteria set by HMRC , signalling the official end to QROPS review .
In December 2011 , HMRC announced a change to QROPS regulations and , following consultation , revised regulations were brought in effective 6 April 2012 by SI 2012/884 . The amended regulations introduced a new “ benefits exemption test ” for overseas schemes whose pensions are not taxed in the overseas country – that if benefits are not subject to tax , then the same tax break has to apply for local residents as it does for non-residents . To quote HMRC , the new test “ removes the distortion that makes a scheme more attractive for non-residents than residents from a tax perspective ” . Isle of Man 50C schemes do not pass the new test – because 50C pensions are subject to tax in the case of Isle of Man residents – and so 10 Isle of Man schemes fell off the official QROPS list when it was first re-published by HMRC after 6 April 2012 . Nonetheless 173 Isle of Man QROPS remain .
The implications however were much larger for Guernsey-based QROPS . Notwithstanding a change in Guernsey pensions legislation in order to attempt to comply with the new QROPS regulations , over 300 Guernsey QROPS were removed from the 12 April 2012 HMRC official list , leaving just 3 . The reason for the cull of Guernsey schemes from the QROPS list remains unclear in the absence of any official HMRC statement .
See also
List of Acts of Tynwald # 1970s
References
External links
Isle of Man Introduces New Pension Scheme
Manx law
Tax legislation
1970 in law
1970 in the Isle of Man
Lafortune may refer to :
Bill LaFortune ( born 1957 ) , mayor of Tulsa , Oklahoma from 2002 to 2006
Charles Lafortune ( born 1969 ) , Quebec , Canadian actor and television and radio personality
David Arthur Lafortune ( 1848–1922 ) , Quebec , Canada lawyer and politician , member of the Canadian House of Commons
Felicity LaFortune ( born 1954 ) , American actor and singer
François Lafortune , Sr . ( 1896- ? ? ? ? ) , Belgian rifle shooter and Olympian
François Lafortune , Jr. ( born 1932 ) , Belgian rifle shooter and Olympian
Hubert Lafortune ( 1889- ? ? ? ? ) , Belgian gymnast and Olympian
Jeanne Lafortune , Canadian economist based in Chile
Luc Lafortune ( born 1958 ) , Canadian lighting designer in the entertainment industry . One of the original designers of Cirque du Soleil
Marcel Lafortune ( 1900- ? ? ? ? ) , Belgian rifle shooter and Olympian
Robert J. LaFortune ( born 1927 ) , American Republican politician and mayor of Tulsa , Oklahoma from 1970 to 1978
In cell biology , the centrosome ( Latin centrum 'center ' + Greek sōma 'body ' ) ( archaically cytocentre ) is an organelle that serves as the main microtubule organizing center ( MTOC ) of the animal cell , as well as a regulator of cell-cycle progression . The centrosome provides structure for the cell . The centrosome is thought to have evolved only in the metazoan lineage of eukaryotic cells . Fungi and plants lack centrosomes and therefore use other structures to organize their microtubules . Although the centrosome has a key role in efficient mitosis in animal cells , it is not essential in certain fly and flatworm species .
Centrosomes are composed of two centrioles arranged at right angles to each other , and surrounded by a dense , highly structured mass of protein termed the pericentriolar material ( PCM ) . The PCM contains proteins responsible for microtubule nucleation and anchoring — including γ-tubulin , pericentrin and ninein . In general , each centriole of the centrosome is based on a nine-triplet microtubule assembled in a cartwheel structure , and contains centrin , cenexin and tektin .
In many cell types , the centrosome is replaced by a cilium during cellular differentiation . However , once the cell starts to divide , the cilium is replaced again by the centrosome .
History
The centrosome was discovered jointly by Walther Flemming in 1875 and Edouard Van Beneden in 1876 , and later described and named in 1888 by Theodor Boveri .
Functions
Centrosomes are associated with the nuclear membrane during the prophase stage of the cell cycle . During mitosis , the nuclear membrane breaks down , and the centrosome-nucleated microtubules can interact with the chromosomes to build the mitotic spindle .
The mother centriole , the older of the two in the centriole pair , also has a central role in making cilia and flagella .
The centrosome is copied only once per cell cycle , so that each daughter cell inherits one centrosome , containing two structures called centrioles . The centrosome replicates during the S phase of the cell cycle . During the prophase in the process of cell division called mitosis , the centrosomes migrate to opposite poles of the cell . The mitotic spindle then forms between the two centrosomes . Upon division , each daughter cell receives one centrosome . Aberrant numbers of centrosomes in a cell have been associated with cancer . Doubling of a centrosome is similar to DNA replication in two respects : the semiconservative nature of the process and the action of CDK2 as a regulator of the process . But the processes are essentially different in that centrosome doubling does not occur by template reading and assembly . The mother centriole just aids in the accumulation of materials required for the assembly of the daughter centriole .
Centrioles , however , are not required for the progression of mitosis . When the centrioles are irradiated by a laser , mitosis proceeds normally with a morphologically normal spindle . Moreover , development of the fruit fly Drosophila is largely normal when centrioles are absent due to a mutation in a gene required for their duplication . In the absence of the centrioles , the microtubules of the spindle are focused by motors , allowing the formation of a bipolar spindle . Many cells can completely undergo interphase without centrioles .
Unlike centrioles , centrosomes are required for survival of the organism . Cells without centrosomes lack radial arrays of astral microtubules . They are also defective in spindle positioning and in the ability to establish a central localization site in cytokinesis . The function of centrosomes in this context is hypothesized to ensure the fidelity of cell division , because it greatly increases the efficacy . Some cell types arrest in the following cell cycle when centrosomes are absent . This is not a universal phenomenon .
When the nematode C. elegans egg is fertilized , the sperm delivers a pair of centrioles . These centrioles will form the centrosomes , which will direct the first cell division of the zygote , and this will determine its polarity . It 's not yet clear whether the role of the centrosome in polarity determination is microtubule-dependent or independent .
In human reproduction , the sperm supplies the centriole that creates the centrosome and microtubule system of the zygote .
Centrosome alterations in cancer cells
Theodor Boveri , in 1914 , described centrosome aberrations in cancer cells . This initial observation was subsequently extended to many types of human tumors . Centrosome alterations in cancer can be divided in two subgroups — i.e. , structural or numeric aberrations — yet both can be found simultaneously in a tumor .
Structural aberrations
Usually , structural aberrations appear due to uncontrolled expression of centrosome components , or due to post-translational modifications ( such as phosphorylations ) that are not adequate for the components . These modifications may produce variations in centrosome size ( usually too large , due to an excess of pericentriolar material ) . In addition , because centrosomal proteins have a tendency to form aggregates , centrosome-related bodies ( CRBs ) are often observed in ectopic places . Both enlarged centrosomes and CRBs are similar to the centrosomal structures observed in tumors . Even more , these structures can be induced in culture cells by overexpression of specific centrosomal proteins , such as CNap-1 or Nlp . These structures may look very similar , yet detailed studies reveal that they may present very different properties , depending on their proteic composition . For instance , their capacity to incorporate γ-TuRC complexes ( see also : γ-tubulin ) can be very variable , and so their capacity to nucleate microtubules therefore affects the shape , polarity and motility of implicated tumor cells in different ways .
Numeric aberrations
The presence of an inadequate number of centrosomes is very often linked to the appearance of genome instability and the loss of tissue differentiation . However , the method to count the centrosome number ( with two centrioles to each centrosome ) is often not very precise , because it is frequently assessed using fluorescence microscopy , which does not have high enough optical resolution to resolve centrioles that are very close to each other . Nevertheless , it is clear that the presence of an excess of centrosomes is a common event in human tumors . It has been observed that loss of the tumor-suppressor p53 produces superfluous centrosomes , as well as deregulating other proteins implicated in cancer formation in humans , such as BRCA1 and BRCA2 . ( For references , see . ) An excess of centrosomes can be generated by very different mechanisms : specific reduplication of the centrosome , cytokinesis failure during cell division ( generating an increase in chromosome number ) , cell fusion ( such as in cases of infection by specific viruses ) or de novo generation of centrosomes . At this point , there is insufficient information to know how prevalent these mechanisms are in vivo , but it is possible that the increase in centrosome numbers due to a failure during cell division might be more frequent than appreciated , because many `` primary '' defects in one cell ( deregulation of the cell cycle , defective DNA or chromatin metabolism , failure in the spindle checkpoint , etc . ) would generate a failure in cell division , an increase in ploidy and an increase in centrosome numbers as a `` secondary '' effect .
Evolution
The evolutionary history of the centrosome and the centriole has been traced for some of the signature genes — e.g. , the centrins . Centrins participate in calcium signaling and are required for centriole duplication . There exist two main subfamilies of centrins , both of which are present in the early-branching eukaryote Giardia intestinalis . Centrins have therefore been present in the common ancestor of eukaryotes . Conversely , they have no recognizable homologs in archea and bacteria and are thus part of the `` eukaryotic signature genes '' . Although there are studies on the evolution of the centrins and centrioles , no studies have been published on the evolution of the pericentriolar material .
It is evident that some parts of the centrosome are highly diverged in the model species Drosophila melanogaster and Caenorhabditis elegans . For example , both species have lost one of the centrin subfamilies that are usually associated with centriole duplication . Drosophila melanogaster mutants that lack centrosomes can even develop to morphologically normal adult flies , which then die shortly after birth because their sensory neurons lack cilia . Thus , these flies have evolved functionally redundant machinery , which is independent of the centrosomes .
Associated nucleotides
Research in 2006 indicated that centrosomes from Atlantic surf clam eggs contain RNA sequences . The sequences identified were found in `` few to no '' other places in the cell , and do not appear in existing genome databases . One identified RNA sequence contains a putative RNA polymerase , leading to the hypothesis of an RNA-based genome within the centrosome . However , subsequent research has shown that centrosome does not contain their own DNA-based genomes . While it was confirmed that RNA molecules associate with centrosomes , the sequences have still been found within the nucleus . Furthermore , centrosomes can form de novo after having been removed ( e.g. , by laser irradiation ) from normal cells .
References
Charles R. Lyons ( 1933–1999 ) was an American professor of drama and comparative literature at Stanford University and co-owner of the art gallery Lyons Ltd . They received their AB ( 1955 ) , MA ( 1956 ) , and PhD ( 1964 ) from Stanford as well . As an undergraduate at Stanford they focused on Shakespeare with the legendary professor Margery Bailey , the namesake of their endowed chair . They are best known as a theorist and teacher of theater . Their interest in performance began in the 1950s as a professional actor in Los Angeles where they routinely performed at the Pasadena Playhouse . After finishing their masters , Lyons spent four years as a lieutenant in US Navy , where they served in the Far East and later in Washington , D.C as a liaison to Jacques Cousteau .
In the early 1960s Lyons took a teaching position at Principia College in Illinois . In 1968 they moved on to the University of California , Berkeley becoming a professor of dramatic art and later the associate dean of letters and sciences . They returned to Stanford as chair of the theater department in 1973 and installed an undergraduate and doctoral program that established a new approach for the training of theater practitioners and theater scholars .
Lyons ' scholarly writings included Shakespeare , Chekov , Ibsen , Brecht , Beckett , and Shepard . Their former students currently occupy key positions in theater and performance departments across the US and in Europe , as well in repertory theaters , professional theater companies , and the film industry . Throughout their career , Lyons continued to work at the practice of theater , directing productions of John Gay 's The Beggar 's Opera , Samuel Beckett 's Endgame , William Shakespeare 's Two Gentlemen of Verona and Hamlet with Andre Braugher in the title role .
Concerned with diversity issues within the arts , Lyons put forward a new Institute for Diversity in the Arts at Stanford , financed by the James Irvine Foundation .
Awards
Fulbright scholar
National Endowment for the Humanities fellowship
Guggenheim Fellowship
Works
References
Stanford University alumni
Stanford University Department of Drama faculty
MacArthur Fellows
American theatre directors
20th-century American educators
Principia College faculty
University of California , Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
Postmodern theatre
1933 births
1999 deaths
Prince of Vergara ( ) was a life title in the Peerage of Spain , granted in 1872 by Amadeo I to Baldomero Espartero , who was Regent of Spain from 1840 to 1843 . The title makes reference to the Convention of Vergara , a symbolic embrace between Espartero and Rafael Maroto which put an end to the First Carlist War in 1839 .
As a life title , it was not inheritable and thus ceased to exist after Espartero 's death in 1879 .
History
When Isabella II was dethroned by the Glorious Revolution , the provisional government offered the Spanish Crown to Espartero , an offer that the general rejected . The throne would finally be accepted in December 1870 by Amadeo of Savoy , Duke of Aosta , who visited Espartero in 1871 at their palace in Logroño .
Espartero went to meet king Amadeo at the railway station dressed in a gala suit as captain general , accompanied by civil and military authorities of the city . Both traveled together to the general 's house , where the monarch spent two days . The nature and content of their conversations during the time they spent together is unknown , but when Espartero accompanied them back to the train station , they displayed signs of joy , respect and seemed to treat them as the legitimate king of Spain , a recognition that could very well be the one Amadeo was looking for .
On their return to Madrid in early January 1872 , the king granted them the title of Prince of Vergara with the style of Highness . Although Spanish customs did not allow any prince titles apart from Prince of Asturias ( held by the heir to the throne ) , Amadeo granted the title more in line with their native Italian peerage traditions , where non-royal princes were common . Along with `` Prince of the Peace '' , Vergara has been the only non-royal princely title in the history of Spain .
Princes of Vergara ( 1872 )
Baldomero Fernández-Espartero y Álvarez de Toro , Prince of Vergara ( 1793-1879 )
See also
Príncipe de Vergara ( Madrid Metro )
Prince of the Peace
References
Lists of princes
Lists of Spanish nobility
The Metro Catholic Conference ( MCC ) is a high school athletic conference in St. Louis , Missouri .
History
Until the founding of the MCC in 1991 , the `` Big Five '' all-male high schools in the St. Louis area had never been in one conference at the same time , despite all having enjoyed long athletic traditions . While the schools had competed in several previous leagues—namely the Prep League , Bi-State Athletic Conference , and Catholic Athletic Conference—those conferences had all dissolved , due to declining numbers of member schools , logistical hurdles in having conferences with both Missouri and Illinois schools , and differences of opinion between Archdiocese-run schools and those run by religious orders . Since the MCC 's formation , levels of competition have increased , schools have expanded their facilities , and in general the league has positioned itself as one of the state 's most competitive high school competitions .
Soccer has long been the dominant sport among MCC schools ; while several schools have had competitive football teams ( including state championships won by DeSmet in 2005 and 2019 , and CBC in 2014 , 2017 , and 2018 ) , it has been `` the beautiful game '' where the MCC has excelled . It is not uncommon for even the league 's two smallest schools , Chaminade and Vianney , to field four teams , such is the popularity of soccer among their students . In fact , there has been only one season—2000—where the Missouri `` Show-Me Cup '' final did not feature at least one MCC team . In addition , ice hockey has become another popular sport among the schools , spearheaded by CBC 's record winning streak from 2002 to 2006 , where they won more than 130 consecutive games .
Sports offered by all MCC schools include : ( fall ) football , soccer , cross-country , swimming ; ( winter ) hockey , basketball , wrestling , racquetball ; ( spring ) golf , tennis , track and field , lacrosse , water polo , volleyball , rugby union , and baseball .
Members
Rivalries
Traditionally , a big rivalry in the MCC was between SLUH and CBC , which until CBC 's move in 2003 saw the schools located three and a half miles apart from each other ( SLUH on Oakland Avenue in the Forest Park Southeast neighborhood of St. Louis City , CBC on Clayton Road in the neighboring suburb of Clayton ) . Until the stadium 's remodeling into a baseball-only park , the schools would play their annual football contest at Busch Memorial Stadium , joined in latter years by another rivalry : Chaminade-Vianney , the two Marianist schools in the league . Similar to the CCP-Vianney rivalry , SLUH maintained a grudge with its fellow Jesuit institution , DeSmet .
See also
List of high school athletic conferences in Missouri
References
High school sports conferences and leagues in the United States
Missouri high school athletic conferences
Catholic sports organizations
1991 establishments in Missouri
Sport leagues established in 1991
The Workers Union of the Comoros ( Union des Travailleurs des Comores , UTC ) is a national trade union center in the Comoros .
References
Trade unions in the Comoros
How Did a Nice Girl Like You Get Into This Business ? ( ( also : ) and also known as The Naughty Cheerleader ) is a 1970 West German comedy film directed by Will Tremper and starring Barbi Benton . It is based on the novel of the same title , written by Lynn Keefe .
Cast
Barbi Benton as Lynn Keefe ( as Barbara Benton )
Hampton Fancher as Gino
Jeff Cooper as Bob Greene
Broderick Crawford as B.J Hankins
Marc De Vries as Ronnie
Claude Farell as Mrs. Epstein
Hugh Hefner as Himself
Klaus Kinski as Juan José Ignatio Rodriguez de Calderon , 'Sam '
Lisa Lesco
Bruce Low as Ist Smirna brother
Paul Muller as The Director
Roman Murray as Frank
Max Nosseck as 2nd Smirna brother
Massimo Serato as Capitano
Lionel Stander as The Admiral
Clyde Ventura as Nick
José Luis de Vilallonga as Mr. Epstein
Horst Wendlandt as Reporter with cigar behind the hotel in Miami Beach ( uncredited )
Christian Anders ( minor role )
References
External links
1970 films
1970 comedy films
German comedy films
Italian comedy films
West German films
1970s English-language films
English-language German films
English-language Italian films
Films directed by Will Tremper
Films set in the United States
Films set in Italy
Films produced by Horst Wendlandt
Films scored by Klaus Doldinger
Films based on American novels
Films about prostitution in the United States
Teensploitation
1970s German films
1970s Italian films
Quo Vadis , Baby ? is a 2005 Italian drama film directed by Gabriele Salvatores .
Cast
Angela Baraldi : Giorgia Cantini
Gigio Alberti : Andrea Berti
Claudia Zanella : Ada Cantini
Elio Germano : Lucio
Luigi Maria Burruano : Captain Cantini
Andrea Renzi : Commissioner Bruni
Alessandra D'Elia : Anna Loy
Bebo Storti : Lattice
Serena Grandi
Simone Borrelli : Rospetto
Plot
Sixteen years after their sister 's tragic suicide , a tough female private detective investigates their death . Giorgia Cantini , 39 y.o. , a declining Bolognese detective who works in their father 's investigative agency , spends their nights wandering from one room to another . When Aldo -friend of their older sister , Ada , suicidal inexplicably sixteen years before- sends their videotapes that reconstruct the diary of suicide woman , Giorgia begins to dig into the past to shed light on their existence and the one of Ada .
References
External links
2005 films
2005 drama films
Italian drama films
Films directed by Gabriele Salvatores
2000s Italian-language films
2000s Italian films
Alfred `` Alf '' Ernest Wood ( 27 November 1883 – 15 February 1963 ) was an English dual-code international rugby union and professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s , 1910s and 1920s . They played representative level rugby union ( RU ) for England , and at club level for Gloucester RFC , as a fullback , i.e . number 15 , and representative level rugby league ( RL ) for Great Britain , and at club level for Oldham ( Heritage No . 119 ) , as a , i.e . number 1 .
Background
Alf Wood was born in Wolverhampton , Staffordshire , and they died aged 79 in Oldham , Lancashire , England .
Playing career
Wood won caps for England while at Gloucester RFC in 1908 against France , Wales , and Ireland . In 1908 , Wood left Gloucester RFC to play rugby league for Oldham . Alf Wood played , and scored 3-goals , in Oldham 's 9-10 defeat by Wigan in the 1908 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1908–09 season at Wheater 's Field , Broughton , Salford on Saturday 19 December 1908 . Wood played fullback in Oldham 's loss to Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1908–09 season . Wood played in Oldham 's 3-7 defeat by Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1908–09 season at The Willows , Salford on Saturday 1 May 1909 , the 13-7 victory over Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1909–10 season , and the 20-7 victory over Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1910–11 season .
Wood won caps for England while at Oldham in 1911 against Australia , and in 1914 against Wales , and won caps for Great Britain ( RL ) while at Oldham in 1911–12 against Australia ( 2 matches ) , and in 1914 against Australia , and New Zealand . In 1913 , both Billy Hall and Dave Holland left Gloucester RFC to join Oldham , following Alf Wood who had made the same journey in 1908 . Alf Wood and Dave Holland both played at Oldham until 1921 , and Billy Hall played there until 1925 . All three men played in Great Britain 's `` Rorke 's Drift '' Test match against Australia in 1914 , with Alf Wood kicking the four goals that would be the difference in the end . Alf Wood scored 1-try and 15-goals in Great Britain 's 101-0 victory over South Australia in the 1914 Great Britain Lions tour match . They were also selected to go on the 1920 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia .
References
External links
( archived by web.archive.org ) Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
( archived by archive.is ) The Legend of Rorke 's Drift by Harold Wagstaff – Captain 1914 Lions = from the `` Sports Post '' – Yorkshire – May 4,1935
1883 births
1963 deaths
Dual-code rugby internationals
England international rugby union players
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
English rugby union players
Gloucester Rugby players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Oldham R.L.F.C . players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Wolverhampton
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union players from Wolverhampton
Talenkauen is a genus of basal iguanodont dinosaur from the Campanian or Maastrichtian age of the Late Cretaceous Cerro Fortaleza Formation , formerly known as the Pari Aike Formation of Patagonian Lake Viedma , in the Austral Basin of Santa Cruz , Argentina . It is based on MPM-10001A , a partial articulated skeleton missing the rear part of the skull , the tail , and the hands . The type and only species is Talenkauen santacrucensis .
Discovery and naming
One among a string of discoveries of ornithopods in South America , following taxa such as Gasparinisaura and Anabisetia , the specimen that would become Talenkauen was collected in February 2000 and would later be described and named in a short 2004 paper by Fernando E. Novas and colleagues . It was discovered on Los Hornos Hill on the coast of Viedma Lake , in the Santa Cruz Province region of Argentina . Geologically , it hails from the Cerro Fortaleza Formation . The holotype specimen is MPM–10001A , a relatively complete and articulated skeleton . The name Talenkauen is derived from the words `` Talenk , meaning small , and kauen , meaning skull , both from the Aonikenk language . The specific name santacrucensis refers to the province of Argentina where it was found . Following its original , preliminary description , the taxon was described more thoroughly described in an unpublished PhD disseration in 2007 by Andrea V. Cambiaso . In 2020 an extensive description was published by Sebastián Rozadilla and colleagues .
It has been recognized that , nestled amongst the rock matrix of the holotype specimen , are a collection of minuscule bone fragments and teeth . Identifiable as the teeth of some degree of ornithopod , and associated with the adult specimen , this is considered to be a neonatal , or recently hatched , baby specimen of Talenkauen . It was described in a 2013 paper , which separated the specimen number MPM–10001 into MPM–10001A , for the adult specimen , and MPM–10001B , for the neonate . The specimen is one of only very few embryonic or hatchling ornithopod specimen , and was the very first discovered from the southern hemisphere . Wear on the tiny , 1.7mm wide tooth crowns indicate the individual had fed , meaning it was not an embryo and had hatched , but only recently before death . It was noted as possible that the adult had been practicing parental care due to the individuals being found together , but that more concrete evidence would be needed to confidently make such an assertion .
Description
Talenkauen was rather like Dryosaurus in shape and build , but with a proportionally longer neck . The full length of the body is estimated at no more than . However , Gregory S. Paul gave a higher estimate of in length and in body mass . Unlike more derived iguanodontians , it still had teeth in the tip of the beak ( premaxillary teeth ) , and a first toe . More derived iguanodonts lose this toe , retaining only the three middle toes . The humerus has reduced areas for muscle attachment , a featured shared with other South American ornithopods like Notohypsilophodon and Anabisetia . This and other similarities to South American ornithopods suggests that there may have been a distinct Southern Hemisphere ornithopod group , but at the time the authors cautioned that such an interpretation was not entirely justified . In 2015 , the describers of Morrosaurus found that such a clade did indeed exist .
Talenkauen is most noted for a set of smooth , ovoid plates found along the side of the rib cage . These plates can be long ( 180 millimeters , or 7.1 in ) , but are very thin ( only 3 millimeters thick [ 0.1 in ] ) . They were present with at least the first eight ribs , attaching along the middle portion of a rib and lying flat . Several other dinosaurs are known to have had similar plates , including Hypsilophodon , Nanosaurus , Parksosaurus , Thescelosaurus , and Macrogryphosaurus ( also from Argentina , but from somewhat older rocks ) , which may have been related . Because of the fragility of the plates , and the fact that they may not have always turned to bone in the living animal , they may have been more widespread than currently known . Novas and colleagues suggested that the plates may be homologous to uncinate processes , strip-like bony projections found on the ribs of a variety of animals including the tuatara , crocodiles , birds , and some maniraptoran theropod dinosaurs . In birds , uncinate processes help to ventilate the lungs , working with rib cage muscles , and Novas and colleagues proposed a similar function for the plates of Talenkauen . This homology was rejected in a more recent study by Richard Butler and Peter Galton because of the plates ' form . The plates were too thin and limited in location to have been very useful as defensive devices .
Classification
Through cladistic analysis , it was found to be more basal than Dryosaurus and Anabisetia , but more derived than Tenontosaurus and Gasparinisaura . More recently , the describers of Macrogryphosaurus found their genus and Talenkauen to be related , and coined the clade Elasmaria for the two genera . In 2015 , several other Patagonian and Antarctic ornithopods were also found to be related .
The simplified cladogram below results from analysis by Rozadilla et al. , 2019 , showing all members of Elasmaria forming a polytomy .
Palaeoecology
Talenkauen , as a basal ornithopod , would have been a small , bipedal herbivore . Other dinosaurs from the Pari Aike Formation include the giant titanosaurid Puertasaurus and the predatory neovenatorid Orkoraptor .
References
Notes
Citations
External links
National Geographic news release on Talenkauen ; the National Geographic Society was one of the supporters of the research on this dinosaur .
Ornithischian genera
Cenomanian life
Maastrichtian life
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of South America
Cretaceous Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Fossil taxa described in 2004
Taxa named by Fernando Novas
Wyville is a village in the civil parish of Wyville cum Hungerton , in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire , England , and situated approximately south-west from Grantham The whole parish covers about . The population is included in the civil parish of Little Ponton and Stroxton .
The village is an ecclesiastical parish of the Harlaxton Group of the Grantham Deanery in the Diocese of Lincoln . The incumbent is Rev Keith Hanson .
Wyville
Wyville is a small hamlet consisting mainly of a collection of farm buildings and a 19th-century church .
A small spring runs to the south of the hamlet , toward the Cringle Stream at Stoke Rochford , an early tributary of the River Witham .
Hungerton
Hungerton is a small hamlet set about a half mile northwest of Wyville . Hungerton has been the population centre of the parish in recent centuries .
History
Both villages are listed in the Domesday Book , and at the time of the survey were larger than today .
St Catherine has long been associated with Wyville . Ancient stone coffins have been found on what may have been the site of the original church . The present church was built in 1858 .
In 1848 Samuel Lewis described the parish as :
`` WYVILL , a parish , in the union of Grantham , wapentake of Loveden , parts of Kesteven , county of Lincoln , 6 miles ( N. W. ) from Colsterworth ; containing , with Hungerton , 137 inhabitants . The living is a discharged rectory , with that of Hungerton united ; net income , £35 ; patron , the Bishop of Lincoln . The church is in ruins , and the inhabitants attend that at Harlaxton . ''
A few years later John Marius Wilson said of the parish :
`` WYVILLE-WITH-HUNGERTON , a parish in Grantham district , Lincoln ; 3½ miles W by S of Great Ponton r. station , and 5 SSW of Grantham . Post town , Colsterworth , under Grantham . Acres , 1,670 . Real property , £1,840 . Pop. , 155 . Houses , 28 . The living is a double rectory in the diocese of Lincoln . Value , £35 . Patron , the Bishop of L. The church was built in 1858 . ''
References
External links
`` Wyville ( Wyville with Hungerton , or Hungerton cum Wyville ) '' , Genuki.org.uk
Villages in Lincolnshire
South Kesteven District
The Diocese in Europe ( short form for the Diocese of Gibraltar in Europe ) is a diocese of the Church of England . It was originally formed in 1842 as the Diocese of Gibraltar . It is geographically the largest diocese of the Church of England and the largest diocese in the Anglican Communion , covering some one-sixth of the Earth 's landmass , including Morocco , Europe ( excluding the British Isles ) , Turkey , Mongolia and the territory of the former Soviet Union .
The diocese is attached to the Church of England Province of Canterbury and is headed by the Bishop in Europe , who is assisted by the Suffragan Bishop in Europe . The present bishop , Robert Innes , was commissioned and consecrated on 20 July 2014 , and the current suffragan bishop is David Hamid , who was consecrated bishop on 17 October 2002 .
The see cathedral is the Cathedral of the Holy Trinity , Gibraltar and there are two pro-cathedrals , St Paul 's Pro-Cathedral , Valletta , Malta , and the Pro-Cathedral of the Holy Trinity , Brussels , Belgium . The diocese is divided into seven archdeaconries .
History
Church of England churches and congregations were established in Continental European countries before the Reformation . In 1633 overseas churches of the Church of England were placed under the jurisdiction of the Bishop of London . In 1824 , the British Foreign Secretary , George Canning , appointed Matthew Luscombe chaplain to the British embassy in Paris and to supervise all Church of England clergy on the continent . Unable to secure the support of the English bishops , Luscombe was consecrated a missionary bishop ( i.e . without a See ) by the Scottish bishops in 1825 , and functioned as a sort of proto-Bishop of Fulham .
The Diocese of Gibraltar was created on 29 September 1842 and at that time covered all Anglican chaplaincies from Portugal to the Caspian Sea . In 1842 ( shortly after the See 's erection ) , their jurisdiction was described as `` Gibraltar , and the Congregations of the Church of England in the Islands and on the Coasts of the Mediterranean '' ; a map from the same year shows churches at Lisbon , Oporto , Gibraltar , Malaga , Marseille , Nice , Tunis , Lucca , Leghorn , Florence , Rome , Palermo , Trieste , Valetta ( sic ) , Messina , Naples , Corfu , Zante , Athens , Syra , Smyrna , and Constantinople . From 1926 , Church of England parishes in northern Europe became part of the Jurisdiction of North and Central Europe , under the episcopal jurisdiction of the Bishop of London , delegated to the Suffragan Bishop of Fulham .
In 1980 , John Satterthwaite was appointed as both Bishop of Fulham and Bishop of Gibraltar , and on 30 June 1980 , the Gibraltar Diocese was officially amalgamated with the Jurisdiction of North and Central Europe . The new united diocese was renamed as the Diocese of Gibraltar in Europe and brought under the authority of the Bishop of Gibraltar in Europe .
It has since become commonly known as the Diocese in Europe .
Archdeaconries
Eastern Archdeaconry , consisting of : Albania , Armenia , Austria , Azerbaijan , Belarus , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bulgaria , Croatia , Czech Republic , Georgia , Greece , Hungary , Kosovo , Moldova , Mongolia , Montenegro , North Macedonia , Poland , Romania , Russia , Serbia , Slovakia , Slovenia , Turkey , Turkmenistan , Ukraine , and Uzbekistan . The previous archdeacon was Patrick Curran , who was based in Vienna , Austria and served 2002–2015 . The archdeacon is assisted by two area deans ( one in Greater Athens , Greece and one in Moscow , Russia ) . Colin Williams was full-time archdeacon 2015–2019 , taking charge of both the Eastern archdeaconry and that of Germany and Northern Europe , and being based in Frankfurt , Germany ; Leslie Nathaniel is Williams ' successor full-time in both roles .
Archdeaconry of Germany and Northern Europe , consisting of : Denmark , Estonia , Finland , Germany , Iceland , Latvia , Lithuania , Norway , and Sweden . The archdeacon is assisted by two area deans ; Nathaniel is also Archdeacon of Germany and Northern Europe .
Archdeaconry of France ( including Monaco ) . The archdeacon is Peter Hooper ( 2021 ) who is assisted by three area deans .
Archdeaconry of Gibraltar , consisting of : Andorra , Gibraltar , Morocco , Portugal , and Spain . The archdeacon is David Waller ; the archdeacon is assisted by two area deans .
Archdeaconry of Italy and Malta . The archdeacon is David Waller . The previous archdeacon was based in Milan , Italy and assisted by one area dean . In Italy the Archdeaconry operates through the association Chiesa d'Inghiltera , that in 2021 has signed an 'agreement ' ( Intesa ) with the Italian Republic .
Archdeaconry of North West Europe , consisting of : Belgium , Luxembourg , and the Netherlands . The archdeacon is Sam van Leer ( 2021 ) . The archdeacon is assisted by two area deans .
Archdeaconry of Switzerland . The archdeacon is Peter Hooper ( 2022 ) .
Bishops
The diocese is led by the diocesan Bishop in Europe , Robert Innes , and the Suffragan Bishop in Europe , David Hamid .
The diocese also licences many honorary assistant bishops to fulfill some episcopal duties across the European diocese . Norman Banks , Bishop of Richborough , provides alternative episcopal oversight for those chaplaincies which reject the priestly and episcopal ministry of women and of men who have ordained women . Several of these are the current bishops of other churches in Europe in communion with the Church of England :
Mark Eddington has been the bishop-in-charge of the Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe since 2019 . They live in Paris , France .
Matthias Ring has been the bishop of the Catholic Diocese of the Old Catholics in Germany since 2010 ; the diocese is based in Bonn , Germany .
Jorge de Pina Cabral has been the diocesan bishop of the Lusitanian Church since 2012 ; the diocese is based in Gaia , Portugal .
Harald Rein has been bishop of the Christian Catholic Church of Switzerland since 2009 .
The rest are retired Anglican bishops resident in England . The following are licensed according to the official diocesan website :
2001–present : Richard Garrard , retired Director of the Anglican Centre in Rome and Archbishop 's Representative to the Holy See and former Bishop of Penrith , lives in Upper Stoke , Norfolk and is also licensed in the Diocese of Norwich .
2002–present : Edward Holland , retired Bishop of Colchester , lives in Hammersmith , Greater London and is licensed in the Diocese of London .
2002–present : David Smith , retired Bishop of Bradford , lives in Dunnington , North Yorkshire and is also licensed in York diocese .
2003–present : John Flack , retired director of the Anglican Centre in Rome and Archbishop 's Representative to the Holy See and former Bishop of Huntingdon , lives in Whittlesey , Cambridgeshire .
2003–present : A retired former Bishop of Durham and Bishop of Rochester , Michael Turnbull , lives in Sandwich , Kent .
2011–present : retired Bishop of Salisbury David Stancliffe lives in Stanhope , County Durham ( he is also licensed in Durham diocese . )
2011–present : Stephen Venner , retired Bishop of Dover , current Bishop for the Falkland Islands and Bishop to the Forces , lives in St Albans , Hertfordshire and is also licensed in the Diocese of Rochester .
2013–present : retired Bishop of Blackburn Nicholas Reade lives in Bexhill , East Sussex .
2014–present : Michael Colclough , retired Canon Pastor of St Paul 's Cathedral and former Bishop of Kensington , lives in Chelsea , Greater London , and is also licensed in the Diocese of London .
19 October 2016present : Martin Wharton , retired Bishop of Newcastle
18 October 2017present : Richard Chartres , retired Bishop of London
22 November 2018present : Michael Langrish , retired Bishop of Exeter
16 January 2020present : Trevor Willmott , retired Bishop of Dover
Additionally , there were several more honorary assistant bishops listed Crockford 's Clerical Directory :
Fernando da Luz Soares , retired bishop of the Lusitanian church , is listed as having been licensed since 1995 ; they retired in 2013 but remains bishop emeritus of that church and apparently remains in Gaia , Portugal .
Churches and clergy
The diocese currently has 131 clergy occupying stipendiary or full-time posts . However , not every member of the clergy receives a stipend in the same way as clergy in the United Kingdom . Many ministers are entirely supported by their own congregation .
Last fully updated 19 September 2018 .
Archdeaconry of France
Archdeaconry of North West Europe
Archdeaconry of Germany and Northern Europe
Archdeaconry of Switzerland
Archdeaconry of Gibraltar
Archdeaconry of Italy and Malta
Eastern Archdeaconry
See also
Convocation of Episcopal Churches in Europe - an Anglican jurisdiction in Europe representing the Episcopal Church in the United States of America
Catholic Diocese of the Old Catholics in Germany – Old Catholic church in Germany
Lusitanian Catholic Apostolic Evangelical Church - Anglican church in Portugal
Spanish Reformed Episcopal Church - Anglican church in Spain
References
External links
Diocese in Europe website
Weblog of the Suffragan Bishop in Europe
Diocese in Europe on the Anglican Communion website
Religious organizations established in 1842
Anglicanism in Gibraltar
Erin Elizabeth Gee ( born 1974 ) ( born San Luis Obispo , California ) is an American composer and vocalist . Among the fellowships they have held are the Guggenheim and the Radcliffe Institute Fellowships , and among the awards they have won for their compositions are the Rome Prize and the first prize of the International Rostrum of Composers . They were on the faculty of the University of Illinois in Urbana as Assistant Professor of Composition-Theory and is currently Associate Professor of Composition at Brandeis University .
Education
In 1997 Gee received their B.M . with honors and highest distinction in Piano Performance from the University of Iowa ; there they also earned an M.A . in composition in 2002 . In 2007 , they earned their Ph.D. in music theory from the University of Music and Dramatic Arts , Graz , Austria where they studied musical composition with Beat Furrer .
Career
With their brother Colin Gee , they performed at the Whitney Museum of Art and was a resident at the Montalvo Arts Center . They won the 2008 Rome Prize and was a Guggenheim Fellow in 2009 . From 2010-2011 , they were a fellow in composition at the Akademie Schloss Solitude in Stuttgart . In 2015 , they received the Charles Ives Fellowship of the American Academy of Arts and Letters . The puzzle video game app Blek contains excerpts of Erin Gee 's work . Gee is one of the Kronos Quartet 50 for the Future composers .
A reviewer from the Harvard Gazette described a performance of Gee 's work as `` a young woman with a microphone in each hand performing a curious and captivating symphony of sound and song '' .
Selected works
Discography
Selected awards and grants
2019 Koussevitsky Award
2017 Fromm Foundation Commission
2015 American Academy of Arts and Letters , Charles Ives Fellowship Recipient ( Charles Ives Prize )
2009 John Simon Guggenheim Fellowship , New York City .
2007 Rome Prize , The American Academy in Rome , Italy .
2007 International Rostrum of Composers “ Selected Piece ” ( First Prize ) , Paris , France .
2007 Teatro Minimo Prize ( first round ) , Zurich Opera House
References
External links
Artist 's website
Erin Gee at IMDB
Erin Gee at AllMusic
American women composers
Living people
University of Iowa alumni
Radcliffe fellows
International Rostrum of Composers prize-winners
1974 births
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
University of Graz alumni
Musicians from Iowa
21st-century American composers
21st-century American women musicians
21st-century women composers
In the Middle of the City ( Georgian : შუა ქალაქში ) is a Georgian sitcom about a group of friends as they live in Tbilisi 's neighborhood of Vake . The show is produced by The Night Show Studio . It was originally broadcast from 2007 to 2009 . The show premiered on September 23 , 2007 and completed its first season on July 13 , 2007 . Second season has been confirmed by Imedi TV . It is filmed in Tbilisi , Georgia . The plot follows the life of one peculiar family , with friends , in Tbilisi , each of which has a risible , odd life-style with many surprises . As for the frivolous family , with singular friends and neighbouring gossip girls , they lead a normal life . It also has a continuation of 10 Years Later .
DVDs
1 . Season 1 - Gasachiri Tbilisshi ( Troubles in Tbilsi ) ( with volumes )
2 . Season 2 - Gagrdzeleba ( Sequelance ) ( with volumes )
3 . Season 3 - Sauketeso Droebi ( Best Times ) ( with volumes )
4 . Season 2 - Rats Etershi Ver Mokhvda ( What to TV not seen ) ( all volumes together )
5 . Season 4 - Komediebi Uakhles Sezonshi ( Comedy in the Newest Season ) ( with volumes )
6 . Season 3 - Gadagheba Shua Kalakis ( In the Middle of City Snaping ) ( together volumes )
7 . The Complete Season 1 ( fanmade DVD ) ( together volumes )
8 . Season 5 - Sicilis Adgili ( The Place of the Fun ) ( DVD release become faster than aired on TV ) ( with volumes )
9 . Season 6 - ( TRED - Fanmade DVD ) ( all volumes together )
10 . In the Middle of City 10 Episodes ( Fanmade ) ( no volumes )
11 . Season 6 - Sakhlshi Ar Mogtskindeba ( House every time good ) ( Original Version ) ( with volumes )
12 . Season 7 - Mtliani Komedia ( Full Comedy ) ( with volumes )
13 . Season 8 ( unreleased )
Cast
Main Cast In Order of Appearance
Otar Tatishvili .... Irakli Chkheidze - Marika 's husband
Maia Doborjginidze .... Marika Chkheidze - Irakli 's wife
Goga Barbakadze .... Dato Aleksidze - Marika 's cousin
Tatuli Edisherashvili .... Tamar Glonti - sister of Ketevan , Chkheidze 's neighbour
Tamuna Nikoladze .... Ketevan Glonti - sister of Tamar , Chkheidze 's neighbour
Bacho Kajaia .... Lasha Toronjadze - husband of Ketevan , Chkheidze 's neighbour
Keta Lortkipanidze .... Eka - friend of Chkheidze 's
Jaba Kiladze .... Sandro Makharadze - Chkheidze 's families friend
Salome Chulukhadze .... Salome - Waitress , Sandro 's lover
Mariam Jologua .... Anano - Dato 's Ex-girlfriend
Lela Meburishvili .... Tika - Chkheidze 's neighbour
Episodes Cast
Nika Katsaridze ... Amiran - `` Chkheidze 's handicraftsman ''
Gia Mujiri ... Sasha - `` Chkheidze 's neighbour ''
Sandro Margalitashvili ... Jibo - Dato 's friend
Nino Khomasuridze .... Waitress # 1 - In the cafe
Eka Lobzhanidze .... Waitress # 2
Rezo Bagashvili .... Father # 1
Merab Devidze .... Father # 2
Tamar Skhirtladze .... Grandmother
Ketevan Gugeshidze .... Irakli 's mother
Nino Koberidze .... Tsisana - Mother in Law
Maia Tatishvili .... Natela
Levan Zagashvili
Nino Zodelava
Tato Chokhonelidze
Tiko Sokhadze .... Nini - Dato 's friend
Temur Kiladze .... Solomon
Goga Chkheidze .... Narrator
Dato Machavariani .... Gocha
Sofia Mayer .... Gvantsa Glonti
Gigi Gogoladze .... Dmitri
Nika Garsenishvili .... Player
Vasili Kartvelishvili .... Photographer
Mariam Kakabadze .... Journalist
Vano Chelidze
Zura Manjgaladze
Irakli Shengelia
Kakha Mikiashvili .... Rezo
Nino Gudavadze .... Guide
Nini Tsiklauri
Tornike Prangishvili
Juka Tsiklauri .... Witch
Bakar Gelashvili .... Japaridze
Zura Manjgaladze .... Doctor
Eka Kikvadze .... Nurse Natia
Tsisia Metreveli .... Irinka
Eka Jamagidze .... Vika
Ani Beshitaishvili
Ani Chumburidze ....
Ani Topuridze ....
Crew
Project Manager
David Gogichaishvili
Executive Producer
Irakli Kakabadze
Project Director
Vano Chelidze
Set Director
Gocha Korkhelauri
Screenplay
Giorgi Janelidze
Irakli Vakhtangishvili
Computer Grapichs and Editing
Vakho Kakauridze
Merab Devidze
Giorgi Zenaishvili
Set Operators
Irakli Gokadze
Levan Dabrundashvili
Operators
Merab Kiknadze
Giorgi Bendiashvili
Beka Shakashvili
Painter
Eka Amashukeli
Segment-Producers
Mariam Mdinaradze
Nini Kintsurashvili
Coordinador
Eka Kikvadze
Studio Design
Vano Chelidze
Eka Amashukeli
Decorators
Gela Gelashvili
Tengo Amiridze
Sound Operator
Giorgi Saralidze
Lighting
Irakli Gokadze
Valiko Machabeli
Davit Kupatadze
Intro Music
Giga Mikaberidze
Intro Graphics
Eka Bichiashvili
Studio Engineers
Yuri Agekian
Avto Kajaia
Gia Merabishvili
Ramaz Danelia
Visage
Irina Iamanidze
Operators Assistant
Giorgi Chigladze
Format Consultants
Mitch Semuel
Bill Persky
John Marcus
Norm Gunzenhauer
Bruce Ferber
Craig Cnaizeg
Episode Dates
Season 1
September :
09.23.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 01
09.29.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 02
09.30.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 03
October :
10.06.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 04
10.07.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 05
10.13.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 06
10.14.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 07
10.20.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 08
10.21.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 09
10.27.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 10
10.28.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 11
November :
11.03.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 12
11.04.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 13
December :
12.15.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 14
12.16.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 15
12.22.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 16
12.23.2007 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 17
May :
05.24.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 18
05.25.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 19
05.31.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 20
June :
06.01.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 21
06.07.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 22
06.08.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 23
06.14.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 24
06.15.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 25
06.21.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 26
06.22.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 27
06.28.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 28
06.29.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 29
July :
07.05.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 30
07.06.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 31
07.12.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 32
07.13.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 33
Season 2
October :
10.11.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 01
10.12.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 02
10.18.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 03
10.19.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 04
10.25.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 05
10.26.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 06
November :
11.01.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 07
11.02.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 08
11.08.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 09
11.09.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 10
11.15.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 11
11.16.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 12
11.22.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 13
11.23.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 13
11.29.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 14
11.30.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 15
December :
12.06.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 16
12.07.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 17
12.13.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 18
12.14.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 19
12.20.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 20
12.21.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 21
12.27.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 22
12.28.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 23
12.31.2008 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 24
January :
01.01.2009 -- -- -- -- -- Episode 25
10 Years Later
10 Years Later ( Georgian : 10 წლის შემდეგ ) is a Georgian television program . Continuation of In the Middle of the City TV Series where the line is drawn between the groups of friends as they live in Tbilisi 's district of Vake .
Cast
Otar Tatishvili - Irakli Chkheidze
Maia Doborjginidze - Marika Chkheidze
Goga Barbakadze - Dato Aleksidze
Tatuli Edisherashvili - Tamar Glonti
Tamuna Nikoladze - Ketevan Glonti
Bacho Kajaia - Lasha Toronjadze
Mariam Jologua - Anano
References
Television shows set in Georgia ( country )
Television sitcoms in Georgia ( country )
2000s Georgia ( country ) television series
2010s Georgia ( country ) television series
The University of Kolwezi ( UNIKOL ) is a public university in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , located in the province of Katanga , city of Kolwezi . At its creation , it was an Extension of the University of Lubumbashi , then called University Centre of Kolwezi ( C.U.K. ) . Instruction is in French .
History
The University was created 1 October 2004 as Kolwezi Center University ( C.U.K . ) , extension of the University of Lubumbashi , and became autonomous in 2010 following Ministerial order No . 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK/PK/2010 27 September 2010 .
References
Ministerial Decree No . 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK-PK-2010 September 27 , 2010 , on the empowerment of some extensions of the institutions of higher and university education ( article 2 point 8 )
See also
Kolwezi
Katanga Province
Universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Kolwezi
Educational institutions established in 2004
2004 establishments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Winner Is King ( ) is an upcoming Chinese television series based on the BL historical novel Sha Po Lang by Priest starring Tan Jianci , Chen Zheyuan , Li Hongyi and Sun Anke . The series is expected to air on Tencent Video with 45 episodes .
Synopsis
In the age of the Great Liang Dynasty , the Kingdom of Northern Xuan gained a short reprieve after a war . Chang Geng ( Chen Zheyuan ) , who resides in a small town , was attacked by a pack of wolves during an outing but was saved by Shen Shiliu ( Tan Jianci ) . To repay their kindness , Chang Geng acknowledges them as their foster-father . The enemy forces , the Heavenly Wolf tribe , waited for an opportunity to invade and set off a war . In a critical moment , Chang Geng discovers that they are the fourth prince of Northern Xuan , and Shen Shiliu is Gu Yun , the commander of Xuan Tie army . Gu Yun defeated the Heavenly Wolf tribe and escorted Chang Geng to the capital city .
The current Emperor of Northern Xuan passes away , and Li Feng ascended the throne as the new Emperor . However , their foundation is not yet stable . The ambitious Prince of Wei is eyeing their throne and saw this as an opportunity to create a crisis . Li Feng , wary of Gu Yun 's military prowess , sends Gu Yun to guard the borders . Chang Geng also chose to join the Lin Yuan Pavilion and followed the experts of the pavilion around the world to travel and experience life . After several years , they grew up into a with lofty ambitions and a talent for governing . At this time , Northern Xuan faces both internal and external problems . Chang Geng returns to the capital and uses their knowledge and newfound skills to assist the Emperor in securing their reign . However , problems continuously pour in , such as rebellion by the inner court officials , assassination of Li Feng and attack of Jiang Nan by external forces . At last , Chang Geng manages to ascend the throne and resurrect Northern Bei , fulfilling their vision of world peace .
Cast
Main
Tan Jianci as Gu Yun / Shen Shiliu
Chen Zheyuan as Chang Geng
Li Hong Yi as Shen Yi
Sun Anke as Chen Qingxu
Production
In December 2019 , Ciwen Media announced that the script has already been completed . It would retain the elements of steampunk in the novel , such as Mecha , giant kites and Heavy iron . The series began filming in Xiangshan Film and Television Town in July 2020 . It is directed by Zhou Yuanzhou , who also directed the 2018 series Guardian .
References
2020s Chinese television series
Television shows based on Chinese novels
Chinese web series
Tencent original programming
Television series by Tencent Penguin Pictures
Upcoming television series
Vinod Kumar Yadav ( born 1 January 1960 ) is the Administrator of Delhi Gymkhana Club Limited and is the Ex Chairman & Chief Executive Officer , Railway Board , Indian Railways . They previously served as General Manager for South Central Railway zone of Indian Railways and held various other important assignments in Rail Vikas Nigam Limited , Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India Limited and in the United Nations Industrial Development Organization . They are from Indian Railway Service of Electrical Engineers ( IRSEE ) – 1980 batch .
Personal life
Vinod Kumar Yadav was born on Jan 1 , 1960 in Sukarauli Village , in Ballia District of Uttar Pradesh in India .
Education
They received their early education at Ballia , graduated with a bachelor 's degree in Engineering ( Electrical Engineering from Motilal Nehru Regional Engineering College ( now Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology ) , University of Allahabad in 1980 . Their academic pursuits include a master 's degree in Business Administration – MBA ( Technology Management ) from La Trobe University , Australia .
Career
Vinod Kumar Yadav began their career on Indian Railways as Assistant Electrical Engineer in February , 1982 . They held several important executive and managerial positions on Indian Railways and on deputation to various Organizations including as Chairman Railway Board of Indian Railways , General Manager of South Central Railway , a Zone of Indian Railways . Down the line , they also worked as Chief Electrical Engineer , Planning/Traction Distribution , Northern Railway ; Divisional Railway Manager , Lucknow Division , North Eastern Railway ; Additional Divisional Railway Manager ( Operation ) , Delhi Division , Northern Railway . Group General Manager ( Electrical ) , Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India Limited ; Programme Manager , Technology Diffusion and Support Programme and as Project Director , International Centre for Advancement of Manufacturing Technology at United Nations Industrial Development Organization ( UNIDO ) ; they were also the Director for Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion in Ministry of Industry Government of India . They were a Executive Director , Railway Electrification Projects , Rail Vikas Nigam Limited , they also held an important foreign assignment as Deputy Manager ( Electrical ) , IRCON at Turkey .
As General Manager of South Central Railway , they led the Zone to achieve record highest revenue during 2017-18 and 2018-19 . Infrastructure Growth also touched peak with the highest Kilometres of new rail lines , doubling & tripling and electrification getting completed . Digital transactions and environment friendly measures came to fore on South Central Railway under their initiative . They tied up with Indian School of Business to enable Railways undertake research , knowledge sharing and management training programs for Railway officers . Vinod Yadav was known for their stress on human resource management on Railways on the basis of steps such as job melas for children of Railway families , skill development programs , passport melas , significant hike in sports and welfare infrastructure , medical facilities etc . Vinod Yadav was instrumental in inventing a modern Gangmen Tool Kit , light in weight and easy to carry , changing the way , the safety ambassadors of Indian Railways can work .
Vinod Yadav headed World 's third largest Rail network and led Indian Railways towards a giant leap in infrastructure development involving over Rs . 160 Lakh Crore of capex fund which brought about the biggest transformation in its working system .
Annapurna trains , Jai Kisan trains etc. , marked their business model for Indian Railways .
Passenger train services also enhanced qualitatively with introduction of “ Vande Bharat Express ” also known as Train-18 , an indigenously built Indian semi-high-speed Intercity Electric Multiple Unit . Introduction of “ Tejas Express ” - India 's first semi-high speed fully air-conditioned train etc . Air-Conditioned local trains were introduced on Mumbai Suburban System .
Thanks to Vinod Yadav 's plans , Indian Railways could take center stage in the battle to fight COVID-19 pandemic all over the country by keeping the Rail wheels moving .
India 's first university focused on transport-related education , multidisciplinary research and training - National Rail & Transport Institute ( NRTI ) at Vadodara , India came up under them at the helm .
Digitised data management of Indian Railway workforce made a huge impact , amongst their plans .
Vinod Kumar Yadav undertook International assignment of planning , execution and commissioning of Railway Electrification projects for Turkish Railways and led the team to frame tender and undertake global contract for Over Head Electrification works for Iran Railways .
They played a key role in development of SMEs sector and technology transfer to SMEs , skill development , mobilisation of resources and implementation of six projects worth US $ 8.65 million . They managed a joint project of United Nations and Government of India for development of Small and Medium enterprises accruing US $ 6.6.a million .
Recognitions
Vinod Kumar Yadav is the recipient of `` Eminent Engineer Award for the Year 2020 '' from the Institution of Engineering and Technology ( IET ) .
They also received the Eminent Engineer Award for 2019 from the Union Ministry of Skill Development & Entrepreneurship ; recognition from President of India for making Indian Railways the best organization for implementing Swacchata Action Plan 2018-2019 ..
As the head for South Central Railway , they enabled the Zone stand top on Indian Railways for overall performance efficiency in 2017-18 , to receive Pandit Gobind Vallabh Pant Shield .
They also got the Award for Best Transformation Initiatives by the Ministry of Railways in 2017-2018 .
References
Businesspeople in tourism
Indian chairpersons of corporations
Indian metallurgists
Living people
University of Allahabad alumni
Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad alumni
Indian Railways officers
1960 births
Michael Scheickl ( born 23 March 1957 ) is an Austrian singer , songwriter and record producer .
In 1981 , they recorded a solo album under the pseudonym Fritz . They were one half of the duo Mess , who represented Austria at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1982 with the song `` Sonntag '' . They composed and produced many tracks as part of the Austrian trio Joy , and sang backing vocals on the album Enjoy .
References
20th-century Austrian male singers
1957 births
Living people
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1982
What Are You Lookin ' At ? is the debut album by Rockell , released on Robbins Entertainment on April 28 , 1998 . It includes the hit singles `` I Fell in Love '' , `` In a Dream '' , `` Ca n't We Try '' ( featuring Collage ) and `` When I 'm Gone '' .
Track listing
Chart positions
Album - Billboard ( North America )
References
1998 debut albums
Rockell albums
The Battle of Great Bridge was fought December 9 , 1775 , in the area of Great Bridge , Virginia , early in the American Revolutionary War . The victory by colonial Virginia militia forces led to the departure of Royal Governor Lord Dunmore and any remaining vestiges of British power over the Colony of Virginia during the early days of the conflict .
Following increasing political and military tensions in early 1775 , both Dunmore and colonial rebel leaders recruited troops and engaged in a struggle for available military supplies . The struggle eventually focused on Norfolk , where Dunmore had taken refuge aboard a Royal Navy vessel . Dunmore 's forces had fortified one side of a critical river crossing south of Norfolk at Great Bridge , while rebel forces had occupied the other side . In an attempt to break up the rebel gathering , Dunmore ordered an attack across the bridge , which was decisively repulsed . Colonel William Woodford , the Virginia militia commander at the battle , described it as `` a second Bunker 's Hill affair '' .
Shortly thereafter , Norfolk , at the time a Loyalist center , was abandoned by Dunmore and the Tories , who fled to navy ships in the harbor . Rebel-occupied Norfolk was destroyed on January 1 , 1776 in an action begun by Dunmore and completed by rebel forces .
Background
Tensions in the British Colony of Virginia were raised in April 1775 at roughly the same time that the hostilities of the American Revolutionary War broke out in the Province of Massachusetts Bay with the Battles of Lexington and Concord . John Murray , 4th Earl of Dunmore , the royal governor of Virginia , had dismissed the colonial legislative assembly , the House of Burgesses , who then established a provisional assembly in Virginia Conventions . The Burgesses authorized existing and newly raised militia troops to arm themselves , leading to a struggle for control of the colony 's military supplies . Under orders from Lord Dunmore , British forces removed gunpowder from the colonial storehouse in the capital of Williamsburg , causing a confrontation between royal and militia forces . Although the incident was resolved without violence , Dunmore , fearing for their personal safety , left Williamsburg in June 1775 and placed their family on board a Royal Navy ship . A small British fleet then took shape at Norfolk , a port town whose merchants had significant Loyalist ( Tory ) tendencies . The threat posed by the British fleet may also have played a role in minimizing Whig activity in the town .
Incidents continued between rebels on one side and loyalists ( Tories ) on the other until October , when Dunmore had acquired enough military support to begin operations against the rebellious colonists . General Thomas Gage , the British commander-in-chief for North America , had ordered small detachments of the 14th Regiment of Foot to Virginia in response to pleas by Dunmore for military help . These troops began raiding surrounding counties for rebel military supplies on October 12 . This activity continued through the end of October , when a small British ship ran aground and was captured by rebels during a skirmish near Hampton . Navy boats sent to punish the townspeople were repulsed by colonial militia in a brief gunfight that resulted in the killing and capture of several sailors . Dunmore reacted to this event by issuing a proclamation on November 7 in which they declared martial law , and offered to emancipate colonist slaves in Virginia willing to serve in the British Army . The proclamation alarmed rebel and loyalist slaveholders alike , concerned by the idea of armed former slaves and the potential loss of their property . Nevertheless , Dunmore was able to recruit enough slaves to form the Ethiopian Regiment , as well as raising a company of Tories they called the Queen 's Own Loyal Virginia Regiment ( later absorbed into the Queen 's Rangers in 1776 ) . These local forces supplemented the two companies of the 14th Foot , and in addition to the naval forces , that were the sole British military presence in the colony . This successful recruiting drive prompted Dunmore to write on November 30 , 1775 that they would soon be able to `` reduce this colony to a proper sense of their duty . ''
Prelude
Lord Dunmore had , on arrival in Norfolk , ordered the fortification of the bridge across the southern branch of the Elizabeth River , about south of Norfolk in the village of Great Bridge . The bridge formed a natural defense point since it was on the only road leading south from Norfolk toward North Carolina , it was bordered on both sides by the Great Dismal Swamp , and the access to the bridge on both sides was via narrow causeways . Dunmore sent 25 men of the 14th Foot to the bridge , where they erected a small stockade fort they called Fort Murray on the Norfolk side of the bridge . They also removed the bridge planking to make crossing it more difficult . The fort was armed with two cannons and several smaller swivel guns . The men of the 14th were augmented by small companies from the Ethiopian and Queen 's Own regiments , bringing the garrison size to between 40 and 80 men .
In response to Dunmore 's proclamation , Virginia 's assembly ordered its militia troops to march on Norfolk . William Woodford , the colonel leading the 2nd Virginia Regiment , advanced toward the bridge with their regiment of 400 and about 100 riflemen from the Culpeper Minutemen . On December 2 they arrived at the bridge and set up a camp across the bridge from the British fort . Upon their arrival the British set about destroying buildings near the fort to ensure a clear field of fire . Woodford was at first unwilling to assault the British position , thinking they lacked enough cannons to overcome an overly generous estimate of the garrison 's strength . They therefore began entrenching their position , while more and more militia companies arrived from the surrounding counties and North Carolina . Some cannons eventually arrived with a contingent of North Carolina men , but they were useless because they lacked mountings and carriages . Woodford also became concerned when they heard rumors that a large number of Scottish Highlanders had joined Dunmore 's forces . The rumors were partly true : the Highlanders were in fact 120 families , but few of the men were skilled at arms . By December 8 , the force in the militia camp had grown to nearly 900 , with more than 700 fit for duty .
Dunmore learned that the colonial militia had acquired cannons , but was unaware they were inoperable . Concerned for the safety of the garrison , they decided an attack on their position was necessary . Their plan called for a diversionary attack by the Ethiopian companies of the garrison at a spot downriver from the bridge to draw the militia 's attention , while the garrison , reinforced by additional troops from Norfolk , would attack across the bridge in the early morning light .
Battle
Dunmore 's best intelligence had informed them that the rebel forces numbered about 400 . On the night and morning of December 8 and 9 Captain Samuel Leslie led reinforcements up to Fort Murray , arriving around 3:00 am . Upon their arrival they learned that the Ethiopian detachment intended for the diversion was not in the fort . They had been dispatched on a routine deployment to another nearby crossing , and Dunmore had failed to send orders ensuring their availability for the operation . Leslie decided to proceed with the attack anyway . After resting their troops until a little before dawn , they sent men out to replace the bridge planking . Once this was finished , Captain Charles Fordyce led a company of 60 grenadiers across the bridge . They briefly skirmished with militia sentries , raising the alarm in the camp beyond the entrenchments . Fordyce 's men were then joined by a company of navy gunners who had been brought along to operate the field artillery for the attack , while the Tory companies arrayed themselves on the Norfolk side of the bridge .
The militia leadership in the camp at first thought the early skirmishing was a typical morning salute , and paid it little heed . Shortly after reveille , the severity of the alarm became apparent . While the camp mobilized , a militia company numbering about sixty prepared for the British advance behind the earthworks . They carefully withheld fire until the grenadiers , advancing with bayonets fixed , were within , and then unleashed a torrent of fire on the British column . Fordyce , leading the column , went down in a hail of musket fire just steps from the earthworks along with many of the men in the front ranks . The British advance dissolved as the militia musket fire continued ; about half of Fordyce 's force was killed , and many were injured . The navy gunners provided covering fire as they retreated back across the bridge , but their small cannons made no impression on the earthworks .
Colonel Woodford had by this time organized the forces in the rebel camp , and they marched out to face the British . After an inconsequential exchange of musket fire at long range , Woodford sent the riflemen of the Culpeper Minutemen off to the left . From this position the riflemen , whose weapons had a much longer range than muskets , began to fire on the British position on the far side of the bridge . The navy gunners , with the only weapons the British had available to contest the riflemen at that range , were now out of position , and were also being threatened by the large militia force approaching the earthworks . They spiked their guns and retreated across the bridge , and Captain Leslie ordered their men to retreat into Fort Murray . In some 25 minutes , Dunmore 's attempt to stop the rebel buildup near Norfolk had been emphatically turned back .
Aftermath
Following a truce to permit the British to remove their dead and wounded , the Tory forces snuck out in the night to return to Norfolk . Captain Fordyce was buried with full military honors by the rebels near the site of the battle . Casualty estimates ranged from Dunmore 's official report of 62 killed or wounded to an escaped patriot 's report that the British losses totaled 102 , excluding militia casualties . The only claimed rebel casualty was one man with a slight wound to the thumb . Colonel William Woodford , reporting on the 2nd Virginia Regiment 's service at the battle , wrote in a letter published in Purdie 's Virginia Gazette , December 15 , 1775 : `` This was a second Bunker 's Hill affair , in miniature ; with this difference , that we kept our post , and had only one man wounded in the hand . ''
The Virginia militia forces were then reinforced by the arrival of troops from North Carolina under Colonel Robert Howe . Dunmore blamed Leslie for their decision to attack without the accompanying diversion , although the outcome of the battle may not have been different even with the diversion , given the disparity in force sizes . In the following days , Dunmore and their Tory supporters took refuge on ships of the Royal Navy , and Norfolk was occupied by the victorious rebel forces . The danger Dunmore posed to the rebel cause , however , had not been eliminated . General George Washington , commander-in-chief of the Continental Army and a Virginian who knew Dunmore well , wrote a letter to Charles Lee in late December , warning of continued danger despite Dunmore 's flight to the navy . They told Lee that `` if that Man is not crushed before Spring , they will become the most formidable Enemy America has '' , and that `` nothing less than depriving them of life or liberty will secure peace to Virginia . ''
After a series of escalations over the rebel 's refusal to allow provisions to be delivered to the overcrowded vessels , Dunmore and Commodore Henry Pellow decided to bombard the town . On January 1 , 1776 , Norfolk was destroyed in action begun by Royal Navy ships and their landing parties , but completed by rebel troops that continued to loot and burn the former Tory stronghold .
Lord Dunmore occupied Portsmouth in February 1776 , and used it as a base for raiding operations until late March , when General Charles Lee successfully forced them back to the fleet . After further raiding operations in the Chesapeake , Dunmore and the British fleet left for New York City in August 1776 . Dunmore never returned to Virginia .
A highway marker was placed by the state of Virginia in 1934 near the battle site . In response to construction threats to the battlefield , local citizens organized in 1999 to preserve the area .
Gallery
See also
List of American Revolutionary War battles
American Revolutionary War §Early Engagements . The Battle of Great Bridge placed in sequence and strategic context .
Notes
References
Moomaw , W. Hugh . `` The British Leave Colonial Virginia , '' Virginia Magazine of History and Biography ( 1958 ) 66 # 2 pp . 147–160 in JSTOR
Naisawald , Louis VanL . `` Robert Howe 's Operations in Virginia 1775-1776 , '' Virginia Magazine of History and Biography ( 1952 ) 60 # 3 437-443 in JSTOR
Primary sources
Scribner , Robert L. , and Brent Tarter , eds . Revolutionary Virginia : The road to independence : A documentary record . 5 The clash of arms and the Fourth Convention , 1775-1776 . Vol . 5 ( University Press of Virginia , 1979 )
External links
`` The Battle of Great Bridge December 9 , 1775 '' , The Continental Line , Kyle Willyard
Future Visitor 's Center
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Chesapeake , Virginia
Great Bridge
Great Bridge
Great Bridge
History of Chesapeake , Virginia
Great Bridge
1775 in the Thirteen Colonies
Great Bridge
1775 in Virginia
Great Bridge
American Revolution on the National Register of Historic Places
Crawford Township may refer to the following places in the United States :
Arkansas
Crawford Township , Washington County , Arkansas
Crawford Township , Yell County , Arkansas , in Yell County , Arkansas
Iowa
Crawford Township , Madison County , Iowa
Crawford Township , Washington County , Iowa
Kansas
Crawford Township , Cherokee County , Kansas
Crawford Township , Crawford County , Kansas
Missouri
Crawford Township , Buchanan County , Missouri
Crawford Township , Osage County , Missouri
Nebraska
Crawford Township , Antelope County , Nebraska
North Carolina
Crawford Township , Currituck County , North Carolina , in Currituck County , North Carolina
North Dakota
Crawford Township , Slope County , North Dakota , in Slope County , North Dakota
Ohio
Crawford Township , Coshocton County , Ohio
Crawford Township , Wyandot County , Ohio
Pennsylvania
Crawford Township , Clinton County , Pennsylvania
Township name disambiguation pages
In geometry of five dimensions or higher , a cantic 5-cube , cantihalf 5-cube , truncated 5-demicube is a uniform 5-polytope , being a truncation of the 5-demicube . It has half the vertices of a cantellated 5-cube .
Cartesian coordinates
The Cartesian coordinates for the 160 vertices of a cantic 5-cube centered at the origin and edge length 6 are coordinate permutations :
( ±1 , ±1 , ±3 , ±3 , ±3 )
with an odd number of plus signs .
Alternate names
Cantic penteract , truncated demipenteract
Truncated hemipenteract ( thin ) ( Jonathan Bowers )
Images
Related polytopes
It has half the vertices of the cantellated 5-cube , as compared here in the B5 Coxeter plane projections :
This polytope is based on the 5-demicube , a part of a dimensional family of uniform polytopes called demihypercubes for being alternation of the hypercube family .
There are 23 uniform 5-polytope that can be constructed from the D5 symmetry of the 5-demicube , of which are unique to this family , and 15 are shared within the 5-cube family .
Notes
References
H.S.M . Coxeter :
H.S.M . Coxeter , Regular Polytopes , 3rd Edition , Dover New York , 1973
Kaleidoscopes : Selected Writings of H.S.M . Coxeter , edited by F. Arthur Sherk , Peter McMullen , Anthony C. Thompson , Asia Ivic Weiss , Wiley-Interscience Publication , 1995 ,
( Paper 22 ) H.S.M . Coxeter , Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I , [ Math . Zeit . 46 ( 1940 ) 380-407 , MR 2,10 ]
( Paper 23 ) H.S.M . Coxeter , Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II , [ Math . Zeit . 188 ( 1985 ) 559-591 ]
( Paper 24 ) H.S.M . Coxeter , Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III , [ Math . Zeit . 200 ( 1988 ) 3-45 ]
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes , Manuscript ( 1991 )
N.W . Johnson : The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs , Ph.D .
External links
Polytopes of Various Dimensions
Multi-dimensional Glossary
5-polytopes
Rassheyevka ( ) is a rural locality ( ) in Glebovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement , Fatezhsky District , Kursk Oblast , Russia . Population :
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
The Frontier Post is an independent English language daily newspaper founded in Peshawar , Pakistan , in 1985 . It publishes from Peshawar , Lahore , Islamabad , Karachi , and Quetta .
History
When the paper was founded in 1985 , there were no prominent journalists based in the area , and its original editor Aziz Siddiqi was neither an ethnic Pukhtoon ( the dominant population of Peshawar ) nor from a Pukhtoon area . Former Khyber Pakhtunkhwa governor Fazle Haq along with several entrepreneurs were engaged in founding the paper .
The founder , chief editor and publisher , Rehmat Shah Afridi , has been termed a `` prisoner of conscience '' by Amnesty International due to their longstanding struggle for democracy and media freedom in Pakistan ; Afridi was arrested in 1999 . Jalil Afridi had been running The Frontier Post as its Managing Editor since 1999 .
References
External links
English-language newspapers published in Pakistan
Publications established in 1985
1985 establishments in Pakistan
Mass media in Peshawar
Daily newspapers published in Pakistan
Phyllonorycter trinotella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Québec in Canada and New Jersey , Maine , Connecticut , Ohio , Vermont and Michigan in the United States .
The wingspan is about 5 mm .
The larvae feed on Acer species , including Acer platanoides , Acer rubrum and Acer saccharinum . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a small tentiform , much wrinkled mine on the underside of the leaf .
References
trinotella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1908
Arthur Patrick Thompson ( 1916–1988 ) was an Irish National Hunt racing jockey , during the 1930s , 1940s and 1950s notable for riding the winner of the Grand National twice . Firstly with Sheila 's Cottage in 1948 and then with Teal in 1952
They were born in Carlow in 1916 .
During World War 2 they joined the Northumberland Fusiliers , and became a 'Desert Rat ' , and spent 3 years as a POW in Germany .
After retiring from the saddle in 1956 , they were a trainer until May 1988 . They died later that year in Wexford .
References
1916 births
1988 deaths
Irish jockeys
The Stemnic is a right tributary of the river Bârlad in Romania . It discharges into the Bârlad near Bălteni . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Vaslui County
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1988 : .
1988
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1988 at HKcinemamagic.com
1988
Hong Kong
1988 in Hong Kong
Bartholomew Remov ( 3 October 1888 – 26 June 1935 ) was a Russian Orthodox archbishop who secretly converted to the Russian Greek Catholic Church in 1932 . They were sentenced to death in 1935 by the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of the Soviet Union on charges of anti-Soviet agitation and espionage on behalf of the Holy See and executed soon after .
Life
Early life
On 10 June 1911 , they were ordained as a deacon and was ordained as a celibate Orthodox priest on 18 February 1912 . They later became an associate professor at the Moscow Theological Academy .
Their master 's degree thesis , `` Bishop Bartholomew '' , is based on a detailed analysis of the Greek and Hebrew texts of Habakkuk , complemented with the Slavic manuscripts . The work shows the deep erudition and a multifaceted approach to the subject . The author focused on textual criticism and the historical interpretation of the book of Habakkuk .
Beyond their work as a historian and biblical scholar , Remov was known as an expert on Divine Liturgy and the Old Church Slavonic language . In later years , Remov 's knowledge of Old Church Slavonic , the liturgical language of their Church , caused them to be ordered to audit all church services , in particular , to listen in on the choir and hymns of the Moscow Patriarchate .
In 1913 , Remov was appointed as the Protopope of the Theological Academy 's Church of the Intercession , and in 1914 , they became an associate professor of Old Testament studies . In 1919 , they became the pastor of the Theological Academy 's Church of the Protection and was raised to the rank of Archimandrite . In 1920 , the Patriarch Tikhon of Moscow appointed Remov the director of the Higher Institute of Theology .
On September 6 , 1920 , Remov was arrested for preaching against the Bolshevik seizure and confiscation of the relics of St. Sergius of Radonezh . The GPU 's Remov Case file alleges , as the Soviet secret police often did of Orthodox clergy who supported Patriarch Tikhon against the Pro-Soviet Renovationist schism , that Archimandrite Bartholomew was , `` a prominent and active member of the militant Black Hundreds clergy '' . The secret police also chose to interpret Archimandrite Bartholomew 's sermon calling for defense of St. Sergei 's relics against desecration as `` calling for a pogrom and , as a consequence , inciting the ignorant masses . ''
Under interrogation , however , Archimandrite Bartholomew said , `` The truth of Christ , as I understand it and accept it , is dearer to me than life . I have never called for any kind of violence and would consider such a call dishonorable . ''
They were released on 28 February 1921 , `` in view of the poor state of their health . '' Archimandrite Bartholomew was carried away from the prison on a stretcher .
Orthodox Bishop
On 28 July 1921 , the bishop of Sergiev Posad Vicariate of the Moscow Diocese , appointed Remov to a position at the Trinity Sergius Lavra . They served in that position from 1921 to 1923 and became the Archimandrite of the Vysokopetrovsky Monastery in Moscow . From 1925 to 1935 , they were also the Pastor of the Church of the Nativity of the Virgin at Putinki .
Although Remov at first supported the Deputy Patriarchal Locum Tenens Metropolitan Metropolitan Sergei 's 1927 declaration of loyalty to the Soviet State , according to historian Irina Osipova , Metropolitan Bartholomew , `` could not accept the harsh policy which Sergei adopted after the schism that divided the clergy in two camps . Bartholomew was disturbed by threats to visit punishment on every 'insubordinate ' priest and by the mass arrests and sentencing of these recalcitrants . ''
Two fellow members of the Orthodox Hierarchy later signed depositions admitting , in the words of the Soviet secret police , to having , `` participated in illegal gatherings at Archbishop Bartholomew 's apartment . '' Both Hierarchs admitted that those at the gatherings discussed the situation in the Orthodox Church at length and to have all agreed that , `` the line pursued by Metropolitan Sergei is fatal for the Church . ''
In 1928 , Remov was arrested and charged with `` harbouring a spy '' , whom in Bartholomew 's opinion , was simply a fellow religious believer . They were released , however , without charge .
On 9 June 1934 , Remov was elevated to the rank of archbishop .
In 1928 , Remov began meeting with Pie Eugène Neveu , A.A. , formerly the parish priest of the mining town of Makiivka , Ukraine , who had been secretly consecrated as a Bishop by Michel d'Herbigny in 1926 and installed in the Church of St. Louis des Français as the secret Apostolic Administrator for the Catholic Church in Moscow Oblast . Over the years that followed , Remov and Neveu stayed in contact . Remov later recalled , `` I got to know Neveu in Moscow through the engineer Rumyantsev , Alexander Alexandrovich . Rumyantsev was fascinated by the idea of uniting the Orthodox and Catholic Churches . ''
After the Vysokopetrovsky Monastery was closed down by the Soviet authorities in 1929 , Remov arranged for the monastery to continue in secret at the Nativity Church at Putinki .
One secret monastic later recalled , `` The institution of the novitiate was created in our society as a means of inducing staunch Christians who would replenish the declining monastic cadres and , if necessary , suffer for the Faith . ''
To protect secret monks and nuns from arrest by the Soviet secret police , Archbishop Bartholomew decreed , `` All those initiated into monasticism should continue to live and work as before in their institutions and enterprises , avoiding any outward change in their lifestyle , and concealing their monastic commitment from others . ''
As a further protection from arrest , Archbishop Bartholomew ordered the monastery 's Archimandrites to refer to each monk and nun by a false name on the lists presented to the Diocesan Council .
Meanwhile , their secret meetings continued with Bishop Neveu .
In a letter from 1931 , Bishop Neveu doubted whether Bishop Bartholomew would ever become a Catholic since they `` limited themselves to vague words about their sympathies and was too afraid of compromising himself '' .
Secret conversion
According to Remov , however , `` By 1932 , our relationship was friendly and we had begun to meet regularly . In 1932 , prompted by Neveu , I secretly entered the Catholic Church . ''
On August 10 , 1932 , Remov wrote a letter to Pope Pius XI , `` Monsignor ... In humility and gratitude I fall at the feet of the most Holy Father . I rejoice in expressing to you , Monsignor , my profound thanks . It is wonderful to know that one is engaged in God 's work , to 'labor all the day long ' , and I would like to repeat , together with you , the words of the Archangel , 'For Thee , nothing is impossible . ' ''
On February 25 , 1933 , the Vatican released an official document signed by Bishop Michel d'Herbigny , which established the titular diocese of Sergiyev Posad for the Russian Greek Catholic Church and appointed Remov , `` already possessing the rank of Archbishop in the Eastern Rite '' , as the titular bishop . A second document , dated July 3 , 1933 , appointed Remov as suffragan Apostolic Administrator in Moscow for Catholics of the Eastern Rite . Remov later admitted to NKVD interrogators that Bishop Neveu had shown them both documents , but chose not to give them to Remov , `` for fear that [ they ] might be discovered in a possible search . ''
D'Herbigny gave their support to Bishop Bartholomew , the first such convert from Episcopal rank in 20th century Russia , and considered the secret Catholic bishop as a potential future Patriarch of the Russian Greek Catholic Church .
Some have believed Bishop Bartholomew 's conversion to Catholicism to have been a lie by the Soviet State . They seriously considered the possibility of their identity as a martyr and one of the Orthodox saints during the Soviet persecution of the Church . They believed that their meetings with Bishop Neveu did not go beyond consultation and the transfer of information about the religious persecution of the Orthodox Church . In their view , the interrogations was forged by employees of the NKVD and the documents that came from d'Herbigny are forgeries as well . However , their arguments are now rejected by both Orthodox and Catholic scholars . The General Archive of the Augustinians in Rome preserved the correspondence between Metropolitan Bartholomew and Bishop Neveu , which proves their passionate belief in the Russian Greek Catholic Church . They also reveal , according to Irina Osipova , that Archbishop Bartholomew viewed Bishop Neveu as their spiritual mentor .
Final arrest and death
In the fall of 1934 , the NKVD arrested Pavel Velikanov , the organiser of a sect called `` The Fourth International of Spirit and Truth '' . Under interrogation , Velikanov revealed that an illegal Orthodox convent and monastery existed at the Church of the Nativity of the Virgin at Putinki . Velikanov also provided a long list of the priests , monks , and nuns who were involved . The first arrests connected with the NKVD 's investigation took place on January 28 , 1935 and those who were arrested named Archbishop Bartholomew as the spiritual leader of the secret monastery and convent .
On February 18 , 1935 , the NKVD received a letter from certain Putinki parishioners , who alleged , `` It would appear that the closure of the monastery has not eliminated the monastic spirit , which has recently begun to manifest itself with particular intensity . The churches are flooded with women in black headscarves and black dress ( the so-called hysterics ) in numbers so great that they are able to perform any role desired of them , but also to dominate the congregations ; this is , in the end , transforming us from a parish church into a monastery . ''
Along with 21 others , Remov was arrested again on 21 February 1935 and was accused of being , `` a member of the Catholic group of a counterrevolutionary organization attached to the illegal Petrovsky Monastery '' and of anti-Soviet agitation .
In a signed confession , Remov admitted , `` I frequently passed to Neveu letters from exiled clergymen . Neveu forwarded these letters to the Vatican as proof of the persecution of religious believers by the Soviet authorities . I told Neveu that all the actions of Metropolitan Sergei were planned in collaboration with the organs of State Power . ''
After a brief detention period in the Butyrka Prison , where they were sent shortly after their arrest , Remov was further charged with , `` betrayal of the Motherland and espionage on behalf of the Vatican . ''
On June 17 , 1935 , a closed session of the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of the Soviet Union sentenced Remov , `` to the supreme penalty , death by shooting , with confiscation of property . The sentence is final and no appeal is allowed . ''
Metropolitan Bartholomew Remov was executed soon after .
Further reading
Irina I. Osipova , Hide Me Within Thy Wounds : The Persecution of the Catholic Church in the USSR , Germans from Russia Heritage Collection , Fargo , North Dakota , 2003
Father Arseny , A cloud of witnesses . Translated from the Russian by Vera Bouteneff . Copywright 2001 Vera Boutenoff
See also
Leonid Feodorov
Sources
The Catholic Revival
http : //vselenskiy.narod.ru/remow.htm
https : //books.google.com/books ? id=HnUnJ7X10BMC & pg=PA168 & lpg=PA168 & dq=bartholomew+remov & source=bl & ots=as2c5ygtpc & sig=ACfU3U3E-G5ES68WmUZZiSpJTkm0WYwV6A & hl=en & sa=X & ved=2ahUKEwjm64jDzL_hAhUqSN8KHTZjCQgQ6AEwDnoECAcQAQ # v=onepage & q=bartholomew % 20remov & f=false
References
External links
http : //vselenskiy.narod.ru/remow.htm
Book of Remembrance : Biographies of Catholic Clergy and Laity Repressed in the Soviet Union - Biography of Elena Rozhina ( Sister Eugenia ) Notre Dame University
Book of Remembrance : Biographies of Catholic Clergy and Laity Repressed in the Soviet Union - Biography of Archbishop Bartholomew Remov - Notre Dame University
http : //elib.sfu-kras.ru/bitstream/handle/2311/31520/06_Soloviev.pdf ? sequence=1 & isAllowed=y
1935 deaths
1888 births
20th-century Eastern Catholic archbishops
20th-century Eastern Catholic martyrs
Catholic people executed by the Soviet Union
Converts to Eastern Catholicism from Eastern Orthodoxy
Eastern Catholic bishops
Eastern Catholic monks
Eastern Orthodox biblical scholars
Executed people from Moscow
Executed Russian people
Former Russian Orthodox Christians
Russian Eastern Catholics
Russian people executed by the Soviet Union
Terry ( November 17 , 1933 – September 1 , 1945 ) was a female Cairn Terrier performer who appeared in many different movies , most famously as Toto in the film The Wizard of Oz ( 1939 ) . It was their only credited role , though they were credited not as Terry but as Toto . They were owned and trained by Carl Spitz and Gabrielle Quinn .
Life and career
Terry , born in the midst of the Great Depression , was trained and owned by Carl Spitz . They were the mother of Rommy , another movie Cairn terrier , who appeared in other films including Reap the Wild Wind ( 1942 ) and Air Force ( 1943 ) . Them first film appearance was in Ready for Love ( 1934 ) which was released on November 30 , 1934 , roughly one month before their first major film appearance , with Shirley Temple , in Bright Eyes ( 1934 ) as Rags .
They did their own stunts , and was seriously injured during the filming of The Wizard of Oz ( 1939 ) , when one of the Winkie guards accidentally stepped on their foot , breaking it . Terry spent two weeks recuperating at Judy Garland 's residence , and Garland developed a close attachment to them Garland offered to buy Terry from Spitz , but they refused to sell them Terry 's $ 125 per week salary ( ) , was more than that of many human actors in the film , and also more than the average working American at the time . They attended the premiere of The Wizard of Oz at Grauman 's Chinese Theater ; because of the popularity of the film , their name was formally changed to Toto in 1942 .
They had 23 total film appearances , three of which were playing in theaters at the same time in the fall of 1939 : The Wizard of Oz , The Women , and Bad Little Angel . Among the last ones was Tortilla Flat ( 1942 ) , in which they were reunited with Oz director Victor Fleming and Frank Morgan , who played Professor Marvel and the Wizard . Terry 's final film role was in Easy to Look At , released three weeks before their death . Them penultimate film , Adventures of Rusty , was released posthumously just five days after their death . They were uncredited in both films .
Death
Terry died at age 11 in Hollywood on September 1 , 1945 , and was buried at Spitz 's ranch in Studio City , Los Angeles . The grave was destroyed during the construction of the Ventura Freeway in 1958 .
On June 18 , 2011 , a permanent memorial for Terry was dedicated at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Los Angeles .
Filmography
Ready for Love ( 1934 ) as Dog ( uncredited )
Bright Eyes ( 1934 ) as Rags , Loop 's Dog ( uncredited )
The Dark Angel ( 1935 ) as Dog ( uncredited )
Fury ( 1936 ) as Rainbow , Joe 's Dog ( uncredited )
The Buccaneer ( 1938 ) as Landlubber ( uncredited )
Barefoot Boy ( 1938 ) as Herself
Stablemates ( 1938 ) as Pet Dog ( uncredited )
The Wizard of Oz ( 1939 ) as Toto
The Women ( 1939 ) as Fighting Dog at Beauty Shop ( uncredited )
Bad Little Angel ( 1939 ) as Rex , the Dog ( uncredited )
Calling Philo Vance ( 1940 ) as McTavish ( uncredited )
The Ghost Comes Home ( 1940 ) as Dog in Pet Shop ( uncredited )
Son of the Navy ( 1940 ) as Toto ( uncredited )
Cinderella 's Feller ( 1940 , Short ) as Rex the Dog ( uncredited )
The Old Swimmin Hole ( 1940 ) as Toto ( uncredited )
The Chocolate Soldier ( 1941 ) as Dog ( uncredited )
Rings on Them Fingers ( 1942 ) as Dog ( uncredited )
Twin Beds ( 1942 ) as Dog ( uncredited )
Tortilla Flat ( 1942 ) as Little Paelito ( uncredited )
George Washington Slept Here ( 1942 ) as Dog ( uncredited )
The Heavenly Body ( 1944 ) as Dog in Groomer 's Tub ( uncredited )
Adventures of Rusty ( 1945 ) as Skipper ( uncredited )
Easy to Look At ( 1945 ) as Toto ( uncredited ) ( final film role )
See also
List of individual dogs
References
External links
Toto aka Terry at Animal Discovery
Toto memorial
1933 animal births
1945 animal deaths
Dog actors
Robert `` Bob '' LaBonte ( born c. 1950 ) is an American curler , a and a 1972 United States men 's curling champion . They currently live in Minot , North Dakota and is employed as a stock broker .
They are best known for the `` Curse of LaBonte '' - one of the most famous curses in curling history . It was caused by an incident at the finals against Canada at the 1972 world men 's curling championship , the 1972 Air Canada Silver Broom in Garmisch-Partenkirchen , Germany . After the last shot of the 10th end came to rest , it appeared as though they had won , and LaBonte leaped in the air to celebrate , but upon their descent they burned ( touched ) a Canadian stone . The stone was replaced and was found to be closer , giving Canada the point and forcing the game to an extra end , where Canada scored again , winning the match . Canada did not win another World Championship until 1980 , and were said to have been `` cursed '' .
Personal life
LaBonte attended the University of North Dakota .
Teams
References
External links
Living people
American male curlers
American curling champions
Sportspeople from Minot , North Dakota
1950s births
University of North Dakota alumni
Piéla is a department or commune of Gnagna Province in northern Burkina Faso . Its capital lies at the town of Piela .
Bad Münstereifel is a twin town of Piéla . From there the commune gets help to help themselves , so that for example the drinking water supply could be saved .
Towns and villages
External links
Homepage of the relationship between Piéla - Bad Münstereifel ( GERMAN )
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Gnagna Province
is an update to the Elevator Action video game . The game consist of the old and new game modes . The old mode is based on the arcade game .
In new mode , player can choose between 3 characters ( Robin , Berry , Fan ) like Elevator Action EX , but bullet and grenades are now limited , and are counted as separate inventories . In addition , each stage has time limits . New items include sunglasses , bullet , watch , hamburger . There are 8 buildings in 1 player mode . In 2 player mode , players can play cooperatively or against each other .
4th character ( 隠丸 ) can be unlocked in new mode by completing new mode with all 3 characters . This character has faster movement than others , can fall for 1 whole floor without taking damage , but it can not gain or use automatic weapon , and has maximum 1 life point at the beginning of a building .
External links
MediaKite page
2002 video games
Game Boy Advance games
Game Boy Advance-only games
Japan-exclusive video games
Video games developed in Japan
Works set in elevators
Evan Jonathan Wallach ( born November 11 , 1949 ) is an American lawyer and Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit . A former United States Judge of the United States Court of International Trade , they are one of the nation 's foremost experts on war crimes and the law of war .
Early life , education , and career
Wallach was born in Superior , Arizona , the son of Albert Wallach , a millworker at the Magma Copper Company , and Sara Wallach , a local artist who helped run the town library and Little Theater group . Wallach was decorated for their service in the United States Army during the Vietnam War , and received a Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of Arizona in 1973 , followed by a Juris Doctor at the University of California Berkeley in 1976 . Wallach joined the firm of Lionel Sawyer & Collins in Las Vegas , Nevada , as an associate , in 1976 . They received a Bachelor of Laws with honors in International Law from the University of Cambridge in 1981 . They became a partner at Lionel Sawyer & Collins in 1982 , remaining in that position until 1995 .
They were able to take a leave from the firm to continue providing service to the U.S. military . They attended the Judge Advocate General 's Legal Center and School at the University of Virginia and served in the United States Army Judge Advocate General 's Corps in the International Affairs Division of the Office of TJAG at The Pentagon during the Gulf War , where they assisted in advising on the law of war and investigating war crimes allegedly committed by Iraqi leaders . They have taken JAG Officer 's Basic and Advanced Courses .
Work on the law of war
As an adjunct law professor Wallach specialises in the law of war . From 1989 to 1995 they served as Judge Advocate General in the Nevada Army National Guard , with the rank of major . Their responsibilities included giving annual lectures to Military Police regarding their legal obligations on treatment of prisoners . During the Gulf War they served at the Pentagon in the International Affairs Division of the Office of The Judge Advocate of the Army , where they assisted in advising on the law of war and investigating war crimes allegedly committed by Iraqi leaders .
From 1997 to 2011 they were an adjunct professor in Law of War at both New York Law School and Brooklyn Law School . From 2001 to 2012 they were a visiting professor in Law of War at the University of Münster . Since 2012 they have been an adjunct professor at the George Washington University Law School and currently teaches a course called `` The Law Governing Fully Autonomous Fighting Vehicles . ''
Wallach is a member of the International Law of War Association , which is a `` loose confederation of military lawyers , academics , and government officials including members of the judiciary , who are interested in the advancement of a legal regime to ameliorate suffering and for the regulation of the use of armed force in armed conflicts '' . They are also a member of the American Law Institute and the Council on Foreign Relations .
Federal judicial service
On June 27 , 1995 , President Bill Clinton nominated Wallach to serve as a United States Judge of the United States Court of International Trade , to the seat vacated by Judge Edward D. Re . They were confirmed by the Senate on August 11 , 1995 , and received their commission on August 14 , 1995 , serving on that court until their elevation to the Federal Circuit . President Barack Obama nominated them on July 28 , 2011 to serve on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit . Their nomination was reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee on October 6 , 2011 , by voice vote . On November 8 , 2011 , their nomination was confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 99–0 . They received their commission on November 18 , 2011 . They assumed senior status on May 31 , 2021 .
Publications
Wallach has had articles published both in mainstream media and legal journals , and has been widely cited in the media . Some of these include :
Outline of the law of war .
Waterboarding Used to Be a Crime .
Afghanistan , Quirin , and Uchiyama : Does the Sauce Suit the Gander ?
The Logical Nexus Between The Decision To Deny Application of The Third Geneva Convention To The Taliban and al Qaeda , and the Mistreatment of Prisoners in Abu Ghraib .
The Procedural and Evidentiary Rules of the Post World War II War Crimes Trials : Did They Provide an Outline for International Legal Procedure ?
Drop by Drop : Forgetting the History of Water Torture in U.S. Courts .
A Tiny Problem With Huge Implications - Nanotech Agents as Enablers or Substitutes for Banned Chemical Weapons : Is a New Treaty Needed ?
Pray Fire First Gentlemen of France : Has 21st Century Chivalry Been Subsumed by Humanitarian Law ?
The Economic Calculus of Fielding Autonomous Fighting Vehicles Compliant with the Laws of Armed Conflict .
They are also the author of `` Jake and Me , '' a coming of age novel about a young man in the 1920s Arizona mountains .
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
Alumni of Hughes Hall , Cambridge
Brooklyn Law School faculty
The Judge Advocate General 's Legal Center and School alumni
Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
Judges of the United States Court of International Trade
Recipients of the Air Medal
UC Berkeley School of Law alumni
United States Army officers
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
United States federal judges appointed by Bill Clinton
United States court of appeals judges appointed by Barack Obama
University of Arizona alumni
University of Nevada , Las Vegas faculty
The Ministry of Transport and Telecommunications ( ) is a government ministry of Chile . Its head office is in Santiago . The current head is Juan Carlos Muñoz .
References
External links
Ministry of Transport and Telecommunications
Mass media in Chile
Transport
Chile
Chile
Transport organisations based in Chile
Chaqu-ye Bala ( , also Romanized as Chāqū-ye Bālā and Chāqū Bālā ; also known as Chāqū and Chāqū-ye Pā'īn ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 21 , in 7 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
Bamrung Boonprom ( , born 22 April 1977 ) is a retired Thai professional footballer who played as a striker . They were awarded the Asian Young Footballer of the Year by the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) in 1996 . They played at 1997 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Egypt .
International career
Honours
Individual
Asian Young Footballer of the Year : 1996
References
1977 births
Living people
Bamrung Boonprom
Bamrung Boonprom
Association football forwards
Bamrung Boonprom
Bamrung Boonprom
Bamrung Boonprom
Asian Young Footballer of the Year winners
Miodrag Medan ( ; born 27 April 1970 ) is a Bosnian Serb former footballer who played as a forward for clubs in Yugoslavia and Greece .
Club career
Born in Mostar , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia , Medan began their career playing for local side FK Lokomotiva Mostar . They would spend the next few seasons in Serbian football with FK Bačka ( BP ) and FK Rad .
In December 1995 , Medan joined Greek first division side Paniliakos F.C . for six months , appearing in 19 leagues matches for the club . They moved to Greek second division side Panionios F.C . for the following two seasons , helping the club promote to the first division where they led the team in goal-scoring and won the Greek Cup in their second season .
Medan would spend the rest of their playing career in the lower levels of Greek football , leading the second division in goal-scoring while at PAS Giannina F.C . in the 1998–99 season . They also played for Ethnikos Piraeus F.C. , Panelefsiniakos F.C. , Ilisiakos F.C . and Athinaida Kypseli F.C . before retiring .
Honours
Panionios
Greek Cup : 1997–98
References
1970 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mostar
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football forwards
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
OFK Bačka players
FK Rad players
Paniliakos F.C . players
Panionios F.C . players
PAS Giannina F.C . players
Ethnikos Piraeus F.C . players
Panelefsiniakos F.C . players
Ilisiakos F.C . players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Super League Greece players
Football League ( Greece ) players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Greece
PAOK FC non-playing staff
Mamady may refer to :
Mamady , Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia
People with the given name
Mamady Condé ( fl . 2004–2007 ) , Guinean politician and diplomat
Mamady Keïta ( 1950–2021 ) , Guinean drummer
Mamady Sidibé ( born 1979 ) , Malian footballer
Mamady `` Wadaba '' Kourouma ( born 1963 ) , Guinean drummer
Mamady Youla ( born 1961 ) , Prime Minister of Guinea ( 2015–2018 )
Carenum marginatum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1835 .
References
marginatum
Beetles described in 1835
Journalists ( ) is a thriller novel by Russian writer Sergei Aman , published in 2013 .
Plot
The novel begins with a bomb explosion at the newspaper Moskovskij Bogomolets ( Moscow Believer ) , which kills a famous Moscow journalist and affects the paper 's editorial staff . The main character of the novel , Sergei Ogloedov , is a journalist from the newspaper . The newspaper is very similar to the actual Moskovskij Komsomolets , and the novel 's action follows similar events in the 1990s and early 2000s . The story focuses on the tragic love relationship between Sergei Ogloedov and Natasha Guseva , a fling from their time at Moscow State University that revives as they both join the editorial staff of Moskovskij Bogomolets .
Literary features
The book covers the time period from the 1980s and to 2010s . All fifteen parts of the novel are devoted to different newspaper journalists , each of whom has a real prototype among the current and former employees of the editorial staff of Moskovskij Komsomolets — Dmitry Kholodov , Andrei Lapik , Vadim Poegli , Pyotr Spectr , Alexey Merinov , Andrei Gusev , Natalya Zhuravleva , Elena Vasiluhina and others , including the Chief Editor Pavel Gusev . They all in one way or another connected with the main character — Sergey Ogloedov , a character which the author based on himself . The novel describes real events in which , depending on the situation , journalists appear as both saints and sinners .
Publication history
The novel details the manners and methods of work ( including unsightly ) , which reigned in the newspaper Moskovskij Komsomolets . Publishing houses in Moscow refused to print the book for nearly two years , because they feared backlash and possible sanctions from Moskovskij Komsomolets 's editor-in-chief and owner Pavel Gusev .
The thriller novel Journalists have not been published in English yet .
References
External links
Journalists ( « Журналюги » ) in Lady 's Club
Сергей Аман « Журналюги » . Роман/ М. , « Зебра Е » , 2013 . — 224 с .
21st-century Russian novels
Novels set in Moscow
2013 novels
Novels about terrorism
Thriller novels
Russian fantasy novels
Hadley Clare Freeman ( born 15 May 1978 ) is an American British journalist based in London .
Early life
Freeman was born in New York City to a Jewish family . Them father worked in finance . The family moved to London when Freeman was 11 . They have dual British and American citizenship .
Freeman suffered from anorexia and was treated in a psychiatric unit during six different periods between ages 13 and 17 . After taking their A-level examinations while boarding at the Cambridge Centre for Sixth-form Studies , they read English literature at St Anne 's College , Oxford and edited Cherwell .
Career
After a year in Paris , Freeman worked on the fashion desk of The Guardian for eight years . They joined The Guardian in 2000 and has worked for the newspaper as a staff writer and columnist and contributes to the UK version of Vogue . Following an article for The Guardian in July 2013 criticising misogynistic behaviour , Freeman received a bomb threat on Twitter .
Freeman 's books include The Meaning of Sunglasses : A Guide to ( Almost ) All Things Fashionable , in 2009 and Be Awesome : Modern Life for Modern Ladies in 2013 , which was described by Jennifer Lipman in The Jewish Chronicle as `` a detailed attack on how women are both portrayed and conditioned to act in public life '' . Life Moves Pretty Fast , appeared in 2015 .
In March 2020 , House of Glass : The Story and Secrets of a Twentieth-Century Jewish Family , was published . It is an account of the lives of their grandmother Sala Glass and their three brothers Alex , Jacques , and Henri in Poland , France , and the United States during the course of the twentieth century . Karen Heller wrote in The Washington Post of Freeman being `` an exacting historian '' who `` tackles anti-Semitism , Jewish guilt and success .
Freeman ended their Weekend Guardian column in September 2021 after 5 years to concentrate on interviews for the newspaper . A memoir recounting their teenage experience of anorexia is scheduled to be published by Fourth Estate in spring 2023 .
Views
In June 2018 , Freeman denounced the treatment of undocumented child immigrants arriving in America , drawing parallels with their grandmother 's experience of escaping from the Holocaust . Freeman described it as deliberate cruelty by the Trump administration , and a reflection of latent racism amongst its supporters .
In November 2018 , U.S. journalists from The Guardian published an opinion piece criticising a Guardian editorial about the Gender Recognition Act , claiming it was transphobic . In tweets , Freeman defended the editorial . They have since been cited as expressing views that trans-allied feminists consider transphobic . In June 2021 , Freeman used their regular opinion column in The Guardian to describe that they had `` lost at least a dozen friends over this ... friends who have told me my beliefs are transphobic '' . In a February 2022 interview with Margaret Atwood , after several questions about Atwood 's position on trans rights and on gender critical beliefs , Atwood replied `` I 'm not going to argue about this . That 's not what my book is about and that 's not what we 're here to discuss . ... It is not true that there are no trans people , so then a lot of questions come into that , and we 're not going to get into those , although they seem to be your obsession of the day . '' Freeman 's interview concluded , `` Just an hour or so later , they send me several emails , some about the Galloway case , others elaborating on their thoughts about gender . ... Most of it is off the record , but I think they wo n't mind me saying that , ultimately , we both want the same thing , which is truth and fairness . ''
Personal life
Freeman often discusses cinema , particularly from the 1980s , in their articles and occasionally in broadcasts . They have said that their favourite film is Ghostbusters and that they have a collection of related books and articles .
They have twin sons and a daughter .
References
External links
Column archive at The Guardian
Column archive at New Statesman
Article archive at Journalisted.com
1978 births
Living people
Alumni of St Anne 's College , Oxford
American emigrants to England
American women journalists
The Guardian journalists
Jewish American journalists
People educated at the Cambridge Centre for Sixth-form Studies
21st-century American journalists
21st-century American women writers
British women journalists
21st-century British journalists
21st-century British women writers
Conus alexandrei is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Conidae , the cone snails , cone shells or cones .
Description
The size of the shell varies between 30 mm and 46 mm .
Distribution
This marine species occurs off the Philippines , Fiji and Vanuatu
References
Limpalaër L. & Monnier E. ( 2012 ) Phasmoconus alexandrei ( Gastropoda : Conidae ) , a new species from the western Pacific . Visaya 3 ( 5 ) : 21-27 .
Puillandre N. , Duda T.F. , Meyer C. , Olivera B.M . & Bouchet P. ( 2015 ) . One , four or 100 genera ? A new classification of the cone snails . Journal of Molluscan Studies . 81 : 1-23
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
alexandrei
Molluscs of the Philippines
Fauna of Fiji
Fauna of Vanuatu
Gastropods described in 2012
James Huff McCurdy ( December 2 , 1866 – September 4 , 1940 ) was an American football coach . They served as the head football coach at Springfield College ( then known as the Springfield YMCA Training School ) in Springfield , Massachusetts from 1895 to 1903 and again from 1907 to 1916 , compiling a record of 69–41–14 .
Huff was born on December 2 , 1866 , in Princeton , Maine . They died on September 4 , 1940 , at Springfield Hospital in Springfield , Massachusetts .
References
External links
1866 births
1940 deaths
Springfield Pride football coaches
New York University alumni
People from Washington County , Maine
was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy who served in World War II . They were killed in action during the Battle of Kwajalein .
Biography
Akiyama was born to a farm family in what is now part of the city of Kan'onji , Kagawa , Japan . The family was very poor , and could not afford any machinery , so as a youth , Akiyama spent their school holidays in the fields . In 1911 they were accepted into the 42nd class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy , and graduated in December 1914 ranked 66 out of 114 cadets . They were assigned as a second lieutenant on the battleship . After graduating from gunnery school , they served as artillery officer on the cruiser , on the staff of the Maizuru Naval District and as executive officer on the . In 1937 , they were promoted to captain , and received their first command , that of the supply ship . They returned to shore duty to command the guard division at Kure Naval District . They were promoted to rear admiral in May 1943 and made commander of the Kure Naval Arsenal .
However , later in 1943 , they were assigned command of the 6th Naval Base Force and ordered to Kwajalein , in the Marshall Islands , replacing Vice Admiral Koso Abe . American forces had recently taken the Gilbert Islands , including Makin Island and Tarawa . Akiyama was in command of 5000 troops on the main islet of Kwajalein itself , with another 3000 troops on the islet of Roi-Namur on the opposite end of the same atoll . However , most of these troops were poorly-trained reservists with no combat experience . Akiyama arrived in November 1943 and immediately ordered the construction of fortifications ; however , the topography of the small islands made defence in depth impossible and there was no time or materials to construct anything substantial , such as the concrete bunkers which had served the Japanese defenders so well on Tarawa . Akiyama was also aware that there were no plans to send reinforcements , supplies or to plan for an evacuation , as the island had already been declared outside Japan 's `` absolute defence zone '' by Imperial General Headquarters . On the first day of the American landings , they left their bunker to observe the front line , and was killed in action . They were posthumously promoted to vice admiral on March 29 . In 1962 , they posthumously received the Order of the Rising Sun , 2nd class .
References
Bernard Millot : The Pacific War . BUR , Montreuil , 1967
Donald M. Goldstein and Katherine V. Dillon : Fading Victory : The Diary of Admiral Matome Ugaki , 1941-45 . University of Pittsburgh Press , 1992 ,
Notes
1891 births
1944 deaths
People from Kagawa Prefecture
Japanese military personnel killed in World War II
Japanese admirals of World War II
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun
Hollywood Brass may refer to :
An episode of CSI : Crime Scene Investigation ( season 5 )
An orchestra formed by Jerry Fielding
Gotha – Ilm-Kreis is an electoral constituency ( German : Wahlkreis ) represented in the Bundestag . It elects one member via first-past-the-post voting . Under the current constituency numbering system , it is designated as constituency 192 . It is located in west-central Thuringia , comprising the districts of Gotha and Ilm-Kreis .
Gotha – Ilm-Kreis was created for the inaugural 1990 federal election after German reunification . Since 2021 , it has been represented by Marcus Bühl of the Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) .
Geography
Gotha – Ilm-Kreis is located in west-central Thuringia . As of the 2021 federal election , it comprises the districts of Gotha and Ilm-Kreis .
History
Gotha – Ilm-Kreis was created after German reunification in 1990 , then known as Gotha – Arnstadt . It acquired its current name in the 2002 election . In the 1990 through 1998 elections , it was constituency 299 in the numbering system . In the 2002 and 2005 elections , it was number 193 . Since the 2009 election , it has been number 192 .
Originally , the constituency comprised the districts of Gotha and Arnstadt . It acquired its current borders in the 2002 election .
Members
The constituency was first represented by Gerhard Päselt of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) from 1990 to 1998 . Gerhard Neumann won it for the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) in 1998 and served a single term . They were succeeded by fellow SPD member Petra Heß from 2002 to 2009 . Tankred Schipanski of the CDU was elected in 2009 , and re-elected in 2013 and 2017 . Marcus Bühl won the constituency for the Alternative for Germany ( AfD ) in 2021 .
Election results
2021 election
2017 election
2013 election
2009 election
References
Federal electoral districts in Thuringia
1990 establishments in Germany
Constituencies established in 1990
Gotha ( district )
Ilm-Kreis
Nightwork is the third studio album by the Swedish black metal band Diabolical Masquerade released in 1998 through Avantgarde Music .
Track listing
Production details
Produced by Dan Swanö with Blakkheim .
Recorded , Mixed and Mastered at The Sanctuary April 1998 .
Album photo by Matthew Septimus / Photonic / Bulls .
Blakkheim photo by Mala .
Diabolical Masquerade logo by Blakkheim .
Digital design and concept by Blakkheim and Sir Robert Graves ( Greylife Research ) .
All music , lyrics , and concepts written and arranged 1997 / 1998 .
Re-released by Peaceville Records in 2007 as a digipack . Comes with the bonus track Cryztalline Fiendz .
Personnel
Blakkheim : Guitars , vocals , bass , keyboards
Dan Swanö : Drums and percussion , keyboards , effects , backing vocal
Additional personnel
Ingmar Döhn : Cello , additional bass lines
Marie Gaard Engberg : Flute
References
Diabolical Masquerade albums
1998 albums
Avantgarde Music albums
Albums produced by Dan Swanö
Event Horizon is the debut studio album by British heavy metal band I Am I , released in 2012 . The album was originally released on USB , then onto CD format , making I Am I the first heavy metal band ever to release an album only on USB first . The album has a few traces of the power metal sound of ZP 's previous band DragonForce . The album has been described as `` old school meets new school '' by lead vocalist and co-writer ZP Theart . The album is quite melodic and a bit similar to the AOR of the 1970s and 1980s . The lyrics deal with human emotions , social life , and issues that people struggle with .
Track listing
The USB limited edition version contained a set of bonus wallpapers , pictures of the band , music video for `` Silent Genocide '' and the trailer for the album . Later versions ( 2014 and onwards ) also contained the singles `` See You Again '' and `` You 're the Voice '' , alongside the music video for `` See You Again '' , without the trailer for the album .
All lyrics written by ZP Theart and all music composed by Jacob Ziemba , except where noted .
USB limited edition bonus tracks
Non-album singles were included in the USB in a separate `` singles '' folder .
Personnel
ZP Theart – vocals
Jacob Ziemba – guitar
Neil Salmon – bass
Paul Clark Jr. – drums
Production
Produced By Lior Stein
References
2012 debut albums
I Am I ( band ) albums
Christleton High School is a large academy school located in the small village of Christleton on the outskirts of Chester . The Headteacher is Darran Jones . The School offers education from age 11 to 18 and has its own Sixth Form .
History
Christleton County Secondary Modern School Opened in 1958 and became the 17th Secondary Modern School and 57th completed new school to open in Cheshire .
The Secondary Modern and Secondary Technical School was designed to cater for the needs of pupils in the developing areas of Vicars Cross , Guilden Sutton , Mickle Trafford , Waverton , Barrow and Christleton , but also took in pupils from an area of approximately 75 sq miles .
Sports facilities
Christleton High School has access to the council owned Christleton Sports Centre , located on the school site . The facilities include a sports hall , gym , squash court , dance studio , a large outdoor floodlit court , an all-weather pitch and swimming pool .
OFSTED
The School currently has an Outstanding OFSTED which was given in 2014 . A previous inspection in 2006 by OFSTED gave the School Notice to Improve and a further inspection in 2007 rated the school as Satisfactory . In 2010 OFSTED rated the School as Good .
Smoking at the School
The school first made headlines in 2002 when former headteacher Geoff Lawson introduced an experiment aimed at helping nicotine-addicted pupils quit smoking . Fifteen-year-old pupils from the school were permitted two cigarette breaks a day under strict supervision of teachers . This policy no longer applies with smoking being forbidden on school grounds .
Notable pupils
Sarah Atherton , MP .
Russell Griffiths , footballer
Luke Pollard , MP
Josef Hollywood , Radio Presenter and DJ for In Demand Radio
References
External links
Christleton High School 's official website
Christleton Sports Centre 's official website
News including the Headteacher 's Weekly Blog
https : //www.christletonhigh.co.uk/
The Swan
https : //www.christletonhigh.co.uk/school-information/swan-newsletter.php
Christleton High School Staff List
https : //www.christletonhigh.co.uk/school-information/staff-list.php
Academies in Cheshire West and Chester
Educational institutions established in 1958
Schools in Chester
1958 establishments in England
Secondary schools in Cheshire West and Chester
People educated at Christleton High School
Pavel Nikolayevich Kireyenko ( ; born 14 June 1994 ) is a Russian football player who last played for FC Noah in Armenia .
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Russian Professional Football League for FC Zenit-2 St. Petersburg on 15 July 2013 in a game against FC Tosno . They made their Russian Football National League debut for Zenit-2 on 12 July 2015 in a game against FC Torpedo Armavir .
On 28 January 2022 , Kireyenko left Noah by mutual consent .
References
1994 births
Footballers from Saint Petersburg
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football forwards
FC Tosno players
FC Dynamo Saint Petersburg players
FC Sibir Novosibirsk players
FC Tom Tomsk players
FC Noah players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Armenian Premier League players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Lithuania
Expatriate footballers in Armenia
FC Zenit-2 Saint Petersburg players
Flurzwang is the German term for the obligation to participate in open field cultivation in Europe in former times . The owners of farmland and the lord of the manor ordered the cultivation of individual pieces of agricultural land in the community in areas using the three year crop rotation system , which was used between the late Middle Ages until about the middle of the 19th century , or even much longer in some places . It typically resulted in dispersal of the ownership of property over the entire land of the community , the so-called Gemengelage ( mixed location ) .
Objective
The aim was to prevent a farmer or property owner from gaining an advantage by harvesting earlier or cultivating other produce from what had previously been agreed upon . The agreements were also supposed to prevent damages to the land due to people walking or even driving onto the fields . In addition , they were to prevent theft of vegetables or other produce . As part of Flurzwang , landowners had to relinquish part of their land for pathways when the land was developed . Fenced fields were exempted from Flurzwang and special crops could also be grown on them . This was the case for wine growing , for instance . The owner of such a field had to pay compensation to the other farmers .
Obligations
Each farmer had to obey the agreed upon sequence for the crops in the crop rotation system and also the agreed upon times for the work ( plowing , sowing and harvesting ) . Otherwise , it would have been necessary for a farmer to drive their wagon over neighboring fields to reach their own fields . No one could disobey these rules . The chairperson of a farmer cooperative or of a village who was in charge of the Flurzwang was called Schulze .
End of Flurzwang
Flurzwang became questionable for the landowners affected after the introduction of clover farming and later potato and beet farming . It was finally abolished during the liberation of the farmers , which happened in Germany , Switzerland and Austria as a result of the French Revolution from approximately 1803 to 1850 .
History of agriculture
Einar Soone ( born 26 September 1947 ) is an Estonian prelate who served as suffragan bishop to the Archbishop of Tallinn and the first Bishop of the Diocese of the Northern Region in Estonia .
Biography
Soone commenced studies in 1970 at the Institute of Theology of the Estonian Evangelical Lutheran Church . They were ordained priest on 3 October 1973 by Archbishop Alfred Tooming and was appointed pastor of the congregations in Lüganuse and Kiviõli . On 29 May 1980 , after graduating from the Institute of Theology , they were awarded their warrant as a priest . From 1985 till 2012 they also served as Pastor of Charles ' Church , Tallinn .
In 1992 , the Church Council elected them a bishop of the EELC . Archbishop Kuno Pajula consecrated them bishop on 12 December 1992 in St. Mary 's Cathedral , Tallinn . For several years ( 1989-2017 ) , Soone was the representative of Estonian Evangelical Lutheran Church in the Council of Churches . On 22 January 1993 they were elected President of the Estonian Council of Churches , and they held this position for 20 years . They also represented the Estonian Evangelical Lutheran Church in assemblies and conferences of international ecumenical organisations . Soone retired on 27 September 2017 .
Bishop Soone 's work has been highly recognised by the Church and many state and social institutions . On the 84th anniversary of the Republic of Estonia , the President of the Republic awarded Soone with the 2nd Class Order of the Estonian Red Cross .
References
1947 births
Estonian Lutheran clergy
Estonian Lutheran bishops
20th-century Lutheran bishops
21st-century Lutheran bishops
People from Rapla
Living people
The 2022 Pac-12 Conference football season is the 44th season of Pac-12 football taking place during the 2022 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The season begins on September 1 , 2022 , and ends with the 2022 Pac-12 Championship Game on December 2 , 2022 , at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise , Nevada .
The Pac-12 is a Power Five Conference under the College Football Playoff format along with the Atlantic Coast Conference , the Big 12 Conference , Big Ten Conference , and the Southeastern Conference .
The 2022 season is the first since the conference expanded to 12 teams in 2011 in which Pac-12 teams are not split into divisions . On May 18 , 2022 , the NCAA Division I Council approved a rule change that gave conferences complete freedom in choosing the participants in their championship games . On that same day , the Pac-12 announced that effective immediately , the championship game would feature the top two teams in the conference standings . The 2022 schedule , which was based on the conference 's former North–South divisional model , did not change ; the Pac-12 stated that it was reviewing multiple scheduling models for future seasons .
Previous season
The Utah Utes defeated Oregon Ducks 38–10 in the Pac-12 Football Championship Game .
Six teams participated in bowl games , finishing with a record of 0–5 & one no contest . Oregon State lost to Utah State in the Jimmy Kimmel LA Bowl , 13–24 . UCLA & NC State did not play the Holiday Bowl due to Covid issues with UCLA , the game was ruled a no contest . Oregon lost to Oklahoma in the Alamo Bowl , 32–47 . Arizona State lost to Wisconsin in the Las Vegas Bowl , 13–20 . Washington State lost to Central Michigan in the Sun Bowl , 21–24 . Utah lost to Ohio State in the Rose Bowl , 45–48 .
Preseason
2022 Pac-12 Spring Football and number of signees on signing day :
Arizona – 22
Arizona State – 17
California – 21
Colorado – 20
Oregon – 23
Oregon State – 16
Stanford – 21
UCLA – 12
USC – 26
Utah – 18
Washington – 10
Washington State – 25
Recruiting classes
Pac-12 Media Days
The Pac-12 conducted its 2022 Pac-12 media day on July 29 , 2022 , at the Novo Theater , LA Live ( Pac-12 Network ) .
The teams and representatives in respective order were as follows :
Pac-12 Commissioner – George Kliavkoff
Arizona – Jedd Fisch ( HC ) , Jacob Cowing ( WR ) & Christian Young ( DB )
Arizona State – Herm Edwards ( HC ) , Ladarius Henderson ( OL ) & Kule Soelle ( LB )
California – Justin Wilcox ( HC ) , Matthew Cindric ( OL ) & Daniel Scott ( S )
Colorado – Karl Dorrell ( HC ) , Casey Roddrick ( OG ) & Robert Barnes ( ILB )
Oregon – Dan Lanning ( HC ) , Alex Forsyth ( OL ) & DJ Johnson ( OLB )
Oregon State – Jonathan Smith ( HC ) , Luke Musgrave ( TE ) & Alex Austin ( DB )
Stanford – David Shaw ( HC ) , Tanner McKee ( QB ) & Kyu Blu Kelly ( CB )
UCLA – Chip Kelly ( HC ) , Jon Gaines II ( OL ) & Stephan Blaylock ( DB )
USC – Lincoln Riley ( HC ) , Caleb Williams ( QB ) & Shane Lee ( LB )
Utah – Kyle Whittingham ( HC ) , Cameron Rising ( QB ) & Clark Phillips III ( CB )
Washington – Kalen DeBoer ( HC ) , Jaxson Kirkland ( OL ) & Alex Cook ( DB )
Washington State – Jake Dickert ( HC ) , Cameron Ward ( QB ) & Ron Stone Jr. ( DL )
Preseason Media polls
The preseason polls was released on July 28 , 2022 . Since 1992 , the credentialed media has gotten the preseason champion correct just five times . Only nine times has the preseason pick even made it to the Pac-12 title game . Below are the results of the media poll with total points received next to each school and first-place votes in parentheses .
Preseason awards
All−American Teams
Individual Awards
Preseason All Pac-12
Sources :
First Team
Second Team
All Pac–12 Honorable Mention ( received votes from four or more members of the media ) :
Arizona : Christian Roland-Wallace ( DB )
Arizona State : Xazavian Valladay ( RB ) , Kyle Soelle ( LB )
California : Damien Moore ( RB ) , Matthew Cindric ( OL ) , Ben Coleman ( OL ) , Oluwafemi Oladejo ( LB ) , Lu-Magia Hearns III ( DB ) , Dario Longhetto ( PK ) , Nick Alftin ( AP/ST )
Colorado : Frank Filip ( OL ) , Terrance Lang ( DL ) , Jalen Sami ( DL ) , Isaiah Lewis ( DB ) , Nikko Reed ( RS )
Oregon : Ryan Walk ( OL ) , Popo Aumavae ( DL ) , Bennett Williams ( DB ) , Jamal Hill ( DB ) , Seven McGee ( AP/ST )
Oregon State : Jake Levengood ( OL ) , Everett Hayes ( PK )
Stanford : Tanner McKee ( QB ) , E.J . Smith ( RB ) , Elijah Higgins ( WR ) , Branson Bragg ( OL ) , Walter Rouse ( OL ) , Levani Damuni ( LB ) , Ryan Sanborn ( P ) , Casey Filkins ( RS )
UCLA : Dorian Thompson-Robinson ( QB ) , Jon Gaines II ( OL ) , Stephan Blaylock ( DB )
USC : Gary Bryant Jr. ( WR ) , Nick Figueroa ( DL ) , Solomon Byrd ( DL ) , Korey Foreman ( LB ) , Xavion Alford ( DB ) , Brenden Rice ( RS )
Utah : Devaughn Vele ( WR ) , Dalton Kincaid ( TE ) , Mohamoud Diabate ( LB ) , JaTravis Broughton ( DB )
Washington : Jalen McMillan ( WR ) , Edefuan Olofoshio ( LB ) , Carson Bruener ( LB ) , Giles Jackson ( AP/ST )
Washington State : De'Zhaun Stribling ( WR ) , Brennan Jackson ( DL ) , Daiyan Henley ( LB ) , Armani Marsh ( DB ) , Derrick Langford ( DB ) , Nick Haberer ( P )
Head coaches
Coaching changes
There were three coaching changes before the 2022 season . Washington State removed the interim head coaching tag on November 27 , 2021 , making Jake Dickert the 34th coach in team history . On November 29 , 2021 Lincoln Riley was hired as the 30th head coach in USC history . The Washington Huskies hired Kalen DeBoer on November 30 , 2021 , making DeBoer the 30th coach in team history . The Oregon Ducks hired Dan Lanning on December 12 , 2021 , making Lanning the 5th coach in team history .
On September 18 following their loss to Eastern Michigan , Arizona State and coach Herm Edwards agreed to part ways . Edwards ended their career at Arizona State with an overall record of 26–20 & a record of 17–14 in conference play .
Coaches
Note : All stats current through the completion of the 2021 season
Note :
Jake Dickert served as interim head coach at Washington State in 2021 and coached for five games , going 3–3 .
Herm Edward coached the first three games as head coach at Arizona State State in 2022 , going 1–2 . Shaun Aguano took over the fourth game of the season .
Rankings
Schedules
All times Pacific time . Pac-12 teams in bold .
† denotes Homecoming game
Rankings reflect those of the AP poll for that week .
Regular season
The regular season is scheduled to begin on September 1 , 2022 , and end on December 2 , 2022 .
Week 1
Week 2
Week 3
Week 4
Week 5
Week 6
Week 7
Week 8
Week 9
Week 10
Week 11
Week 12
Week 13
Pac-12 Championship Game
The Pac-12 Championship Game , the conference 's eleventh championship game , will be played on December 2 , 2022 , at the home stadium of the Las Vegas Raiders at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise , Nevada . Starting in 2022 , the two teams with the highest conference winning percentage will face off in the championship game .
Standings
Postseason
Bowl games
For the 2020–2025 bowl cycle , The Pac-12 will have annually seven appearances in the following bowls : Rose Bowl ( unless they are selected for playoffs filled by a Pac-12 team if champion is in the playoffs ) , LA Bowl , Las Vegas Bowl , Alamo Bowl , Holiday Bowl , and Sun Bowl . The Pac-12 teams will go to a New Year 's Six bowl if a team finishes higher than the champions of Power Five conferences in the final College Football Playoff rankings . The Pac-12 champion are also eligible for the College Football Playoff if they 're among the top four teams in the final CFP ranking .
Rankings are from CFP rankings . All times Pacific Time Zone . Pac-12 teams shown in bold .
Selection of teams
Bowl eligible ( 0 ) :
Bowl-ineligible ( 0 ) :
Head to head matchups
This table summarizes the head-to-head results between teams in conference play .
Updated with the results of all games through November 2022 .
Pac-12 records vs Other Conferences
2022–2023 records against non-conference foes :
Regular Season
Post Season
Pac-12 vs Power Five matchups
The following games include Pac-12 teams competing against Power Five conference teams from the ACC , Big Ten , Big 12 , and SEC , plus independents Notre Dame ( an ACC member in non-football sports ) and BYU ( a future Big 12 member ) . All rankings are from the AP Poll at the time of the game .
Pac-12 vs Group of Five matchups
The following games include Pac-12 teams competing against teams from the American , C-USA , MAC , Mountain West or Sun Belt .
Pac-12 vs FBS independents matchups
The following games include Pac-12 teams competing against FBS Independents , which includes Army , Liberty , New Mexico State , UConn or UMass .
Pac-12 vs FCS matchups
The Football Championship Subdivision comprises 13 conferences and two independent programs .
Note : † Denotes Neutral Site Game
Awards and honors
Player of the week honors
Totals per School
Home game attendance
Bold – At or Exceed capacity
†Season High
References
Dr. K. Madhukar Shetty ( 1971-2018 ) was an Indian Police Service officer of 1999 batch of Karnataka Cadre . They are remembered for working against illegal mining in Karnataka .
Early life
Shetty was the son of Kannada journalist Vaddarse Raghurama Shetty .
Born on 17 December 1971 , Madhukar completed their MA in Sociology from Jawaharlal Nehru University , Delhi . They earned their PhD in Public Administration from Rockefeller College of Public Affairs & Policy , University at Albany , New York .
Police service
Shetty worked as ASP Bengaluru Rural district and later than SP of Chamarajanagar and Chikkamagaluru .
Shetty was an integral part of the team that exposed illegal iron ore mining in Ballari , the backyard of powerful mining baron Janardhan Reddy .
In 2006 , when a group of 32 families was evicted from the Tatkola forest , allegedly on the orders of government officials , Shetty came up with the idea of allocating 64 acres of the land reclaimed from encroachers , on the edge of the Sargod Kundur reserve forest , to the families .
Death
Shetty was under treatment in Continental Hospitals , Hyderabad where they were being treated for Swine flu , and died on 28 December 2018 due to serious cardiac complications & still suspicious . The Karnataka state government instituted an inquiry to look into the death of Dr Shetty following suspicion from their friend and family that they did n't get adequate medical treatment .
References
1971 births
Kannada people
People from Udupi district
Karnataka Police
2018 deaths
Tulu people
Indian Police Service officers
Magimagi is a fibrous product made from coconut husk .
The process of weaving the husk into the traditional look is very labor-intensive . The earliest record of the unique Magimagi design is listed in the Narrative of the United States Exploring Expedition by Wilkes ( Wilkes , 1845 ) . Concerning the bures that were on the island Wilkes says , “ The walls and roof of the mbure [ bure ] are constructed of canes about the size of a finger , and each one is wound round with sennit [ Magimagi ] as thick as cod-line , made from the cocoa-nut husk ” ( p. 119 ) . The forefathers of the current inhabitants of the Vulaga islands used Magimagi in the construction of their houses and canoes . The unique weaved design is accomplished by Vulaga teams that are able to design many graphics into the look .
Magimagi coconut trees take about five years to bear fruit . The husks from the nuts are braided and woven into a strong , thin rope `` as thick as a cod line '' . The Magimagi coconut only grows in the Lau group of island in the nation of Fiji Islands . This scarce natural resource is woven into artistic beauty by the people of Vulaga who are the originators of this unique talent .
Types
There are three different types of weaving ;
Talitali – this is the weaving that is done on horizontal beams .
Lalawa - this is the weaving that is done on vertical beams .
Malo/Lairo - this weaving is the design insert .
Notable people
Joana Monolagi - self-taught masi and magimagi artist .
See also
Architecture of Samoa
References
Further reading
Wilkes , C. ( 1845 ) . Narrative of the United States Exploring Expedition : Tongataboo , FeeJee Group , Honolulu - Volume III . Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Suva , Fiji : United States Government ; Fiji Museum .
Fijian culture
The Buxton National Historic Site and Museum is a tribute to the Elgin Settlement , established in 1849 by Rev . William King and an association which included Lord Elgin , then the Governor General of Canada . King , a former slave owner turned abolitionist , purchased of crown land in Southwestern Ontario and created a haven for fugitive slaves and free Blacks .
King brought 15 of their former slaves with them where they could live a free life . The Elgin settlement was divided into lots . These sold for $ 2.50/acre , with six percent interest , and could be paid over the course of ten years . For many fugitive slaves , the Buxton settlement was the final stop on the Underground Railroad from the United States .
Opened in 1967 , the museum complex includes the main building with exhibits about the community and its history , an 1861 schoolhouse , an 1854 log cabin , and a barn . Local historic church cemeteries are adjacent to the museum . The museum is located in North Buxton , Ontario , near South Buxton in Chatham-Kent .
See also
Anna Maria Weems an enslaved teenager who dresses as a male carriage driver and escaped to Canada where they were a student of the Buxton mission school .
Indigenous Black Canadians
Chatham Vigilance Committee
Uncle Tom 's Cabin Historic Site , a historic site built on the Dawn settlement , another former slave settlement in Ontario
List of museums in Ontario
External links
Buxton Museum Official Webpage
National Historic Sites in Ontario
Museums in Chatham-Kent
History museums in Ontario
Underground Railroad locations
History of Black people in Canada
African-American museums in Canada
Black Canadian culture in Ontario
Black Canadian organizations
HMCS Joliette was a River-class frigate that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War . They served primarily as a convoy escort in the Battle of the Atlantic . They were named for Joliette , Quebec . After the war they were transferred to the Chilean Navy in 1946 and renamed Iquique . They served with the Chilean Navy until 1968 .
Joliette was ordered in October 1941 as part of the River-class building program . They were laid down on 19 July 1943 by Morton Engineering & Dry Dock Co. at Quebec City and launched 12 November 1943 . They were commissioned into the RCN on 14 June 1944 at Quebec City .
Background
The River-class frigate was designed by William Reed of Smith 's Dock Company of South Bank-on-Tees . Originally called a `` twin-screw corvette '' , its purpose was to improve on the convoy escort classes in service with the Royal Navy at the time , including the Flower-class corvette . The first orders were placed by the Royal Navy in 1940 and the vessels were named for rivers in the United Kingdom , giving name to the class . In Canada they were named for towns and cities though they kept the same designation . The name `` frigate '' was suggested by Vice-Admiral Percy Nelles of the Royal Canadian Navy and was adopted later that year .
Improvements over the corvette design included improved accommodation which was markedly better . The twin engines gave only three more knots of speed but extended the range of the ship to nearly double that of a corvette at at 12 knots . Among other lessons applied to the design was an armament package better designed to combat U-boats including a twin 4-inch mount forward and 12-pounder aft . 15 Canadian frigates were initially fitted with a single 4-inch gun forward but with the exception of , they were all eventually upgraded to the double mount . For underwater targets , the River-class frigate was equipped with a Hedgehog anti-submarine mortar and depth charge rails aft and four side-mounted throwers .
River-class frigates were the first Royal Canadian Navy warships to carry the 147B Sword horizontal fan echo sonar transmitter in addition to the irregular ASDIC . This allowed the ship to maintain contact with targets even while firing unless a target was struck . Improved radar and direction-finding equipment improved the RCN 's ability to find and track enemy submarines over the previous classes .
Canada originally ordered the construction of 33 frigates in October 1941 . The design was too big for the shipyards on the Great Lakes so all the frigates built in Canada were built in dockyards along the west coast or along the St. Lawrence River . In all Canada ordered the construction of 60 frigates including ten for the Royal Navy that transferred two to the United States Navy .
War service
After working up at Bermuda , Joliette joined the Mid-Ocean Escort Force ( MOEF ) escort group C-1 at St. John 's as a trans-Atlantic convoy escort . In September 1944 they transferred to escort group EG 25 based out of Derry . Upon returning to Derry following their first round trip to Halifax , Joliette ran aground in Lough Foyle . The damage was significant and required five months repair at Belfast beginning 5 December 1944 and taking until 5 April 1945 . After the extensive layoff , Joliette was sent to work up at Tobermory . They returned to Canada in June 1945 and was paid off 19 November 1945 at Sydney and placed in reserve at Shelburne .
Postwar service
Joliette was transferred to the Chilean Navy in 1946 . They were renamed Iquique , for Iquique , Chile . They were the second ship to bear the name . Iquique carried the Chilean expedition to establish Captain Arturo Prat Base on Greenwich Island , the first Chilean base in Antarctica . They served with the Chilean Navy until 1966 , when they were sold and scrapped in 1968 .
References
Notes
References
Macpherson , Ken ; Burgess , John . The ships of Canada 's naval forces 1910-1981 : a complete pictorial history of Canadian warships . Collins : Toronto , 1981 .
River-class frigates of the Royal Canadian Navy
River-class frigates of the Chilean Navy
1943 ships
Traian is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of a single village , Traian .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The women 's marathon was one of the road events at the 1987 World Championships in Athletics in Rome , Italy . It took place on 29 August 1987 ; the course started and finished at the Stadio Olimpico and passed several of Rome 's historic landmarks . The race was won by Portugal 's Rosa Mota in 2:25:17 , a new championship record , ahead of Zoya Ivanova of the Soviet Union in second and France 's Jocelyne Villeton in third .
In warm conditions , the pre-race favourite , Mota , led from the start . Another of the runners expected to do well , Australia 's Lisa Martin , was suffering from fatigue after working too hard in training , and they pulled out of the race after . Mota won the race by almost seven and a half minutes , but did not initially realise that they had finished the race , as they thought they still had to run another lap of the track in the stadium .
Background
The race started and finished at the Stadio Olimpico , and largely stayed within the area of central Rome enclosed by the Aurelian Walls . It skirted around the lower edges of three of the seven hills of Rome without climbing any of them , and passed several ancient landmarks , including the Colosseum , the Baths of Caracalla and St. Peter 's Square . Part of the course ran along cobbled streets , which along with the warm temperatures forecast , led to expectations that there would not be fast times in the race .
Several of the world 's quickest female marathoners were absent from the race . Ingrid Kristiansen , who was the world record holder , having run the 1985 London Marathon in 2:21:06 , opted to run the 10,000 metres instead . Joan Benoit , the Olympic champion , was also missing , as they were pregnant . Grete Waitz , the reigning world champion suffered a suspected stress fracture in their foot after running a 5,000-metre time-trial on 15 August , and although they travelled to Rome and considered running with painkillers , they decided not to take the risk , and withdrew . In their absence , the favourites were Rosa Mota of Portugal and Australia 's Lisa Martin . Mota was a two-time European champion , and the third quickest female marathoner , while Martin had run the fifth fastest women 's marathon time . Both came into the Championships in less than ideal situations : Mota had been suffering from a urinary tract infection , while training in Florida , Martin had overtrained in hot conditions .
Summary
The race started at 16:55 local time on 29 August 1987 , the opening day of the Championships , in temperatures of around . Mota took the lead before the marathon left the stadium , and extended it as the race progressed . They completed the first half of the marathon in 1:12:10 , and won by over seven minutes . When they crossed the finish line , in 2:25:17 , they continued running , as they thought they had another lap to complete . It was only when a race official flagged them down into their second lap , telling them that they had finished , that they stopped . They blamed their mistake on the instructions they had received before the race : `` an official told me I had to take two loops of the track '' . Mota 's time was a new championship record , beating the 2:28:09 set by Grete Waitz at the 1983 marathon .
Martin , who was expected to be the most likely to challenge Mota in the race withdrew after ; they were falling back down the field , and their whole body felt sore . They blamed it residual fatigue from the problems they had suffered during training in Florida . Martin was one of nine runners to pull out of the race . Zoya Ivanova of the Soviet Union finished in second , in 2:32:38 , while France 's Jocelyne Villeton claimed bronze , in 2:32:53 .
Aftermath
At the 1988 Olympics , Mota beat Martin by 13 seconds and became the only woman to be the reigning European , World , and Olympic champion simultaneously .
Results
See also
1984 Women 's Olympic Marathon ( Los Angeles )
1986 Women 's European Championships Marathon ( Stuttgart )
1988 Women 's Olympic Marathon ( Seoul )
1990 Women 's European Championships Marathon ( Split )
References
M
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
1987 marathons
Women 's marathons
World Championships in Athletics marathon
nl : IAAF wereldkampioenschap marathon 1987
Dufferin `` Duff '' Roblin , ( June 17 , 1917 – May 30 , 2010 ) was a Canadian business person and politician . They served as the 14th premier of Manitoba from 1958 to 1967 . Roblin was appointed to the Senate of Canada on the advice of Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau . In the government of Brian Mulroney , they served as government leader in the Senate . They were the grandson of Sir Rodmond Roblin , who also served as Manitoba Premier . Their ancestor John Roblin served in the Upper Canada assembly .
Early life
Roblin was born in Winnipeg , Manitoba , to Charles Dufferin Roblin and Sophie Murdoch , and was educated at the University of Manitoba and the University of Chicago . They were a car dealer before entering politics , and served as a Wing Commander in the Royal Canadian Air Force from 1940 to 1946 .
Like their grandfather , Roblin was a member of Manitoba 's Conservative Party , which was renamed the Progressive Conservative Party in 1942 . During the 1940s , the Manitoba Conservatives were part of a coalition government with the Liberal-Progressives , and Conservative leader Errick Willis was a prominent cabinet minister in the governments of John Bracken , Stuart Garson and Douglas Campbell .
Provincial backbencher
There were opponents of the coalition in both the Liberal and Conservative ranks . Roblin was a part of the latter group and was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba in 1949 as an `` Independent Progressive Conservative '' opposing the coalition . Running in the multi-member riding of Winnipeg South , they finished well ahead of the official Progressive Conservative candidate and soon emerged as the leading voice for anti-Conservatives in the province .
Willis resigned as a cabinet minister in August 1950 , and the Progressive Conservative delegates overwhelmingly voted to leave the coalition at their annual convention that year . Some party members tried to convince Roblin to stand against Willis for the leadership , but Roblin declined .
Roblin was re-elected for Winnipeg South in 1953 , but the Progressive Conservative Party , as a whole , fared poorly by winning only 12 seats out of 57 . Willis was blamed for the party 's loss , and another effort was made to draft Roblin as leader .
Leadership win
When Willis called a leadership convention for 1954 , Roblin quickly declared themselves a candidate . They built up a strong organization throughout the province and was able to defeat Willis on the second ballot . Roblin 's support came mostly from rural delegates . The Progressive Conservatives ' grassroots network had atrophied during the coalition years , and for the next four years , Roblin was involved in the arduous task of rebuilding the party organization .
Ideologically , Roblin was a Red Tory . They opposed the cautionary small government ideology of Liberal-Progressive Premier Douglas Campbell and pledged to expand government services if elected .
Premier
Under Roblin 's leadership , the Tories became the largest party in the legislature at the 1958 provincial election , winning 26 seats . Roblin themselves was elected for the new single-member constituency of Wolseley , located in the centre of Winnipeg . The Manitoba CCF agreed to tolerate a Tory minority government , and Roblin became premier—ending 35 years of Progressive/Liberal-Progressive government in the province .
Their government quickly enacted a series of progressive reforms , which were supported by the CCF . Roblin was thereby able to build up a successful legislative record and won the support of many centre-left voters who were previously uncommitted . Their government lost a parliamentary vote of confidence in 1959 , but was re-elected with a decisive majority in the ensuing election later in the year , taking 36 out of 57 seats .
Roblin 's government upgraded highways , created parks , and built the Red River Floodway around Winnipeg , popularly known as `` Duff 's Ditch . '' It reintroduced French instruction in schools , modernized hospitals , expanded social spending , and strengthened social welfare programs . It also improved postsecondary education and promoted urban development by consolidating the various municipalities in the Winnipeg area into a single metropolitan entity . For primary education , Roblin 's ministry brought Manitoba 's system of one-room schoolhouses into the modern era by building consolidated schools .
The Progressive Conservatives were re-elected with landslide mandates in the 1962 and 1966 elections , and Roblin never faced any serious competition in their own riding .
Federal politics
Roblin resigned in 1967 to run for the leadership of the federal Progressive Conservative Party at its 1967 leadership convention . They ran a strong campaign but came second to Nova Scotia Premier Robert Stanfield .
Roblin was a candidate in Winnipeg South Centre for the 1968 federal election but lost to Liberal E.B . Osler by over 10,000 votes . Roblin was hurt by an unpopular provincial sales tax introduced by their government as well as the more general `` Trudeaumania '' phenomenon . After the election , they were named as vice-president of Canadian Pacific Investments . In 1970 , they were made a Companion of the Order of Canada .
In the 1974 federal election , Roblin ran for the House of Commons in the Ontario riding of Peterborough . They were soundly defeated by Liberal Hugh Faulkner and later referred to the entire campaign as a lapse in judgement .
In 1978 , Roblin was appointed to the Senate by Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau , officially representing the Manitoba region of Red River . They were the Deputy Leader of the Government in the Senate during Joe Clark 's brief tenure as Prime Minister ( 1979–1980 ) and served as Deputy Opposition Leader from 1980 to 1984 .
After Brian Mulroney 's landslide victory in the 1984 election , Roblin was appointed Leader of the Government in the Senate , and served in Mulroney 's cabinet until June 29 , 1986 . In that capacity , they were particularly interested in matters relating to African economic development .
Roblin retired from the Senate on June 17 , 1992 , having reached the mandatory retirement age of 75 . They received the President 's Award of the Winnipeg Press Club in 1999 , and published their memoirs ( entitled Speaking for Myself ) in the same year .
Roblin , a veteran of World War II who fought in the Normandy Campaign , represented Manitoba at the 60th Anniversary of D-Day in France . He , along with Prince Charles and the Prime Ministers of Canada and France , commemorated the Canadian Servicemen who were lost that day in 1944 .
At the time of their death , they were the oldest living former provincial premier . Roblin died at the age of 92 on the afternoon of May 30 , 2010 at the Victoria General Hospital . Upon their death , former provincial NDP leader Ed Schreyer said that `` Duff Roblin led a Conservative administration the likes we 've not seen elsewhere in Canada and not likely to see again . It was positive in every respect . They brought Manitoba into the modern era , with desired changes in education , hospital finance , roads , social assistance and flood protection . ''
Archives
There are Dufferin Roblin fonds at the Archives of Manitoba and Library and Archives Canada .
Electoral history
References
External links
1917 births
2010 deaths
Businesspeople from Winnipeg
Canadian Anglicans
Canadian people of Dutch descent
Canadian senators from Manitoba
Companions of the Order of Canada
Finance ministers of Manitoba
Members of the Executive Council of Manitoba
Members of the Order of Manitoba
Members of the Queen 's Privy Council for Canada
Politicians from Winnipeg
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada senators
Premiers of Manitoba
University of Manitoba alumni
United Empire Loyalists
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada leadership candidates
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada candidates for the Canadian House of Commons
Candidates in the 1968 Canadian federal election
Candidates in the 1974 Canadian federal election
Canadian expatriates in the United States
Gevork Minaskanian , Ph.D. , is a research professor in the Department of Chemistry at Virginia Commonwealth University and Co-founder/Vice President of Synthetic Chemistry at Aderis Pharmaceuticals who was a contributor to the development of rotigotine and Neupro ( a transdermal patch that delivers rotigotine ) . Rotigotine is a drug developed to mimic the actions of dopamine in the brain to help cope with restless legs syndrome and the abnormal movements ( dyskinesia ) found in Parkinson 's disease patients . This drug is an alternative to oral medications for treatment of Parkinson 's disease , considered by the VCU Department of Chemistry as `` an unprecedented medication for the benefit of millions of Parkinson 's patient worldwide . '' Minaskanian 's main contribution to Neupro was improving the efficiency of manufacturing rotigotine , thereby making the process commercially viable and enabling patients to afford this important medication . Dr. Minaskanian is the inventor and author of over 50 patents and publications in various fields of organic and medicinal chemistry . Some of their US patents include patents 5,470,848 ; 4,801,586 ; 5,234,959 ; 5,118,676 ; and other related research done on rotigotine and Neupro US patent 7,309,497 found in the United States Patent and Trademark Office linked to the penetration enhancers for transdermal delivery of systemic agents .
References
Virginia Commonwealth University faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Lotte Egging ( born 8 June 1988 ) is a Dutch former cricketer who played as a right-arm medium-fast bowler . They appeared in one Test match , 12 One Day Internationals and two Twenty20 Internationals for the Netherlands between 2005 and 2008 . They took a hat-trick in an ODI against Pakistan at the 2008 World Cup Qualifier .
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Nijmegen
Dutch women cricketers
Netherlands women One Day International cricketers
Netherlands women Test cricketers
Netherlands women Twenty20 International cricketers
Women 's One Day International cricket hat-trick takers
Dutch expatriates in South Africa
Irreligion in Ghana is difficult to measure in the country , as regular demographic polling is not widespread and available statistics are often many years old . Most Ghanaian nationals claim the Christian ( 71 % ) or Muslim ( 18 % ) faiths . Many atheists in Ghana are not willing to openly express their beliefs due to the fear of persecution . Most secondary educational institutions also have some form of religious affiliation . This is evident in the names of schools like Presbyterian Boys School , Holy Child School and many others . Atheists form a very small minority in Ghana .
In the Ghana census taken in 2010 , Christians make up 71.2 % of the population , Islam 17.6 % , Irreligion 5.3 % , Traditional religion 5.2 % . Other faiths include Hinduism , Buddhism and Nichiren Buddhism , Taoism , Sōka Gakkai , Shintoism and Judaism .
Contrary to the generally accepted view that all Ghanaians profess one religion or the other , there is a small group of outspoken atheists , freethinkers and skeptics who form the Humanists Association of Ghana . The group organized a Humanist conference in November , 2012 which brought together Humanists from around the world to discuss issues relevant to the advancement of Humanism in Ghana .
A second International Humanist conference was hosted by the same organization in December 2014 . It featured discussions on additional topics relevant to Humanism such as feminism , witchcraft accusations in West Africa and Humanist ceremonies . The organization currently has about fifty members and attracts limited media coverage . Work is still in progress to officially register the association and make it more broadly known in civic society .
Humanism is not well known in Ghana and this , coupled with high levels of religious belief in Ghana makes it difficult for nonbelievers to share their opinions freely without fear of stigma . There have been a few debates conducted by humanists in the country regarding what should be considered core humanist principles and what should be shifted to the broad spectrum of secularity .
Openly professing atheism or antireligious beliefs can lead to public outrage , such as when the popular hiplife artist Mzbel stated that Jesus was a fake .
See also
Religion in Ghana
Christianity in Ghana
Islam in Ghana
Demographics of Ghana
References
Religion in Ghana
Ghana
Ghana
Isca Hockey Club is a field hockey club that plays in Exeter . The club plays fixtures at several locations , primarily on the water-based pitch at the University of Exeter and Exeter School .
The club has six men 's and five women 's teams , junior teams at all age groups , and also mixed and veteran 's teams . The men 's 1st XI play in the England Hockey Men 's League Conference West and the women 's 1st XI play in the England Hockey Investec Women 's Hockey League Division One South
The name of the club , Isca , originates from Isca Dumnoniorum , the Roman name for the Exeter area . The club has secured several major national honours since it was created in 1913 , and recently celebrated its 100-year anniversary in 2013 .
Major national honours
1978–79 - Men 's National League Champions
1985-86 - Men 's National League Runners-Up
External links
Official website - www.iscahockey.co.uk
References
English field hockey clubs
St. Jones Neck is a geographic region of eastern central Kent County , Delaware , United States , with a rich prehistory and colonial history . Originally known just as Jones Neck , it is bounded on the west by the St. Jones River , on the north by Little Creek ( roughly , the southeast boundary of Dover Air Force Base ) , and on the east by Delaware Bay . The area consists of low rolling hills that do not rise very much above sea level , interspersed with bodies of fresh and salt water . Streams are headed by marshes , and there are tidal marshlands along the bay . The neck has pockets of woodland which are concentrated near the freshwater marshes and tributaries . Land use in the neck is at present predominantly agricultural .
Prehistory
The St. Jones Neck area has seen human activity for about 8,000 years . The clearest evidence of early human use occurs in the Late Archaic Period ( between 4000 and 2000 BCE ) , a period in which a surface-level archaeological survey identified sixteen sites associated with this time period . Five of these ( K-873 , K-891 , K-913 , K-914 , and K-920 ) have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places , as have another five ( K-875 , K-876 , K-880 , K-915 , and K-916 ) associated with later periods . Analysis suggests that these sites were only short-term encampments , but excavations may yield more information .
Activity in the area apparently subsided until the Middle Woodland Period ( 700 BCE – 1000 AD ) , a time in which the native population began producing ceramics . Three sites ( K-913 , K-915 , and K-891 ) included finds of the earliest types of ceramics from this period . At one site ( K-875 ) , trade goods from as far off as present-day Ohio were found . Usage of the land continued to be seasonal and transitional in nature until the Late Woodland Period ( after 1000 AD ) in which evidence of longer-term stable seasonal bases of operations appeared . K-891 , in particular , appears to have been a major seasonal base , affiliated with a more permanent village elsewhere . K-914 is the only prehistoric native site with evidence of European contact ; it lies adjacent to one of the earliest European contact points in the region .
History
The Kent County area did not come under significant colonial control until Delaware came under the control of James , the Duke of York . Under their administration , which began in the 1670s , land grants were made on St. Jones Neck . One of the notable land grants was to Daniel Jones , whose daughter married William Rodney , the grandfather of Delaware statesman Caesar Rodney . Only archaeological remnants are left of the Jones-Rodney Byfield estate . Although these tracts of land would have been cleared and farmed by the grantees and their descendants , over time they became tenant farms , as the comparatively wealthy landowners moved to live in more urban settings .
During the late 18th century , the lands of the neck along the St. Jones River were almost entirely bought up by Delaware and Pennsylvania statesman John Dickinson . Dickinson spent time at their father 's house , built c. 1740 , on the neck , and organized their extensive holdings ( several thousand acres at its greatest extent ) into a collection of tenant farms . Much of this land remained in the hands of Dickinson descendants well into the 20th century . In other portions of the neck the larger tracts were gradually broken down in the 19th century , but larger-scale agriculture in the 20th century again coalesced some of these parcels together .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kent County , Delaware
References
External links
Tour of the Neck
Geography of Kent County , Delaware
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Delaware
National Register of Historic Places in Kent County , Delaware
Zimri Dinsmore Thomas ( September 16 , 18091892 ) was a Michigan politician .
Early life
Thomas was born in Rowe , Massachusetts on September 16 , 1809 . In 1820 , Thomas moved to central New York .
Career
Thomas served as postmaster at Hamburg , New York for six years . In 1835 , Thomas moved to Michigan . From 1857 to 1858 , Thomas served as supervisor of Allen Township , Michigan . On November 8 , 1864 , Thomas was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives where they represented the Hillsdale County 1st district from January 4 , 1865 to December 31 , 1866 . In 1866 , Thomas served as justice of the peace for Hillsdale Township , Michigan alongside George W. Burchard . They were filling the vacancy left by justice Henry T. Kellogg . In 1873 , Thomas served as a justice of the peace in the city of Hillsdale with C. B. Dresser . In 1877 , Thomas again served as a justice of the peace for the city of Hillsdale . Thomas served as a Hillsdale County coroner from 1873 to at least 1881 .
Death
Thomas died in 1892 . They were interred at Oak Grove Cemetery in Hillsdale city .
References
1809 births
1892 deaths
American coroners
American justices of the peace
Burials in Michigan
County officials in Michigan
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Michigan Republicans
New York ( state ) postmasters
People from Hillsdale County , Michigan
People from New York ( state )
People from Rowe , Massachusetts
19th-century American judges
19th-century American politicians
Yagya Dutt Sharma , often known as YD , was an Indian trade unionist and politician belonging to the Communist Party of India .
Sharma was born March 1 , 1918 , in Jakhauli village , Rohtak District . They shifted to Delhi in 1930 , and seven year later they graduated from Shri Ram College of Commerce . During their student year they were active in the India Students Federation . They went on to finish their postgraduate studies in Economics at St. Stephen 's College . They worked as a lecturer at Ramjas College . In 1939 they became a CPI member . They were one of the founders of the Delhi unit of the party in 1944 , and went on to become a Central Committee member of CPI in 1951 . They spent the period of 1948-1950 underground . Sharma attended the 1952 Peking Asia and Pacific Rim Peace Conference as an observer .
In 1973 they became the secretary of the India Trade Union Congress , later becoming its vice president .
Sharma died on January 11 , 2004 .
References
1918 births
2004 deaths
Indian trade unionists
Communist Party of India politicians from Haryana
Bogdan Feliks Raczkowski ( 12 March 1888 – 4 October 1939 ) was an influential engineer , builder and urbanist in Bydgoszcz from the 1920s till the outbreak of World War II .
Personal life
Early life
Bogdan was born in Poznań on March 12 , 1888 from Feliks and Walentyna née Dabrowska . They graduated from the Saint Mary Magdalene High School in Poznań ( ) , like their older brother Tadeusz Jan who later became an agronomist and head of the School of the Chamber of Agriculture in Bydgoszcz .
They then carried on their studies at the faculty of architecture of Lviv university . There , they rubbed shoulders with students , some of whom outstanding engineers or architects :
Jan Sas Zubrzycki ( 1860-1935 )
Witold Minkiewicz ( 1880-1961 ) ;
Jan Bagieński ( 1883-1967 ) ;
Tadeusz Obmiński ( 1874-1932 ) .
Shortly before the outbreak of First World War , Bogdan Raczkowski , as a young graduated engineer , moved to Kharkiv to handle the construction of their first project . There , they met and married on August 24 , 1917 , Maria Zawadzkie , born on February 23 , 1895 , the daughter of a railway official .
As a result of the Russian October Revolution the same year , the couple fled Russia by boat across the Black Sea and got back home to Poznań after a journey through Romania , Hungary and Czechoslovakia . In Poznań , their daughter Danuta Walentyna was born on May 23 , 1920 .
Life in Bydgoszcz
The family settled in Bydgoszcz in spring 1921 at 3 , Stanisław Moniuszko street . On December 29 , 1921 , they became a city councilor and chaired the Office of Ground Construction . After a dispute at the municipal council , Bogdan Raczkowski was dismissed these positions in April 1934 : they then became an appraiser at the Bydgoszcz branch of Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego . On their side , Maria was active in Bydgoszcz branch of the Polish White Cross , the social movement created in February 1918 by Helena Paderewska , second wife of Ignacy Jan Paderewski .
Fleeing the Nazi invasion , the Raczkowski 's left Bydgoszcz and moved to Marie 's family estate in Kutno in September for one month .
When they came back , their house at 1 , Asnyka street was occupied by a German officer : hence they moved to live at a cousin 's flat , Stefan Jeżowski , on Weyssenhoff Square .
Nazi authorities arranged for them to pick up few of their belonging from their former house on October 2 , in the afternoon : when Bogdan and their daughter went to collect their belongings , they found the villa surrounded by the Gestapo . Both of them , together with Maria were arrested and shot on October 4 , 1939 , in the forest , north of Bydgoszcz ( ) . Only their son Zdzisław escaped the round up , as they stayed with friends at that time . They quickly left Bydgoszcz and hid for the entire period of the war under the name of Zbigniew Koźmian .
To make matter worse , Tadeusz , Bogdan 's brother , was executed at the Valley of Death in late October 1939 .
Bogdan Raczkowski also painted pictures : landscapes of places they visited ( Zakopane , Ciechocinek , Hel , Orłowo , Kharkiv , Rostov , Sevastopol , Capri , Rome ) . From 1931 onward , they had been a board member of the Society of Friends of Fine Arts in Bydgoszcz .
Professional career
In 1921 , Bogdan supported an urban development plan in the area delimited by streets Mościcki ( now Sportowa ) , Chopina and Moniuszki .
Their family lived in one of the houses of the project , located at 3 Moniuszki street .
More broadly , Bogdan Raczkowski carried on the urbanization of Sielanka ( ) district , initiated before the first World War .
In the 1920s , 50 plots for building were defined with stringent building guidances regarding the height and width of the houses , number of their rooms , even the type of fence . The 50 houses were built by the end of the 1930s .
At the same time , Raczkowski prepared an expansion project to give an area further north ( Skrzetusko ) an homogeneous character ( sector defined by streets Płocka , Chodkiewicza , Sułkowskiego and Kozietulskiego ) . First realizations include today 's houses at 5/7/11 Płocka street .
1926-1936 Bydgoszcz development program
Bogdan Raczkowski devised a grand urbanization project for the city , intending to support private construction initiatives and identifying specific areas to be developed . In addition to Sielanka and Skrzetusko districts , they focused their attention to streets Czarna Droga , Dwernickiego , Libelta , Niemcewicza and Piotrowskiego .
Their idea was to assign districts purposes :
residential for Bielawy , Skrzetusko , Szwederowo , Bielice , Wilczak and Okole ;
worker 's dwellings for Miedzyń and Jachcice ;
factories at Kapuściska , Zimne Wody , Łęgnowo , Siernieczek .
The last chapter of this extensive project was aiming at planning the urbanization of Leśny district , so as to become a showcase of Bydgoszcz for people entering the city from the north . With that ambition , in October 1933 , the architect divided the area into 9 plots . This project was completed only on the eastern side of Gdańska Street , as the Ministry of Military Affairs did not allow the development on the western part .
Works in Bydgoszcz
Bogdan Raczkowski 's education at the faculty of Lviv gave them the taste for new trends in architecture . At a time when neoclassicism was declining , technical and industrial progress opened up building potentials , with state-of-the-art materials ( steel and glass ) and innovative methods . In addition to the following realizations , Raczkowski also conceived habitations at Babia Wieś ( 1926-1927 ) , at 22-38 Żwirki i Wigury street ( 1930 ) and prepared in the early 1920s a project -never carried out- for the basilica of St. Vincent de Paul in Bydgoszcz .
Building at 13 Piotrowskiego , 1923-1925
This tenement displays classical shapes on a 4-storey façade , topped by rosettes .
Saint Stanislaus Church in Bydgoszcz , 1923-1925
Saint Stanislaus Church in Bydgoszcz was registered on Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship Heritage List ( No.601224 , A/858/1-2 ) June 28 , 1995
Located at 1 , Kaplicznej street , the church is dedicated to Stanislaus of Szczepanów .
The City Council donated the plot where a former police station stood : works of demolition of the latter started in June 1923 .
The funds for the construction were gathered by Bydgoszcz citizens . The church steeple was completed on May 18 , 1924 , and the formal consecration took place on May 21 , 1925 . The design refers to Polish wooden churches . The stained glasses in the chancel dating back to the inception of the church ( 1924 ) have been funded by Bydgoszcz mayor Bernard Śliwiński and city councillor Arthur Franke .
Building at 45 Grudziądzka street , 1927
The edifice has been designed to accommodate old people , augmenting the capacity of an existing facility at 1 Szubińska street .
The previous and outdated house was put into service on December 9 , 1885 , as an element of one of the first hospital ensemble in Bydgoszcz funded by a donation of Ludwika Giese-Rafalska , the owner of an estate in the south-east of the city .
Raczkowski 's edifice could host 80 residents in a variety of rooms and included a chapel , a large dining-room , a terraced garden and attic rooms for servants or workshops . The building was inaugurated on July 29 , 1928 , by the President of the Republic of Poland , Ignacy Mościcki .
Nowadays , the building houses the fifth Department of the District Court of Bydgoszcz , in charge of Family and juveniles affairs . It has been renovated in late 2017 .
Polonia Bydgoszcz Stadium , 1924-1929
Raczkowski designed the Polonia Bydgoszcz Stadium , unveiled on August 3 , 1924 . Conceived as an athletics facility , the architect also supervised the following additions : a football pitch ( 1926 ) , a cycling track ( 1927 ) , reinforced concrete 200-seat grandstand ( April 1928 ) and athletics equipment with 6 training pitches ( 1929 ) . Today , it is used mostly for speedway fixtures . It is home stadium of Polonia Bydgoszcz sport club .
Tenements at 5 to 23 Babia Wieś street , 1925-1927
1925-1927
, by Bogdan Raczkowski
Modernism
This housing estate was built in the second half of the 1920s , after a decision of the municipal authorities . At the time , the numering of the ensemble was `` 3a '' to `` 3d '' .
Each building has a rectangular strip of land for the cultivation of vegetables and flowers . On both sides of the arched entrances , one can notice loggias .
A renovation has been launched by the city in 2020 and will last several years .
Tenement at 2 Weyssenhoffa square , 1927
The 2 Weyssenhoffa square was realized as an element of the Sielanka housing estate project . Located on the south-west side of the square , its shape sticks to the gentle arc of the bordering avenue ( Ossoliński Alley in Bydgoszcz ) . It boasts a mix of functionalist style ( left side ) and eclectic forms ( right side ) with a loggia and Mansard roof , so as to mirror the adjacent front facade of the eclectic building with Art Nouveau decoration ( erected in 1906-1908 ) .
Tenement at 5 Libelta street , 1928-1929
This four-storey residential building at 5 Libelta street displays early modernist style , as one can find also at Jagiellońska street No.51/57 and 107 .
In one of the flats lived Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki ( 1876–1967 ) , a Polish literary and theater critic , playwright , translator , writer and director , who in this flat at No.5 . They bequeathed to the city of Bydgoszcz all their manuscripts , their private library ( more than 300 works ) which were moved to the Municipal Library . The institution still tends their last place as a small museum in their memory .
On the frontage has been unveiled in 1988 a commemorative plaque .
Villas at 1 and 1A Asnyka street , 1932
This villa , where Bogdan Raczkowski and their family lived , is designed in the Functionalist style . The house was occupied by Nazi officials after the invasion of Poland in 1939 .
The neighbouring villa at 1A Asnyka -on a Bogdan 's design- was built shortly before the outbreak of World War II .
Building at 12 Poniatowskiego street , 1933
The edifice has always been used for educational purposes . It was designed by Raczkowski with engineer Kazimierz Michał Orlicz and built in 1 year , a record at a time of economic crisis , to host Ewaryst Estkowski Public School .
The first building stage included among others :
a basement with three rooms for manual work ;
a ground floor with manager 's and teacher 's room , plus 3 classrooms ;
a first floor with a doctor 's office and 4 classrooms ;
a second floor with a lounge and 4 classrooms ;
a third floor comprising a drawing room and a space for scientific collections .
The outbreak of World War II prevented the implementation of the 2nd stage of building expansion , which caused to realize two separate facilities one for girls and one for boys .
After a thorough refurbishing in 2014 , the building houses today the Institute of Political Sciences of Bydgoszcz University .
Antoni Jurasz university hospital , 9 Marii Curie-Skłodowskiej street , 1938
The work began in July 1928 , after a blessing of the foundation stone . Raczkowski , together with their colleague Kazimierz Skiciński , contracted engineer Antoni Jaworski to carry out the building . The construction was stopped during winter 1928–1929 , then it slowed down and came almost to a stop in 1930 , due to city financial problems . Finally , on December 13 , 1937 , only the west wing and the central part were officially opened .
It was the largest hospital built in the interwar period in Poland , with 600 beds , gathering almost all departments under the same roof at a time when pavilions structure organization was more popular in hospital construction .
After Nazi invasion , the facility served as a military field hospital until August 1940 . After this date , it became a civilian structure , Dr. Staemmler Krankenhaus hospital , staffed by German practitioners from Gdańsk . The entire hospital project was completed during German occupation .
See also
Bydgoszcz
Bydgoszcz Architects ( 1850-1970s )
List of Polish people
Polonia Bydgoszcz Stadium
Jurasza University hospital
References
External links
Parish of Saint Stanislaus Church in Bydgoszcz
Polonia Stadium
Official website ( English version )
Jurasza University Hospital ( English version )
Bibliography
19th-century Polish architects
20th-century Polish architects
Architects from Bydgoszcz
1888 births
1939 deaths
Polish civilians killed in World War II
Frank Fontsere ( born September 2 , 1967 ) is an American drummer from Marietta , Georgia . They are known mostly for their work in rap metal group Stuck Mojo ( 1996–2000 ) and heavy metal group Fozzy ( 1999–2005 , 2009–2022 ) . They have also been a member of Agent Cooper ( 2004 , 2005 ) , The Duke ( 2005 ) , Soundevice ( 2006 ) , Love Said No ( 2007 ) and Primer 55 ( 2007 ) . They are famous for using drum triggers on their albums and for every live performance .
Discography
with Stuck Mojo
Violated EP ( European release ) ( 1996 )
Pigwalk ( 1996 )
Rising ( 1998 )
HVY1 ( 1999 )
Declaration of a Headhunter ( 2000 )
Violate This ( 2001 )
with Fozzy
Fozzy ( 2000 )
Happenstance ( 2002 )
WWE Originals ( 2004 )
All That Remains ( 2005 )
Chasing the Grail ( 2010 )
Sin and Bones ( 2012 )
Do You Wan na Start a War ( 2014 )
Judas ( 2017 )
with Agent Cooper
Beginner 's Mind ( 2004 )
with The Duke
The Duke – My Kung-Fu is Good ( 2005 )
with Love Said No
Love Said No EP ( 2007 )
References
External links
Official Fozzy website
Official Walking With Kings website
Fozzy members
Musicians from Marietta , Georgia
1967 births
Living people
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
0x10c ( pronounced `` ten to the c '' ) is an unfinished sandbox science fiction video game previously under development by Mojang AB . It was announced on April 3 , 2012 , by Markus Persson , the game 's lead designer . The game was eventually indefinitely postponed because Persson found several creative blocks , citing the main problem as `` it not being very fun to play '' . Persson then stated they will instead most likely continue to work on smaller projects for the rest of their life . The game was later completely cancelled .
The announced features included a fully working virtual computer , random encounters , an advanced economy system , and also single and multiplayer modes in a consistent universe , or `` Multiverse '' . The game takes place in the year AD 281,474,976,712,644 after people start waking up from `` deep sleep '' caused by a bug in deep sleep cells that were released in 1988. is a prefix in many high-level languages used to indicate a hexadecimal literal . 10C in hexadecimal is equivalent to 1612 in decimal , which equals 281,474,976,710,656 , the number of years passed in the story since 1988 .
Gameplay
The list of features included engineering , space battles , seamless space-to-planet transitions , mining and trading , laser guns , and an open universe with both single-player and multiplayer variants .
0x10c featured a working emulated 16-bit processor inside the game called the DCPU-16 that could be accessed through any of the monitors located in the game . The DCPU-16 could also load external programs and data using the required standards which would have allowed the community to make their own DCPU-16 emulators .
Development
In December 2011 , Markus Persson announced that they were going to be stepping down as the lead developer of Minecraft , and that they would be working on another project . Mojang CEO Carl Manneh said in an interview with Edge Online that Mojang was committed to supporting a new project that Persson was developing along with another game created by other developers in their company . After winning a special award from BAFTA in March 2012 , Persson revealed that there were three different projects they were developing , but they had yet to come to a decision in terms of which one they were committed to working on . A few days later in an interview with PC Gamer magazine , Persson announced that they were working on a space-themed game that was inspired by the television show Firefly and the video game Elite .
The first details of this game were released in an April Fool 's parody website called `` Mars Effect '' , a play on Mass Effect and alluding to the lawsuit by Bethesda Softworks over trademark infringement . A few days later Persson announced that they had chosen a real name for the game and that they had made some progress on its development . Although it is not immediately obvious how to pronounce the game 's name and a large variety of suggestions were proposed , Persson has said that they pronounce it as `` ten to the see , '' but that `` people can pronounce it however they want '' .
On October 13 , 2012 , the first video gameplay of 0x10c was released by Persson on the game 's website . On October 26 , 2012 , the first multiplayer test was uploaded to the website from Twitch.TV . In an April 2013 interview with Polygon , Persson stated that 0x10c development was hit by creative road block and would be put on hold . Persson also said that the game is `` ways off '' and that they would be expanding the team , bringing on one other developer to `` make sure the game gets made '' . On August 13 , 2013 , Persson confirmed in a live stream that 0x10c was indefinitely shelved , adding that the game could potentially be made in the future , if another Mojang employee were interested in continuing its development .
Art
`` The style is pixel art meets modern 3D . It 's influenced by bright , vivid sci-fi , and real-world functional spaceship design to go with 0x10c '' 's realistic tone , '' said Jonatan Pöljö , artist of the game 's team .
Soundtrack
On September 15 , 2014 , Daniel Rosenfeld ( C418 ) , who also composed the music for Mojang 's previous game , Minecraft , released the soundtrack for 0x10c on their Bandcamp page , which consists of two tracks , `` 0x10c '' and `` 0 '' .
Pricing 0x10c was expected to be the first Mojang game with a monthly fee for online play in multiplayer mode ( but no recurring fee for single player mode ) . Persson said that this was because of the cost to `` emulate all computers and physics even when players are n't logged in '' . It is unknown if there was to be a private multiplayer mode . It was revealed that the pricing would be similar to Minecraft '' , with alpha costing less than beta , and beta costing less than the full release .
References
External links
Official website ( mirror )
0x10c forum
Cancelled Linux games
Cancelled macOS games
Cancelled Windows games
Mojang Studios
Indie video games
Fiction set in the 7th millennium or beyond
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Multiplayer online games
Programming games
Science fiction video games
Video games designed by Markus Persson
Video games developed in Sweden
Carlo Holse ( born 2 June 1999 ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a right winger for Rosenborg .
Club career
FC Copenhagen
Holse made their Danish Superliga debut for FC Copenhagen on 23 September 2017 in a game against Silkeborg .
On 30 January 2019 , it was confirmed that Holse would be loaned out to Esbjerg fB in the Danish Superliga for the rest of the season . According to sources , Esbjerg had already tried to sign Holse in the summer 2018 .
Rosenborg
31 January 2020 , Holse signed a four-year deal with Rosenborg
International career
In November 2020 , they were called up to Kasper Hjulmand 's senior squad for the friendly against Sweden due to several cancellations from , among others , the Danish national team players playing in England , due to the COVID-19 restrictions , as well as a case of COVID-19 in the squad , which had put several national team players in quarantine . They were on the bench for the game against Sweden .
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Danish footballers
Association football midfielders
Denmark youth international footballers
F.C . Copenhagen players
Esbjerg fB players
Rosenborg BK players
Danish Superliga players
Danish 1st Division players
Eliteserien players
Danish expatriate footballers
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Norway
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 3000 metres M70 division of Masters athletics . Records must be set in properly conducted , official competitions under the standing IAAF rules unless modified by World Masters Athletics .
The M70 division consists of male athletes who have reached the age of 70 but have not yet reached the age of 75 , so exactly from their 70th birthday to the day before their 75th birthday .
Key
References
Masters Athletics 3000 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
The Battle of Xinkou ( ) was a decisive engagement of the Taiyuan Campaign , the second of the 22 major engagements between the National Revolutionary Army and Imperial Japanese Army during the Second Sino-Japanese War .
Prelude
After battles at Nankou , the Chahar Expeditionary Force of the Japanese Kwangtung Army occupied Datong in Shanxi province , and began their assault on the Yenbei area . The Japanese Fifth Division started their attack from Hebei marching westwards and taking the towns of Guanglin , Linchou , Hungyuan in northwest Shanxi .
By late September , the Japanese commander Itagaki Seishiro ordered the fifth division and the Chahar Expeditionary Force to begin attacking the Chinese defense line along the inner Great Wall in Shanxi . The Commander of the 2nd War Zone , Yan Xishan , ordered Chinese troops to retreat and set up a defense line in Niangziguan and Pingxingguan .
Even after the Eighth Route Army led by Lin Biao successfully ambushed the Japanese at the Battle of Pingxingguan , the Chinese defenders suffered heavy casualties under Japanese artillery and tank assaults and were forced to retreat to Wutaishan to set up another defense line at Xinkou .
Battle of Xinkou
Yan Xishan gathered all available Chinese troops under their command to make a stand at Xinkou because the location was flanked by Wutaishan and Yunzhonshan , which was favorable for the defenders and was a gateway to Taiyuan , the capital of Shanxi . On October 1 , the Japanese central command ordered Itagaki Seishiro to lead the Fifth Division and Chahar Expeditionary Force for the final assault on Taiyuan .
On the same day , the military commission of the Chinese Nationalist government ordered the 14th Group Army ( commanded by Wei Lihuang ) to fight the Japanese at Xinkou . The 14th Group Army , along with Yan Xishan 's eight armies , organized a frontal defense of Xinkou , while the 18th Group Army ( without the 120th division ) and 101st division , 73rd division and the newly formed 2nd Division organized the defense on the right flank along the Sutou River 's south bank , commanded by Zhu De , while one division was sent to the enemy 's rear to harass their left flank .
The 6th Group Army organized into two divisions and one brigade , comprised the Chinese defense on the left flank along with the 120th division ( commanded by Yang Aiyuan ) , which concentrated their forces at Heiyu and Yangfangkou , while one division was sent to the enemy 's rear to harass their right flank . The 34th and 35th Armies were in reserve , commanded by Fu Zuoyi , to control the Dingxiang and Xinxian area .
On October 2 , the 2nd brigade from the Chahar Expeditionary Force started their attack on Gouxian ( now Gouyangxian ) , and the 19th Army 's Chinese defenders held off the attack until October 9 , by then the Gouxian had fallen into Japanese hands . The 15th brigade from the Chahar Expeditionary Force marched around Gouxian and attacked Yuanping , and engaged the 34th Army 's 196 brigade , led by Jiang Yuzhen . After intense close-quarter combat , the defending Chinese soldiers were wiped out and the Japanese took Yuanping on October 12 . By this time , the invading forces were ready to make their move on Xinkou .
Due to the unfavorable developments on the battlefields , Chinese commander Wei Lihuang had to re-organize the defense line on October 2 . They positioned the 9th , 61st , and 35th Armies to form the central defense line , holding their position along the Xinkou mountains passes ; while the 14th Army , 71st and 66th Divisions commanded by Li Mo'an formed the left flank , controlling the Yunzhongshan area . Finally , the 33rd , 17th and 15th Armies formed the right flank , controlling Wutaishan .
On October 13 , Itagaki Seishiro led 50,000 Japanese troops on a major assault against Xinkou . The 5th Division was on the left wing , and concentrated their attack on Nanhuaihua ; while the 15th Brigade was on the right wing , focusing their efforts on Dabaishui , with the 2nd Brigade was in the rear defending the inner Great Wall . The 5th Divisions used 30+ airplanes , 40+ heavy artilleries , 50+ tanks to flank the infantry 's assault ; while the Chinese central defense forces used the favorable terrain to put up stiff resistances despite a lack of firepower .
The Xinkou battles rages on for days , with the Nanhuahua position changing hands many times . On October 16 the Chinese central defense force begin a major counter-attack to take the high grounds at Nanhuahua , during this battle the commander of the 9th Army Hao Mengling became the first Chinese army general to be killed in action during the Second Sino-Japanese War . Despite their death , the 61st Army commander Chen Zhangjie and subsequently the 19th Army commander Wang Jingguo continued to lead the defense of Xinkou and successfully held their defensive positions .
During this time , the Communists ' Eighth Route Army executed several guerrilla attacks in the Japanese troops rear at Lingqiu , Guangling , Weixian , Pingxingguan , Ningwu and Yanmenguan . On the evening of October 19 , the 769th Regiment of the 120th Division attacked Yangmingbao airbase , and successfully destroyed 24 Japanese airplanes on the ground .
By this time the Japanese had suffered close to 20,000 casualties without making much progress on their assault of Xinkou . Therefore , the Japanese Northern China Area Army had to add three additional regiments on October 22 , 27 and 29 , to assist in the attack of Nanhauhua . However , the Japanese troops still could not take this important position and had to re-direct their attack to Dabaishui , and the Chinese defenders were able to fight the Japanese to a stalemate .
Defense of Niangziguan
The military commission of the Chinese Nationalist government ordered troops of the 1st War Zone to relocate and set up defense at Niangziguan , with the 17th and 30th Divisions defending the center , 3rd Army positioned at the right wing and 14th Group Army on the left wing . The Chinese commander for the operation was assigned to Huang Shaohong , the deputy commander of the 2nd War Zone .
On October 11 , the 20th division of the Japanese army captured Jingxing . The Japanese used only some troops to attack Niangziguan , and their main force marched around and captured Jiuguan . With the defenders at Niangziguan now effectively surrounded , Yan Xishan hasty ordered the 26th Army , led by Sun Lianzhong and stationed in northern Shanxi , to move to Niangziguan and to organize and conduct counter-attacks , but it did not retake Jingxing as planned . On October 21 , the 20th division was reinforced by the 109th division and continued their attack on Niangziguan from the south , aided by Japanese bombers and fighters .
On October 26 , four Japanese commando battalions were able to break through the Chinese 3rd Army defenses at Ceyuzhen and breach the Niangziguan defense line . The Chinese forces were forced to retreat to Taiyuan and were chased by the Japanese attackers along the Shijiazhuang – Taiyuan railways . On November 11 , the Japanese troops captured Shouyang after repelling an ambush by the 41st Army . By then , all Chinese troops at Xinkou were ordered to retreat to Taiyuan to avoid being encircled by the enemy , and the Japanese army had finally won the Battle of Xinkou .
Conclusion
The battle of Xinkou marked the first large-scale cooperation between the provincial army ( Yan Xishan 's Shanxi troops ) , Chinese Communists ( Eighth Route Army ) , and Chiang Kai-shek 's Central Army ( 14th Group Army ) during the Second Sino-Japanese War . Although the Chinese defenders fought bravely on a united front against the enemy during this campaign , they had a large shortage of firepower , especially with the ill-equipped 8th route army . A personal account of General Li Mo'an stated that the only weapon the Chinese infantry had against Japanese tanks was Molotov cocktails , and many defenders on the left flank were simply run over by tanks .
After this battle and the subsequent battle around the city of Taiyuan , the Chinese effectively lost control of northern China and resistance was reduced to minor guerrilla attacks behind enemy lines . However , because the communists and nationalists co-operated well and the Japanese also took serious losses , many Chinese were inspired to join the fight against the Japanese invaders , especially when Jiang Yuzhen and other officers were martyred .
In conclusion , the Chinese forces ultimately lost the battle , paying the price of 100,000 troops dead , injured or missing , and were forced to retreat . However , they were able to kill some 20,000 Japanese troops , wound thousands more , and destroy dozens of tanks and more than 24 aircraft , setting a record high for the scale of damage inflicted to the Japanese in a single battle in Northern China .
References
Sources
Hsu Long-hsuen and Chang Ming-kai , History of The Sino-Japanese War ( 1937–1945 ) 2nd Ed. , 1971 . Translated by Wen Ha-hsiung , Chung Wu Publishing ; 33 , 140th Lane , Tung-hwa Street , Taipei , Taiwan Republic of China . Pg . 195-200 , Map 6
中国抗日战争正面战场作战记 China 's Anti-Japanese War Combat Operations Author : Guo Rugui , editor-in-chief Huang Yuzhang Press : Jiangsu People 's Publishing House Date published : 2005-7-1
Conflicts in 1937
1937 in China
1937 in Japan
Xinkou 1937
Military history of Shanxi
September 1937 events
October 1937 events
November 1937 events
Bubenreuth is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt , in Bavaria , Germany .
Location
Bubenreuth is located near the river Regnitz and ca . 4 kilometers north of Erlangen with which it 's structurally connected . Neighboring towns are ( from North clockwise ) Baiersdorf , Langensendelbach , Marloffstein , Erlangen and Möhrendorf .
History
Nothing is known about the founding of Bubenreuth . The suffix -reuth indicates that it was created by a forest clearance . The town is first mentioned as `` Bubenrode '' in a document dating 24 November 1243 .
Bubenreuth gained some prominence after World War II when the town , then having 400 inhabitants , voted to admit 2,000 expelled German refugees from Schönbach im Egerland ( now Luby , Czech Republic ) . Schönbach was then known for its numerous violin makers and instrument builders that now fled to Bubenreuth and opened new workshops there . Among those was of Karl Höfner who opened a new factory in Bubenreuth and died in Bubenreuth in 1955 . Höfner manufactured a number of popular guitars and basses in Bubenreuth , such as the Höfner 500/1 , a bass guitar used by Paul McCartney since 1961 .
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
Robert J. Moser is a business executive from Saratoga Springs , New York . As of 2010 , they were the owner and CEO of Prime Group Holdings , Moser 's prior company , Ideal Resorts , was the largest operator of recreational vehicle parks and resorts in the United States . As of 2013 , Moser owned and managed over $ 9.5 billion in real estate assets through their various companies ' ownership of apartments , mobile home parks , retail space , office space , self-storage facilities , industrial parks , hotels , and resorts .
Early life and education
Moser grew up in Queensbury , New York . In 1999 , they earned a Bachelor of Arts with honors in Economics from Union College in Schenectady , New York ; their studies focused on Finance . Moser 's honors thesis at Union focused on the valuation of mobile home parks utilizing hedonic and non-hedonic regression analysis , a career field that they took up after graduation .
Career
Moser began purchasing RV parks in 2001 , growing their portfolio to 65 parks by 2012 . They grew the company with purchases during the beginning of the century , securing approximately 34,000 apartments primarily east of the Mississippi . In 2008 , they oversaw the purchase of Indiana Beach , a resort located in Monticello , Indiana , by Ideal Recreation Vacations . The purchase included an amusement park , a water park , restaurants , hotels , and all other operations of the resort . Indiana Beach was sold by Ideal Recreation Vacations to Apex Parks Group in September 2015 .
Moser grew Prime Storage Group ( Prime Group Holdings ) to become the largest private owner of self storage facilities in the world . In 2015 , Robert launched Prime Storage Fund I , and in 2017 , they created Prime Storage Fund II . Prime Storage Fund II is one of the largest funds raised exclusively for the acquisition of self storage facilities in the United States .
Prime Storage Fund III ( PSFIII ) was launched in July 2021 , which is the largest Prime Fund to date , roughly $ 2 billion has been raised for this newest vehicle . PSFIII while acquire an estimate $ 6 billion in real estate over the next 4 years .
Philanthropy
The Moser family supports various charities , including the Moser Family Cleft-Craniofacial Surgical Center at Albany Medical Center . In 2017 and 2018 , the Mosers donated over $ 5 million to Albany Medical Center ; $ 2.5 million of this sum was used to construct the Children 's Emergency Center . Part of the building is named for the Mosers .
Personal life
Moser and their wife , Lisa , have two children .
References
Living people
Union College ( New York ) alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People from Saratoga Springs , New York
People from Queensbury , New York
Zaruiyeh ( ) may refer to :
Zaruiyeh-ye Olya
Zaruiyeh-ye Sofla
Osorio is a given name and surname .
Osorio or Osório may also refer to :
People
Manuel Luís Osório , Marquis of Erval ( May 10 , 1808 – October 4 , 1879 ) , Brazilian military officer , monarchist and politician
António de Sousa Horta Sarmento Osório ( 1882–1960 ) , lawyer , economist and politician
António Lino de Sousa Horta Osório ( b . 1933 ) , lawyer and sportsman , son of the above
António Mota de Sousa Horta Osório ( b . 1964 ) , business person , son of the above
Places
Osório , Rio Grande do Sul , a city in Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil
Pedro Osório , a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil
Acatlán de Osorio , a town in Puebla , Mexico
Other uses
Osorio , a play by Samuel Taylor Coleridge
EE-T1 Osório , Brazilian battle tank
See also
Osor ( disambiguation )
The Nottingham Blitz was an attack by the Nazi German Luftwaffe on Nottingham during the night of 8–9 May 1941 .
Defence preparations
Nottingham was the first city in Britain to develop an ARP ( Air Raid Precautions ) network . It was developed because of the foresight of Nottingham City Police Chief Constable Captain Athelstan Popkess . The city was divided into zones , controlled by report and control centres with 45 auxiliary fire service stations .
By the time of the raid , Nottingham had built a significant number of public shelters . The John Player & Sons tobacco company had built a network of tunnels at its factory and under local streets sufficient to house around 5,000 of its workers .
The raid on the night of 8–9 May by the Luftwaffe was targeted at Nottingham and Derby . The X-Gerät beams set up to cover the Rolls-Royce works were detected , and radio counter-measures diverted the attack to the moors north east of the town .
A Starfish decoy fire system located near Cropwell Butler in the Vale of Belvoir confused the aircraft , and many of the bombs intended for Nottingham were dropped on open farmland in the vale .
The raid
There were over 100 bombers in the Nottingham raid . Emergency services tackled 97 fires on the night of the Nottingham Blitz on 8 and 9 May 1941 . Records list 12 fires as serious , 40 as major and 42 as medium . In some cases , fires started by incendiary bombs were put out before they took hold .
Firefighters successfully tackled a fire in the south transept at St Mary 's Church after an incendiary bomb burned through the roof . A turntable ladder was positioned on High Pavement to enable them to direct a hose on to the roof . The vicar of St. Mary 's , Neville Stuart Talbot noted :
We had a visitation - nothing compared with some places , but still a very real taste . Began about twelve . We had gone to bed , and tried to believe that the explosions were our guns , but soon one and then another were unmistakable - one was not far off down Friar 's Lane . Peering out of the top window , I soon realised that big fires had been started , so , there being a lull , I went down . I found a fire going in the South Transept of the Church . It took a long time really to put it out .
There were fierce fires at Trivett 's Building near St. Mary 's Church , in Short Hill and three of the Boots ' factories in Poplar Street , Island Street and Station Street .
Buildings destroyed
St. John the Baptist 's Church , Leenside , Nottingham , remains demolished and site cleared after the war .
St. Christopher 's Church , Sneinton , rebuilt by 1952
Stadium Hotel , Parliament Street
Buildings damaged
St. Mary 's Church , Nottingham
Nottingham Masonic Hall
University College Nottingham
Shakespeare Street Wesleyan Reform Chapel
Moot Hall , Friar Lane
Casualties
Casualties were heavy . There were 159 people recorded as killed with 274 injured . At the Co-op bakery on Meadow Lane , 49 employees and members of the Home Guard were killed , and 20 others injured . At University College , 45 people were killed .
Other raids
The Nottingham Evening Post of 17 May 1945 records that there were 11 raids on Nottingham in total , 178 people were killed and 350 injured . 479 high explosive bombs were dropped .
References
The Blitz
History of Nottingham
20th century in Nottinghamshire
May 1941 events
Deng Zhuodi ( ; born 17 October 1986 ) is a Chinese politician and grandson of former paramount leader of China Deng Xiaoping .
Early life
Deng Zhuodi was born on 1986 in the United States to Deng Zhifang , the son of Deng Xiaoping , and their wife Liu Xiaoyuan . At the time Deng Zhuodi was born , Deng Zhifang and Liu Xiaoyun both were students at the University of Rochester in New York , where they earned Ph.Ds in biophysics and quantum physics respectively .
According to the United States nationality law , a child born in the United States automatically becomes an American citizen . However , Deng Xiaoping stated that their grandson will be a Chinese citizen when they return to China . As a result , Deng Zhuodi 's parents applied them for a Chinese passport at the Chinese Embassy in the United States and bought them back to China just after one month after their birth , where they received their Chinese citizenship . From 18 January to 21 February 1992 , they took part in their grandfather 's tour of South China .
Education
From 2003 to 2007 , they studied at the Peking University Law School . After graduation , they attended Duke University School of Law from 2007 to 2008 . During their time in Duke , they went under the name David Zhuo , adopting their grandmother Zhuo Lin 's surname , in order to avoid attention . After their graduation from Duke with master of law degree , they worked at a law firm in Wall Street , New York City .
Political career
On 2 May 2013 , Deng was appointed deputy head of Pingguo County in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , where they were in charge of development and reform , price , government legal system , agriculture , rural areas , poverty alleviation and major projects .
From 2014 to 2016 , they served as the secretary of the party committee of Xin'an town in Pingguo County . A local person in Pingguo County stated that Deng gave the impression that they were knowledgeable and capable , but they were modest , prudent , diligent and eager to learn . They kept a low profile while in Guangxi and their resume was not shown on the website of the local government .
In 2016 , Deng served as the deputy secretary of the party committee of Pingguo County and secretary of the party committee of Xin'an town .
Post-political life
On 20 July 2016 , Hong Kong media reported that Deng was no longer serving as deputy secretary of the party committee during the re-election process in Pingguo County . In March 2017 , it was reported that they were serving as the director of the ninth council of Beijing Bridge Association , a position they are presently serving .
References
Deng Xiaoping family
1986 births
Living people
Political office-holders in Guangxi
Chinese politicians of Hakka descent
Peking University alumni
Duke University School of Law alumni
Chinese expatriates in the United States
Chinese Communist Party politicians
People who renounced United States citizenship
Naturalized citizens of the People 's Republic of China
Black Friday : The True Story of the Bombay Bomb Blasts is a 2002 Indian non-fiction crime novel written by journalist Hussain Zaidi . It retraces the events that led to the 1993 Bombay bombings and the investigation that followed . It was first published by Penguin Books in 2002 and later in 2008 . The novel was adapted into a feature film of the same name directed by Anurag Kashyap .
Development
Hussain Zaidi was a journalist and was doing a story as a free-lancer for Blitz about the torture on the accused of the 1993 Bombay bombings . The article was published in 1994 and the editor of the magazine paid Zaidi double the amount that was promised after seeing the amount of research put into the story . Zaidi then continued covering the underworld , cops and the politicians .
In 1997 , author Vikram Chandra was writing Sacred Games and wanted help from someone who `` knew the underworld in and out '' and approached Zaidi who gave them a lot of information in a year . Chandra then suggested them to write a book since they had so much information about the subject . They then set up a meeting with the editor of Penguin Books . Zaidi started writing about the serial bomb blasts and started collecting statements , evidence , FIRs and interviews with Dawood Ibrahim and Tiger Memon and finished it in four years .
Adaptation
Black Friday was the film adaptation written and directed by Anurag Kashyap . The film stars Kay Kay Menon , Aditya Srivastava , Pavan Malhotra , Kishor Kadam , Zakir Hussain and was released in India on 9 February 2007 .
References
External links
Black Friday – The True Story of the Bombay Bomb Blasts at Goodreads
2002 Indian novels
Indian English-language novels
Indian non-fiction books
Crime in Maharashtra
Indian novels adapted into films
2002 debut novels
The Asian Premier Futsal Championship is a multinational franchise-based futsal league conceptualised by Indian entrepreneurs under the entity of Premier Futsal Management Pvt . Ltd . It was founded by Abhinandan Balasubramanian , Dinesh Raj and Nithyashree Subban , backed by business magnate Xavier Britto and their wife , philanthropist Vimala Britto .
Format
Each playing team consists of three international futsal players , one international marquee football player and one Indian futsal player . Every squad is allowed a maximum of twelve players .
Premier Futsal conducted a talent hunt programme across eight cities called Launchpad to scout and select Indian players . The programme combed through 2500 participants per city to shortlist five regional players for each team . Mumbai 5 's won the inaugural Premier Futsal by defeating Kochi 5 's in the penalty shootout .
Management team
Xavier Britto - Chairman & investor of Premier Futsal , founder & chairperson of Estell group of hotels & Kerry Indev Logistics & Indev Logistics
Dinesh Raj - Managing director of Premier Futsal , Guinness World Record holder for creating the India 's largest human national flag
Abhinandan Balasubramanian - CEO of Premier Futsal , founder of AltFlo & ChefHost
Nithyashree Subban - Director of Finance & Strategy , Premier Futsal
Vimala Britto - Director of Premier Futsal , Correspondent - Britto Group of Colleges , founder & chairperson - Seek Foundation , a non-profit organization
Brand ambassadors
Indian cricket team batsman Virat Kohli has joined the Premier Futsal as its brand ambassador .
Premier Futsal attracted a lot of fans when they signed the one of the best futsal players in the world , Alessandro Rosa Vieira , popularly known as Falcão .
On 12 May 2016 , Virat Kohli along with Falcão facilitated the launch of the nationwide talent hunt to select 40 players who will represent their respective cities in the first season of Premier Futsal .
Anthem
The Premier Futsal anthem Naam Hai Futsal had its tunes set by two-time Academy Award winner A.R.Rahman with vocals also provided by Karthik , Lady Kash and Virat Kohli .
Previous teams
Results
By season
Telecast
Sony Pictures Networks India Pvt . Ltd. acquired exclusive rights to broadcast Premier Futsal . As part of the agreement , all Premier Futsal matches will be televised live on Sony SIX , Sony ESPN and Sony Aath . Matches will also be available to live stream on Sony LIV .
In Indonesia , all Premier Futsal matches also broadcast live on nonton.com ( 2016 only ) and Super Soccer TV ( from 2017 ) .
See also
Football in India
AFC Futsal Asian Cup
AFC Futsal Club Championship
FIFA Futsal World Cup
AIFF Futsal Club Championship
Minifootball
Five-a-side football
Indoor soccer
References
External links
2016 establishments in India
Football leagues in India
Futsal in India
Professional sports leagues in India
Sport leagues established in 2016
Toy Story Racer is a 2001 kart racing game based on the Toy Story franchise . The game was released in March 2001 for the Game Boy Color and PlayStation systems . The PlayStation version received `` generally favorable reviews '' according to Metacritic . In 2010 , the PlayStation version was re-released on the PlayStation Store as a PS one Classic .
Gameplay
The PlayStation and Game Boy Color ( GBC ) versions of Toy Story Racer are distinct from each other . The PlayStation version of Toy Story Racer features 12 playable characters from the first film :
There are 200 soldiers to collect throughout the PlayStation version , gained by competing in the different types of races . Eight of the 12 characters must be unlocked by earning the required number of soldiers for that respective character . The initially unlocked characters are : Woody , Buzz , Bo Peep , and RC .
In the Game Boy Color version , the unlocked characters are Woody , Buzz , Bo Peep , and Mr . Potato Head . The game includes two unlockable characters : a little green man and an army soldier .
Racing types
The Game Boy Color version has only two race modes , Quick Race and Tournament , while the PlayStation version features the following race modes :
Race - a regular race in which the player must finish in first place to be awarded a soldier ( some races range in the number of laps and number of opponents ) .
Race Tournament - a race tournament where each position is awarded points ; the winner is the toy with the most points .
Knockout Race - a knockout-style race , where the toy in last place on every lap is eliminated .
Knockout Race Tournaments - a knockout-style tournament , where toys are eliminated at the end of every race .
Lap Trial - completing the lap within the time limit to win .
Endurance - completing a number of laps within a time limit .
Collection - collecting the hidden clown weebles scattered throughout the track before the time runs out .
Target - Finding and destroying the hidden dart boards with weapons scattered throughout the track before the time runs out .
Countdown Mode - The player must complete a number of races within a time limit .
Survival - Finishing a race in first place without getting hit by a weapon , which results in elimination .
Super Survival - same as Survival , but the player must eliminate the other toys to win .
Tag Mode - to win , the player must bump other players with their car .
Smash Tag - same as Tag Mode , but players are eliminated with weapons , not by crashing .
Smash - a race in which the player must defeat a specific group of opponents by using power-ups to knock them out .
Smash Tournament - the player must knock out other racers by using power-ups . A point is rewarded for each character that the player knocks out .
Some of these game modes can also be played in reverse , in which the racers compete backwards on the course . The PlayStation version features more than 100 challenges , each of them utilizing one of the various game modes . Challenges are gradually unlocked as the player collects more soldiers .
Levels and items
The PlayStation version has 18 tracks : 11 race tracks and 7 smash arenas . Race tracks include Andy 's house , Andy 's neighborhood , a shopping mall , a pier , the Pizza Planet restaurant , an underground parking lot , and Sid 's house . Smash arenas include a basketball court , a bowling alley , a cinema , a gas station , and an ice rink . A skate park level serves as both a race track and a smash arena . The PlayStation version includes eight items that can be used against opponents , including a spinning top , a rocket , electroshock , and a speed booster . Items are found in four different coloured boxes located throughout each track , and two items are contained in each box .
The Game Boy Color version has 10 tracks across three locations : Andy 's house , Andy 's neighborhood , and Pizza Planet . The tracks in the GBC version are pre-rendered as full motion video , allowing for a 3D effect . The character sprites are overlaid on the video and move forward automatically with the track , while the player controls the steering of the chosen character . Icons are located on the track and can be collected by the player , resulting in a random effect on the player 's vehicle . The icons can slow down the vehicle , or can aid the player by providing abilities such as invincibility or temporary top speed . Coins are scattered on the track as well , and can be collected by the player to increase the high score .
Release
In the United States , Toy Story Racer was released for PlayStation and Game Boy Color in March 2001 . In 2010 , the game received a downloadable PlayStation 3 re-release through the PlayStation Store as a PS one Classic . The re-release was published in the United States on July 27 , followed by a European release on August 25 . The re-release became compatible with the PlayStation Vita on August 29 , 2012 .
Reception
The PlayStation version received `` generally favorable reviews '' according to aggregator website Metacritic , based on 8 reviews . The PlayStation version was generally praised for its graphics and appeal to people of all ages . IGNs review stated : `` Toy Story Racer is aimed at young kids , but it 's surprisingly adult in the level of detail , depth of gameplay , and its overall design '' , whilst Tim Tracy of GameSpot remarked that `` it 's no Crash Team Racing , but Toy Story Racer provides plenty of challenge for young and old alike . '' Tracy also praised the controls for their simplicity . Kevin Rice of NextGen , however , gave it a negative review , saying , `` Clearly , this is aimed at the youngest gamers . More discerning consumers – say , over the age of 10 – will not be impressed . ''
Jon Thompson of AllGame praised the PlayStation version for its variety but considered the graphics and sound to be average , while Johnny Liu of GameRevolution wrote that the game `` force feeds you with endless repetition '' . Liu criticized the over-sensitive controls , but considered the music decent . Although Liu enjoyed some of the tracks , they considered it an average game and believed that Crash Team Racing was superior . Aaron Curtiss of the Los Angeles Times praised the PlayStation version and considered it superior to the GBC version ; they criticized the latter version as tedious and was disappointed by its reduced number of tracks and game modes . Curtiss was also critical of the two different versions being released with an identical title and packaging .
Thompson , in their review of the GBC version , praised the 3D graphics but wrote that `` it is obviously not true 3D , and the frame rate is low enough to disorient you on many occasions '' . Thompson further stated that the game had low replay value because of its lack of diverse characters , game modes , and tracks . IGNs Craig Harris also criticized the GBC version for its lack of variety , and stated that the game was fun for only a limited period . Frank Provo of GameSpot stated that the GBC version had good replay value . Provo believed that Wacky Races and Woody Woodpecker Racing were `` much better '' alternatives , but wrote that the 3D graphics and `` cartoon-style charm '' of Toy Story Racer `` make it an excellent choice for children , Disney fans , or Game Boy fanatics who enjoy visual gimmicks '' .
In 2019 , the PlayStation version was included on IGN 's list of Top 25 Favourite Kart Racers .
Notes
References
External links
( PlayStation )
( Game Boy Color )
2001 video games
Activision games
PlayStation ( console ) games
PlayStation Network games
Game Boy Color games
Tiertex Design Studios games
Toy Story video games
Disney video games
Traveller 's Tales games
Video games based on films
Kart racing video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Vigleik Storaas ( born 2 February 1963 ) is a Norwegian jazz pianist and composer , and the younger brother of composer and bassist Gaute Storaas . They are known from a series of album releases and collaborations with jazz musicians such as Norma Winstone , Karin Krog , Terje Rypdal , Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen , Chet Baker , Jack DeJohnette and Warne Marsh .
Career
Storås was born in Bergen , and studied music at the U-Phils High School in Bergen before attending the Jazz program at Trondheim Musikkonservatorium ( 1982–84 ) , what today is the Department of Music Technology ( NTNU ) , where they were the leader of the Bodega Band ( 1990–1996 ) , and is now Assistant Professor .
During the 1980s , Storaas played with the bands Kråbøl , Søyr , Bjørn Alterhaug Band and Fair Play , and was the bandleader of the group Lines ( 1987–92 ) . With the Bjørn Alterhaug Quintet they played at the Molde International Jazz Festibal 2012 . During 1992 to 1995 Storaas joined the international jazz profiles Karin Krog and John Surman , and they participated on the record Nordic Quartet from 1994 . Here they were recognised as composer both in Norway and internationally . Storaas created their own trio in 1992 with fellow students Johannes Eick and Per Oddvar Johansen ; this trio has made several recordings . More recently they have performed in a quartet with students ( at NTNU ) Tore Johansen ( trumpet ) , Rune Nergaard ( bass ) and Gard Nilssen ( drums ) .
Storaas has toured for the Rikskonsertene with the `` Musikk for fred '' ( 1984–86 ) , `` So Ro Godt Barn '' ( 1987–90 ) , `` Mennesket i Mengden '' ( 1989–90 ) , `` Fair Play '' ( 1989 ) , `` All That Jazz '' ( 1993 ) , `` Kombinasjoner '' ( 1995 ) and `` Meeting Point '' ( 1997 and 2000 ) , and was named Jazz Musician of the Year by the Association of Norwegian Jazz Musicians in 1996 . In 1999 they performed commissioned work Mosaic at Vossajazz , The International Jazz Festival at Voss , Norway . Albums under their own name are Bilder ( 1995 ) , Andre Bilder ( 1997 ) , both received Spellemannprisen ( The Norwegian Grammy Award ) , Open Excursions ( 1999 ) and Subsonic ( 2002 ) .
Honors
Spellemannprisen 1995 in the class jazz for the album Bilder ( Vigleik Storaas Trio )
Jazz Musician of the Year 1996 , by the Association of Norwegian Jazz Musicians
Spellemannprisen 1997 in the class jazz for the album Andre bilder ( Vigleik Storaas Trio )
Gammleng-prisen 2002 in the class jazz
Discography
Solo projects
Solo Piano
1999 : Open Excursions , ( Curling Legs )
As band leader with Lines ( Quartet with Tore Brunborg , Olaf Kamfjord and Trond Kopperud )
1989 : Lines , ( Odin Records ) , feat . Elin Rosseland
1993 : Far To Go , ( Grappa Music ) , feat . Norma Winstone
As band leader with Vigleik Storaas Trio
1995 : Bilder , ( Curling Legs )
1997 : Andre Bilder , ( Curling Legs )
2002 : Subsonic , ( Curling Legs )
2007 : Now , ( Inner Ear )
2012 : Epistel # 5 ( Inner Ear )
As band leader with Vigleik Storaas Septet
2010 : Open Ears ( Inner Ear )
Collaborative works
As band leader with Trondheim Jazz Orchestra
2006 : Tribute composed by Storaas to the 25th anniversary for The Jazz Program in 2004 , ( MNJ Records )
Piano duets with Ivar Antonsen
2010 : Dialogues ( Ponca Jazz Records/Musikkoperatørene ) , nominated for the Spellemannprisen 2010 in the class Jazz
Within Excess Luggage ( Trio with Steinar Nickelsen and Håkon Mjåset Johansen )
2007 : Excess Luggage ( Park Grammofon )
2011 : Hand Luggage Only ( )
With Tore Johansen , Jo Skaansar , and Jon Christensen
2012 : Double Rainbow ( Inner Ear )
With Tor Yttredal
2015 : Chamber ( Inner Ear )
2017 : Space In Between ( Inner Ear )
With Hegge
2017 : Vi är ledsna men du får inte längre vara barn ( Particular Recordings Collective )
As sideman
1983 : Hotellsuite ( Odin Records ) , with Espen Rud
1984 : Cierny Peter ( Odin Records ) , within Søyr
1986 : A Ballad ( Ponca Jazz ) within Bjørn Alterhaug Quintet
1992 : En Flik Av ... ( Studentersamfundet i Trondheim ) , within Bodega Band
1995 : Nordic Quartet ( ECM Records ) , with Nordic Quartet ( John Surman , Karin Krog and Terje Rypdal )
1997 : Pieces of Time ( Curling Legs ) , with Jacob Young
1998 : Rudlende ( Curling Legs ) , with Espen Rud
1999 : Glow ( Curling Legs ) with Jacob Young
2001 : My shining hour ( Blue Jersey ) , with Kjersti Stubø
2001 : Baritone Landscape ( Gemini Records ) , within John Pål Inderberg 's The Zetting
2005 : Sval Draum ( Taurus Records ) , with John Pål Inderberg
2006 : Rainbow Session ( Inner Ear ) , with Tore Johansen and Ole Morten Vågan
2006 : Deloo ( Grappa Music ) , with Kirsti Huke
2007 : Implicity ( AIM ) , with Orange ( Trio with Sondre Meisfjord & Stig Rennestraum )
2008 : Oslo Calling ( Meantime Records ) , with Karin Krog and The Meantimes
2009 : Songlines ( Ponca Jazz Records ) , within Bjørn Alterhaug Quintet
2009 : Kirsti Huke – ( Fairplay ) , with Kirsti Huke
2010 : My Sister Said ( Turn Left ) , with Håvard Lund
2012 : Vegen Åt Deg ( Øra Fonogram – OF036 ) , with Heidi Skjerve .
Tours with Rikskonsertene
`` Musikk for fred '' ( 1984–86 ) ,
`` So Ro Godt Barn '' ( 1987–90 ) ,
`` Mennesket i Mengden '' ( 1989–90 ) ,
`` Fair Play '' ( 1989 ) ,
`` All That Jazz '' ( 1993 ) ,
`` Kombinasjoner '' ( 1995 ) ,
`` Meeting Point '' ( 1997 og 2000 ) .
References
External links
Tore Johansen , Vigleik Storaas & Ole Morten Vågan – I Get Along Without You Very Well on YouTube
20th-century Norwegian pianists
21st-century Norwegian pianists
Norwegian music educators
Norwegian jazz pianists
Norwegian jazz composers
Ponca Jazz Records artists
Odin Records artists
Curling Legs artists
Grappa Music artists
Inner Ear artists
ECM Records artists
Spellemannprisen winners
Norwegian University of Science and Technology alumni
Musicians from Bergen
Living people
1963 births
Oberharz ( ) is a former Samtgemeinde ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district of Goslar , in Lower Saxony , Germany . It was situated in the western part of the Harz , approx . 15 km southwest of Goslar . Its seat was in the town Clausthal-Zellerfeld . It was disbanded in January 2015 , when its member municipalities merged into the town Clausthal-Zellerfeld .
The Samtgemeinde Oberharz consisted of the following municipalities :
Altenau
Clausthal-Zellerfeld
Schulenberg im Oberharz
Wildemann
References
Former Samtgemeinden in Lower Saxony
Goslar ( district )
`` Sladdbarn '' is a Swedish term to refer to a child who is born much later than their other siblings . The terms differ from the colloquial English expression `` oops baby '' which simply refers to any unplanned birth . There are similar terms for the concept in many other Nordic languages and some others .
Definition
There are many opinions about how far apart it should be for the child to consider a sladdbarn . If it has been at least six years between siblings , the younger child can be regarded as a sladdbarn according to the behavioral pedagogue Elisabeth Schönbeck . Another opinion is that it is when the difference between the infant and the second youngest is greater than the difference between the second youngest and the eldest child . A commonly held rule of thumb is that it should be 10 years between the children . Another criterion may be that the child is born long after the first clutch of children and thus is not part of the companionship of their older siblings , missing out on the sibling bonding stage during childhood , developing more as a single child .
Causes
Sladdbarn can be born because the parents mistakenly believe that they can no longer have children due to their age and stop using contraceptives . Another reason for a much later sibling is due to the parents feeling that their first group of children are getting older and they miss having small children around . Sometimes older couples with a more unstable relationship have yet another child in later life due to feeling a need to keep the relationship together when their older children start becoming independent , thus losing the so-called `` glue '' that kept them from growing apart .
Effects
During the early 20th century having a sladdbarn was considered shameful in the country , as it was considered to imply that the parents were overly sexually active in old age . In Sweden in the 1960s having a sladdbarn was considered a major economic setback for a working-class family but a status symbol for the richer who could afford it . Children whose only siblings are much older than them sometimes report feeling like an only child . Many sladdbarn are often accused of being spoiled by their parents according to the older siblings . They are also often said to remain childish even in adulthood .
Other terms
There are many playful synonyms for sladdbarn in the Nordic countries . In Swedish , `` efterskott '' may be used ( a double entendre , meaning `` arrears '' , but literally also `` after-shot '' ) . In Finland Swedish , there is a term `` skrapabulla '' ( scrape bun , the word comes from the slightly smaller bun that gets created when a baker needs to scrape off the bowl to get enough dough to fill the last cup ) . In Finnish , the term that is used is `` iltatähti '' ( Evening Star ) , this after the planet Venus , which becomes visible during dusk , before the sun has gone down completely . In Norwegian , `` attpåklatt '' is a commonly used term , being the equivalent of `` top-up '' or `` small refill '' of your bowl of porridge . In English , a sladdbarn is sometimes colloquially called an `` oops ' baby '' .
Notable people
Ola Salo – singer
Miss Li – singer and songwriter
Niklas Andersson – hockey player
Anna Holmlunds – skier
References
Further reading
Oops ! How to Rock the Mother of All Surprises : A Positive Guide To Your Unexpected Pregnancy
Sibling
Sociological terminology
Swedish culture
Ageing
Jason Ramond Maxwell ( born March 26 , 1972 ) is an American former professional baseball player . Primarily an infielder , Maxwell first played in 1998 for the Chicago Cubs . Maxwell played the 2000 and 2001 seasons with the Minnesota Twins . Maxwell attended Marshall County High School in Lewisburg , Tn where they played high school baseball for the Tigers . Maxwell is now the head Baseball coach for Ensworth High School ( private ) in Nashville , TN . Maxwell 's favorite memories on their MLB career were interacting with their fans . They had a large following that was lead from a group of guys out of Swanton Ohio . They would often spend time with the guys after the games signing autographs for these kids . They donated bats , batting gloves , and even their belt with them .
References
Major League Baseball infielders
Chicago Cubs players
Minnesota Twins players
Huntington Cubs players
Daytona Cubs players
Orlando Cubs players
Orlando Rays players
Iowa Cubs players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Fort Myers Miracle players
Gulf Coast Twins players
Louisville Bats players
Durham Bulls players
Baseball players from Tennessee
1972 births
Living people
Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders baseball players
People from Lewisburg , Tennessee
Khvorcheh ( , also Romanized as Khūrcheh ) is a village in Garakan Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 213 , in 62 families .
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
Garakan Rural District ( ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 4,224 , in 1,134 families . The rural district has 12 villages .
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Ashtian County
The Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation was created in 2006 upon the death of Joan C. Edwards , a well-known West Virginia-based philanthropist .
History
The Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation was created by a bequest from the Joan C. Edwards Trust in 2006 at the time of Mrs. Edwards ' death . Mrs. Edwards was a philanthropist and former jazz singer . Them husband , James , who died in 1991 , was owner and CEO of National Mattress Company in Huntington , W.Va. , where the couple lived most of their lives .
In 2010 , Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation launched the ( H3P ) in Cleveland , Ohio , to serve the needs of traditionally underrepresented minorities and low-income backgrounds .
Edwards Scholarship
The Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation has created the Edwards Scholarship . This 8-year full-ride scholarship will be given to one student from CSSM to attend CWRU and CWRU School of Medicine .
The foundation has committed to an initial investment of $ 10 million to $ 12 million for an endowment that will fund at least one of the mega-scholarships every year , beginning in 2011 . CWRU will provide free room and board . Eventually , the endowment could grow to support more than one annual award .
Notes and references
External links
H3P League of Scholars Official Website
Companies based in Cleveland
Organizations established in 2006
Medical and health foundations in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in Ohio
The Italian language is an officially recognized minority language in Slovenia , along with Hungarian . Around 3,700 Slovenian citizens speak Italian as their mother tongue . Italian has a strong presence in Slovenia , both historical and current . An estimated 15 % of Slovenians speak Italian as a second language , which is one of the highest percentages in the European Union .
History
Between the Late Middle Ages and 1797 , part of the territory of the Slovenian Istria ( almost entirely corresponding to the current municipalities of Koper , Izola and Piran ) was under Venetian rule . During that period , the population of the coastal area , which had spoken various Romance dialects ( either of Rhaeto-Romance or Istriot origin ) adopted the Venetian dialect of Italian . During Austrian rule , which lasted until 1918 , Italian was the official language of these areas , along with German . Only in the late 19th century , Slovene became co-official , but only in those rural areas where there was a Slovene ethnic majority .
According to the last Austrian census of 1910 , of the around 75,000 inhabitants of Slovenian Istria , around 30,000 or 40 % spoke Italian as their native language , while 60 % spoke Slovene . Taken only the three municipalities of Koper , Izola and Piran ( in their current border ) , the figures are 27,728 ( 80,81 % ) Italian speakers vs. 6,584 ( 19,18 % ) Slovene speakers ( 1,669 other languages , 4,98 % ) . There was a big linguistic divide among the urban population and the rural areas : the towns were almost exclusively Italian speaking , while the rural areas had a large Slovene majority . Within the current borders of the municipality of Koper , 87 % of the urban population was Italian speaking , while in its predominantly rural surroundings , they represented the 22,3 % of the population . In Izola , Italian speakers amounted to 97 % in the town , but only 12,8 % in the surroundings . Only in the Piran municipality , they had a majority both in the urban and rural areas , with 95,9 % and 64 % , respectively .
After World War One , the entire Slovenian Littoral was annexed to Italy . During Fascism , a policy of Italianization was pursued , and all public use of Slovene was banished throughout the region . After World War Two , these areas were annexed to Socialist Yugoslavia , and the vast majority of the Italian-speaking population of the coastal town was either expelled by the Communist regime or decided to flee to Italy , in what became known as the Istrian Exodus . Only about a tenth of the Italian-speaking population remained . However , due to international and bilateral agreements that followed the change in administration of the Free Territory of Trieste , they were granted linguistic rights , and the entire territory of their traditional settlement became bilingual .
Geographic distribution and population
Italian is co-official with Slovene in four municipalities in the Slovenian portion of Istria : Piran ( ) , Koper ( ) , Izola ( ) and Ankaran ( ) . The official census , carried out in 2002 , reported 2,258 ethnic Italians in the country ( 0.11 % of the total population ) . However , 3,762 people ( 0.2 % of the total population and a slight dip from the number in the 1991 census ) reported themselves to be mother tongue speakers of the language , of whom 1,832 declared themselves as being ethnic Italian , 1,195 as ethnic Slovenes , 34 as Croats , and 37 belonged to an ethnicity that was not listed .
Of the total 3,762 Italian native speakers in Slovenia , 2,853 live in one of the three municipalities where it is co-official : 1,174 in Piran , 1,059 in Koper , and 620 in Izola . Around 15 % of all Slovenians speak Italian as a second language , which is the highest percentage in the European Union after Malta . An estimated 5 % of Slovenians use Italian in their daily life , which is the highest percentage in the European Union outside Italy . The vast majority of those live in the Slovenian Littoral , where daily economic and personal contacts with neighboring Italy are common .
Usage of Italian
According to the Slovenian constitution , the Italian language is co-official in the areas of Slovenian Istria where the Italian people have been traditionally present as an autochthonous population . According to law , all official signs are to be written in both languages , as should all public notifications . Italian is to be used in all public offices in the bilingual area . Beside Slovene language schools , there are also elementary , high and grammar schools with Italian as the language of instruction . At the state-owned University of Primorska , however , which is also established in the bilingual area , Slovene is the only language of instruction ( although the official name of the university includes the Italian version , too ) .
Italian can be used in the municipal assemblies of Koper , Izola and Piran , although in practice almost all discussions are carried out in Slovene .
See also
Italian language in Croatia
Istrian Italians
References
Population by ethnic affiliation , Slovenia , Census 1953 , 1961 , 1971 , 1981 , 1991 and 2002
Population by mother tongue , Slovenia , Census 1991 and 2002
Population by mother tongue , municipalities , Slovenia , Census 2002
Slovenia
Languages of Slovenia
The National Socialist Underground ( , ) , or NSU ( ) , was a far-right German neo-Nazi terrorist group which was uncovered in November 2011 . The NSU is mostly associated with Uwe Mundlos , Uwe Böhnhardt and Beate Zschäpe , who lived together under false identities . Between 100 and 150 further associates were identified who supported the core trio in their decade-long underground life and provided them with money , false identities and weapons . Unlike other terror groups , the NSU had not claimed responsibility for their actions . The group 's existence was discovered only after the deaths of Böhnhardt and Mundlos , and the subsequent arrest of Zschäpe .
So far , the following crimes have been attributed to the NSU : the National Socialist Underground murders , a series of murders of nine immigrants of Turkish , Greek and Kurdish descent between 9 September 2000 and 6 April 2006 ; the murder of a police officer and attempted murder of their colleague ; a 1999 bombing in Nuremberg ; the 2001 and 2004 Cologne bombings ; and a series of 14 bank robberies . The Attorney General of Germany called the NSU a `` right-wing extremist group whose purpose was to kill foreigners , and citizens of foreign origin '' .
Origins
Mundlos ( * 1973 ) , Zschäpe ( * 1975 ) and Böhnhardt ( * 1977 ) all come from the east-German city of Jena . They became friends in the youth-club `` Winzerclub '' in Jena-Winzerla , which Mundlos frequented since 1991 . Here they met and became friends with Zschäpe , later also Böhnhard . Other later supporters of the trio such as Ralf Wohlleben and André Kapke were also frequent guests of the youth club . Mundlos had been part of the East German skinhead scene since the late 1980s .
After the reunification of Germany a series of xeno-phobic riots/pogroms took place , such as Hoyerswerda or Rostock , which heavily influenced the three . While many in their peer group did not fully embrace the right-wing scene , the trio radicalized so much that in 1993 they , among other , were banned from the youth club Winzerclub . To protest this they painted swastika symbols on the walls of the club .
1994/95 Mundlos was drafted for the Bundeswehr , where they were disciplined multiple times for infractions .
Murders
Investigations and public response
On 4 November 2011 , after a bank robbery in Eisenach , Mundlos and Böhnhardt were found shot dead in a burning motorhome . Police said that the two set the vehicle on fire and killed themselves when their vehicle was found . The service pistol ( HK P2000 ) of murdered police woman Michèle Kiesewetter was also discovered in the motorhome . Some hours later on the same day , the flat in Zwickau where the trio had lived under false identities , was set on fire , and an explosion occurred . Beate Zschäpe is suspected of having committed the arson . They later turned themselves in on advice from their lawyer .
Police found a CZ 83 silenced weapon , which had been used throughout the NSU 's serial murders , as well as a number of other guns in the remains of the house . Further , a DVD was found with images of three of the dead persons that had been taken immediately after the killings .
On 13 November 2011 , , a possible fourth member of the NSU , was arrested and brought the following day before a judge at Germany 's Federal Court of Justice , who ordered them to be placed in police custody . The German Attorney General 's Office wanted Gerlach detained on suspicion of membership in a terrorist group . However the court 's investigating judge only authorized Gerlach to be detained on suspicion of supporting a terrorist organization . Gerlach was accused of renting a motorhome for the NSU , which Böhnhardt and Mundlos went on to use in the murder of police officer Michèle Kiesewetter in Heilbronn .
On 24 November 2011 , agents from the German federal GSG 9 special police arrested André Eminger in Grabow . Eminger is suspected by the Attorney General of Germany to have produced a propaganda movie mocking the victims of the serial murders and claiming responsibility for the previously unknown NSU .
The discovery that all these mysterious and unsolved high-profile crimes were committed in cold blood by one obscure , previously unknown `` Nationalsozialistischer Untergrund '' terror group , that went unnoticed for 13 years , plunged Germany into a state of shock , even though right-wing terrorism has historical roots in Germany . After the underlying ideological pattern of the crimes became known by the public , Chancellor Angela Merkel stated on 14 November 2011 that they wanted to consider a ban of the National Democratic Party of Germany ( NPD ) to weaken the power of extremist right-wing groups .
It became known that an officer of the Hessian State Office for the Protection of the Constitution was inside the Internet café while its Turkish owner was killed by the NSU terrorists in 2006 in Kassel . This security agent ( Andreas Temme ) openly held right-wing views , and in their home village they were known by the nickname `` Little Adolf '' . They have since been transferred to an administrative post ( outside and unrelated to the agency ) .
On 23 February 2012 , an official state ceremony in commemoration of the victims was broadcast live from Berlin ; a nationwide moment of silence was observed and flags were flown at half-mast .
Various German politicians from all parties unanimously urged for a parliamentary enquiry committee , which has now begun digging deeply into the details of what is widely regarded as one of the biggest scandals concerning national security in modern German history . The affair is casting Germany 's security apparatus into public disrepute for an obvious , complete failure and is causing sarcastic comments from the press . On 2 July 2012 , the President of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution , Heinz Fromm , resigned from their post shortly after it was revealed that on 12 November 2011 , employees , most notably Axel Minrath ( code name : Lothar Lingen ) , of their agency had destroyed files connected with the NSU case immediately after their role in the murders became public and the agency itself had received a formal request from the German Federal Criminal Police Office ( BKA ) to forward all information relevant to these crimes . Two more resignations of the presidents of the State Offices for the Protection of the Constitution in Thuringia and Saxony followed suit .
Trial in Munich
The first trial against the NSU began on 6 May 2013 . On trial were :
Beate Zschäpe , charged with nine murders , an attack on police leading to a further murder , arson leading to two attempted murders , as well as membership in a terrorist organization .
André Eminger , charged with providing assistance in a nail bomb attack in Cologne , robbery and assistance of a terrorist organization in two cases .
Holger Gerlach , charged with providing assistance to NSU members .
Carsten Schultze , charged with providing weapons to NSU members .
Ralf Wohlleben , charged with providing weapons to NSU members .
On 14 May , Federal Prosecutor Herbert Diemer read out the indictment against Beate Zschäpe . Diemer accused them of involvement in 10 murders and of being a member of a group whose aim was to `` commit murder and criminal acts dangerous to public safety '' in order to intimidate the public and `` wreak major damage to the state . '' The only purpose of the National Socialist Underground , said Diemer , `` was to kill people . ''
Prosecutors deliberately and repeatedly stated that the scope of the trial was only to determine the level of complicity that Zschäpe and their fellow defendants had with the crimes the NSU stands accused of . It is the prosecution 's opinion that Zschäpe , Mundlos , and Böhnhardt were the only members of the NSU despite strong evidence against the trio thesis .
One of the more controversial subjects to come to light during the NSU murder trial was the level of cooperation and support that neo-Nazi informants and organizations received from the Federal Office for Protection of the Constitution ( BfV ) , Germany 's domestic security agency . The BfV began cultivating informants from Germany 's neo-Nazi groups in the early and mid-1990s to deal with the rise in anti-immigrant crime like the Rostock-Lichtenhagen riots of 1992 . During the trial it became clear that BfV informants were aware or potentially aware of the homicides and other crimes attributed to the NSU and that this information was not shared with local police either accidentally or purposefully . All attempts made by the victims ' legal team to examine this relationship have been buried by the prosecution team as irrelevant to the scope of the murder trial .
On 11 July 2018 , Zschäpe was convicted of murder on ten counts and sentenced to life imprisonment . Them accomplices were convicted as follows :
Wohlleben : Guilty – Convicted of aiding and abetting nine murders by procuring the pistol used . Sentenced to ten years in prison .
Eminger : Guilty – Convicted of aiding a terror organization . Sentenced to two and a half years in prison .
Gerlach : Guilty – Also convicted of aiding a terror organization . Sentenced to three years in prison .
Schulze : Guilty – Convicted of aiding and abetting in nine counts of murder . Sentenced to three years of juvenile detention as they were only 20 years old at the time of the murders .
The release of Eminger on the day of the verdict received applause from the Nazis present in the court . Simultaneously , 10,000 people protested all over Germany against the limited solution of the NSU 's crimes and the state 's involvement , against the low verdicts for the terrorists and the police 's racist investigations against the victims ' families .
See also
NSU German History X , a German three-part TV mini-series about the rise and fall of the group
Atomwaffen Division , an American neo-Nazi terrorist group
National Action , a banned British neo-Nazi group
Boot Boys , a former Norwegian neo-Nazi group
References
External links
The Brown Army Fraction . A Disturbing New Dimension of Far-Right Terror at Spiegel Online ( see also the topic Neo-Nazi Terror Cell )
Antonia von der Behrens : The NSU Case in Germany – as at July 3rd , 2018 . In : NSU-Watch , 9 July 2018
2000s in Germany
German nationalist organizations
2000s murders in Germany
Neo-Nazism in Germany
Terrorism in Germany
Neo-fascist terrorism
2011 murders in Germany
Maxime Gérard Biamou Ngapmou Yoke ( born 13 November 1990 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker .
Career
Born in Créteil , Biamou grew up in Bonneuil-sur-Marne and later trained at the CFFP in Paris . Their early career was impacted by adductor injuries , and they played no football for three years while studying at university . They later played football locally in Bonneuil-sur-Marne before spending their early career in French non-league football with Villemomble Sports and Yzeure , later moving to England and joining Sutton United . They signed for Coventry City in June 2017 . In August 2018 they suffered an anterior cruciate ligament injury , and was ruled out for a number of months . At the start of the 2019–20 season Coventry tried to play Biamou on the left wing ; manager Mark Robins judged it unsuccessful and said they would n't be repeating it . In a post-match interview conducted after a 2–0 win against Southend United in February 2020 , Biamou praised the club for their footballing development , saying `` I am a completely different player since I came to Coventry '' .
On 12 May 2021 it was announced that they would leave Coventry at the end of the season , following the expiry of their contract .
In October 2021 they signed a short-term contract with Scottish club Dundee United .
Personal life
Born in France , Biamou is of Cameroonian descent .
Career statistics
Honours
Coventry City
EFL League Two Play-Off Final : 2017-18
EFL League One : 2019–20
References
1990 births
Sportspeople from Créteil
Living people
French footballers
French sportspeople of Cameroonian descent
Association football forwards
Villemomble Sports players
Moulins Yzeure Foot players
Sutton United F.C . players
Coventry City F.C . players
Dundee United F.C . players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
National League ( English football ) players
English Football League players
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
French expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
French expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Scottish Professional Football League players
Footballers from Val-de-Marne
Universidad Alejandro de Humboldt was named in honor of Alexander von Humboldt German naturalist and explorer . UAH is a Venezuelan private university sponsored by the Civil Association Educational Humboldt , created by the National University Council in Resolution No . 28 of 25 July 1997 and authorized in its operation by Presidential Decree No . 2.225 of December 1 , 1997 .
Student body
Enrollment is 12,200 including 1200 graduate students , approximately 70 percent women , 30 percent men .
Academic offerings
UAH offers six bachelors degree programs and two Engineers degree programs known as an Engineer Diploma ( abbreviated Dipl . Ing . or DI ) Engineering education including eight diploma programs and two masters degree programs ( MBA ) through its three schools .
School Social Sciences and Economy
School Engineering
School Humanities and Education .
Degrees
School of Engineering
Civil Maintenance
Software Engineering
UAH offers the following undergraduate programs :
School of Humanities and Education
Modern Languages
Publicity - Advertising
School of Social Sciences and Economy
Administration
Accounting
Economy
Tourism Administration
International Commerce
Research
Research is conducted within the individual colleges . Major interdisciplinary research thrusts include :
Information Technology
Management of science and technology Modeling and simulation
Systems engineering ; and robotics .
Accreditation
UAH `` Universidad Alejandro de Humboldt '' is accredited by the Ministry of Higher Education .
Rector
Soc . Manuel Carlos Sulbarán
Location
The main university campus is located in Caracas , Miranda State .
Los Dos Caminos
Av . Rómulo Gallegos , Con 1ra . Transversal de Montecristo Edificio Universidad Alejandro de Humboldt . Caracas
There are campuses in Caracas District Capital in :
Plaza Venezuela ( Principal )
Av . Lima , entre Plaza Venezuela y Av . Libertador ,
Edif . Universidad Alejandro de Humboldt .
Caracas
Plaza Venezuela ( Faces )
Av . Lima , entre Plaza Venezuela y Av . Libertador ,
Edif . Universidad Alejandro de Humboldt .
Caracas
El Bosque
Av . Principal del Bosque ( Frente a Proseín )
Edif . Universidad Alejandro de Humboldt .
Caracas
Valencia , Carabobo State
Final Av . Pocaterra , Cruce con Calle Colinas ,
El Trigal Centro ,
Edif . Universidad Alejandro de Humboldt .
See also
List of universities in Venezuela
Informatics Engineering
Business Administration
Accountancy
Economy
International Trade
Publicity
Education in Venezuela
External links
www.unihumboldt.edu.ve
Universities and colleges in Caracas
Educational institutions established in 1997
1997 establishments in Venezuela
Private universities and colleges in Venezuela
The 10th Fighter Wing was a unit of the United States Army Air Forces . Its last assignment was with the Fourth Air Force , based at Hamilton Army Airfield , California . It was inactivated on 1 December 1943 .
History
Assigned to Fourth Air Force as prewar Pursuit Wing , remained active at Hamilton Field , California until 1 December 1943 .
Lineage
Constituted as 10th Pursuit Wing on 1 December 1940
Activated on 10 December 1940
Inactivated on 7 December 1941 .
Redesignated 10th Fighter Wing and activated on 1 October 1942
Inactivated on 1 May 1943
Disbanded on 1 December 1943
Assignments
Southwest Air District ( later 4th Air Force ) , 10 December 1940 – 1 May 1943 .
Stations
Hamilton Field , California , 10 December 1940 – 1 May 1943
Components
20th Fighter Group , 18 December 1940 – 1 October 1941
35th Fighter Group , 9 December 1941 – 12 January 1942
References
Maurer , Maurer ( 1983 ) . Air Force Combat Units of World War II . Maxwell AFB , Alabama : Office of Air Force History . .
US Army Air Force Units 1941-1945
External links
010
Military units and formations disestablished in 1943
The Web Gallery of Art ( WGA ) is a virtual art gallery website . It displays historic European visual art , mainly from the Baroque , Gothic and Renaissance periods , available for educational and personal use .
Overview
The website contains reproductions of over 48,600 works and includes accompanying text on the artworks and artists , accessible through a searchable database . The site is a leading example of an independently established collection of high-quality historically important pictures .
The viewer can select the size of the image ; associated music is also included to accompany viewing , and posters of displayed artworks are available . The facility was created by Emil Kren and Daniel Marx .
Copyrights
Most of the images in the gallery are of works that are out of copyright , as they were all produced before 1900 and all named artists in the collection were born well before 1900 . However , copyright for the reproductions displayed on the website may apply within some legal systems . The WGA itself gives the following copyright statement :
The Web Gallery of Art is copyrighted as a database . Images and documents downloaded from this database can only be used for educational and personal purposes . Distribution of the images in any form is prohibited without the authorization of their legal owner .
Very little information is given on the pages presenting the images , as to who the legal owner of each might be . In the United States , photo reproductions of public domain two-dimensional art are also in the public domain , as affirmed by the decision in the case of Bridgeman Art Library v. Corel Corp. , but this is not the case for photo reproductions of three-dimensional art such as sculptures . Copyrights of the sculpture images therefore remain unclear . Copyrights of the text on the website are also unclear ; most of the reproductions in the gallery are displayed as catalog items unaccompanied by any explanatory text , but short explanatory notes for artist biographies or important artworks do exist and are unreferenced .
Database
Their database with over 48,600 artworks created by over 4,000 artists is free to download and they have published statistics over their virtual collection that are on their statistics webpage . Artworks installed in churches and from private collections are represented as well as museums . What follows is a list of institutions with more than 50 works represented on their website , based on their downloadable database .
See also
List of artists in the Web Gallery of Art ( A–K )
List of artists in the Web Gallery of Art ( L–Z )
List of sculptors in the Web Gallery of Art
List of graphic artists in the Web Gallery of Art
The Artchive
WebMuseum
References
External links
Virtual art museums and galleries
Tertiary educational websites
Open-access archives
Websites about digital media
Internet properties established in 1996
1996 establishments in Hungary
These are the Canadian number-one albums of 2016 . The chart is compiled by Nielsen Soundscan and published by Jam ! Canoe , issued every Sunday . The chart also appears in Billboard magazine as Top Canadian Albums .
Note that Billboard publishes charts with an issue date approximately 10–11 days in advance .
identifies Canadian musical acts .
Number-one albums
See also
List of Canadian Hot 100 number-one singles of 2016
List of number-one digital songs of 2016 ( Canada )
References
External links
Top 100 albums in Canada on Jam
Billboard Top Canadian Albums
2016
Canada Albums
2016 in Canadian music
Frederick of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym ( Schaumburg , 29 November 1741 – Homburg vor der Höhe , 24 December 1812 ) , was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Bernburg branch and the last ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym .
They were the fifth ( but fourth surviving ) son of Victor I , Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym , but the first-born by their second wife , Countess Hedwig Sophie Henckel von Donnersmarck .
Life
After the death of their father in 1772 , Frederick and their brothers were excluded from the government of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym by their older brother , Prince Karl Louis , until their death in 1806 .
At the time of Karl Louis 's death , Frederick was their only surviving brother and reclaimed the government from their nephew Prince Victor II . Frederick claimed that the primogeniture was never formally installed in Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym and , according to the traditional laws of the House of Ascania , they had the right to share the government with Victor II . The dispute ended with the death of Victor II without male heirs on 22 April 1812 , who left Frederick as the only living agnate of the branch and , in consequence , heir to the principality .
Reign
Frederick 's rule lasted only eight months until their death . Because they never married or had children , the line of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym became extinct with him .
Succession
Their kinsman Duke Alexius of Anhalt-Bernburg inherited Hoym and the other lands obtained from the main branch of Anhalt-Bernburg in 1718 when the line was created ; but the Counties of Holzappel and Schaumburg were inherited by their eldest grandniece , Hermine , by marriage Archduchess of Austria , as the senior heir of Elisabeth Charlotte Melander , who by treaty in 1690 gave their counties as a dowry to their youngest daughter , Princess Charlotte of Nassau-Dillenburg , then betrothed to Prince Lebrecht of Anhalt-Zeitz-Hoym . Hermine 's son Archduke Stephen of Austria , Palatine of Hungary eventually inherited the Counties .
References
Bibliography
Ferdinand Siebigk : Das Herzogthum Anhalt , p. 243 , Desbarats , 1867
1741 births
1812 deaths
People from Schaumburg
House of Ascania
Battle off Halifax may refer to :
Battle off Halifax ( 1780 )
Battle off Halifax ( 1782 )
The Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State ( Minister for Tech and the Digital Economy ) is a junior position in the Department for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport in the British government . It is currently held by Damian Collins MP who took the office in July 2022 after Chris Philp resigned .
The role was created out of the Minister of State for Digital and Culture .
Responsibilities
The minister has responsibility of the following policy areas :
Digital and tech policy
Online safety
International strategy
Gambling and lotteries
Legislation
List of officeholders
Chris Philp ( 2021–2022 )
References
Digital Infrastructure
Ministerial offices in the United Kingdom
Department for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport
2019 establishments in the United Kingdom
Shives ( also Shrives ) is an unincorporated community in Chicot County , Arkansas , United States .
Shives are located on the southeast shore of Lake Chicot , approximately west of the Mississippi River .
U.S. Route 278 passes through Shives , and Shives is the first settlement west of the Greenville Bridge .
References
Unincorporated communities in Chicot County , Arkansas
Unincorporated communities in Arkansas
Anna Carena ( 30 January 1899 - 15 April 1990 ) was an Italian actor . They appeared in more than thirty films from 1941 to 1983 .
Filmography
References
External links
1899 births
1990 deaths
Italian film actores
A goal from mark is a former scoring move in rugby football . It occurred when a player `` marked '' the ball by making a fair catch and shouting `` mark '' . From this position the player could not be tackled . The player then had the option of a free kick , which could be taken as a place-kick , drop-kick , punt , or tap kick . It was possible to score a goal from a place-kick or drop-kick .
The goal from mark was seldom seen for a number of reasons : the kicking team would have had to make the mark comfortably within range of the opponents ' goal , usually implying a gross error on the part of a defending player . The player making the mark would presumably have considered a drop goal attempt from open play less likely to succeed than a goal from the mark . The defending team were allowed to advance as far as the mark , meaning that the kick had to be attempted from still further away , and were moreover permitted to charge the attempted kick as soon as the ball was placed on the ground , the kicker started to run up , or offered to kick the ball .
The points awarded for a goal from mark initially varied between three and four points as point scoring rules evolved in rugby . In the 1900s , the goal from mark was fixed at three points and it remained set at this amount until the rule 's eventual abolition . The goal from mark was a goal-scoring option distinct from the drop goal . The latter was worth four points in rugby union until 1948 when its value was also reduced to three points .
Under the original laws promulgated by Rugby School ( from 1845 onwards ) , a try behind the opposition 's goal-line was followed by a `` punt out '' , in which a member of the attacking team punted the ball backwards from the goal-line to a teammate , who could then catch the ball , make a mark ( as from a fair catch ) , and then place the ball for a kick at goal . This was originally the only means by which a goal could be scored following a try . The option of a place-kick in line with the try ( as in a modern conversion ) appeared in the first Rugby Football Union laws of 1871 . The RFU would abolish the punt-out from goal in 1883 .
The goal from mark was removed entirely from rugby league in 1922 .
The goal from mark was permitted in rugby union games until the free-kick clause was added to the Laws of Rugby Union in 1977 , which stipulated that a player could call a mark only in the defender 's 22-metre area and only for a `` non-scoring '' free kick . This clause was applied to northern hemisphere games from September 1977 and for southern hemisphere games from January 1978 and remains part of the rules .
The last goal from a mark scored in an international match was by Romania against France in the 1971–72 FIRA Nations Cup on 11 December 1971 .
In other codes of football
The scoring move continues as the set shot featuring heavily in Australian rules football or the unusual fair catch kick in American football . The original 1863 laws of association football also permitted a free kick from a fair catch , from which a goal could be scored ; this provision was eliminated in 1866 .
In late 2018 , the Gaelic Athletic Association introduced an offensive mark to permit forward players , who had received an aerial pass which had travelled at least 20 metres , to stop play and essentially take a free kick . Despite some resistance , the rule was retained for the 2019 Irish National Football League season .
See also
Drop kick
Free kick ( rugby union )
Mark ( rugby )
Fair catch kick
Set shot
References
Rugby union terminology
Rugby league terminology
Banned sports tactics
The Alliterative Revival is a term adopted by literary historians to refer to the resurgence of poetry using the alliterative verse form in Middle English between c. 1350 and 1500 . Alliterative verse was the traditional verse form of Old English poetry ; the last known alliterative poem prior to the Revival was Layamon 's Brut , which dates from around 1190 .
Scholarly opinion has been divided on whether the Alliterative Revival represented a conscious revival of an old artistic tradition , or merely signified that despite the tradition continuing in some form between 1200 and 1350 , no poems survived in written form . Major works of the Revival include William Langland 's Piers Plowman , the Alliterative Morte Arthure , and the works of the Gawain Poet : Pearl , Sir Gawain and the Green Knight , Cleanness , and Patience .
History of academic recognition of the Revival
It was not until the later 19th century that editors began to consider the problems caused by the chronology of surviving medieval alliterative verse . Although they offered no comment himself , the work of Walter William Skeat made it apparent to students for the first time that there was a gap during the 13th and 14th centuries when no verse was written using an alliterative stave . By 1889 the philologist ten Brink spoke of a `` revival of alliterative poetry '' in the later 14th century , and the term was in routine use by the early 20th century .
The concept was further developed by scholars such as Israel Gollancz , James R. Hulbert , and J. P. Oakden ; their work enshrined a regionally based , nativist formulation of alliterative poetry which argued it expressed selfconsciously 'English ' and archaic modes , recovered from previous centuries , in opposition to the French-influenced court poetry of the south and east of England .
While the arguments of Gollancz and early 20th century academics strongly supposed continuity between Old English verse forms and those of the Revival , academics of the 1960s and 70s increasingly began to stress the discontinuities in the forms , suggesting that 14th century alliterative verse was a purely new invention . Writers such as Elizabeth Salter , David Lawton and Thorlac Turville-Petre notably refused to hypothesise the existence of poetry that had not survived in the written record , preferring instead to seek possible inspiration for the Revival 's poetry within rhythmic prose traditions of the 13th and 14th century .
Verse
Alliterative `` long line ''
The rules by which alliterative verse was composed in Middle English are unclear and have been the subject of much debate . No metrical rules were written down at the time , and their details were quickly forgotten once the form died out : Robert Crowley , in their 1550 printing of Piers Plowman , simply stated that each line had `` thre wordes at the least [ ... ] whiche beginne with some one letter '' , assuring readers that `` this thinge noted , the miter shal be very plesaunt to read '' .
Verse of the Alliterative Revival broadly adheres to the same pattern shown in Old English poetry ; a four-stress line , with a rhythmic pause ( or caesura ) in the middle , in which three of the stresses alliterate , i.e . aa / ax . However , there are very significant differences . Amongst the features differentiating the Middle English alliterative style from its predecessor is that the lines are longer and looser in rhythm , and the medial pause is less strictly observed , or often absent entirely ; hundreds of rhythmic variations seem to have been permitted . While Old English poetry generally employed a clear syntactic break in the middle of the line , in Middle English the line is generally a complete syntactic unit : some poets composed sentences extending over several lines . An example of this style is shown by a few lines from Wynnere and Wastoure :
( 19-23 )
There has been much debate on the subject of how lines containing more than two alliterating syllables before the medial pause , which are common in verse of the Revival , should be read . While some scholars have described these additional syllables as a `` minor chief syllable '' or as having `` secondary stress '' , they have also been interpreted as not altering the four-stress pattern while still contributing to the effect of the line . Some of the most recent analysis proposes that the traditional four-stress model of both Old English and Middle English alliterative verse is a `` misapprehension '' and that a focus on other apparent rules clarifies the evolution of the form , with Layamon 's Brut emerging as a key text in the development of alliterative verse .
Stanzaic poems
A second type of verse combining rhymed stanzas , usually of thirteen or occasionally fourteen lines , with the basic four-stress line also appeared during the Revival : it appears to have been a new development of the 14th century . Here the alliteration may often follow the pattern aa / aa , ax / aa , or even aa / bb , though lines with four alliterating words are much more common than in verse using the unrhymed long line .
Mirroring uncertainty over the evolution of alliterative verse in general , it is still uncertain as to whether this tradition developed from the unrhymed alliterative template or from rhymed verse forms on which the traditional alliterative stave was superimposed . While the poems in the thirteen-line stanza have generally been considered a part of the alliterative tradition , they have also been argued to be a related but distinct offshoot , incorporating elements of rhythm and metre that are in direct conflict with the conventions of unrhymed alliterative verse .
The surviving stanzaic alliterative poems are generally of northern English provenance ; some , such as Somer Soneday or The Three Dead Kings , are of very complex form .
Development of the Revival
The dialects shown in the surviving poems often point towards a northern and western provenance . The traditional interpretation of the Revival argues that such verse first began to be produced in the south-west Midlands , perhaps towards the start of the 14th century , and spread gradually northwards and eastwards , eventually becoming limited to the far north and Scotland by the close of the 15th century . This view suggests that the Revival was a largely self-contained movement whose `` contacts with the metropolitan , Chaucerian tradition were slight '' . The words of the Parson in the prologue to Chaucer 's Parson 's Tale , that as a `` Southren man '' they can not recite alliterative verse - `` I kan nat geeste 'rum , ram , ruf ' by lettre '' - have often been taken as supporting evidence that alliterative verse was associated only with the north of the country .
In more recent years medievalists have begun to challenge the idea that alliterative verse and its `` revival '' was an exclusively regional phenomenon , limited to the north and west of England . Although , as academic Ralph Hanna observes , the records of early alliterative poetry cluster overwhelmingly around the literary communities of Worcester , in the west , and York , in the north , alliterative poetry at least subsequently developed `` as one competing form of a national , not regional , literature '' . This view interprets alliterative verse as part of the common literary culture of the time : although it was most appreciated in the rural north-west , several poems seem to have a definitely eastern ( and in the case of The Blacksmiths , possibly urban ) origin . The apparent flowering of the alliterative style in the period may have been due to social changes occurring in the wake of the Black Death , which would have thrown vernacular literary styles into greater prominence , or may simply be the result of the fact that the fifteenth century saw a general uptick in the amount of English-language literature being composed and copied .
Ultimately , changing literary fashions , along with its perhaps old-fashioned and provincial associations , led to the abandonment of the alliterative form . Its use persisted in Scotland long after it had become a curiosity in an English literary culture totally dominated by the Chaucerian tradition : from 1450 until the following century , every major Scots court poet composed at least one alliterative poem . It is likely that the move of the court of James VI and I from Edinburgh to London in 1603 finally broke the continuous tradition of alliterative metre : its compositional rules were soon forgotten , following which it became `` as inaccessible as a dead language '' .
Audience and authors
The cultural milieu of the alliterative poets is often described as one more provincial and backward-looking than that of Chaucerian , courtly poetry of the time , with the poems being appreciated by an audience drawn from the landed gentry of the shires rather than the urban sophisticates of the court . The Arthurian subjects of many Revival poems have sometimes been taken as evidence of the movement 's provincial or antiquarian character or even of nationalism . Most of the authors use language closer to the vernacular , use archaic or dialect terms , and structure their work as if to be read aloud to a mixed group of listeners . A more recent interpretation suggests that these qualities are due to alliterative poetry 's status as a popular mode closer to the vernacular , or to its tendency to preserve older linguistic forms through poetic formula and convention , rather than resulting from conscious antiquarianism or cultural chauvinism .
Several academics , beginning with James Hulbert , have suggested that the Revival 's poets could have had a more noble audience , and were part of a conscious regional identity encouraged by powerful northern and western magnates - the Mortimer Earls of March , the Bohun Earls of Hereford and the Beauchamp Earls of Warwick - as a political counterweight to the court . However , as Richard II of England and John of Gaunt both had substantial support and connections in the north-west , it is equally possible to argue that the alliterative poets of this period could easily have had courtly connections .
In comparison to some of the authors of syllabic rhymed verse during this period , such as Geoffrey Chaucer , John Gower , and John Lydgate , almost nothing is known about the authors of alliterative poetry . The greatest of them , the Gawain Poet , author of Pearl and Sir Gawain and the Green Knight , and that of Alliterative Morte Arthure are both completely anonymous , though the former has been tentatively identified as a John Massey , member of a Cheshire landowning family . Even William Langland , the author of the hugely influential Piers Plowman , has been identified largely through conjecture . The longest poem of the Revival ( over 14,000 lines ) , The Destruction of Troy , is ascribed to a John Clerk from Lancashire , but little else is known about him . A notable exception to this lack of information is Scottish court poet William Dunbar ; Dunbar generally wrote in syllabic metres , but displays a masterful use of the alliterative line in one poem at the very end of the period .
One man known to have appreciated alliterative verse during the time it was still being composed was Robert Thornton , a 15th-century landowner from North Yorkshire . Thornton 's efforts in copying these poems , for the use of themselves and their family , resulted in the preservation of several valuable works .
Chronology
The first alliterative poem after the Brut for which a date can be established is Wynnere and Wastoure , which from internal evidence is usually dated to around 1352 , though the Alexander A and B fragments have been suggested to be as early as 1340 . The last , Scottish Ffielde , was composed in c. 1515 . From in between these dates , a number of examples of verse have survived , of which some are listed below :
c. 1352
Wynnere and Wastoure , unrhymed allegorical debate ( anonymous ; dialect appears to point to a poet from north Cheshire )
c. 1360 , perhaps revised until the 1390s
Piers Plowman , very long allegorical and satirical dream vision ( author conjecturally identified as William Langland , west or southwest Midland dialect )
c. 1365 , though later 14th century also suggested
The Alliterative Morte Arthure , unrhymed Arthurian romance ( anonymous ; probable dialect of east Midlands )
c. 1370
The Parlement of the Thre Ages , unrhymed allegorical poem ( anonymous , Midland dialect ; some commentators have argued it may be written by the author of Wynnere and Wastoure )
c. 1380 ( works attributed to the Gawain Poet )
Pearl , allegorical poem in rhymed stanza ( anonymous ; dialect of the Gawain Poet , sometimes identified as a John Massey , is of Cheshire / Staffordshire )
Sir Gawain and the Green Knight , Arthurian romance in unrhymed stanza with rhymed bob and wheel ( anonymous ; generally considered to be the work of the Gawain Poet , above )
Cleanness , homiletic poem in unrhymed verse ( anonymous ; generally considered to be the work of the Gawain Poet , above )
Patience , homiletic poem in unrhymed verse ( anonymous ; generally considered to be the work of the Gawain Poet , above )
c. 1385
The Destruction of Troy , historical narrative by John Clerk of Whalley , Lancashire
1386
St. Erkenwald , saint 's life / exemplum in unrhymed verse ( anonymous ; similar dialect to Gawain Poet has led to suggestion it may also be by this author )
c. 1390
The Siege of Jerusalem , historical narrative ( anonymous , Lancashire dialect ; may borrow from Destruction of Troy )
The Pistel of Swete Susan , biblical story in thirteen-line stanza ( anonymous , south Yorkshire dialect ; sometimes attributed to a `` Huchoun '' , or `` Hugh '' )
c. 1400
The Three Dead Kings , moral poem in thirteen-line stanza that has been called the most technically complex in the language ( anonymous ; sometimes attributed to John Audelay )
Pater Noster , religious poem in rhymed alliterative stanza ( anonymous ; also possibly by Audelay )
c. 1420
The Awntyrs off Arthure , Arthurian romance in thirteen-line stanza ( anonymous ; probably written by a native of Cumberland )
c. 1425
The Blacksmiths , satirical complaint against the noise made by blacksmiths ( anonymous ; East Anglian or even London dialect )
c. 1450
The Buke of the Howlat , Scottish allegorical poem in rhymed stanza with irregular alliteration ; written by Richard Holland
c. 1500
The Tretis of the Twa Mariit Wemen and the Wedo , satirical chanson d'aventure in unrhymed long line ; written by Scottish poet William Dunbar
c. 1515
Scottish Ffielde ; anonymous poem about the Battle of Flodden , composed for the Stanley family .
Some elements of the alliterative technique survived in Scotland until the late 16th century , appearing in The Flyting Betwixt Montgomerie and Polwart dated around 1580 .
References
Middle English literature
Pandemis regalis is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Madagascar .
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
The 20th Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington , District of Columbia on May 29 , 1947 , sponsored by the E.W . Scripps Company .
The winner was 14-year-old girl Mattie Lou Pollard of Thomaston , Georgia , who attended a one-room schoolhouse , correctly spelling the word chlorophyll . Pollard had placed sixth in the prior 's years bee . Fourteen-year-old Sonya Rodolfo of Chicago ( but a native of the Philippines ) took second , and failed to spell `` maggoty '' , followed by Suzanne Gelin of Parma , Ohio , who misspelled `` sarsaparilla '' . Fourth place when to Sharon Gross of Akron , Ohio , who misspelled `` bellicose '' in the 31st round .
Pollard was the first Bee winner from Georgia . They later worked for the Department of Defense , and the National Park Service . They died in Norcross , Georgia on January 10 , 2006 .
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1947 in education
1947 awards
1947 in Washington , D.C .
May 1947 events in the United States
Kahiri ( ) may refer to :
Kahiri , Chabahar
Kahiri , Nik Shahr
Kahiri , S
See also
Karihi
Tyrone Delano Gilliam Jr. ( August 29 , 1966 – November 16 , 1998 ) was an American convicted murderer executed by the state of Maryland in 1998 . Gilliam was convicted and sentenced to death for the kidnapping and murder of 21-year-old Christine J. Doerfler on December 2 , 1988 .
Murder
On the evening of the murder , Gilliam was drinking and using drugs with Kelvin Drummond and their brother , Tony Drummond . The three men car-jacked Doerfler as they got out of their car in a parking lot , and when they found that they only had three dollars on her , they forced them to go to an ATM and withdraw cash . During the drive to the ATM , they changed their minds , and after pulling over in a secluded area , Gilliam shot Doerfler in the head with a sawed-off shotgun . Gilliam and both of the Drummond brothers were arrested three days later after they attempted to rob a convenience store . Police found the murder weapon in Gilliam 's car , and after Kelvin Drummond named Gilliam as the shooter , Gilliam confessed .
Trial
Gilliam chose to have their case tried by a judge rather than a jury . Judge John Fader of the Circuit Court for Baltimore County found Gilliam guilty of first-degree murder , robbery with a dangerous weapon , use of a handgun in the commission of a felony and kidnapping . On October 31 , 1989 , Gilliam was sentenced to death for the murder of Christine Doerfler . Tony Drummond was convicted separately and received a sentence of life without the possibility of parole , while Kelvin Drummond agreed to plead guilty and testify against Gilliam . In exchange for their testimony and guilty plea they received a sentence of life with the possibility of parole .
Appeals
Gilliam 's initial direct appeal to the Maryland Court of Appeals was rejected in 1990 , and the US Supreme Court refused to hear Gilliam 's case in 1991 . Gilliam then filed a petition for post-conviction relief in Baltimore County Circuit Court . The court denied relief , and Gilliam 's appeals to the Maryland Court of Appeals and the US Supreme Court were refused in 1993 and 1994 respectively . After their attempt to file a second post-conviction petition in the state courts was rejected Gilliam made a petition for habeas corpus relief with the US District Court for the District of Maryland . In November 1996 , the court ruled that Gilliam 's death sentence should be vacated based on ineffective assistance of counsel , however the state filed a Rule 59 ( e ) motion to alter or amend the judgment , and in April 1997 , the court reversed itself and denied Gilliam 's habeas petition . Gilliam appealed the district court 's decision to the US Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , which affirmed the district court 's decision in January 1998 . On October 5 , 1998 , the US Supreme Court refused to hear the case . That same day Judge Fader signed a death warrant which went into effect on November 16 , 1998 .
Execution
Gilliam was executed by lethal injection at the Maryland Penitentiary on November 16 , 1998 . They were pronounced dead at 10:27 p.m. Gilliam 's last hope had been a petition for clemency to Governor Parris Glendening , which was rejected the previous day . Two last-minute appeals to the US Supreme Court were also turned down . None of Doerfler 's family chose to attend the execution and Gilliam 's family was prohibited from attending . Gilliam did not apologize or express remorse in the death chamber , and their last words were `` Allah , forgive them for what they do . '' Like all inmates executed in Maryland , Gilliam was not given a special last meal . They were 32 years old .
See also
Capital punishment in Maryland
Capital punishment in the United States
References
1966 births
1998 deaths
American people convicted of murder
People executed for murder
20th-century executions of American people
People from Baltimore County , Maryland
People executed by Maryland by lethal injection
People convicted of murder by Maryland
Bahomamey is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 2,218 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Bahomamey barrio and Guatemala barrio was 1,126 .
Sectors
Barrios ( which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions ) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores ( sectors in English ) . The types of sectores may vary , from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial , among others .
The following sectors are in Bahomamey barrio :
, and .
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián , Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián , Puerto Rico
Sulfotransferase 1C4 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the SULT1C4 gene .
Sulfotransferase enzymes catalyze the sulfate conjugation of many hormones , neurotransmitters , drugs , and xenobiotic compounds . These cytosolic enzymes are different in their tissue distributions and substrate specificities .
The gene structure ( number and length of exons ) is similar among family members . This gene encodes a protein that belongs to the SULT1 subfamily , responsible for transferring a sulfo moiety from PAPS to phenol-containing compounds .
References
Further reading
Tucson Origins Heritage Park is an under construction historic park located in Tucson , Arizona , United States . The park is located between Sentinel Peak and the Santa Cruz River . The park is directly accessible from the Cushing & Convento Sun Link station .
Park units
When fully completed , the park will consist of the following :
Mission Garden - a `` living agricultural museum '' owned by Pima County
S-cuk Son
Mission Complex
Festival Area - owned by the City of Tucson
the Carrillo House - owned by Rio Nuevo
two museum sites along Cushing Street
History
The park was first conceptualized in 2003 as a part of a 1999 ballot initiative approved to preserve and reconstruct the site of Mission San Cosme y Damián de Tucsón .
In 2012 , the Spanish Colonial Heritage Fruit Tree Orchard was planted . The garden was gradually expanded to encompass a variety of historical and contemporary agricultural techniques utilized by cultural groups around the world .
In 2015 , UNESCO recognized Tucson as a part of its Creative Cities Network for its commitment to strengthening its unique gastronomy-based economy and sustainable urban development .
In early 2020 , the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in Arizona slowed construction progress .
See also
Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum
References
Historic sites in Arizona
Tucson , Arizona
The Enragés ( French for `` enraged ones '' ) commonly known as the Ultra-radicals ( ) were a small number of firebrands known for defending the lower class and expressing the demands of the extreme radical sans-culottes during the French Revolution . They played an active role in the 31 May – 2 June 1793 Paris uprisings that forced the expulsion of the Girondins from the National Convention , allowing the Montagnards to assume full control . The Enragés became associated with this term for their angry rhetoric appealing to the National Convention to take more measures that would benefit the poor . Jacques Roux , Jean-François Varlet , Jean Théophile Victor Leclerc and Claire Lacombe , the primary leaders of the Enragés , were strident critics of the National Convention for failing to carry out the promises of the French Revolution .
The Enragés were not a unified party , rather the individual figureheads that comprised the group identified as the Enragés worked for their own objectives and evidence of cooperation is inconclusive . As individual political personalities , the Enragés had anarchist-like tendencies ; being suspicious of most political organizations and individuals , while resisting ties to others . The leaders did not view themselves as part of a cohesive movement , with Roux even calling for Varlet 's arrest at one point . The notion of the Enragés as a cohesive group was perpetuated by the Jacobins as they lumped their critics Leclerc and Roux into one group .
Primary demands
In 1793 , Jacques Roux delivered a speech at the National Convention known as the Manifesto of the Enragés that represents the essential demands of the group . They asserted that freedom and equality were thus far `` vain phantoms '' because the rich had profited from the French Revolution at the expense of the poor . To remedy this , they proposed measures for price controls , arguing : `` Those goods necessary to all should be delivered at a price accessible to all '' . They also called for strict punishments against actors engaged in speculation and monopoly . They demanded the National Convention take severe action to repress counterrevolutionary activity , promising to `` show them [ enemies ] those immortal pikes that overthrew the Bastille '' . Lastly , they accused the National Convention of ruining the finances of the state and encouraged the exclusive use of the assignats to stabilize finances .
Formation
The Enragés formed in response to the Jacobin 's reluctance to restrain the capitalist bourgeois . Many Parisians feared that the National Convention protected merchants and shopkeepers at the expense of the sans-culottes . The Enragés , though not a cohesive body , offered the working poor a platform to express their dissent . Their dissent was often conveyed through riots , public demonstrations and passionate oratory .
Jacques Roux and Jean-Francois Varlet emboldened the Parisian working poor to approach the Jacobin Club on 22 February 1793 and persuade them to place price controls on necessary goods . The Enragés appointed two women to represent the movement and their agenda to the National Convention . However , the National Convention refused to grant them an audience . This provoked outrage and criticism throughout Paris and some went as far as to accuse the National Convention of protecting the merchant elite 's interests at the expense of the sans-culottes . Further attempts for the Enragés to communicate their position were denied by the National Convention . Determined to be heard , they responded with revolt . They plundered the homes and businesses of the merchant elite , employing direct action to meet their needs . The Enragés were noted for using legal and extra legal means to achieve their ends .
The Enragés were composed of members within the National Convention and the sans-culottes . They illuminated the internal and external war waged by the sans-culottes . They complained that the National Convention ordered men to fight on the battlefield without providing for the widows and orphans remaining in France . They emphasized the unavailability of basic necessities , particularly bread . In their Manifesto of the Enragés , Jacques Roux colorfully expressed this sentiment to the National Convention , stating : `` Is it necessary that the widows of those who died for the cause of freedom pay , at the price of gold , for the cotton they need to wipe away their tears , for the milk and the honey that serves for their children ? `` .
They accused the merchant aristocracy of withholding access to goods and supplies to intentionally drive up prices . Roux demanded that the National Convention impose capital punishment upon unethical merchants who used speculation , monopolies and hoarding to increase their personal profits at the expense of the poor . The Enragés labeled price gouging as counter-revolutionary and treason . This sentiment extended to those who sympathized with the recently executed King Louis XVI . They felt that those who sympathized with the monarchy would also sympathize with those who hoarded goods . It is not surprising that many within the Enragés actively worked against the Girondin faction and indeed they contributed to the demise of the moderate Girondins , who had fought to spare the king . Those who adhered to the ideologies presented in the Manifesto of the Enragés wished to emphasize to the National Convention that tyranny was not just the product of monarchy and that injustice and oppression did not end with the execution of the king . In their view , oppression existed whenever one stratum of society sought to monopolize the majority of resources while simultaneous preventing others from gaining access to those same resources . In their view , the pursuit of resources was acceptable , but the act of limiting access to resources was punishable by death .
The Enragés called on the National Convention to restrict commerce that it might not `` consist of ruining , rendering hopeless , or starving citizens '' . While the Enragés occasionally worked within political structures , their primary objective was achieving social and economic reform . They were a direct action group , attempting to meet the immediate needs of the working poor .
Women in the Enragés
Jean-Francois Varlet understood the enormous influence women possessed , particularly within the French Revolution . Varlet formed the Enragés by provoking and motivating working poor women and organizing them into a semi-cohesive mobile unit . The Enragés often appointed women as speakers to represent the movement in the National Convention . Revolutionary proto-feminists held vital positions within the Enragés , including Claire Lacombe and Pauline Léon . The proto-feminists of the French Revolution are credited with inspiring feminist movements in the 19th century .
Key leaders
Jacques Roux
Jacques Roux , a Roman Catholic priest , was the leader of the Enragés . Roux supported the common people and the Republic . They participated in peasant movements and endorsed the Civil Constitution of the Clergy , to which they swore an oath on 16 January 1791 . Roux claimed : `` I am ready to give every last drop of my blood to a Revolution that has already altered the fate of the human race by making men equal among themselves as they are all for all eternity before God '' . Roux saw violence as a key to the French Revolution 's success and in fact when Louis XVI was executed it was Roux who led them to the scaffold .
Jean Varlet
Jean Varlet , another leader of the Enragés , played a leading role in the fall of the monarchy . When Louis XVI attempted to flee Paris , Varlet circulated petitions in the National Assembly and spoke against the king . On 10 August 1792 , the Legislative Assembly suspended the king and called for the election of a National Convention . Afterwards , Varlet became a deputy in the new National Convention . Even as a member of this representative government , Varlet mistrusted representation and favored direct universal suffrage which could bind representatives and recall elected legislators . They sought to prevent the wealthy from expanding their profits at the expense of the poor and called for the nationalization of all profits obtained through monopoly and hoarding .
Théophile Leclerc
In 1790 , Théophile Leclerc joined the first battalion of Morbihan volunteers and remained a member until February 1792 . They gained recognition in Paris through a speech attacking Louis XVI to the Jacobins . After moving to Lyon , they joined the Central Club and married Pauline Léon , a revolutionary woman . They approved of radical violence like the other Enragés , calling for the execution of expelled Girondins after the 2 June insurrection .
Claire Lacombe
In 1793 , the actor Claire Lacombe , another individual associated with the Enragés , founded the Society of Revolutionary Republican Women . This group was outraged by high costs of living , the lack of necessities and awful living conditions . Lacombe was known for violent rhetoric and action . On 26 May 1793 , Lacombe nearly beat to death a Girondin woman , Théroigne de Méricourt , with a whip on the benches of the Convention . They may have killed them if Jean-Paul Marat had not intervened .
Other groups
To the left of the Montagnards and Hébertists , the Enragés were fought against by Maximilien Robespierre and Jacques Hébert , both of whom implemented some of their proposals in order to appeal to the sans-culottes and undermine the Enragés influence . Their ideas were taken up and developed by Gracchus Babeuf and their associates .
Another group styling itself as Enragés emerged in France in 1968 among students at Nanterre University . Inspired by , and closely allied with , the Situationists , these Enragés emerged as one of the leading groups in the May 1968 French insurrection .
References
Further reading
Hanson , Paul R. ( 2007 ) . The A to Z of the French Revolution . Lanham , Maryland : Scarecrow Press , Inc .
Giles , David ( 2003 ) . `` Représentation et souveraineté chez les Enragés ( 1792-1794 ) '' . In Le concept de Représentation dans la pensée politique . Presses universitaires d'Aix-Marseille .
Guérin , Daniel ( 1977 ) . Class Struggle in the First French Republic . Translated by Ian Patterson . London : Pluto Press .
Leclerc , Théophile ( 2001 ) . L'Ami du Peuple ( 1793 ) . No . II . ed . Marc Allan Goldstein . New York : Lang .
Mathiez , Albert ( January 1977 ) . `` Les Enragés Et La Lutte Pour Le Maximum '' . Annales Révolutionnaires 9. pp . 456–483 .
Morris , Brian ( 1990 ) . `` The Sans-Culottes and the Enragés - Liberation Movements within the French Revolution '' . In The Anarchist Papers 3 . Black Rose Books Ltd. pp . 132–152 .
Popkin , Jeremy D. ( 2015 ) . A Short History of the French Revolution . Hoboken , New Jersey : Pearson Education , Inc .
Richet , Denis ( 1989 ) . `` Enragés '' . In Critical Dictionary of the French Revolution . ed . François Furet and Mona Ozouf . Harvard University Press .
Rose , R. B . ( 1965 ) . The Enragés : Socialists of the French Revolution ? . Sydney : Sydney University Press .
Roux , Jacques ( 1793 ) . `` Manifesto of the Enragés '' . Translation by Mitchell Abidor . Marxist Internet Archive .
Slavin , Morris ( 1961 ) . `` Left of the Mountain : The Enragés and the French Revolution '' . Ph.D. diss . ProQuest . UMI Dissertations Publishing .
Varlet , Jean-François ( 1793 ) . `` Declaration of the Rights of Man in the Social State '' . Translation by Mitchell Abidor . Marxist Internet Archive .
Jean , Juares ( 2015 ) . `` The Enragés Against the High Cost of Living '' . In A Socialist History of the French Revolution . Pluto Press . JSTOR j.ctt183p2pt.15 .
1789 establishments in France
1794 disestablishments in France
Anarchism
Far-left politics in France
French socialists
Groups of the French Revolution
Left-wing populism in France
Political parties established in 1789
Political parties disestablished in 1794
Radical parties in France
Socialism
Socialist parties in France
Halo is a fictional superhero that appears in comic books published by DC Comics . They first appeared in a special insert in The Brave and the Bold # 200 ( July 1983 ) and was created by Mike W. Barr and Jim Aparo .
The character 's origin involves spirit possession . An alien being taken over the body of a recently murdered woman and resurrected them Halo initially suffered from amnesia , having no access to the memories of either the alien or the human host .
Publication history
Halo first appeared in The Brave and the Bold # 200 and was created by Mike W. Barr and Jim Aparo .
Fictional character biography
Halo is a gestalt of a human woman named Violet Harper and an Aurakle , an ancient energy-being resembling a sphere of iridescent light . The Aurakle species emerged from the Source billions of years ago at the dawn of time . When sociopath Violet Harper was murdered by Syonide , an operative of the 100 and Tobias Whale , the Aurakle , who had been observing them out of curiosity , was sucked into the newly vacant body , reanimating the deceased body . The shock of the death and resurrection induced a profound loss of memory in the new combined entity . They were subsequently found and recruited by Batman to serve as a member of the Outsiders . In one early incident , Halo gains access to the memories of the long-lived Aurakle and becomes emotional over the tendency of human beings to kill each other . Halo later has to deal with the consequences of their body 's previous actions , which required the assistance of the Outsiders team to resolve .
The young Halo is initially the legal ward of their friend and Outsiders teammate Katana . During their stint in the Outsiders , they gain a friend in new member Windfall .
Death
Halo did die , in a manner of speaking , in a much later incident . After the team was framed for the murder of Markovia 's queen , which was caused by Roderick and their vampire forces , they were forced to flee . Technocrat 's evil ex-wife , Marissa Barron , hires an old associate named Ryer who believes Technocrat had abandoned them in Markovia . As the cyborg Sanction , they nearly kill the Outsiders in Switzerland . Later , in Gotham City , they attack again , slaying both Marissa and Halo . As with Violet Harper , Halo 's essence is sucked into Marissa 's body , reanimating it .
During an attempt by the Outsiders to create a new headquarters , other Aurakles would return to reclaim Halo . Halo would later strike up a relationship with Sebastian Faust , a fellow Outsider that not many on the team trusted . The entire team is eventually cleared of wrongdoing . Halo later returns to Markovia . There they assist in combating a portal to Hell that had opened as part of the Day of Judgment incident .
Further adventures
Halo later appears back in the body of its original host , Violet Harper , through unexplained means .
During the Infinite Crisis , supervillain prisons around the world are opened as their respective wardens are targeted and blackmailed . Halo is part of a makeshift team of heroes battling a breakout at the Alcatraz prison in San Francisco . They later joins the Battle of Metropolis , which takes place in issue # 7 , helping other heroes protect the city from an army of super-villains bent on its destruction .
Soon after the events of the crisis , they assist a team of astronauts in a space station searching for heroes missing in action . They detect traces of Zeta radiation , a sign of Adam Strange , one of the many missing .
They are part of another multi-hero battle , this time against the murderous Black Adam . This takes place on Chinese soil , during the limited series World War III .
They make another brief appearance in Action Comics # 843 . They are part of dozens of super-powered beings fighting to free themselves from the prison ships of the `` Auctioneer '' .
In Batman and the Outsiders Special ( Feb. 2009 ) , Halo is one of the heroes approached by Alfred to form a new team of Outsiders . They accept in Outsiders vol . 4 , # 15 and reforms the team with original members Katana , Geo-Force , Black Lightning , and Metamorpho , along with new members Owlman and the Creeper .
Blackest Night
During a recovery mission with the Outsiders , Halo , along with the Creeper and Katana , are confronted by Katana 's recently resurrected family . Under the control of their Black Lantern rings , they attack Katana and Halo , with Creeper easily dispatched ; they retreat into the woods to get help from their prisoner , Killer Croc . While Katana battles their husband , Halo is forced to fight Katana 's children . Although their light-based powers prove ineffective at first , Violet unleashes more power than ever before in order to save their teammates , whose abilities have no long-term effect on the Lanterns . Finally , they manage to destroy the Black Lantern rings and goes to aid the rest of their team who are also under attack .
Back in their headquarters , the rest of the Outsiders are faced with a recently risen Terra and are hopelessly outmatched until Halo intervenes . With great effort , they manage to separate Terra from their ring and to destroy it while Geo-Force turns Terra 's body to stone in order to keep them from coming back again . Violet , however , seems to disperse into light , their last words being that the ( light ) is calling them Afterward , Halo is returned to Earth .
Batman Incorporated
Halo is later selected as a member of a new team of Outsiders , led by Red Robin and funded by Batman Incorporated . Halo and their teammates infiltrate a satellite said to be run by the villainous Leviathan organization , but this is revealed to be a trap set by Lord Death Man and Talia al Ghul . The satellite is destroyed in a massive explosion , making it unclear whether Halo and the others survived .
In The New 52 reboot of DC 's continuity , Halo and the Outsiders survived the explosion but were assumed dead . They now work as part of the Dead Heroes Club , a group of heroes who take advantage of their legally-deceased status to perform covert missions for Batman .
In a later series , Halo is once again shown as very naive , freshly rescued from an incident in Markovia . They are under the care of Katana . The government believes Halo simply to be a young girl , unaware of their alien origin and powers .
Powers and abilities
Halo has the ability to fly and to create auras of the seven known rainbow colors around herself , called halos , which have different effects :
Violet : Self-healing abilities and resurrection , and can produce empowering mental effects that can give their previous body 's consciousness control of their shared body .
Indigo : Tractor beam .
Blue : Duplicate themselves and objects into several holographic copies .
Green : Produce halting stasis beams to stop and manipulate enemies .
Yellow : Rays of yellow light from hands that can stun or blind enemies .
Orange : Concussive blasts .
Red : Create a strong energy shield , Levitation and produce destructive heat beams to melt or burn enemies .
White : Emit a blinding white light that is strong enough to overcome shadows and dark energies .
The halos provide a measure of defense against similar effects directed against them For instance , their green stasis halo protected them from being immobilized by the Cryonic Man 's freezing gas , and their orange concussive halo can repel physical attacks .
Halo can alternate between their costume and civilian clothes instantly . This transition is accompanied by an aura of primarily black color with white blotches of light .
The negation of the color spectrum will negate Halo 's powers ; the DC universe has many villains with just such abilities .
In the 1990s , it was shown that should their human body be destroyed , the Aurakle can merge with another recently deceased human .
During the Blackest Night , Violet 's powers proved highly effective , allowing them to destroy Black Lanterns and their rings , a feat usually reserved only for the wielders of the various Lantern Corps and the users of the Dove power .
Other versions
The Elseworlds series JLA : Another Nail contains an alternate Halo , as a black woman ; their real name and background are unrevealed .
In other media
Television
Halo appears in the Batman : The Brave and the Bold episode `` Requiem for a Scarlet Speedster ! '' This version is a new member of the Outsiders .
Halo appears in Young Justice , voiced by Zehra Fazal . Introduced in the third season Young Justice : Outsiders , this version is the product of a dissected Mother Box 's spirit reviving the body of Gabrielle Daou , a Quraci refugee who had been kidnapped by metahuman traffickers , used as a test subject to stimulate their `` meta-gene '' , and euthanized by Dr. Helga Jace when they tested negative for the gene . Upon awaking , they woke up a `` blank slate '' , with minor traces of Daou 's personality and memories as well as fleeting access to the Mother Box 's knowledge and some of its powers . They are soon after rescued by Tigress , who nicknames them `` Halo '' and whom they would go on to live with before joining Nightwing 's team , who helps them figure out who and what they are and the vast range of abilities they have . They also name themselves `` Violet Harper '' , seeing themselves as a new individual , enters a relationship with Brion Markov , and befriends Harper Row . However , Jace takes advantage of Halo 's amnesia by claiming the latter is dying and their cells are not regenerating like they did due to them overusing their violet aura before Halo is kidnapped by Granny Goodness , who discovers they can access the Source with none of the safeguards Metron incorporates within Mother and Father Boxes . Halo is placed under mind control and forced to create the Anti-Life Equation to place the universe under Darkseid 's control , but Victor Stone rescues Halo , allowing them to save the universe . In the aftermath , Halo breaks up with Markov after Zviad Baazovi secretly manipulates them into killing their uncle Baron Bedlam . In the fourth season , Young Justice : Phantoms , Halo considers converting to Islam as Daou 's faith was important to her , starts identifying as non-binary , and begins to reconsider their feelings towards Markov and Row . As of the fourth season finale , Violet and Row have entered a relationship . This version of Halo 's abilities are as follows :
Violet : Healing , which can be used on both themselves and others , and passive self-resurrection .
Indigo : Boom-tube generation .
Blue : A blindingly bright light .
Green : Holograms .
Yellow : Concussive energy blasts that can also slice through objects if fired in a cutting motion .
Orange : Flight .
Red : Force field generation .
Rainbow : All available powers plus Anti-Life Equation healing .
Film
An alternate universe version of Halo called Aurora appears in the animated film Justice League : Crisis on Two Earths . They are a member of the Crime Syndicate of America whose powers function similarly to a Green Lantern 's .
References
External links
DCU Guide : Halo
DCU Guide : Halo Chronology
Outsiders Chronology Project : Volume Five
Fictional extraterrestrial–human hybrids in comics
Comics characters introduced in 1983
Characters created by Mike W. Barr
Characters created by Jim Aparo
DC Comics extraterrestrial superheroes
DC Comics female superheroes
DC Comics LGBT superheroes
DC Comics characters with accelerated healing
DC Comics metahumans
Fictional characters with spirit possession or body swapping abilities
Fiction about resurrection
Fictional characters with amnesia
The ancient Kingdom of Awsān ( ) in South Arabia , modern-day Yemen , with a capital at Ḥajar Yaḥirr in Wādī Markhah , to the south of Wādī Bayḥān , is now marked by a tell or artificial mound , which is locally named Ḥajar Asfal . Once it was one of the most important small kingdoms of South Arabia . The city seems to have been destroyed in the 7th century BCE by the king and Mukarrib of Saba ' Karab El Watar , according to a Sabaean text that reports the victory in terms that attest to its significance for the Sabaeans .
History
First impressions in the mid-1990s , based on ceramics found by M. Saad Ayoub at the unexcavated site , date a resurgence of the city to the end of the 2nd century BCE lasting until the beginning of the 1st century CE ( which corresponds quite well to the epigraphic data attesting the only deified South Arabian king that was just the king of Awsān precisely around this time ) . About 160,000 m² were encircled by walls , and the foundations of dwellings built of fired brick have been noted . Culture depended on annual flood irrigation in spring and summer , when flash floods down the wadis temporarily flooded the fields , leaving light silt that has since been wind-eroded , revealing the ancient patterns of fields and ditches . Radiocarbon dating of irrigation sediments in the environs suggest that essential irrigation was abandoned in the first half of the 1st century CE , and the population dispersed . This time the site was never rebuilt .
Ḥajar Yaḥirr was the center of an exceptionally large city for South Arabia , influenced by Hellenistic culture , with temples and a palace structure surrounded by mudbrick dwellings , with a probable site for a souq or market and a caravanserai serving camel caravans . One of its kings at this period was the only Yemeni ruler to be accorded divine honours ; their surviving portrait statuette is dressed in Greek fashion , contrasting with those of their predecessors who are dressed in Arabian style , with kilt and shawl . There are Awsān inscriptions , in the Qatabānian language .
The siting of Ḥajar Yaḥirr is consistent with other capitals of petty kingdoms , at the mouths of large wādīs : Ma ` īn in the Wādī al-Jawf , Ma'rib in Wādī Dana , Timna in Wādī Bayhān , and Shabwah in Wādī 'Irmah .
External links
Télédetection archéologique dans la Wadi Markha ( in French )
Caravan Kingdoms : Yemen and the Ancient Incense Trade Freer Gallery , Washington , 2005 . Exhibition of archeological objects from Yemen , setting Awsan in context . Catalogue .
Robert Hoyland , Arabia and the Arabs : From the Bronze Age to the Coming of Islam ( series Ancient Peoples )
Freya Stark and Jane Geniesse The Southern Gates of Arabia : A Journey in the Hadhramaut
Ancient history of Yemen
Awsan
Awsan
South Arabia
The Old World flycatchers are a large family , the Muscicapidae , of small passerine birds mostly restricted to the Old World ( Europe , Africa and Asia ) . These are mainly small arboreal insectivores , many of which , as the name implies , take their prey on the wing . The family includes 344 species and is divided into 51 genera .
Taxonomy
The name Muscicapa for the family was introduced by the Scottish naturalist John Fleming in 1822 . The word had earlier been used for the genus Muscicapa by the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson in 1760 . Muscicapa comes from the Latin musca meaning a fly and capere to catch .
In 1910 the German ornithologist Ernst Hartert found it impossible to define boundaries between the three families Muscicapidae , Sylviidae ( Old World warblers ) and Turdidae ( thrushes ) . They therefore treated them as subfamilies of an extended flycatcher family that also included Timaliidae ( Old World babblers ) and Monarchidae ( Monarch flycatchers ) . Forty years later a similar arrangement was adopted by the American ornithologists Ernst Mayr and Dean Amadon in an article published in 1951 . Their large family Muscicapidae which they termed the `` primitive insect eaters '' contained 1460 species divided into eight subfamilies . The use of the extended group was endorsed by a committee set up following the Eleventh International Ornithological Congress held in Basel in 1954 . Subsequent DNA–DNA hybridization studies by Charles Sibley and others showed that the subfamilies were not closely related to one another . As a result , the large group was broken up into a number of separate families , although for a while most authorities continued to retain the thrushes in Muscicapidae . In 1998 the American Ornithologists ' Union chose to treat the thrushes as a separate family in the seventh edition of their Check-list of North American birds and subsequently most authors have followed their example .
Description
The appearance of these birds is very varied , but they mostly have weak songs and harsh calls . They are small to medium birds , ranging from 9 to 22 cm in length . Many species are dull brown in colour , but the plumage of some can be much brighter , especially in the males . Most have broad , flattened bills suited to catching insects in flight , although the few ground-foraging species typically have finer bills .
Old World flycatchers live in almost every environment with a suitable supply of trees , from dense forest to open scrub , and even the montane woodland of the Himalayas . The more northerly species migrate south in winter , ensuring a continuous diet of insects .
Depending on the species , their nests are either well-constructed cups placed in a tree or cliff ledge , or simply lining in a pre-existing tree hole . The hole-nesting species tend to lay larger clutches , with an average of eight eggs , rather than just two to five .
Genera
The family formerly included fewer species . At the time of the publication of the third edition of Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World in 2003 , the genera Myophonus , Alethe , Brachypteryx and Monticola were included in Turdidae . Subsequent molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that the species in these four genera are more closely related to species in Muscicapidae . As a consequence , these four genera are now placed here . In contrast , the genus Cochoa which was previously placed in Muscicapidae has been shown to belong in Turdidae .
Two large molecular phylogenetic studies of species within Muscicapidae published in 2010 showed that the genera Fraseria , Melaenornis and Muscicapa were non-monophyletic . The authors were unable to propose revised genera as not all the species were sampled and not all the nodes in their phylogenies were strongly supported . A subsequent study published in 2016 , that included 37 of the 42 Muscicapini species , confirmed that the genera were non-monophyletic and proposed a reorganised arrangement of the species with several new or resurrected genera .
List of genera
Muscicapid genera as listed by the International Ornithologists ' Union with subdivisions proposed by George Sangster and colleagues in 2010 : For a complete list of species , see `` List of Old World flycatcher species '' .
Family Muscicapidae
Alethe
Subfamily Muscicapinae ( Fleming , 1822 )
Tribe Copsychini ( Sundevall , 1872 )
Cercotrichas – scrub robins
Copsychus – magpie-robins or shamas
Tribe Muscicapini ( Fleming , 1822 )
Fraseria – forest flycatchers
Myioparus – tit-flycatchers
Melaenornis
Empidornis – single species : silverbird
Muscicapa
Subfamily Niltavinae ( Sangster , Alström , Forsmark and Olsson , 2010 )
Leucoptilon – single species : white-tailed flycatcher
Anthipes
Cyornis
Niltava
Cyanoptila
Eumyias
Sholicola
Subfamily Erithacinae ( G.R . Gray , 1846 ) – African forest robin assemblage
Erithacus – single species : European robin
Chamaetylas – ( 4 species )
Cossyphicula – single species : white-bellied robin-chat
Cossypha – robin-chats
Xenocopsychus – single species : Angola cave chat
Swynnertonia – single species : Swynnerton 's robin
Pogonocichla – single species : white-starred robin
Stiphrornis – single species : forest robin
Sheppardia – akalats
Cichladusa – palm thrushes
Subfamily Saxicolinae ( Vigors , 1825 )
Heinrichia – single species : great shortwing
Leonardina – single species : Bagobo babbler
Heteroxenicus – single species : Gould 's shortwing
Brachypteryx – shortwings
Vauriella
Larvivora
Luscinia – nightingales and relatives
Irania – single species : white-throated robin
Calliope
Myiomela
Tarsiger – bush robins and bluetails
Enicurus – forktails
Myophonus – whistling thrushes
Cinclidium – single species : blue-fronted robin
Ficedula – flycatchers
Phoenicurus – redstarts
Monticola – rock thrushes
Saxicola – stonechats and chats
Campicoloides – single species : buff-streaked chat
Emarginata
Pinarochroa – single species : moorland chat
Thamnolaea – cliff chats
Myrmecocichla
Oenanthe – wheatears
Subfamily not determined
Namibornis – single species : Herero chat
Humblotia – single species : Humblot 's flycatcher
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Old World flycatcher videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Taxa named by John Fleming ( naturalist )
Branca of Portugal ( 1198 – Guadalajara , c. 1240 ; ; ) was a Portuguese infanta ( princess ) , eighth child of Portuguese King Sancho I and Dulce of Aragon , was probably the twin sister of Berengaria , they were raised in the court with their father and their mistress `` a Ribeirinha '' and , when they were eight or ten years old , was sent to live with their sisters at the Monastery of Lorvão . They were a nun at a convent in Guadalajara and was interred at the Monastery of Santa Cruz in Coimbra where their mother was buried .
Ancestry
References
Bibliography
1198 births
1240 deaths
Dominican nuns
House of Burgundy-Portugal
Portuguese infantas
13th-century Portuguese nuns
Arden 's Garden is an Atlanta-based family-owned juice company founded in 1995 . It has 16 stores in Atlanta and sells bottled juices in 7 states : Georgia , Florida , Alabama , Virginia , Tennessee and both North and South Carolina . The company had nearly $ 3 million in sales in 2011 .
Origins
Arden Zinn decided to start selling home-made juice in 1994 , two years after having purchased an expensive Norwalk juicer and making juices for their family and friends . Before sales began to pick up in earnest , disappointment set in as it became clear that the short shelf-life of the home-made juices limited company prospects , a family friend suggested that Zinn peddle their products at local hair salons . The suggestion worked and Arden 's Garden was born .
Commercial battle with Coca-Cola
In 2003 , Arden 's Garden 's largest customer , the national chain Publix , removed the juice from its shelves in favor of Odwalla , a national brand owned by industry giant Coca-Cola . Leslie Zinn shot off an email to their close friends which snowballed into a 3,000-strong letter-writing campaign to demand that Publix reinstate Arden 's Garden as its juice supplier . In response to the tremendous negative feedback , Publix dropped Odwalla and not only put Arden 's Garden back on its shelves but expanded the line to another 200 stores .
References
Juice brands
Companies based in Atlanta
1995 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Food and drink companies established in 1995
Products introduced in 1995
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1999 : .
1999
See also
1999 in Hong Kong
Notes
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1999 at HKcinemamagic.com
1999
Hong Kong
1999 in Hong Kong
Fredrik Widgren ( born 4 June 1994 ) is a swedish martial artist who represents their native country Sweden in sport jujitsu ( JJIF ) .
Career
When they were 6 years they visited for first time fighting club in Nacka near Stockholm where their older Sara was already training sport jujitsu . They began training sport jujitsu at age of 8 . They have been trained by famous swedish jutsuka Ricard Carneborn . They are member of swedish ju-jitsu team since 2011 . In 2019 they won world title ( JJIF ) in Abu Dhabi in discipline Fighting System , category −77 kg .
Results
Links
References
1994 births
Living people
Swedish martial artists
World Games bronze medalists
Competitors at the 2017 World Games
People from Nacka Municipality
Sportspeople from Stockholm County
{ { safesubst : # invoke : RfD||2=Reality shift|month = September
|day = 13
|year = 2022
|time = 16:17
|timestamp = 20220913161726
|content=
REDIRECT Plane ( esotericism )
} }
Paralcaligenes is a genus of bacteria from the family of Alcaligenaceae .
References
Further reading
Burkholderiales
Bacteria genera
Twentieth Century Impressions was a series of travel , political and social reference books published by Lloyds Greater Britain Publishing Company in London between 1901 and 1914 . The full titles were typically styled as Twentieth Century Impressions of [ country name ] : Its history , people , commerce , industries and resources .
Arnold Wright ( 1858-1941 ) was editor-in-chief or author of most of the range of titles . In most cases the books were over 600 pages in length ( some over 800 ) . Wright was an enthusiast for colonialism , in the decade before the First World War . In most of the earlier volumes , H. A. Cartwright and O. Breakspear were assistants . In the volumes closer to 1914 , Wright was designated as the Historian for a volume . Reginald Lloyd was also designated as Director in Chief of the later publications .
Argentina
The Argentina title was published in 1911 - Twentieth Century Impressions of Argentina . Its history , people , commerce , industries , and resources . Director-in-Chief : Reginald Lloyd ... Editors : W. Feldwick ... Oliver T. Breakspear , L. T. Delaney ... Historian : Arnold Wright . [ With illustrations . ] London : Lloyd 's Greater Britain Publishing Co .
Brazil
The Brazil title was published in 1913 Twentieth century impressions of Brazil : its history , people , commerce , industries , and resources . Director-in-Chief : Reginald Lloyd ... Editors : W. Feldwick ... L. T. Delaney ... Historian : Arnold Wright . [ With illustrations . ] London : Lloyd 's Greater Britain Publishing Co .
Burma
The Burma title was first published in 1910 , and reprinted by White Lotus Press in Thailand .
Canada
Twentieth century impressions of Canada ; its history , people , commerce , industries , and resources by Henry J. Boam was published in 1914 .
Ceylon
The Ceylon ( Sri Lanka ) title was first published in 1907 .
Egypt
The title about Egypt is dated 1901 - Twentieth Century Impressions of Egypt . Its history , people , commerce , industries and resources . Editor-in-chief : A. Wright ... Assistant editor : H. A. Cartwright . [ With illustrations . ] London : Lloyd 's Greater Britain Publishing Co .
Hong Kong , Shanghai and Treaty Ports
The spread of the 1908 title was beyond Hong Kong and included Shanghai and other treaty ports such as Japan , Taiwan , and Korea . A manuscript copy of this book is held at the National Library of Australia .
Netherlands East Indies
In 1909 , the volume about the Netherlands East Indies ( Indonesia ) was published .
British Malaya
The British Malaya ( Malaysia ) title was published in 1908 . It has been reprinted in an abridged facsimile form by Brash
Siam
The Siam ( Thailand ) book was originally published in London in 1903 , with a reprint in 1908 .
Uruguay
The Uruguay Book was published in 1912 - Twentieth Century Impressions of Uruguay . Its history , people , commerce , industries , and resources . Director-in-Chief : Reginald Lloyd ... Editors : W. Feldwick ... L. T. Delaney ... Historian : Arnold Wright . London : Lloyd 's Greater Britain Publishing Co. , 1912. < ref > This book does not show up in major library collection catalogues and it appears not have been made into facsimile edition - Amazon 's comment on its entry is Out of Print and Limited availability. < /ref >
Western Australia
In Western Australia , the publisher was also the author - P.W.H Thiel .
It was extensively reviewed .
A digitised version is available from the NLA . It was also reprinted by Hesperian Press in 2000 .
West Indies
The last in the series appears to be the West Indies title - Twentieth Century Impressions of the West Indies . Their history , people , commerce , industries , and resources . Director-in-chief : Reginald Lloyd ... Editors : W. Feldwick ... L. T. Delaney ... Historian : José Plá Cárceles.London : Lloyds Greater Britain Publishing Co. , 1914 .
Dropping of Twentieth Century ..
In 1914 , there is record of Wright being involved in the publishing of a book with only the second part of the title of earlier series ; - Southern India : its history , people , commerce , and industrial resources '' compiled by Somerset Playne , assisted by J.W . Bond . Edited by Arnold Wright : London , 1914-1915 .
References
External links
HathiTrust
Internet Archive
Books about countries
Series of books
Sir ( William ) Henry Garrioch ( 4 May 1916 – 18 February 2008 ) was the acting governor-general of Mauritius from 31 October 1977 until 23 March 1978 .
Legal career
Garrioch joined the Colonial Service in 1936 and was subsequently appointed a First Grade Clerk in 1946 , when they were picked to be a judge 's secretary . They became the secretary of Justice Georges Espitalier-Noël , who was able to persuade Chief Justice Sir Francis Herchenroder that Garrioch should be encouraged to embrace a legal career .
Garrioch took the advice and won the Colonial Scholarship enabling them to complete their studies in law in the United Kingdom . They were called to the Bar at Gray 's Inn and to the Mauritian Bar in 1952 .
On their return to Mauritius , Garrioch was immediately appointed to the post of Crown Counsel , at a time in the 1950s when it was the Chief Justice who advised the Governor on the appointment of Law Officers and District Magistrates . The established practice at that time was that members of the bar who were to join the public service had to first be appointed district magistrates ; only those thought to be of the highest caliber were then transferred to the Attorney-General 's Office .
Garrioch moved up in the office to become Director of Public Prosecutions , which at the time was higher in the legal hierarchy than Solicitor-General . They were made a Judge of the Supreme Court in 1967 .
Mauritian constitution and role in independence
In 1963 , when the Colonial Secretary dispatched their Chief Legal Adviser , Anthony Rushford Q.C. , in order to finalize the draft of what was to become the Mauritian constitution of 1964 ( which was to be the basis for their Independence Constitution of 1967 ) , Rushford asked Mauritius to provide the services of its best legislative draftsman to be their counterpart . The Mauritian authorities selected Garrioch , who spent several weeks at Le Réduit to finalize the draft before it went to Them Majesty in Council .
Following Sir Maurice Latour-Adrien 's retirement Henry Garrioch was appointed Chief Judge of Mauritius on 20 April 1977 at the age of 61 . When Sir Raman Osman retired as Governor-General of Mauritius at the end of October 1977 , Garrioch was appointed acting Governor General , in line with the tradition of making the Chief Judge serve as chief administrator of the government .
Honours
Garrioch was knighted on 31 December 1977 .
References
Governors-General of Mauritius
1916 births
2008 deaths
Mauritian people of English descent
Chief justices of Mauritius
Knights Bachelor
Mauritian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Mauritian Knights Bachelor
20th-century Mauritian judges
Exclusivism is the practice of being exclusive ; mentality characterized by the disregard for opinions and ideas which are different from one 's own , or the practice of organizing entities into groups by excluding those entities which possess certain traits .
Religious exclusivism
Religious exclusivism , one of the three classic typologies created by Alan Race in order to describe religions relative to one another , states that one religion , to the exclusion of all others , has the correct understanding of God , truth and salvation and eternal paradise is contingent on one 's belief in the core tenets of that religion . Diana Eck states , ‘ Exclusivism is more than simply a conviction about the transformative power of the particular vision one has ; it is a conviction about its finality and its absolute priority over competing views ' . While it was originally used to define Christianity , exclusivism can apply to any religious belief system , as can Race 's other two categories inclusivism and pluralism . In their 1982 Christians and Religious Pluralism , Race defined pluralism as all religions being equally beneficial , with no single religion dominating . Inclusivism attempts to straddle the poles of pluralism and exclusivism by agreeing with the latter that one religion ( Christianity ) has the most value , and agreeing with the former by stating that other religions still have significant value . While Race 's three categories have been criticized , amended and refuted , most religious studies and interfaith scholars and students find the typologies useful as a starting point for conversations about the diversity of religions .
Basic Three-point typology
Pluralism
Pluralism was borne out of a criticism of exclusivism , saying that no single tradition has a monopoly on revelation or salvation , and that we have no way to judge between the salvific claims by adherents of any faith tradition . Paul Hedges suggests that each religion knows `` transcendent reality ( `` God '' ) yet in partial perspective '' , much like the oft-quoted parable of the seven blind men and the elephant . Gavin D'Costa says pluralists have two main critiques of exclusivists : that they do not know their own scriptures well enough , and people of other religions are good and loving . Alvin Plantinga says that pluralist 's problem with exclusivism stems from its immorality and arrogance . They quote William Cantwell Smith : `` Except at the cost of insensitivity or delinquency , it is morally not possible actually to go out into the world and say to devout , intelligent , fellow human beings : '…we believe that we know God and we are right ; you believe that you know God , and you are totally wrong . ' '' Along with Smith , the leading proponent of pluralism is John Hick , who writes :
It is worth noting that D'costa argued persuasively that logically , pluralism can no longer be considered a category ; when it makes a declarative truth claim , it becomes another form of exclusivism .
Inclusivism
A specific form of Christian inclusivism holds that , while Christianity is true , other truths can be found in fragments within other religions . Karl Rahner states it succinctly : `` Insofar as they in good conscience practice what is good in their religion , people in other religions receive God 's grace and are 'anonymous Christians ' , people who are being saved through Christ , though they do not realize it . '' Inclusivists point to the biblical parable of the sheep and the goats in which the saved sheep show surprise at being rewarded for their service to Jesus ( Matthew 25 : 31-40 )
Exclusivism in Christianity and other religions
According to Race , the history of the Abrahamic faiths ' exclusivism – as well as inclusivism – goes back to the words of the Bible and the Quran . Christian exclusivists point to the gospel of John ( 14 : 6 ) , which quotes Jesus as saying , `` I am the way and the truth and the life . No one comes to the Father except through me '' . After Jesus ' death , their disciple Peter said publicly , `` Salvation is found in no one else , for there is no other name under heaven given to humankind by which we must be saved '' ( Acts 4:12 ) . Likewise , the Quran ( 3:85 ) states , `` If anyone desires a religion other than Islam ( submission to Allah ) , never will it be accepted of him ; and in the Hereafter They will be in the ranks of those who have lost ( all spiritual good ) '' . While Judaism does not stress salvation , the First Commandment ( Exodus 20:3 ) is `` You shall have no other gods before me '' . Race says , `` The tension between Christian experience and the recognition of potential authentic practice outside of the Christian revelation , in fact has always existed in Christian history from the beginning , from the words of Jesus themselves in the gospel of Luke : in 9:50 they say , 'He who is not against us is for us ' '' . Daniel Strange points out what Race neglects to mention that in the same gospel ( 11:23 ) Jesus says , `` He who is not with me is against me '' .
No salvation outside the Church
The exclusivist idea of `` no salvation outside of the Christian church '' ( extra Ecclesiam nulla salus ) has roots as early as Origen in the third century . While the Bible speaks about many topics of inclusion , diversity and tolerance in both the Old and New Testament – attitudes toward the alien and stranger ; the hope of Christians being drawn from all nations and languages ; God 's universal care and sustaining of creation ; the universal scope of the gospel and the universal mandate to take the gospel to the nations – the overwhelming feeling in the Church throughout most of its history mimics that of the Council of Florence in 1422 : `` The Council firmly believes , professes and proclaims that those not living within the Catholic Church , not only pagans , but Jews , heretics and schismatics , can not participate in eternal life , but will depart into everlasting fire which has been prepared for the devil and their angels . '' Martin Luther continued the exclusivist theological bent : `` For where Christ is not preached , there is no Holy Spirit to create , call and gather the Christian Church , and outside it no one can come to the Lord Christ . '' The door in the exclusivist castle opened a crack during the 20th century missionary movement , when Dutch missiologist Hendrik Kraemer wrote that Jesus is the one who has the complete authority to judge other religions ' efficacy . Highlighting a unique contemporary take on the salvation problem , Strange introduces George Lindbeck 's contention that those who do not know the Bible can not be condemned for their lack of knowledge .
New wave of exclusivism
Mara Brecht states that the problem with classic exclusivism is that it deals mainly with Christianity and salvation ( or ‘ top down ' ) . They highlight the work of the ‘ New Wave of exclusivism , ' led by Griffiths , D'costa and Netland , who employ a ‘ bottom up ' approach to religious diversity . New Wave Exclusivists focus more on the religious believers ' ‘ ways of knowing and understanding of religious beliefs as expressive truth , ' resulting in a broader possibility for interfaith engagement . For example , Netland sets aside comparing religions ' salvation when they say dialogue should focus on the most important question all religions deal with – the question of truth . Brecht reaches the conclusion that exclusivism is tenable for Christians – and by extension other religious believers – if believers come into contact with believers of other religions who can possibly ‘ defeat ' their own , so they can have something to base their truth claims on . Brecht says , ‘ Practically , this means that , for example , reflective Christians will consider their beliefs to be as probable as alternatives from within their own tradition , somewhat more probable than the relevant alternatives from within Judaism and considerably more probable than Buddhist alternatives . In other words , believers will weigh their beliefs against other beliefs . '
Divisions of exclusivism
Douglas Pratt further defines exclusivism , dividing it into three subdivisions – open , closed and extreme . Citing t'Hooft and Kraemer , Pratt says open exclusivism , while never ceding the superior position , ‘ may at least be amenably disposed toward the other , ' if only in order to know Them well enough for possible conversion . The relationship is not entered into on equal ground , therefore , nor with the openness to a significant reciprocal change of self-identity . If dialogue is entered into , it is only for mutual edification and an increase in good will . Closed exclusivism offers no chance for a relationship , other than acknowledging the other 's right to exist . An extreme , hard-line exclusivism often leads to a fundamentalist perspective . Pratt writes , ‘ Fundamentalism , as a mindset , is a mentality that expresses the modern quest for universality and coherence writ large : only one truth ; one authority ; one authentic narrative that accounts for all ; one right way to be . ' The logical conclusion for this fundamentalist mindset is taking steps to eliminate the other , as one would a business competitor . Pratt writes , ‘ The negation of otherness is perhaps critical , for it involves a devaluing and dismissal of the `` other , '' whether in terms of rival community or competing alterities , ideological or otherwise . In the process of negating the other , the self is asserted as inherently superior . My God is greater than your god . '
Paul Moser posits two forms of exclusivism : logical religious exclusivism , which asserts that since the contradictory , foundational truth claims for each religion excludes some or many of them from being true ; and the doxastic redemptive exclusivism based on the Athanasian Creed , which states if a person does not believe the Christian concept of the Trinity , that person is condemned . Moser further believes that a God who would exclude people from salvation for neither hearing nor understanding the concept of the Trinity does not have a moral character , and is therefore undeserving of worship .
Exclusivism in other religions
While most attention of exclusivism points toward Christianity , many religions have a branch that falls into the exclusivist category . D'costa points out whether one considers oneself Buddhist or Hindu or Muslim – or indeed a pluralist – each version states that ‘ only one single revelation or one single religion is true and all other “ revelations ” or religions are false ' without providing any scriptural support for their claim . Many Hindus do worship other versions of God including Jesus and Allah . While acknowledging that historically , Christianity showed the most extreme forms of exclusivism , Pratt contends that many fundamentalist religions compete for that title , with Islam leading other worthy contenders in ways that are not always obvious . The purging of the Rohingya in Myanmar , is portrayed as an exclusivism of the Buddhist Traditions . One can not find any scriptural basis for such empty assertions .
In Ancient Greece
The Decree of Diopithes ( 430 BCE ) forbade the worship of and belief in gods other than those of the Olympian pantheon recognised by the Athenian polis . The introduction of other gods was treated as asebeia , or impiety , and was punishable by death . Several philosophers Anaxagoras , Protagoras , Socrates , Stilpo , Theodorus of Cyrene , Aristotle , and Theophrastus were accused of impiety under this decree . Socrates was found guilty of the charge of introducing new gods and condemned to death by drinking conium . Antiochus IV Epiphanes , Seleucid ruler of Israel , decided to Hellenize the Jews by ordering the worship of Zeus ; when they refused , Antiochus sent an army to enforce their decree .
According to Herodotus , the Caunians , a Greek people who claimed to have originated in Crete and settled in Asia Minor , worshiped the Olympian Gods exclusively . `` They determined that they would no longer make use of the foreign temples which had been established among them , but would worship their own old ancestral Gods alone . Then their whole youth took arms , and striking the air with their spears , marched to the Calyndic frontier , declaring that they were driving out the foreign Gods . ''
Plato , in their Laws , advocates that the state should punish those who deny the existence of the Olympian Gods or believe that the gods exist but think they are indifferent to humankind or can easily be bought by bribes .
Interpretatio graeca , the common tendency of ancient Greek writers to identify foreign divinities with members of their own pantheon , can be seen as a kind of exclusivism . The syncretism of the Hellenistic period whereby aspects of the cults of foreign Gods such as iconography and epithets , can also be seen as a kind of exclusivism .
Exclusivism and religious diversity in America
In a sociological survey of Americans and their relationship with religions other than Christianity , nearly 90 percent of respondents either strongly or somewhat agreed that “ religious diversity has been good for America , ” which reinforces the idea that Americans value diversity and religious freedom . However , respondents who identified in the exclusivist category or believed that the United States was a Christian nation displayed much more negative views and a decreased willingness to include other religious people in the lives of their community . Stephen Merino concludes , ‘ It may be that when many Americans think of “ religious diversity , ” they have only Christian diversity in mind . ' Nevertheless , they also provided research to back up their statement , ‘ Prior contact with non-Christians will be associated with more positive views of religious diversity and increased willingness to include non-Christians into social life . '
Exclusivism and truth
In answering the pluralist charge , and hearkening back to Netland , Brad Stetson baldly states , ‘ It is possible exclusivism is true . ' It is this statement , they say , that upsets pluralists who charge exclusivists with arrogance and bad form . ‘ It is simply not true , as pluralists imply , that disagreeing with someone [ … ] about religious truth is tantamount to treating them badly . [ … ] [ a ] n exclusivist claim about religious truth is not defeated strictly because such claims are believed to militate against human harmony and peace . ' In addition , Hick , Smith and other pluralists balk at the idea that an all-loving God would condemn some people to hell , nor that anyone actually deserves to be damned ; they then quotes CS Lewis : ‘ The doors of hell are locked on the inside . '
References
Philosophical theories
Religious ethics
Fundamentalism
Yherland McDonald ( born 6 September 1986 in Costa Rica ) is a Costa Rican retired footballer .
References
Living people
Costa Rican footballers
1986 births
Association football forwards
Association football wingers
Association football midfielders
Fredrikstad FK players
Brujas FC players
Bodianus rubrisos , the red-sashed hogfish or morsecode pigfish , is a species of wrasse native to tropical and warm temperate waters of the Indo-West Pacific , particularly Japan , Taiwan and Indonesia . It has been recorded off Australia at Scott Reef in Western Australia and in the Arafura Sea off the Northern Territory . The specific name is a compound of the Latin rubri meaning `` red '' and the letters s , o and s , a reference to the dot and dash morse code like colour pattern which is distinctive for this species .
References
Further reading
RANDALL , JOHN E. , and BENJAMIN C. VICTOR . `` Bodianus atrolumbus ( Valenciennes 1839 ) , a valid species of labrid fish from the southwest Indian Ocean . ''
External links
rubrisos
Fish described in 2006
Jason Nemes ( born March 27 , 1978 ) is an American politician who has served in the Kentucky House of Representatives from the 33rd district since 2017 .
References
1978 births
Living people
Members of the Kentucky House of Representatives
Kentucky Republicans
People from Louisville , Kentucky
American people of Hungarian descent
21st-century American politicians
`` I Got a Feeling '' is a song written by Baker Knight and performed by Ricky Nelson . The song reached # 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 and # 27 in the UK in 1958 .
The song is ranked # 67 on Billboard magazine 's Top 100 songs of 1958 .
References
1958 songs
1958 singles
Songs written by Baker Knight
Ricky Nelson songs
Imperial Records singles
This is a detailed list of Palestinian rocket and mortar attacks on Israel in 2017 . The Israeli military reported that 35 rockets and mortars were launched from the Gaza Strip in 2017 , the vast majority of them in December . All of the attacks originated in the Gaza Strip , unless stated otherwise . For information pertaining to the wider conflict , see Arab–Israeli conflict and Israeli–Palestinian conflict . This list does not include reports of deaths and injuries caused by Palestinian rocket and mortar attacks that fell within Gaza .
In August 2014 , Operation Protective Edge was ended after 4,594 rockets and mortars launched toward Israel . From the end of the operation came into force an unofficial cease-fire between Israel and Hamas .
February
February 6
Around 9am , one rocket was fired from Gaza at Israel . It fell inside Israel in an open area in Hof Ashkelon Regional Council .
February 8
Around 11pm , a barrage of rockets was fired from Sinai at Israel . The Iron Dome defense system intercepted at least 3 rockets over Eilat .
February 20
Around 10am , 2 rockets were fired from Sinai at Israel . fell inside Israel in an open area in Eshkol Regional Council .
February 27
Around 13pm , one rocket was fired from Gaza at Israel . It fell inside Israel in an open area in the Negev .
March
March 15
Around 10pm , one rocket was fired from Gaza at Israel . It fell inside Israel in an open area in the Negev .
March 18
Around 10am , two rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel . One landed short in Gaza , and one fell inside Israel in an open area in the Hof Ashkelon Regional Council .
April
April 10
Around 3pm , one rocket was fired from Sinai at Israel . It fell inside Israel in an open area in the Eshkol Regional Council .
May
May 23
Around 8am , one rocket was fired from Sinai at Israel . It fell inside Israel in an open area in the Negev .
June
June 26
Around 11pm , one rocket was fired from Gaza at Israel . It fell inside Israel in an open area in the Sha'ar Hanegev Regional Council . .
July
July 23
Around 1am , one rocket was fired from Gaza at Israel . It fell inside Israel in an open area in the Sha'ar Hanegev Regional Council .
July 24
Around 1am , one rocket was fired from Gaza at Israel . It fell inside Israel in an open area in the Eshkol Regional Council .
August
August 8
In the August terrorism report by Shabak , it was said that in August there had been one rocket attack from Gaza .
Around 9pm , one rocket was fired from Gaza at Israel . It fell inside Israel in an open area near the city of Ashkelon .
October
In the August terrorism report by Shin Bet , it was said that in October there had been one rocket attack from Sinai .
November
November 30
Around 6:30pm , a barrage of 12 mortars were fired from Gaza at Israeli forces near the Gaza border . The IDF retaliated by striking Hamas positions . Later IDF assessments indicated that the mortars were fired by Palestinian Islamic Jihad .
December
December 7
Around 6pm , on the evening Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh made calls for a third Intifada the day after the United States declared Jerusalem the capital of Israel , media reports a total of 7 rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel . The first fell inside Israel in an open area near the city of Ashkelon . The IDF retaliated by striking Hamas positions .
December 8
Around 7pm , 4 rockets were fired from Gaza towards Israel , 1 rocket landed short in Gaza , 1 was intercepted by the Iron Dome defense system and 2 rockets landed in the city of Sderot causing damage to a kindergarten and several vehicles . The IDF retaliated by striking Hamas positions killing 2 Hamas members and injuring 25 more Palestinians .
December 11
Around 7pm , 4 rockets were fired from Gaza towards Israel , 2 rockets landed short in Gaza , 2 rockets landed in open areas near the border fence . The IDF retaliated by striking Hamas positions .
Around 11:30pm , 1 rocket was fired from Gaza towards Israel and was intercepted by the Iron Dome . The IDF retaliated by striking Hamas positions .
December 12
Around 7pm , 1 rocket was fired from Gaza towards Israel , it landed short in Gaza .
Around 11pm , 1 rocket was fired from Gaza towards Israel , it landed in an open area in the Hof Ashkelon Regional Council , No damage or injuries were caused . The IDF retaliated by striking Hamas positions .
December 13
Around 8:30pm , 4 rockets were fired from Gaza towards Israel , 2 rockets were intercepted by the Iron Dome , 1 rocket landed in an open area in the Eshkol Regional Council and 1 rocket landed short in Gaza . The IDF retaliated by striking Hamas positions .
December 15
A rocket had been fired from Gaza , but it hit within Gaza hitting a residential building
December 17
Around 9pm , 2 rockets fired from Gaza towards Israel landed in Hof Ashkelon Regional Council causing damage to a home . The IDF retaliated by striking 6 Hamas positions .
December 21
On the 21st , Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories reported that a mortar , fired toward Israel from Gaza , hit a civilian home in the Gaza Strip .
December 29
Around 12pm , 3 rockets were fired from Gaza towards Israel , 2 were intercepted by the Iron Dome , 1 rocket fell in the area of Nachal Oz causing damage to a public building . The IDF assessed that the mortars were fired by Palestinian Islamic Jihad .
See also
ISIL rocket attacks on Turkey ( 2016 )
References
Hamas
Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine
Rocket weapons of Palestine
Terrorist incidents in Israel in 2017
Israeli–Palestinian conflict-related lists
Palestinian terrorism
2017 in Israel
Terrorist attacks attributed to Palestinian militant groups
Gaza–Israel conflict
Palestinian_rocket_attacks_on_Israel
District 39 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes a portion of Clackamas County . The current representative for the district is Republican James Hieb , after Christine Drazan of Canby resigned .
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time , therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Clackamas County , Oregon
Cold Prey 2 : Resurrection ( ) is a 2008 Norwegian slasher film , directed by Mats Stenberg . It is the sequel to the highly successful Cold Prey ( Fritt Vilt ) , and premiered in Norway on 10 October 2008 . Written by Roar Uthaug and again starring Ingrid Bolsø Berdal in the leading role , this film picks up where the first left off . The female protagonist is picked up in the wilderness and brought to a hospital , but soon their nightmare starts all over again . Reviewers , though not overwhelmed , declared it a surprisingly good sequel to the original . Its opening weekend was the best for any Norwegian movie in history .
Plot
Jannicke ( Berdal ) , the only survivor from the massacre depicted in the previous movie , is found in Jotunheimen and brought to a hospital in Otta . They receive good care , but they are still traumatized from their ordeal . At the hospital they speak with the police and informs them of the location of the bodies , including that of the killer mountain man . Jannicke also speaks with and befriends a young boy , Daniel , who is a patient as well .
The police discover several bodies in the crevice Jannicke described ; one of them is the body of the mountain man , apparently dead . The police transport all the bodies back to the hospital for autopsies . Kindly doctor Camilla informs Jannicke of this , and Jannicke attacks the mountain man 's apparently dead body before being restrained .
While a nurse is cataloging the mountain man 's clothes , they begin to stir . The staff frantically work to revive the man ; when Jannicke hears this they are desperate to stop them , but the staff sedate them despite Camilla 's objection . The doctors revive the mountain man , who appears to be in a coma . However , some time later they awaken and murders the police officer who was guarding him .
Meanwhile , the police chief has been researching old files of disappearances , and they discover that the mountain man has been killing people on the mountain for decades . The man was a disturbed , violent child whose parents owned the mountain hotel . The police return to the crevice and find many more , older bodies .
At the hospital , the mountain man commences a killing spree across the hospital , while Jannicke awakens , finds Daniel and Camilla , and eventually locks the mountain man in the basement . By the time the trio reaches the exit , the police have arrived . Daniel is taken safely away by their mother .
The officers order Jannicke and Camilla to remain outside while they go in to apprehend the ( apparently trapped ) mountain man . Heedless of Jannicke 's warnings , the officers enter the hospital and discover that the mountain man has knocked the basement door down . As they move to leave the hospital , the mountain man springs a trap and kills all of them but Ole , Camilla 's boyfriend , who is gravely wounded .
Seeing the flash of gunshots within the hospital , Jannicke demands to enter the hospital with the remaining officer , but before they can act , the mountain man attacks , wounding them and killing the officer . As the mountain man prepares to kill Camilla , they are shot and apparently killed by the dying Ole .
Jannicke comforts Camilla but turns to discover that the mountain man 's body has disappeared into the woods , presumably headed towards their lair in the abandoned hotel . The determined Jannicke resolves to return to the hotel to kill him , despite Camilla 's warning . Jannicke travels by snowmobile to the hotel , but they fall asleep as they wait for the mountain man 's return . When they awaken , they are standing behind them
After a brief and fierce struggle , the mountain man prepares to kill Jannicke , but they are suddenly shot in the back by the newly arrived Camilla . They grab Camilla by the head and begins to crush her , but Jannicke spears them through the heart with their own pickaxe . Although Camilla assures them that they are dead , Jannicke retrieves their shotgun and fires it point blank into the mountain man 's head .
Cast
Production
The first of the two Cold Prey-movies was extremely well received , and seen by 260,000 – a high number for Norway . One reviewer even described it as `` the best slasher flick '' of 2006 . For this reason the expectations on the sequel were high , and Ingrid Bolsø Berdal ( whose character was the only surviving member of the original cast ) emphasised the determination of everyone involved to make good film , not simply cash in on a mediocre sequel . Though they enjoyed the role , Berdal insisted that this would be the last installment .
Norsk Filmfond gave financial support to the project 4 February 2008 , and the new cast was announced 20 February . Mats Stenberg took over as director after Roar Uthaug , who had directed the first movie . Filming started in late February .
The shooting was eventful , with Berdal at one point suffering from food poisoning ; having to perform scenes in between throwing up . There were also lighter moments , with team members hiding in various rooms of the hotel where they were staying , doing their best to scare the others by jumping out wearing masks . While the outdoor scenes were filmed in the wild scenery of Jotunheimen and the village Otta , the scenes in the hospital were shot in Åslund hospital in Ås .
Reception
Norwegian reviewers were remarkably unanimous in their assessment of the film . All of the three major national newspapers gave it four out of six points . The consensus was that , even though the sequel did not quite live up to the original , it was still enjoyable and not disappointing . Morten Ståle Nilsen , writing for Verdens Gang , commented on the beautiful natural setting , and commended Berdal for managing to look both battered and sexy at the same time . Dagbladets Vegard Larsen declared themselves surprised that the sequel turned out as well as it did . Like Nilsen , they compared Berdal to Ellen Ripley , Sigourney Weaver 's character in the Alien-films . Per Haddal in Aftenposten concluded that the film failed to scare its audience as much as it intended , but they nevertheless complimented the solid handiwork .
The movie was seen by 101,564 people on its opening weekend , which was a new Norwegian record for a domestic movie . The previous record – of 70,952 – was set by Mors Elling in 2003 . The box-office success was largely the result of a massive marketing campaign in the weeks leading up to the movie 's release .
Anton Bitel of the Vodzilla.co gave the film 6 out of 10 . They praised its outside and inside scenery but said that it was lacking originality .
Home media
Cold Prey 2 was released on DVD on 23 April 2013 .
References
External links
Fritt Vilt II at the Norwegian Film Institute ( English )
2008 films
2008 horror films
2000s slasher films
2000s Norwegian-language films
Norwegian slasher films
Norwegian horror films
Films shot in Norway
Films set in Norway
Norwegian sequel films
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Comanche County , Oklahoma .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Comanche County , Oklahoma , United States . The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below , may be seen in a map .
There are 36 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county , including 1 National Historic Landmark .
Current listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Comanche County
Côte de la Montagne is a street in the Canadian city of Quebec City , Quebec . It climbs , in a winding fashion , Cap Diamant , connecting the Lower Town to the Upper Town . It begins at Rue Dalhousie in the east and ends at Rue Port Dauphine in the west . Directly opposite its western terminus is the building of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Quebec .
Part way up the hill , the Breakneck Stairs , built in the 17th century , connects the pedestrian with the Lower Town at Rue Sous-le-Fort and Rue du Petit-Champlain .
History
In 1620 , Samuel de Champlain , the city 's founder , built their home at the top of Cap Diamant . They then drew a road , côte de la Montagne , which still follows the same route today .
Gallery
References
External links
Streets in Quebec City
1620 establishments in the British Empire
Aodh Ó hEóthaigh , ( sometimes Anglicised as Hugh O'Neill ) was a bishop in Ireland during the 14th century : the incumbent at Tamlaght and the Chancellor of Armagh , they were Bishop of Clogher until their death on 27 July 1370 .
References
14th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
1370 deaths
Ōwhango was a station on the North Island Main Trunk line , in the Ruapehu District of New Zealand . It served the village of Ōwhango , which lay to the north of the station . It was north of Oio and south of Kakahi . The Public Works Department transferred the station to NZ Railways on 9 November 1908 , though bush had been felled along the railway route in 1904 , by March 1905 a station yard was being formed and by August 1905 it was the railhead , with track laid beyond to the south .
By 20 March 1908 there was a x passenger platform , a x shelter shed , with lobby and store , a tablet office , a loading bank , cattle yards and pens , a x goods shed with verandah , privies , urinals and 4 water tanks of each , with water supplied by a hydraulic ram . A 6th class station , cart approach to the platform and fixed signals were added by 10 November 1908 and a sheep yard in 1909 . In 1912 the platform was enlarged . In 1964 the timber platform front was renewed , but on 30 January 1965 the station building burnt down . By 21 July 1980 a building , with a brick veneer and a concrete floor , had replaced it .
By 20 March 1908 there was a passing loop for 48 wagons . In 1980 it was extended to an 82 wagon capacity . In 1910 a large timber mill and siding were built . Traffic in 1911 averaged 6 wagon loads a day . from 5 nearby sawmills , which cut matai , rimu and kahikatea .
Passenger traffic had ceased by 1976 . On 2 June 1985 Ōwhango closed to goods too , though the crossing loop remains in use .
References
External links
1979 photo of diesel shunter alongside platform and station building
Photo of 1980 station building in derelict state
Photo of DL Class passing on 17 February 2018
Railway stations in New Zealand
Ruapehu District
Rail transport in Manawatū-Whanganui
Buildings and structures in Manawatū-Whanganui
Railway stations opened in 1904
Railway stations closed in 1985
D'Orbigny 's chat-tyrant ( Ochthoeca oenanthoides ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae .
It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , and Peru .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland .
References
D'Orbigny 's chat-tyrant
Birds of the Puna grassland
D'Orbigny 's chat-tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
In 1973 the Ōkaihau district high school in the Far North District of New Zealand was granted Form 1-7 ( Year 7-13 ) status and became Okaihau College with Mr. Laurenson as first principal . At the same time a full primary school was completed around the Infant Block with Mr. N. Thomson becoming the first principal . At the end of 1973 there were 263 pupils attending the college and 219 at the primary school .
Since then , the school has grown to the larger roll of 427 pupils . The decile rating is 2 . Students are predominantly of Māori ( 67 % ) , and European ( 28 % ) descent .
The name `` Ōkaihau '' is a Māori name which means `` Feast of the winds '' , which is relevant to the location of the area on a ridge over 200 m above sea level . This part of New Zealand was originally a dense tree landscape , and even today large old trees such as the puriri are found in the area of the school . The puriri leaves and berries make up the college logo , and the schools motto is `` Harmony , Truth and Effort '' .
Staffing includes approximately 35 teachers and 25 support staff . The curriculum includes all the traditional subject areas up to NCEA Level 3 with an emphasis on performing arts and education out of the classroom . Over 90 % of students travel to school by bus , coming from an area bounded by Mangamuka Bridge , Motukiore , Ōhaeawai and Waimate North .
Okaihau College currently has four houses which are named after four native trees of New Zealand . These houses are :
Kauri
Rimu
Totara
Puriri
Each house competes for the inter-house championship each year . Each house is led by two senior captains who actively lead their house in events , including the annual swimming sports and athletics .
References
External links
Official Website
Secondary schools in the Northland Region
Scorcher is a 2002 science-fiction disaster film directed by James Seale and starring Mark Dacascos , John Rhys-Davies , Jeffrey Johnson , Tamara Davies , Mark Rolston , G.W . Bailey , Thomas F. Duffy , and Rutger Hauer . It was first released in the United States in 2002 . It concerns a group of scientists who discover , after a disastrous nuclear accident , that the Earth 's tectonic plates are shifting and creating immense pressure that will destroy the Earth in a fiery global eruption , and a few top scientists must find a way to stop it .
Plot
Renegade soldier Colonel Ryan Beckett ( Mark Dacascos ) is called in by the President of the United States ( Rutger Hauer ) to save the planet from imminent destruction after a Chinese nuclear-testing accidentally loosens the subterranean plates and exposes the Earth 's core , which threatens to bring `` Hell on Earth '' in just three days .
Beckett assembles a crack team to deliver and detonate not one , but two nuclear bombs that must go off simultaneously in the only place on the planet in which they will do any good at stopping the movement of the plates—Los Angeles . The city is evacuated in a panic , but Beckett 's teen daughter ( Rayne Marcus ) is abducted by a religious-fanatic pyromaniac , and Beckett must save them before they save the world . Meanwhile , Beckett strikes up a romance with Julie ( Tamara Davies ) , a scientist on their team , who is having a feud with their scientist father ( John Rhys-Davies ) , also on the team .
They are unaware that on the squad is the evil Kellaway ( Mark Rolston ) , who hates Beckett so much , they would let the planet blow up just to kill him . In the end , Faith ( Beckett 's daughter ) manages to get their hands on a cell phone and text messages them an SOS . Julie and they head to rescue her , and Beckett kills their insane kidnapper .
They need to find a hole deep enough to drop the device down a few hundred feet , and Faith knows of one in a subway station . They head there , but meanwhile , Kellaway murders the rest of the team ( except the pilot , who is waiting at the airport to fly them to safety ) and comes to stop them . Beckett ends up throwing them down the shaft with the device .
Beckett , Julie , and Faith head outside and are shocked to find that the pilot of the team has landed a presidential jet in the middle of the road . They were ordered to wait there for Kellaway , and flies them to safety as the two devices go off , destroying Los Angeles and stopping the movement of the plates just before it is too late .
Cast
Mark Dacascos as Colonel Ryan Beckett
Tamara Davies as Julie McGrath
John Rhys-Davies as Dr. Matthew Sallin
Mark Rolston as Special Agent Kellaway
Rutger Hauer as President Nelson
Cathleen Kaelyn as Tara Beckett
Rayne Marcus as Faith Beckett
G.W . Bailey as General Timothy Moore
Thomas F. Duffy as Anderson
Michael Jace as MacVaughn
Jeffrey Johnson as Styles
Billy Maddox as Norris
Alex Datcher as Janet Hill
Ivonne Coll as Mayor Salizar
Josh Hammond as Matt
Beth Riesgraf as Chrissy
Sam Lloyd as `` Fingers ''
Joel West as `` Zero ''
External links
Scorcher
Scorcher
Scorcher
2002 science fiction action films
CineTel Films films
Cold War films
2000s disaster films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Chinonyelum Pius “ Chinonye ” Ohadugha ( born 24 March 1986 ) is a Nigerian triple jumper .
In 2006 , they finished fourth at the Commonwealth Games . In 2007 , they won the silver medal at the All-Africa Games with a jump of 14.21 metres , a new Nigerian record . They did not reach the final round at the 2007 World Championships , but won the bronze medal at the 2008 African Championships . They competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final .
They also finished fifth in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 2005 Summer Universiade .
Competition record
References
External links
2006 Commonwealth Games bio
1986 births
Living people
Nigerian female triple jumpers
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Nigeria
Igbo sportspeople
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
African Games silver medalists for Nigeria
African Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Competitors at the 2005 Summer Universiade
Commonwealth Games competitors for Nigeria
Reedy Creek Energy Services ( RCES ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company . It operates the electric and other utility transmission and distribution systems of the Reedy Creek Improvement District ( RCID ) on behalf of the district which specifically covers Walt Disney World outside Orlando , Florida . Some power is produced by the district-owned power plant north of the Magic Kingdom with the remainder purchased from the public power grid . Officially the utility systems are owned by the district entity itself and the district `` contracts '' with RCES to operate the systems .
In addition to electric power , RCES handles all public services and public works for the RCID including water , natural gas , roadway maintenance , waste and recycling , sewage and wastewater treatment .
RCES is currently Disney 's only non-entertainment-related subsidiary . Until 2001 , Disney and Sprint owned Vista-United Telecommunications , a telephone company that served the RCID . That company has since been sold to Smart City Telecom .
Images
References
External links
Reedy Creek Improvement District- Utilities
Companies based in Orange County , Florida
Natural gas companies of the United States
Electric power companies of the United States
The Walt Disney Company subsidiaries
Reedy Creek Improvement District
Odesa Oblast is subdivided into districts ( raions ) which are subdivided into amalgamated territorial communities ( hromadas ) .
Current
On 18 July 2020 , the number of districts was reduced from 31 to seven ( now incorporating also the 5 formerly separate city municipalities ) . These are :
Berezivka ( Березівський район ) , the center is in the town of Berezivka ;
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi ( Білгород-Дністровський район ) , the center is in the town of Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi ;
Bolhrad ( Болградський район ) , the center is in the town of Bolhrad ;
Izmail ( Ізмаїльський район ) , the center is in the town of Izmail ;
Odesa ( Одеський район ) , the center is in the city of Odesa ;
Podilsk ( Подільський район ) , the center is in the town of Podilsk ;
Rozdilna ( Роздільнянський район ) , the center is in the town of Rozdilna .
Administrative divisions until 2020
Before July 2020 , Odesa Oblast was subdivided into 31 regions : 26 districts ( raions ) and 5 city municipalities ( mis'krada or misto ) , officially known as territories governed by city councils .
Cities under the oblast 's jurisdiction :
Odesa ( Одеса ) , the administrative center of the oblast
Balta Municipality
Cities and towns under the city 's jurisdiction :
Balta ( Балта )
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi Municipality
Cities and towns under the city 's jurisdiction :
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi ( Білгород-Дністровський )
Urban-type settlements under the city 's jurisdiction :
Serhiivka ( Сергіївка )
Zatoka ( Затока )
Biliaivka Municipality
Cities and towns under the city 's jurisdiction :
Biliaivka ( Біляївка )
Illichivsk Municipality
Cities and towns under the city 's jurisdiction :
Chornomorsk ( Чорноморськ ) , formerly Illichivsk
Urban-type settlements under the city 's jurisdiction :
Oleksandrivka ( Олександрівка )
Izmail ( Ізмаїл )
Podilsk ( Подільськ ) , formerly Kotovsk
Teplodar ( Теплодар )
Yuzhne ( Южне )
Districts ( raions ) :
Ananiv ( Ананьївський район )
Cities and towns under the district 's jurisdiction :
Ananiv ( Ананьїв )
Artsyz ( Арцизький район )
Cities and towns under the district 's jurisdiction :
Artsyz ( Арциз )
Balta ( Балтський район )
Berezivka ( Березівський район )
Cities and towns under the district 's jurisdiction :
Berezivka ( Березівка )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Raukhivka ( Раухівка )
Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi ( Білгород-Дністровський район )
Biliaivka ( Біляївський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Khlibodarske ( Хлібодарське )
Bolhrad ( Болградський район )
Cities and towns under the district 's jurisdiction :
Bolhrad ( Болград )
Ivanivka ( Іванівський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Ivanivka ( Іванівка )
Petrivka ( Петрівка )
Radisne ( Радісне )
Izmail ( Ізмаїльський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Suvorove ( Суворове )
Kiliia ( Кілійський район )
Cities and towns under the district 's jurisdiction :
Kiliia ( Кілія )
Vylkove ( Вилкове )
Kodyma ( Кодимський район )
Cities and towns under the district 's jurisdiction :
Kodyma ( Кодима )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Slobidka ( Слобідка )
Liubashivka ( Любашівський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Liubashivka ( Любашівка )
Zelenohirske ( Зеленогірське )
Lyman ( Лиманський район ) , formerly Kominternivske Raion
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Chornomorske ( Чорноморське )
Dobroslav ( Доброслав ) , formerly Kominternivske
Novi Biliari ( Нові Білярі )
Mykolaivka ( Миколаївський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Mykolaivka ( Миколаївка )
Okny ( Окнянський район ) , formerly Krasni Okny Raion
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Okny ( Окни ) , formerly Krasni Okny
Ovidiopol ( Овідіопольський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Avanhard ( Авангард )
Ovidiopol ( Овідіополь )
Tairove ( Таїрове )
Velykodolynske ( Великодолинське )
Podilsk ( Подільськ район ) , formerly Kotovsk Raion
Reni ( Ренійський район )
Cities and towns under the district 's jurisdiction :
Reni ( Рені )
Rozdilna ( Роздільнянський район )
Cities and towns under the district 's jurisdiction :
Rozdilna ( Роздільна )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Lymanske ( Лиманське )
Sarata ( Саратський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Sarata ( Сарата )
Savran ( Савранський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Savran ( Саврань )
Shyriaieve ( Ширяївський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Shyriaieve ( Ширяєве )
Tarutyne ( Тарутинський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Berezyne ( Березине )
Borodino ( Бородіно )
Serpneve ( Серпневе )
Tarutyne ( Тарутине )
Tatarbunary ( Татарбунарський район )
Cities and towns under the district 's jurisdiction :
Tatarbunary ( Татарбунари )
Velyka Mykhailivka ( Великомихайлівський район )
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Tsebrykove ( Цебрикове )
Velyka Mykhailivka ( Велика Михайлівка )
Zakharivka ( Захарівський район ) , formerly Frunzivka Raion
Urban-type settlements under the district 's jurisdiction :
Zakharivka ( Захарівка ) , formerly Frunzivka
Zatyshshia ( Затишшя )
References
Odessa
Odesa Oblast
Drăcșenei is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of four villages : Drăcșani , Drăcșenei , Odobeasca and Satul Vechi . It included two other villages until 2004 , when they were split off to form Beuca Commune .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Adrian Nicholas Peterson ( born July 1 , 1979 ) is a former American football running back who played in the National Football League and United Football League . They were drafted by the Chicago Bears in the sixth round of the 2002 NFL Draft , playing eight seasons for Chicago . Then they played for the Virginia Destroyers in the UFL . They are an alumnus of Georgia Southern University , where they set numerous school , conference , and NCAA Division I-AA records , as well winning two 1-AA National Championships and receiving the Walter Payton Award for most outstanding player in 1-AA football .
Early years
Peterson was born to Porter R. and Reatha M. Peterson ; their father works at a plant that makes Energizer batteries . Adrian Peterson was a two-time all-state , all-area selection and team MVP at Santa Fe High School in Alachua , Florida where they rushed for 4,949 yards during their prep career to earn All-America honors from ESPN and Blue Chip Illustrated . Peterson ran for 1,526 yards and 17 TDs on 185 carries ( 8.2 avg . ) to earn Florida Class 4A Player-of-the-Year honors as a senior . They also lettered four times in track and two times each in weightlifting and basketball while in high school .
College career
Peterson played for Georgia Southern from 1998-2001 . They finished their career , not including the playoffs , with 6,559 rushing yards , a Division I football record , and won the Walter Payton Award in 1999 . They were the first sophomore to win the award for most outstanding player in I-AA football history . Peterson finished among the top three vote-getters for the Walter Payton Award in all four of their college football seasons . In 57 career games including the playoffs , they carried 1,378 times for 9,145 yards ( 6.6 avg ) , 111 touchdowns and an average of 160 yards per game . On September 29 , 2012 , Peterson was inducted into the Georgia Southern hall of fame in a ceremony held during halftime at Paulson Stadium . In January 2014 , College Sporting News announced that the FCS Offensive Player of the Year Award will be named after Peterson . Peterson was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2017 .
College statistics
Professional career
Chicago Bears
The Chicago Bears selected Peterson in the sixth round of the 2002 NFL Draft . During their first season as a Bear , they rushed for 101 yards on nineteen attempts , and scored a single touchdown . They missed most of the next season after sustaining an ankle injury . The team has primarily relied on Peterson as a specialist . In 2004 , they led the Bears ' special teams unit with 28 tackles .
Peterson saw more action as a running back during the 2005 Chicago Bears season , after the Bears ' top two running backs , Thomas Jones and Cedric Benson , suffered injuries . On November 13 , in the first game that both were injured , a game against the San Francisco 49ers , Peterson eclipsed the 100 yard mark in a game for the first time in their career . They rushed for 120 yards on 24 attempts and scored a touchdown . On the season , Peterson rushed for 391 yards on 76 attempts , and scored two touchdowns . Peterson was the team 's second leading rusher during the season , and even went on to score a touchdown during the NFC Divisional game against the Carolina Panthers .
During the 2006 Chicago Bears season , Peterson returned to their role as a specialist and third string running back . They received occasional playtime as running back , but played a versatile role on the Bears ' special teams . During the team 's season finale , Peterson caught a 37-yard pass from Brad Maynard on a fake punt . In the NFC Championship game , Peterson tackled Michael Lewis and forced a fumble .
After the Bears traded Jones prior to the 2007 season , Peterson was promoted to second string running back . However , first string running back Cedric Benson sustained a season-ending injury on November 25 , against the Denver Broncos . During the same game , Peterson scored their second rushing touchdown of the season , when they powered into the endzone despite being enveloped by several Bronco defenders . With this news , Peterson moved to first string , with rookie Garrett Wolfe moved to second string . Peterson had their second 100-yard rushing game on December 23 , 2007 , against the Green Bay Packers . Peterson had another productive performance the next week , during the Bears ' season finale against the New Orleans Saints . They rushed for 91 yards , and even threw a 9-yard touchdown pass to Bernard Berrian .
When the Bears drafted Matt Forte and brought in Kevin Jones , Peterson saw little to no action at running back . They were cut from the team after the Bears signed Chester Taylor before the 2010 season .
Peterson signed with the Seattle Seahawks on August 12 , 2010 , but was released by the team just five days later .
Virginia Destroyers
Peterson was drafted by the Virginia Destroyers in the third round ( 14th overall ) of the 2011 UFL Draft . They signed with the team on June 15 .
Georgia Southern University
On February 13 , 2018 , Peterson returned to Georgia Southern as director of student-athlete development for the football team under Chad Lunsford . They took over for Andrew Dodge , who moved to an on-field coaching assignment toward the end of the 2016 season .
Personal life
Peterson is the younger brother of former Atlanta Falcons linebacker Mike Peterson . They are also related to Freddie Solomon , who played for the Miami Dolphins and San Francisco 49ers . They perform community work and hosts an annual free youth football camp . Additionally , Peterson , who has a speech impediment , volunteers to help children who also face the same challenge .
Peterson released their autobiography Do n't Dis My Abilities in 2013 .
On February 17 , 2015 , Peterson 's 7-year-old son died of brain cancer .
References
External links
Adrian Peterson - at NFL.com
1979 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gainesville , Florida
Players of American football from Gainesville , Florida
American football running backs
Georgia Southern Eagles football players
Chicago Bears players
Seattle Seahawks players
Walter Payton Award winners
Virginia Destroyers players
Georgia Southern Eagles football coaches
The Kartika Review is a quarterly literary magazine that publishes literary fiction , poetry , and essays that endeavor to expand and enhance the mainstream perception of Asian American creative writing . The journal also publishes book reviews , author interviews , and artwork relevant to the Asian Diaspora . Kartika Review sponsors readings , panel discussions , writing contests , and other creative activities for the Asian American community in both New York City and the Bay Area , California .
The journal launched in September 2007 and has featured work from prominent members of the Asian American arts community , such as Gene Luen Yang , a Finalist for the 2006 National Book Award and winner of the 2007 Printz Award , Kelly Zen-Yie Tsai , a spoken word poet , and Eddy Zheng , a Chinese American writer and activist who spent over 19 years in federal prison . Forthcoming in the next scheduled issue would be author interviews with Li-Young Lee and Don Lee , and contributions from Russell C. Leong , a professor at UCLA and editor of the Amerasia Journal .
References
External links
Official Website
Angry Asian Man , `` new literary journal : kartika review ''
International Exchange for Poetic Intervention , `` Kartika Review ''
8Asians.com , `` Kartika Review Supports Asian American Literature ''
Literary magazines published in the United States
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Asian-American magazines
Magazines established in 2007
In mathematics , an uncountable set ( or uncountably infinite set ) is an infinite set that contains too many elements to be countable . The uncountability of a set is closely related to its cardinal number : a set is uncountable if its cardinal number is larger than that of the set of all natural numbers .
Characterizations
There are many equivalent characterizations of uncountability . A set X is uncountable if and only if any of the following conditions hold :
There is no injective function ( hence no bijection ) from X to the set of natural numbers .
X is nonempty and for every ω-sequence of elements of X , there exists at least one element of X not included in it . That is , X is nonempty and there is no surjective function from the natural numbers to X .
The cardinality of X is neither finite nor equal to ( aleph-null , the cardinality of the natural numbers ) .
The set X has cardinality strictly greater than .
The first three of these characterizations can be proven equivalent in Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory without the axiom of choice , but the equivalence of the third and fourth can not be proved without additional choice principles .
Properties
If an uncountable set X is a subset of set Y , then Y is uncountable .
Examples
The best known example of an uncountable set is the set R of all real numbers ; Cantor 's diagonal argument shows that this set is uncountable . The diagonalization proof technique can also be used to show that several other sets are uncountable , such as the set of all infinite sequences of natural numbers and the set of all subsets of the set of natural numbers . The cardinality of R is often called the cardinality of the continuum , and denoted by , or , or ( beth-one ) .
The Cantor set is an uncountable subset of R. The Cantor set is a fractal and has Hausdorff dimension greater than zero but less than one ( R has dimension one ) . This is an example of the following fact : any subset of R of Hausdorff dimension strictly greater than zero must be uncountable .
Another example of an uncountable set is the set of all functions from R to R. This set is even `` more uncountable '' than R in the sense that the cardinality of this set is ( beth-two ) , which is larger than .
A more abstract example of an uncountable set is the set of all countable ordinal numbers , denoted by Ω or ω1 . The cardinality of Ω is denoted ( aleph-one ) . It can be shown , using the axiom of choice , that is the smallest uncountable cardinal number . Thus either , the cardinality of the reals , is equal to or it is strictly larger . Georg Cantor was the first to propose the question of whether is equal to . In 1900 , David Hilbert posed this question as the first of their 23 problems . The statement that is now called the continuum hypothesis , and is known to be independent of the Zermelo–Fraenkel axioms for set theory ( including the axiom of choice ) .
Without the axiom of choice
Without the axiom of choice , there might exist cardinalities incomparable to ( namely , the cardinalities of Dedekind-finite infinite sets ) . Sets of these cardinalities satisfy the first three characterizations above , but not the fourth characterization . Since these sets are not larger than the natural numbers in the sense of cardinality , some may not want to call them uncountable .
If the axiom of choice holds , the following conditions on a cardinal are equivalent :
and
, where and is the least initial ordinal greater than
However , these may all be different if the axiom of choice fails . So it is not obvious which one is the appropriate generalization of `` uncountability '' when the axiom fails . It may be best to avoid using the word in this case and specify which of these one means .
See also
Aleph number
Beth number
First uncountable ordinal
Injective function
References
Bibliography
Halmos , Paul , Naive Set Theory . Princeton , NJ : D. Van Nostrand Company , 1960 . Reprinted by Springer-Verlag , New York , 1974 . ( Springer-Verlag edition ) . Reprinted by Martino Fine Books , 2011 . ( Paperback edition ) .
External links
Proof that R is uncountable
Basic concepts in infinite set theory
Infinity
Cardinal numbers
DVAS ( Dietzche V. & the Abominable Snowman ) is a Canadian electronic dance music group formed in 2003 in Toronto . DVAS signed to Upper Class Recordings , the Toronto-based label responsible for notable artists The Russian Futurists , Cadence Weapon , Girlsareshort ( MSTRKRFT Al-P 's original project ) and The Cansecos in 2009 .
With a basis in Disco and Hi-NRG , DVAS was co-founded by Canadian musicians Jered Stuffco and Darren Veres in 2003 in Edmonton , Alberta .
Albums
Macho
Macho documents the group from its very beginnings with a number of its singles and some new and some not widely available tracks .
Michael Douglas was the muse for Black Rain , one of 10 tracks on their latest collection , Macho . ( Douglas also starred in a 1991 crime film of the same name . ) `` The movie 's great and Michael Douglas is an icon , '' smiles Darren Veres . It 's obviously a huge joke , '' adds Jered Stuffco .
Recorded and mixed in Edmonton via computer—the disc required patience , humor and , above all , high-speed internet connections and trust . Some songs required two weeks of edits and dozens of e-mails between band mates .
Mixtapes and Remixes
DVAS have released three Internet-only mixtapes , a slew of remixes , and the track `` Inner Sanctum '' featured on the 2009 France based blog turned label , Valerie : `` Valerie And Friends '' Compilation .
Discography
DVAS MACHO ( 2007 , Pop Echo Records : CAN )
Society ( 2010 , Upper Class Recordings : CAN )
References
Citations
External links
DVAS Musique
DVAS Myspace
Upper Class Recordings
Musical groups established in 2003
Musical groups from Toronto
Canadian dance music groups
2003 establishments in Ontario
Khingala , also transliterated Khinkhil , Khinjil or Khinjal , ( Sharada script : khiṃ-gā-la , ruled circa 775-785 CE ) was a ruler of the Turk Shahis . They are only known in name from the accounts of the Muslim historian Ya'qubi and from an epigraphical source , the Gardez Ganesha . The identification of their coinage remains conjectural .
Arabic accounts
The Muslim historian Ya'qubi ( died 897/8 ) in their Ta'rikh ( `` History '' ) , recounts that the third Abbasid Caliph Al-Mahdi ( ruled 775-785 CE ) asked for , and apparently obtained , the submission of various Central Asian rulers , including that of the Kabul Shah . Al-yaqubi seems to give the name of the Kabul Shah as `` Ḥanḥal '' , but the reading is uncertain . But a later handwritten copy of the book is known to transcribe the name as `` Khanjal '' . The original account by Ya'qubi reads :
The name `` Khanjal '' has been variously reconstructed as `` Khinkhil '' , `` Khinjil '' or `` Khinjal '' , and is very similar to the name of an earlier Alchon Hun ruler named Khingila ( 5th century CE ) . According to historian Rezakhani , the name mentioned by Ya'qubi is `` obviously a namesake '' of Khingila .
Epigraphy
[ [ File : Ganesha from Gardez.jpg|thumb|The Gardez Ganesha from Gardez , Afghanistan , was dedicated by Khiṃgāla . ] ]
The Gardez Ganesha is a statue of the Hindu god Ganesha , discovered in Gardez , near Kabul in Afghanistan . It is considered as `` a typical product of the Indo-Afghan school '' . A dedicatory inscription appears on the base of the statue . It is written in the Siddhamatrika script , a development of the Brahmi script . An analysis of the writing suggests a date from the 6th or 8th century CE .
The identity of this Khingala is uncertain . A famous Khingila is known from the dynasty of the Alchon Huns , and one of their coins has the legend `` Deva Shahi Khingila '' ( 10px16px `` God-King Khingila '' ) , but they are dated quite earlier , to the 5th century CE .
Given the stylistically probable mid-8th century date for the Ganesha , the Śrī Ṣāhi Khiṃgāla '' of the inscription may have been identical with the Turk Shahi ruler of Kabul known in Arab sources as Khinkhil or Khinjil , who , according to Ya'qubi , gave their submission to Al-Mahdi in 775-785 .
Relation with Bo Fuzhun
There is a possibility that the Khinkhil of the Arabs is identical with the Turk Shahi Bo Fuzhun ( 勃匐準 ) of the Chinese sources , which mention that they were the son of Fromo Kesaro and acceded to the throne precisely in 745 CE .
References
Notes
Sources
Turkic dynasties
Dynasties of Afghanistan
Kabul Shahi
House at 240 Sea Cliff Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County , New York . It was built in 1888 and is an irregularly shaped , -story house with a multiple cross-gabled roof in the Late Victorian style . The -story , gable-roofed east wing was added in 1908 . It features a 3-story central tower with a tent roof .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York ( state )
Victorian architecture in New York ( state )
Houses completed in 1888
Houses in Nassau County , New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County , New York
State Highway 83 ( SH 83 ) is a state highway that is located along the Front Range in the U.S. State of Colorado . Spanning about from the SH 21 ( Powers Boulevard ) interchange in northern Colorado Springs and SH 2 ( Colorado Boulevard . ) in Denver . The highway follows a south–north route , paralleling Interstate 25 to the east and serving rural areas . Along with I-25 , it is one of the only two routes in the Colorado State Highway System that directly connects Denver and Colorado Springs .
The section of SH 83 in Colorado Springs is signed as Interquest Parkway , which begins as a four-lane road . It drops down to two lanes as it exits the Colorado Springs area and is no longer signed as Interquest Pkwy . It remains as a two-lane , rural highway as it runs north out of El Paso County and into Douglas County . The road becomes signed as Parker Road as it enters Franktown and becomes a six-lane expressway heading into Parker and the Denver Metropolitan Area . It then becomes a four-lane road after interchanging Interstate 225 and becomes signed as Leetsdale Drive after crossing Quebec Street before ending at SH 2 .
Route description
SH 83 begins in far northeastern Colorado Springs , at the intersection of CO 21 and Interquest Parkway . From there it becomes a 60 mph rural highway , continuing northward through rural countryside for 30 miles to Franktown , through a tree heavy and hilly portion of Douglas County , and passing the eastern border of Castlewood Canyon State Park , then intersecting SH 86 . The route becomes a six lane divided expressway at Bayou Gulch Road with a 55 mph speed limit . The route continues on and enters the City of Parker and the southeastern portion of the Denver Metropolitan Area , where it interchanges with E-470 . After , it enters Arapahoe County just north of E-470 and descends into Centennial where it interchanges with Arapahoe Road , which recently was upgraded to a grade-separated interchange . SH 83 continues as a 55 mph expressway as it enters Aurora , intersecting Hampden Avenue and Interstate 225 . The route enters suburban Aurora , and it becomes more of a city street , dropping to a 45 mph speed limit and narrowing to 4 lanes . It soon enters the Cherry Creek district of Denver and ends at Colorado Boulevard/SH 2 .
History
The first 21 miles , originally extending from SH 115 to SH 21 , was relinquished to and is now maintained by the city of Colorado Springs ; with signage being inconsistent within the city limits . The highway began in southern Colorado Springs at the intersection of SH 115 and the terminus of SH 83 which is called South Academy Blvd . It ran east then north through the center of the city , where it turned into North Academy Blvd after the intersection with Pikes Peak Avenue , the north-south demarcation point for the city . Several city intersections were upgraded with overpasses ( at Proby Parkway , US 24 and Woodmen Road ) to avoid making this just another city street . The highway continued north then northwest through the city , and then just before connecting to I-25 it turned directly north and the speed limit increases to 55 mph . After paralleling I-25 for several miles , it turned east as it overlays Interquest Parkway to an interchange with SH 21 .
Future
In Parker , a section of Parker Road between E-470 and Lincoln Avenue is set to be widened as part of the Capital Improvement Project . It is currently six lanes from Lincoln to the Pine Lane intersection , where it opens up to eight lanes approaching the tollway . Construction will involve widening the six lane stretch between Pine and Lincoln to eight lanes . Existing turn lanes into future development at the Pine and Parker intersection and at Ponderosa Drive will be converted into through lanes and CDOT will add new turn lanes at those intersections . The new lanes will continue in and out of the slip lanes at Lincoln and continue as the existing through lanes north of Pine . Alongside with the expansion , a new sidewalk will be built that will connect the existing Baldwin Gulch Trail at the Ponderosa intersection to the existing sidewalk between Pine and Crown Crest Boulevard that will also be expanded . Construction has not yet started and is scheduled to be completed in the spring of 2023 .
Major intersections
Notes
References
External links
083
Transportation in Denver
Transportation in Arapahoe County , Colorado
Transportation in Douglas County , Colorado
Transportation in El Paso County , Colorado
Transportation in Colorado Springs , Colorado
Parker , Colorado
Centennial , Colorado
Transportation in Aurora , Colorado
Erki may refer to :
Estonian Academy of Arts ( Eesti Riiklik Kunstiinstituut )
Erki ( given name ) , Estonian male given name
an alternative spelling of Irkay , Lebanon
James R. Packard ( September 23 , 1931 - October 1 , 1960 ) was a racing driver from Hendersonville , North Carolina who competed in the USAC Championship Car series . They made 22 starts and registered a single win in August 1960 at the Illinois State Fairgrounds Racetrack , however they were killed in an accident during a midget race in Fairfield , Illinois on October 1 of that year . They attempted to qualify for the Indianapolis 500 in 1959 and 1960 but wrecked their car in practice in 1959 and failed to make the field the following year .
Complete USAC Championship Car results
References
External links
1931 births
1960 deaths
Burials in Indiana
People from Hendersonville , North Carolina
Racing drivers from North Carolina
Racing drivers who died while racing
Sports deaths in Illinois
