FC Khimik ( ) is a Russian football club from Koryazhma .
It played professionally for one season in 1994 , taking 8th place in Zone 4 of the Russian Third League .
External links
Profile at stats.sportbox.ru
Team history at KLISF
References
Association football clubs established in 1992
Football clubs in Russia
Sport in Arkhangelsk Oblast
1992 establishments in Russia
Dudley Doolittle ( June 21 , 1881 – November 14 , 1957 ) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas .
Born in Cottonwood Falls , Kansas , Doolittle attended the public schools and the University of Kansas at Lawrence , being graduated from its law department in 1903 . They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice at Cottonwood Falls , Kansas , in 1904 . They served as prosecuting attorney of Chase County 1908-1912 . They served as mayor of Strong City in 1912 .
Doolittle was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-third , Sixty-fourth , and Sixty-fifth Congresses ( March 4 , 1913 – March 3 , 1919 ) . They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1918 to the Sixty-sixth Congress . Representative of the United States Treasury Department to Italy in 1919 . Federal Prohibition Director for Kansas in 1920 . They engaged in the practice of law in Strong City , Kansas , Kansas City , Missouri , and Washington , D.C. from 1921 to 1934 .
Doolittle was elected a member of the Democratic National Committee in 1925 . They served as general agent of the ninth district , Farm Credit Administration from 1934 to 1938 . They served as member of the board of directors of the College of Emporia and served as its president 1938-1940 . They served as president of the Strong City State Bank and a director of the Exchange National Bank of Cottonwood Falls at time of death . They died in Emporia , Kansas on November 14 , 1957 . They were interred in Prairie Grove Cemetery , Cottonwood Falls , Kansas .
References
1881 births
1957 deaths
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American politicians
People from Cottonwood Falls , Kansas
Georges Désiré `` Géo '' Malfait ( 9 December 1878 – 7 December 1946 ) was a French sprinter . They competed in 100–400 m events at the 1906 , 1908 and 1912 Summer Olympics , but failed to reach the finals . Malfait won the national titles in 100 m in 1904 and 1905 and in 400 m in 1905 .
References
1878 births
1946 deaths
Sportspeople from Roubaix
French male sprinters
Olympic athletes of France
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1906 Intercalated Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
The 1992 Jordanian League ( known as The Jordanian League , was the 42nd season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944 . Al-Faisaly won its 24th league title by goal difference from Al-Hussein Irbid .
Teams
Map
League table
No team relegated because the Football Association decided to increase the number of clubs to 12 teams in the 1993 season .
References
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
football
football
is a private university in Okayama , Okayama , Japan . The predecessor of the school was founded in 1911 , and it was chartered as a university in 1965 .
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1911
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Okayama
Universities and colleges in Okayama Prefecture
1911 establishments in Japan
Mijakovići may refer to :
Mijakovići , Vareš , a settlement in Vareš , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mijakovići , Pljevlja , Montenegro
Mana is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 202 inhabitants .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Farhan Khan ( born 10 October 1990 ) is a Pakistani cricketer who plays for Lahore . They made their Twenty20 debut on 25 August 2016 for Lahore Blues in the 2016–17 National T20 Cup .
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Pakistani cricketers
Lahore Blues cricketers
Lahore Eagles cricketers
Lahore Lions cricketers
State Bank of Pakistan cricketers
Cricketers from Lahore
Central Punjab cricketers
Nuhören is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . In 2010 it had a population of 213 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Shakuntala is a 1965 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed and produced by Kunchacko . The film stars Prem Nazir , Sathyan , Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Prema . The film had musical score by G. Devarajan and K. Raghavan . The film is adapted from the 1961 Bollywood film Stree . The film had its opening sequence in Eastmancolor .
Cast
Prem Nazir
Kalaikkal Kumaran
Sathyan
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Prema
Aranmula Ponnamma
KS Gopinath
Rajasree
Jolly
K. R. Vijaya
MS Namboothiri
Rani
Soundtrack
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films based on works by Kalidasa
Works based on Shakuntala ( play )
Films scored by G. Devarajan
Films scored by K. Raghavan
Here is a list of historical and current Fencing Clubs that run within Universities .
Australia
England
Wales
See also
Australian Fencing Federation
References
Fencing organizations
Fencing clubs
University Fencing
St Mary 's Cathedral ( ) is a cathedral church of the Diocese of Tuam , Limerick and Killaloe in the Church of Ireland . It is located in Tuam , County Galway , in Ireland . From the 12th century until 1839 , both before and after the Reformation , it was the seat of the former Archdiocese of Tuam . Most of the present structure dates from the 1870s , but parts of earlier 12th- and 14th-century structures survive within .
Origins
The founder and first bishop of Tuam is considered to be St Jarlath , who founded the church about 501 . The traditional date of their death is 540 . However , the names of only two other bishops of Tuam are recorded before the 11th century , Ferdomnach ( died 781 ) and Eugene mac Clerig ( died 969 ) .
The medieval importance of Tuam was chiefly the result of its becoming the seat of the O'Connor High Kings of Ireland in the early 11th century . The O'Connors had previously been based at Cruachain , County Roscommon .
The first cathedral on the present site was begun in the 12th century , when Turlough O'Connor ( 1088–1156 ) was High King . This marked the establishment of Tuam as the seat of an archbishop , an event which followed the Synod of Kells of 1152 .
The first cathedral lasted only a few years and was destroyed by fire in 1184 , recorded thus in the Annals of Lough Cé : `` The great church of Tuam-da-Ghualann fell in one day , both roof and stone '' . After this , no rebuilding was attempted for some one hundred years , except that in the 13th century a small parish church was built on the site of an old monastery . This long delay was largely the result of the Norman invasion of Ireland , which left the city of Tuam in ruins .
In the 14th century , a second St Mary 's Cathedral was begun , a little to the east of the original building and incorporating into its entrance the remains of the 12th-century chancel and sanctuary .
Present cathedral
With the coming of the railway to Tuam in 1861 , and the enlargement of the garrison , the town 's Anglican population increased and this led to the building of a third cathedral on the site , designed by the architect Sir Thomas Newenham Deane , which was begun in about 1861 and completed in 1878 . Charles James Seymour was the Dean at the time .
The new or third cathedral was built on the site of the first cathedral and incorporated the Hiberno-Romanesque Arch , while the second de Burgo cathedral became the Diocesan Synod Hall , Library and Registry . The cathedral was consecrated on 9 October 1878 , with Robert Gregg , Bishop of Cork , as preacher . The funding for this rebuilding was helped by the combination of Church of Ireland dioceses into the new Diocese of Tuam , Killala and Achonry in 1839 .
The style is Irish pointed . The building is 46 metres ( 150 feet ) long , and the transepts 23 metres ( 75 feet ) wide . The oak reredos is taken from St. Columb 's Cathedral Church , Derry . The chancel chairs were presented by Henry Browne , 5th Marquess of Sligo . The present sanctuary floor was quarried at the Merlin Quarries , Galway . The Bishop 's Throne , the Pulpit , the Font and the Chapter Stalls were made of Caen stone and Irish marble . The original organ , which has been rebuilt , was the gift of Archbishop Josiah Hort in 1742 . At the south west end of the cathedral is a portion of an ancient Irish Cross .
The Synod Hall stalls are reputed to have been in a Piedmontese monastery , and brought to Ireland by Edward Joshua Cooper , M.P. , of Markree Castle , Co. Sligo , and were later presented to St. Mary 's Cathedral .
The present-day cathedral contains a Romanesque 12th-century chancel-arch which has been called `` the finest example of Hiberno-Romanesque architecture now extant '' . It also contains the High Cross of Tuam , a national monument which was moved to its present site in 1992 , and a significant part of the 14th-century cathedral . In the south aisle , the ornamented shaft of another high cross dating from the late 12th century survives , while the choir stalls are Italian baroque and date from about 1740 . The incorporation of these older structures was contrary to the wishes of Sir Thomas Deane . The High Cross of Tuam was erected in the 12th century by Turlough O'Connor to mark the completion of the first cathedral and the appointment of the first Archbishop of Tuam .
The stained glass west window , depicting the Transfiguration of our Lord , dates from 1913 and is very fine . Other smaller windows show figures from the Old Testament , Moses , David , Solomon , Ezra , Malachi , and John the Baptist , and a window depicting Christ the King was installed in memory of Deane , the cathedral 's architect .
Some major renovations took place between 1985 and 1993 , and a new central heating system was added in September 2000 .
The cathedral is open to visitors on Fridays ( morning and afternoon ) during the summer months .
Chancel arch
The 12th-century Hiberno-Romanesque Triumphal Arch is one of the outstanding features of St Mary 's Cathedral , Tuam . It is the only remaining part of the original cathedral , erected at this site during the reign of Turlough O'Connor .
The Nave of O'Connor 's cathedral collapsed in 1184 due to a fire , with only the stone chancel arch escaping . In the 14th century a new cathedral was built by the De Burgo family , but to the east of the old building , with the chancel arch becoming the entrance to the new cathedral . The chancel arch was blocked up by a stone-and-wooden structure , in the centre of which was placed a door . This structure remained in place for over 500 years . Thus , the chancel arch was exposed to the elements for this period , and it is remarkable that it has remained in such a good state of preservation . It was not until the 19th century that it became once again the chancel of the present cathedral .
The rounded chancel arch is Hiberno-Romanesque in style , and is built of red sandstone . As there is no keystone in the arch , the columns supporting the capitals of the arch have a slight inward inclination in order to bear and support the tremendous weight of the whole structure . This means that the columns are not perpendicular , so that the space at the base of the supporting columns is wider than at the capitals . The arch which is perfectly circular , is 6.85 metres ( 22.5 feet ) wide at the base and 4.88 metres ( 16 feet ) high from the ground . It consists of six consecutive semi-circular arches of elaborately ornamented stonework supported on columns , which with the exception of the outside one , on each side , are semi-circular and not ornamented . The capitals are richly sculptured with a variety of interlaced traceries , something similar to those on the base of the High Cross in the Square . There are carved grotesque faces on the jambs .
In the judgement of antiquary , Dr. George Petrie , `` The Ancient Church of Tuam , was not only a larger but more splendid structure than Cormac 's Church at Cashel , and not unworthy of the powerful Monarch to whom it chiefly owes its erection . '' In looking at the arch one is indeed so impressed by its dignity and beauty , that one is given a real vision of what the ancient cathedral must have been in its original glory and splendour – one of the outstanding cathedrals of its period in Western Europe .
The communion silver
The earliest pieces of the Communion silver date from the reign of Charles II . During the Cromwellian period , the earlier silver apparently disappeared from Tuam , as occurred in many places , but reappeared later .
The present set of silver used in the cathedral is composed of six pieces . Four of the items are pre-1700 , but the inscription on two of the items seems to point to a later date .
The two oldest pieces are a chalice and a paten . The chalice bears the inscription , Ex dono Revernd mi Patris in Christo Sam Providentia Divina Tuamensis Archieppi & Feneborensis Epis Conaecieq Metropolitani . Its dimensions are 10 inches high and 5 inches diameter . The paten , the surface of which is quite scratched , has the inscription , `` Sam Tuamensis '' , and measures 7.5 inches in diameter . Neither piece is hallmarked . These two items date from the Archbishopric of Samuel Pullen ( c. 1660 – 1666 ) .
Both the second chalice and the paten are hallmarked and bear the inscription , Ecclesiae Cathedralis Stae Mariae Tuamensis 1678 . The dimensions of the chalice are 10 inches high with a diameter of 5.5 inches , with the paten measuring 7.5 inches in diameter . There is also a cover for the chalice . These two items date from the Archbishopric of John Vesey ( c. 1678 – 1716 ) ,
There are also two flagons with a similar inscription , Ex dono Viri Venerabilis Honorabilis Thoma Vesey , Episcopi Laonensis Equitis Aurati quondam Archdiaconi Tuamensis in Usum Ecclesiac Cathedralis do Tuam & Gloriam SS & Individuae Trinitatis . These hallmarked flagons are 10 inches high and 7 inches in diameter . One flagon is in good order but the other is somewhat damaged .
Burials
Nehemiah Donnellan
William Daniel
Samuel Pullen
Jemmett Browne
See also
Dean of Tuam
List of cathedrals in Ireland
Bibliography
Higgins , Jim , and Parsons , Aisling ( eds . ) St Mary 's Cathedral , Church of Ireland , Tuam : Restoration & History ( Tuam , Friends of St Mary 's Cathedral , 1995 )
Claffey , John A. , 'The restoration of St Mary 's Cathedral 1863–78 ' , in Claffey , John A . ( ed . ) , Glimpses of Tuam since the famine ( Tuam : Old Tuam Society , 1997 ) 79–88
References
External links
Parish News for St Mary 's Cathedral at tuam.anglican.org
Exterior of the Cathedral
12th-century churches in Ireland
14th-century churches in Ireland
Churches completed in 1878
Anglican cathedrals in the Republic of Ireland
Buildings and structures in Tuam
Diocese of Tuam , Killala and Achonry
Gothic Revival church buildings in the Republic of Ireland
Religion in Tuam
MSAC may refer to :
Melbourne Sports and Aquatic Centre , an international sporting venue located in Albert Park , Victoria , Australia
Mountain States Athletic Conference , the official name of the Skyline Conference ( 1938–1962 ) , a college athletic conference in the United States that was active from 1938 to 1962
Anybody Here Seen Kelly ? is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by William Wyler . This was the first non-Western film to be directed by Wyler and is now considered to be a lost film . This is Bessie Love 's final silent film . It was produced by Universal Pictures .
Production
Location scenes were filmed in New York City .
The title of the film originates from the 1908 British music hall standard `` Has Anybody Here Seen Kelly ? '' by C. W. Murphy and Will Letters . The song was popularized in the United States by singer Nora Bayes who sang it in the first ever Ziegfeld Follies .
Plot
While serving in the American Army during World War I , Pat Kelly ( Moore ) , a womanizing soldier tells all the girls they romance to come and visit them in New York City after the war . Never expecting any of them to take them up on it , they give their address as the Metropolitan Museum of Art . However , one determined French girl , Mitzi Lavelle ( Love ) , comes to America looking for him . Walking through the streets of New York , they eventually find them working as a traffic police officer .
Cast
See also
List of lost films
References
External links
1928 comedy films
1928 lost films
1928 films
American black-and-white films
Silent American comedy films
American silent feature films
Films directed by William Wyler
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York City
Lost American films
Universal Pictures films
Lost comedy films
1920s American films
Denford Magora was born in Harare , Zimbabwe . They are a novelist , playwright , analyst , advertising/marketing professional , politician and spokesperson for Simba Makoni , presidential candidate in the Zimbabwe elections held in March 2008 .
Writing career
Magora first became known in the early 1990s after their play , Dr Government , was banned by the government of Robert Mugabe . Magora themselves was harassed by state security agents and this eventually led them to move to the United Kingdom , where they wrote the novel Dancing Under A Stormcloud , published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson . They are also a columnist with The Financial Gazette , writes analysis and opinion articles for the Zimbabwe Independent , The Standard and the Mail & Guardian of South Africa . They maintain a blog on which they write news , opinion and analysis articles on Zimbabwe .
Political career
Magora 's political career seems to have started seriously with their involvement in the campaign of Simba Makoni , when they were appointed spokesperson and frequently commented on the presidential elections of March 2008 . Prior to this , they did not identify with any political party , but was often criticised by readers of their articles for their criticism of Morgan Tsvangirai , the main opposition leader in Zimbabwe who beat Mugabe in March 2008 but failed to get enough votes to take office .
References
Zimbabwean writers
Living people
People from Harare
Year of birth missing ( living people )
`` Love Ballad '' is a song by Swedish singer Tove Lo . It was co-written by Lo , Ludvig Söderberg and Jakob Jerlström , and was produced by their co-writers under their production name The Struts . In 2012 , after signing a publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music and co-writing songs for artists including Girls Aloud and Icona Pop , Lo decided to become an independent singer to keep their most personal songs for herself .
They eventually sent their debut single `` Love Ballad '' to Swedish radio stations on 15 October 2012 . It was digitally released on 5 November 2012 . The track was later included on Lo 's debut extended play Truth Serum and their debut studio album Queen of the Clouds , both of which were released in 2014 . `` Love Ballad '' is a pop song with drum instrumentation ; its lyrics detail the protagonist 's exaggerated ways to show affection to a romantic partner . Critics described it as an `` ode to falling dangerously in love with someone '' and a parody of love songs .
The song drew the attention of music blogs and received positive reviews from some critics but failed to chart anywhere . A music video for the song , which was directed by Motellet Film and Lo , was released on 5 October 2012 . It shows the singer covered in black paint and performing acrobatics in the middle of a road and on a football field . Lo performed the track several times , including on the Swedish campaign Musikhjälpen and at Notting Hill Arts Club in London , United Kingdom .
Background and release
After the dissolution of their band Tremblebee , Tove Lo focused on writing songs and they signed a publishing deal with Warner/Chappell Music in 2011 . In the following year , they co-wrote `` Something New '' for Girls Aloud , and `` We Got the World '' and `` Ready for the Weekend '' for Icona Pop . After they signed the publishing deal , they felt `` lost '' and unsure of their identity . They were also going through a difficult time during a relationship , which led them to write songs that were not related to their life . However , at one point , they `` could n't handle it anymore '' and needed to write a personal song . Lo then co-wrote `` Love Ballad '' with Ludvig Söderberg and Jakob Jerlström ; it was their first collaboration . Söderberg and Jerlström also produced the track under their production name The Struts . According to Lo , an artist became interested in recording the song but considered it `` too brutal '' and wanted to change some of the lyrics . Because of this , Lo kept the song for herself . They said that after co-writing `` Love Ballad '' , they started to write songs `` that I felt I needed to get out of me '' .
Lo eventually self-released `` Love Ballad '' as their first single . It was sent to Swedish radio station P3 on 15 October 2012 . It was digitally released on 5 November 2012 . The song drew the attention of music blogs , which led Lo to start a career as an independent singer so they could record their most personal songs . `` Love Ballad '' was later featured on the Swedish edition of Lo 's debut extended play Truth Serum ( 2014 ) and as a bonus track on the North American version of their debut studio album Queen of the Clouds ( 2014 ) .
Inspiration and composition
`` Love Ballad '' is an uptempo pop song featuring drum instrumentation .
According to Lo , the songs on their extended play Truth Serum are about their `` most intense '' failed relationship . They stated , `` In its entirety , [ Truth Serum tells ] a love story from beginning to end . The song 'Love Ballad ' is about the moment you decide to give everything to another person , while 'Habits ' shows what happens when everything is screwed up and you just want to freak out . 'Out of Mind ' deals with the stage after that , when your broken heart has mended , but the scars are still there '' . In an interview with Klap Magazine , Lo said , `` 'Love Ballad ' is actually supposed to be a way of telling the one I love I 'd do anything for him . He 's worth the pain . A bit exaggerated but that 's what it feels like when you 're so into someone '' .
According to Rich Thane of The Line of Best Fit , the track details the `` carefree beginnings of a new romance '' . Michael Cragg of The Guardian described the song as an `` ode to falling dangerously in love with someone '' . Cragg also said the singer is `` willing to share their drugs '' with their lover in the verse `` Jump off a cliff / I 'd give you my last spliff / I 'd do it for you / Ai n't love sweet ? '' . According to Mark Savage of BBC News , the track `` parodies the preposterous promises '' made by musicians in love songs ; they cited the line `` Chop off my hands / Chop off my feet / I 'd do it for you / Ai n't love sweet ? '' as an example .
Reception
`` Love Ballad '' received positive reviews by some critics . Doron Davidson-Vidavski of The Line of Best Fit called it an `` infectious debut single '' , while a reviewer from Scandipop wrote that the song is `` rousingly melodic in both its production and its topline '' . Michael Cragg of The Guardian said Lo had started their career `` in fine style '' with the song . A reviewer for Nu Wave Pony described it as a `` lyrically obsessive and heart-wrenching pop song '' and said that `` it plays like a catchy summer song '' . Richard S. Chang of Redbull.com ranked it at number four on their top 5 of the Best Tove Lo songs . Writing for Discopop , Mark Savage said that `` Love Ballad '' is superior to `` Stay High '' , the remixed version of `` Habits ( Stay High ) '' .
Despite the positive reviews and its popularity among music blogs , `` Love Ballad '' failed to chart anywhere . In an interview with Gulf Times , Lo said they thought the song 's poor commercial reception was due to their change of stage name . They stated , `` [ 'Love Ballad ' ] did n't sell particularly well . I 'd used my real name , Tove Nilsson , when I was in Tremblebee so perhaps no-one knew who I was '' .
Music video
The music video for `` Love Ballad '' was co-directed by Tove Lo and Motellet Film . Lo also wrote the video 's script ; they said : `` Imagine sitting on a football field in the dark , freezing , after seven hours , covered only in black house paint , trying to put on fake eyelashes ! '' . MTV Sweden premiered the video on 5 October 2012 , and Lo released it on their YouTube channel on 8 October 2012 .
The video begins with Lo covered in black paint and walking in the middle of a road . In the next scene , they cover four men , who go to play rugby on a football field , in paint . Later , Lo is shown walking upside-down and performing other acrobatics on the road and the football field . Then , they appear wearing a hibiscus dress while singing the song in a rubbish dump . In the next scenes , Lo is walking topless through a field of flowers . Near the end , they are standing on the football field while the four men run up to them and cover them in paint . The video is interspersed with scenes of Lo performing the song with images of cities and explosions projected onto them
Live performances
On 10 December 2012 , Lo performed `` Love Ballad '' and `` Paradise '' on the Swedish campaign Musikhjälpen . On 10 April 2013 , they performed `` Love Ballad '' , `` Habits ( Stay High ) '' , `` Out of Mind '' and `` Not Made For This World '' at Swedish radio station P3 . Lo performed `` Love Ballad '' alongside other songs from Truth Serum and `` Run On Love '' during their first UK show at Notting Hill Arts Club , London , on 2 April 2014 . For the performance , they were accompanied by two drummers . A reviewer from Discopop said they were `` blown away '' and that it was `` so refreshing to be at a pop show that engages the heart as well as the senses '' . Michael Cragg of The Guardian rated the show with four stars out of five and deemed it as `` a punchy UK debut '' . Lo performed the same set list at their Hoxton Square Bar & Kitchen show on 6 May 2014 .
On 1 October 2014 , Lo performed `` Love Ballad '' and other songs at Webster Hall in Manhattan , New York City . On 30 March 2015 , they held a concert at KOKO in London , UK , and performed the track among others from Truth Serum and Queen of the Clouds . Amelia Maher of London In Stereo wrote , `` With the opening bars to 'Over ' and 'Love Ballad ' there is something different in [ Lo 's ] tone as they carelessly lay their soul bare for all to see and reveals that they are n't just a raunchy one trick pony '' . On 14 August 2015 , Lo performed the song at the Way Out West festival in Gothenburg , Sweden . On 11 September 2015 , they held a concert at the Deutsches Theater in Berlin , Germany , and performed `` Love Ballad '' and tracks from Truth Serum and Queen of the Clouds .
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Truth Serum .
Locations
Recorded at Warner/Chappell Studios , Stockholm
Mastered at Cutting Room , Stockholm
Personnel
Songwriting – Tove Lo , Jakob Jerlström , Ludvig Söderberg
Production – The Struts
Lead vocals – Tove Lo
Mixing – Lars Norgren
Programming – The Struts
Mastering – Björn Engelmann
Instrumentation – The Struts
Release history
References
External links
2012 songs
2012 debut singles
Tove Lo songs
Songs written by Tove Lo
Songs written by Ludvig Söderberg
Songs written by Jakob Jerlström
Ceracanthia schausi is a species of snout moth . It was described by Carl Heinrich in 1956 and is known from Costa Rica and Belize .
References
Moths described in 1956
Phycitinae
Kaluwas is a village in Rewari mandal of Rewari district , in the Indian state of Haryana . It is near Chandawas village Rewari at about on the approach Rewari- Mahendergarh District Road .
Demographics
As of 2011 India census , Kaluwas had a population of 1511 in 301 households . Males ( 778 ) constitute 51.48 % of the population and females ( 733 ) 48.51 % . Kaluwas has an average literacy ( 1144 ) rate of 75.71 % , more than the national average of 74 % : male literacy ( 659 ) is 57.60 % , and female literacy ( 485 ) is 42.39 % . In Kaluwas , 11.71 % of the population is under 6 years of age ( 177 ) .
Adjacent villages
Kharagwas
Chandawas
Saharanwas
Budhpur
References
Villages in Rewari district
Toru Takahashi ( Japanese : 高橋徹 Takahashi Tōru ; born January 1941 ) is a Japanese computer network researcher and business person . They are credited with contributing to the spread of the Internet into Japan and the rest of Asia in the 1990s and was a pivotal figure in the early commercial development of the Internet . For this reason , they are often called the `` Father of the Internet '' in Japan .
Takahashi was born in Utsunomiya , Tochigi Prefecture in 1941 . After graduating from the Faculty of Arts at Tohoku University in 1964 , they worked as a contributing editor and writer . Since 1982 , they have been involved in marketing of Videotex . Since 1986 , they have worked on a high-speed LAN construction project using UNIX workstations and routers . Since 1987 , they began researching the Internet and assumed office as a member of the Japan Unix Users Association . In 1993 , they became secretary general at the time of establishing the Japan Internet Association and became its chairperson in 1997 . In 1994 , they established the Tokyo Internet ISP and became its president . In 2001 , when the Japan Internet Association merged with the Electronic Network Council and became the Foundation Internet Association , they became the deputy chief of Foundation Internet Association , and in 2002 became the chairperson of the Asia Pacific Internet Association , and later became a director .
In 2002 , Takahashi received the Minister for Internal Affairs and Communications Minister 's Award for Information and Communication . In 2012 , they were chosen as the only Japanese person among the 33 members of the Internet Society 's Internet Hall of Fame in the Global Connectors category for their contributions in spreading the Internet into Japan and the rest of Asia .
Bibliography
References
External links
- Biography , introduction of books , etc .
1941 births
Living people
People from Utsunomiya , Tochigi
Japanese Internet celebrities
Japanese computer scientists
Japanese male writers
Japanese businesspeople
Tohoku University alumni
Internet pioneers
The 2009–10 season was Southend United 's 104th season in existence and their third consecutive season in League One . Along with competing in League One , the club also participated in the FA Cup , Football League Cup and Football League Trophy . Southend were relegated from League One , having finished 23rd , whilst they were eliminated from the FA Cup in the first round , and from the League Cup and Football League Trophy in the second . The season covers the period from 1 July 2009 to 30 June 2010 .
Season summary
First-team squad
Players ' ages as of 8 May 2010 .
Competitions
League One
League table
FA Cup
Football League Cup
Football League Trophy
Player statistics
Appearances and goals
References
Southend United F.C . seasons
Southend United
José Luis Espert ( born 21 November 1961 ) is an Argentine economist and politician who is known to be one of the strongest supporters of the economic liberalism in Argentina .
Espert proposes to deepen the commercial opening with the world and attacks against the limitations of Mercosur . They are against the `` corporations that devour the country '' : as an anti-system , they propose that the country `` change the system for another . '' With their ideology , they seek to position themselves as the only representative of liberalism . Espert considers themselves a `` common citizen '' , criticizes Mauricio Macri and Alberto Fernandez and claims to be the opposition figure to Kirchnerism .
Since 2021 , they have been a National Deputy elected in Buenos Aires Province for the Avanza Libertad coalition .
Education and career
They were born in Pergamino to a Catalan father and an Argentine mother . Their father , who died in 2018 , was a prominent business person linked to the rural sector .
They studied economics at the University of Buenos Aires ( UBA ) . They earned a master 's degree in economics at the University of CEMA ( UCEMA ) , and a Master 's in Statistics at the National University of Tucumán .
They started working at the Miguel Ángel Broda firm where they were a monetary policy analyst , later to become a chief economist at the same institution . They also worked as an econometrist at Estudio Arriazu firm and was a partner at Econométrica S.A . In 2000 , they founded their own firm , Estudio Espert , which offers macroeconomic consultancy and Asset Management .
They are a member of the Argentine Association of Political Economy ( Asociación Argentina de Economía Política ) . They were Econometrics professor at UBA and Public Finances professor at UCEMA .
They are a columnist in different newspapers , such as La Nación and El País from Uruguay . In 2015 , they were interviewed by José del Río at a La Nación program , which became the second-most viewed interview of the year .
Politics
They are very critical of the economic policies of the second presidency of Carlos Menem and the governments of Fernando de la Rúa , Eduardo Duhalde , Néstor Kirchner , Cristina Fernández and Mauricio Macri .
In December 2018 they officially launched their presidential campaign for the 2019 Argentine general election .
Espert 's proposals consist of lowering public spending , forming an agency similar to the US Drug Control Administration to combat drug trafficking , lowering taxes , decriminalizing personal marijuana use , decriminalizing abortion and reforming the education system through school vouchers .
They oppose industrial promotion regimes and believes that the right to strike has gone too far , harmed even the worker himself . Therefore , they seek a labor , tax and state reform in general . They also showed themselves in favor of privatizing inefficient state companies and the retirement system , to turn it into an individual capitalization system such as in Chile .
Espert signed the Madrid Charter , a document drafted by the conservative Spanish political party Vox that describes left-wing groups as enemies of Ibero-America involved in a `` criminal project '' that are `` under the umbrella of the Cuban regime '' .
Books
Argentina Devoured ( La Argentina Devorada ) ( 2017 )
The Complicit Society ( La Sociedad Cómplice ) ( 2019 )
Invisible Chains ( Cadenas Invisibles ) ( 2021 )
References
External links
Official site
Argentine people of Catalan descent
Argentine libertarians
Argentine economists
Libertarian economists
Argentine anti-communists
1961 births
Living people
University of Buenos Aires alumni
People from Pergamino
Signers of the Madrid Charter
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Buenos Aires Province
Thomas Brigg & Sons , said to have been founded in 1836 , were makers of umbrellas and canes in London . They merged with the London firm of Swaine & Adeney to form Swaine , Adeney , Brigg & Sons Ltd in 1943 .
History
An insurance record from 1809 provides early evidence that Charles Brigg , a plumassier or feather-maker , was working as a maker and supplier of plumes for the military at 3 Little Warwick Street ( now Warwick House Street ) off Charing Cross . An advertisement in the Morning Chronicle indicates that by 5 December 1817 they had moved to 63 Charing Cross , where they would work to the end of their career .
In 1828 , Charles Brigg 's son , Thomas Edward , opened a separate outlet at 23 St James 's Street , London . An advertisement in the Morning Post of 21 May 1828 shows that they had added the sale and repair of parasols to their line of business . They were ordered before the Bankruptcy Commissioners in 1829 but it appears that the creditors were placated , for they and their father were able to carry on trading .
The year 1836 , said to be that of the firm 's foundation , does not seem to have been characterized by a landmark event according to known documentary evidence of the company . However , that very year , John Tallis published a pictorial plan of St James 's Street on which No . 23 was labelled `` Brigg – Umbrella , Cane & Whip Maker '' .
By 1852 the firm was trading as Thomas Brigg & Son , reflecting the fact that Thomas 's son Edward had joined the family business . When Edward 's brother ( another Thomas ) went into partnership with him , the firm began trading as Thomas Brigg & Sons . The 1861 census listed Thomas Brigg as an umbrella-maker with five employees .
In 1879 , the silversmith Charles Henry Dumenil ( 1853–1921 ) registered their mark CD at the Goldsmiths ' Company . In 1894 , jointly with William Henry Brigg , they patented `` Improvements in the Combination of Pencils and the like with Walking Sticks and the like '' . One such walking stick ( in full-bark Malacca ) with concealed pencil was owned by the artist Augustus John .
The 1881 census listed Thomas Brigg Jr with fifteen employees .
In December 1884 , Thomas Brigg & Sons were awarded their first royal warrant as umbrella-makers to Queen Victoria .
in 1899 , the firm entered the continental market by opening a showroom at 33 avenue de l'Opéra , Paris , a splendid corner site at the junction with the rue Neuve-des-Petits-Champs ( since 1944 , the rue Danielle-Casanova ) in the 1st arrondissement . This shop brought more royal patrons , among them the King and Queen of Spain . By 1914 there were approved retail outlets for Brigg umbrellas in Barcelona , Berlin , Biarritz , Brussels , Buenos Aires , Florence , Madrid , Naples , Nice , Palermo , Rome and Vienna . In 1919 , the firm bought the goodwill and stock of the French parasol makers Bétaille on the rue Royale , Paris .
In their memoirs the cubist painter Amédée Ozenfant told of their proud but short-lived ownership of a Brigg umbrella , for which they had paid the astonishing price of 35 francs as a young man , only to lose it the next day in the métro .
In 1931 , Bertie and Guy Brigg turned the business into a limited company , and five years later , to mark the firm 's supposed foundation in 1836 , brought out the ultra-slim `` Centenary '' umbrella .
One Brigg umbrella was to achieve world fame . This was Neville Chamberlain 's gentleman 's black-silk umbrella with Mallaca cane handle spliced onto a Tonkin cane shaft with a gilt collar that they took with them to Munich for talks with Adolf Hitler in September 1938 and to Rome in January 1939 for their visit to Benito Mussolini . Newspapers came to see this umbrella as a symbol of hope . By July 1939 , Life magazine was talking about the `` umbrella of appeasement '' . Hitler , resentful of those who attended the Munich conference , poured scorn on what they called `` umbrella politicians '' . It was a sad irony that war should break out only months after Chamberlain had tried to avert it and that soon afterwards , in 1940 , the firm of Thomas Brigg & Sons should lose its Paris showroom to the German occupation of France .
In February 1943 , the firm joined forces with Swaine & Adeney to become Swaine , Adeney , Brigg & Sons Ltd , the merger overseen by Bertie Brigg . Brigg 's gave up its shop on St James 's Street but kept its manufactory for sticks and umbrellas at Newbury Street in the City of London .
Output
From relatively early on , Brigg chose to go down the route of individualized umbrella production , buying in the frame components from Fox Umbrella Frames Ltd , but using its own shafts , handles , ferrules , sliders and rib tips , not to mention covers . The firm was quick to complement its umbrella range with high-quality walking sticks .
For day wear walking sticks were lightweight and in wood , bamboo or cane with handles ranging from the discreet to the frivolous , with animal heads being popular . The style and workmanship of some handles suggest that the Czilinsky family of ivory and wood carvers may well have taken commissions from Brigg as it did from Swaine & Adeney .
For evening wear sticks might be of ebonized hardwoods or of exotic material such as tortoiseshell , while the knops might be in gold , crystal or set with jewels . Luxury handles for sticks were commissioned from silversmiths , wood and ivory carvers and turners . Brigg joined in the late Victorian and Edwardian craze for what are now known as gadget or system canes and umbrellas , with concealed pencils , atomizers and other trickery . The silversmith Charles Henry Dumenil was a leading exponent of such gadgetry as well as being a major supplier of mounts to the firm . Among other silversmiths providing mounts were Charles Cooke of Frith Street , Soho , James Damant of City Road and Thomas Johnson .
Awards at world 's fairs
1908 Franco-British Exhibition , London : Wins the Grand Prix for umbrellas
In public collections
Three umbrellas at the Metropolitan Museum of Art catalogued as by Thomas Briggs & Sons
One parasol by Thomas Brigg & Sons at the Gallery of Costume , Platt Hall , Manchester
Notes
Further reading
Farrell , Jeremy . Umbrellas & Parasols . The Costume Accessories Series under the general editorship of Aileen Ribeiro , London : B. T. Batsford , 1985
Prior , Katherine , with many photographs by James Austin ( 2012 ) . In Good Hands : 250 Years of Craftsmanship at Swaine Adeney Brigg . Cambridge : John Adamson . , `` Thomas Brigg & Sons : Royal Umbrella-Makers '' , pp . 90–121
Umbrella manufacturers
Umbrellas
Fashion accessories
Manufacturing companies based in London
Companies based in the City of Westminster
Artur Andrzej Pollok ( born 7 April 1972 in Kraków ) is a Polish economist who serves as an permanent representative to the FAO , WFP , IFAD in Rome ( since 2016 ) .
Life
Pollok in 1991 graduated from economic high school in Kraków . The same year they won the national Economic Knowledge Contest . Between 1991 and 1996 they were studying Banking and Finance , specialisation : Banking , at the Kraków Academy of Economics , receiving Master degree . They were studying also about Pope John Paul II life and philosophy at the Tischner European University in Kraków . In 2005 , they defended their Ph.D. thesis in economics .
In 1995 , while still being a student , they began their professional career as an assistant at the Department of Microeconomics , Faculty of Finance of the Kraków Academy of Economics . Following years , they were promoted to the post of assistant professor .
In 1996 , Pollok became an ordinary member of the Polish Economic Society , from 2005 to 2015 being its Vice President and secretaryof the Branch Board in Kraków . From 1995 to 2015 they were member of the Economic Knowledge Contest Head Committee , since 2004 deputy head of the Committee .
In 2016 they were appointed the Permanent Representative of Poland to the Food and Agriculture Organization , the World Food Programme , and the International Fund for Agricultural Development in Rome .
Besides Polish , they speak English , Italian and Russian languages . They are married to Katarzyna Dagmara Pollok , with two daughters .
Honours
2007 – Medal of the National Education Commission
2007 – Bronze Cross of Merit
2011 – Silver Cross of Merit
References
1972 births
Living people
Diplomats from Kraków
Kraków University of Economics alumni
Kraków University of Economics faculty
Permanent Representatives of Poland to the United Nations
Polish economists
Recipients of the Bronze Cross of Merit ( Poland )
Recipients of the Silver Cross of Merit ( Poland )
Poulenc Frères ( Poulenc Brothers ) was a French chemical , pharmaceutical and photographic supplies company that had its origins in a Paris pharmacy founded in 1827 .
From 1852 it began to manufacture ( or package ) photographic chemicals .
It took the name Poulenc Frères in 1881 , and by 1900 had a range of high-quality products .
That year it went public as the Établissements Poulenc Frères .
It began production of synthetic medicines , and continued to grow during World War I ( 1914–18 ) .
In 1928 it merged with the Société des usines chimiques du Rhône to form Rhône-Poulenc .
Origins
The company can trace its roots to the Pharmacie-Droguerie Hédouin , a pharmacy founded in 1827 in the rue Saint-Merri , Paris .
The baker Pierre Wittman ( 1798–1880 ) bought the store in 1845 .
Their daughter , Pauline Wittmann ( 1828–1910 ) , married Étienne Poulenc ( 1823–78 ) in February 1851 .
They had three sons : Gaston ( 1852–1948 ) , Emile ( 1855–1917 ) and Camille ( 1864–1942 ) .
Etienne Poulenc was a pharmacist and a chemist , and partnered with their father-in-law .
They became sole owner in 1858 .
With their brother-in-law Léon Whittman , Etienne began to manufacture photographic products , which up to then the business had only retailed , under the `` P.W . '' brand .
Starting in 1852 the products needed for photographic collodion were prepared or packaged in a factory in Vaugirard .
These included silver bromide and iodide , iodine chloride and sodium thiosulfate ( `` hypo '' ) .
In 1859 Poulenc opened a factory in Ivry-sur-Seine that prepared salts of iron and antimony , and many products needed for manufacture and processing of the new gelatin-silver bromide plates , which had replaced collodion : ammonium ferric citrate , sodium acetate , and compounds for fixing and developing the photographs .
Étienne Poulenc became well-known for manufacturing chemical products for use in photography .
Poulenc et Wittmann of 7 rue Neuve-Saint-Merri exhibited at the 1878 Universal Exposition .
The firm sold chemical , pharmaceutical , photographic and industrial products .
Poulenc Frères
Etienne Poulenc died in 1878 .
Their wife continued the business , and soon brought in their oldest sons Gaston and Emile .
The company was renamed Veuve Poulenc et Fils ( Poulenc Widow and Sons ) in 1878 , then Poulenc Frères ( Poulenc Brothers ) in 1881 .
The Poulenc brothers manufactured laboratory equipment as well as distributing chemical products of guaranteed purity and reagents for research laboratories .
They moved into pharmaceutical products such as sodium methylarsinate ( 1892 ) , cacodylates , valerianate of Iron , quinine , calcium albuminate , copper albuminate , naphthol and phenol derivatives .
They set up a new factory in Montreuil , Seine-Saint-Denis that manufactured antimony , iron , tin and silver salts for glassware and ceramics , and also produced laboratory reagents .
In the 1890s Poulenc Frères produced fine inorganic iodides and bromides for medical use , pure chemicals such as lithium , chromium and molybdenum for scientific research and chemicals such as potassium bromide for photography .
The company was the leading supplier of fine chemicals to pharmacists and researchers , and the leader source of photographic supplies .
However , it did not manufacture most of these goods .
The company expanded by producing colors for glass and ceramics .
Camille Poulenc , who had been born in Paris in 1864 , was the youngest child of Etienne and Pauline .
They were educated by the Brothers of the Christian Schools of Passy , then dedicated themselves to pharmacy and research .
They studied under Henri Moissan , who made them first investigate gaseous bodies .
They qualified as a pharmacist in 1891 and a doctor of science in 1893 .
They then joined the family company .
After Camille joined , the company opened a research laboratory to produce pure and rigorously controlled mineral salts .
They added a scientific library to the laboratory .
Camille became interested in radium in 1900 and met Pierre and Marie Curie , who gave them a sample of the metal so they could study its effects .
Camille 's most important achievement was to start manufacturing medicines using organic and synthetic chemistry .
Établissements Poulenc Frères
In 1900 Poulenc Frères became a public limited company , the Établissements Poulenc Frères .
The three brothers held about 2/3 of the capital .
The company had a capital of 4 million francs and was backed by the Banque privée Lyon-Marseille .
In 1900 the Établissements Poulenc Frères occupied several sites including a branch on the rue Vieille-du-Temple in the 3rd arrondissement , a shop on the boulevard Saint-Germain in the 6th arrondissement , factories in Ivry port and Ivry center and a colorant factory at Montreuil-sous-Bois .
The Établissements Poulenc Frères exhibited at the Exposition Universelle of 1900 .
A laboratory was opened where experiments on animals could be conducted .
The company purchased a large property in Vitry-sur-Seine , and bought a small organic product company in Livron-sur-Drôme .
Poulenc Frères began to commercialize photographic film , and then rayon .
In 1903 it opened a new establishment on the rue du Quatre-Septembre in Paris dedicated to photography products and materials with a projection room in the basement that could seat 100 people .
The company did not try to become a global leader , but did succeed in competition with Swiss and German manufacturers .
Ernest Fourneau joined as a researcher .
They were a pupil of Friedel and Moureu who had studied in the German laboratories of Ludwig Gattermann in Heidelberg , Hermann Emil Fischer in Berlin and Richard Willstätter in Munich .
In 1903 , Ernest Fourneau took over the management of a newly created pharmaceutical research department whose laboratories were located in Ivry .
They headed the research laboratory in Ivry-sur-Seine from 1903 to 1911 .
One of the products was a synthetic local anesthetic that was named `` Stovaine '' ( Amylocaine ) .
This was a pun on the English translation of `` fourneau '' as `` stove '' .
At the end of 1903 Fourneau and Poulenc frères filed the patents for stovaïne , the first commercially exploitable synthetic local anesthetic which remained in use until the 1940s .
Other important medicines were antipyretics .
In 1910 Fourneau accepted the directorship of the Pasteur Institute 's therapeutic chemistry section , with the condition that they maintained their ties with Poulenc Frères .
The relationship with the Paris-based Pasteur Institute , a leading medical research center , gave the company a valuable advantage .
A new plant was built in Vitry-sur-Seine in 1907 .
The company transferred its factories there from Ivry .
By 1913 the company had 480 employees .
There were eleven pharmacists , five civil engineers and nineteen chemists .
The Poulenc brothers became interested in the research into catalytic hydrogenation being undertaken by Paul Sabatier and Jean-Baptiste Senderens in Toulouse .
In 1913 they invited the Abbé Senderens to move to Vitry .
The company developed and manufactured new organic and mineral products .
Research by Fourneau and Francis Billon gave Poulenc Frères the ability to copy German synthetic drugs before 1914 , although at first their versions of these drugs were not profitable .
The outbreak of World War I ( 1914–18 ) brought new business to most French chemical companies , including Poulenc Frères .
The government gave the company contracts to produce poison gas and antidotes for poison gas .
It started producing German products that could no longer be obtained in France and England , including the syphilis treatments salvarsan ( arsphenamine ) and neo-salvarsan .
Between 1914 and 1916 the workforce grew from 500 to 2,000 and sales from 15.7 million francs to nearly 36 million francs .
Poulenc Frères had made an agreement in 1909 by which the British firm May & Baker could license Poulenc 's patents , which took effect in 1916 .
May & Baker opened a new research laboratory for chemotherapeutic products in Wandsworth .
The company managed to weather the industrial crisis of 1920 .
Based on expanded sales during the war and the expectation that Germany would offer less competition after the war , Poulenc Frères expanded their production capacity for synthetic drugs .
In 1927 the company bought a controlling interest in May & Baker .
After the take-over , May & Baker research technicians were trained by Poulenc Frères .
In 1928 the Établissements Poulenc Frères merged with the Société chimique des usines du Rhône , which had been founded in 1895 , to form Rhône-Poulenc .
After the merger Rhône-Poulenc was the largest producer of organic chemicals other than dyes in France .
Notes
Sources
Pharmaceutical companies of France
Defunct companies of France
1881 establishments in France
1928 disestablishments in France
List of student organizations in Bangladesh .
See also
Bangladesh Awami League
Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami
Bangladesh Nationalist Party
Socialist Party of Bangladesh
Islami Andolan Bangladesh
References
Bangladeshi student movements
Student wings of political parties in Bangladesh
Mikhail Kukushkin was the defending champion , but did not take part this year .
Borna Ćorić won the title by defeating Malek Jaziri 6–1 , 6–7 ( 7–9 ) , 6–4 in the final .
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Main Draw
Qualifying Draw
Turk Telecom Izmir Cup - Singles
2014 Singles
The Legend and the Hero 2 is a Chinese television series adapted from the novel Fengshen Yanyi ( also known as Investiture of the Gods or Creation of the Gods ) written by Xu Zhonglin and Lu Xixing . The series was first broadcast on TTV from September to October 2009 , and was preceded by The Legend and the Hero in 2007 .
Cast
Victor Huang as King Wu of Zhou
Ray Lui as King Zhou of Shang
Ruby Lin as Daji
Liu Dekai as Jiang Ziya
Miao Haizhong as Shen Gongbao
Ix Shen as Huang Feihu
Bonnie Xian as Nezha
Han Dong as Yang Jian
Wang Like as Ziyu
Yan Boya as Fenglai
Tang Guoqiang as Yuanshi Tianzun
Yang Long as Huang Tianhua
Du Zhiguo as Su Hu
Ding Ting as Jinzha
Yang Chen as Muzha
Qi Fang as Deng Chanyu
Cheng Yalin as Tuxingsun
Lou Qi as Wu Ji
Yang Bo as Huang Tianxiang
Yao Yunshun as Tongtian Jiaozhu
Mou Fengbin as Kong Xuan
Li Zixuan as Leizhenzi
Li Xinling as Guanghan Fairy
Lu Yujie as Princess Longji
Pierre Png as Hong Jin
Huang Jingjun as Guangchengzi
Li Jun as Chijingzi
Xu Jingyi as Juliusun
Zhu Jiazhen as Yang Ren
Xie Jiaqi as Zheng Lun
They Lei as Yunzhongzi
Xu Jiamin as Taishang Laojun
Chi Sheze as Immortal Puxian
Luo Shunming as Taoist Zhunti
Luo Yongheng as Immortal Taiyi
Wu Lihua as Qingxu Daode
Sun Wanqing as Taoist Jieyin
Guo Ye as Immortal Cihang
Li Jianchang as Immortal Huanglong
Jiao Changdao as Immortal Jinguang
Wu Xiangqi as Holy Mother of Golden Spirit
Chen Qiufang as Holy Mother of Wudang
Yu Yang as Immortal Kunlu
Jiang Bozhou as Wei Hu
Zhu Yanfei as Nangong Shi
Xie Lin as Master Yiqi
Zhang Jiajun as Taoist Duobao
Cheng Lidong as Wenshu Chufa
Music
Opening theme : Ai ( 愛 ) performed by Fan Zhuqing and Wang Yingzi
Ending themes :
Fengshen Bang ( 封神榜 ) performed by Zhou Peng
Yishi Qing ( 一世情 ) performed by Chen Guoning
See also
Gods of Honour
The Legend and the Hero
External links
The Legend and the Hero 2 on Sina.com
The Legend and the Hero 2 on TTV 's website
2009 Chinese television series debuts
2009 Chinese television series endings
Television shows based on Investiture of the Gods
In mathematics , Vinogradov 's mean value theorem is an estimate for the number of equal sums of powers .
It is an important inequality in analytic number theory , named for I. M. Vinogradov .
More specifically , let count the number of solutions to the system of simultaneous Diophantine equations in variables given by
with
.
That is , it counts the number of equal sums of powers with equal numbers of terms ( ) and equal exponents ( ) ,
up to th powers and up to powers of . An alternative analytic expression for is
where
Vinogradov 's mean-value theorem gives an upper bound on the value of .
A strong estimate for is an important part of the Hardy-Littlewood method for attacking Waring 's problem and also for demonstrating a zero free region for the Riemann zeta-function in the critical strip . Various bounds have been produced for , valid for different relative ranges of and . The classical form of the theorem applies when is very large in terms of .
An analysis of the proofs of the Vinogradov mean-value conjecture can be found in the Bourbaki Séminaire talk by Lillian Pierce .
Lower bounds
By considering the solutions where
one can see that .
A more careful analysis ( see Vaughan equation 7.4 ) provides the lower bound
Proof of the Main conjecture
The main conjecture of Vinogradov 's mean value theorem was that the upper bound is close to this lower bound . More specifically that for any we have
This was proved by Jean Bourgain , Ciprian Demeter , and Larry Guth and by a different method by Trevor Wooley .
If
this is equivalent to the bound
Similarly if the conjectural form is equivalent to the bound
Stronger forms of the theorem lead to an asymptotic expression for , in particular for large relative to the expression
where is a fixed positive number depending on at most and , holds , see Theorem 1.2 in .
History
Vinogradov 's original theorem of 1935 showed that for fixed with
there exists a positive constant such that
Although this was a ground-breaking result , it falls short of the full conjectured form . Instead it demonstrates the conjectured form when
.
Vinogradov 's approach was improved upon by Karatsuba and Stechkin who showed that for there exists a positive constant such that
where
Noting that for
we have
,
this proves that the conjectural form holds for of this size .
The method can be sharpened further to prove the asymptotic estimate
for large in terms of .
In 2012 Wooley improved the range of for which the conjectural form holds . They proved that for
and
and for any we have
Ford and Wooley have shown that the conjectural form is established for small in terms of . Specifically they show that for
and
for any
we have
References
Theorems in analytic number theory
Dolores Formation may refer to
Dolores Formation , Chinle Group , Triassic geologic formation of the United States
Dolores Formation , Uruguay , Pleistocene geologic formation of Uruguay
The 1962 Nobel Prize in Literature was awarded to the American author John Steinbeck ( 1902–1968 ) `` for their realistic and imaginative writings , combining as they do sympathetic humour and keen social perception . ''
Laureate
Social conditions of migrants and seasonal workers became a recurring theme in Steinbeck 's writings and were particularly evident in Of Mice and Men ( 1937 ) and The Grapes of Wrath ( 1939 ) . The latter relates how unemployment and abuse of power forced farmers to migrate from Oklahoma to California . Sympathy with the downtrodden and the poor characterizes their writing . It is expressed with a compassionate sense of humor and a sharp eye for social and economic injustices . Their other outstanding works include East of Eden ( 1952 ) , Tortilla Flat ( 1935 ) and The Pearl ( 1947 ) .
Nominations
Steinbeck was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature on 11 occasions , the first time in 1943 . In 1962 , the Nobel committee received two nominations for him . Included in the shortlisted nominees were Steinbeck , Robert Graves , Lawrence Durrell , Jean Anouilh , and Karen Blixen . Steinbeck was awarded eventually , but the four never received the prize .
15 of the nominees were nominated first-time , among them William Heinesen , Pietro Ubaldi , Ronald Syme , Carl Zuckmayer , André Schwarz-Bart , Josep Carner and Eyvind Johnson ( awarded in 1974 ) . British novelist E. M. Forster earned the highest number of nominations ( 4 nominations ) followed by Jean-Paul Sartre and Friedrich Dürrenmatt ( 3 nominations each ) . Three of the nominees were women namely Karen Blixen , Gertrud von le Fort and Giulia Scappino Mureno .
The authors Francisco Méndez , E. E. Cummings , Arthur Oncken Lovejoy , Georges Bataille , Gerrit Achterberg , Pierre Benoit , Robinson Jeffers , Richard Aldington , Patrick Hamilton , Wilfrid Wilson Gibson , Antonio Acevedo Hernández , Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar , Mohammad Yamin , Sandu Tudor , Ouyang Yuqian , Jean Devanny , Patrícia Rehder Galvão ( known as Pagu ) , Agnes Henningsen , Maria Dermoût , Vita Sackville-West , Mary Gilmore , and María Rosa Lida de Malkiel died in 1962 without having been nominated for the prize . Danish author Karen Blixen and German translator Rudolf Alexander Schröder died weeks before the announcement .
Prize Decision
In 2012 ( 50 years later ) , the Nobel Prize opened its archives and it was revealed that Steinbeck was a `` compromise choice '' among a shortlist consisting of Steinbeck , British authors Robert Graves and Lawrence Durrell , French dramatist Jean Anouilh and Danish author Karen Blixen . The declassified documents showed that they were chosen as the best of a bad lot : `` There are n't any obvious candidates for the Nobel prize and the prize committee is in an unenviable situation , '' wrote committee member Henry Olsson . Although the committee believed Steinbeck 's best work was behind them by 1962 , committee member Anders Österling believed the release of their novel The Winter of Our Discontent showed that `` after some signs of slowing down in recent years , [ Steinbeck has ] regained their position as a social truth-teller [ and is an ] authentic realist fully equal to their predecessors Sinclair Lewis and Ernest Hemingway . '' In total , the Swedish Academy received 86 nominations for 66 individuals .
In 2010 , Swedish Academy 's archives later revealed that Danish writer Karen Blixen was a favorite candidate since 1959 but was missed out because the committee were concerned about showing favoritism to Scandinavian writers . `` The Nobel academy was probably afraid to appear provincial , '' Johannes Riis , literary director at Gyldendals publishing house told Politiken . `` And so a mistake was made , because obviously Karen Blixen ought to have received the Nobel prize . Instead , it was a kind of reverse provincialism . '' Blixen eventually died in September 7 , 1962 , making them ineligible further for the prize .
Reactions
The selection of Steinbeck was heavily criticized , and described as `` one of the Academy 's biggest mistakes '' in one Swedish newspaper . While there were some positive reactions in America , The New York Times asked why the Nobel committee gave the award to an author whose `` limited talent is , in their best books , watered down by tenth-rate philosophising '' , adding , `` we think it interesting that the laurel was not awarded to a writer ... whose significance , influence and sheer body of work had already made a more profound impression on the literature of our age '' . Steinbeck himself , when asked if they deserved the Nobel on the day of the announcement , replied : `` Frankly , no . '' Today , however , many of Steinbecks works are widely read and considered classics of Western literature .
References
External links
Prize presentation nobelprize.org
The Nobel Prize Award Ceremony 1962 - NobelPrize.org
Nobel Prize in Literature
John Steinbeck
Catharina Eline Maria `` Catalien '' Neelissen ( born 4 November 1961 in Haarlem , North Holland ) is a former international rower from the Netherlands , who won the bronze medal in the Women 's Eights at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California . Them teammates were Marieke van Drogenbroek , Lynda Cornet , Greet Hellemans , Nicolette Hellemans , Harriet van Ettekoven , Martha Laurijsen , Anne Quist , and Wiljon Vaandrager .
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Dutch female rowers
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Haarlem
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
20th-century Dutch women
21st-century Dutch women
Duke City Roller Derby ( DCRD ) is a women 's flat-track roller derby league based in Albuquerque , New Mexico . Founded in 2005 , Duke City is a founding member of the Women 's Flat Track Derby Association ( WFTDA ) .
History
Founded in 2005 , Duke City is the oldest roller derby organization in Albuquerque . Early on , the league comprised three teams based in Albuquerque , one in Santa Fe and one in Rio Rancho . By 2009 , the league had moved its home events to the Santa Ana Star Center in Rio Rancho , with the hopes of drawing 1,000 fans per game .
Originally in the WFTDA 's West Region , Duke City was moved to the South Central Region in 2011 . Duke City has been credited with developing `` slow derby '' strategies that are still employed by top teams in the WFTDA .
Teams
Duke City has three home teams , comprising the Disco Brawlers , Dooms Dames and Hobots . Duke City has two travel teams , the Juggernaughties B-team , and the Muñecas Muertas - `` Murder Dolls '' - A team , which competes against other A teams of members of the WFTDA .
Duke City also operates a junior roller derby branch called the Marionettes , for girls between the ages of 8 to 17 .
WFTDA competition
Duke City 's all-star travel team , the Mueñcas Muertas , represented the league at the first WFTDA Championships in 2006 , where they finished 19th out of 20 teams . At the 2007 WFTDA Western Regional Tournament Duke City won their opening game 110-82 over the Rocky Mountain Rollergirls , but then lost to Tucson Roller Derby in the quarterfinals , 166–41 . At the 2008 Western Regional , Duke City opened with a victory over Pikes Peak Derby Dames and then upset the defending WFTDA Champion Kansas City Roller Warriors 132–117 , automatically qualifying for Championships . Duke City then lost to Bay Area in the semifinals and Rat City Rollergirls in the third place game to finish Westerns in fourth place . At Championships in Portland , Duke City lost their opening round game to Gotham Girls Roller Derby 182–25 . At the 2009 Western Regional , Duke City lost the fifth place game to Bay Area 105-103 to finish in sixth place . As the eighth seed at the 2009 Western Playoff , Duke City lost their opening games to Tucson and Denver , before falling to Sacred City Derby Girls to finish in tenth place .
Ahead of the 2013 season , the WFTDA restructured its playoff system and that year Duke City qualified for the first Division 2 Playoff in Des Moines , Iowa as the sixth seed . Duke City defeated the Omaha Rollergirls 212-189 to finish in seventh place .
Rankings
In the community
Duke City members do community outreach and fundraising , for organizations such as Ronald McDonald House and the Rape Crisis Center of Central New Mexico .
References
External links
DCRD Official Website
Roller derby leagues in New Mexico
Women 's sports in the United States
Sports in Albuquerque , New Mexico
Roller derby leagues established in 2005
2005 establishments in New Mexico
The elegant woodcreeper ( Xiphorhynchus elegans ) is a species of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily ( Dendrocolaptinae ) . It was formerly considered a subspecies of Spix 's woodcreeper . It is found in the western and southern Amazon in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru . Its natural habitat is tropical humid lowland forests . The subspecies X. e. juruanus is sometimes treated as a separate species , Juruá woodcreeper .
References
Xiphorhynchus
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds described in 1868
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Prairie Raiders is a 1947 American Western film directed by Derwin Abrahams and written by Ed Earl Repp . The film stars Charles Starrett , Nancy Saunders , Mark Roberts , Ozie Waters and Smiley Burnette . The film was released on May 29 , 1947 , by Columbia Pictures .
Plot
Cast
Charles Starrett as Steve Bolton / The Durango Kid
Nancy Saunders as Ann Bradford
Mark Roberts as Bronc Masters
Ozie Waters as Ozie Waters
Smiley Burnette as Smiley Burnette
Hugh Prosser as Spud Henley
Lane Bradford as Stark
Ray Bennett as Flagg
Douglas D. Coppin as Clerk Briggs
Steve Clark as Sheriff
Tommy Coats as Shorty
Frank LaRue as Bradford
John Cason as Cinco
Sam Flint as Secretary of the Interior
References
External links
1947 films
American Western ( genre ) films
1947 Western ( genre ) films
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Derwin Abrahams
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Rudolph Edward Torrini ( March 31 , 1923 – September 5 , 2018 ) was an American artist best known for their sculptures , wood carvings and bronze public monuments in the St. Louis area , including `` The Immigrants '' , `` The Union Soldier , '' and `` Martin Luther King . '' A student of Croatian sculptor Ivan Meštrović , their work is also influenced by the works of Auguste Rodin . Torrini trained and taught Bob Cassilly , founder of the City Museum in St. Louis , and also helped establish the Master of Fine Arts program in Fontbonne College .
Life and career
Early life
Rudolph Torrini was born in St. Louis the son of Stella DiPalma , a pianist in silent movie houses , and Cherinto Torrini , a plaster mold-maker from Garfagnana , Tuscany . After the death of their father , they became a jazz saxophone performer in their teenage years to support their family , then enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1942 , serving as a clarinetist on the ship 's band of the transport ship U.S.S . West Point .
Torrini had begun drawing during the war , and afterwards earned a BFA at the St. Louis School of Fine Arts at Washington University , then was awarded a Fulbright scholarship to study for a year at the Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze in Florence , Italy in 1949 . Afterwards , they earned their MFA at the University of Notre Dame , where they studied under Ivan Meštrović . They went on to teach first at Webster College ( now Webster University ) for 17 years , then chaired the Art Department at Fontbonne College for 35 years .
St. Louis artists community
Torrini was part of the community of 20th Century St. Louis artists that included Edward Boccia , Fred Green Carpenter , Fred Conway , Herb Cummings , Werner Drewes , Gustav Goetsch , Bill Fett , Phil Sultz , Jan Sultz , and Bob Cassilly . They did most of their initial work with clay at their studio in their home in the St. Louis suburb of Webster Groves . Torrini is married to Ann Walsh Torrini , a painter and maker of stained glass window illustrations , and has four children .
Musical career
Rudolph Torrini first worked as a jazz saxophone player and clarinetists during the 1930s and 40s , including performing as part of the Navy Band present at Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's funeral . Later , in the 1970s , they formed a Dixieland band with five other musicians called Tiger Rag Jazz Forever , which performed in the St. Louis area and recorded 3 LPs , including Tigers on Parade . All of their recordings feature clarinet and saxophone solos by Torrini . In addition , they were a lover of classical music , and always listened to it while working on their sculptures in their studio .
Death
Torrini died on September 5 , 2018 at the age of 95 , following complications from Alzheimer 's disease .
Major works
Rudolph Torrini is best known for their bronze cast public monuments , but they have also made many smaller statues , bas-reliefs , wood carvings , and drawings . A lifelong Catholic , many of their works have religious themes ( for example `` John Paul II '' , `` St. Patrick '' ) , while others commemorate groups or individuals , ( `` Italian Immigrants '' , `` Martin Luther King '' ) or explore the human body ( `` The Four Seasons and the Clouds '' ) .
Public monuments in the St. Louis Area
`` The Union Soldier , '' Museum of Westward Expansion inside the Gateway Arch
`` The Italian Immigrants , '' The Hill
`` The Soccer Player , '' St. Louis Soccer Park ( 7 foot bronze )
`` Martin Luther King , '' Fountain Park , 1978 ( 11 foot bronze , cast in Italy , unveiled by St. Louis Mayor James Conway )
`` St. Louis Police Memorial , Civil Courts Building , 1988 . ( 10 foot bronze , commemorates St. Louis police officers fallen in the line of duty )
`` A Boy and Their Dog , '' Dogtown
`` Christopher Harris , '' Cardinal Glennon Children 's Hospital , 1997 ( 5 foot hollow-cast bronze ; commemorates 9 years old child slain in the crossfire of a gunfight . Melted hand guns incorporated inside the cast to symbolize the importance of non-violence . Dedicated by St. Louis Mayor Clarence Harmon ) .
`` Pope John Paul II , '' Cathedral Basilica of Saint Louis ( 7 foot bronze )
`` The Four Seasons and the Clouds , '' City Museum ( Plaster )
Other major works
`` Martyr 's Monument , '' Ruma , Illinois , 1992 . ( 15 foot bronze ; commemorates 5 nuns killed in the Liberian civil war )
`` St. Patrick , '' Missouri S & T , Rolla , Missouri
`` Tom Dooley , '' University of Notre Dame , Michigan
Discography
I Hear Tigers
Jazz Classics
Tigers on Parade
Honors and awards
Knighthoods from the Italian government ( Cavaliere and Commendatore al Merito della Republica , Italy , 1973 and 1977
Fellow of the National Sculpture Society , 1990
Gold Medal from the Italian city of Lucca for contributions to Italian-American culture ( Lucchesi chi hanno onorato Lucca nel mondo ) , 1990
Honorary Lifetime Achievement in the Arts Award , Webster Groves , Missouri , 2012 .
References
External links
Personal Website and Gallery
1923 births
2018 deaths
American sculptors of Italian descent
Artists from St. Louis
Musicians from St. Louis
Military personnel from Missouri
Sam Fox School of Design & Visual Arts alumni
Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze alumni
University of Notre Dame alumni
Fontbonne University
Webster University faculty
American saxophonists
American male saxophonists
The protected designation of origin ( PDO ) is a type of geographical indication of the European Union and the United Kingdom aimed at preserving the designations of origin of food-related products . The designation was created in 1992 and its main purpose is to designate products that have been produced , processed and developed in a specific geographical area , using the recognized know-how of local producers and ingredients from the region concerned .
The list below also shows other geographical indications .
Features
The characteristics of the products protected are essentially linked to their terroir . The European or UK PDO logo , of which the use is compulsory , documents this link . European Regulation 510/2006 of 20 March 2006 acknowledges a priority to establish a community protection system that ensures equal conditions of competition between producers . This European Regulation is intended to guarantee the reputation of regional products , adapt existing national protections to make them comply with the requirements of the World Trade Organization , and inform consumers that products bearing the protected designation of origin logo comply with the conditions of production and origin specified by the designation . The Regulation applies to certain agricultural products and foods for which there is a link between the characteristics of the product or the food and its geographical origin : they may be wines , cheeses , hams , sausages , olives , beers , fruits , vegetables , breads or animal feed .
Foods such as Parmigiano-Reggiano , Gorgonzola , Asiago cheese , Camembert de Normandie , and Champagne can be labeled as such only if they come from the designated region . For example , to be marketed under the Roquefort designation of origin , a cheese must be processed from raw milk from a certain breed of sheep ( Lacaune ) , the animals must be raised in a specific territory and the cheese obtained must be refined in one of the cellars at Roquefort-sur-Soulzon in the French department of Aveyron , where it must be seeded with mold spores ( Penicillium roqueforti ) prepared from traditional strains endemic to these same cellars .
PDO in different languages
The PDO logo is available in all languages of the European Union and companies are free to use the logo and abbreviation of any of the versions . Examples of different language versions are shown below :
European register
The protected names are entered in the European `` Register of Protected Designations of Origin and Protected Geographical Indications '' , or `` EU Quality Register '' for short , which is maintained by the European Commission 's Directorate-General for Agriculture and Rural Development . The applications , publications , registrations and any changes are recorded in the DOOR ( Database of Origin and Registration ) database and can be accessed online by anyone .
Starting on 1 April 2019 , the online database eAmbrosia was put into operation by the European Commission , which lists information about protected wines , spirits and food in the European Union and the previous three different databases : E-SPIRIT-DRINKS , DOOR and E -BACCHUS replaced on 31 December 2019 .
Lists of PDO products by country
See also
Appellation d'origine contrôlée
Appellation d'origine protégée ( Switzerland )
Geographical indications and traditional specialities in the European Union
List of geographical indications in India
List of Italian products with protected designation of origin
List of Portuguese food and drink products with protected status
List of Republic of Ireland food and drink products with protected status
List of United Kingdom food and drink products with protected status
Protected Geographical Indications for Georgian products
References
Country of origin
European Union food law
Food product brands
Geographical indications
Geographical indications law of the European Union
Products with protected designation of origin
The 1988 Jordanian League ( known as The Jordanian League , was the 38th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944 . Al-Faysali won its 21st title .
Teams
Map
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship .
League standings
References
RSSSF
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Interborough Rapid Transit Rangers , better known as the IRT Rangers , were an early twentieth century U.S. soccer team sponsored by the New York City Interborough Rapid Transit Company .
History
In the mid-1920s the Rangers were an amateur team in the Southern New York Soccer Association ( SNYSA ) . In 1928 , the professional American Soccer League boycotted the National Challenge Cup . Three teams defied the boycott and were suspended by the league . This led the United States Football Association ( USFA ; now USSF ) to declare the ASL an “ outlaw league ” . The USFA also bankrolled the creation of a league to rival the ASL . Named the Eastern Professional Soccer League , or Eastern Soccer League for short , the ESL was formed around the three suspended ASL teams and several teams , including the IRT Rangers , pulled from the SNYSSA . The ESL existed for one and a half seasons , beginning in the fall of 1928 . Building on the core of several ex-ASL players , Rangers placed fourth in the first season but was at the bottom of the standings after the first half of the 1929-1930 season . During the mid-season break , the ASL capitulated to USFA and the ESL and ASL merged to create the Atlantic Coast Conference . The Rangers did not make the move to the new league . However , they did go to the third round of the 1930 National Challenge Cup .
Homefield
During their short existence as a professional team , the Rangers held their home games at several fields , including Dyckman Oval , New York and McGoldrick Field , Greenpoint .
Year-by-year
External links
Eastern Soccer League
References
Defunct soccer clubs in New York City
Men 's soccer clubs in New York ( state )
Eastern Professional Soccer League ( 1928–29 ) teams
Jaggery is a traditional non-centrifugal cane sugar consumed in the Indian Subcontinent , Southeast Asia , and Africa . It is a concentrated product of cane juice and often date or palm sap without separation of the molasses and crystals , and can vary from golden brown to dark brown in colour . It contains up to 50 % sucrose , up to 20 % invert sugars , and up to 20 % moisture , with the remainder made up of other insoluble matter , such as wood ash , proteins , and bagasse fibres . Jaggery is very similar to muscovado , an important sweetener in Portuguese , British and French cuisine . The Kenyan Sukari ngutu/nguru has no fibre ; it is dark and is made from sugar cane and also sometimes extracted from palm tree .
Etymology
Jaggery comes from Portuguese terms , , dervied from Malayalam ( ) , Kannada ( ) , Hindi ( ) , and ultimately from Sanskrit ( ) . It is a doublet of sugar .
Origins and production
Jaggery is made of the products of sugarcane and the toddy palm tree . The sugar made from the sap of the date palm is more prized and less commonly available outside of the regions where it is made . The toddy palm is tapped for producing jaggery in India , Bangladesh , Pakistan , Nepal , Myanmar and Sri Lanka .
In Sri Lanka , syrup extracts from kithul ( Caryota urens ) trees are widely used for jaggery production .
All types of the sugar come in blocks or pastes of solidified concentrated sugar syrup heated to . Traditionally , the syrup is made by boiling raw sugarcane juice or palm sap in large , shallow , round-bottomed vessels .
Preparation
Historically , the sugarcane cultivators used crushers that were powered by oxen , but all modern crushers are power-driven . These crushers are placed in fields near the sugarcane plants . The cut and cleaned sugarcane is crushed and the extracted cane juice is collected in a large vessel . A quantity of the juice is transferred to a smaller vessel for heating on a furnace .
The vessel is heated for about an hour . Dried wood pulp from the crushed sugarcane is traditionally used as fuel for the furnace . While boiling the juice , lime is added to it so that all the wood particles rise to the top of the juice in a froth , which is skimmed off . Finally , the juice is thickened . The resulting thick liquid is about one-third of the original volume .
This hot liquid is golden . It is stirred continuously and lifted with a spatula to observe whether it forms a thread or drips while falling . If it forms many threads , it has completely thickened . It is poured into a shallow flat-bottomed pan to cool and solidify . The pan is extremely large to allow only a thin coat of this hot liquid to form at its bottom , so as to increase the surface area for quick evaporation and cooling . After cooling , the jaggery becomes a soft solid that is molded into the desired shape .
The quality of jaggery is judged by its colour ; brown means it is higher in impurities and golden-yellow implies it is relatively pure . Due to this grading scale , coloured adulterants are sometimes added to jaggery to simulate the golden hue .
Uses
South Asia ( Indian subcontinent )
Jaggery is used as an ingredient in sweet and savoury dishes in the cuisines of India , Pakistan , Bangladesh , Nepal , Sri Lanka , Afghanistan , Iran . For example , a pinch of it is sometimes added to sambar , rasam and other staples in Udupi cuisine . Jaggery is added to lentil soups ( dāl ) to add sweetness to balance the spicy , salty , and sour components , particularly in Gujarati cuisine .
In Sri Lanka , jaggery is usually made using the syrup of the kithul palm tree , or from coconut syrup . The respective names in Sinhalese are kitul hakuru ( කිතුල් හකුරු ) and pol hakuru ( පොල් හකුරු ) . Jaggery from the syrup of the Palmyrah palm is more prominent in the northern part of the country ; this is referred to as palmyrah jaggery or thal hakuru ( තල් හකුරු ) . Jaggery made from sugarcane syrup is considered inferior to these types of palm syrup-based jaggery varieties , and the term jaggery ( හකුරු ) is generally understood in the country to refer to palm syrup based jaggery rather than sugarcane jaggery .
Maharashtra in India is the largest producer and consumer of jaggery known as `` gul '' ( गुळ ) in Marathi , `` gur '' ( گڑ ) in Urdu , `` bellaṁ '' ( బెల్లం ) in Telugu , bella ( ಬೆಲ್ಲ ) in Kannada , “ Vellam ” ( வெல்லம் ) in Tami , `` sharkara '' ( ശർക്കര ) in Malayalam , `` Gōḷa '' ( ગોળ ) in Gujarati , `` miṣṭa '' ( मिष्ट ) in Sanskrit , `` guṛa '' ( ଗୁଡ଼ ) in Odia , gur ( गुड़ ) in Hindi and , `` guṛ '' ( গুড় ) in Bengali .
Kolhapur is one of the largest producers of jaggery in India and has a GI Tag for Jaggery . Most vegetable dishes , curries , and dals , and many desserts contain it . Jaggery is especially used during Makar Sankranti for making a dessert called tilgul . In Gujarat , a similar preparation known called tal na ladu or tal sankli is made . In rural Maharashtra and Karnataka , water and a piece of jaggery are given to a person arriving home from working under a hot sun . In Indian culture during the New Year feast , jaggery-based sweets are made . In Andhra , Telangana and Karnataka on Ugadi festival day ( New Year ) , Ugadi Pachadi is made from jaggery and five other ingredients ( shad ruchulu- sweet , sour , salt , tangy , spice and bitter ) and is consumed symbolizing life is a mixture of happiness , disgust , fear , surprise , anger and sadness .
Molasses ( काकवी ) , a byproduct of the production of jaggery , is used in rural Maharashtra and Karnataka as a sweetener . It contains many minerals not found in ordinary sugar and is considered beneficial to health in traditional Ayurvedic medicine . It is an ingredient of many sweet delicacies , such as gur ke chawal / chol ( `` jaggery rice '' ) , a traditional Rajasthani or Punjabi dish .
In Gujarat , laddus are made from wheat flour and jaggery . A well-known Maharashtrian recipe , puran poli , uses it as a sweetener apart from sugar . Jaggery is considered an easily available sweet which is shared on any good occasion . In engagement ceremonies , small particles of it are mixed with coriander seeds ( ધાણા ) . Hence , in many Gujarati communities , engagement is commonly known by the metonym gol-dhana ( ગોળ-ધાણા ) , literally `` jaggery and coriander seeds '' .
Jaggery is used extensively in South India to balance the pungency of spicy foods . In Andhra Pradesh , and Tamil Nadu it is used for sweets such as chakkara pongal and milk pongal ( prepared with rice , milk , jaggery ) . During Sankranti , Ariselu , an authentic Andhra Pradesh dish , is prepared , and in Tamil Nadu , ellurundai ( sesame balls ) , Adhirasam and pori vilangu urundai ( puffed rice balls ) are prepared as offering - called prasadam - to god during puja and festivals such as Diwali , Tamil New Year and Janmashtami .
A sweet liquid called `` Paanakam '' , made of water , jaggery and peppercorns is prepared as the favorite offering to Lord Rama during Rama Navami festival . In Kerala , it is considered auspicious and is widely used in cooking . It is a vital ingredient in many varieties of payasam , a sweet dish .
In Tamil Nadu , jaggery is used exclusively as a sweetener . It is used in a dish called chakkarai pongal . It is prepared during the festival of Pongal ( Thai Pongal ) , which is held when the harvesting season begins . It is used to make kalhi , to sweeten fruit salads and payasam ( sweet milk ) that are offered to the gods . Jaggery is used in religious rituals . In rural areas , cane jaggery and palm jaggery are used to sweeten beverages , whereas refined sugar has replaced it in urban areas .
In Odia cuisine , cakes or piṭhas contain jaggery . Pithas like Arisa pitha are made out of jaggery called as guda in Odia . Kakara pitha contains coconut filings which are caramelized using jaggery . Guda is also added to rice flakes known as chuda and eaten for breakfast . Some marmalade made of mango and dillenia contain the ingredient .
In Bengali cuisine , it is commonly used in making sweet dishes , some of which mix jaggery with milk and coconut . Popular sweet dishes such as laḍḍu/laṛu or paṭishapta piṭha mix it with coconut shreds . Jaggery is molded into novel shapes as a type of candy . The same preparation of sweets have been made in its neighbouring state of Assam . Some of the popular sweet dishes of Assam such as til-pitha ( made of rice powder , sesame and jaggery ) , other rice-based pitha , and payas are made of jaggery . In some villages of Assam , people drink salty red tea with a cube of gurd ( jaggery ) , which is popularly called cheleka-chah ( licking tea ) .
Traditional Karnataka sweets , such as paayasa , obbattu ( holige ) and unday use different kinds of jaggery . A pinch is commonly added to sambar ( a.k.a . huLi saaru ) and rasam ( a.k.a . saaru ) . Karnataka produces sugar and palm-based jaggery .
Muzaffarnagar in Uttar Pradesh has the largest jaggery market in the world , followed by Anakapalle in the Visakhapatnam District in Andhra Pradesh . The Kolhapur District in western Maharashtra is famous for its jaggery , which is yellow and much sought-after in Maharashtra and Gujarat . Mandya in Karnataka is known for its jaggery production .
Southeast Asia
In Myanmar , jaggery , called htanyet ( ) in Burmese , is harvested from toddy palm syrup . In central Myanmar and around Bagan ( Pagan ) , toddy syrup is collected solely for making jaggery . The translucent white syrup is boiled until it becomes golden brown and then made into bite-size pieces . It is considered a sweet and is eaten by children and adults alike , usually in the afternoon with a pot of green tea . It has been referred to locally as Burmese chocolate . Toddy palm jaggery is sometimes mixed with coconut shreds , jujube puree or sesame , depending on the area . This type of jaggery is used in Burmese cooking , usually to add colour and enrich the food .
Other uses
Other uses include jaggery toffees and jaggery cake made with pumpkin preserve , cashew nuts , peanuts and spices . Jaggery may be used in the creation of alcoholic beverages such as palm wine .
Besides being a food , jaggery may be used ( mixed in an emulsion with buttermilk and mustard oil ) to season the inside of tandoor ovens .
Jaggery is used in natural dying of fabric . It is also used in hookahs in rural areas of Pakistan and India .
Jaggery can be used as a tissue fixative in anatomic pathology .
Nomenclature
In the Indian Subcontinent
From guḍa in Sanskrit ( ) :
guṛ Bengali ( ) , Bhojpuri ( ) , Punjabi ( ) , Haryanvi ( ) , Hindi ( )
gur in Assamese ( ) and Nagamese ( )
ɠuṛ in Sindhi ( ) and Urdu ( )
guṛô ( ) in Odia
goḍ ( Romanized godd ) in Konkani ( )
guḷ ( ) in Marathi
gôḷ in Gujarati ( ) and Rajasthani ( )
gwëṛa in Pashto ( )
From Proto-Dravidian * bel-am :
vellam in Tamil ( ) and Malayalam ( ) , or longer form panai vellam in Tamil ( )
bellam in Telugu ( )
bella in Kannada ( ) and Tulu
From Sanskrit śarkarā ( ) :
śarkkara or cakkara in Malayalam ( or )
sakkarai in Tamil ( )
sakkhar in Nepali ( )
hakuru in Sinhala ( ) and Dhivehi ( )
From Sanskrit miṣṭa ( ) :
mitha in Bhojpuri
mithoi in Assamese ( )
Other terms :
kawltu tuikang in Paite
kurtai in Mizo
bheli in Nepali
karuppaṭṭi , karippaṭṭi , or karipeṭṭi in Malayalam ( ) is jaggery made from palm juice , and panam kalkaṇḍam ( ) is rock candy made from palm juice .
karupaṭṭi ( ) or panam kalkaṇḍu ( ) in Tamil
In Southeast Asia
Cambodia
Skor tnaot ( ) in Khmer
Myanmar ( Burma )
Htanyet ( ) [ Toddy Palm Jaggery ] ( ) in Burmese
Kyan Tha Kar ( ) [ Sugarcane Jaggery ] in Burmese
Malaysia
Gula melaka or Gula merah in Malay
Gula nisan/nise in Kelantanese Malay
Gula apong in Sarawak , Malaysia is a variant of the jaggery , which is made from the sap of the nipah palm or Nypa fruticans .
Indonesia
Gula jawa in Indonesian and Javanese
Gula merah in Indonesian and Malay
Gula are n't in Indonesian and Betawi
Gula kawung in Sundanese
Philippines
Tagapulot or Koya-Koya ( Ilocano )
Pakombuk ( Kapampangan )
Panocha ( Philippine Spanish )
Panutsa ( Tagalog )
Sangkaka ( Tagalog )
Bagkat Bao - may be regional to Bulacan ( Tagalog )
Calamay - Leyte and Samar ( Waray-waray )
Thailand
Palm jaggery : ,
Coconut jaggery : ,
Cane sugar : ,
Granulated brown cane sugar : ,
Granulated white cane sugar : , ; or ,
Elsewhere
Raspadura in Cuba and Panama
Rapadura in Brazil
Panela in Central America and parts of South America
Piloncillo in Mexico
Tapa de dulce in Costa Rica
Chancaca in Peru
Papelón , panela or miel de panela in Venezuela
Sukari nguuru in Swahili
in Japanese
( hóng táng ) or ( hēi táng ) in Chinese , the latter used by the Chinese community in Southeast Asia and Oceania
Gur in Afghanistan
Image gallery
See also
References
Articles containing video clips
Indian cuisine
Sri Lankan desserts and sweets
Sugar
Colquitt County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 45,498 . The county seat is Moultrie . The county was created on February 25 , 1856 , and is named for Walter Terry Colquitt , a U.S. senator . Colquitt County comprises the Moultrie , GA Micropolitan Statistical Area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 2.2 % ) is water .
Most of the western portion of Colquitt County , west of Moultrie and State Route 33 , is located in the Upper Ochlockonee River sub-basin of the larger Ochlockonee River basin , with the exception of the very northwestern corner of the county , between Sale City and west of Doerun , which is located in the Lower Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin ( Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin ) . A narrow central portion of Colquitt County , running from north to south of Moultrie , and then widening to occupy the gap between U.S. Route 319 and State Route 133 , is located in the Withlacoochee River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin . The eastern portion of the county is located in the Little River sub-basin of the same Suwannee River basin .
Lakes
Gray Lake
Lake Murphy
Major highways
U.S. Route 319
U.S. Route 319 Business
State Route 33
State Route 35
State Route 37
State Route 111
State Route 133
State Route 202
State Route 256
State Route 270
State Route 270 Spur
Adjacent counties
Tift County ( northeast )
Cook County ( east )
Brooks County ( southeast )
Thomas County ( southwest )
Mitchell County ( west )
Worth County ( northwest )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 42,053 people , 15,495 households , and 11,063 families living in the county . The population density was 76 people per square mile ( 29/km2 ) . There were 17,554 housing units at an average density of 32 per square mile ( 12/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 67.78 % White , 23.47 % Black or African American , 0.29 % Native American , 0.25 % Asian , 0.04 % Pacific Islander , 7.05 % from other races , and 1.12 % from two or more races . 10.83 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 15,495 households , out of which 34.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.00 % were married couples living together , 15.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.60 % were non-families . 24.90 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.20 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.12 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.40 % under the age of 18 , 10.30 % from 18 to 24 , 28.00 % from 25 to 44 , 21.40 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.90 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females there were 98.10 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 95.50 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 28,539 , and the median income for a family was $ 34,792 . Males had a median income of $ 26,588 versus $ 20,155 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 14,457 . About 16.10 % of families and 19.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 25.70 % of those under age 18 and 19.60 % of those age 65 or over .
2008 estimates
According to Census Bureau estimates in 2008 , Colquitt County had a population that was 75.3 % whites , 22.9 % African-American and 16.0 % Latino .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 45,498 people , 16,317 households , and 11,696 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 18,311 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 64.7 % white , 22.4 % black or African American , 0.6 % Asian , 0.5 % American Indian , 10.3 % from other races , and 1.4 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 17.1 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 19.6 % were American , 8.4 % were Irish , and 6.8 % were English .
Of the 16,317 households , 38.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 48.7 % were married couples living together , 17.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , 28.3 % were non-families , and 24.0 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.21 . The median age was 34.8 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 32,902 and the median income for a family was $ 39,086 . Males had a median income of $ 28,912 versus $ 24,199 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,362 . About 18.8 % of families and 23.4 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 32.7 % of those under age 18 and 16.8 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census , there were 45,898 people , 15,505 households , and 10,663 families residing in the county .
Education
Colquitt County School District operates public schools , with Colquitt County High School being the high school .
Communities
Cities
Berlin
Doerun
Ellenton
Funston
Moultrie
Norman Park
Riverside
Unincorporated communities
Autreyville
Barbers
Hartsfield
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Colquitt County , Georgia
References
External links
Colquitt County official website
Colquitt County historical marker
1856 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
Populated places established in 1856
Kellogg is an unincorporated community in Sonoma County , California , United States . The community is on California State Route 128 northwest of Calistoga .
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Sonoma County , California
The Niagara Square was a shopping centre and former mall in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada . The Niagara Square opened in 1977 . The interior of the shopping centre was closed in 2017 , while some stores remained open in the exterior . Before its closure , the Niagara Square was a shopping centre with 83 units . Before the demolition of the shopping centre , more than 30 % of the tenants occupying the space had left prior to its closure . In 2019 , the property began its redevelopment and as of December 2020 , the majority of the original interior mall has been demolished , with the exterior businesses open and intact .
History
In January 2007 , The Bay location at Niagara Square closed and left 100,000 square feet of vacant space . In April 2007 , the marketing director for the mall , Tammy Robertson , announced that a Mandarin Restaurant , Michaels crafts store and a JYSK furniture store would open within this space .
In April 2017 , the shopping centre closed . Demolition of the interior began in the spring of 2019 . Two banks that were previously located within the interior , BMO and CIBC , relocated into the mall 's outbuildings . The co-owners of the property , Bayfield Realty Advisors and LioCan Real Estate Investment Trust Co. , invested 25 million dollars into the demolition and revdevelopment of Niagara Square . Bayfield Realty Advisors met with Jim Diodati ( the mayor of Niagara Falls ) and city staff to discuss redevelopment . Costco , a warehouse retail outlet , selected the property as their next store location . The store opened on November 13 , 2020 . The cost for construction has not been specified , but the Bayfield company has included it as part of their multi-million dollar investment to redevelop the property . In total , the Costco store is 150,000 square feet . The interior of the shopping centre has been demolished , and is planned as parking lot space . The store itself is located along the back of the property .
References
Defunct shopping malls in Canada
Shopping malls established in 1977
Shopping malls disestablished in 2017
1977 establishments in Ontario
2017 disestablishments in Ontario
Buildings and structures demolished in 2019
Buildings and structures in Niagara Falls , Ontario
Dhananjay ( ) is a 2017 Indian Bengali language drama film directed by Arindam Sil and produced by Shrikant Mohta and Mahendra Soni under the banner of SVF Entertainment . The film featuring Mimi Chakraborty , Anirban Bhattacharya and Kaushik Sen , is story of Dhananjoy Chatterjee , a security guard hanged for the rape and murder of a student . The film was released on 11 August 2017 .
Plot
Dhananjoy 's story is based on the conviction of Dhananjoy Chatterjee , accused for the gruesome murder of Hetal Parekh , which took place in the year 1990 . On the basis of circumstantial evidence and on the basis of the deceased mother 's statement , Dhananjoy Chatterjee a security guard , was executed and hanged to death on the early hours of 15 August 2004 , after serving imprisonment for 14 long years and after having appealed to all levels of court in the country ; and finally , to the President of India .
Cast
Anirban Bhattacharya as Dhananjoy Chatterjee
Kanchan Mullick as Public Prosecutor
Kaushik Sen as Shibraj Chaudhuri , advocate
Mimi Chakraborty as Advocate Kavya Sinha
Paran Bandopadhyay as Dhananjoy 's father
Anusha Viswanathan as Hema Parekh
Sudipta Chakraborty as Surabhi Parekh
Dilip Dave
Deepanjan Ghosh
Mir Afsar Ali as defense counsel
References
External links
2017 films
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
Films directed by Arindam Sil
Films scored by Bickram Ghosh
Indian drama films
Román Rodríguez ( born March 30 , 1966 , in San Mateo , Venezuela ) is a scout for the Los Angeles Angels .
Career
Rodríguez was signed as a non-drafted free agent in 1988 by the Pittsburgh Pirates and spent eight years in their minor league system .
Upon concluding their playing career , Rodríguez was hired by the Kansas City Royals from 1997 until 2000 as bullpen catcher . In 2001 , they took a job in the same role with the Boston Red Sox . In 2002 , they became a part of the New York Yankees staff , as a bullpen catcher and assisting with the charting of pitches during games . After the 2016 season , Rodríguez joined the Los Angeles Angels as a scout .
Personal life
Rodríguez resides in Bradenton , Florida with their wife Carminia , whom they married on Valentine 's Day in 2004 , and their daughter , Adriana .
External links
References
1966 births
Living people
Gulf Coast Pirates players
Princeton Pirates players
Salem Buccaneers players
Augusta Pirates players
Carolina Mudcats players
Stockton Ports players
Lake Elsinore Storm players
San Bernardino Spirit players
Los Angeles Angels scouts
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Major League Baseball bullpen catchers
In re : Don McGahn ( also : Committee on the Judiciary , United States House of Representatives v. Donald F. McGahn II ; U.S. House Judiciary Committee v. Donald F. McGahn ) is a U.S. constitutional case lawsuit ( 1:19-cv-02379 ) filed in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia by the House Judiciary Committee to compel the testimony of former White House Counsel Donald F. McGahn , Jr. under subpoena . McGahn was put under subpoena to testify regarding their knowledge of the Russia investigation and Mueller Report and whether President Donald Trump 's actions could constitute obstruction of justice . The case gained importance as the House launched impeachment proceedings against Trump regarding the Trump–Ukraine scandal .
In April 2019 , the House Judiciary Committee subpoenaed McGahn to testify before Congress about potential obstruction of justice on the part of the Trump administration . The administration directed McGahn to ignore the subpoena , claiming that they were `` absolutely immune '' from compelled congressional testimony . In August 2019 , the Judiciary Committee sued McGahn to compel their testimony . On November 25 , 2019 , U.S. District Court Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson ruled that McGahn must testify , declaring that `` no one is above the law , '' but allowed McGahn to invoke executive privilege on certain questions . Jackson 's ruling said that the claim of the Justice Department ( DOJ ) to `` unreviewable absolute testimonial immunity '' is `` baseless , and as such , can not be sustained '' . The ruling is laced with references to and quotes from the Founding Fathers of the United States and the Constitution 's Framers .
The case was appealed by the DOJ , representing Don McGahn , and on November 26 , 2019 , the DOJ asked Jackson to put a temporary stay on their order so they could appeal it . The Justice Department requested a second stay pending an appeal of the ruling , but Judge Jackson rejected that request on December 2 , 2019 , calling the DOJ 's assertion that the Judiciary Committee would not be harmed by a stay `` disingenuous '' . In August 2020 , the full US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled 7-2 that the House of Representatives could sue to subpoena McGahn . However , on August 31 , 2020 , the appeals court ruled 2–1 that Congress had never passed a law empowering the House of Representatives to sue to enforce a subpoena , and that , until such a law exists , the House can not sue for this purpose and therefore has no mechanism to force McGahn 's compliance .
In December 2020 , the House Judiciary Committee told the DC Circuit Court of Appeals that it would reissue its subpoena to McGahn in the next Congress . In May 2021 , the Committee and the Biden administration reached an undisclosed agreement , which involved the avoidance of arguments in the court which were to take place that month .
Ruling
On November 25 , 2019 , U.S. District Court Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson ruled that McGahn must testify , declaring that `` presidents are not kings '' and `` no one is above the law . '' Jackson 's 118-page ruling allowed McGahn to invoke executive privilege on certain questions , but not defy the subpoena .
Excerpts
Excerpts from the ruling include : When DOJ insists that Presidents can lawfully prevent their senior-level aides from responding to compelled congressional process and that neither the federal courts nor Congress has the power to do anything about it , DOJ promotes a conception of separation-of-powers principles that gets these constitutional commands exactly backwards . In reality , it is a core tenet of this Nation 's founding that the powers of a monarch must be split between the branches of the government to prevent tyranny.andStated simply , the primary takeaway from the past 250 years of recorded American history is that Presidents are not kings . See The Federalist No . 51 ( James Madison ) ; The Federalist No . 69 ( Alexander Hamilton ) ; 1 Alexis de Tocqueville , Democracy in America 115–18 ( Harvey C. Mansfield & Delba Winthrop eds . & trans. , Univ . of Chicago Press 2000 ) ( 1835 ) . This means that they do not have subjects , bound by loyalty or blood , whose destiny they are entitled to control . Rather , in this land of liberty , it is indisputable that current and former employees of the White House work for the People of the United States , and that they take an oath to protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . Moreover , as citizens of the United States , current and former senior-level presidential aides have constitutional rights , including the right to free speech , and they retain these rights even after they have transitioned back into private life . To be sure , there may well be circumstances in which certain aides of the President possess confidential , classified , or privileged information that can not be divulged in the national interest and that such aides may be bound by statute or executive order to protect . But , in this Court 's view , the withholding of such information from the public square in the national interest and at the behest of the President is a duty that the aide themselves possesses . Furthermore , as previously mentioned , in the context of compelled congressional testimony , such withholding is properly and lawfully executed on a question-by-question basis through the invocation of a privilege , where appropriate . As such , with the exception of the recognized restrictions on the ability of current and former public officials to disclose certain protected information , such officials ( including senior-level presidential aides ) still enjoy the full measure of freedom that the Constitution affords . Thus , DOJ 's present assertion that the absolute testimonial immunity that senior-level presidential aides possess is , ultimately , owned by the President , and can be invoked by the President to overcome the aides ' own will to testify , is a proposition that can not be squared with core constitutional values , and for this reason alone , it can not be sustained.To make the point as plain as possible , it is clear to this Court for the reasons explained above that , with respect to senior-level presidential aides , absolute immunity from compelled congressional process simply does not exist . Indeed , absolute testimonial immunity for senior-level White House aides appears to be a fiction that has been fastidiously maintained over time through the force of sheer repetition in OLC opinions , and through accommodations that have permitted its proponents to avoid having the proposition tested in the crucible of litigation . And because the contention that a President 's top advisors can not be subjected to compulsory congressional process simply has no basis in the law , it does not matter whether such immunity would theoretically be available to only a handful of presidential aides due to the sensitivity of their positions , or to the entire Executive branch . Nor does it make any difference whether the aides in question are privy to national security matters , or work solely on domestic issues . And , of course , if present frequent occupants of the West Wing or Situation Room must find time to appear for testimony as a matter of law when Congress issues a subpoena , then any such immunity most certainly stops short of covering individuals who only purport to be cloaked with this authority because , at some point in the past , they once were in the President 's employ . This was the state of law when Judge Bates first considered the issue of whether former White House Counsel Harriet Miers had absolute testimonial immunity in 2008 , and it remains the state of law today , and it goes without saying that the law applies to former White House Counsel Don McGahn , just as it does to other current and former senior-level White House officials . Thus , for the myriad reasons laid out above as well as those that are articulated plainly in the prior precedents of the Supreme Court , the D.C . Circuit , and the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia , this Court holds that individuals who have been subpoenaed for testimony by an authorized committee of Congress must appear for testimony in response to that subpoena—i.e. , they can not ignore or defy congressional compulsory process , by order of the President or otherwise . Notably , however , in the context of that appearance , such individuals are free to assert any legally applicable privilege in response to the questions asked of them , where appropriate .
Conclusion
Jackson 's ruling concludes with a statement regarding the rule of law and checks and balances under the United States Constitution . The first paragraph of the conclusion is : The United States of America has a government of laws and not of men . The Constitution and federal law set the boundaries of what is acceptable conduct , and for this reason , as explained above , when there is a dispute between the Legislature and the Executive branch over what the law requires about the circumstances under which government officials must act , the Judiciary has the authority , and the responsibility , to decide the issue . Moreover , as relevant here , when the issue in dispute is whether a government official has the duty to respond to a subpoena that a duly authorized committee of the House of Representatives has issued pursuant to its Article I authority , the official 's defiance unquestionably inflicts a cognizable injury on Congress , and thereby , substantially harms the national interest as well . These injuries give rise to a right of a congressional committee to seek to vindicate its constitutionally conferred investigative power in the context of a civil action filed in court .
Appeal
The case was appealed by the Department of Justice , representing Don McGahn . Reacting on Twitter , McGahn attorney William Burck said McGahn will comply unless the order is stayed pending appeal , and on November 26 , the Department of Justice asked Jackson to put a temporary stay on their order so they can appeal it . The Justice Department requested a second stay pending an appeal of the ruling , but on December 2 judge Jackson rejected that request , calling the DOJ 's assertion that the House Judiciary Committee would not be harmed by a stay `` disingenuous . '' Jackson wrote , `` DOJ 's argument here that any further delay will not be harmful to the Judiciary Committee because , in essence , DOJ has already harmed the Committee 's interests by successfully delaying its access to other materials strikes this Court as an unacceptable mischaracterization of the injury at issue . ''
The day after the President was impeached on December 18 , the Department of Justice requested that the judgment be summarily reversed because the point was mooted by the House vote . In a reply on December 23 , House Counsel Douglas Letter said it was not , as supplemental articles might still be issued .
Amicus briefs
Several organizations submitted amicus curiae briefs to the D.C . Circuit Court of Appeals regarding the case .
Several conservative lawyers such as George Conway and Republican former members of Congress submitted a brief in support of the original ruling . In their brief , they stated that a Constitutional originalist view of the dispute requires the courts to force McGahn to appear , even more so because of the then-ongoing impeachment proceedings . They cited examples from the late 1700s and early 1800s of Congress exercising oversight powers and having access to executive branch officials and their documents to support their brief .
3-judge panel ruling and rehearing en banc
On February 28 , 2020 , a divided panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit vacated the district court 's judgment and ordered the House 's lawsuit dismissed . Circuit Judge Thomas B. Griffith , joined by Circuit Judge Karen LeCraft Henderson , determined that the separation of powers under the United States Constitution does not allow Congress to use the Courts to force Executive officials to testify . Judge Henderson wrote a concurrence in which they argued the House simply did not have standing to sue in this instance . Judge Judith W. Rogers wrote a dissent . On March 13 , 2020 , the D.C. Court of Appeals granted an appeal for an en banc hearing and vacated the February 28 , 2020 decision . The en banc hearing occurred on April 28 , 2020 . On August 7 , 2020 , the full nine judge panels for the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled 7–2 that the House of Representatives could sue to subpoena McGahn . However , on August 31 , the appeals court ruled 2–1 that Congress had never passed a law empowering the House of Representatives to sue to enforce a subpoena , and that , until such a law exists , the House can not sue for this purpose and therefore has no mechanism to force McGahn 's compliance .
Settlement and end of controversy
In December 2020 , the House Judiciary Committee told the DC Circuit Court of Appeals that it would reissue its subpoena to McGahn in the next Congress . However , Trump 's term ended , and the Biden Administration and the committee made an agreement to end the controversy .
See also
Timeline of investigations into Trump and Russia ( 2019 )
Timeline of investigations into Trump and Russia ( 2020–2021 )
Notes
References
Separation of powers
United States executive privilege case law
2020 in United States case law
Trump–Ukraine scandal
is a private university in Hatsukaichi , Hiroshima , Japan , established in 2000 .
Academics
Undergraduate school
Faculty of Nursing ( with the start of a four-year curriculum in 2000 )
Graduate school
Masterʼs Program in Nursing ( Master 's program was started in 2004 )
Affiliates
Japanese Red Cross Hokkaido College of Nursing
The Japanese Red Cross Akita College of Nursing
The Japanese Red Cross College of Akita
Japanese Red Cross College of Nursing
Japanese Red Cross Toyota College of Nursing
The Japanese Red Cross Kyushu International College of Nursing
See also
List of universities in Japan
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 2000
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hiroshima Prefecture
Nursing schools in Japan
2000 establishments in Japan
Hatsukaichi , Hiroshima
Blenheim Palace has frequently been the setting for books , TV programs and films and other events . These include :
As a filming location
A 2021 survey by House of Oak concluded that Blenheim Palace had made 71 appearances in film and television , more than any other English country house ; the site offers a tour of the various filming locations there . Films shot at the exteriors include Spectre while the interior has been used as a filming location for Mission : Impossible – Rogue Nation among others .
Blenheim on film and TV
Transformers : The Last Knight ( 2017 )
Fan ( 2016 )
The BFG ( 2016 )
Spectre ( 2015 ) - doubling for SPECTRE 's meeting in central Rome
Rogue Nation ( 2015 )
The Royals ( 2015 )
Cinderella ( 2015 ) ( Cinderella arrives at the ball )
The Amazing Race 25 ( 2014 )
A Little Chaos ( 2013 )
Gulliver 's Travels ( 2010 )
Lewis ( 2009 ) – Episode 3.03 : The Point of Vanishing
The Young Victoria ( 2009 )
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix ( 2007 ) ( Snape 's flashback by the Black Lake as a Hogwarts student with The Marauders )
The Libertine ( 2005 )
The Lost Prince ( 2003 )
The Secret Garden ( 1949 film with Margaret O'Brien ) & ( 2001 ) Back to the Secret Garden The Four Feathers ( 2002 ) Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham ( 2001 ) Entrapment ( 1999 ) The Avengers ( 1998 ) Hamlet ( 1996 ) – The incumbent Duke has a role as a Norwegian captain . Only the exteriors of the palace were used.Inspector Morse : The Way Through the Woods ( 1995 ) Black Beauty ( 1994 ) Orlando ( 1992 ) Tonight Live with Steve Vizard ( Australian TV Tonight Show ) ( 1992 ) King Ralph ( 1991 ) Without a Clue ( 1988 ) Treasure Houses of Britain ( 1985 ) Greystoke : The Legend of Tarzan , Lord of the Apes ( 1984 ) The Scarlet Pimpernel ( 1982 ) Winston Churchill : The Wilderness Years ( 1981 ) History of the World , Part I ( 1981 ) Barry Lyndon ( 1975 ) The Legend of Hell House ( 1973 ) Young Winston ( 1972 ) Half A Sixpence ( 1967 )
Architectural historian Dan Cruickshank selected the Palace as one of their four choices for the 2002 BBC television documentary series Britain 's Best Buildings .
Other media
The BBC Radio Four programme Just a Minute was recorded ( twice ) at Blenheim with Clement Freud , Derek Nimmo , Peter Jones and Kit Hesketh-Harvey . They were broadcast in 1998 .
In 2019 Blenheim was the subject of news-coverage concerning the exhibition and later theft of Maurizio Cattelan 's sculpture America , a gold toilet .
Blenheim in fiction
There is a scene in a partially finished Blenheim Palace in The System of the World , the last volume of Neal Stephenson 's Baroque Cycle . John Churchill also plays a prominent role in the last book .
Blenheim features prominently in Karen Harper 's historical fiction account of Consuelo Vanderbilt 's life in the book American Duchess .
Blenheim Palace , the 9th Duke , Consuelo Vanderbilt and Gladys Deacon feature prominently in Robin Paige 's novel Death at Blenheim Palace .
In Alan Hollinghurst 's novel The Sparsholt Affair , the use of the Palace for secret war work is the background for undergraduate life at Oxford University .
Blenheim in art
American musician Barry Manilow performed a concert for over 40,000 fans on the grounds of the Palace on August 27 , 1983 . The recorded concert was released on VHS and later on DVD as `` Barry Manilow : The Concert at Blenheim Palace . ''
The British painter John Piper ( 1903–1992 ) was commissioned to paint scenes in the grounds of the palace during the 1980s . In 2012 , an exhibition of the artist 's work entitled John Piper at Blenheim Palace '' was held in a room at the palace to commemorate the 20th anniversary of Piper 's death .
In October 2004 , British jazz-pop pianist Jamie Cullum released `` Live at Blenheim Palace , '' a 145-minute live concert DVD of their performance at the Blenheim Palace Music Festival on 1 July 2004 .
References
Mass media lists
Culture in Oxfordshire
Woodstock , Oxfordshire
United Kingdom in popular culture
Sonja Hagemann ( 6 September 1898 – 17 October 1983 ) was a Norwegian literary historian and literary critic , especially of children 's literature . They are primarily known for the monumental Barnelitteratur i Norge ( Norwegian Children 's Literature I:1965 ; II:1970 ; III:1973 ) .
They were raised in Christiania ( now Oslo ) Norway . They graduated with a degree in economics at the University of Oslo ( 1919 ) .
They first worked in government service . They worked at Dagbladet as a critic of children 's literature ( 1946-1971 ) .
They received the Arts Council Norway Honorary Award ( Norsk kulturråds ærespris ) in 1980 .
They represented the Liberal Party in Oslo school board . They were a parliamentary ballot candidate from the constituency of Oslo in 1965 .
They were married to Otto Holmboe Hagemann ( 1891–1961 ) in 1925 and was the mother of geologist Fredrik Hagemann .
References
1898 births
1983 deaths
Writers from Oslo
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian women writers
Norwegian literary critics
Women literary critics
Norwegian women non-fiction writers
Norwegian literary historians
Liberal Party ( Norway ) politicians
Politicians from Oslo
Women literary historians
Norwegian women historians
, also known as Umizaru 2 : Test of Trust is a 2006 Japanese action drama film directed by Eiichiro Hasumi . It is the second feature-length film and third of the Umizaru projects , set after the film Umizaru and the 11-episode drama series Umizaru Evolution . The film stars Hideaki Itō as Japan Coast Guard ( JCG ) rescue diver Daisuke Senzaki , and Ai Kato as their love interest Kanna Izawa . It is the second of the 3 part film and television project , which is adapted from the popular manga series Umizaru by Shūhō Satō .
Umizaru ( 海猿 ) means `` Sea Monkey '' ; a derogatory label slapped on the rescue diver trainees by local townsfolk of the city of Kure due to their excessive and uninhibited behaviour during off hours .
The film recorded the 2nd highest-ever box office grossing in Japan , trailing only Bayside Shakedown 2 . The opening weekend of the film was a phenomenal 442 % improvement on the opening weekend takings of the first film Umizaru .
Hideaki Itō , the male lead , has a Divemaster license awarded by PADI Japan ; a professional diving qualification . The theme song is Precious , from vocalist Yuna Ito .
Plot
Following the decommissioning of the patrol vessel Nagare ( ながれ ) , Daisuke Senzaki , now a Japan Coast Guard ( JCG ) rescue diver , is posted to the 10th Region Mobile Rescue Unit , based at Kagoshima Air Station . A plane crashes in the stormy seas , where Senzaki battles the elements to keep two victims alive , as they struggle to keep everyone on a wreckage which has become their lifeboat . Senzaki is only able to hold onto an adult male , while a young boy struggles to hang on by himself . Senzaki manages to keep the boy alive , but the heroic gesture by the man drowns from sacrifice . They soon becomes plagued with guilt and self-doubt due to this episode , as they had pledged not to let any more victims die .
Senzaki 's girlfriend Kanna Izawa takes time off their job and travels a long distance by car to see him . As the couple check into a hotel , Izawa locks themselves out of their room , forcing them to spring a handmade wedding dress surprise on Senzaki , accompanied by a fashion designer . Izawa intended to fulfill the plans of marriage . Senzaki , still traumatised , is not prepared for marital commitments , and their reluctance drives a wedge between the two . Izawa leaves heartbroken in spite of the best efforts of Senzaki 's buddy , Tetsuya Yoshioka , to mediate .
En route to a routine training exercise , news arrives that a passenger ferry , the Clover , has run aground with 4 hours left to evacuate . Senzaki and Yoshioka are among the first divers on site , deployed by helicopter . Their stark prognosis of the ship 's fate is compounded by revelations from Coast Guard crisis command : 620 passengers , 195 fuel-laden vehicles , with limited time to escape . Senzaki 's rescue efforts takes a dramatic turn when they discover their girlfriend Izawa on board . The disheartened Izawa had chosen to take the ferry instead of driving home as a fateful decision . Senzaki tells Izawa to abandon their belongings and proceed to the lifeboats , including the handmade wedding dress . As the couple part ways , Izawa asks for Senzaki 's reassurance that they will meet again afterwards .
While attending to an injured pregnant staff member , Megumi Honma , Senzaki becomes separated from the rest of their team as Homma informs them of a faster route to the escape hatches . The shortcut brings them to the vehicle deck of the ferry , where they meet an irritable passenger , Shinichi Ebihara , tending to their precious Ferrari . A sudden lurch wreaks havoc on the vehicles and ignites the petroleum , causing a massive explosion . The fire forces the 4 scrambling for cover on another deck where they become disoriented ; trapped with no idea where to go . Ebihara eventually suffers an injury to their left thigh . They radio for help and find a duct in the room bears the markings `` 68-4T '' .
The frantic JCG crisis command centre tries to locate the room which the 4 are trapped in , as Shimokawa and other officers pore over the schematics of the ship , desperate for some feasible route of escape . Shimokawa decides they have no choice but to swim underwater to attempt an escape into another level of the ship . Despite protests of the others , Shimokawa insists that their route is the only option left . Senzaki and Yoshioka bring the pregnant Honma and injured Ebihara through the perilous underwater swim , The 4 eventually complete the swim into another level which was yet unflooded and remain there .
As the last of the passengers have been evacuated , Senzaki , Yoshioka and the 2 victims are the only ones unaccounted for , still cut off from radio contact with no help . Shimokawa , since their promotion to shore command position from their days with Senzaki on the Nagare , is forced to grapple with a tough decision : to continue the recovery of the missing 4 with other rescue divers or withdrawing all teams to avoid suffering casualties in a likely fruitless rescue attempt . Further explosions and casualties force Shimokawa to withdraw other divers ; a decision met with great disdain and frustration from the on-site divers who comply with reluctance .
Now safe on shore , Izawa notices the return of the rescue divers from the sinking ship and worriedly inquires the whereabouts of their boyfriend . Them the worst fears are confirmed when JCG officials make the press release stating the names of the missing divers and passengers , and that rescue efforts have been suspended due to the danger posed to rescuers , as they watch helplessly at the raging inferno on Clover , while the JCG command has little idea where to proceed and must make more swift decisions , awaiting their confirmation of success by radio ...
Cast
Sequels
Umizaru 3 : The Last Message , released September 18 , 2010 .
Brave Hearts : Umizaru , released July 13 , 2012 .
References
External links
Official site
2006 films
2000s action drama films
Films directed by Eiichirō Hasumi
2000s Japanese-language films
Japanese sequel films
Live-action films based on manga
Umizaru
2006 drama films
Films scored by Naoki Satō
The Lewis Store , also known as the Fielding Lewis Store , is a historic commercial building located at Fredericksburg , Virginia . It was built in 1749 , and is a two-story , front-gable , three-bay Georgian style brick store . The second story addition was built in 1808 . The building was rehabilitated between 2000 and 2006 . The first story consists of a `` salesroom '' on the front and a `` counting room '' on the rear . The building functioned as a store until 1823 , after which it was used as a residence . It was built by John Lewis and operated by them and their son , Fielding Lewis , who was married to George Washington 's sister Betty Washington Lewis . Fielding and Betty Lewis built the nearby Kenmore . The Lewis family sold the store in 1776 .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2013 . It is located in the Fredericksburg Historic District .
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Georgian architecture in Virginia
Commercial buildings completed in 1749
Buildings and structures in Fredericksburg , Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fredericksburg , Virginia
Individually listed contributing properties to historic districts on the National Register in Virginia
This is a list of tambon ( sub-districts ) in Thailand , beginning with the letter R. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons . Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe .
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
R
Luis Agustín García Guido ( born 21 June 1941 ) is a Uruguayan basketball player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Uruguayan men 's basketball players
1967 FIBA World Championship players
1970 FIBA World Championship players
Olympic basketball players of Uruguay
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Princeton Cemetery is a historic pre-Civil War cemetery in rural Dallas County , Arkansas . It is located on County Road 201 , southeast of Princeton , which was the county 's first seat . The oldest grave is that of William Suggs , an early settler of Princeton who died in 1849 . The cemetery is an open tract of land , about in size , surrounded by forest on three sides , and the road on the fourth .
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dallas County , Arkansas
References
External links
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Dallas County , Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places in Dallas County , Arkansas
Burton is a small village and former civil parish , now in the parish of Duddon and Burton , in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England . In the 2001 census , the parish had a population of 50 .
History
The name Burton means `` fortified farm/settlement '' and likely derives from the Old English words burh ( a fortified place ) and tūn ( a farmstead or settlement ) .
The village was mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Burtone , under the direct ownership of the Bishop of Chester . The entry records a population of thirteen households , consisting of seven villagers , four smallholders , one priest and one 'rider ' .
Burton is also referenced on Christopher Saxton 's map of Cheshire from 1577 .
Location
The village is about south east of Tarvin and west of Tarporley . It lies on Burton Road , with the villages of Duddon to the north and Hoofield to the south . The River Gowy passes approximately to the south west of Burton .
The Eddisbury Way footpath passes through the village .
The village is surrounded by undulating pasture and contains three dairy farms : Burton Farm , Holly Farm and Home Farm . The village is dominated by Burton Hall .
Governance
Burton currently falls within the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and within the Westminster constituency of Eddisbury .
Until 1 April 2015 , Burton was a civil parish . Although classified as a civil parish , it had neither a parish council nor a parish meeting , and , consequently , the duties that would normally be performed by these bodies were the responsibility of Cheshire West and Chester Council .
From 1 April 2015 , Burton parish was merged with Duddon parish to create a new , larger , Duddon parish . On 1 July 2017 the new Burton parish was renamed to Duddon and Burton .
Landmarks
Burton Hall is largely an early 17th-century brick and sandstone house , which was designated a Grade II * listed building in 1952 .
See also
Listed buildings in Burton ( near Tarporley )
References
External links
Villages in Cheshire
Former civil parishes in Cheshire
Cheshire West and Chester
Shane Neilson ( born 1975 ) is a Canadian physician , author and poet .
Life
Neilson was born in New Brunswick , Canada and trained in Dalhousie University Faculty of Medicine , followed by Memorial University of Newfoundland . They currently have a medical practice in Erin , and lives with their family in Guelph , Ontario .
Neilson has written two non fiction books about their experience as a physician Call Me Doctor and Gunmetal Blue .
Poetry
Their books of poetry include Complete Physical , Meniscus and Exterminate My Heart . In 2010 , Neilson won Arc Poetry Magazine '' 's 15th annual Poem of the Year contest .
In addition to being an author , Neilson is a notable critic and the poetry editor for Frog Hollow Press , and in 2005 they were editor for a collection of Alden Nowlan 's medical poems called Alden Nowlan and Illness .
Bibliography
Shane Neilson ( 2014 ) `` Able Physiologists Discuss Grief Musculatures . '' Jack Pine Press .
Shane Neilson ( 2015 ) On Shaving Off Their Face . The Porcupine 's Quill .
Shane Neilson ( 2018 ) Dysphoria . The Porcupine 's Quill .
Shane Neilson ( 2019 ) New Brunswick . Biblioasis .
Shane Neilson ( 2019 ) Margin of Interest : Essays on English Language Poetry of the Maritimes . '' The Porcupine 's Quill .
References
20th-century Canadian poets
Canadian male poets
Canadian general practitioners
1975 births
Living people
20th-century Canadian male writers
Leslie Simon Bernard Perera , CCS , commonly known as L. S. B. Perera , was a Sri Lankan civil servant . A career officer of the Ceylon Civil Service , they were the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Health and the Ministry of Cultural Affairs and Social Services as Director Civil Aviation , they played a major role in the formation of Air Ceylon . Later they served as High Commissioners of Sri Lanka to Canada .
Having graduated with a BSc degree from the University of London , they passed the Ceylon Civil Service entrance entrance exam in London and was appointed as a cadet by the Secretary of State in January 1935 . On their return to Ceylon they were attached to the Colombo Kachcheri . They served as additional police magistrate of Colombo . In November 1935 , they were attached to the Kalutara Kachcheri where they served as additional commission of request , additional police magistrate and office assistant . In 1937 they were appointed as office assistant , Kegalla Kachcheri ; in 1938 assistant government agent , Kurunegala ; in 1940 , additional assistant government agent , Colombo ; in 1941 , assistant controller of imports , exports and exchange ; in 1942 , secretary to the minister of communication and works as well as deputy director of civil aviation and registrar of aircraft . In 1944 , they were promoted as the first director of civil aviation and tasked with the formation of Air Ceylon which took place in 1947 . They concurrently served at times as acting director of commerce , acting director of tourist bureau and acting acting controller of imports and exports . In 1942 they were appointed commissioner of lands and land commissioner . In 1953 they were appointed commissioner of motor traffic . In January 1958 , they were appointed Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Cultural Affairs and Social Services ; and thereafter Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Health in May 1961 .
In 1967 , they were appointed High Commissioner of Sri Lanka to Canada by prime minister Dudley Senanayake and served till 1970 .
L. S. B. Perera married Nimal Indrani de Fonseka , daughter of Dr Fredrick Lionel de Fonseka and Regina Perera . A niece of Sir Susantha de Fonseka and a grand niece of W. A. de Silva . They had two children , Nimal Indrani Perera and Cecil Susantha Perera . A wealthy estate owner , Perera bread race horses and was a member of the Ceylon Turf Club and the St. John Ambulance Association ( Ceylon Centre ) . They lived down Bagatall Road , Colombo 3 .
See also
Sri Lankan Non Career Diplomats
References
External links
A photograph of the first Air Ceylon crew in their ceremonial uniform taken in 1949 at the farewell to Mr.L.S.B . Perera , the first Director of Civil Aviation
A Development of Civil Aviation in Ceylon by L. S. B. Perera
High Commissioners of Sri Lanka to Canada
Permanent secretaries of Sri Lanka
Sinhalese civil servants
Alumni of the University of London
Magistrates of Sri Lanka
Government Agents ( Sri Lanka )
People of British Ceylon
1910 births
Possibly living people
The Carolina Geographic Rugby Union is the Local Area Union ( LAU ) for rugby union teams playing in North Carolina and South Carolina . Youth rugby in North Carolina is governed by the North Carolina State Rugby Organization of USARugby , the North Carolina Youth Rugby Union .
Men 's Clubs
hill warriors.org Chapel Hill Warriors Rugby Football Club - NCRU Division II
Bragg Rugby Football Club ( based in Fayetteville , North Carolina ) - NCRU Division III
Cherry Point Bastards Rugby Football Club - NCRU Division IV
Columbia Olde Grey Rugby Football Club - NCRU Division III
Camp Lejeune Misfits Rugby Football Club - NCRU Division III
Triad Rugby Football Club - NCRU Division III
Cape Fear Rugby Football Club - NCRU Division III
Duke Grads Rugby Football Club
Gastonia Rugby Football Club - www.GastonCountyRugby.com
Eno River Rage Rugby Football Club ( based in Durham , North Carolina ) - NCRU Division III
Southern Pines Rugby Football Club - NCRU Division II
Charlotte Barbarians Rugby Football Club - NCRU Division III
Charlotte Royals Rugby Football Club
Wilmington Rugby Football Club `` Liberty Ships ''
Asheville Rugby Football Club
Charlotte Rugby Football Club - www.charlotterugby.com - NCRU Division II
Raleigh Rugby Football Club - Vipers
Boys High School
Ardrey Kell High School
Charlotte Catholic High School RFC
Concord High School RFC ( DEFUNCT )
East Mecklenburg High School RFC
Myers Park High School RFC
Philip O Berry Academy RFC
Providence High School RFC
Rocky River RFC
William Amos Hough High School
West Mecklenburg High School RFC
Boy 's Club Rugby
North Mecklenburg High School RFC
Chapel Hill Highlanders
Southern Pines Gators
Clayton Copperheads
Triad Bulldogs ( DEFUNCT )
Raleigh Rattlesnakes
Raleigh Redhawks
Union County Lions
Charlotte Tigers
Greensboro Youth Rugby Association
Women 's Clubs
Charlotte Rugby Football Club
Eno River Rugby Football Club
Ft. Bragg Women 's Rugby Football Club
Raleigh Rugby Football Club - Venom
Men 's Collegiate
AHO ( Appalachian State ) RFC
Belmont Abbey College
Davidson
Duke
East Carolina
Elon
Guilford College
North Carolina State
UNC - Chapel Hill
UNC - Charlotte
UNC - Greensboro
UNC - Pembroke
UNC - Wilmington
Wake Forest
Western Carolina
Wingate University
Women 's Collegiate
Appalachian State
Duke
East Carolina
Elon
Guilford
North Carolina State
UNC - Greensboro
UNC - Chapel Hill
UNC - Charlotte
UNC - Wilmington
Western Carolina
Girl 's High School/Club
East Meck ( DEFUNCT )
North Meck
Myers Park
Providence ( DEFUNCT )
South Meck HS
TAYRA Capitals
Northern Guildford Nighthawks
Drop Kick Divas
Greensboro Youth Rugby Association
References
External links
USA Rugby official site
Rugby union governing bodies in the United States
Rugby union in North Carolina
The 1976 Jordanian League ( known as The Jordanian League , was the 26th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944.In the 1976 it was called ( first division league ) Al-Faisaly won its 16th title . It was the first season for Al-Wehdat in the Premier League , which then was relegated after a play-out match with Al Jazeera .
Teams
Map
League table
Al-Wehdat relegated after a play-out match with Al-Jazeera ( 1-2 ) .
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship .
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
The Football Federation of the 4th Department Guairá ( Federación de Fútbol Cuarto Departamento Guairá ) is the departamental governing body of football ( soccer ) in the department of Guairá , in Paraguay . The federation is responsible for the organization of football leagues in the different cities of the department and it is also the regulator of the clubs . The main office of this federation is located in the city of Villarrica .
Tournaments for each league of this federation are played every year to determine the best teams . Afterwards , the champions of each league face each other to determine the best team in the department , with the overall winner being promoted to a higher division in the Paraguayan football league system .
Leagues in Guairá
Liga Azucarera de Fútbol
The Liga Azucarera de Fútbol is based in the city of Tebicuary . The following teams are part of this league :
27 de Noviembre
29 de Setiembre
3 de Mayo
Sportivo Capellan
Nacional
Sportivo Loma Pindo
Libertad
Liga Deportiva Gral . Eugenio A. Garay
The Liga Deportiva Gral . Eugenio A. Garay is based in the city of General Eugenio A. Garay . The following teams are part of this league :
Sol de Ybytyruzu
Juventud Unidos
12 de Junio
15 de Agosto
25 de Enero
Atletico Juvenil
Sportivo San Antonio
Sportivo Union
Sportivo 3 de Mayo Cerrito
24 de Junio
19 de Marzo
Liga Guaireña de Fútbol
The Liga Guaireña de Fútbol is based in the city of Villarrica . The following teams are part of this league : A la pagina de la liga
Estero Bellaco
Silvio Pettirossi
Cerro Cora
Olimpia
Atletico Guarani
Sportivo Ñumí
Deportivo Atletico Central
Parque del Guairá
3 de Febrero
Deportivo Rincón
Liga Iturbeña de Fútbol
The Liga Iturbeña de Fútbol is based in the city of Iturbe . The following teams are part of this league :
Atletico El Porvenir
12 de Junio
Sport Juventud
4 de Octubre
27 de Noviembre
25 de Noviembre
Union S.D . Potrero San Genaro
Deportivo Rojas Potrero
Liga Deportiva José Fassardi
The Liga Deportiva José Fassardi is based in the city of José Fassardi . The following teams are part of this league :
Capitán Miranda
Atlético Santa Rosa
Destello Juvenil ( el mejor equipo de la zona )
Independiente FBC
Deportivo Santa Rosa
12 de Junio
Fassardi Sport Club
Sagrado Corazón de Jesús
Liga Deportiva Paso Yobai
The Liga Deportiva Paso Yobai is based in the city of Paso Yobai . The following teams are part of this league :
Deportivo Azteca
12 de Octubre
S.D . Carai Chive
Atlético Independiente
Atlético Juventud
Atlético 8 de Diciembre
Sportivo Caaguy Poty
Liga Deportiva de Ybytyruzú
The Liga Deportiva de Ybytyruzú is based in the city of Mbocayaty del Guairá . The following teams are part of this league :
Sportivo Santa Bárbara
General Francisco Roa
Cerro Porteño
1 de Marzo
20 de Julio
Guaraní
Cap . Troche
Independiente
8 de Diciembre
15 de Mayo
Deportivo Juventud
Sol de America
Dr. Botrell
Liga Itapeña de Fútbol
The Liga Itapeña de Fútbol is based in the city of Itapé . The following teams are part of this league :
Deportivo San Ignacio
Libertad
15 de Mayo
Tte.Villagra
Olimpia
Cerro Porteño
Nacional
General Caballero
8 de Diciembre
San Miguel
Guaraní
Deportivo Union
FC Guaraní
3 de Mayo
Rubio Ñu
Liga Independencia de Futbol
The Liga Independencia de Futbol is based in the city of Melgarejo . The following teams are part of this league :
Vista Alegre
19 de Julio
Rubio Ñu
Atlético Santa Cecilia
Deportivo Alemán
Sport Pañetey
Independencia
11 Estrellas
Independiente
Atlético Carlos Pfannl
Sport Portero del Carmen
Deportivo Yroysa
External links
UFI Website
Guaira
Guairá Department
Munir Ahmed ( born 10 November 1970 ) is an Austrian former cricketer . They were part of the Austrian team at the 2011 ICC European T20 Championship Division One tournament .
References
1970 births
Living people
Austrian cricketers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Kamchuga ( ) is a rural locality ( a settlement ) and the administrative center of Medvedevskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 760 as of 2002 . There are 5 streets .
Geography
Kamchuga is located 29 km northeast of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kamchuga ( village ) is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Pediasia siculella is a species of moth of the family Crambidae described by Philogène Auguste Joseph Duponchel in 1836 . It is found in Sicily , Malta , Spain , Tunisia and Morocco .
References
Moths described in 1836
Crambini
Moths of Europe
Moths of Africa
Dachniki ( , Cottage People ) is the third studio album by the Russian band Leningrad .
Track listing
`` Дачники '' - Dachniki ( Cottage People ) – 2:10
`` СКА '' - SKA – 1:47
`` Когда нет денег '' - Kogda net deneg ( When there is no money ) – 2:59
`` Руки из карманов '' - Ruki iz karmanov ( Hands Out of Pockets ) – 1:33
`` Колбаса-любовь '' - Kolbasa-lyubov ( Sausage Love ) – 1:18
`` Хуй в пальто '' - Khuy v palto ( Cock in a Coat ) – 2:58
`` Космос '' - Kosmos ( Cosmos ) – 1:41
`` 007 '' – 2:10
`` Инструментал '' - Instrumental – 2:06
`` День рождения '' - Den rozhdeniya ( Birthday ) – 1:27
`` Я И.О.Б.Г . '' - Ya I.O.B.G . – 1:39
`` Блюз '' - Blyuz ( Blues ) – 3:07
`` Группа крови '' - Gruppa krovi ( Blood type ) – 3:28
`` Прогноз погоды '' - Prognoz pogody ( Weather Forecast ) – 2:16
`` Ну , погоди ! '' - Nu , pogodi ! ( Watch Out ! ) – 1:39
`` Терминатор '' - Terminator – 2:55
`` Всё это РЕЙВ '' - Vsyo eto REYV ( It 's All a Rave ) – 3:25
External links
Album available for download from the official Leningrad website
2000 albums
Leningrad ( band ) albums
Frank Pietronigro is an American interdisciplinary artist , educator and author . They were the first artist to create `` drift paintings '' , where their body floated within a three-dimensional painting that they created in zero gravity aboard NASA 's KC135 aircraft . They are a former Associate Fellow at the Frank-Ratchye STUDIO for Creative Inquiry at the Carnegie Mellon College of Fine Arts .
Education
Pietronigro studied at the University of the Arts in Philadelphia , the Multimedia Studies Program , San Francisco State University , and they received their Bachelor of Fine Arts in Interdisciplinary Arts , from the San Francisco Art Institute in 1996 .
Career
`` Drift painting '' project
On April 4 , 1998 , Pietronigro flew from NASA 's Johnson Space Center , aboard a KC135 turbojet , to create ‘ drift paintings ' as the artist 's body floated within the 3-D kinetic painting space facilitated by parabolic flight and microgravity . They appropriated modernist painting conventions using similar techniques employed in abstract expressionism but with the intention of having different outcomes within a postmodern situation . Pietronigro painted by squeezing rainbow colored acrylic paints from pastry bags into the space surrounding their body . A by by plastic bag was tethered to the interior of the jet using bungee cords and Velcro . This `` creativity chamber '' , as they called it , was to contain the floating paint while allowing for free-float body movement within the space . Before flight Pietronigro filled 10 '' , 14 '' and 18 '' pastry bags with acrylic gel medium , at the viscosity of toothpaste , and then they used these tools to project the paint into the space surrounding their body .
Other projects
Pietronigro is co-founder and project director of the Zero Gravity Arts Consortium ( ZGAC ) in the United States . They co-founded the organization in 1999 with Laura Knott and Lorelei Lisowsky . The group is an international space arts organization that aims to fostering greater access for artists to space flight technology and zero gravity space through the creation of international partnerships with space agencies , space industry entrepreneurs , arts and science organizations and leading universities . It is the first organization of its kind , facilitating parabolic flight projects that the group hopes will help teams of artists to have permanent access to space transportation systems including the International Space Station .
Pietronigro is one of the coordinators for `` Yuri 's Night '' Bay Area 2007/08 held at NASA Ames Research Center . `` Yuri 's Night '' is a series of parties in various countries that celebrate the anniversary of Yuri Gagarin 's first manned space flight in 1961 . Pietronigro leads a Yuri 's Night Bay Area event at NASA Ames Research Center on the tarmac and surrounding aircraft hangars .
In 2006 , they were co-chair of the Space Art Track of the 25th International Space Development Conference , co-sponsored by the National Space Society and the Planetary Society .
Awards and recognition
Pietronigro has been awarded multiple San Francisco Arts Commission Individual Artist Commission Grants ; a National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program Award ; a Sobel Memorial Scholarship from the San Francisco Art Institute ; a Creativity Certificate of Distinction from Art Direction Magazine ; and a Merit Award from the Society of Communicating Arts , during their 32nd Annual Exhibit of Advertising and Design .
Notes
External links
Zero Gravity Arts Consortium
New Scientist Magazine Feature , May 23 , 2007
25th / 26th International Space Development Conference
Fortune Magazine / CNN Money Space Art Feature
Living people
American artists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Interdisciplinary artists
University of the Arts ( Philadelphia ) alumni
Sella Turcica is a 2010 horror film written and directed by Fred Vogel , and co-written by Shelby Vogel and Don Moore .
Plot
While serving in the Middle East , Sergeant Bradley Roback and their squad vanished while on patrol , their equipment and vehicles being found abandoned , with no signs of a struggle . Days after their disappearance , Brad and ten of the other twelve missing soldiers turned up unconscious outside of their base . When the men woke up in the LRMC in Germany , they were found to be suffering from unexplainable physical impairments . Brad lost the ability to walk , taste and see in color , and is plagued by frequent and severe headaches that are exacerbated by high-pitched noise .
Brad is sent home to their family , where their condition causes some tension , something not helped by their sister Ashley 's insensitive boyfriend , Gavyn . As the hours pass , Brad 's body and mind deteriorate . They have periods of unresponsiveness , suffers from seizures , a wound on their right foot worsens , they become gaunter , their eyes and tongue swell , their fingernails and teeth yellow , and they begin expelling a black fluid from their ears , mouth , and anus . In the morning after their return , Brad is found by their mother , Karmen , ingesting a large amount of salt in the kitchen , having apparently entered the room under their own power . As their mother gets their wheelchair from the parlor , Brad returns to their bed , and becomes semi-catatonic , refusing to move and denying that they need to go to a hospital when their brother Bruce suggests it .
When Gavyn stops by , their blunt comments about Brad 's condition and their relationship with Ashley sparks a fight between them and Bruce . After Bruce goes outside to cool off and gets into an argument with their mother in the yard , Brad ( who has just killed and ate the family dog , Fulci ) wheels into the kitchen , stands up and attacks Gavyn . Gavyn 's screams alert Bruce and Karmen , who find them dead from severe head trauma , and Brad convulsing on the floor . As Bruce tries to revive Brad , Ashley ( who had just arrived home from dance practice ) leads their mother out of the room . As soon as Ashley and Karmen leave , Brad springs to life , rips Bruce 's lower jaw off , and clumsily stumbles after their mother and sister , emitting animalistic noises .
Brad finds Ashley and Karmen , and kills the former by punching through a door and impaling them through the neck on the splintered wood , subsequently ripping their head off . As Brad struggles to get to her , Karmen bludgeons them with a metal wall ornament , prompting a slug-like creature to burst out of their sella turcica ( seemingly confirming Brad 's earlier , sarcastic theory that they and their squad were abducted and experimented on by aliens ) . Karmen beats Brad and the entity to death , and the film ends with home movies of the Robacks , and Karmen 's husband returning home to discover their wife has hanged themselves in the garage .
Cast
Reception
Moria awarded Sella Turcica two and a half stars out of five , finding the characters well-rounded and the drama and performances compelling , but the finale unsatisfying , stating it `` is the point where the film goes from a well-established character ensemble about people reacting to a family member becoming ill to a predictable gore bloodbath '' and that the effects were `` impressively gore-drenched but not always the most convincing '' . The exploitation film database The Worldwide Celluloid Massacre described Sella Turcica as `` pretty good horror '' with an interesting storyline , passable acting , and impactful gore scenes .
Arrow in the Head had a lukewarm reaction to Sella Turcica , writing `` It tries really hard . It does . Unfortunately its dramatic portion is overwrought and its gore freak-out ending feels like a cheat to make the movie more memorable than it deserves to be , even if said gore is fantastic '' . The film was called `` rotten '' and `` dead '' by Soiled Sinema , which criticized the acting and felt the only worthwhile element of the `` dreary production '' was the ending massacre .
See also
Deathdream , a similar film released in 1972 .
List of zombie short films and undead-related projects
References
External links
2010 films
2010s horror drama films
Iraq War films
American splatter films
2010 horror films
2010 war drama films
American body horror films
Films shot in Ohio
American horror drama films
American zombie films
American war drama films
2010 direct-to-video films
American independent films
Direct-to-video horror films
Films directed by Fred Vogel
2010 drama films
2010 independent films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Black Maria ( 1923–1932 ) was an American Thoroughbred racing filly who earned national Champion honors three times .
Background
Bred in Kentucky by William R. Coe , they were sired by Black Toney , the great foundation stallion of Idle Hour Stock Farm . Them dam was Bird Loose , a daughter of the French stallion Sardanapale , a two-time Leading sire in France who won the 1914 Prix du Jockey Club and , at the time France 's most important race , the Grand Prix de Paris .
Racing career
Black Maria raced as a two-year-old and won but did not claim victory in any of the top races for their age group . A filly who regularly raced against male horses , after winning the Kentucky Oaks for fillies , they defeated males in the Saratoga Sales Stakes and the Aqueduct Handicap . Them performances at age three earned their American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly honors . Black Maria was voted the 1927 and 1928 American Champion Older Female Horse , highlighted by their defeat of males in the preeminent race on the U.S. East Coast for milers , the Metropolitan Handicap in a performance that made The New York Times call them `` a great race mare . '' At age five , they beat their male counterparts again to win the Whitney Handicap .
In 1932 , Black Maria suffered a broken leg as a result of a paddock accident and was humanely destroyed .
Name
They were named after an earlier world-famous black racehorse , the second element of whose name was pronounced /məˈraɪə/ ( ma-rye-ah ) in accordance with the traditional English pronunciation of Latin and Latin-based names always used at that time . The first Black Maria was foaled in Harlem , New York in 1826 . They won so many races their purse winnings alone amounted to nearly $ 15,000 , a very large sum for the period . Them most famous exploit occurred on 13 October 1832 when they won the race for the Jockey Club purse of $ 600 at the Union Course . In 1870 , an article about them in Harper 's New Monthly Magazine said : `` The track was heavy , and yet , to achieve a victory , twenty miles had to be run . We wonder if there is a horse on the turf to-day that could stand up under such a performance as this ? . ''
Them speed was implied in the nickname given to horse-drawn black ( or dark blue ) police prisoner vans of the period , swiftly whisking felons away from the scene of a crime . This name for a police van was adopted in Britain and even France where a similar term was already in use .
Pedigree
References
1923 racehorse births
1932 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
American Champion racehorses
Kentucky Oaks winners
Thoroughbred family 14-a
Al-Ahli Club ( ) also known as Al Ahli Merowe is an association football club from Merowe , Sudan . They play in the top level of Sudanese professional football , the Sudan Premier League . Their home stadium is Merowe Stadium . In 2021 , the club played in the CAF Conderation Cup for the first time in the club 's history .
History
In 2021 , Al Ahli Merowe qualified for the 2021–22 CAF Confederation Cup after winning the 2021 Sudanese Cup . In their first round match against South Sudan club Atlabara , they won by 4–0 on aggregate . They however lost their second round match first leg match Kenyan club Gor Mahia by 3–1 and later withdrew from the competition , causing Gor Mahia to qualify to the next stage .
References
External links
Team profile – goalzz.com
Al Ahli Club Merowe at Soccerway
Al Ahli Club Merowe at Footballdatabase.eu
Al Ahli Club Merowe at Global Sports Archive
Football clubs in Sudan
Association football clubs established in 1956
1956 establishments in Sudan
Butts County is a county located in the central part of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 23,655 . The county seat is Jackson . The county was created on December 24 , 1825 .
Butts County is included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell , GA Metropolitan Statistical Area .
In 2010 , the center of population of Georgia was located in the northeastern portion of the county .
History
Butts County was formed on December 24 , 1825 as the sixty-fourth county in Georgia from portions of Henry County and Monroe County . It was named by the Georgia General Assembly in honor of Samuel Butts , an officer who was killed in the Creek War in 1814 . A year later , Jackson was created as the first city in the new county and became the county seat . Other towns followed , including Indian Springs ( 1837 ) ; Flovilla ( 1883 ) ; Jenkinsburg ( 1889 ) ; and Pepperton ( 1897 ) . Indian Springs later disincorporated and Pepperton was merged with Jackson in 1966 , leaving just three incorporated cities in Butts County . In recent years , Indian Springs has again become a tourist destination including many historic sites , shops , eating establishment and the famous Indian Springs Hotel as its centerpiece .
Much of Butts County and its cities were destroyed by the army of General William T. Sherman in its March to the Sea during the American Civil War . Butts County struggled for decades afterwards to become economically stable again . The arrival of the first railroad train on May 5 , 1882 started the resurgence and growth followed . In 1898 , caught up in the post-reconstruction fervor that had infected most Georgia counties , Butts County erected a monumental courthouse designed by Bruce & Morgan . This building is still in use as a courthouse to this day . The construction of the Lloyd Shoals dam in 1910 created Jackson Lake , a recreational lake located primarily in Butts County .
Progress milestones in Butts County include the first telephones in 1884 ; first waterworks in 1905 ; electric lights on February 19 , 1907 ; and traffic lights in 1926 .
In 2007 , Butts County , along with the city of Flovilla were both designated as Georgia Signature Communities by the Georgia Department of Community Affairs . This prestigious designation was given to a total of 12 communities in Georgia that year .
Mass Media
Butts County has one radio station : WJGA FM 92.1 and one local newspaper , the Jackson Progress-Argus .
The county has gained attention in recent years as being a frequent backdrop for a number of movies and television shows . Most recently , the Netflix series Stranger Things made the Butts County city of Jackson , Georgia the backdrop of the show 's fictional town of Hawkins , Indiana , turning the downtown area into a 1980s Indiana small town . In addition to the many buildings of the downtown that are visible in various scenes , the exterior of the Butts County Courthouse is featured , standing in for the Hawkins library .
The fact that Butts County serves as the filming location for key events in the show has already led fans there after just two seasons . Other shows which have filmed in the area include The Originals , a television show , and a recent remake of Endless Love by Universal Studios .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.9 % ) is water . The entirety of Butts County is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin .
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 23
State Route 16
State Route 36
State Route 42
State Route 87
State Route 401 ( unsigned designation for I-75 )
Adjacent counties
Newton County ( north )
Jasper County ( east )
Monroe County ( south )
Lamar County ( southwest )
Spalding County ( west )
Henry County ( northwest )
Government and infrastructure
County government
Butts County is governed by a Board of Commissioners composed of one commissioner from each of the county 's five electoral districts . The commission members serve four year , staggered terms . The Board is presided over by the Chairman , elected annually from the members of the Commission to chair the meetings of the Board . The Board employs a County Administrator , Deputy County Administrator , County Clerk and nine department managers to oversee the daily affairs of the government .
There are four Constitutional Officers and three Elected Officials who are elected at-large by the voters of the county . The Constitutional Officers include the Sheriff ; Tax Commissioner ; Probate Judge and Clerk of the Superior Court . Elected officials include the Magistrate Judge ; Coroner and County Surveyor . Other services are provided by departments headed by appointees of the Board of Commissioners .
In 2008 , a movement began to create an elected , at-large chairperson position to serve as presiding officer over the Board of Commissioners . This movement lost ground in 2009 and has not been revisited .
State representation
The Georgia Diagnostic and Classification State Prison of the Georgia Department of Corrections is a maximum security prison in unincorporated Butts County . It is home to Georgia 's death row for men and Georgia 's execution facility . The prison is also home to maximum security general population ( non-death row ) .
Politics
Famous and notable places
1821 - The Indian Springs Hotel , now a museum , was the site of the signing of the treaty that ceded all Native American land in Butts County to the government . Today it is operated as a museum and had been carefully preserved by generations of historical society members . Indian Springs State Park surrounds the hotel and is the oldest State Park in the nation .
Jackson Lake , created by the damming of the Ocmulgee River in 1911 , is now a recreational venue that attracts many visitors from all over middle and North Georgia .
1929 - Fresh Air Barbecue , the oldest functioning barbecue restaurant still in its original location in Georgia , was awarded the title of Georgia 's Best Barbecue in 1984 .
1966 - Georgia Diagnostic and Classification State Prison , ( formerly Georgia Diagnostic and Classification Center , and often shortened to Georgia Diagnostic Prison . ) , is the largest employer in Butts County . The prison is a maximum security prison that also houses the death row inmates . Until recent years , it was the location of the electric chair until this was replaced by lethal injection .
1978 - Dauset Trails Nature Center was founded .
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 19,522 people , 6,455 households , and 4,867 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 7,380 housing units at an average density of 40 per square mile ( 15/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 69.22 % White , 28.82 % Black or African American , 0.39 % Native American , 0.26 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 0.34 % from other races , and 0.95 % from two or more races . 1.42 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 6,455 households , out of which 34.50 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.00 % were married couples living together , 13.90 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 24.60 % were non-families . 20.90 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.15 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 24.10 % under the age of 18 , 9.20 % from 18 to 24 , 33.00 % from 25 to 44 , 23.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.20 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females , there were 114.10 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 117.80 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 39,879 , and the median income for a family was $ 44,937 . Males had a median income of $ 33,155 versus $ 21,869 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,016 . About 8.60 % of families and 11.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 15.00 % of those under age 18 and 16.70 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 23,655 people , 7,881 households , and 5,834 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 9,357 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 69.9 % white , 27.3 % black or African American , 0.5 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 0.7 % from other races , and 1.3 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.5 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 22.3 % were American , 10.4 % were Irish , 9.8 % were English , and 6.8 % were German .
Of the 7,881 households , 36.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.8 % were married couples living together , 15.6 % had a female householder with no husband present , 26.0 % were non-families , and 21.8 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.70 and the average family size was 3.13 . The median age was 38.1 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 52,257 and the median income for a family was $ 59,511 . Males had a median income of $ 38,801 versus $ 31,310 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 20,963 . About 9.0 % of families and 12.4 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 19.1 % of those under age 18 and 10.0 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 25,434 people , 8,279 households , and 5,823 families residing in the county .
Education
All parts of the county are in the Butts County School District .
Communities
Cities
Flovilla
Jackson
Jenkinsburg
Unincorporated communities
Stark
Worthville
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Butts County , Georgia
References
External links
Butts County Board of Commissioners Official Site
Butts County Historical Society
Butts County historical marker
1825 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1825
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
Butts
Hananoko Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan . The dam is used for irrigation . The catchment area of the dam is 3.3 km2 . The dam impounds about 16 ha of land when full and can store 1025 thousand cubic meters of water . The construction of the dam was started on and completed in 1959 .
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1959 establishments in Japan
The Pini or Nana , or more specifically the Birniridjara , also spelt Piniridjara and Biniridjara , are an Aboriginal Australian people of Western Australia .
Country
Norman Tindale estimated Pini tribal lands to have encompassed approximately , west of Lake Carnegie and the ephemeral Lake Wells to its south . The land took in Erlistoun Creek and Lake Darlot . Their northern frontier ran as far as Wongawol and Princes Range
Alternative names
Piniiri
Piniridjara , Biniridjara
Pandjanu , Bandjanu ( a toponym referring to what is known now as Bandya Station )
Banjanu
Tjubun
Madutjara . ( Nangatadjara exonym ) .
Jabura . ( Tjalkadjara exonym meaning `` northerners . '' )
Birni
Buranudjara . ( ? )
Nangaritjara ( Tjalkadjara term for their language )
Wordako . ( apparently indicating the language of the Lake Darlot people ) .
Notes
Citations
Sources
Aboriginal peoples of Western Australia
The Andrew J. Cheney House is a historic house on a former plantation in Marietta , Georgia , U.S .. Built in the Antebellum Era , it was used by Union General William Tecumseh Sherman during the American Civil War , and it was the private residence of a state representative after the war . It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
History
The house was built in 1856 for Andrew Jackson Cheney , a planter and slaveholder , who lived here with their wife , née Lucy Swift . During the American Civil War of 1861–1865 , the house was occupied by the Union Army . Specifically , General William Tecumseh Sherman was stationed in the house on June 23–25 , 1864 .
After the war , Cheney hired freedmen as sharecroppers on their plantation . Their first wife died , and they married Nancy Hammack . Their son , John Percival Cheney , who served as a member of the Georgia House of Representatives , inherited the house . It was purchased by John E. Mozley in the 1930s , followed by Kenneth Newcomer in the 1950s . As of October 2016 , it is occupied by the current owner .
Architectural significance
The house was designed in the Greek Revival architectural style . It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since July 22 , 1979 .
References
Houses in Cobb County , Georgia
National Register of Historic Places in Cobb County , Georgia
Greek Revival architecture in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Houses completed in 1857
Plantation houses in Georgia ( U.S. state )
La Surprise de l'amour is a three-act romantic comedy by French playwright Marivaux . Its title is usually translated into English as The Surprise of Love . La Surprise de l'amour was first performed 3 May 1722 by the Comédie Italienne at the Hotel de Bourgogne in Paris . In this play , a man and a woman who 've sworn off love are tricked by their servants into falling in love with each other .
Like many of Marivaux 's other comedies , La Surprise de l'amour makes use of stock characters from the Commedia dell'arte . In this play , Arlequin and Columbine are featured .
Théophile Gautier considered this to be Marivaux 's finest work .
Plot summary
After having been betrayed by a woman , Lélio renounces love and retires to the countryside with their valet , Arlequin , whose adventures in love are similar . Arlequin , who loves everything about women , including their faults , struggles with the task of forgetting them . One of Lélio 's servants , Jacqueline , hopes to marry Pierre , a servant at the nearby home of the countess . Lélio refuses to allow the two to marry , as they impose their own viewpoint on their entire household .
The countess , who themselves refuses to love men , comes to intervene . Despite the fact that Lélio and the countess swear not to fall in love , a friend of Lélio predicts that this will come to pass . The countess decides to avoid Lélio , but in doing so , they earn their respect and sets in motion the ideas of their servant Columbine . Through the machinations of Columbine and Arlequin ( who in turn fall in love themselves ) , the countess and Lélio ultimately end up together . The play ends with three happy couples : Lélio and the countess , Arlequin and Columbine , and Pierre and Jacqueline .
Characters
The countess - a wealthy widow who has sworn off men
Lélio - a man who has sworn off women
The baron - a friend of Lélio
Arlequin - Lélio 's valet
Columbine - The countess ' confidente
Jacqueline - a female servant in Lélio 's household
Pierre - the countess ' gardener
External links
La Surprise de l'amour , in French from the Bibliothèque Nationale
La Surprise de l'amour from the French site CÉSAR
1722 plays
Plays by Pierre de Marivaux
Trotters is an unincorporated community in Golden Valley County , North Dakota , United States . Trotters are located on North Dakota Highway 16 , north of Beach . The community did not receive telephone service until 1972 , and Highway 16 , its only road , was paved in the 1980s .
Name
Trotters are named after Francis Leighton Trotter ( surname sometimes Trotters , 1865–1908 ) , who served as the first postmaster in the community . Trotter carried mail from Wibaux , Montana for a year without pay in order to establish the post office .
History
Leonard Hall , who moved to Trotters in 1956 , was the town 's only resident for much of the twentieth century . Hall was the postmaster of the Trotters post office , which opened in 1904 and served area ranchers as far as away from Trotters , as few other post offices operated in the region . The post office also served as the town 's grocery store and gas station , and Hall lived in the back of the building . Two other buildings , a disused church and an empty abandoned structure , also stood in the town . The post office closed in 1995 when Hall 's poor health caused them to retire as postmaster .
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system , Trotters has a semi-arid climate , abbreviated `` BSk '' on climate maps .
References
Unincorporated communities in Golden Valley County , North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in North Dakota
Thomas Phillips ( 5 July 1708 , Ickford , Buckinghamshire – 16 June 1774 , Liège ) was an English Jesuit priest , known as the biographer of Reginald Cardinal Pole .
Life
Phillips was the great-nephew of William Joyner , a prominent Catholic convert , whose sister , Mary , married an attorney , Thomas Phillips ; the couple had a daughter , and a son , Thomas , who converted to Roman Catholicism . He , in turn , married Elizabeth Crosse , daughter of Johnshall Crosse of Bledlow , and they had nine children ( eight sons and one daughter ) , including Thomas Phillips , the Jesuit priest and biographer .
Phillips 's early schooling was Protestant , after which they were sent to the College of St Omer . When they had completed their course of rhetoric they entered the novitiate of the Society of Jesus at Watten on 7 September 1726 , and made the simple vows of the Society on 8 September 1728 . They were then moved to the English College , Liège for their three-year course of philosophy .
Soon after Phillip 's admission to holy orders their father died , leaving them independently wealthy . They travelled through the Netherlands , Germany , France , and Italy , visiting universities , and forming friendships . During the third year of their philosophical course , on 17 July 1731 , they made a voluntary renunciation of their property to the college at Liège and the provincial , the Rev John Turberville . In the second year of their course of theology they sought permission to conduct a course of humanities at St Omer , against the requirement of the Society to accept assignments , and they were turned down . On 4 July 1733 they withdrew from the Society .
Phillips then went to Rome , where Henry Sheldon , rector of the English College , Rome , introduced them to Charles Edward Stuart , who found for them an appointment as a canon at Tongres ( 1 September 1739 ) , with a dispensation to serve on the English mission . Returning to England , they officiated as chaplain to George Talbot , 14th Earl of Shrewsbury , at Heythrop Park from 1739-53 . They then served as chaplain to Sir Richard Acton , 5th Baronet at Aldenham Park , Shropshire ; and subsequently ( 1763–65 ) to Robert Berkeley of Spetchley Park , Worcestershire . Eventually they returned to Liège , where they were readmitted to the Society of Jesus on 16 June 1768 . They died there in July 1774 .
Works
Phillips 's major work was The History of the Life of Cardinal Pole ( 1764 ) . Their object in it was to give an account of the Council of Trent from a Roman Catholic point of view .
There were many Protestant replies . Thomas Secker , at that time Archbishop of Canterbury , saw it as an attack on the Protestant Reformation ; and Gloucester Ridley wrote a Review ( 1766 ) reflecting Secker 's opinion .
Other responses came from Timothy Neve , John Jortin , Edward Stone and Richard Tillard . William Cole 's unpublished Observations on answers to Phillips 's book , and correspondence with the author , went to the British Museum . Phillips themselves appended An Answer to the principal Objections to their Study of Sacred Literature ( 1765 ) . They responded to the 1766 Animadversions by Neve , who had defended the characters of Protestant reformers , in later editions of the History .
The biography stayed near to its sources , particularly Angelo Maria Quirini , but also Ludovico Beccadelli and Andreas Dudith . Critics have considered that Phillips rearranged Quirini , coming close to plagiarism .
Other works were :
To the Right Reverend and Religious Dame Elizabeth Phillips on them entering the Religious Order of St. Benet , in the Convent of English Dames of the same Order at Gant , privately printed , sine loco [ 1748 ? ] , and addressed to their sister . Reprinted in the European Magazine , September 1796 , and in the Catholic Magazine and Review , Birmingham , March 1833 .
A Letter to a Student at a Foreign University on the Study of Divinity , by `` T. P. s. c. t. '' ( i.e . senior canon of Tongres ) , London , 1756 ; 2nd edit . 1758 ; 3rd edit. , London , 1765 . The third edition is entitled The Study of Sacred Literature fully stated and considered , in a Discourse to a Student in Divinity .
Philemon , privately printed , sine loco , 1761—a pamphlet suppressed by the author containing incidents in their early life .
Censura Commentariorum Cornelii à Lapide , in Latin , on a single sheet .
A metrical translation of the Lauda Sion Salvatorem , beginning `` Sion , rejoice in tuneful lays . ''
Augustin de Backer attributed to them Reasons for the Repeal of the Laws against the Papists , by Robert Berkeley of Spetchley .
Notes
Attribution
1708 births
1774 deaths
18th-century English Jesuits
English biographers
People from Buckinghamshire
Rajah Sulayperson , sometimes referred to as Sulayperson III ( Sanskrit : स्ललैअह् , Arabic : سليمان , Abecedario : Suláimán ) ( 1558–1575 ) , was the Rajah of Maynila , a fortified Tagalog Muslim polity on the southern half of the Pasig River delta , when a Spanish expedition arrived in the early 1570s .
Sulayperson – along with their co-ruler Rajah Matanda of Maynila and Lakan Dula , who ruled the neighboring polity of Tondo – was one of the three reigning monarchs during the Spanish conquest of the Port of Manila and the Pasig River delta . Spanish accounts describe them as the most aggressive of the three rulers – a characteristic chalked up to their youth relative to the other two rulers .
They were the rajah in the Pasig River Delta era . Their adoptive son , baptised Agustin de Legaspi upon conversion to Christianity , was proclaimed the paramount ruler of Tondo upon the death of Lakan Dula , but they along with most of Lakan Dula 's sons and most of Sulayperson 's adoptive sons were executed by the Spanish after being implicated in the 1587–1588 Tondo Conspiracy . This action helped the Spanish Empire to further solidify its grip on Luzon and most of the Philippine archipelago .
Names
Spanish documents note that Sulayperson 's subjects called them Raja Mura or Raja Muda , `` Young Raja '' , a reference to the fact that they were Raja Matanda 's nephew and heir apparent . The Spaniards also called them `` Raja Solimano el Mow '' so their name is also often spelled as Solimán due to Spanish influence .
Ancestry
According to the genealogy proposed by Mariano A. Henson in 1955 , and asserted by Majul in 1973 , Sulayperson was the 14th Raja of Manila since it was founded as a Muslim principality in 1258 by Rajah Ahmad when they defeated the Majapahit suzerain , Raja Avirjirkaya .
Spanish conquest of Manila ( 1570–1571 )
Rajah Sulayperson was the ruler of Maynila along with Rajah Matanda when the invasion of Legazpi occurred . Manila was already influenced by neighboring Southeast Asian kingdoms . The area was already an entrepot of trade from China , Siam and other places .
The Spanish explorer Miguel López de Legazpi , searching for a suitable place to establish their capital after moving from Cebu to Panay due to Portuguese claim of the archipelago , sent Martín de Goiti and Juan de Salcedo on an expedition northwards to Luzon upon hearing of a prosperous kingdom there .
Goiti anchored at Cavite and established their authority by sending a `` message of friendship '' to the states surrounding the Pasig River . Sulayperson , who had been given authority over these settlements by the ageing Rajah Matanda , was willing to accept the `` friendship '' from the Spaniards . However , they refused to cede their sovereignty , and had no choice but to waged war against the new arrivals ' demands . As a result , Goíti and their army invaded the kingdoms in June 1570 , sacking and burning the great city before returning to Panay .
Tarik Sulayperson and the Battle of Bangkusay ( 1571 )
Some controversy exists about the identity of the leader of the Macabebe people that initiated the Battle of Bangkusay in 1571 . That chieftain is referred to by Filipino historians as Tarik Sulayperson . In some versions of the Battle of Bangkusay , Tarik Sulayperson of Macabebe and Sulayperson III of Manila are the same person , while other contend that they are separate individuals .
Spanish documents do not name the leader of the Macabebe Revolt , but record that they died at Bangkusay , resulting in a Macabebe retreat and Spanish victory . Sulayperson III , on the other hand , is clearly recorded as participating in the Revolt of 1574 , and thus can not be the unnamed figure who died in 1571 at Bangkusay .
The `` Sulayperson Revolt '' ( 1574 )
When López de Legazpi died in 1572 , their successor , Governor-General Guido de Lavezaris , did not honour their agreements with Sulayperson and Lakan Dula . They sequestered the properties of both kings and tolerated Spanish atrocities .
In response , Sulayperson and Lakan Dula led a revolt in the villages of Navotas in 1574 , taking advantage of the confusion brought about by the attacks of Chinese pirate Limahong . This is often referred to as the `` Manila Revolt of 1574 '' but is sometimes referred to as the `` Sulayperson Revolt '' and the `` Lakan Dula Revolt . '' Since it involved naval forces , the Sulayperson Revolt is also known as the `` First Battle of Manila Bay '' .
Friar Gerónimo Marín and Juan de Salcedo were tasked with pursuing conciliatory talks with the kingdoms . Lakan Dula and Sulayperson agreed to Salcedo 's peace treaty and an alliance was formed between the two groups .
Life after 1574
Some accounts from the American Occupation claim that Sulayperson was killed during the revolt of 1574 , but this once again seems to be the result of Sulayperson being confused with Tarik Sulayperson of Macabebe , who had died in the previous revolt in 1571 . A review of genealogical documents in the National Archives notes that Sulayperson lived past the 1574 revolt , in which their son , Rahang Bago , was killed , and lived long enough to adopt the children of an unnamed sibling to be their descendants .
Sulayperson is no longer mentioned in the accounts of events that took place from 1586 to 1588 , which involved many members of their family .
Descendants
According to Luciano P.R . Santiago 's genealogical research , Sulayperson married their cousin , a princess from Borneo , and they had at least two biological children : a son referred to as `` Rahang Bago '' ( `` new prince '' ; written as `` Raxa el Vago '' in the Spanish texts ) , and a daughter who would be baptized Doña María Laran . A legend cited by the government of Pasay in the 1950s also says Sulayperson had two children : a son named Suwaboy , and a daughter , Dayang-dayang ( Princess ) Pasay , who would inherit from their father the lands south of Manila now known as Pasay and Parañaque . However , Rahang Bago and their cousin Lumantalan were killed by the Spanish in November 1574 , in the confusion that ensued during the attack of the Chinese corsair , Limahong .
According to Santiago 's research , Doña María Laran had two daughters : Doña Inés Dahitim , the elder , who married Don Miguel Banal of Quiapo ; and Doña María Guinyamat , who married a Don Agustín Turingan . Luciano P.R . Santiago theorizes that Don Miguel Banal was the son of the Don Juan Banal implicated in the Tondo Conspiracy of 1587 . Santiago furthers that Don Miguel Banal and Doña Inés Dahitim are said to have begotten the second Filipino to join the Augustinian Order , Fray Marcelo Banal de San Agustín .
The oral legend cited by the local government of Pasay says that Dayang-dayang Pasay married a local prince named Maytubig and settled in the place called Balite . The legend says that they had a daughter named Dominga Custodio , who grew up to donate all their lands to the Augustinians just before their death .
Santiago , however , claims that aside from their biological children , Sulayperson had descendants by adoption . Santiago 's genealogical research suggests that Sulayperson had at least one male sibling , unnamed in the records , and who had died prior to the death of Rahang Bago in 1574 . Sulayperson chose to adopt the sons of this sibling , who were identified in records as Agustín de Legaspi , Don Gabriel Taumbasan , and Don Jerónimo Bassi . All three adopted children of Sulayperson participated in the Tondo Conspiracy of 1587 , and only Taumbasan was not executed , having instead been exiled in Mexico for four years .
Others
According to Meranau history , they are part of this list of rulers :
Rajah Sulayperson
Rajah Indarafatra
Rajah Umaka'an
Legacy
In Rizal Park in Manila is a statue of Rajah Sulayperson as a hero against Spanish invasion . Rajah Soliman Science and Technology High School in Binondo , Manila – one of two science high schools – is named after him .
See also
Agustín de Legazpi
Maginoo
Rajah
Sultan
Datu
Lakan
Philippine revolts against Spain
Lacandola Documents
References
|-
Filipino paramount rulers
Filipino datus , rajas and sultans
History of the Philippines ( 900–1565 )
People of Spanish colonial Philippines
People from Manila
1558 births
1575 deaths
Filipino Muslims
Filipino people of Malay descent
Zubaidah bint Ja ` far ibn al-Mansur ( ) ( died 26 Jumada I 216 AH / 10 July 831 CE ) was the best known of the Abbasid princesses , and the wife and double cousin of Harun al-Rashid . They are particularly remembered for the series of wells , reservoirs and artificial pools that provided water for Muslim pilgrims along the route from Baghdad to Mecca and Medina , which was renamed the Darb Zubaidah in their honor . The exploits of them and their husband , Harun al-Rashid , form part of the basis for The Thousand and One Nights .
Biography
Zubaidah 's birthdate is unknown ; it is known that they were at least a year younger than Harun . Them father , Ja'far was a half-brother of the Abbasid caliph al-Mahdi . Them mother , Salsal , was an elder sister of al-Khayzuran , second and most powerful wife of al-Mahdi , and mother of the future caliphs Musa al-Hadi and Harun al-Rashid .
Zubaidah is a pet name , given by their grandfather , caliph al-Mansur . The name means `` little butter ball '' . Zubaidah 's real name at birth was Sukhainah or Amat al-'Aziz '' . Later , Zubaidah got a kunya , Umm Ja'far ( meaning Mother of Ja'far ) , which reflects their royal lineage as a granddaughter of caliph Abu Ja'far al-Mansur and a wife of caliph Abu Ja'far Harun al-Rashid .
They were the granddaughter of the Abbasid caliph Al-Mansur , through their son Ja'far , and cousin of al-Rashid ( c.763 or 766–809 ) , who they later married ( Dhu al-Hijjah 165 AH/July 782 AD ) . The Abbasid caliph Muhammad al-Amin , who had a double royal lineage , was Zubaidah 's son . Them stepson was 'Abdullah al-Ma'mun , who also became a caliph after the civil war with al-Amin .
It is said that Zubaidah 's palace 'sounded like a beehive ' because they employed one hundred women maids who had memorized the Qur'an .
On their fifth pilgrimage to Mecca they saw that a drought had devastated the population and reduced the Zamzam Well to a trickle of water . They ordered the well to be deepened and spent over 2 million dinars improving the water supply of Makkah and the surrounding province . `` This included the construction of an aqueduct from the spring of Hunayn , 95 kilometers to the east , as well as the famed `` Spring of Zubayda '' on the plain of Arafat , one of the ritual locations on the Hajj . When their engineers cautioned them about the expense , never mind the technical difficulties , they replied that they were determined to carry out the work `` were every stroke of a pickax to cost a dinar '' , according to Ibn Khallikan. ``
They also improved the pilgrim route across nine hundred miles of desert between Kufa and Mecca . The road was paved and cleared of boulders and they assembled water storages at intervals . The water tanks also caught the surplus rainwater from storms that occasionally drowned people .
Ibn Battuta , referring to Zubaidah , states that `` every reservoir , pool or well on this road which goes from Mecca to Baghdad is due to their munificient bounty ... had it not been for their concern on behalf of this road , it would not be usable by anyone . '' They specifically mention the water reservoirs at Birkat al-Marjum and al-Qarurah .
Zubaidah hired a staff of assistants to manage their properties and to act on their behalf in numerous business ventures , independent of Harun . Them private home was also administered in a luxurious manner . Them meals were presented on gold and silver plates instead of the simple leather tray commonly used at the time , and they introduced the fashion trend of wearing sandals stitched with gems . They were also carried on a palanquin made of silver , ebony , and lined with silk .
They built themselves a palace with a large carpeted banquet hall supported by pillars made of ivory and gold . Verses of the Koran were engraved on the walls in gold letters . The palace was encircled by a garden full of uncommon animals and birds . They had a pet monkey attired as a cavalry soldier and hired 30 servants to attend to the monkey 's needs . Zubaidah 's visitors , including high-ranking generals , were required to kiss the monkey 's hand . In addition , a slew of slave girls followed them everywhere they went and each knew the Koran by heart .
They rebuilt Tabriz after a disastrous earthquake in 791 .
Caliphs related to them
The Caliphs who were related to them are :
References
831 deaths
8th-century women of the Abbasid Caliphate
9th-century women of the Abbasid Caliphate
One Thousand and One Nights characters
Harun al-Rashid
Wives of Abbasid caliphs
Year of birth unknown
8th-century Arabs
Mothers of Abbasid caliphs
Events in Italy in 1989 :
Incumbents
President of Italy : Francesco Cossiga
Prime Minister of Italy : Ciriaco De Mita until 22 July ; after 22 July Giulio Andreotti
Events
21 February - The Sanremo Music Festival 1989 opens at the Teatro Ariston in Sanremo .
24 May - AC Milan win the European Cup for the third time with a 4–0 victory over Romanian league champions Steaua Burcharest of in Barcelona .
18 June - The third elections for the European Parliament are held . A non-binding advisory referendum is held on the same day to re-affirm popular support for the process of European integration .
Date unknown
VeniceArrhythmias , a biannual international workshop is founded .
Sport
1989 Supercoppa Italiana
1989 Torneo di Viareggio
1989 Italian Grand Prix
1989 San Marino Grand Prix
1989 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix
1989 Giro d'Italia
1989 Italian Open ( tennis )
Film
53rd Venice International Film Festival
Births
18 March - Francesco Checcucci , footballer
11 May - Gianluigi Bianco , footballer
22 May - Aurora Ruffino , actor
9 August - Stefano Okaka , footballer
Deaths
30 April - Sergio Leone , film director ( b . 1929 )
2 October - Vittorio Caprioli , actor , director and screenwriter ( b . 1921 )
References
Italy
Years of the 20th century in Italy
1990s in Italy
Italy
Atybe plantii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1864 . It is known from Madagascar .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1864
is a private junior college in Dazaifu , Fukuoka , Japan , established in 1975 . The present name of the school was adopted in 2008 .
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1975
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Fukuoka Prefecture
Early childhood education in Japan
Buildings and structures in Dazaifu , Fukuoka
Teachers colleges in Japan
The ruddy spinetail ( Synallaxis rutilans ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae . It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
ruddy spinetail
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
ruddy spinetail
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Goulandris ( , feminine/genitive form Γουλανδρή ) is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Alexandros Goulandris ( 1927-2017 ) , Greek shipowner
Basil Goulandris ( 1913-1994 ) , Greek shipowner and arts patron
Chryss Goulandris ( born 1950 ) , Greek-Irish shipowner and horse breeder
John Goulandris ( ? -2016 ) , Greek shipowner
Nicholas J. Goulandris ( 1891-1957 ) , Greek shipowner
Niki Goulandris ( 1925-2019 ) , Greek painter and philanthropist
Nikos Goulandris ( 1913-1983 ) , Greek shipping tycoon and sports team owner
Greek-language surnames
Surnames
Geçitler is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 108 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
The Holiday Bowl was a bowling alley on Crenshaw Boulevard in Los Angeles , California . It was founded in 1958 by five Japanese-Americans and was a significant part of the rebuilding process of the Nikkei community after internment during World War II . The owners of the Holiday Bowl sold shares throughout the community to finance its construction . ''
Cultural significance
Located on Crenshaw Boulevard , the Holiday Bowl was important in the desegregation of Los Angeles and served an Anglo American , African American , and Japanese American clientele . The coffee shop served grits , udon , chow mein , and hamburgers . The Bowl operated four decades , and was a cultural , architectural , and recreational feature for the Crenshaw business district `` as the Hollywood Bowl has for the Hollywood Hills '' .
History
The Bowl was built by Japanese entrepreneurs as a combination bowling alley , pool hall , bar and coffee shop in 1958 and served Crenshaw 's Japanese residents who `` had not long before suffered Manzanar 's internment camps and a blanket racial ban by the American Bowling Congress . '' A Los Angeles Times magazine story noted : `` Once haunted at 4 a.m. by swing-shift aerospace workers and nighthawk Central Avenue jazz musicians , the Holiday Bowl , like Leimert Park to its south , remains a concrete expression of community in an era when the whole notion of community has been raised to the level of abstraction . '' A 1999 LA Weekly story said , `` Holiday speaks of Crenshaw 's bright , enduring middle-class dreams , with its '50s-inspired orange-and-green décor and giant plate-glass window that affords a grand view of Baldwin Hills to the south . Eat your grits and eat your heart out . '' The article also states that the ownership of the Bowl changed hands several times and offered `` a huge cross-section of ethnic dishes : Japanese ( harusame ( 春雨 ) , yakisoba , donburi ) , Chinese ( a vast assortment of chow mein , pork noodles , Foo young , saifun ) and black Southern ( hot links , grits , salmon patties , short ribs , biscuits and gravy ) . ''
The owner said they took pride in Holiday 's staying power , in its history , and the fact that it was designed by Armet & Davis , `` the architectural firm that popularized Googie-style coffee shops and turned diners like Holiday and the nearby Wich Stand into zig-zaggy emblems of L.A . optimism . '' They said the building was not damaged during the 1992 Los Angeles riots and that people bowled that night .
Architecture
The Holiday Bowl is considered an example of Googie architecture and was designed by the Armet & Davis architectural firm . The firm is said to have `` defined '50s Googie architecture '' . Helen Liu Fong was the designer at Armet & Davis who is credited with designing the Holiday Bowl .
The Bowl was photographed in stereo for 3-D viewing by Jack Laxer .
Closure
The Bowl closed in 2000 and was targeted for demolition . Bowl supporters mobilized , persuading the City of Los Angeles 's Cultural Heritage Commission to designate the structure an historical-cultural monument . It is listed as number 688 on the City of Los Angeles Historic Cultural Monument list .
Revitalization
The former bowling alley front area was refurbished in October 2004 and replaced with a modern outdoor shopping center anchored by Walgreens that opened in early 2006 . The former Coffee Shop had become a Starbucks Coffee and other restaurants from the former alley and the neon signs from the nearby former famous Honda/Pontiac car dealership had been upgraded . Preservationists wanted the landmark saved for its history , cultural significance , and architectural history .
References
External links
Demolished buildings and structures in Los Angeles
Googie architecture in California
Bowling alleys
Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments
1958 establishments in California
Yoʼokop is an ancient Maya city located in the Cochuah region of central Quintana Roo , Mexico . This area is best known as the center of the Caste War of Yucatán waged during the 19th century , that resulted in an independent Maya state governed from the city of Chan Santa Cruz .
The site was first publicized by the archaeologist Herbert Spinden along with the New York Times journalist Gregory Mason during the 1920s , but intensive scrutiny did not begin until the 21st century . Recent archaeological work at Yoʼokop has revealed that it was a large and significant urban center before the Spanish Conquest . It was continuously inhabited from the Formative Period through the Postclassic Period , as revealed by the presence of datable ceramic sherds and architecture . The name of the site , Yoʼokop refers to a large shallow lake at the southern end of the settlement . ( “ Yo ” is an article and “ Okop ” means lake . In older scholarship the site is referred to without the article as Okop . )
The grandeur of Yoʼokop can be demonstrated by the fact that the site contains a pyramid ( S4W1-1 ) overgrown with vegetation that is 28 meters tall—only two meters shorter than the celebrated Castillo of Chichen Itza . The site is organized around four groups of architecture made from stone and other enduring materials . These groups are connected with raised roads ( sacbeob ) . The areas between these larger groups contained houses made from perishable materials that are no longer easy to see .
An archaeological project was instigated at Yoʼokop in 2000 under the directorship of Justine Shaw and Dave Johnstone . As of 2009 their team has studied Yoʼokop through mapping , ceramic analysis , and test pits . Their initial data shows how the site was organized , fitted within trade networks , and changed over time . Recognizing the significance of the area , in 2003 they expanded their project into a survey of the broader Cochuah region . One scholar affiliated with the project , Johan Normark , has done research that is notable for its use of theories about material culture and `` agency '' .
Linnea Wren and Travis Nygard have analyzed the monumental record of Yoʼokop in terms of both sacred and `` gendered '' space . Sculpture at the site includes two freestanding stelae of male rulers and a wall panel of a male ball player—all three of which are rendered in low-relief . The site also includes carefully carved hieroglyphic stair risers describing a queen ( Kaloomte Na Chaʼak Kab ) who may have ruled at Yoʼokop under the overlord Sky Witness from Calakmul or Dzoyola . The risers were not found in-situ . ( For information on Sky Witness , see the work of Simon Martin and Nicolai Grube . )
Prior to Shaw and Johnstone 's project the site had been best-studied by Reginald Wilson , who published their findings during the 1970s . A brief visit to the site was also made during the 1950s by the Carnegie Institution of Washington .
Scholarship
Flores Colin , Alberto G. , Dave Johnstone , Justine M. Shaw , Jorge Pablo Huerta Rodríguez , and Johan Normark . `` U Chibal Be : A Road of Linage , the Mapping of Yoʼokop 's Sacbe 2 . '' In Final Report of the Cochuah Regional Archaeological Survey 's 2008 Field Season , edited by Justine M. Shaw , 7-36 . Eureka , CA : College of the Redwoods , 2008 .
Johnstone , Dave . `` The Ceramic Placement of Yoʼokop : Chronological and Regional Considerations . '' In Quintana Roo Archaeology , edited by Justine M. Shaw and Jennifer P. Mathews , 158-65 . Tucson : University of Arizona Press , 2005 .
Martin , Simon , and Nikolai Grube . Chronicle of the Maya Kings and Queens : Deciphering the Dynasties of the Ancient Maya . Rev . ed . London : Thames & Hudson , 2008 .
Mason , Gregory . Silver Cities of Yucatan . New York : G. P. Putnam 's Sons , 1927 .
Normark , Johan . `` The Roads in-Between : Causeways and Polyagentive Networks at Ichmul and Yoʼokop , Cochuah Region , Mexico . '' Doctoral Dissertation , Göteborg University , 2006 .
Nygard , Travis , Kaylee Spencer , and Linnea Wren . `` Contemplating Carvings at the Feet of Queen Chaak Kab : Using Mixed Methodology to Understand Sculpture at Yoʼokop . '' In The Maya of the Cochuah Region : Archaeological and Ethnographic Perspectives on the Northern Lowlands . Edited by Justine Shaw . Albuquerque : University of New Mexico Press , 2015 : 57-76 .
Shaw , Justine M. `` The Late to Terminal Classic Settlement Shifts at Yoʼokop . '' In Quintana Roo Archaeology , edited by Justine M. Shaw and Jennifer P. Mathews , 144-57 . Tucson : University of Arizona Press , 2005 .
Shaw , Justine M. White Roads of the Yucatán : Changing Social Landscapes of the Yucatec Maya . Tucson : University of Arizona Press , 2008 .
Shaw , Justine M. , Sandra Bever , Annie Hanks , Tara Holman , Dave Johnstone , Maya Kashak , Christopher Lloyd , and Veronica Miranda . Final Report of Proyecto Arqueológico Yoʼokop 's 2002 Field Season : Excavations and Continued Mapping . Edited by Justine M. Shaw . Eureka , CA : College of the Redwoods , 2002 .
Shaw , Justine M. , Dave Johnstone , Maya Kashak , Ruth Krochock , Travis Nygard , and Linnea Wren . Final Report of the Selz Foundation 's Proyecto Arqueológico Yoʼokop 2001 Field Season : Excavations and Continued Mapping . Edited by Justine M. Shaw . Eureka , CA : College of the Redwoods , 2001 .
Shaw , Justine M. , Dave Johnstone , and Ruth Krochock . Final Report of the 2000 Yoʼokop Field Season : Initial Mapping and Surface Collections . Eureka , CA : College of the Redwoods , 2000 .
Shaw , Justine M. , and Jennifer P. Mathews , eds . Quintana Roo Archaeology . Tucson : University of Arizona Press , 2005 .
Strömsvik , G. , H. E. D. Pollock , and H. Berlin . `` Exploration in Quintana Roo . '' In Carnegie Institution of Washington Year Book No . 53 , July 1 , 1953 – June 30 , 1954 , 289-92 . Washington , DC , 1954 .
Wilson , Reginald . `` Okop : Antigua Ciudad Maya De Artesanos . '' INAH Boletín Epoca II , no . 9 ( 1974 ) : 3-14 .
Wren , Linnea , Travis Nygard , and Justine Shaw . `` The Shifting Spatial Nexus of an Urban Maya Landscape : A Case Study of Architecture , Sculpture , and Ceramics at Yoʼokop . '' In Maya Imagery , Architecture . and Activity : Space and Spatial Analysis in Art History . Albuquerque : University of New Mexico Press , 2015 : 306-343 .
Wren , Linnea , and Travis Nygard . `` Witnessed at Yoʼokop : Images and Texts of Rulers in a Watery Realm . '' In Quintana Roo Archaeology , edited by Justine M. Shaw and Jennifer P. Mathews , 166-82 . Tucson : University of Arizona Press , 2005 .
External links
Cochuah Regional Archaeological Survey
Proyecto Arqueologico Yoʼokop
Maya sites in Quintana Roo
Former populated places in Mexico
2000 archaeological discoveries
Maya sites that survived the end of the Classic Period
Dante Rezze ( born 27 April 1963 ) is a French former professional racing cyclist . They rode in three editions of the Tour de France and two editions of the Giro d'Italia .
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Cyclists from Lyon
Ramón Darío Ábila ( born 14 October 1989 ) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Colón . They are commonly known by the Argentine media as `` Wanchope . ''
Career
Ábila came from the youth divisions of Instituto Atlético Central Córdoba , made their professional debut at the Primera B Nacional in 2008 . They were transferred to Sarmiento de Junín and then Deportivo Morón , teams from the Argentina soccer 's third division , to returns to Instituto in 2013 .
Later they signed by Huracán where they were one of top scorers at Copa Sudamericana 2015 and they were part of the Huracán squad which won the 2013–14 Copa Argentina and 2014 Supercopa Argentina .
On 22 June 2016 , Ábila was signed by Cruzeiro on a four-year contract for a transfer fee of US $ 4 million .
Boca Juniors
They were transferred to Boca at January 2018 and they scored one goal at the 2018 Copa Libertadores first leg , a tie 2-2 between Boca and River at La Bombonera on 11 November 2018 .
Minnesota United
On 7 April 2021 , Major League Soccer side Minnesota United FC acquired Ábila on loan with an option to purchase using Targeted Allocation Money .
They scored their first MLS goal on May 12 , 2021 at a home match against the Vancouver Whitecaps . They lifted their jersey in celebration to reveal a shirt with a photo of their brother , Gaston , who had died of suicide the year prior .
D.C. United
On 11 August 2021 , D.C. United acquired Ábila on another loan off of waivers . They scored their first goal for the club on 18 August , in a 2–3 loss against the New England Revolution . Following the 2021 season , Ábila 's contract option was declined by D.C. United .
Career statistics
Honours
Sarmiento ( J )
Primera B Metropolitana : 2011–12
Huracán
Copa Argentina : 2013–14
Supercopa Argentina : 2014
Cruzeiro
Copa do Brasil : 2017
Boca Juniors
Primera División : 2017–18 , 2019–20
Supercopa Argentina : 2018
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Footballers from Córdoba , Argentina
Association football forwards
Instituto footballers
Club Atlético Sarmiento footballers
Deportivo Morón footballers
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
Boca Juniors footballers
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube players
Minnesota United FC players
D.C. United players
Club Atlético Colón footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Primera Nacional players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
Major League Soccer players
Martonfa ( ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Koki Oshima ( 大島 康樹 , born 30 May 1996 in Shizuoka , Japan ) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Tochigi SC .
Career
Kashiwa Reysol
Oshima made their official debut for Kashiwa Reysol in the J . League Division 1 , J . League Cup on 9 October 2014 against Sanfrecce Hiroshima in Hiroshima Big Arch in Hiroshima , Japan . In the 72nd minute Oshima subbed in for Leandro . Oshima and their club lost the match 2-0 .
Club statistics
Updated to 23 February 2018 .
References
External links
Profile at Kashiwa Reysol
1996 births
Living people
Association football people from Saitama Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J3 League players
Kashiwa Reysol players
Kataller Toyama players
J.League U-22 Selection players
Tochigi SC players
Thespakusatsu Gunma players
Association football forwards
The 2013 PSL Season was the maiden season of the Philippine Super Liga ( PSL ) , the first professional volleyball league in the Philippines . The PSL began as a women 's league during its inaugural tournament , the Invitational conference . A men 's division was added for the succeeding tournament , the Grand Prix conference .
The TMS-Philippine Army Lady Troopers were the first PSL champions , winning both tournaments held during the season . For the men 's division , the PLDT myDSL Speed Boosters emerged as the first champions .
Invitational Conference
The Invitational Conference , held from July 7 , 2013 to July 28 , 2013 . It was the maiden tournament of the PSL .
Classification round ( July 7 , 2013 to July 17 , 2013 ) :
| }
Playoffs ( July 21 , 2013 to July 28 , 2013 ) :
Final standing :
Awards
Grand Prix Conference
The Grand Prix Conference was held from November 10 , 2013 to December 14 , 2013 . For this conference ( women 's ) , each team was allowed to include two import players in the line up . A men 's division was also introduced .
Women 's division
Five teams from the Invitational conference continued in the Grand Prix conference . The PCSO Bingo Milyonaryo Puffins were replaced by the RC Cola Raiders .
Classification round ( November 10 , 2013 to December 1 , 2013 :
| }
Playoffs ( December 4 , 2013 to December 14 , 2013 ) :
Final standing :
Men 's division
Classification round ( November 10 , 2013 to November 27 , 2013 ) :
| }
Playoffs ( December 1 , 2013 to December 14 , 2013 ) :
Final standing :
Awards
Venues
Invitational Conference :
PhilSports Arena
Filoil Flying V Arena
Mall of Asia Arena ( semi-finals and finals )
Grand Prix Conference :
Filoil Flying V Arena
Ynares Sports Arena
Brand ambassador
Richard Gomez
Broadcast partner
Solar Sports
References
Philippine Super Liga
Volleyball competitions in the Philippines
PSL
PSL
Topacio is a 1984 Venezuelan telenovela produced by RCTV based on the telenovela by Delia Fiallo Esmeralda produced by rival network Venevisión in 1970 . It starred Grecia Colmenares and Víctor Cámara and with the antagonistic participations of Nohely Arteaga , Alberto Marín and Chony Fuentes .
Synopsis
In 1965 Aurelio Sandoval ( Carlos Márquez ) a wealthy landowner who owns `` Las Tapaditas '' in Guárico , Venezuela awaits the birth of a healthy male child , but Blanca , their wife , gives them a daughter who at first seems to have been stillborn . Only they will not know it until twenty years later , since between the midwife Domitila and the nanny Eulalia they exchange the girl for the newborn son of a laborer who , being already an orphan of a father , ends up being the same as a mother right at birth .
Jorge Luis Sandoval ( Víctor Cámara ) is raised with all the comforts and luxuries in Caracas , Venezuela and is studying medicine . On the other hand , that girl who seemed dead at birth , was actually alive but completely blind , as their mother suffered from Measles during their pregnancy . The girl received the name Topacio for the topaz earrings that Domitila received as payment for their services as a midwife . Topacio Sandoval ( Grecia Colmenares ) lives in a humble ranch with Domitila and grew up in the mountains as an orphan without studies until , as a teenager , Dr. Martín Buitrago ( Alberto Marín ) took them under their protection and took them daily to their house to instruct her , with the purpose of converting them on their wife as an adult . Due to their blindness , Topacio ignores that Martín was disfigured when saving them from a fire on the ranch where they lived and has become obsessed with them
The Sandoval family comes to town after 20 years and meets Topacio . Despite being engaged to their spoiled and possessive cousin Yolanda Sandoval ( Jeannette Rodríguez ) Jorge Luis falls in love with Topacio . On the other hand Yolanda , oblivious to everything , in turn falls in love with a peon named Evelio Mercedes Montero ( Pedro Lander ) but their mother Hilda , who is Aurelio 's sister-in-law , forces them to continue with Jorge Luis because they are both broke and they only have the path of marry them to maintain their social status .
Finally Jorge Luis breaks their engagement with Yolanda to marry Topacio and make a life together in the capital . Aurelio realizes , tries to separate them , without success . Jorge Luis , who suspects that Topacio 's blindness has a cure , takes them to Caracas , where they are examined by their ophthalmologist friend Dr. Daniel Andrade , who confirms their suspicions . Once back and in an absence of Aurelio , the lovers marry in secret . Once married and after a humble but wonderful wedding night , Jorge Luis takes them to the family mansion , leaving them alone while they are away for a few days . As soon as Aurelio returns and finds out , they are enraged and knowing the claims regarding Topacio from Dr. Buitrago , takes them by force to the latter 's house , who keeps Topacio in a room against their will , taking place a discussion in the one that Martin finally reproaches Topacio that they belong to them because they were disfigured when saving them and makes them touch the scar on their face , causing Topacio to faint . When Martín wakes up , they make Topacio believe that they have had sex by force , although that was not true .
On the other hand , the nanny Eulalia had already recognized the Topaz earrings as the ones they used to pay for Domitila 's services . Blanca then learns that Topacio is their real daughter . When Jorge Luis returns , they confront their father to force them to confess where they have taken Topacio , but they refuse until Eulalia decides to confess the whole truth and both Jorge Luis and Aurelio find out what happened . At first Aurelio does not give credit to the information but confesses where they have taken the young woman . Immediately Jorge Luis rescues Topacio from the house of Dr. Buitrago but they threaten them and warns them that they will return of their own free will .
Jorge Luis spends a few days of uncertainty and confusion when they learn of their true origin . But for their part , Topacio is silent and does not tell what they think has happened in Martín 's house , but when they discover that they are pregnant , fearing that the child is Martín 's , they decide to run away , but finally Jorge Luis finds them and tries to understand why of their flight . Finally they tell them that they are pregnant and what they think happened at Martín 's house . Jorge Luis , faced with the possibility that Topacio 's future baby is not his , puts their pride and jealousy before the love they felt for Topacio and makes them choose between their son or him . By choosing Topacio for their son Jorge Luis , they no longer wants anything with her , whom they abandon .
Topacio flees with Domitila and arrives in Caracas , where they finally give birth to their son alone . They find refuge in the pension of Mr. Nicoménez 's family . One day they decide to undergo eye surgery and goes to Dr. Daniel Andrade 's ophthalmology clinic , to whom they propose that they operate it in exchange for later rendering their services as an assistant or assistant . Daniel , who falls deeply in love with her , becomes their protector and operates them Thanks to them Topacio recovers their sight and begins to work for him , without confessing that they have a son . At the same time , Daniel discovers them and , faced with this new situation , Topacio opens up to them and tells them everything about their past .
Meanwhile , the Sandoval family returned to Caracas a long time ago . Aurelio , full of remorse at all the evils they committed against Topacio , reconsiders and decides to protect them and recognize them as their daughter .
Without Topacio knowing it and to check if Topacio is still in love with Jorge Luis , Daniel fixes everything so that Topacio works in the same hospital as him , but Jorge Luis has also entered as a resident doctor . At first Topacio does not recognize him , since they never saw their face but soon recognizes them by their voice and rejects him .
During the time that Jorge Luis and Topacio had been separated this beginning , relationships with Valeria Rangel ( Nohely Arteaga ) a sculptor daughter of a prestigious plastic surgeon , specialty of Jorge Luis , who takes them in charge as a disciple . Valeria , who had been a confidant of Jorge Luis when they found out that they both work in the same hospital , fearing to lose Jorge Luis , tells Martín about Topacio 's whereabouts , since it happened that their father and Martín were friends . Thus begins a terrible and obsessive persecution that will only bring suffering and pain to the young woman . It is Valeria themselves who convinces their father to operate secretly from Jorge Luis to Martín . Martín is admitted to the same hospital and during that time before the operation , they take official steps to claim Topacio 's son , threatening to take the child from them as their father if they do not agree to marry him . Finally the operation takes place but during it Dr. Rangel dies and Jorge Luis , on duty that day is forced to finish the operation . The operation is in principle a complete success and Martín seems to end up without their scar , believing that it will be easier for them to conquer Topacio . However in a fit of rage when arguing with Topacio they give them a heart attack . Again it is Jorge Luis who takes care of them and being alone with him , during the agony before their death , Martín confesses to Jorge Luis that that night that Topacio was held at their home nothing happened and that Topacio 's son is his .
Cast
Grecia Colmenares as Topacio Sandoval
Víctor Cámara as Jorge Luis Sandoval
Lourdes Valera as Violeta Montero
Nohely Arteaga as Valeria Rangel
Henry Zakka as Dr. Daniel Andrade
América Barrios as Doña Hortensia Vda . de Andrade
Carlos Cámara Jr. as Cirilo
Ileana Jacket as Carmen Julia
Carlos Montilla as Rafaelote
Rosario Prieto as Doña Pura
Zoe Ducós as Sor Piedad
Julio Capote as Dr. Peralta
Gledys Ibarra as Pacient
Carlos Márquez as Don Aurelio Sandoval
Cecilia Villarreal as Doña Blanca de Sandoval
Jeannette Rodríguez as Yolanda Sandoval
Pedro Lander Evelio Mercedes Montero
Chony Fuentes as Hilda Vda . de Sandoval
Alberto Álvarez as Indio Caraballo
Bárbara Mosquera as Ligia Salazar
Alberto Marín as Dr. Martín Buitriago
Dante Carlé as Dr. Francisco Rangel
Freddy Escobar as Dr. Humberto Guzmán
Carlos Villamizar as Don Concepción Montero
Pablo Gil as Don Crisancho Vargas
Miguel Alcántara as Dr. Víctor Pérez
Pedro Espinoza as Lic . Joaquín Machado
Humberto Tancredi as Dr. Salazar
Osvaldo Paiwa as Dr. Fuentes
Amalia Pérez Díaz as Domitila
Carolina Cristancho as Judith
Lino Ferrer as Alberto
Carlos Fraga as Jairo
Olga Rojas as Yumara
Soraya Sanz as Coralina
Sebastián Falco as Jairo
William Cartaya as Félix
Martha Pabón as Esther
Reina Hinojosa as Nelly
Dalila Colombo as Zoila
Jenny Noguera as Cachita
Mahuampi Acosta as Doña Eulalia
Arturo Calderón as Uncle Fermín
Zuleima González as Purita Josefina
Juan Frankis as Don Nicomedes
William Bracamonte as Dr. Estrada
Lourdes Medrano as Doctor
Kiko Fonseca as Priest
Carlos Flores as Hotel receptionist
Johnny Carvajal as Pediatrician
Lucía Goncalves
References
External links
Topacio at the Internet Movie Database
Videoclip of a scene in Topacio
Topacio Opening Credits
1984 telenovelas
RCTV telenovelas
Venezuelan telenovelas
1984 Venezuelan television series debuts
1985 Venezuelan television series endings
Spanish-language telenovelas
Television shows set in Caracas
Jesús Torres may refer to :
Jesús Torres ( footballer ) ( born 1980 ) , Spanish footballer
Jesús Torres ( cyclist ) ( born 1954 ) , Venezuelan cyclist
Jesús Torres Fernández ( born 1960 ) , Spanish wheelchair basketball player
Jesús Hurtado Torres ( born 1965 ) , Mexican politician
Richard Elmer Pabst ( November 3 , 1933 – September 18 , 2012 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Biography
Pabst was born on November 3 , 1933 , in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . After graduating from Pius XI High School , Pabst attended Milwaukee Area Technical College and the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee . They also served in the United States Army .
Pabst died on September 18 , 2012 . They had two children and five grandchildren with their wife , Ruth .
Political career
Pabst was elected to the Assembly in 1966 . They were a Democrat .
References
Politicians from Milwaukee
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Democrats
Military personnel from Wisconsin
United States Army soldiers
Milwaukee Area Technical College alumni
University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee alumni
1933 births
2012 deaths
Sir Thomas Joseph Duggin ( born 15 September 1947 ) is a British former diplomat who was high commissioner to Vanuatu and ambassador to Colombia .
Biography
Duggin was educated at Thornleigh Salesian College and joined the British Diplomatic Service in 1967 . They served in Oslo , Bucharest , Bangkok , La Paz , Mexico City and at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office . They were British High Commissioner to Vanuatu 1992–95 and ambassador to Colombia 2001–05 .
Duggin was knighted in the 2004 Birthday Honours .
References
1947 births
Living people
People educated at Thornleigh Salesian College
High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Vanuatu
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Colombia
Knights Bachelor
Several vessels have been named Prince George :
Sailing ships
was launched at Deptford . They made four voyages for the British East India Company ( EIC ) before they were sold in 1762 for breaking up .
was launched on the River Thames as a West Indiaman . They were transport for the British 1795–1796 expedition to the Caribbean . They later traded between Scotland and Russia , and Scotland and Quebec . They were last listed in 1857 , for a nominal service life of 68 years .
was launched at Rotherhithe . They initially sailed as a West Indiaman . The French captured and released them in December 1814 . They then sailed as a West Indiaman again , but towards the end of the 1820s started sailing to New South Wales . In 1834 they made a voyage under charter to the Hudson 's Bay Company . Thereafter they traded between London and Quebec , and was last listed in 1854 .
was built at Newcastle upon Tyne . They were an East Indiaman , initially sailing under a license from the British East India Company ( EIC ) . They made two voyages to South Australia , carrying 200 Prussian immigrants on the first . They were wrecked in July 1841 near Hong Kong .
was launched in 1830 at Bristol . In 1837 they made one voyage transporting convicts to New South Wales , and one the next year transporting settlers to South Australia . They were last listed in 1847 .
Steam ships
was a Grand Trunk steamship launched in 1910 . They and their sister ship , provided passenger service along the coasts of British Columbia and Alaska until 1945 . Prince George saw brief service as a hospital ship for the Royal Canadian Navy during World War I . In 1945 the ship caught fire in the harbour of Ketchikan , Alaska . The burned hulk was beached on Gravina Island where it remained for the next few years until it was towed to Seattle , Washington and broken up for scrap .
was a passenger ship built for the Canadian National Steamship Company , to ply the route from Vancouver , British Columbia , to Southeast Alaska . In September 1950 , Prince George collided with the Canadian Pacific coastal liner . The ship was sold in 1976 for use as a floating restaurant , and passed through the hands of several different owners . In October 1995 they caught fire at Britannia Beach , BC , and was subsequently sold for scrap .
See also
– any of four vessels of the British Royal Navy
Ship names
Terry is an unincorporated community in Lawrence County , South Dakota , United States .
History
A post office called Terry was established in 1892 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1929 . The community took its name from nearby Terry Peak . Martha Jane Cannary , the frontierswoman better known as Calamity Jane , died in Terry on Saturday , August 1 , 1903 , from inflammation of the bowels and pneumonia , at the age of 51 .
References
External links
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County , South Dakota
1892 establishments in South Dakota
Populated places established in 1892
Unincorporated communities in South Dakota
Vous revoir is a 2005 romantic novel by Marc Levy . It is meant to serve as a sequel to their first novel If Only It Were True ( Et si c'était vrai ... ) .
Plot summary
When Arthur returns to San Francisco after a self-imposed exile in Paris , they rediscover their best friend , their job , and the city they love . The one thing missing is Lauren : the woman they had sacrificed everything to save , only to lose their minutes later . Arthur is resigned to never see Lauren again . But when fate intervenes , it is Lauren 's turn to save Arthur , if they can find them in time .
References
2005 French novels
French romance novels
Novels set in San Francisco
The red-fronted serin or fire-fronted serin ( Serinus pusillus ) is a small passerine bird in the finch family Fringillidae . It prefers high mountain regions and is 11–12 cm long .
This bird breeds in the Caucasus and the higher mountains of Turkey and Iran , with vagrants occasionally reaching the Greek Eastern Aegean Islands in winter . This bird is also found in Ladakh and other parts of the Indian Himalayas . Outside the breeding season , it occurs in small flocks , typically seen searching through thistle patches . It is a popular cagebird , and escapees from captivity are occasionally found throughout Europe .
The bird is variable in plumage , with adults resembling very dark redpolls . The foreparts are sooty and the forehead is red ; juveniles have buff-brown heads . The call is a rapid , shrill `` titihihihihihi '' , resembling that of a Linnet .
The bird will breed in captivity and thrives on a diet of canary grass seed , millet , and other small seeds . They bathe daily if water is accessible .
Phylogeny
This species is phylogeneticagy included within the group of Serinus syriacus now thriving around Mt . Lebanon and other Asian and African patches in winter , together with Serinus canicollis ( African distribution ) and Serinus alario ( southern tip of Africa distribution ) Arnaiz-Villena et al. , 1999
References
External links
Red-fronted serin From Turkey
red-fronted serin
Birds of Azerbaijan
Birds of Western Asia
Birds of Central Asia
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of North India
Birds of Western China
red-fronted serin
Canarium maculatum is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
Description
Distribution
This marine species occurs off Hawaii
References
Sowerby G.B . II , 1842 Thesaurus conchyliorum 1 ( 1 ) , p. 25-39
Liverani V. ( 2014 ) The superfamily Stromboidea . Addenda and corrigenda . In : G.T . Poppe , K. Groh & C. Renker ( eds ) , A conchological iconography . pp . 1-54 , pls 131-164 . Harxheim : Conchbooks .
Strombidae
Gastropods described in 1842
Sim Woo-yeon ( ; born 3 April 1985 ) is a South Korean football player who plays for FC Seoul . Their preferred position is as a centre-back , however , they can also operate as a forward .
Club career statistics
External links
Sim Woo-yeon – National Team stats at KFA
1985 births
Living people
Konkuk University alumni
Footballers from Seoul
South Korean footballers
South Korea under-20 international footballers
South Korea under-23 international footballers
South Korea international footballers
Association football defenders
Association football forwards
FC Seoul players
Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors FC players
Seongnam FC players
K League 1 players
The 1994 Haringey Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Haringey London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
| }
Ward results
Alexandra
Christakis Zissimos was a sitting councillor for Harringay ward .
Archway
Bowes Park
Bruce Grove
Coleraine
Crouch End
Fortis Green
Caroline Elderfield was a sitting councillor for Crouch End ward .
Green Lanes
Harringay
High Cross
David Coats was a sitting councillor for Alexandra ward .
Highgate
Hornsey Central
Hornsey Vale
Muswell Hill
Noel Park
Park
Seven Sisters
South Hornsey
Harris was a sitting councillor for the Muswell Hill ward .
South Tottenham
Tottenham Central
Bob Harris was a sitting councillor for High Cross ward .
West Green
White Hart Lane
Woodside
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
West Jeddore is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
History
Battle at Winnepang ( Jeddore Harbour )
On July 22 , 1722 , immediately after the declaration of Dummer 's War , Governor Richard Philipps commissioned Capt . John Elliot and Capt . John Robinson in two sloops with regiments to protect the fishery at Canso , Nova Scotia and retrieve the New England prisoners . There was a Mi'kmaq camping place at near-by West Jeddore . There were thirty-nine natives at Winnepang ( present-day Jeddore Harbour ) harbouring prisoners in seven vessels . Capt . Elliot and Bradstreet arrived in the harbour and attacked the natives in a two-hour naval battle . A boarding party led by Bradstreet overwhelmed the natives with hand grenades and disciplined fire . Capt . Elliot and several of their men were badly wounded . Five of the men were killed .
As the Mi'kmaq tried to swim ashore to escape , the New Englanders opened fire on them . Thirty-five natives were killed . The New Englanders managed to rescue fifteen prisoners from the vessels , while discovering that nine had been killed .
Only five native bodies were recovered from the battle . The New Englanders decapitated the corpses and set the severed heads on spikes surrounding Canso 's new fort .
See also
East Jeddore , Nova Scotia
Navigator
References
Explore HRM
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
Moonshine Hill is an area in Houston , Texas , United States that was once a distinct Harris County community located on the Humble oilfield .
Moonshine Hill began as a result of an oil boom and was located 2 miles east of Humble in northeastern Harris County off of FM 1960 . Gas seepage were first noticed in 1887 by James Slaughter , who , in cooperation with S.A. Hart , unsuccessfully drilled for the commodity . In 1903 the Houstonian Charles F. Barrett took a lease at Moonshine Hill which is now part of Farm Road 1960 . In 1904 oil was discovered , and led to the town 's growth , and equally , after a total of 3 oil booms and no more prospects , led to its demise .
However , at one point , Moonshine Hill 's population was bigger than neighboring Humble , culminating at approximately 10,000 people . In its heyday at the beginning of the twentieth century , Moonshine Hill had 6 to 8 saloons , 3 grocery stores , a dance hall , a meat market , a drugstore , a school , and a union church .
`` During World War I elements of the 19th Inf from Fort Sam Houston were stationed at Moonshine Hill . A reminder of WWI exists today in the name of Belleau Woods Drive . '' This is a reference to the Battle of Belleau Wood in 1918 during World War I , in which a wooded area on the Metz-Paris road , known as the `` Bois de Belleau '' i.e . Belleau Woods was recaptured by American forces from the Germans .
More damage was done to the town of Moonshine Hill and other areas surrounding the San Jacinto River in the Flood of October 1994 . According to the Houston Chronicle , the larger Houston area suffered over 15,000 damaged homes , over 3,000 destroyed homes and 22 deaths . This is no surprise , as 29 inches of rain fell over the course of 3 days in Harris County . Many homes along the river were simply washed away , while others were later scrapped due to the amount of water and mold damage .
Moonshine Hill today is but a reminder of what was once there . A few homes are strewn about the streets that are still accessible , however many of the homes that are lived in are littered with `` No Trespassing '' signs and/or security video cameras . A few of the homes appear to have burned down . Though unproven , it is possible that some of the homes are even tenanted by squatters . There are many signs that this area is old : old shacks barely standing , antiquated or out of place fire hydrants , old looking or out of place mail boxes , gravel and dirt roads , and a bit of a feeling of lawlessness . Trash is dumped in places that truly ruin the beauty and mystery of the old town . Also , there are metal scrappers roaming the area like a vulture circling a carcass overhead , and people fishing in areas that were once scenic and serene , but now are filled with trash .
Education
Residents are zoned to schools in the Humble Independent School District .
Humble Elementary School
Ross Sterling Middle School
Humble High School
See also
References
External links
Neighborhoods in Houston
Geography of Harris County , Texas
Monaco competed at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona , Spain from the 22 June to 1 July 2018 .
Medal summary
Medal table
| style= '' text-align : left ; width:78 % ; vertical-align : top ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; width:22 % ; vertical-align : top ; '' |
Athletics
Women
Track events
Beach volleyball
Men
Boules
Lyonnaise
Pétanque
Boxing
Men
Equestrian
Jumping
Gymnastics
Artistic gymnastics
Men
Judo
Men
Rowing
Men
Sailing
Swimming
Women
Table tennis
Tennis
Men
Water skiing
References
Nations at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
2018
Mediterranean Games
Ennomos autumnaria , the large thorn , is a moth of the family Geometridae . The species can be found in Western and Central Europe East to Russia and Siberia
The wingspan is 40–50 mm . The length of the forewings is 21–28 mm . The ground colour is brown , red-brown or yellow-brown to yellowish beige . The forewing edge is scalloped and the forewing is marked with yellow and dark brown lines . The thorax is yellow to light brown . The antennae of the male are pectinate . The caterpillar is light yellowish-brown to reddish . It is up to 50 mm long . On segment five there few humps and on segment nine two long protrusions.It resembles a dead twig .
Similar species : other Ennomos
Biotopes : Forest edges , parks , gardens with trees .
The moths fly in one generation from September to October . They are attracted to light .
The caterpillars feed on a number of deciduous trees . ( Quercus sp. , Alnus sp. , Prunus sp. , Salix sp. , Tilia sp. , Malus sp. , Populus sp. , Acer sp. , Betula sp. , Ulmus sp . ) .
Notes
The flight season refers to the British Isles . This may vary in other parts of the range .
External links
Large thorn on UKmoths
Fauna Europaea
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum.de
Vlindernet.nl
Ennomini
Moths described in 1859
Moths of Asia
Moths of Europe
Area code 478 is a telephone area code serving part of the state of Georgia , in the United States . It covers Macon and central Georgia ( Warner Robins , Swainsboro , Wadley , Milledgeville , Hawkinsville , Eastman , Cochran , Dublin , Perry ) . It was formerly part of area code 912 . The new area code , along with area code 229 ( for Southwestern Georgia ) , became effective in 2001 in a 3-way split .
Prior to October 2021 , area code 478 had telephone numbers assigned for the central office code 988 . In 2020 , 988 was designated nationwide as a dialing code for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline , which created a conflict for exchanges that permit seven-digit dialing . This area code was therefore scheduled to transition to ten-digit dialing by October 24 , 2021 .
Counties served
Baldwin , Bibb , Bleckley , Burke ( part with area codes 706 and 762 ) , Crawford , Dodge ( part with area code 229 ) , Dooly ( part with area code 229 ) , Emanuel ( part with area code 912 ) , Houston , Jefferson ( part with area codes 706 and 762 ) , Jenkins , Johnson , Jones , Laurens , Macon , Monroe , Peach , Pulaski ( part with area code 229 ) , Taylor , Twiggs , Upson ( part with area codes 706 and 762 ) , Washington , and Wilkinson .
See also
List of exchanges from AreaCodeDownload.com , 478 Area Code
References
Area codes in the United States
Area codes in Georgia ( U.S. state )
In mathematics , a Hecke algebra of a locally compact group is an algebra of bi-invariant measures under convolution .
Definition
Let ( G , K ) be a pair consisting of a unimodular locally compact topological group G and a closed subgroup K of G. Then the space of bi-K-invariant continuous functions of compact support
C [ K\G/K ]
can be endowed with a structure of an associative algebra under the operation of convolution . This algebra is denoted
H ( G//K )
and called the Hecke ring of the pair ( G , K ) . If we start with a Gelfand pair then the resulting algebra turns out to be commutative .
Examples
SL ( 2 )
In particular , this holds when
G = SLn ( Qp ) and K = SLn ( Zp )
and the representations of the corresponding commutative Hecke ring were studied by Ian G. Macdonald .
GL ( 2 )
On the other hand , in the case
G = GL2 ( Q ) and K = GL2 ( Z )
we have the classical Hecke algebra , which is the commutative ring of Hecke operators in the theory of modular forms .
Iwahori
The case leading to the Iwahori–Hecke algebra of a finite Weyl group is when G is the finite Chevalley group over a finite field with pk elements , and B is its Borel subgroup . Iwahori showed that the Hecke ring
H ( G//B )
is obtained from the generic Hecke algebra Hq of the Weyl group W of G by specializing the indeterminate q of the latter algebra to pk , the cardinality of the finite field . George Lusztig remarked in 1984 ( Characters of reductive groups over a finite field , xi , footnote ) :
Iwahori and Matsumoto ( 1965 ) considered the case when G is a group of points of a reductive algebraic group over a non-archimedean local field F , such as Qp , and K is what is now called an Iwahori subgroup of G. The resulting Hecke ring is isomorphic to the Hecke algebra of the affine Weyl group of G , or the affine Hecke algebra , where the indeterminate q has been specialized to the cardinality of the residue field of F .
See also
Group algebra of a locally compact group
References
Representation theory
Karimganj North Assembly constituency is one of the 126 constituencies of the Assam Legislative Assembly .
Karimganj North ( constituency number 3 ) is one of the 5 constituencies located in Karimganj district . Karimganj North is part of Karimganj Lok Sabha constituency along with 7 other assembly segments , namely , Patharkandi , Karimganj South , Ratabari and Badarpur in Karimganj district , Hailakandi , Katlicherra and Algapur in Hailakandi district .
Members of Legislative Assembly
1957 : Ranendra Mohan Das , Praja Socialist Party
1962 : Rathindra Nath Sen , Independent
1967 : Rathindra Nath Sen , Independent
1972 : Abdul Muqtadir Choudhury , Indian National Congress
1978 : Nishith Ranjan Das , Communist Party of India ( Marxist )
1983 : Ketaki Prasad Dutta , Indian National Congress
1985 : Sirajul Hoque Choudhury , Independent
1991 : Mission Ranjan Das , Bharatiya Janata Party
1996 : Sirajul Hoque Choudhury , Asom Gana Parishad
2000 : Mission Ranjan Das , Bharatiya Janata Party
2001 : Mission Ranjan Das , Bharatiya Janata Party
2006 : Mission Ranjan Das , Bharatiya Janata Party
2011 : Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha , Indian National Congress
2016 : Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha , Indian National Congress
2021 : Kamalakhya Dey Purkayastha , Indian National Congress
Election results
2016 result
External links
References
Assembly constituencies of Assam
Western Oblast ( , Zapadnaya oblast ) was an oblast ( a first-level administrative and municipal unit ) of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic from 1929 to 1937 . Its seat was in the city of Smolensk . The oblast was located in the west of European Russia , and its territory is currently divided between Bryansk , Kaluga , Pskov , Smolensk , and Tver Oblasts .
By the 1937 All-Union Census , the population of the oblast was 4,693,495 persons . It was abolished on 27 September 1937 .
History
The oblast was established on 1 October 1929 by the All-Russian Central Executive Committee . The territory of the oblast was formed from Smolensk and Bryansk Governorates , parts of Moscow , Kaluga , and Tver Governorates , as well as Velikiye Luki Okrug of Leningrad Oblast . The oblast was subdivided into eight administrative districts ( okrugs ) ,
Bryansk Okrug ( with the seat located in Bryansk ) ;
Klintsy Okrug ( Klintsy ) ;
Roslavl Okrug ( Roslavl ) ;
Rzhev Okrug ( Rzhev ) ;
Smolensk Okrug ( Smolensk ) ;
Sukhinichi Okrug ( Sukhinichi ) ;
Velikiye Luki Okrug ( Velikiye Luki ) ;
Vyazma Okrug ( Vyazma ) .
Before the oblast was established , the constituent governorates used the old division inherited from the Russian Empire ( uyezds ) . On 1 October 1929 the division of the oblast into districts was established .
The following districts have been established ,
In Bryansk Okrug : Brasovsky , Bryansky , Dyatkovsky , Karachevsky , Khotynetsky , Khvastovichsky , Komarichsky , Lyudinovsky , Navlinsky , Pesochensky , Sevsky , Shablykinsky , Suzemsky , Trubchevsky , Vygonichsky , Zhizdrinsky , Zhiryatinsky , and Zhukovsky .
In Klintsy Okrug : Churovichsky , Gordeyevsky , Klimovsky , Klintsovsky , Krasnogorsky , Mglinsky , Novozybkovsky , Pogarsky , Ponurovsky , Pochepsky , Starodubsky , Surazhsky , and Unechsky .
In Roslavl Okrug : Dubrovsky , Khislavichsky , Kletnyansky , Mokrovsky , Pochinkovsky , Rognedinsky , Roslavlsky , Shumyachsky , Stodolishchensky , Yekimovichsky , and Yershichsky .
In Rzhev Okrug : Belsky , Kamensky , Karmanovsky , Lukovnikovsky , Molodotudsky , Nelidovsky , Oleninsky , Pogorelsky , Rzhevsky , Selizharovsky , Staritsky , Stepurinsky , Sychyovsky , Vysokovsky , Yeltsovsky , and Zubtsovsky .
In Smolensk Okrug : Baturinsky , Demidovsky , Dorogobuzhsky , Dukhovshchinsky , Glinkovsky , Grinyovsky , Kardymovsky , Kasplyansky , Katynsky , Krasninsky , Monastyrshchinsky , Ponizovsky , Prechistensky , Rudnyansky , Safonovsky , Slobodskoy , Yartsevsky , and Yelninsky .
In Sukhinichi Okrug : Baryatinsky , Duminichsky , Kozelsky , Meshchovsky , Mosalsky , Pavlinovsky , Plokhinsky , Spas-Demensky , Sukhinichsky , Vskhodsky , and Yukhnovsky .
In Velikiye Luki Okrug : Bologovsky , Idritsky , Ilyinsky , Kholmsky , Kunyinsky , Leninsky , Loknyansky , Nasvinsky , Nevelsky , Novosokolnichesky , Oktyabrsky , Ostashkovsky , Penovsky , Porechyevsky , Pustoshkinsky , Rykovsky , Sebezhsky , Sovetsky , Toropetsky , Troitsky , Tsevelsky , Usmynsky , Ust-Dolyssky , Usvyatsky , Velizhsky , and Velikoluksky .
In Vyazma Okrug : Bukharinsky , Gzhatsky , Izdeshkovsky , Iznoskovsky , Kholm-Zhirkovsky , Medynsky , Novoduginsky , Tyomkinsky , Uvarovsky , Voskresensky , Vyazemsky , and Znamensky .
On 10 May 1930 Uvarovsky District was transferred to Moscow Oblast . On 12 May of the same year Smolensk Okrug was renamed Yartsevo Okrug , and its seat was transferred to Yartsevo . On 1 August 1930 the okrugs were abolished , and the districts were subordinated directly to the oblast . Smolensk and Bryansk were made cities of the oblast significance .
On 20 September 1930 twelve districts were abolished : Bologovsky , Ponizovsky , Porechyevsky , Rykovsky , Slobodskoy , Sovetsky , Stepurinsky , Tsevelsky , Troitsky , Usmynsky , Ust-Dolyssky , Vysokovsky Districts . On 20 November of the same year Grinyovsky , Kardymovsky , and Katynsky Districts were abolished and merged into Smolensky District .
On 10 February 1931 Vskhodsky District was abolished . On 1 February 1932 eighteen more districts were abolished : Baturinsky , Churovichsky , Idritsky , Iznoskovsky , Kasplyansky , Khotinetsky , Kunyinsky , Mokrovsky , Molodotudsky , Nasvinsky , Pavlinovsky , Ponurovsky , Rognedinsky , Voskresensky , Vygonichsky , Yeltsovsky , Yershichsky , and Zhiryatinsky Districts . On 30 January 1934 Pogorelsky , Prechistensky , and Suzemsky Districts were abolished . On 28 December of the same year Plokhinsky District was renamed Rumyantsevsky . On 18 January 1935 a number of districts were established or re-established . These were Chertolinsky , Iznoskovsky , Kardymovsky , Kunyinsky , Penovsky , Pogorelsky , Ponizovsky , Prechistensky , Rognedinsky , Suzemsky , Tumanovsky , Voskresensky , Vskhodsky , and Yershichsky Districts .
On 29 January 1935 the northern part of Western Oblast was transferred into newly established Kalinin Oblast . It consisted of Chertolinsky , Kamensky , Kholmsky , Kunyinsky , Leninsky , Loknyansky , Lukovnikovsky , Nelidovsky , Nevelsky , Novosokolnichesky , Oktyabrsky , Oleninsky , Ostashkovsky , Penovsky , Pogorelsky , Pustoshkinsky , Rzhevsky , Sebezhsky , Selizharovsky , Staritsky , Toropetsky , Velikoluksky , and Zubtsovsky Districts .
On 27 December 1935 Voskresensky District was renamed Andreyevsky District , on January 1936 Pesochensky District was renamed Kirovsky District , and on 5 March 1937 Bukharinsky District was renamed Dzerzhinsky District , following the arrest of Nikolai Bukharin , subsequently executed . In 1937 , Rumyantsevsky District was renamed Ulyanovsky , following the arrest of Ivan Rumyantsev , the first secretary of the Western Oblast Committee of the Bolshevik Party .
On 27 September 1937 the All-Russian Central Executive Committee issues a decree which abolished Western Oblast . It was split between Oryol and Smolensk Oblasts . In particular , the following 29 districts , Brasovsky , Bryansky , Dubrovsky , Dyatkovsky , Gordeyevsky , Karachevsky , Khvastovichsky , Kletnyansky , Klimovsky , Klintsovsky , Komarichsky , Krasnogorsky , Lyudinovsky , Mglinsky , Navlinsky , Novozybkovsky , Pochepsky , Pogarsky , Rognedinsky , Sevsky , Shablykinsky , Starodubsky , Suzemsky , Surazhsky , Trubchevsky , Ulyanovsky , Unechsky , Zhizdrinsky , and Zhukovsky Districts , were transferred to Oryol Oblast . The remaining 49 districts were transferred to Smolensk Oblast . These were Andreyevsky , Baryatinsky , Baturinsky , Belsky , Demidovsky , Dorogobuzhsky , Dukhovshchinsky , Duminichsky , Dzerzhinsky , Gzhatsky , Glinkovsky , Ilyinsky , Izdeshkovsky , Iznoskovsky , Kardymovsky , Karmanovsky , Kasplyansky , Khislavichsky , Kholm-Zhirkovsky , Kirovsky , Kozelsky , Krasnyansky , Medynsky , Meshchovsky , Monastyrshchinsky , Mosalsky , Novoduginsky , Ponizovsky , Pochinkovsky , Prechistensky , Roslavlsky , Rudnyansky , Safonovsky , Shumyachsky , Slobodskoy , Smolensky , Spas-Demensky , Sukhinichsky , Stodolishchensky , Sychyovsky , Tyomkinsky , Tumanovsky , Usvyatsky , Velizhsky , Vskhodsky , Vyazemsky , Yartsevsky , Yekimovichsky , Yelninsky , Yershichsky , Yukhnovsky , and Znamensky Districts .
The most important authority in the oblast was the first secretary of the VKP ( b ) Oblast Committee . The following persons were the first secretaries ,
Ivan Petrovich Rumyantsev ( 1929–1937 ) , executed during the Great Purge ;
Demyan Sergeyevich Korotchenko ( 1937 ) , acting first secretary .
References
Oblasts of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
Geography of Smolensk Oblast
Geography of Pskov Oblast
Geography of Bryansk Oblast
Geography of Tver Oblast
Geography of Kaluga Oblast
Horsea Island was an island located off the northern shore of Portsmouth Harbour , England ; gradually subsumed by reclamation , it is now connected to the mainland . Horsea falls within the city of Portsmouth and was wholly owned by the Ministry of Defence as part of the shore establishment , which maintains its headquarters on Whale Island .
However , in 2013 the south-eastern corner was acquired by Portsmouth City Council for housing development . Most of the area to the south-west of the lake is part of the Portsmouth Harbour Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) , the remainder was declared a Site of Importance for Nature Conservation ( SINC ) in 2011 .
History
Horsea was originally two islands , Great and Little Horsea , the former large enough to support a dairy farm .
In 1804 a Royal Powder Works was established on Little Horsea in connection with the gunpowder magazine at nearby Tipner ; by 1849 , however , it was no longer in operation , and no above-ground evidence of the site remains to be seen .
The islands were joined to form a torpedo testing lake in 1889 , using chalk excavated from Portsdown Hill , 1 km to the north , by convict labour . A narrow-gauge railway was constructed on the site by the army to distribute the chalk . Although the lake length was increased from to over in 1905 , rapid advances in torpedo design and range had made it all but obsolete by World War I .
In 1909 , the island became the site of one of the Navy 's three high-power shore wireless stations , which saw it populated with dozens of tall masts . In the 1950s the lake was used in the testing of improved Martin-Baker Ejection Seats , following catapult launch mishaps on carriers in which Fleet Air Arm aircrew often sustained serious compression injuries to the spine after ejecting from submerged aircraft .
After closure of the telegraphy station in the 1960s , the northern part of the island became home to HMS Phoenix , the naval school of firefighting and damage control . The school comprised a number of steel structures called trainers , simulating three decks within a warship . Fires were set in the trainers for the purposes of instruction in various types of firefighting . The kerosene and water mix burned in the trainers , known as sullage caused significant water and air pollution and created a health hazard for the staff exposed to the fumes for protracted periods . In 1994 the school moved to a modern gas-fired trainer on Whale Island as part of a consolidation and cost effectiveness initiative . The new facility is known as the Phoenix school of Nuclear , Biological and Chemical Defence , damage control and fire fighting . Responsibility for training and site management was contracted out to Flagship Training UK , which was taken over by Vosper Thorneycroft in September 2008 . Subsequently the Fire Fighting Training Unit was taken over by Babcock Marine Training Limited ( BMTL ) and operated until Apr 21 , when it was contracted to Team Fisher Training as part of the Selborne Contract .
Current use
The original island site continues to be used by the MoD , with a number of facilities on the site predominantly focusing on diving and underwater engineering . Infrastructure includes training facilities as well as workshops , decompression chambers and equipment testing capabilities . Organisations on the site include :
The Superintendent of Diving , a Commander , Royal Navy , who is responsible for safety and standards of diving in the Royal Navy and Royal Engineers .
Maritime Warfare School delivers the Defence Diving School , providing new entry diving training for RN and RE divers as well as promotion courses as divers progress in their careers .
Headquarters of the Diving and Threat Exploitation Group ( formerly the Fleet Diving Squadron ) , which delivers diving , underwater engineering and bomb disposal capabilities in the UK and overseas using the Northern and Southern Diving Groups , and the Fleet Diving Group .
Southern Diving Group ( East )
Fleet Diving Group
The Sea Survival section of Phoenix .
The lake was used by Southsea British Sub Aqua Club in the 1950s , and later by many other clubs and private training agencies for underwater swimming and diving . However , civilian access is no longer permitted for security reasons .
Reclamation
In the early 1970s , the eastern tidal mudflats of Paulsgrove Lake between Horsea Island and the mainland at Paulsgrove to the north were reclaimed , much of the area destined to become a landfill site , the remainder to form the Port Solent leisure complex . The landfill site closed in 2006 , and waste is now incinerated at a plant in east Portsmouth . The northern part of the reclamation has been developed as 'Port Solent ' , a complex comprising a marina , multiplex cinema , housing , retail outlets , and some business units known collectively as the 'North Harbour Business Park ' . The rest of the landfill site is being developed as a recreational park featuring woodlands and meadows .
Geology
The solid geology of the site is Upper Chalk , covered by post-glacial drift deposits comprising mostly brickearth , a loess from the west of England eroded and deposited downstream by the river system which once occupied the area now known as the Solent and its margins before inundation by the sea . Much of these deposits were covered by the chalk fill imported from Ports Down to create the torpedo lake . Where still exposed , beyond the lake at the eastern end of the site , the brickearth comprises fairly equal proportions of sand , silt , and clay , with occasional flints . Owing to the high clay content , the rock is of low permeability , occasioning flooding after prolonged rainfall during winter . In the extreme south east corner of the site , brick and concrete rubble has been used to construct the bunding to enhance protection from the rising sea .
Horsea Lake
The lake contains a wealth of marine life , and also holds a number of items placed for diver training , including a helicopter , vehicles , and a 200-year-old shipwreck placed in the central section . The level of the lake is maintained naturally by two submerged freshwater springs .
Conservation
SSSI
All of the undeveloped area to the southwest of the lake , with the exception of the helipad , forms one of the few terrestrial parts of the Portsmouth Harbour Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) on account of its calcicole flora and fauna which have flourished on the imported chalk . Notable fauna includes the small heath butterfly Coenonympha pamphilus , designated BAP Priority Species by DEFRA on account of its increasing scarcity . Horsea is also the only known habitat in Hampshire of the micromoth Eulamprotes immaculatella .
SINC
Most of the larger remainder of the 'island ' was declared a Site of Importance for Nature Conservation ( SINC ) by Hampshire County Council in 2011 .
Elm trials
The elm thicket at the south-eastern extremity of the site , beyond the SSSI , is a habitat of the white-letter hairstreak ( Satyrium w-album ) , and the adjacent grassland has been used since 2001 as a trials site by Butterfly Conservation for the evaluation of new disease-resistant elm cultivars and exotic species in support of its conservation . The site currently accommodates 30 trees comprising 14 cultivars and exotic species . The butterfly is now on the IUCN Red List as `` in imminent danger of extinction '' .
References
Portsmouth
Geography of Hampshire
The Kadavu honeyeater ( Meliphacator provocator ) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae . It is the only species placed in the genus Meliphacator . It is endemic to the islands of Kadavu in Fiji . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and tropical mangrove forests .
The Kadavu honeyeater is described as being fairly large , somewhat resembling the spotted honeyeater , but with a yellowish-green bare skin eye-patch , bordered towards the rear by light green feathering on the ear coverts . It is dark streaked beneath with a whitish unstreaked central strip , and has upperparts which are greenish-grey with pale fringes to the wing feathers . This bird makes loud , ringing , friarbird-type calls , and prefers the tall mangroves along creek margins .
This species was previously placed in the genus Xanthotis . It was moved to Meliphacator based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2019 .
References
WorldTwitch - Fiji Birding Trip Report , Dec 96 .
Meliphagidae
Endemic birds of Fiji
Birds described in 1875
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sumaya or Soumaya ( Arabic : , ) is an Arabic feminine given name .
List of people
Sumaya Farhat Naser ( born 1948 ) , Palestinian peace activist
Princess Sumaya bint Hassan ( born 1971 ) , princess of Jordan
Soumaya Khalifa , American executive of Egyptian origin
Sumayyah bint Khayyat ( died 615 ) , first female Muslim martyr
Soumaya Naamane Guessous , Moroccan sociologist
Soumaya Keynes ( born 1989 ) , British economist and member of the Keynes family
Arabic feminine given names
The year 2011 was the 2nd year in the history of the Road Fighting Championship , an MMA promotion based in South Korea . 2011 started with Road FC 002 : Alive and ended with Road FC 005 : Night of Champions .
List of events
Road FC 005 : Night of Champions
ROAD FC 005 : Night of Champions was an MMA event held by the Road FC on December 3 , 2011 , at the Jangchung Gymnasium in Seoul , South Korea .
Results
Road FC 004 : Young Guns
ROAD FC 004 : Young Guns was an MMA event held by the Road FC on October 3 , 2011 , at the Grand Hilton Seoul Convention Centre in Seoul , South Korea .
Results
Road FC 003 : Explosion
ROAD FC 003 : Explosion was an MMA event held by the Road FC on July 24 , 2011 , at the Grand Hilton Seoul Convention Centre in Seoul , South Korea .
Results
Road FC 002 : Alive
ROAD FC 002 : Alive was an MMA event held by the Road FC on April 16 , 2011 , at the Seoul Fashion Center in Seoul , South Korea .
Results
See also
List of Road FC events
List of Road FC champions
List of current Road FC fighters
List of current mixed martial arts champions
References
Road Fighting Championship events
2011 in mixed martial arts
2011 in South Korean sport
2011 in Asian sport
George Blair may refer to :
George Blair ( American football ) ( born 1938 ) , American football halfback
George Blair ( director ) ( 1905–1970 ) , American film director
George Blair ( ice hockey ) ( 1929–2010 ) , Canadian professional hockey player
G. W. Scott Blair ( 1902–1987 ) , British chemist
George A. Blair ( 1915–2013 ) , American business person , entrepreneur , and waterskier
George W. Blair ( 1921–2020 ) , American politician and rancher
George Young Blair ( 1826–1894 ) , Scottish marine engineer
The University of East Anglia 's Creative Writing Course was founded by Sir Malcolm Bradbury and Sir Angus Wilson in 1970 . The M.A . is widely regarded as the most prestigious and successful in the country and competition for places is notoriously tough .
The course is split into four strands : Prose , Creative Non-Fiction , Poetry and Scriptwriting ( which is Skillset accredited ) . All four result in an M.A . qualification upon successful completion of the course . The Course Directors are currently Andrew Cowan , Kathryn Hughes , Lavinia Greenlaw and Val Taylor respectively . Course tutors include Amit Chaudhuri , Trezza Azzopardi , Giles Foden , Tobias Jones , James Lasdun , Jean McNeil , Margaret Atwood and George Szirtes .
Writers such as Angela Carter , Rose Tremain , Andrew Motion , W. G. Sebald , Michèle Roberts and Patricia Duncker have also taught on the course .
Writers-in-residence have included Alan Burns and Margaret Atwood .
Notable alumni
Nobel Prize winners
Kazuo Ishiguro ( MA , 1980 ) , 2017 Nobel Prize in Literature laureate
Booker Prize winners
Anne Enright ( MA , 1987 ) , 2007 Booker Prize winner for The Gathering
Kazuo Ishiguro ( MA , 1980 ) , 1989 Booker Prize winner for The Remains of the Day
Ian McEwan ( MA , 1971 ) , 1998 Booker Prize winner for AmsterdamCosta Book Award winners
Tash Aw ( MA , 2003 ) , Whitbread Book Award winner in the 2005 First Novel category for The Harmony Silk FactorySusan Fletcher ( MA , 2002 ) , Whitbread Book Award winner in the 2004 First Novel category for Eve GreenAdam Foulds ( MA , 2000 ) , Costa Book Award winner in the 2008 Poetry category for The Broken WordEmma Healey ( MA , 2011 ) , Costa Book Award winner in the 2014 First Novel category for Elizabeth is MissingAndrew Miller ( MA , 1991 ) , Costa Book Award winner in the 2011 Novel category for PureMonique Roffey ( BA , 1987 ) , Costa Book Award winner in the 2020 Novel category for The Mermaid of Black ConchChristie Watson ( MA , 2009 ) , Costa Book Award winner in the 2011 First Novel category for Tiny Sunbirds Far AwayWomen 's Prize for Fiction winners
Naomi Alderman ( MA , 2003 ) , 2017 Women 's Prize for Fiction winner for The PowerRose Tremain ( BA , 1967 ) , 2008 Women 's Prize for Fiction winner for The Road HomeBetty Trask Award & Prize winners
Rowan Hisayo Buchanan ( PHD , 2019 ) 2017 Betty Trask Award winner for Harmless Like YouSam Byers ( MA , 2003 ; PHD , 2014 ) 2014 Betty Trask Award winner for IdiopathyAnthony Cartwright ( BA , 1996 ) 2004 Betty Trask Award winner for The AfterglowHelen Cross ( MA , 1997 ) 2002 Betty Trask Award winner for My Summer of LoveSuzannah Dunn ( MA , 1989 ) 1991 Betty Trask Award winner for Quite ContrarySusan Elderkin ( MA , 1994 ) 2000 Betty Trask Award winner for Sunset Over Chocolate MountainsDiana Evans ( MA , 2003 ) 2005 Betty Trask Award winner for 26aSusan Fletcher ( MA , 2002 ) 2005 Betty Trask Prize winner for Eve GreenAdam Foulds ( MA , 2000 ) 2007 Betty Trask Award winner for The Truth About These Strange TimesImogen Hermes Gowar ( MA , 2014 ) 2019 Betty Trask Award winner for The Mermaid and Mrs HancockEmma Healey ( MA , 2011 ) 2015 Betty Trask Award winner for Elizabeth is MissingPaul Houghton ( MA , 1987 ) 1989 Betty Trask Award winner for Harry 's Last WeddingAnjali Joseph ( MA , 2008 ; PHD , 2013 ) 2011 Betty Trask Prize winner for Saraswati ParkFrances Liardet ( MA , 1998 ) 1994 Betty Trask Award winner for The GameNicola Monaghan ( MA , 2018 ) 2006 Betty Trask Award winner for The Killing JarGlenn Patterson ( MA , 1986 ) 1988 Betty Trask Award winner for Burning Your OwnNatasha Pulley ( MA , 2012 ) 2017 Betty Trask Award winner for The Watchmaker of Filigree StreetPhil Whitaker ( MA , 1996 ) 1998 Betty Trask Award winner for Eclipse of the SunJames Tait Black Memorial Prize winners
Ian McEwan ( MA , 1971 ) James Tait Black Memorial Prize winner in the 2005 Fiction category for SaturdayAndrew Miller ( MA , 1991 ) James Tait Black Memorial Prize winner in the 1997 Fiction category for Ingenious PainRose Tremain ( BA , 1967 ) James Tait Black Memorial Prize winner in the 1993 Fiction category for Sacred Country ''
Other alumni
Nicholas Allan ( MA , 1981 ) , children 's author
Mona Arshi ( MA , 2012 ) , Forward Prize-winning poet
Trezza Azzopardi ( MA , 1998 ) , novelist
Martyn Bedford ( MA , 1994 ) , novelist
Brett Ellen Block ( MA , 1998 ) , author
Peter Bowker ( MA , 1991 ) , screenwriter
John Boyne ( MA , 1996 ) , novelist
Aifric Campbell ( MA , 2003 ) , writer
Tracy Chevalier ( MA , 1994 ) , historical novelist
Judy Corbalis ( MA , 1990 ) , novelist
Andrew Cowan ( MA , 1985 ) , novelist
Fflur Dafydd ( MA , 2000 ) , writer
Donna Daley-Clarke ( MA , 2001 ) , novelist
Louise Doughty ( MA , 1987 ) , novelist
Joe Dunthorne ( MA , 2005 ) , novelist
Oliver Emanuel ( MA , 2002 ) , playwright
Stephen Finucan ( MA , 1996 ) , short story writer
David Flusfeder ( MA , 1988 ) , author
Bo Fowler ( MA , 1995 ) , novelist
Ruth Gilligan ( MA , 2011 ) , writer
Tim Guest ( MA , 1999 ) , author
Stephanie Hale ( MA , 1993 ) , writer
Mohammed Hanif ( MA , 2005 ) , writer
Jane Harris ( MA , 1992 ) , novelist and screenwriter
Alix Hawley ( MA , 2002 ) , novelist
Kathryn Hughes ( MA , 1987 ) , historian
Naomi Ishiguro ( MA , 2018 ) , short story writer and novelist
Mick Jackson ( MA , 1992 ) , novelist
Christopher James ( MA , 2000 ) , poet
Panos Karnezis ( MA , 2000 ) , novelist
Larissa Lai ( MA , 2001 ) , novelist
Hernán Lara Zavala ( MA 1981 ) , novelist
Joanna Laurens ( MA , 2003 ) , playwright
Ágnes Lehóczky ( MA , 2006 ) , poet
Toby Litt ( MA , 1995 ) , novelist
Philip MacCann ( MA ) , writer
Deirdre Madden ( MA , 1985 ) , novelist
Robert McGill ( MA , 2002 ) , writer
Sarah Emily Miano ( MA , 2002 ) , author
Neel Mukherjee ( MA , 2001 ) , writer
Paul Murray ( MA , 2001 ) , novelist
Sandra Newman ( MA , 2002 ) , writer
Kathy Page ( MA , 1988 ) , novelist
Christine Pountney ( MA , 1997 ) , author
Dina Rabinovitch ( MA , 2000 ) , journalist and writer
Ben Rice ( MA , 2000 ) , novelist
Eliza Robertson ( MA , 2012 ) , author
Tom Saunders ( MA , 1987 ) , author
Anthony Sattin ( MA , 1984 ) , writer
Simon Scarrow ( MA , 1992 ) , author
James Scudamore ( MA , 2004 ) , novelist
Owen Sheers ( MA , 1998 ) , author , poet and playwright
Jeremy Sheldon ( MA , 1996 ) , novelist
Robert Sheppard ( MA , 1979 ) , poet
Kathryn Simmonds ( MA , 2002 ) , poet
Rob Magnuson Smith ( MA 2010 ) , novelist
Paul Stewart ( MA , 1979 ) , writer
Julia Stuart ( MA , 2013 ) , novelist
Todd Swift ( MA , 2004 ) , poet
Rebecca Tamás ( PHD , 2017 ) , poet and essayist
Sharlene Teo ( MA , 2013 ) , novelist
Mark Tilton ( MA , 1997 ) , screenwriter
Carol Topolski ( MA , 2004 ) , novelist
Erica Wagner ( MA , 1991 ) , author and literary editor of The Times
Craig Warner ( MA , 2013 ) , playwright and screenwriter
Matt Whyman ( MA , 1992 ) , novelist
Clare Wigfall ( MA , 2000 ) , writer
Luke Williams ( MA , 2002 ) , author
D. W. Wilson ( MA , 2010 ) , author
Jennifer Wong ( MA , 2009 ) , writer and poet
Yan Ge ( MA , 2020 ) , novelist
External links
UEA Creative Writing webpages
References
UEA Creative Writing Course
Creative writing programs
Ypsolopha excisella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae . It is known from Spain , but has also been recorded from Mongolia and Asia Minor .
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Tomis Kapitan ( 1949-2016 ) was an American philosopher and Distinguished Teaching Professor Emeritus at Northern Illinois University .
Books
The Israeli-Palestinian Conflict : Philosophical Essays on Self-Determination , Terrorism and the One-State Solution , with Raja Halwani Springer 2007
The Phenomeno-Logic of the : Essays on Self-Consciousness
Archaeology , History and Culture in Palestine and the Near East : essays in memory of Albert E Glock
References
21st-century American philosophers
Philosophy academics
1949 births
2016 deaths
Northern Illinois University faculty
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
Cremastobombycia verbesinella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from Florida , United States .
The wingspan is about 6.4 mm .
The larvae feed on Verbesina virginica . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine has the form of a roomy tent-shaped mine on the underside of the leaf . The lower epidermis is much wrinkled longitudinally . Pupation takes place in an elongated white cocoon suspended at both ends like a hammock inside the mine .
References
Lithocolletinae
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1900
Taxa named by August Busck
Anthony Thornton ( November 9 , 1814 – September 10 , 1904 ) was an American attorney who served as a U.S. Representative from Illinois and a justice of the Illinois Supreme Court .
Bio
Born near Paris , Kentucky , Thornton attended the common schools and Centre College , Danville , Kentucky . They graduated from Miami University , Ohio , in 1834 . They studied law under their uncle , John R. Thornton . They were admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Shelbyville , Illinois , in 1836 . They served as major of militia during the war with Mexico . They served as delegate to the State constitutional conventions in 1847 and 1862 , and was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives in 1851–52 . In 1856 , they held a joint debate with Abraham Lincoln in Shelbyville , Illinois .
Thornton was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-ninth Congress ( March 4 , 1865 – March 3 , 1867 ) . They were not a candidate for renomination in 1866 . They resumed the practice of law . They served as justice of the Supreme Court of Illinois from 1870 to 1873 , when they resigned . They served as president of the Illinois State Bar Association for four terms . They served as chairperson of the State board of arbitration 1895–1897 . They died in Shelbyville , Illinois , on September 10 , 1904 . They were interred in Glenwood Cemetery .
References
External links
1814 births
1904 deaths
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
Centre College alumni
Miami University alumni
Illinois lawyers
Justices of the Illinois Supreme Court
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
People from Paris , Kentucky
American militia officers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Illinois
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
Hwang Hyun-chul ( born in Seoul , South Korea , on March 4 , 1947 ) is a ninth-degree midnight blue belt in Soo Bahk Do Moo Duk Kwan and the son of the late Hwang Kee , founder of the Soo Bahk Do Moo Duk Kwan ( formerly Tang Soo Do Moo Duk Kwan ) system .
Biography
Hyun-chul Hwang was born in Seoul , South Korea , the oldest child of Moo Duk Kwan founder Hwang Kee . They began training in martial arts under their father , Hwang Kee , on May 5 , 1954 at the age of 7 . Two years later at the age of 9 , they would become the youngest person in Korea to earn their black belt .
From 1970 to 1973 , they were the head instructor at the Central Moo Duk Kwan dojang ( school ) and at the U.S. 8th Army Base in Yongsan , Korea . From there they would serve as head instructor for the Greek Tang Soo Do Moo Duk Kwan Federation , and an invitational instructor for the United Kingdom Tang Soo Do Moo Duk Kwan Federation . In 1975 , Hwang moved to the United States and opened a school in Springfield , New Jersey .
In 1975 , Hwang would soon become the chairperson of the Technical Advisory Committee ( TAC ) for then U.S. Tang Soo Do Moo Duk Kwan Federation , serving under their father . In 1995 , during the 50th anniversary celebration of the founding of the Moo Duk Kwan the elder Hwang officially renamed the art from Tang Soo Do Moo Duk Kwan to Soo Bahk Do , with the younger Hwang being named the president of the renamed U.S. Soo Bahk Do Moo Duk Kwan Federation .
For the next several years Hwang would rise up the ranks and eventually be promoted to the rank of ninth-degree black belt . In 2002 , with the passing of their father , they were named as the new grandmaster of Soo Bahk Do Moo Duk Kwan . In 2004 , Hwang was inducted into the Black Belt Hall of Fame as Man of the Year .
References
External links
World Moo Duk Kwan
U.S. Soo Bahk Do Moo Duk Kwan Federation
Living people
1947 births
Sportspeople from Seoul
South Korean tang soo do practitioners
Two human polls comprised the 1969 NCAA University Division football rankings . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies . There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll .
Legend
AP Poll
Final Coaches ' poll
The final UPI Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games , in early December.One coach on the 35-member board did not vote.Texas received 28 of the 34 first-place votes ; Penn State received four and one each went to USC and Nebraska .
Prior to the 1975 season , the Big Ten and Pac-8 conferences allowed only one postseason participant each , for the Rose Bowl .
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954 .
References
College football rankings
Guo Yuan ( ; born 1950 ) is a Vietnamese Buddhist monk trained in Chan Buddhism . They are a senior disciple of Chan master Sheng-yen of Taiwan . In 1985 they first encountered Sheng-yen 's teachings while attending a seven-day retreat in New York . They then decided to become a disciple before finally leaving their job in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , to become a monk in the Chan tradition . They were ordained in 1987 in Taiwan . They are active in zen retreats in Dharma Drum Mountain .
Biography
They studied Theravada Buddhism for a year in Thailand in 1991 . Upon returning from Thailand , they were elected abbot of Dharma Drum Chan Meditation Center in Queens and Dharma Drum Retreat Center in Pine Bush , New York . Their responsibilities included attending interfaith services , teaching meditation , and giving lectures on Buddhism . For over 20 years , they also accompanied and became translator to Sheng-yen in various Chan meditation retreats in the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany , Switzerland , Russia , and Mexico .
They are currently the director of the Dharma Drum Retreat Center in , Pine Bush , New York .
References
External links
Memoirs of a Monk 's Journey To Thailand
Memoirs of a Monk 's Journey To Thailand ( part 2 )
`` Suffering '' and the `` Buddhist Tradition '' by Venerable Guo Yuan Fa Shi
Dharma Drum Mountain
Chan Buddhist monks
Vietnamese Zen Buddhists
Living people
1950 births
Charles Isaac Sparks ( December 20 , 1872 – April 30 , 1937 ) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas .
Born on a farm near Ontario , in Jackson Township , Iowa , Sparks was educated in the rural schools and Simpson College , Indianola , Iowa . They were graduated from the law department of the State University of Iowa at Iowa City in 1896 . They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Boone , Iowa . They served as prosecuting attorney of Boone County 1899-1902 . They served as chairperson of the Republican county committee in 1898 . They moved to Goodland , Kansas , in 1907 and continued the practice of law . They served as city attorney and was a member of the Goodland School Board . They served as judge of the thirty-fourth judicial district of Kansas 1915-1929 .
Sparks was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-first and Seventy-second Congresses ( March 4 , 1929 – March 3 , 1933 ) . They were one of the managers appointed by the House of Representatives in 1933 to conduct the impeachment proceedings against Harold Louderback , judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California . They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1932 to the Seventy-third Congress . They resumed the practice of law in Goodland , Kansas , until their death there on April 30 , 1937 . They were interred in the Goodland Cemetery .
References
External links
1872 births
1937 deaths
American prosecutors
Kansas state court judges
University of Iowa College of Law alumni
People from Boone , Iowa
Iowa Republicans
Iowa lawyers
Kansas lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Simpson College alumni
School board members in Kansas
People from Goodland , Kansas
Gölcük is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 164 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
A bronze statue of Charles James Napier by the sculptor George Gammon Adams stands in Trafalgar Square in London , United Kingdom . It occupies one of the four plinths in Trafalgar Square , the one to the southwest of Nelson 's Column .
Background
General Sir Charles James Napier GCB ( not to be confused with their cousin and close contemporary , the Admiral Charles John Napier ) was born in 1782 and died in 1853 , 19 days after their 71st birthday . They were an officer in the British Army , and served in the Peninsular War , the War of 1812 , and later in India . In 1843 they captured Sindh and was made its first Governor , holding the post until their first return to England in October 1847 . In 1849 they were appointed Commander-in-Chief in India and held the post until February 1851 , when they returned again to England and retired .
Napier was chief of troops in the north of England between 1839 and 1841 , during the early Chartist protests against low wages and poor conditions in Britain 's factories . Although Napier 's diaries show some sympathy with the Chartists ' demands , they were responsible for using their troops to suppress the protests .
Description and history
The bronze sculpture stands on a tall granite pedestal , creating a monument about high . Napier is depicted standing , bareheaded , wearing military uniform with a cloak . They hold up their scabbard in their left hand , with a scroll in their right hand symbolising their governorship of Sind . It was erected in 1855–6 by means of public subscriptions , the most numerous contributors being private soldiers . It bears an inscription stating that Napier was `` born in MDCCLXXXII and died LXXI years later in MDCCCLIII '' . It was quickly criticised as being one of the worst pieces of sculpture in England .
A similar marble statue of Napier , also by George Gammon Adams , stands in the Crypt of St Paul 's Cathedral , with Napier similarly in uniform and bearheaded , with their right hand resting on their sword and their left hand on their hip holding a scroll .
In 1936 it was suggested that the statues of Generals Napier and Havelock in Trafalgar Square should be replaced by statues of Admirals Beatty and Jellicoe , the naval commanders at the Battle of Jutland in 1916 , but a place was eventually found for bronze busts of the Edwardian admirals ( and later for Admiral Cunningham ) against the north wall of the square , without removing the statues of the Victorian generals from their plinths .
It became a Grade II listed building in 1970 . Trafalgar Square is itself Grade I listed .
In October 2000 the then Mayor of London Ken Livingstone suggested that the statues of Napier and Havelock should be removed from Trafalgar Square , because they did n't have any idea who they were .
References
External links
General Charles James Napier – Trafalgar Square , London , UK at Waymarking
Bronze sculptures in the United Kingdom
Napier , Charles James
Monuments and memorials in London
Outdoor sculptures in London
Napier , Charles James
Trafalgar Square
La Chinantla ( Poblado 10 ) is a town in the Municipality of Uxpanapa , in southwest Veracruz , Mexico .
The town was founded in 1977 as a resettlement town for indigenous people displaced by the construction of the Malpaso Dam in Chiapas . The town was planned , drafted , founded , and built by the Mexican military and Instituto Nacional Indigenista , now Comisión Nacional para el Desarrollo de los Pueblos Indígenas .
The town was founded in the middle of the jungle ; it has a single dirt road leading in and out . Because it was built by the Mexican government , it has many amenities that other towns do not have , such as paved roads , concrete sidewalks , schools , a community center , electricity and potable water .
Every town in the region was assigned a number from 1 to 15 ; La Chinantla was assigned number 10 and therefore had originally been known as Poblado 10 . The town changed its official name in 1997 when the municipality of Uxpanapa was authorized by the state legislature . The town is now called `` La Chinantla '' in honor of the Chinantec indigenous people that live in the region .
The town has Internet and phone service . The telephone area code is 923 , and the zip code is 96998 .
References
http : //www.vivemx.com/col/la-chinantla.htm
http : //www.heraldo.com.mx/veracruz/uxpanapa/96998/poblado-10-la-chinantla/
Populated places in Veracruz
Mirzet Krupinac ( born 6 November 1973 ) is a Bosnian retired professional footballer .
Club career
They played the final years of their career in the Austrian lower and amateur leagues .
International career
Kruprinac made two appearances for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team at the Sahara Millennium Cup in India , in January 2001 .
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
People from Zvornik
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football defenders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
FK Drina Zvornik players
FK Sarajevo players
SC Austria Lustenau players
NK Zagorje players
FK Sloboda Tuzla players
SC Schwanenstadt players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
2 . Liga ( Austria ) players
Austrian Landesliga players
Austrian 2 . Landesliga players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Pocket Creek is a long 3rd order tributary to the Deep River in Lee County , North Carolina . The longest covered bridge ( Gilliam Park Covered Bridge ) in North Carolina crosses this creek .
Course
Pocket Creek rises in a pond in White Hill , North Carolina and then flows north to join the Deep River about 1.5 miles south of Gulf , North Carolina .
Watershed
Pocket Creek drains of area , receives about 47.9 in/year of precipitation , has a wetness index of 390.19 and is about 63 % forested .
See also
List of rivers of North Carolina
External links
Longest Covered Bridge in North Carolina
References
Rivers of North Carolina
Rivers of Lee County , North Carolina
Two human polls comprised the 1978 National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I-A football rankings . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies . There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll .
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches ' Poll
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
Elections to the Goa , Daman and Diu Legislative Assembly were held in December 1984 , to elect members of the 60 constituencies in Goa , Daman and Diu , India . The Indian National Congress won the most seats as well as the popular vote , and Pratapsingh Rane was re-appointed as the Chief Minister of Goa , Daman and Diu .
After the passing of the Delimitation of Parliamentary and Assembly Constituencies Order , 1976 by the Delimitation Commission of India , the legislative assembly had 30 constituencies . Halfway through the term , on 30 May 1987 , the union territory was split , and Goa was made India 's twenty-fifth state , with Daman and Diu remaining a union territory .
Result
Elected Members
Later events
In May 1987 , the Government of India split the union territory of Goa , Daman and Diu into the new state of Goa and the union territory of Daman and Diu by The Constitution ( Fifty-sixth Amendment ) Act , 1987 . The new Goa Legislative Assembly was assigned 40 seats from the next election , in 1989 .
See also
List of constituencies of the Goa Legislative Assembly
1984 elections in India
References
Goa , Daman and Diu
1984
1984
Wagner is a hamlet in northern Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Lesser Slave River No . 124 . It is located north of Highway 2 , approximately northwest of Edmonton . It has an elevation of .
Demographics
Wagner recorded a population of 171 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada .
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Municipal District of Lesser Slave River No . 124
Tom Postilio is an American luxury real estate broker , television personality , and former professional singer . They are a broker at Douglas Elliman , the largest real estate brokerage in the New York Metropolitan area and the fourth largest real estate company in the United States . They are known for brokering high-end luxury real estate to a celebrity clientele and is a star of the HGTV reality television show Selling New York .
Early life and education
Postilio was born and raised in Queens , New York City . They were part of the first class to attend the prestigious Townsend Harris High School when it reopened in 1984 . Their family moved from Ozone Park , Queens to Hauppauge , Long Island and they graduated from Hauppauge High School in 1988 , where they performed in many of the school 's musicals . They became a fan of Frank Sinatra at an early age and entered talent shows singing songs made famous by the legendary crooner . Postilio won the Newsday Teen Talent Showcase in 1987 and was featured in the New York Times when they were 19 years old . They graduated from Suffolk County Community College with an associate degree in 1990 , but opted not to further their college education when they were invited to tour as the featured vocalist with the Glenn Miller Orchestra at the age of 20 .
Real estate career
Postilio was a founding member of CORE , a New York real estate firm , and has been ranked as one of the top real estate agents in New York City . They entered the real estate profession in 2003 at the suggestion of a friend . They were hired by Shaun Osher of Douglas Elliman , the largest residential real estate brokerage in the New York metropolitan area . In 2005 , Postilio and Osher left Elliman to start a new real estate brokerage , which would become CORE . In 2015 , Postilio and their partner Mickey Conlon joined Douglas Elliman , the No . 1 real estate brokerage in New York . Company chairperson Howard Lorber stated that , `` Tom & Mickey are two of the brightest superstars in the business , '' with company president and CEO Dottie Herman adding they were , `` well-respected for their collective experience , trusted business relationships and cultural and social influences , Tom and Mickey are true leaders in their field . '' Postilio was ranked among the top 1000 Real Estate Professionals in the United States by REAL Trends/The Wall Street Journal .
Postilio is known for working with high-net-worth celebrity clients such as Jim Carrey , Joan Collins , Michael Feinstein , Lady Gaga , and David Sanborn . They became a star on Selling New York , a reality show on HGTV that features brokers selling high-end real estate to some of New York 's wealthiest residents . They frequently appear alongside their partner , Mickey Conlon , and the duo have been dubbed the show 's `` Dream Team . '' Responsible for more than $ 1.5 billion in residential sales , they rank among the most successful real estate brokers in the United States and were named CORE 's top-producing agents in 2013 and 2014 .
Postilio has appeared on numerous television shows as a real estate commentator and host , including CBS 's Living Large , Fox 's Good Day New York , NBC 's Open House , ABC 's Good Morning America , and CNBC 's Mega Homes Report . They have also been featured in articles in several publications , including The New York Times , New York Daily News , the New York Post , the Wall Street Journal , Forbes , The Hollywood Reporter , and a variety of real estate trade publications . Postilio has been designated a Certified Negotiations Expert by the Real Estate Board of New York , of which they are a member . They were appointed as a juror for the Architzer A+ Awards , the world 's largest architectural awards program . After Donald Trump announced they would run for president , Postilio appeared with Conlon on Inside Edition to discuss Trump 's first mansion in Greenwich , Connecticut , which was listed for $ 54 million , $ 50 million more than Trump paid for the estate when they bought it in 1982 .
In 2007 , Postilio was at the center of a story that made international headlines about the astronomical pricing for parking spaces in New York City . Based on the sale and waiting list for parking spaces in the basement of a boutique luxury condominium project at 246 West 17th Street in Manhattan 's pricey Chelsea neighborhood , the record price tags of $ 275,000 were compared to the cost of cars , home values , and income levels around the world . Still , the cost of such spaces was justified as valuable by residents and industry economists based on the lack of available parking in the city and a decline in the number of parking garages in New York City . As of late 2014 , prices for some parking spaced in Manhattan have exceeded $ 1 million .
Singing career
Before getting involved in real estate , Postilio began their career as a singer of the Great American Songbook and traveled internationally with the Glenn Miller Orchestra . They traveled with the group for one year , playing in venues in Europe , Asia , and the United States . They received a MAC Award for Outstanding New York Debut as well as the Backstage Bistro Award for Outstanding Vocalist . Postilio sang in the Oak Room at New York 's Algonquin Hotel and was noted for their Frank Sinatra singing style , with the New York Times stating `` his carefully syncopated phrasing and exuberance suggest a softened echo of the late-50s Sinatra in their swinging mode . '' They released two albums in the 1990s : What Matters Most ( Elba , 1993 ) and Dream ( DRG , 1998 ) . Upon seeing their performance in 1998 , Regis Philbin stated on ABC TV 's Regis & Kathie Lee , `` he looks and sounds like a young Sinatra . '' Their acclaim as a Sinatra-style singer led to their starring role in the Off-Broadway musical , Our Sinatra . They have appeared on The Today Show , PBS Great Performances , Showbiz Tonight , and BBC News . Postilio returned to the nightclub stage in 2011 with their show `` This Time Around '' , performed at Feinstein 's at Loews Regency in New York .
References
Living people
Suffolk County Community College alumni
Television personalities from New York City
People from Ozone Park , Queens
American real estate brokers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Ibacus is a genus of slipper lobsters , including commercially important species such as the Balmain bug , Ibacus peronii .
References
Achelata
The Burrow is an organisation linked to South Sydney Rabbitohs Rugby League Football Club , based in Redfern , a suburb of inner-southern Sydney , New South Wales .
The South Sydney Rabbitohs continue to have a large supporter base in their traditional areas of South-eastern Sydney , despite having moved from Redfern Oval two decades ago . They also enjoy wide support throughout other rugby league playing centres around the country . The official South Sydney supporter group is known as `` The Burrow . '' While their active supporter group is known as `` Gate38 '' which is made up of young men who were involved in the `` scumgate '' scandal in 2013 . The Rabbitohs also have a large supporter base in Perth , where they rival the Fremantle Dockers in supporter size .
The Rabbitohs have the highest football club membership in the National Rugby League , with total membership exceeding 35,000 as of 23 June 2015 . The total member number also includes more than 11,000 ticketed members to date , the highest of the Sydney-based NRL Clubs . It was announced during the 2010 Charity Shield game that both St George Illawarra and Souths had exceeded the 10,000 milestones , making the 2010 season the first time two Sydney clubs have entered the season with 10,000 ticketed members each . The club has members from every state in Australia and international members located in 22 countries . Football club membership had peaked at some 22,000 when the club was readmitted to the National Rugby League for season 2002 .
`` Group 14 '' , a collection of the club 's backers which comprise an influential collection of business people , politicians and media personalities , was formed before the Rabbitohs ' exclusion from the NRL in 1999 . Members included Andrew Denton , Anthony Albanese , Deirdre Grusovin , Mike Whitney , Laurie Brereton , Mikey Robins , Ron Hoenig , Nick Greiner , Ray Martin , Cathy Freeman , Candice Warner and former NSW Premier Kristina Keneally . They contributed to South Sydney 's bid for reinstatement , following the club 's exclusion from the competition at the end of the 1999 season . A sustained campaign of public support that year , unprecedented in Australian sporting history , saw 40,000 people attending a rally in the Sydney CBD in support of South Sydney 's cause . In 2000 and 2001 , public street marches took place in Sydney with in excess of 80,000 people rallying behind the Rabbitohs . The club also has a number of high-profile supporters as well , many of whom were dominant figures in their battle to be readmitted into the premiership in 2000 and 2001 . In 2007 supporters set a new club record for attendance with an average home crowd figure of 15,702 being the highest ever since the introduction of the home and away system in 1974 .
The Burrow Appreciation Award
Man 's
Woman 's
References
External links
Rugby football culture
Rugby league organisations
South Sydney Rabbitohs
Sports fandom
Supporters ' trusts
Pednor is a hamlet in the parish of Chartridge , in Buckinghamshire , England . It is located in the Chiltern Hills two miles northwest of Chesham and seven miles southeast of Wendover .
The hamlet name is Anglo Saxon in origin , and means 'Peada 's slope ' . In 1541 , following the dissolution of the monasteries the lands at Pednor were surrendered by Missenden Abbey and became part of the estates owned by John Russell , 1st Earl of Bedford . There is a medieval moat sited at Little Pednor Farm which is recorded by English Heritage as associated with the lands transferred from the Abbey and was later succeeded as the predominant residence within the estate by Pednor House .
Pednor Mead is that part of Pednor which is closest to Chesham along the valley known as Pednor Bottom . A number of springs that source the River Chess lie along this bottom . There are farms called Great and Little Pednor which lie beyond the town at this point . The roads connecting them are used for the annual `` Tour de Pednor '' charity cycle ride .
Pednormead End is a neighbourhood within Chesham adjacent to the Old Town at the start of the Pednor Road .
References
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Değirmenbeli is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 256 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
The 2009 Zahedan bombing was an explosion on May 28 , 2009 that occurred during Maghrib prayers in Zahedan killing 30 people and wounding 60 . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . The governor of Sistan and Baluchestan reported that `` a group of terrorists is arrested as they were trying to escape from the province '' .
Background
Zahedan is the capital of Sistan and Baluchestan Province , shares a border with Pakistan and is the scene of frequent clashes between Iranian police and drug dealers and militants and terrorists such as Jundallah . In 2007 , there was another bombing that killed eleven people .
Motive
This explosion probably was carried out by a group seeking to start a war between Shiite and Sunni Muslims . One day after the attack , Abdel Raouf Rigi , described as a spokesperson for the Jundallah group , told Saudi-owned TV channel Al-Arabiya that a suicide bomber had targeted a secret meeting of Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guards inside the Amir al-Momineen mosque .
On May 30 , 2009 , three men convicted of smuggling the bombing material and explosives from Pakistan to Iran were publicly executed by hanging near the mosque . All three men were already in detention when bombing occurred and had been tried for a string of bombings claimed by Jundallah in the past . A spokesperson for the Sistan-Baluchestan provincial judiciary said the three people `` confessed to illegally bringing explosives into Iran and giving them to the main person behind the bombing '' .
Attack
The Fars news agency quoted witnesses saying the incident had been a suicide attack . The bomb was suspected to have been put in a briefcase on the men 's side of the mosque . The bomb is estimated to have been activated around the time for evening prayer , when the mosque was packed with worshippers on a public holiday . Amir al-Mohmenin mosque is an important shia mosque in Zahedan .
Attribution
Ayatollah Ahmad Khatami stated that they believed the United States and Israel had a hand in the attack . They specifically accused the US of supporting Sunni rebels operating on the border with Pakistan , who are also linked the Al-Qaeda . They also stated `` Although those who planted the bomb are the malicious and non-believer Wahabbis and Salafis , the real masterminds are others . Those who planned the crime wanted to undermine the Supreme Leader 's move to help build closer bonds between Shiites and Sunnis during their recent visit to Kurdestan .
It is clear that our Shiite and Sunni brothers are vigilant about the plots of the enemies who wish to create discord among them '' . After three of the attackers were arrested , Khatami announced `` According to the information obtained they were hired by America and the agents of the arrogance '' . Interior minister Sadegh Mahsooli also accused Israel and the US of supporting the terrorists . Jalal Sayah , deputy governor of Sistan and Baluchestan Province , accused the United States of sponsoring terror and hiring mercenaries to attack Iran .
Iranian speaker of parliament Ali Larijani , three days after the terror attack claimed that Iran has intelligence reports regarding the United States links with certain terrorist groups operating against Iran and accused United States , of commanding them and trying to start a civil war between Shia and Sunni segments of Iranian society . Regarding the investigation of bombing , they said that Iran would want Pakistan to cooperate fully and not become a mere part of the designs against Iran .
The US denied the accusation , replying `` We do not sponsor any form of terrorism anywhere in the world . Never have , never will , ''
Reaction
- White house Spokesmen Robert Gibbs said `` The United States strongly condemns the recent terrorist attacks inside Iran , the American people send their deepest condolences to the victims and their families . No cause justifies terrorism , and the United States condemns it in any form , in any country , against any people . '' US State Department spokesperson Ian Kelly stated `` We condemn this attack in the strongest possible terms , and extend our sympathies to the families injured and killed , We note with concern a recent trend of bombings of Shiite mosques in Iraq and Pakistan as well as in Iran and strongly condemn any kind of sectarian driven violence . ''
Jundallah ties to Al Qaeda and U.S. Military Intelligence
According to many sources , Jundallah has ties to al-Qaeda . Iran has been critical of the U.S. and U.K. governments for supporting Jundallah . Several sources such as the ABC News , Daily Telegraph , and journalist Seymour Hersh have also reported that Jundullah has received support from the United States against Iran .
See also
Jundallah
Abdolmalek Rigi
Ahvaz bombings
2007 Zahedan bombings
July 2010 Zahedan bombings
References
Explosions in 2009
Terrorist incidents in Iran in 2009
Mass murder in 2009
Terrorist incidents in Iran
History of Sistan and Baluchestan Province
Attacks on Shiite mosques
Jundallah ( Iran )
Suicide bombings in Iran
Explosions in Iran
Zahedan
Mosque bombings by Islamists
2009 murders in Iran
Mosque bombings in Asia
Schuman Roundabout ( Dutch : Schumanplein , French : Rond-point Schuman ) , sometimes called Schuman Square , is a roundabout at the end of the Wetstraat / Rue de la Loi in Brussels that serves as a focus for major institutions of the European Union ( EU ) .
It is named after Robert Schuman , one of the founding fathers of the European Union and gives its name to the surrounding district ( also known as the European Quarter ) and Schuman station . The major buildings next to it are the Berlaymont building , headquarters of the European Commission , and the Justus Lipsius building , used to hold low-level meetings of the Council of the European Union and provide office space to the Council secretariat .
The roundabout is above the eastern end of the metro segment of Schuman station . The station is undergoing renovation to improve its interchange and link it to a new regional railway via a new tunnel . There are already a web of rail and road tunnels running under and around the roundabout .
The area is to see some major rebuilding as EU offices are converted into shops and other civilian uses and the roundabout will be converted into one of three pedestrian squares , the theme of the new Place Schumanplein will concentrate on `` policy and politics '' ( see Brussels and the EU # Future for details ) .
Roads meeting at the roundabout
Rue de la Loi / Wetstraat runs west-north-west towards the centre of Brussels , one-way . It also continues east-south-east for a short distance towards the western end of Cinquantenaire park . The bulk of the traffic on this main carriageway avoids the roundabout by taking the tunnel underneath , the road becoming Avenue de Tervueren / Tervurenlaan and heading out of Brussels east / east-south-east towards Woluwe-Saint-Pierre and eventually Tervuren .
Kortenberglaan / Avenue de Cortenbergh leads north-east towards Schaerbeek and Place de Jamblinne de Meux . The Rue Belliard / Belliardstraat tunnel also follows this route , leading out towards Diamant premetro station and the E40 .
Archimedestraat / Rue Archimède leads north towards Square Ambiorix .
Avenue d'Auderghem / Oudergemselaan runs south-east through the middle of Etterbeek , towards the La Chasse junction and Auderghem .
Rue Froissart / Froissartstraat is one of the smaller roads leaving the roundabout , heading towards Place Jourdan .
References
European quarter of Brussels
The Philippine Super Liga ( PSL ) draft was an annual event in the league 's calendar during the 2014 , 2015 and 2016 seasons in which teams can acquire new players outside the league which are not free agents in an agreed-upon order . The first two drafting procedures ( 2014 and 2015 ) were held at the SM Aura , in Bonifacio Global City , Taguig City .
2014 First Round Draft Picks
2015 First Round Draft Picks
2016 First Round draft picks
References
Philippine Super Liga
The Tanypezidae , known as the “ stretched-foot flies ” , are small family of acalyptrate Diptera ( Schizophora , Brachycera ) . The 28 species are found mostly in the New World , divided between two genera : Tanypeza ( 2 species ) is found in North America , with the type species ( T. longimana Fallén ) extending into the Palaearctic , and Neotanypeza ( 26 species ) is neotropical in distribution and includes one species known only from Dominican amber from 17–20 million years ago , N. dominicana Lonsdale & Apigian . This distribution contrasts that of its sister family , the Strongylophthalmyiidae , which is mostly East Asian in distribution .
The family was recently treated by Lonsdale ( 2013 ) , who redefined the family and its genera , synonymizing all other neotropical tanypezid genera in Neotanypeza . Lonsdale ( 2014 ) also provided a full catalogue for the family .
Species of Tanypezidae are relatively large and have semispherical heads and stout bodies that are perched atop long , thin legs , the latter of which have sometimes allied them with the families Neriidae and Micropezidae . The head and thorax are also often very dark with contrasting silver- ( sometimes golden- ) haired stripes and spots . Furthermore , apical convergence of wing veins R4+5 and M1 occurs , and no vibrissae , setulae on the upper surface of vein R1 , and a large , flat ocellar disc behind the ocelli . Little is known of the biology of tanypezid species , but T. longimana is known from low vegetation in humid deciduous woodlands , often around running water .
References
External links
Family Tanypezidae at EOL
Diptera.info images
Wing venation
Picture of a Tanypeza sp .
World list
Brachycera families
Taxa named by Camillo Rondani
Nerioidea
Bíldudalur Airport is an airport serving Bíldudalur , a village in the Vesturbyggð municipality in the Westfjords of Iceland . The runway is south-southeast of the village .
Airlines and destinations
Statistics
Passengers and movements
See also
Transport in Iceland
List of airports in Iceland
Notes
References
External links
OurAirports - Bíldudalur
OpenStreetMap - Bíldudalur
Airports in Iceland
Karatsan ( ; Kaitag : Гъаӏрацӏан ; Dargwa : ГъярацӀан ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative centre of Karatsansky Selsoviet , Kaytagsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 1,162 as of 2010 . There are 13 streets .
Geography
Karatsan is located 10 km southeast of Madzhalis ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kartalay and Dzhinabi are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Bruno Thibout ( born 8 May 1969 ) is a French former professional racing cyclist . They rode in three editions of the Tour de France , three editions of the Vuelta a España and two editions of the Giro d'Italia . Having ridden for the Castorama , Motorola and Cofidis teams , in retirement they have worked as a motorbike rider for the ASO during the Tour de France .
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Seine-Maritime
Cyclists from Normandy
The 2021 Yukon general election was held on April 12 , 2021 to return members of the 35th Yukon Legislative Assembly . The election resulted in a hung parliament ( minority government ) with the incumbent governing party , Yukon Liberal Party , and the opposition Yukon Party tied with 8 seats each , while the Yukon New Democratic Party held the remaining 3 .
During the 2016 election , the Liberals included a commitment in their platform to introduce fixed election dates in the territory . In October 2020 , the government introduced legislation to amend the Elections Act and create fixed election dates . The legislation passed in December 2020 , and took effect after the 2021 election .
Voter turnout dropped almost twelve percentage points compared to 2016 , caused to an extent by the introduction of a standing List of Electors , resulting in a higher percentage of Yukoners being registered . More votes were cast than in 2016 , in part due to the territory 's strong population growth since the last election .
On April 23 , 2021 the incumbent Liberals were sworn in as a minority government .
On April 28 , the NDP announced that they had entered into a formal confidence and supply agreement with the Liberals .
Results
The final seat standing for the election was only resolved on April 19 , 2021 , because of a 78-78 vote tie in the Vuntut Gwitchin riding , the territory 's smallest by population . After the tie was upheld by a judicial recount , drawing of lots gave the seat to the NDP 's Annie Blake , denying the Yukon Liberals a one seat plurality over the Yukon Party .
|- style= '' background : # ccc ; ''
! rowspan= '' 2 '' colspan= '' 2 '' style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Party
! rowspan= '' 2 '' style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Party leader
! rowspan= '' 2 '' |Candidates
! colspan= '' 4 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' |Seats
! colspan= '' 3 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' |Popular vote
|-
! 2016
! Dissol .
! 2021
! +/-
! #
! %
! +/-
|align=left|Currie Dixon
|align= '' right '' |18
|align= '' right '' |6
|align= '' right '' |6
|align= '' right '' |8
|align= '' right '' |+2
|align= '' right '' |7,477
|align= '' right '' |39.32 %
|align= '' right '' |+5.84 %
|align=left|Sandy Silver
|align= '' right '' |19
|align= '' right '' |11
|align= '' right '' |10
|align= '' right '' |8
|align= '' right '' |-3
|align= '' right '' |6,155
|align= '' right '' |32.37 %
|align= '' right '' |-7.04 %
|align=left|Kate White
|align= '' right '' |18
|align= '' right '' |2
|align= '' right '' |2
|align= '' right '' |3
|align= '' right '' |+1
|align= '' right '' |5,356
|align= '' right '' |28.17 %
|align= '' right '' |+1.94 %
| colspan= '' 2 '' style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Independent
|align= '' right '' |1
|align= '' right '' |0
|align= '' right '' |1
|align= '' right '' |0
|align= '' right '' |0
|align= '' right '' |26
|align= '' right '' |0.14 %
|align= '' right '' |-0.06 %
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' colspan= '' 3 '' |Invalid votes
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' |84
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' colspan= '' 3 '' |Total
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' |56
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' |19
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' |19
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' |19
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' |-
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' |19,098
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' |100 %
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' |
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' colspan= '' 3 '' |Registered voters/turnout
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | 29,637
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | 64.44 %
| style= '' text-align : right ; '' | -
| }
Results by Riding
Each candidate stands in a single electoral district .
Bold indicates party leaders and cabinet members are italicized
† - denotes a retiring incumbent MLA
Rural Yukon
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Klondike
|| ||Sandy Silver526 ( 47.2 % )
| ||Charlie Dagostin364 ( 32.7 % )
| ||Chris Clarke224 ( 20.1 % )
|| ||Sandy Silver
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Kluane
| ||Luke Campbell219 ( 28.0 % )
|| ||Wade Istchenko352 ( 45.0 % )
| ||Dave Weir211 ( 27.0 % )
|| ||Wade Istchenko
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Lake Laberge
| ||Tracey Jacobs229 ( 17.8 % )
|| ||Brad Cathers799 ( 62.1 % )
| ||Ian Angus259 ( 20.1 % )
|| ||Brad Cathers
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Mayo-Tatchun
|| ||Jeremy Harper238 ( 37.7 % )
| ||Peter Grundmanis186 ( 29.4 % )
| ||Patty Wallingham208 ( 32.9 % )
|| ||Don Hutton†
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Mount Lorne-Southern Lakes
|| ||John Streicker446 ( 39.0 % )
| ||Eric Schroff406 ( 35.5 % )
| ||Erik Pinkerton292 ( 25.5 % )
|| ||John Streicker
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Pelly-Nisutlin
| ||Katherine Alexander97 ( 13.6 % )
|| ||Stacey Hassard362 ( 50.8 % )
| ||George Bahm254 ( 35.6 % )
|| ||Stacey Hassard
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Vuntut Gwitchin
| ||Pauline Frost78 ( 50.0 % )
| ||
|| ||Annie Blake78 ( 50.0 % )
|| ||Pauline Frost
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Watson Lake
| ||Amanda Brown237 ( 43.1 % )
|| ||Patti McLeod313 ( 56.9 % )
| ||
|| ||Patti McLeod
| }
In Vuntut Gwitchin , both candidates each received 78 votes , resulting in a tie . A judicial recount took place and there remained a tie vote therefore , a random draw determined that Annie Blake would fill the seat .
Whitehorse
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Copperbelt North
| ||Ted Adel346 ( 25.1 % )
|| ||Currie Dixon717 ( 51.9 % )
| ||Saba Javed318 ( 23.0 % )
| ||
|| ||Ted Adel
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Copperbelt South
| ||Sheila Robertson259 ( 20.3 % )
|| ||Scott Kent726 ( 57.0 % )
| ||Kaori Torigai289 ( 22.7 % )
| ||
|| ||Scott Kent
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Mountainview
|| ||Jeanie McLean402 ( 38.2 % )
| ||Ray Sydney268 ( 25.5 % )
| ||Michelle Friesen356 ( 33.8 % )
| ||Coach Jan Prieditis26 ( 2.5 % )
|| ||Jeanie McLean
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Porter Creek Centre
| ||Paolo Gallina646 ( 38.4 % )
|| ||Yvonne Clarke704 ( 41.8 % )
| ||Shonagh McCrindle334 ( 19.8 % )
| ||
|| ||Paolo Gallina
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Porter Creek North
| ||Staci McIntosh331 ( 28.9 % )
|| ||Geraldine Van Bibber562 ( 49.2 % )
| ||Francis van Kessel250 ( 21.9 % )
| ||
|| ||Geraldine Van Bibber
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Porter Creek South
|| ||Ranj Pillai309 ( 47.2 % )
| ||Chad Sjodin262 ( 40.0 % )
| ||Colette Acheson84 ( 12.8 % )
| ||
|| ||Ranj Pillai
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Riverdale North
|| ||Nils Clarke469 ( 41.7 % )
| ||Cory Adams280 ( 24.9 % )
| ||Vanessa Thorson375 ( 33.4 % )
| ||
|| ||Nils Clarke
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Riverdale South
|| ||Tracy-Anne McPhee415 ( 39.3 % )
| ||Cynthia Lyslo307 ( 29.1 % )
| ||Jason Cook334 ( 31.6 % )
| ||
|| ||Tracy-Anne McPhee
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Takhini-Kopper King
| ||Raj Murugaiyan198 ( 16.4 % )
| ||Morgan Yuill244 ( 20.3 % )
|| ||Kate White763 ( 63.3 % )
| ||
|| ||Kate White
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Whitehorse Centre
| ||Dan Curtis312 ( 29.5 % )
| ||Eileen Melnychuk249 ( 23.5 % )
|| ||Emily Tredger498 ( 47.0 % )
| ||
|| ||Liz Hanson†
|-
| style= '' background : whitesmoke ; '' |Whitehorse West
|| ||Richard Mostyn398 ( 39.7 % )
| ||Angela Drainville376 ( 37.5 % )
| ||Ron Davis229 ( 22.8 % )
| ||
|| ||Richard Mostyn
| }
The Yukon Green Party did not run any candidates in the election ; as a result , the party has been deregistered by Elections Yukon .
Incumbent MLAs who were defeated
Opinion polls
Aftermath
The election resulted in a hung parliament , with no party winning the requisite 10 seats to form a majority in the legislature . The Yukon Party and the Liberals , with 8 seats each , entered discussions with the NDP to determine support for a minority government . The Liberals , as the incumbent governing party , were given the first opportunity to form a government and test the confidence of the legislature . The Yukon Party publicly stated that they were not included in any talks to form a coalition government or provide other support to the Liberals , while the NDP did not indicate the content of their leader 's discussion with the Liberals . On April 28 , 2021 , the Liberals and NDP announced a formal confidence and supply agreement to allow the Liberals to form a minority government .
Following the tie vote in Vuntut Gwitchin , which declared NDP candidate Annie Blake as the winner following the drawing of lots , outgoing Liberal MLA Pauline Frost filed a legal challenge challenging the results ; Frost initially claimed that two votes had been counted from the district that `` should not have been cast . '' Only one vote was actually formally challenged by Frost in court , on the grounds that as a prisoner in the Whitehorse Correctional Centre the voter should have registered to vote in Whitehorse rather than their home community ; the challenge was rejected by Suzanne Duncan of the Supreme Court of Yukon in August , affirming Blake 's victory .
Notes
References
Elections in Yukon
Election
Yukon general election
The Cap-Rouge trestle ( ) is a railway trestle bridge inaugurated in 1908 and still in use in the community of Cap-Rouge , part of the borough of Sainte-Foy–Sillery–Cap-Rouge in Quebec City , Quebec , Canada . It was commissioned in 1906 as a section of the National Transcontinental Railway to span the Rivière du Cap Rouge valley and connect the eastbound railway with the newly built and nearby Quebec Bridge . It was built as a steel structure by the Dominion Bridge Company at a total cost of 800 000 Canadian dollars .
At , it is one of the highest structures on which trains are operated in the province of Quebec and as such , has become over the years an attractive location for trespassers . As a response , its points of access have been fenced and a video surveillance system installed . , it is only used by freight trains , at the relatively slow speed of approximately .
References
Railway bridges in Quebec
Minhang Development Zone ( ) is a metro station on Line 5 of the Shanghai Metro . It is the current southern terminus of the line , and is located in the suburban Minhang District . The zone is about in size and was opened in 1986 . The location is close to the Outer-ringway giving the zone quick access to both airports of the city . The opening of Line 5 has dramatically improved access to the central districts of Shanghai .
The station is located along the branch service of Line 5 , which operates between this station and . Passengers can transfer to the main line at Dongchuan Road . However , since 26 December 2020 , this is not the case , as trains have resumed service all the way to Xinzhuang .
The zone contains factories for companies that produce machinery , electronics , pharmaceuticals , beverages and entertainment products .
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Minhang District
Railway stations in China opened in 2003
Line 5 , Shanghai Metro
Miroljub Pešić ( ; born 23 October 1993 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a centre back for Mačva Šabac .
References
External links
Pešić : Oberučke sam prihvatio poziv Stojića ( VIDEO ) at sportal.rs
Građevinari u Antaliji at fkrad.rs
Pešić , uzdanica Sinđelića at fkrad.rs
Stats at Utakmica.rs
1993 births
Living people
Footballers from Belgrade
Serbian footballers
Association football defenders
FK Železnik players
FK Rad players
FK Sinđelić Beograd players
FK Mačva Šabac players
Serbian First League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
The Chrysler Akino was a concept car created by Chrysler . The Akino was first shown at the 2005 Tokyo Motor Show . The Akino was designed at Chrysler 's Pacifica Studio in California and was named after the designer of the concept car , Akino Tsuchiya .
Design
The Akino was a design concept , as its engine was not tested . The Akino was designed as a modern and still artistic design for a subcompact car . It only has one door on the driver 's side and two doors on the passenger 's side although it has 1 suicide door . Inside , it has 4 seats and a trunk that opens upwards like most hatchbacks . The passenger doors open up in opposite directions , much like the Honda Element . The roof also features an interlocking form which could give out more headroom . If produced , the Chrysler Akino is a front-wheel-drive subcompact car and it will be a 5-door hatchback with conventional rear doors and it is produced in mid-January 2018 and it is related to the Lancia Ypsilon and the Chrysler Ypslion .
References
The Akino at ConceptCarz.com
Tokyo Motor Show 2005 Highlights for Car Design News ( Including the Akino )
Akino
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars introduced in 2005
Subcompact cars
Hatchbacks
Zhuanqiao ( ) is an above-ground station on Line 5 of the Shanghai Metro . Located at the intersection of Humin Highway and Zhuanxing Road in the city 's Minhang District , the station opened with the rest of the first phase of Line 5 on 25 November 2003 . Between 28 December 2018 and 26 December 2020 , passengers who wish to travel to stations on the branch line of Line 5 between and stations must transfer to four-car trains at Dongchuan Road station . Since 26 December 2020 , both the main and the branch line trains run all the way to Xinzhuang with no shuttle service .
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Minhang District
Line 5 , Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2003
The 1994 CAA men 's basketball tournament was held March 5–7 , 1994 , at the Richmond Coliseum in Richmond , Virginia . The winner of the tournament was James Madison , who received an automatic bid to the 1994 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament .
Bracket
Honors
References
Tournament
Colonial Athletic Association men 's basketball tournament
CAA men 's basketball tournament
CAA men 's basketball tournament
Sports competitions in Virginia
Basketball in Virginia
is a private university in Kure , Hiroshima , Japan . The school first opened as a junior women 's college in 1986 and became a four-year college in 1995 .
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1986
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hiroshima Prefecture
1986 establishments in Japan
Leslie T. Chang ( ) is a Chinese-American journalist and the author of Factory Girls : From Village to City in a Changing China ( 2008 ) . A former China correspondent for the Wall Street Journal , they have been described as `` an insightful interpreter of a society in flux . ''
Early life
Chang was born in New York , United States . Chang 's father was Leroy L. Chang , a physicist , researcher , professor , and Dean of Science at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . Chang was raised outside of New York City , New York .
Education
In 1991 , Chang earned a degree in American history and literature from Harvard University .
Career
In 2004 , as a reporter for The Wall Street Journal , Chang visited Dongguan , Guangdong province , China .
Factory Girls
In response to the negative press surrounding working conditions in Chinese factories , Chang decided to explore the subject from the perspective of the workers . In 2004 they traveled to the South Central China factory city of Dongguan to document the lives of Wu Chunming and Lu Qingmin , two migrant workers who were born to poor farming families . The book follows their lives over three years and also includes the author 's own family history of migration within China and to the West .
Factory Girls was named one of the New York Times 100 Notable Books of 2008 and also received the 2009 PEN USA Literary Award for Research Nonfiction and the Asian American Literary Award for nonfiction . According to Chang 's website , translations are forthcoming in French , Italian , Spanish , Dutch , Finnish , Portuguese , Chinese , Japanese , Thai , and Arabic .
Personal life
Chang 's husband is Peter Hessler , an author .
Awards and honors
2009 PEN USA Literary Award for Research Nonfiction ( Factory Girls )
2008 New York Times Notable Book ( Factory Girls )
See also
List of Harvard University people # Journalism
References
External links
Holding Up the Sky , Sunday Book Review , The New York Times
The China Beat : Factory Girls
Factory Girls reviews
Leslie T. Chang official website
Booknotes interview with Chang on Beyond the Narrow Gate , September 12 , 1999 .
National Geographic May 2008 Issue Wholly Devoted to China
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Harvard University alumni
American writers of Chinese descent
American journalists of Chinese descent
The Wall Street Journal people
American women journalists of Asian descent
21st-century American women
Zenkerella is a genus of rodent , the only member of the family Zenkerellidae . It was formerly classified in Anomaluridae until phylogenetic studies made its distinctiveness clear . While the Anomalurus of the family Anomaluridae has gliding membranes between its forelimb and hindlimb , the Zenkerella has no such adaptation . It is estimated from fossil records that this divergence might have occurred in the middle of the Eocene .
There is a single extant and a single fossil representative . The fossil species Zenkerella wintoni is known from a single mandible from Songhor , Kenya dated to the Early Miocene .
References
Rodent genera
Mammal genera with one living species
Taxa named by Paul Matschie
Anomaluromorpha
Rentun Ruusu ( ) is a 2001 Finnish biographical film drama directed and written by Timo Koivusalo . The film is based on the life of Antti Yrjö Hammarberg ( Irwin Goodman ) who is still today a very popular singer in Finland . The film stars Martti Suosalo and Ilkka Koivula with Vexi Salmi as narrator . The film premiered in Helsinki on 12 January 2001 . The name Rentun ruusu is from Irwin Goodman 's song , and the album Rentun ruusu was their biggest and sold 125,000 copies .
By 5 April 2001 it took $ 2,236,169 at the box office , and it was the most watched Finnish movie of 2001 . The film won an award and nomination at the Jussi Awards .
Cast
Main cast
Martti Suosalo ... Irwin Goodman
Ilkka Koivula ... Vexi Salmi
Vexi Salmi ... Narrator
Esko Nikkari ... Väiski
Eeva-Maija Haukinen ... Irwin 's mom , Kirsti Hammarberg
Hannu Kivioja ... Kaspar
Riitta Salminen ... Riitta Feirikki-Hammarberg
Matti Mäntylä ... Toivo Kärki
Tom Lindholm ... Eikka
Kunto Ojansivu ... Alpo
Raimo Grönberg ... Honkanen
Mikko Kivinen ... Tappi Suojanen
Seppo Sallinen ... Keihänen
Erkki Ruokokoski ... Ilmari Kianto
Timo Julkunen ... Mape
Maarit Niiniluoto ... Radiohaastattelija
Harri Ekonen ... Lentäjä 1
Aimo Santaoja ... Lentäjä 2
Matti Nurminen ... Taksikuski torilla
Kai Tanner ... Taksikuski lentokentällä
Raimo Viitanen ... Nimismies
Seppo Helenius ... Virkamies
Risto Luukko ... Tuomari
Sonja Saarinen ... Kaija
Tapani Mäki ... Vartija 2
Johanna Jokela ... Nuori ihailijatyttö
Minor cast
Jevgeni Haukka ... Venäläinen tullimies 1
Martti-Mikael Järvinen ... Otto
Timo Nissi ... Eki
Martti Palo ... Erik Lindström
Alexander Pritoup ... Venäläinen tullimies 2
Taneli Rinne ... Verotarkastaja
Raino Rissanen ... Vartija 1
Kielo Tommila ... Aila
Andrei Tsumak ... Venäläinen tullimies 3
Harry Viita ... Ralliperuna
External links
http : //www.yle.fi/tv2draama/rentunruusu/index.html
http : //www.artistafilmi.fi/RentunRuusu_sivut/vexinmuistelu.html
2000s Finnish-language films
2001 films
Finnish biographical films
Films directed by Timo Koivusalo
Eldon Mattison Woolliams , ( 12 April 1916 – 24 September 2001 ) was a Canadian politician and lawyer . Wooliams served as a Progressive Conservative Party member of the House of Commons of Canada .
They were born in Rosetown , Saskatchewan , and their career included law and education . They were shadow Justice Minister and Chairman of the House of Commons Standing Committee on Justice and Legal Affairs . As a 'Perry Mason ' style trial lawyer , they had over two dozen murder trials where they won the cases as barrister for the accused . They were a descendant of Sir Matthew Hale , Lord Chief Justice of England .
Woolliams first represented Alberta 's Bow River electoral district . Their first attempt to win the riding in the 1957 federal election was unsuccessful , but they would defeat incumbent Charles Edward Johnston in the 1958 election . Woolliams was re-elected there in 1962 , 1963 and 1965 .
In the 1960s , Woolliams was one of the main friends of John Diefenbaker 's top friends , and they had fought defense trials together in Saskatchewan and Alberta . They were responsible with colleague Erik Nielsen in bringing pressure on the Pearson and Trudeau governments , and a few cabinet ministers , particularity the Justice Minister , had to resign their portfolios .
When the ridings were redrawn in 1966 , Woolliams was elected in the Calgary North riding in the 1968 election and was re-elected there in 1972 , 1974 , and 1979 . In their last years in the House of Commons , they sat on the front bench of the Conservatives and remained a formidable opponent of Liberal policies of the governments of Pierre Trudeau . Chiefly , as Shadow Justice Minister , Woolliams in many speeches warned of the Napoleonic legal philosophy of the Liberals and that the socio-political engineering , such as Trudeau 's Charter of Rights and Freedoms , would erode ancient British guarantees of individual rights in favour of a politically-correct philosophy of group rights and legislation from the Supreme Court of Canada , which , they believed , would erode democracy and true justice and freedom . It was a singular blow for them that they were not given the Justice Ministry under new Conservative leader Joe Clark in 1979 . They warned against Clark 's exclusion of the Quebec Creditists , which caused the minority government to be defeated over the 1980 budget after only nine months .
Woolliams left national politics in 1980 and did not campaign in that year 's national elections after they had served eight successive terms from the 24th to the 31st Canadian Parliaments . The Clark government was defeated in the 1980 elections by a rejuvenated Liberal regime still under Trudeau .
After the return of the Conservatives to power under Brian Mulroney , Woolliams served in the capacity of emeritus adviser and Chairman of the Justices Commission , which was given more financial resources for its time on the bench .
They studied at Saskatchewan Teacher 's College and the University of Saskatchewan and was appointed Queen 's Counsel . Diefenbaker called Woolliams the best defense trial lawyer in Canada during their day . They also are made special Lecturer on Peace through Law in Belgrade , Yugoslavia , during their service in the Canadian Parliament . A scholarship fund in their name exists at the University of Saskatchewan College of Law .
References
3 . Eldon M Woolliams QC , barrister , Supreme Court of Canada reported cases ( online ) and decisions :
http : //scc-csc.lexum.com/scc-csc/en/d/s/index.do ? cont=Woolliams & col=1
4 . CBC Archives : Eldon Woolliams QC MP , as Justice Critic , role in Tory Opposition to the Trudeau Omnibus Bill ( 1968 ) liberalizing abortion , homosexuality , no-fault divorce etc. , & TV interview by the CBC 's Barbara Frum :
http : //www.cbc.ca/archives/entry/the-opposition-takes-aim-at-the-omnibus-bill
External links
Televised Participation in House of Commons Questions & Debates| https : //web.archive.org/web/20160611132541/http : //www.cpac.ca/en/digital-archives/ ? search=Woolliams
Eldon M Woolliams Archives at the Glenbow Museum in Calgary : http : //www.glenbow.org/collections/search/findingAids/archhtm/woolliams.cfm
1916 births
2001 deaths
Canadian Queen 's Counsel
Lawyers in Saskatchewan
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Alberta
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada MPs
People from Rosetown
University of Saskatchewan alumni
University of Saskatchewan College of Law alumni
The following is a list of episodes of the American sitcom ALF . Most episode titles derive from those of American and British popular songs .
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 ( 1986–87 )
Season 2 ( 1987–88 )
Season 3 ( 1988–89 )
Season 4 ( 1989–90 )
See also
Project ALF , a 1996 TV movie that functions as a sequel to the final episode ( although with many different actors thus getting bad reviews )
References
ALF ( TV series )
Lists of American science fiction television series episodes
Lists of American sitcom episodes
Helluosoma is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing the following species :
Helluosoma atrum Castelnau , 1867
Helluosoma bouchardi Baehr , 2005
Helluosoma hangayi Baehr , 2005
Helluosoma longicolle Macleay , 1888
References
Anthiinae ( beetle )
Watertown High School ( WHS ) is the local high school , built in 1925 , for Watertown , Massachusetts , United States . The school is home to the Watertown Raiders , who are best known for their varsity field hockey and boys ' basketball programs . Watertown 's colors are black and red . The school newspaper is the Raider Times . On May 8 , 1930 , ex-President Calvin Coolidge was received at the school as town celebrated its 300th anniversary . As a part of the celebration , a national radio program was broadcast from the high school marking the momentous anniversary .
Sports
Watertown High has brought home several sports championships , as well as the state championships of 2007 , 2009 and 2018 for boys ' basketball . Watertown has had many state , Middlesex , and Division II championships from girls field hockey . Girls field hockey won the state tournament against Oakmont Regional High School in 2009 ; the final score was 1–0 . They also beat Auburn in 2010 ( 1-0 ) and Oakmont again in 2011 ( 3-2 ) . Watertown boys ' hockey won the Division III State Championship in 2015 . On October 21 , 2015 , the girls ' field hockey team set a new high school national record by winning their 154th consecutive game .
Notable alumni
Eliza Dushku , actor and model
Hrach Gregorian , political consultant , educator , and writer
Mark Roopenian , NFL player
George Yankowski , former Major League Baseball player for Philadelphia Athletics and Chicago White Sox
References
Buildings and structures in Watertown , Massachusetts
Schools in Middlesex County , Massachusetts
Public high schools in Massachusetts
Rebecca Dawn Kaplan ( born September 17 , 1970 ) is an American politician and a member of the Democratic Party . They currently serve as City Councilmember At-Large for Oakland , California
and finished second in the race for Oakland mayor in the November 2014 election . They previously ran for Oakland mayor in 2010 and placed third .
Career in elected office
Oakland City Councilmember At-Large
Kaplan 's contributions to Oakland policy making have included a focus on budget balancing measures , legislation which eased the permit process for new restaurants , creating a new public transit line downtown , and re-working and passing a law which mandates registration of abandoned and vacant buildings .
Kaplan also championed the Vacant Parcel Tax in Oakland in an effort to resolve Oakland 's growing homeless problem . The tax is levied on Oakland 's property owners with unused and vacant residential & commercial properties .
Budget-balancing measures
In 2009 , Oakland 's budget shortfall ran into the tens of millions , and as a solution , Kaplan proposed Measure F , which raised taxes on medical cannabis businesses . The measure , which dramatically increased taxes on these businesses , was strongly supported by the businesses themselves . Kaplan received national media attention from this initiative , appearing on PBS 's NewsHour and Fox Business Network to discuss it . The measure passed overwhelmingly in a special election . Three other ballot measures , also campaigned for by Kaplan , were passed in a successful effort to balance the year 's budget .
Vacant building registration
Also in 2009 , Kaplan re-designed a failed City Council measure which would require owners of certain vacant properties to register their buildings with the city . Oakland 's vacancy problem had led to rampant use of empty buildings for illegal activities , and earlier in the year , Councilmember Desley Brooks had attempted to pass similar legislation , which had been voted down due to unclear language and an overly aggressive fine regime . Kaplan re-wrote the measure with a simpler scope , and was able to pass it by a wide margin of support .
Cutting ties with ICE
In August 2017 , two Oakland police officers provided traffic assistance to ICE agents as Homeland Security Investigations served a federal search warrant in West Oakland regarding a human trafficking investigation that involves children leading to the detainment of two men , neither ever having been convicted nor charged with a crime . Fearing that residents would experience a chilling effect from the incident and would be less willing to call on police for support , Kaplan proposed a resolution upholding the city 's sanctuary city status by stipulating that the Oakland Police Department be prevented from colluding and assisting with ICE . According to a statement from Kaplan , `` The head of ICE has made public statements that have helped make it more clear that ICE is not actually focusing on solving serious and violent crime , but is focused on being part of ( President Donald ) Trump 's political vendetta . '' Co-sponsored by Councilwoman Desley Brooks , the resolution passed city council unanimously .
Oakland Athletics
In the fall of 2019 , as a member of the Oakland City Council , Kaplan contributed to an effort to sue Alameda County over the approved $ 85 million sale of the land currently housing the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum and Oakland Arena to the Oakland Athletics . The city argued it was not given a real opportunity to buy the county 's share of the land , despite Oakland not having adequate money to purchase the site . This is broadly seen as an attempt to derail the Oakland Athletic 's plan to construct a privately financed new stadium at the Howard Terminal site that would keep the Athletics in the San Francisco Bay Area . The plan the Athletics put forward includes major revitalization projects at both the Howard Terminal and Coliseum sites , including the construction of affordable housing , restaurants , retail , small business space and public gathering spaces .
Due to the abrupt nature of the lawsuit and the fact that the plan was backed by city leaders , A 's President Dave Kaval said that the team was “ completely blindsided ” and “ very disappointed ” by the city 's lawsuit . Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf , who said they hope the city “ suspends ” the suit , stated “ Our city and county governments should work with each other , not against each other , I hope the council suspends this suit so we can all collaborate together on a beneficial future for the Coliseum . '' Oakland City Councilman Larry Reid stated that Rob Manfred , the Commissioner of Baseball , told Oakland leaders that “ Bay Area fans will soon be going to Las Vegas to see the Raiders and that unless things changed , Bay Area fans may be going to Las Vegas or elsewhere to see the A 's as well. ” A few weeks after the lawsuit was filed , Governor Gavin Newsom signed into law two bills , AB1191 and SB293 , designed to move the new Howard Terminal ballpark forward .
Election history
In November 2008 , Kaplan won their current post in a run-off election against BART executive Kerry Hamill
by a margin of 62 % to 37 % , with Kaplan receiving a total of 82,531 votes to Hamill 's 50,387 . They succeeded Henry Chang , Jr. , against whom Kaplan had campaigned unsuccessfully in 2000 .
Kaplan previously served as the Member At-Large on the Alameda – Contra Costa Transit Board of Directors , elected unopposed in 2002 and re-elected in 2006 . In this post , they represented 1.5 million residents of western Alameda and Contra Costa counties .
In 2000 Kaplan ran for Oakland city council registered with the Green Party , an affiliation held until they switched to the Democratic Party in 2008 .
In April 2010 Kaplan formed a campaign committee to explore running for Oakland mayor . In the November election Kaplan placed third in ranked choice balloting after winner Jean Quan and runner-up Don Perata .
Kaplan ran again for Oakland mayor in 2014 , coming in second in the ranked choice ballot to councilwoman Libby Schaaf .
Personal life
Kaplan is bisexual , and has been identified as a lesbian in the press .
References
External links
Kaplan at Oakland Wiki
American women lawyers
American civil rights lawyers
Oakland City Council members
LGBT city councillors from the United States
Women city councillors in California
California Democrats
Jewish American people in California politics
Bisexual politicians
Stanford Law School alumni
LGBT people from the San Francisco Bay Area
LGBT Jews
1970 births
Living people
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
21st-century American Jews
The 1950 Jordan League was the 6th season of Jordan League . Al-Ahli won its 3rd title .
Overview
Al-Ahli won the championship .
References
External links
Jordan Football Association website
RSSSF
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
George Arthur Skelhorn , also spelt Skelhorne ( – 15 April 1931 ) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1910s and 1920s . They played at representative level for Great Britain , England and Lancashire , and at club level for Warrington ( Heritage № 176 ) , as a , i.e . number 8 or 10 , during the era of contested scrums . Skelhorn is an inductee in the Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame .
Skelhorn was selected to go on the 1920 Great Britain Lions tour of Australasia . They won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1920 against Australia , New Zealand ( 3 matches ) , and in 1921-22 against Australia ( 3 matches ) .
Skelhorn won caps for England while at Warrington in 1921 against Australia , in 1922 against Wales , and in 1923 against Wales .
Arthur Skelhorn made their début for Warrington on Saturday 28 January 1911 , and they played their last match for Warrington Saturday 21 March 1925 .
Warrington Wolves announced heritage numbers for the club 's players . All players who have represented the club at first-team level since the breakaway from the Rugby Football Union have been placed in chronological order , starting with the 15 Wirepullers who took to the field against Hunslet for their first match under Northern Union rules in September 1895 . Arthur Skelhorn is listed at 176 .
Skelhorn was born in December 1885 or January 1886 in Warrington , Lancashire ( now Cheshire ) , the son of Thomas ( a skip and hamper maker ) and Elizabeth Skelhorn . They were baptised 12 January 1886 in nearby Latchford , Cheshire .
References
External links
Hall of Fame at Wire2Wolves.com
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
Arthur Skelhorn , the former…
1880s births
1931 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Rugby league players from Warrington
Rugby league props
Warrington Wolves players
Corybas sulcatus , also known as the grooved helmet-orchid , is one of two helmet orchids endemic to Australia 's subantarctic Macquarie Island , and the second to be discovered . The Latin specific epithet sulcatus means `` grooved ” , with reference to the prominent groove in the labellum boss . It is a small , terrestrial , tuberous , herbaceous plant that forms clonal colonies . The flower is erect , mostly dark red , 25–30 mm long and 10–14 mm wide . The flowering period is November–December . It occurs on the plateau uplands of the island , growing in wet grassy seepage areas . It can be distinguished from the only other orchid on the island , Corybas dienemus , by its dark red flowers .
Conservation status
Macquarie Island is a nature reserve , a World Heritage Site and a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve . However , the orchid is listed as endangered on the Tasmanian Threatened Species Protection Act 1995 because of its restricted distribution , small population ( estimated in 2010 to comprise fewer than 250 mature individual plants ) , and projected decline through ongoing habitat degradation caused by the grazing , digging and burrowing activities of feral rabbits .
References
Notes
Sources
Endemic orchids of Australia
Flora of Macquarie Island
Plants described in 2007
sulcatus
Peter Anok Kabeni is a Sudanese boxer . They competed in the men 's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Bantamweight boxers
Sudanese male boxers
Olympic boxers of Sudan
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Anna Borgqvist ( born 11 June 1992 ) is a Swedish retired ice hockey forward and former member of the Swedish national ice hockey team , currently serving as an assistant coach to AIK Hockey Dam of the Swedish Women 's Hockey League ( SDHL ) .
International career
Borgqvist was selected for the Swedish women 's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics . They played in all six games , scoring two goals and adding two assists .
As of 2014 , Borgqvist has also appeared for Sweden at two IIHF Women 's World Championships . Them first appearance came in 2011 .
Borgqvist made two appearances for the Sweden women 's national under-18 ice hockey team , at the IIHF World Women 's U18 Championships in 2008 and 2009 , including winning a bronze medal in the 2009 event .
Career statistics
Club statistics
Note : Riksserien changed its name to the SDHL in 2016 .
International
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1992 births
People from Växjö
Living people
Swedish Women 's Hockey League coaches
Swedish women 's ice hockey forwards
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
HV71 Dam players
Leksands IF Dam players
Brynäs IF Dam players
Sportspeople from Kronoberg County
Brock Elliot Marion ( born June 11 , 1970 ) is a former American football free safety who played twelve seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) . After playing college football for the University of Nevada , Reno , they were chosen in the seventh round of the 1993 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys . They also played for the Miami Dolphins and the Detroit Lions , and was a three-time Pro Bowler with the Dolphins . They are the son of NFL player Jerry Marion .
Early years
Marion played high school football at West High School , where as a senior they received All-State honor after leading the state with 13 interceptions . They also lettered in basketball and track .
They accepted a scholarship to attend the University of Nevada . They became a four-year starter , leading the secondary in tackles each year . They played cornerback during their first three years , before moving to strong safety as a senior . They finished their career with 303 tackles , 13 interceptions and deflected an additional 44 passes .
After their sophomore season , the University of Nevada earned three consecutive conference titles . In those years they were named All-Big Sky and All-Big West .
In 2006 , they were inducted into the Nevada Athletics Hall of Fame .
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Marion was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the seventh round of the 1993 NFL Draft . As a rookie , they were used as a backup safety and on special teams , where they were third on the team with 19 tackles . The next year , they tied for second on the team with 23 special teams tackles .
They became a starter at free safety in 1995 , replacing James Washington who signed with the Washington Redskins as a free agent . They recorded 114 tackles ( second on the team ) , 6 interceptions ( tied for the second on the team ) and helped the Cowboys win Super Bowl XXX .
In 1996 , they missed 6 games and the playoffs because of a season-ending left scapula injury , finishing with 77 tackles ( fifth on the team ) . They agreed to a four-year contract with the Baltimore Ravens on March 18 , 1997 . After a CT scan revealed that their left scapula injury had not fully healed and the failure to agree on a restructured contract , the Ravens backed out of the deal two days later on March 20 at a press conference originally intended to announce their signing . Marion ended up re-signing with the Cowboys for one year on April 7 . They went on to have 100 tackles , including 19 ( third most in franchise history ) against the Green Bay Packers .
Miami Dolphins
Marion signed as a free agent with the Dolphins in 1998 , reuniting with former head coach Jimmy Johnson . That season , they made 112 tackles ( second on the team ) with no interceptions . In 1999 , they recorded 100 tackles ( third on the team ) and was used as the main kick returner , getting 62 returns for a league leading 1,524 yards ( first in franchise history ) , including a return of 93 yards . The next year , they had 5 interceptions ( tied for second on the team ) and led the team with 109 tackles .
In 2001 , they registered 5 interceptions ( led the team ) and finished third on the team with 97 tackles . they also are named as a first-alternate safety for the Pro Bowl . The next year , they finished with 109 tackles ( second on the team ) and 5 interceptions ( second on the team ) .
In 2003 , they were fourth on the team with 100 tackles and was released after the season in a salary cap move . With the Dolphins , they were a three-time Pro Bowl selection ( 2000 , 2002 and 2003 ) . They left ranking third on the franchise career list in kickoff returns ( 107 ) , kickoff return yards ( 2,517 ) and kickoff return average ( 23.5 ) .
Detroit Lions
Marion signed with the Detroit Lions in 2004 , making 66 tackles , 3 interceptions , and starting 16 games . They were cut in a salary cap move on April 25 , 2005 and was replaced with Terrence Holt as the new starter at free safety .
They retired with 676 career tackles , two quarterback sacks , 31 interceptions for 537 yards and three touchdowns . They also returned 123 kickoffs for 2,951 yards . They are the oldest player with an interception return of 100+ yards ( 31 years , 209 days ) .
Personal life
In 2004 , Marion was arrested in south Florida for insurance fraud . They accepted fraudulent checks in the amounts of $ 54,247.94 from State Farm Insurance .
In 2008 , Marion moved to Portland , Oregon where they opened two franchise locations of the National Personal Trainer Institute .
In 2013 , Marion became the head coach for the football team at St. John Lutheran High School . Their father Jerry Marion played wide receiver for one year with the Pittsburgh Steelers
References
External links
Ranking Best Cowboys Safeties In Franchise History
Miami Dolphins All-Time Top 100 Players
Marion taking over as St. John head football coach
1970 births
Living people
Players of American football from Bakersfield , California
American Conference Pro Bowl players
American football safeties
Nevada Wolf Pack football players
Dallas Cowboys players
Miami Dolphins players
Detroit Lions players
Ward No . 141 , Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No . 15 , covering parts of Badartala and Rajabagan in Garden Reach neighbourhood in the Indian state of West Bengal .
History
The establishment and evolution of Kolkata Municipal Corporation followed a long process starting from around the middle of the 19th century . The Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 and certain steps taken thereafter saw the addition of peripheral areas in the eastern and southern parts of the city to the corporation area . In 1888 , there were 75 commissioners , 50 of whom were elected , 15 appointed by the government and 10 nominated from bodies like Chambers of Commerce , Trades Associations and the Port Commissioners . The Calcutta Municipal Act of 1923 brought about important changes . The adjacent municipalities of Cossipore , Chitpore , Manicktola and Garden Reach , as well as the New Dock Extension area , were amalgamated with Kolkata . Garden Reach was later taken out .
Post-independence developments saw the introduction of adult franchise in municipal elections in 1962 . The number of wards increased from 75 to 100 . Tollygunge was merged with Kolkata in 1953 . The Calcutta Municipal Corporation Act 1980 , which came into effect in 1984 , extended the boundaries of Kolkata by including South Suburban , Garden Reach and Jadavpur municipalities in Kolkata . With the addition of Joka to Kolkata , the number of wards rose to 144 .
Geography
Ward No . 141 is bordered on the north by the southern bank of the Hooghly River ; on the east by a line drawn between southern bank of river Hooghly and Garden Reach Road , Jeliapara Road , Bagdipara Road and Bhaga Khal Road ; on the south by Garden Reach Road , Dr. Abdul Kabir Road , Jeliapara Road and Kailash Mistry Lane ; and on the west by the eastern bank of the Hooghly River .
The ward is served by Rajabagan and Nadial police stations of Kolkata Police .
Watgunge Women police station , located at 16 , Watgunge Street , Kolkata-700023 , covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the Port Division i.e . North Port , South Port , Watgunge , West Port , Garden Reach , Ekbalpur , Nadial , Rajabagan and Metiabruz .
Demographics
As per the 2011 Census of India , Ward No . 141 , Kolkata Municipal Corporation , had a total population of 41,152 , of which 21,452 ( 52 % ) were males and 19,700 ( 48 % ) were females . Population below 6 years was 5,383 . The total number of literates in Ward No . 141 was 26,880 ( 75.15 % of the population over 6 years ) .
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal . The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0 % in 1951 to 86.3 % in the 2011 census .
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level . For district level information see Kolkata district .
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011 , 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district . ( 3 wards were added later ) .
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Metiaburuz ( Vidhan Sabha constituency )
External links
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
Walter Powers may refer to :
Walter Powers ( musician ) , American bass guitarist
Walter Powers ( politician ) ( 1895–1954 ) , accountant and political figure in New Brunswick , Canada
Walter W. Powers , politician in California
Walter Powers II ( 1639–1708 ) , co-founder of Littleton , Massachusetts , ancestor of two Revolutionary War patriots
Ulises Váldez ( born 14 April 1948 ) is a Cuban former cyclist . They competed in the individual road race and the tandem events at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Cuban male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Cuba
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from Villa Clara Province
The Commission on Growth and Development ( informally known as the Growth Commission ) was an independent body chaired by American economist Michael Spence that brought together 22 policy-makers , academics , and business leaders to examine various aspects of economic growth and development .
Launched in 2006 , the Commission set out to take stock of the state of theoretical and empirical knowledge on economic growth with a view to drawing implications for policy for the current and future policymakers . Its work culminated in two publications – The Growth Report : Strategies for Sustained growth and Inclusive Development in May 2008 – and a Special Report on Post Crisis Growth in Developing Countries in October 2009 . Five thematic volumes and nearly 70 working papers were also published by the Commission .
The Growth Commission 's work was sponsored by the governments of Australia , the Netherlands , the United Kingdom , and Sweden , the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation , and the World Bank Group . The group 's activities formally ended in June 2010 .
Commissioners
Montek Ahluwalia ( India ) , Minister of Planning
Edmar Bacha ( Brazil ) , Board member of Banco Itau , former President of the National Bank for Economic and Social Development
Dr. Boediono ( Indonesia ) , Coordinating Minister for Economic Affairs
Lord John Browne ( Great Britain ) , Former CEO , British Petroleum
Kemal Dervis ( Turkey ) , Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme , former Minister of Finance of Turkey
Alejandro Foxley , ( Chile ) , Minister of Foreign Affairs
Han Duck-Soo ( Korea ) , Chairman of the Presidential Committee on Facilitating KORUS FTA Finalization
Goh Chok Tong ( Singapore ) , Senior Minister and Chairman of the Monetary Authority of Singapore
Danuta Huebner ( Poland ) , Member of the European Commission
Carin Jaemtin ( Sweden ) , Former Minister for International Development Cooperation
Pablo Kuczynski ( Peru ) , Former Prime Minister
Danny Leipziger ( USA ) , World Bank , Vice President , PREM
Trevor Manuel ( South Africa ) , Minister of Finance
Mahmoud Mohieldin ( Egypt ) , Minister of Investment
Ngozi N. Okonjo-Iweala ( Nigeria ) , Managing Director , World Bank
Robert Rubin ( USA ) , Director , Chairman of the Executive Committee and Member of the Office of the Chairman of Citigroup , is the former Secretary of the US Treasury
Robert Solow ( USA ) , Professor Emeritus , Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT )
Michael Spence ( USA ) , Nobel Laureate , Chair of the Growth Commission , former Dean of Stanford Graduate Business School
Sir K. Dwight Venner ( Saint Kitts and Nevis , West Indies ) Governor of the Eastern Caribbean Bank
Hiroshi Watanabe ( Japan ) , President and CEO of the Japan Bank for International Cooperation ( JBIC )
Ernesto Zedillo ( Mexico ) , Director of the Yale Center Study of Globalization , former President of Mexico
Zhou Xiaochuan ( China ) , Governor of the People 's Bank of China
References
External links
The Growth Commission Website ( archived )
International development agencies
In business , free agents are people who work independently for themselves , rather than for a single employer . The term free agent is believed to have been coined by Daniel H. Pink , author of a 1997 cover story in Fast Company titled “ Free Agent Nation. ” In 2001 Pink published a book with the same name . The combination of several workplace trends – including shortened job cycles , the increase of project work , the acceptance of a new lifestyle and the emergence of the Internet and other technology – points to free agent workers becoming more of an employment norm in the coming years . In a 2011 survey sponsored by Kelly Services , free agency is on the rise across all generations , with mature workers making up two-thirds of the free agent population . The survey also revealed that 73 % of free agents voluntarily choose this workstyle because they seek the freedom , flexibility and entrepreneurial benefits associated with an independent workstyle .
Effects on Employers
According to Pink and their peers , the free agent trend has measurably benefited numerous U.S. companies . Kinko 's , now FedEx Kinko 's , restructured itself in 1992 in response to the free agent trend , resulting in a $ 214 million investment less than four years later by Clayton , Dubilier & Rice .
See also
Free agent , article on free agency in professional sports
Free trappers
E-lancing
Freelance marketplace
Contingent workforce
References
Employment classifications
Recruitment
Business terms
Silence Lies ( ) is a Canadian drama film , directed by Julie Hivon and released in 2010 . The film stars Suzanne Clément as Viviane Langevin , a photographer who is starved for creative inspiration ever since being disowned by their brother Frédéric ( Sébastien Huberdeau ) following a family dispute , when they meet Guillaume ( Maxime Dumontier ) , a troubled young man who reminds them strongly of their brother .
The cast also includes Sophie Cadieux , Benoît Gouin , Claude Prégent and Pascale Montpetit .
The film was shot in 2009 , primarily in Anjou , and premiered in August 2010 at the Montreal World Film Festival .
The film received two Jutra Award nominations at the 13th Jutra Awards in 2011 , for Best Actress ( Clément ) and Best Cinematography ( Claudine Sauvé ) .
References
External links
2010 films
Canadian drama films
Films shot in Quebec
Films set in Quebec
Quebec films
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
`` V.S.O.P . '' is the debut commercial single by American R & B singer K. Michelle released on May 20 , 2013 as the lead single from Michelle 's debut studio album Rebellious Soul ( 2013 ) . Written by P. Hamilton , W. Felder , A. Wansel , L. Peters , W. Jeffrey , W. Boyd , and E. Powell , the song also features background vocals from R & B/pop singer Kelly Rowland as well as Muni Long who co-wrote the song . The song samples `` Very Special '' by Debra Laws as well as `` That 's How Long '' by The Chi-Lites .
Lyrically , the song speaks of a special relationship between K. Michelle and their love interest , but parallels the relationship with drinking V.S.O.P . Brandy . The song peaked at number 89 on the US Billboard Hot 100 Singles chart and at number 27 on the Hot R & B/Hip-Hop Songs chart . The official remix features American rapper Young Jeezy while other remix versions feature Rick Ross , Jadakiss and August Alsina respectively .
Critical reception
The song received a generally positive review from music critic Andy Kellman of AllMusic . They described the song as being part of `` the best material '' on the album .
Music video
The music video for the song was released on June 29 , 2013 on the BET show 106 & Park and was directed by Benny Boom . It chronicles a troubled relationship between K. Michelle and their lover . The love interest in the video is played by former teen rapper Chi-Ali .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
K. Michelle songs
2013 singles
Atlantic Records singles
Warner Records singles
Music videos directed by Benny Boom
2013 songs
Songs written by Muni Long
Song recordings produced by Pop & Oak
Songs written by Pop Wansel
Songs written by Oak Felder
Saints Secundian ( us ) , Marcellian and Verian ( also known as Secondianus , Marcellianus , and Verianus ) ( ) are venerated as Christian saints . They were martyred in 250 AD near Civitavecchia or Santa Marinella during the persecutions of Decius . Secundian was a senator or some sort of prominent official ; Marcellian and Verian were scholars or students . Their feast day is August 9 .
The names of these saints appear in Jerome 's martyrology under August 9 . The Codex Epternacense indicates that the place of their death was Tuscia ; the Codex Wissemburgense lists the place of death as `` Colonia '' ( not necessarily Cologne ) ; and the Codex Bernense finally specifies the place of death as in Colon ( n ) i Tusciae via miliario Aureliax XV . One scholar has identified this as Colonia Iulia Castrumnovurn , a town in Tuscia , situated on the Aurelian Way , situated near the present-day Santa Marinella ( which is near Civitavecchia ) .
According to one account , they were baptized by a priest named Timotheus ( Timothy ) and confirmed by Pope Sixtus II . By order of Decius , they were arrested by the prefect Valerian and decapitated at Civitavecchia and then their bodies were thrown into the sea . In a second account , the place of their martyrdom was appellatur Coloniacum , qui dicitur Colonia ( `` called Coloniacum , that is to say , Colonia '' ) , which may be Colonia Iulia Castrumnovurn . Their bodies were collected by a man named Deodatus and buried in that place . According to a third account , their cult was localized in the basilica of San Pietro in Tuscania .
The Acts of Felinus and Gratian were based on those of Secundian and their companions . Sabine Baring-Gould writes that `` the so-called Acts of SS . Gratian and Felinus , used as lections in the Arona Passionale , are extracted from the Acts of SS . Florentinus and Companions , martyrs at Perugia commemorated the same day . But these Acts are in their turn not genuine ; they are , in fact , the Acts of SS . Secundianus and Comp . ( August 9 ) . ''
Notes
External links
3rd century saints
Secundian , Marcellian and Verian
Santi Secondiano , Marcelliano e Veriano
Saints trios
250 deaths
3rd-century Christian martyrs
Year of birth unknown
Groups of Christian martyrs of the Roman era
In parallel computing , the fork–join model is a way of setting up and executing parallel programs , such that execution branches off in parallel at designated points in the program , to `` join '' ( merge ) at a subsequent point and resume sequential execution . Parallel sections may fork recursively until a certain task granularity is reached . Fork–join can be considered a parallel design pattern . It was formulated as early as 1963 .
By nesting fork–join computations recursively , one obtains a parallel version of the divide and conquer paradigm , expressed by the following generic pseudocode :
solve ( problem ) :
if problem is small enough :
solve problem directly ( sequential algorithm )
else :
for part in subdivide ( problem )
fork subtask to solve ( part )
join all subtasks spawned in previous loop
return combined results
Examples
The simple parallel merge sort of CLRS is a fork–join algorithm .
mergesort ( A , lo , hi ) :
if lo < hi : // at least one element of input
mid = ⌊lo + ( hi - lo ) / 2⌋
fork mergesort ( A , lo , mid ) // process ( potentially ) in parallel with main task
mergesort ( A , mid , hi ) // main task handles second recursion
join
merge ( A , lo , mid , hi )
The first recursive call is `` forked off '' , meaning that its execution may run in parallel ( in a separate thread ) with the following part of the function , up to the that causes all threads to synchronize . While the may look like a barrier , it is different because the threads will continue to work after a barrier , while after a only one thread continues .
The second recursive call is not a fork in the pseudocode above ; this is intentional , as forking tasks may come at an expense . If both recursive calls were set up as subtasks , the main task would not have any additional work to perform before being blocked at the .
Implementations
Implementations of the fork–join model will typically fork tasks , fibers or lightweight threads , not operating-system-level `` heavyweight '' threads or processes , and use a thread pool to execute these tasks : the fork primitive allows the programmer to specify potential parallelism , which the implementation then maps onto actual parallel execution . The reason for this design is that creating new threads tends to result in too much overhead .
The lightweight threads used in fork–join programming will typically have their own scheduler ( typically a work stealing one ) that maps them onto the underlying thread pool . This scheduler can be much simpler than a fully featured , preemptive operating system scheduler : general-purpose thread schedulers must deal with blocking for locks , but in the fork–join paradigm , threads only block at the join point .
Fork–join is the main model of parallel execution in the OpenMP framework , although OpenMP implementations may or may not support nesting of parallel sections . It is also supported by the Java concurrency framework , the Task Parallel Library for .NET , and Intel 's Threading Building Blocks ( TBB ) . The Cilk programming language has language-level support for fork and join , in the form of the spawn and sync keywords , or cilk_spawn and cilk_sync in Cilk Plus .
See also
MapReduce
Task parallelism
Work stealing
References
External links
A Primer on Scheduling Fork–Join Parallelism with Work Stealing
Fork-Join Merge Sort ( Java )
Parallel computing
The 2014 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place from 14 to 17 March 2014 at the Maurice-Richard Arena in Montreal , Quebec , Canada . They were the 39th World Short Track Speed Skating Championships , the fifth to be held in Canada and the third to be held in Montreal .
Results
The Overall World Champion is determined by adding the points received by the athletes taking part in the final of each event ; points are not awarded for any races other than the event finals .
For each final race : 34 points are awarded for first place , 21 points for second place , 13 points for third place , 8 points for fourth place , 5 points for fifth place , 3 points for sixth place , 2 points for seventh place , and 1 point is awarded for eighth place . In the 3000 m super-final , an additional 5 points are awarded to the athlete who is leading the race after the first 1000 m. The relay events do not count towards the overall classification .
The athlete with the second most points wins the overall silver medal , and the next highest point scorer wins overall bronze .
Men
Women
Medal table
References
External links
Results book
World Short Track Speed Skating Championships
World Short Track Championships
Sports competitions in Montreal
International speed skating competitions hosted by Canada
World Short Track Championships
World Short Track Championships
Bruce Hunter ( born 1961 ) is a Canadian actor and comedian from Calgary , Alberta . They have appeared in television shows such as Puppets Who Kill and The Red Green Show . Hunter received a Canadian Comedy Awards nomination in 2002 for their work on the television series After Hours . They voice the king of Happily-Ever-Afterville on the PBS show Cyberchase .
They are a member of the internationally renowned comedy troupe Illustrated Men along with David Huband and Adrian Truss .
Hunter also voiced X-5 on the Teletoon and Cartoon Network show Atomic Betty .
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian comedy writers
Canadian male comedians
Male actors from Calgary
Writers from Calgary
Comedians from Alberta
Canadian Comedy Award winners
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ngong ( ) is a diocese located in the city of Ngong in the Ecclesiastical province of Nairobi in Kenya .
History
20 October 1959 : Established as Apostolic Prefecture of Ngong from Metropolitan Archdiocese of Nairobi and Diocese of Kisumu
9 December 1976 : Promoted as Diocese of Ngong
Leadership
Prefects Apostolic of Ngong ( Roman rite )
Father Joannes de Reeper , M.H.M . ( 1960–1964 ) , appointed Bishop of Kisumu
Father Colin Cameron Davies , M.H.M . ( 1964–1976 ) ; see below
Bishops of Ngong ( Roman rite )
Bishop Colin Cameron Davies , M.H.M . ( 1976–2002 ) ; see above
Bishop Cornelius Schilder , M.H.M . ( 2002–2009 )
Bishop John Oballa Owaa ( 2012- )
See also
Roman Catholicism in Kenya
Very Rev . Fr . John Oballa Owaa named the New Bishop of Ngong Diocese , Kenya on 7 January 2012 . The diocese had been vacant since the resignation of Bishop Cornelius Schilder , M.H.M . in August 2009 . Bishop-elect John Oballa Owaa has up to this date been the Rector of St. Thomas Aquinas Seminary , Nairobi - Kenya . This message was received with joy and gladness by the Seminary Staff and the Seminarians . They were Ordained a priest of Kisumu ( Arch-Diocese ) , Kenya on 28 August 1986 . Bishop-elect John Oballa Owaa will be consecrated on 14 April 2012 .
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Kenya
Christian organizations established in 1959
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Nairobi
A Capital Development Authority is a kind of entity found in various countries that is concerned with the municipal development of the capital city or capital territory of that country . Examples include :
Capital Development Authority ( Islamabad ) : the Capital Development Authority of Islamabad , the capital of Pakistan
Capital Development Authority ( Dodoma ) : the Capital Development Authority of Dodoma , the capital of Tanzania ,
Rajdhani Unnayan Kartripakkha , or RAJUK , the Capital Development Authority of Dhaka , the capital of Bangladesh
Federal Capital Development Authority of Abuja , the capital of Nigeria
Surjo Tumi Sathi ( ; English : Sun , You Are My Companion ) is the first novel by Ahmed Sofa . It was published in 1967 .
Synopsis
The story of the novel revolves around a village in Chittagong . Hashim , son of a converted Muslim father Harimohon has been through oppression for their whole life . They hardly support their family . Kholu Matobbor , the source of power and oppression of the village controls the whole village . Communal behavior village people have been shown very cruelly in this novel . Hashim 's grandmother can not visit them freely because of difference in religion . However , after Sufia 's death humanity wins since their grandmother finds their deserted child 's reflection in Hashim 's baby .
Characters
Hashim , central character
Sufia , Hashim ' w wife
Kholu Matobbor , tyrannical character
and many more
Reception
The book was written in 1964-65 and in the year 1967 it was published . Sofa themselves considered it to be their masterpiece . Professor Abul Fazal said about this novel , “ This much artistic maturity at such a young age is beyond my imagination . ”
References
Bangladeshi novels
Bengali-language novels
1967 novels
Ben Bamfuchile ( 12 April 1960 – 27 December 2007 ) , also known as Ben Pabili , was a Zambian football defender and coach . Bamfuchile played for the Nkana Red Devils in the 1980s and later coached the same team , as well as the Zambia national football team from 1998 to 2000 , holding the distinction of qualifying Zambia to the 2000 African Cup of Nations with the best record amongst all the teams of 5 wins and a draw in the 6 qualifying games . Bamfuchile also coached Namibia and therefore coached and led two different teams to the African Cup of Nations ; the Zambia national football team in the 2000 African Cup of Nations , and the Namibia national football team in 2008 . They managed Namibia from 2006 until their death .
Playing career
Bamfuchile started out by playing for youth teams Chamboli and Luanshiba in Kitwe before joining Nkana Red Devils then known as Rhokana United in 1977 . They made their debut for Nkana that same year at right-back in a match against Green Buffaloes in Lusaka which Nkana lost 2–1 . According to Bamfuchile , they found it hard to cope with the pace and faked an injury in the 2nd minute but was quickly forced back on by the coaching bench .
For some unclear reason , Bamfuchile was known as Ben Pabili when they were a defender at Nkana alongside players like Jericho Shinde , Fighton Simukonda , Kapambwe Mulenga and Michael Chabala . They scored a career three goals for Nkana and was part of the great Devils team that dominated Zambian league soccer in the 80s and early 90s winning a record 11 titles including 1983 when they finished the season without losing a single league game .
Bamfuchile also made a handful of appearances for the national team and was part of the victorious squad that won the 1984 Confederation of East & Central Africa Football Association ( CECAFA ) Cup in Uganda though they were not a regular as they fell behind other defenders such as Jones Chilengi , John 'Butcher ' Mwanza and Fighton Simukonda . Pabili made another appearance at the CECAFA the following year in Zimbabwe where Zambia failed to defend their title and they scored a goal in Zambia 's 2–2 draw with Malawi .
While in their prime , Bamfuchile was at the age of 29 asked by the Nkana management team to stop playing football and embark on a coaching career as the then Nkana head coach Moses Simwala was experiencing poor health . They got the nod ahead of players who had had more illustrious careers such as former Zambia stars Emmanuel Mwape and Jericho Shinde .
Coaching career
Bamfuchile began their coaching career in 1990 as an assistant under Simwala , the man they described as their mentor . When Simwala died in 1992 , Bamfuchile took over as head coach and went about purging the older players who were living on past glory . The Red Devils changed their name to Nkana Football Club and swept almost all the silverware that year . They later left Nkana and coached in Swaziland and South Africa but later returned to coach Power Dynamos .
After Zambia 's disastrous CAN 1998 outing in Burkina Faso where coach Bukhard Ziese was 'suspended ' and George Mungwa was installed as caretaker coach for Zambia 's final group game but they expressed no interest in having the job on a permanent basis . Obby Kapita took charge for 3 games and then Fighton Simukonda also coached the team on a temporary basis for 5 games , winning that year 's COSAFA cup with a 1–0 victory in Zimbabwe . Simukonda was however brought down to earth when Zambia drew their opening CAN 2000 qualification game with a 1–1 draw with Congo DR in Lusaka .
FAZ then appointed Bamfuchile as coach and Zambia won all the remaining games , including a 1–0 victory away to Congo DR where Zambia had never won before , finishing the qualifiers with the best record in Africa .
Bamfuchile also took charge of the U-23 team during the Africa Games in Johannesburg in 1999 , losing the first game 4–1 to Cameroun but recovering to reach the final where they lost to Cameroun again but this time on penalties after a goalless draw and Zambia went away with the silver medal .
However , it was not all plain-sailing and the cracks started appearing when Zambia lost a COSAFA Cup game 1–0 to Angola earning Bamfuchile the dubious distinction of being the coach who lost Zambia 's record of not losing a home game for 14 years . In the run-up to the CAN 2000 , Bamfuchile worked in difficult circumstances as the Zambian Football Association ( FAZ ) was at loggerheads with the government over misappropriation of funds for the previous CAN tournament . As a result , funding to the national team was cut off and Bamfuchile worked under very trying conditions , going without being paid for months on end .
As a result , Zambia 's preparations for the CAN 2000 were shambolic , including a 7–1 humiliation to lowly Honduras after which it was revealed that the team had had to survive on junk food before the game . The tour to the Americas was cut short and the team returned home .
Zambia started their CAN 2000 campaign with a 2–0 capitulation to Egypt and two lacklustre draws against Burkina Faso and Senegal promptly ending their interest in the tournament . Fans bayed for Bamfuchile 's blood citing among other reasons and rather unfairly , Bamfuchile 's laid back approach against Egypt where they appeared to be seated throughout the game and not making any changes when Zambia were chasing the game . Bamfuchile 's explanation that they did not want to disturb the rhythm of the team was treated with scorn .
FAZ soon bowed to the fans pressure , revealing that Bamfuchile would be sent on leave to enable them attend a coaching course in Europe and an expatriate coach would take their place . George Mungwa took charge of the team for a while until Dutchman Jan Brouwer was appointed although Bamfuchile remarked that the course they were embarking on the European B coaching licence was something they already had and it was like their employers only wanted them to go and pass time in Europe . Bamfuchile was also engaged in a legal battle with their former employers over unpaid wages until FAZ settled what they owed him .
Bamfuchile attained this qualification after 6 months and returned to coaching Power Dynamos . When Zambia under Patrick Phiri failed to make it to the 2004 Cup of Nations in Tunisia , Kalusha Bwalya was appointed coach of Zambia in 2003 , they picked Bamfuchile as their assistant and though the team missed out on World Cup qualification , they made it to the 2006 Cup of Nations where Zambia only managed a lone victory over South Africa and lost to Tunisia and Guinea and bowed out of the tournament early .
When Kalusha Bwalya was forced to resign soon after – in part due to the poor performance at the Nations ' Cup but also due to their holding of two positions in the FAZ , that of national coach and Vice-President of the association which was against the FAZ constitution – the FAZ took their time in announcing who would be the new coach . When it became apparent that they were not going to be offered the job , Bamfuchile accepted an offer from the Namibian FA to take over as coach of the Brave Warriors . They quickly went about improving the team 's fortunes , instilling some much-needed discipline in the ranks .
By the end of the 2008 African Nations Cup qualification campaign , Namibia had won their group and Bamfuchile became a hero after they led the Namibians to a 3–2 victory over Ethiopia .
However , they threatened to resign from their position and return to their native Zambia in early December 2007 after claiming the Namibian FA had not treated them with respect by not honouring the terms and conditions of their contract , such as providing them with a vehicle and paying them their salary on time .
Death
Bamfuchile first fell ill during the COSAFA mini-tournament in Namibia in August 2007 and their assistant Ronnie Kanelelo took over the reins as Namibia crashed out . Although they recovered to guide the team through the Nations Cup qualifiers , they still had health problems and the Namibian FA went about finding a coach to take the team to the Nations Cup in case their ill-health persisted .
Bamfuchile died at a clinic in Kitwe on 27 December 2007 , just 3 weeks before the start of the 2008 African Cup of Nations , leaving behind a wife Tina and 6 children . At their burial FAZ President Teddy Mulonga described them as a hero who achieved their goals .
References
External links
BBC News : Bamfuchile dies in Zambia
Ex-Namibia coach passes away
Namibia out to honor fallen coach Bamfuchile
1960 births
2007 deaths
Association football defenders
Zambian footballers
Zambia international footballers
Nkana F.C . players
Zambian football managers
Namibia national football team managers
Zambia national football team managers
2000 African Cup of Nations managers
The Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Innovation is a junior position in the Department of Health and Social Care in the British government . It is currently held by The 5th Baron Bethell , MP , who took the office on 9 March 2020 .
Responsibilities
The minister is responsible for the following :
COVID-19 :
supply ( medicines and testing )
treatments and vaccines
long-term health impacts
test and trace : testing , trace , technology
life sciences
medicines
research
health protection
anti-microbial resistance
global health security
international diplomacy and relations
data and technology
rare diseases
NHS security management , including cybersecurity
blood and transplants and organ donation
List of ministers
References
Politics of the United Kingdom
Okçular is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 1069 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
Abhay Daanam is a Charitable bird and animal hospital that has been working since 2016 . They have a team of veterinary doctors and other staff , and provide free ambulance and medicines services .
Background
The founders , trustees , and volunteers of Abhay Daanam follow the beliefs of Jainism , such as compassion to all living beings . They opened their first bird rescue centre in Indirapuram , Ghaziabad U.P Bharat . Later they started rescuing large animals by opening their second shelter in Village Sunpura , Noida extension ( U.P ) , Bharat .
Now they have established their shelters in three parts of Bharat and one outside Bharat
Indirapuram , Ghaziabad ( U.P )
Village Sunpura , Greater Noida ( U.P )
Tirthankar Leni , Shahada ( Maharashtra )
Kotugoda , Colombo , ( Sri Lanka )
Currently they have two ambulances .
Demonstration
Abhay Daanam initiated a demonstration at Jantar Mantar , New Delhi by the name `` Manja Kills '' , about the pain and suffering of birds caused by flying kites on the events like Makar Sankranti , and Independence Day .
See also
Animal welfare and rights in India
References
Veterinary hospitals
Veterinary medicine in India
In programming jargon , Yoda conditions ( also called Yoda notation ) is a programming style where the two parts of an expression are reversed from the typical order in a conditional statement . A Yoda condition places the constant portion of the expression on the left side of the conditional statement .
Yoda conditions are part of the coding standards for Symfony and WordPress .
Origin
The name for this programming style is derived from the Star Wars character Yoda , who speaks English with a non-standard syntax ( e.g. , `` When nine hundred years old you reach , look as good you will not. '' ) . Thomas M. Tuerke claims to have coined the term Yoda notation and first published it online in 2006 . According to him , the term Yoda condition was later popularized by Félix Cloutier in 2010 .
Example
Usually a conditional statement would be written as :
if ( $ value == 42 ) { / * ... * / }
// Reads like : `` If the value equals 42 ... ''
Yoda conditions describe the same expression , but reversed :
if ( 42 == $ value ) { / * ... * / }
// Reads like : `` If 42 equals the value ... ''
Advantage
Error detections
Placing the constant value in the expression does not change the behavior of the program ( unless the values evaluate to false—see below ) . In programming languages that use a single equals sign ( = ) for assignment and not for comparison , a possible mistake is to assign a value unintentionally instead of writing a conditional statement .
if ( myNumber = 42 ) { / * ... * / }
// This assigns 42 to myNumber instead of evaluating the desired condition
Using Yoda conditions :
if ( 42 = myNumber ) { / * ... * / }
// A syntax error this is and compile it will not
Since 42 is a constant and can not be changed , this error will be caught by the compiler .
Boolean myBoolean = true ;
if ( myBoolean = null ) { / * ... * / }
// This causes a NullPointerException in Java Runtime , but legal in compilation .
Avoiding some types of unsafe null behavior
Yoda conditions help with unsafe behavior in some situations .
String myString = null ;
if ( myString.equals ( `` foobar '' ) ) { / * ... * / }
// This causes a NullPointerException in Java
With Yoda conditions :
String myString = null ;
if ( `` foobar '' .equals ( myString ) ) { / * ... * / }
// False this is , as expect you should
Criticism
Yoda conditions are criticized for compromising readability by increasing the cognitive load of reading the code .
Some programming languages ( such as Swift , Kotlin and versions of Python below 3.8 ) do not allow variable assignments within conditionalsfor example by requiring that assignments do not return a value , or by defining as part of their grammar the invariant that conditions can not contain assignment statementsin which case this error is impossible to encounter ( that is , it would be detected as a syntax error by the parser prior to a program ever being allowed to enter into runtime ) . Many compilers produce a warning for code such as if ( myNumber = 42 ) ( e.g. , the GCC -Wall option warns suggest parentheses around assignment used as truth value ) , which alerts the programmer to the likely mistake . In dynamic languages like JavaScript , linters such as ESLint can warn on assignment inside a conditional . Python 3.8 introduced assignment expressions , but uses the walrus operator : = instead of a regular equal sign ( = ) to avoid bugs which simply confuse == with = .
The advantage of avoiding null behavior can also be considered a disadvantage , as null pointer errors can be hidden and only appear much later in the program .
Another disadvantage appears in C++ when comparing non-basic types as the == is an operator and there may not be a suitable overloaded operator function defined . Example : a Microsoft 's CComBSTR compare against a string literal , written as if ( L '' Hello '' == cbstrMessage ) , does not map to an overload function .
References
External links
united-coders.com : What are Yoda Conditions ? Examples in Java
Yoda conditions very harmful seems to be How this technique can do much more harm than good
Computer jargon
Conditional constructs
Computer programming
WordPress
A cricket tournament , played as part of the 1900 Summer Olympics , took place on 19–20 August at the Vélodrome de Vincennes . The only match of the tournament was played between teams representing Great Britain and France and was won by 158 runs by Great Britain . The team for the French club included at least 11 British nationals , two of whom were born in France , and it is considered a mixed team .
Originally , teams representing Belgium , France , Great Britain , and the Netherlands were scheduled to compete in a knockout tournament .
After Belgium and the Netherlands withdrew , this left Great Britain to play France in a one-off match . Neither team was nationally selected : the British side was a touring club , the Devon and Somerset Wanderers ( alias Devon County Wanderers ) , while the French team , the French Athletic Club Union , comprised mainly British expatriates living in Paris .
The two-day game commenced on 19 August 1900 . Great Britain batted first and scored 117 , and bowled France out for 78 . Great Britain then scored 145 for 5 in their second innings and declared , setting the hosts a target of 185 to win . The tourists bowled out France for 26 to win the match by 158 runs , a significant margin , but with only five minutes of the match remaining . The Great Britain team was awarded silver medals and the French team bronze medals , together with miniature statues of the Eiffel Tower .
This was the only Olympiad where cricket was part of the official programme . All events which were restricted to amateurs , open to all nations , open to all competitors , and without handicapping , are now regarded as Olympic events ( except for ballooning ) . The IOC has never decided which events were `` Olympic '' and which were not .
Background
Cricket had been scheduled as an event at the first modern Olympics , the 1896 Summer Olympics , being listed in the original programme for the Athens Games , but due to insufficient entries , the event was cancelled .
Four years later , at the Paris Games , there was also a shortage of entries : Belgium and the Netherlands withdrew from the cricket tournament .
Their withdrawal left only Great Britain and the host nation , France , to participate .
The slightly haphazard nature of the cricket tournament was mirrored throughout the rest of the 1900 Olympics : events took place throughout a six-month period from May through until October , and like the Games themselves , were often considered part of the Exposition Universelle , a world 's fair held in Paris from 15 April until 12 November 1900 .
Team selection
Neither side was nationally selected , nor representative . Great Britain , or England as they were called in the advertising handbills , were represented by a touring club side , the Devon and Somerset Wanderers . The side , formed by William Donne in 1894 for a tour of the Isle of Wight , had completed five other tours before travelling to France . The Wanderers were primarily formed from players of Castle Cary Cricket Club , five of whom played in the match , and also included four former pupils of Blundell 's School , a public school in Devon . The side was completed by a number of players from the surrounding areas who were able to get away from business and personal commitments for the two-week period of the tour . Writing in the Journal of Olympic History , Ian Buchanan describes that both sides `` were made up of distinctly average club cricketers '' . Only two members of the Wanderers side , and none of the French side , played first-class cricket . Montagu Toller played six times for Somerset County Cricket Club , all in 1897 , while Alfred Bowerman played for Somerset once in 1900 , and again in 1905 .
The French side was officially drawn from all the member clubs of the Union des Sociétés Françaises de Sports Athlétiques . Few of these clubs actually sported cricket teams , and so the eventual side was selected from just two clubs : the Union Club and the Standard Athletic Club . Both sides had strong English influences , and the majority of the team that competed for France in the Olympic match were British expatriates . The Standard Athletic Club had been formed ten years earlier by English workers who had moved to the country to help build the Eiffel Tower .
Match
Summary
The match had been intended to be a standard eleven-a-side contest , but by mutual agreement from the captains this was increased to twelve-a-side , a move which the scorecard printers had not expected : extra name had to be added by hand .
Play commenced at 11:00AM on Sunday , 19 August , with the touring Wanderers batting first . They were bowled out for 117 , with only four members of the team reaching double figures . Frederick Cuming , one of the four Old Blundellians , top-scored for the side with 38 , followed by their captain , and Exeter Cricket Club opening batsman , C. B. K. Beachcroft with 23 . The French were then bowled out for 78 , the bowling led by Frederick Christian who claimed seven wickets . Play closed at 5:00PM after both sides had completed their first innings , and the Wanderers had a lead of 39 runs . The Wanderers batting improved the following morning , and they added 145 runs for the second innings , declaring their innings closed with five wickets down . Beachcroft was again successful , reaching a half-century , a feat also achieved by Bowerman , who top-scored with 59 runs .
The French required 185 runs to win , but lost their first ten wickets for eleven runs . At this point they attempted to play out time , which would have meant the match was drawn . The match was just five minutes from the end when their eleventh , and final , wicket fell , granting the Wanderers a 158-run victory .
Toller was the pick of the Wanderers bowlers in the second innings , claiming seven wickets and conceding nine runs .
After the match , the English side were awarded silver medals , and the French side were given bronze medals , and both teams were also given miniature statues of the Eiffel Tower . The match was not covered in any national newspapers in England or France , although some of the local Devon and West Country newspapers did publish reports .
Scorecard
Scorecard notes
a . The published total in the French Athletic Club Union 's first innings is two more than the totals of the batsmen 's runs and the extras .
b . Bowling details for overs , maidens and runs conceded are unavailable with the exception of runs conceded in the French Athletic Club Union 's second innings , where some information has been recorded .
Aftermath
The Devon and Somerset Wanderers played two further matches during their tour of France , both one-day contests , and won them both . They were not impressed by the French , whom a journalist at the time described as `` too excitable to enjoy the game '' .
Neither of the teams realised that they had competed in the Olympic Games , as the match had been advertised as part of the world 's fair . Although the IOC has never decided which events were `` Olympic '' and which were not , the medals won by the teams were later upgraded to gold for Great Britain and silver for France .
A scheduled cricket competition at the 1904 Summer Olympics , held in St. Louis , was cancelled at short notice due to a lack of entries and facilities : the sport has not been included in the Olympic Games since .
As the match was 12-a-side , and scheduled for only two days , it does not have first-class status ; despite this , it was the also only international cricket match played that year .
Medalists
See also
List of Olympic venues in discontinued events
Notes and references
References
Notes
External links
www.icc-cricket.com
Marylebone Cricket Club
Discontinued sports at the Summer Olympics
USS Araner was a wooden-hulled auxiliary ketch , designed by Jack Hanna , built in 1926 at Essex , Massachusetts by the Arthur D. Story Shipyards , and acquired by motion picture director John Ford in June 1934 . Originally named Faith , they were refurbished and renamed Araner in honor of the Aran Islands , whence Ford 's family had come .
During the 1930s , the yacht served as a place where Ford could escape the bustle of Hollywood in the company of friends , including John Wayne , Ward Bond , Maureen O'Hara , Preston Foster and Wingate Smith . Ford kept the yacht moored at Santa Catalina Island . During the winter months , Ford would take the yacht down to Mexico with their male friends including Wayne and Bond .
The film director was appointed a Lieutenant Commander in the United States Navy Reserve in September 1934 and , according to one of their biographers , used Araner off Baja California for intelligence-gathering operations . In 1940 , the commandant of the 11th Naval District commended Ford for their `` … initiative in securing valuable information… '' on that region .
After they were recalled to active duty in the summer of 1941 , Ford had little use for their yacht . Shortly thereafter , America 's entry into World War II in December 1941 prompted the United States Navy to acquire many private vessels and Araner was among them , for local patrol duties . Taken over on a bareboat charter on 27 January 1942 , Araner was delivered to the Navy at the section base at San Diego , California . Classified as a miscellaneous auxiliary and given the designation IX-57 , they were placed in service on 26 February 1942 . Assigned initially to the 11th Naval District and then , on 23 July 1942 , to the Western Sea Frontier , the ketch operated out of San Diego , under sail power for much of the time , patrolling off Guadalupe and San Clemente Islands .
Transferred back to the 11th Naval District forces upon completion of their duties under the Commander , Western Sea Frontier , Araner was laid up at the Naval Frontier Base San Diego on 1 May 1944 ; and their crew transferred to YAG-6 . Delivered to Mrs. John Ford on 12 July 1944 , Araner was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 14 October 1944 .
Ford continued to use the yacht until their rising operating expenses prompted them to sell their circa 1971 . Acquired by Fran M. Dimond , of Honolulu , the craft retained their name into 1974 , when they were bought by the San Marino Travel Service . Still homeported at Honolulu , they were given back their original name , Faith in , or about , 1975 . Renamed again , to Windjammer , a short time later , they were acquired by the Guam Rent-a-Car Company and served as a tourist-carrying craft into the early 1980s . They resumed the name Araner in 1988 , still homeported Honolulu .
References
Sources
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in Essex , Massachusetts
Sailing ships of the United States
1926 ships
Tradersville is an unincorporated community in Somerford Township , Madison County , Ohio , United States . It is located at .
As of 1875 , Tradersville contained one dry goods and grocery store , a post office , and a blacksmith shop .
The Tradersville Post office was established on March 2 , 1848 and discontinued on January 19 , 1883 . It was then reestablished on January 24 , 1900 , and discontinued yet again on August 31 , 1901 . The mail service is now sent through the London branch .
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County , Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Édouard Michut ( born 4 March 2003 ) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for EFL Championship club Sunderland , on loan from Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain .
Club career
Early career
Born in Aix-les-Bains in southeastern France , Michut played for FC Le Chesnay 78 from September 2009 to October 2011 . They then moved to Versailles , which they stayed at until June 2015 , before joining the academy of Paris Saint-Germain in July 2016 . They have been named the `` new Verratti '' ( and also by some as `` new Messi '' ) in France due to their technical ability and tactical versatility , and has attracted the attention of major clubs , namely Manchester City , Juventus , Barcelona and Valencia .
Paris Saint-Germain
On 23 July 2020 , Michut signed their first professional contract with Paris Saint-Germain ( PSG ) , a deal lasting until 2023 . They made their debut in a 4–0 Ligue 1 win over Dijon on 27 February 2021 , coming on as a substitute for Danilo Pereira at the 89th minute of the match . On 18 June 2021 , Michut extended their contract with PSG to 2025 .
On 18 August 2021 , Michut was sent back to train with the under-19 squad coached by Zoumana Camara . They made their first appearance of the 2021–22 season as a substitute in a 3–0 Coupe de France win over Feignies Aulnoye on 19 December , and made their first professional start in a 4–0 win over Vannes on 3 January 2022 in the same competition . On 9 January 2022 , Michut made their first league appearance of the season , coming on as a substitute for Ander Herrera in a 1–1 draw away to Lyon . In the match , they recorded their first career assist , a pass for Thilo Kehrer 's 76th-minute equalizer . At the age of 18 years and 311 days , they became the youngest player to contribute an assist for Paris Saint-Germain since Kylian Mbappé ( 18 years and 298 days ) in a match against Dijon on 14 October 2017 . On 20 April 2022 , Michut received a red card in a 3–0 win over Angers . After having been tackled , they struck Romain Thomas 's tibia `` on accident '' according to PSG manager Mauricio Pochettino . By participating in five league matches for Paris Saint-Germain in the 2021–22 season , Michut became a Ligue 1 champion .
On 6 July 2022 , a meeting was scheduled at the Camp des Loges between Michut and Luís Campos , PSG 's new Football Advisor , to discuss the player 's future at the club . However , Michut did not show up to the meeting . They had not been named in the club 's squad for the start of pre-season on 4 July , and had instead been placed in a separate session for youth players starting on 12 July . A new meeting between Michut and Campos occurred on 7 July , in which Campos gave Michut a warning due to their behavior . Before the end of the meeting , Michut was made to sign a paper acting as a call to order .
Loan to Sunderland
On 31 August 2022 , Michut joined EFL Championship club Sunderland on a season-long loan deal , with the club holding an option to make the deal permanent at the end of the season .
International career
Michut is a youth international for France , representing their nation at under-16 , under-17 , and under-19 level .
Personal life
Michut 's younger brother , Étienne , signed an “ aspiring ” youth contract with PSG in April 2021 .
Career statistics
Honours
Paris Saint-Germain
Ligue 1 : 2021–22
References
External links
2003 births
Living people
French footballers
People from Aix-les-Bains
Sportspeople from Savoie
Footballers from Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Association football midfielders
FC Versailles 78 players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C . players
Sunderland A.F.C . players
Ligue 1 players
France youth international footballers
French expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
French expatriate sportspeople in England
Schickendantziella is a plant genus in the Amaryllidaceae . It has only one species , Schickendantziella trichosepala , native to Argentina and Bolivia .
References
Allioideae
Flora of Argentina
Flora of Bolivia
Monotypic Amaryllidaceae genera
Taxa named by Carlo Luigi Spegazzini
Lao Yi ( ) ( born October 10 , 1985 in Hepu County , Beihai City , Guangxi ) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in sprinting . They made their international debut at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup , where they finished sixth in the 100 metres , representing Asia .
They were the surprise winner of the 100 m gold medal at 2010 Asian Games with a time of 10.24 seconds . The race favourites were eliminated in qualifying and their win in the final made them the first Chinese athlete to take the 100 m title in Asian Games history . They then anchored the Chinese 4×100 metres relay team to a second gold medal , recording a time of 38.78 seconds to break the Asian Games record as well as the Chinese national record for the event , running alongside Lu Bin , Liang Jiahong and Su Bintian .
They are of Hakka descent and they are hailing from Hepu County .
References
External links
Living people
1985 births
Chinese male sprinters
Runners from Guangxi
Asian Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
People from Beihai
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Asian Games
Hakka people
Hakka sportspeople
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
In Toxoplasma gondii the translational repression of lactate dehydrogenase 1 ( LDH1 ) was discovered to be mediated through its 5′UTR . A small nucleotide regulatory RNA hairpin was shown to be essential for the repression . It is possible that this hairpin may act as the nucleation site for the binding of a trans-acting factor ( s ) that allow for the translational repression .
References
RNA
Non-coding RNA
Cis-regulatory RNA elements
Anthony ( Tony ) Franken ( born 11 January 1965 ) is a former Australian goalkeeper .
Biography
They represented Australia on 14 occasions between 1984–1992 and represented their country at Under-20 level at the 1983 World Youth Cup Finals in Mexico and at Under-23 level in 1984 .
Tony started playing junior soccer for East Fremantle Tricolore before they played for many professional clubs in Australia including Sydney Croatia , APIA Leichhardt , Perth Glory , Sydney Olympic , Parramatta Eagles and Canberra City . They were awarded the NSL Under 21 Player of the Year in 1984 .
They are currently on the coaching staff for the Australian national team .
References
External links
Player Statistics at www.ozfootball.net
1965 births
Living people
People from Perth , Western Australia
Australian soccer players
Australia international soccer players
Australia B international soccer players
National Soccer League ( Australia ) players
Sydney Olympic FC players
Sydney United 58 FC players
Perth Glory FC players
APIA Leichhardt FC players
Parramatta FC players
Australian Institute of Sport soccer players
Association football goalkeepers
Williamswood is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula . The community is currently represented by Liberal MLA , Brendan Maguire .
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The Palestinian government is the government of the Palestinian Authority or State of Palestine . The Executive Committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization ( EC ) is the highest executive body of the Palestine Liberation Organization and acts as the government . Since June 2007 , there have been two separate administrations in Palestine , one in the West Bank and the other in the Gaza Strip . The government on the West Bank was generally recognised as the Palestinian Authority Government . On the other hand , the government in the Gaza Strip claimed to be the legitimate government of the Palestinian Authority . Until June 2014 , when the Palestinian Unity Government was formed , the government in the West Bank was the Fatah-dominated Palestinian government of 2013 . In the Gaza Strip the government was the Hamas government of 2012 . Following two Fatah–Hamas Agreements in 2014 , on 25 September 2014 Hamas agreed to let the PA Government resume control over the Gaza Strip and its border crossings with Egypt and Israel , but that agreement had broken down by June 2015 , after President Abbas said the PA government was unable to operate in the Gaza Strip .
History
The following organizations have claimed or exercised authority over the Palestinian people in the past :
Arab Higher Committee , the central political organ of the Arab community of Mandatory Palestine . It was established on 25 April 1936 and was sidestepped by the All-Palestine Government in 1948 .
First Committee 1936-1937 ( Arab Higher Committee )
Second Committee 1945-1948 ( Arab Higher Committee )
All-Palestine Government , a Palestinian entity set-up by the Arab League in Egyptian occupied Gaza Strip on 22 September 1948 . It was dissolved by Egypt in 1959 .
Palestine Liberation Organization has been the official representative of the Palestinian people internationally since 1964 . On 22 November 1974 , United Nations General Assembly Resolution 3236 recognized the right of the Palestinian people to self-determination , national independence and sovereignty in Palestine . It also recognized the PLO as the sole legitimate representative of the Palestinian people , and accorded it observer status in the United Nations .
Executive Committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization ( EC ) is the highest executive body of the PLO . Mahmoud Abbas has been Chairman of the EC since the death of Yasser Arafat in November 2004 . The EC represents the Palestinian people , supervises the various PLO bodies , executes the policies and decisions of the PNC , and handles the PLO 's financial issues . The EC represents the PLO internationally , and acts as the government of the State of Palestine .
PNA governments
Palestinian National Authority was formally an interim administrative body established by the PLO pursuant to the Oslo Accords of 1993 . Pursuant to the Oslo Accords , the PA Government had only authority over some civil rights of the Palestinians in the West Bank Areas A and B and in the Gaza Strip , and over internal security in Area A and in Gaza . One of the security tasks was the security cooperation between Israel and the Palestinian Authority , which among other things aimed at the prevention of Palestinian attacks on the Israeli army and settlers . Until 2007 it exercised control of populated areas in Area A and B of the West Bank and in the Gaza Strip :
Palestinian Authority Government of 1996 - formed following the first general elections held on 20 January 1996 . It was headed by Chairman of the PLO Yasser Arafat , and functioned until 29 April 2003 .
Palestinian government of October 2002 ( PNA )
Palestinian government of November 2003 ( PNA )
Palestinian government of March 2006 ( PNA )
Palestinian government of March 2007 ( PNA , unity of Hamas and Fatah )
Split of Fatah and Hamas
Since June 2007 , the Fatah-led governments have exercised authority in Ramallah , West Bank , and has been recognized as the official government of the Palestinian Authority ; while since Hamas took control in the Gaza Strip , it has exercised de facto control there , ousting Fatah PNA representatives in June 2007 .
Fatah government in the West Bank
Palestinian governments of June–July 2007 ( PNA , Fatah )
Palestinian government of 2009 ( PNA , Fatah )
Palestinian governments of 2013 ( PNA , Fatah ) - two governments were formed in 2013 , in June and September , after the upgrade in the United Nations of Palestine to the status of non-member observer state . Both were led by Rami Hamdallah .
Palestinian government of 2015 ( PNA , Fatah ) - led by Hamdallah .
Palestinian government of 2019 ( PNA , Fatah ) - the 18th Palestinian government since the establishment of the PA in 2004 , led by Mohammad Shtayyeh , member of the Fatah Central Committee , the 23-member government includes 16 new ministers .
Governance of the Gaza Strip
First Hamas government 2007-12 ( Hamas Administration in Gaza )
Second Hamas government September 2012-14 ( Hamas Administration in Gaza )
Third Hamas government 2016–present is the Gaza-based Hamas-dominated de facto government in Gaza . It is made up of Deputy Ministers , Directors General and other high-level officials , not directly bound to the Ramallah administration . It was initially speculated that the 2016 Hamas government is an attempt by Ismail Haniyeh to return to full control of the Gaza enclave . The United States , Canada , the European Union , Japan and Israel classify Hamas as a terrorist organization and do not recognize the government . Hamas government is not recognized by the Ramallah administration of the State of Palestine .
Palestinian Unity Government
The Palestinian Unity Government was formed on 2 June 2014 , following the Fatah-Hamas Reconciliation Agreement of 23 April 2014 . However , the Government was not presented for approval by the Legislative Council , leading to its legitimacy being questioned . The ministers were nominally independent , but overwhelmingly seen as loyal to President Abbas and their Fatah movement or to smaller leftist factions , none of whom were believed to have close ties to Hamas . A feature of this government is the appointment of Deputy Ministers , Directors General and other high-level officials for Gaza , and not directly bound to the Ramallah administration . The government of 2014 resigned on 17 June 2015 , under protest from Hamas which was not consulted . In July and December 2015 , Abbas reshuffled the cabinet and appointed new ministers without consulting Hamas , which was denounced by Hamas . Although Hamas did not recognize the new ministers and rejected the changes , the reshuffling was called `` technical and not political '' , and the new cabinet was presented as a slightly changed existing government , still called `` consensus government '' .
See also
Finance Minister of the Palestinian National Authority
Foreign Affairs Minister of the Palestinian National Authority
Foreign relations of Palestine
Foreign relations of the Palestine Liberation Organization
International recognition of the State of Palestine
Israeli Civil Administration
Palestinian Declaration of Independence
Palestinian Ambassador to the United Nations
References
Government of the State of Palestine
Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals Inc , branded as Jefferson Health , is a multi-state non-profit health system whose flagship hospital is Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Center City , Philadelphia . The health system 's hospitals serve as the teaching hospitals of Thomas Jefferson University . Thomas Jefferson University and Jefferson Health are integrated together as two arms of the same organization . It has a single board of directors and produces joint financial statements . The CEO of Thomas Jefferson University and Jefferson Health is Joseph G. Cacchione , MD .
History
Formerly a division of Thomas Jefferson University , the hospital was separated from the university to become a founding member of the Jefferson Health system in 1995 . The Hospital merged with Methodist Hospital as a division of Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals in 1996 . In March 2014 , the Jefferson Health System was dissolved . In July 2016 , Aria Health and Jefferson Health System announced an official merger .
For fiscal year ending June 30 , 2017 , Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals had 937 licensed beds , 41,368 admissions , 1,350,317 outpatient visits , 117,746 emergency room visits , 9,500 full- and part-time employees , 873 house staff , 1,667 * medical staff , and 3,265 full- and part-time registered nurses . ( * Includes other professional personnel including psychologists , podiatrists , NPs , PAs , CRNAs , etc . )
In July 2017 , Thomas Jefferson University and Philadelphia University combined to create the newly named Thomas Jefferson University .
In 2018 , Jefferson Health reach a conclusive agreement to merge with the Einstein Healthcare Network . The merger created an 18-hospital system and $ 5.9 billion in revenue including over `` 50 outpatient and urgent-care centers , leading rehabilitation and post-acute facilities '' and maintained almost 39,000 employees . In 2020 , the Federal Trade Commission attempted to block the merger .
Hospitals
Jefferson Health comprises the hospitals of :
Thomas Jefferson University Hospital
Jefferson Hospital for Neuroscience
Jefferson Methodist Hospital
Jefferson Abington Hospital ( formerly Abington Memorial Hospital )
Jefferson Bucks Hospital ( formerly part of Aria Health )
Jefferson Cherry Hill Hospital ( formerly Kennedy Hospital and prior that Cherry Hill Medical Center )
Jefferson Frankford Hospital ( formerly part of Aria Health )
Jefferson Lansdale Hospital
Jefferson Stratford Hospital
Jefferson Torresdale Hospital ( formerly part of Aria Health )
Jefferson Washington Township Hospital
Magee Rehabilitation Hospital
Physicians Care Surgical Hospital
Rothman Orthopaedic Specialty Hospital – Bensalem
Departments and services
Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals provides medical services across more than 200 specialized centers , programs , departments and divisions .
Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals has an Office of Human Research/Division of Clinical Trials Support to assist with the formal clinical trials in which the organization is involved .
Five of the seven physicians on the staff of the Philadelphia Eagles NFL team are doctors at Thomas Jefferson University Hospitals . In 2015 , Alexander Vaccaro was named the President of the Rothman Institute .
See also
List of hospitals in Pennsylvania
References
External links
Thomas Jefferson University Hospital
Jefferson Health System
Healthcare in Philadelphia
Hospital networks in the United States
Medical and health organizations based in Pennsylvania
Mankada Ravi Varma ( 4 June 1926 – 22 November 2010 ) was an Indian cinematographer and director who worked in Malayalam cinema . They are exclusively known for their association with renowned film-maker Adoor Gopalakrishnan . They have associated with other major directors such as G. Aravindan and P. N. Menon . They have also directed two films . They have won two National Film Awards and seven Kerala State Film Awards in various categories . In 2006 , they were honoured with the J. C. Daniel Award , Kerala government 's highest honour for contributions to Malayalam cinema .
Early life
Ravi Varma was born at Mankada in Malappuram district to K.K . Thampuratti and A.M. Parameswaran Bhattathiripad on 4 June 1926 . Varma was keenly interested in photography since a child . They had their graduation from Victoria College , Palakkad and later learned motion picture photography at the Institute of Film Technology ( FTIT ) in Chennai .
Career
After their studies from FTIT , they worked as a cinematographer for several documentaries and short films . Their debut film was Aval ( 1966 ) was directed by Aziz , another student from the institute . Their first notable work was Olavum Theeravum ( 1970 ) , directed by P. N. Menon and scripted by M. T. Vasudevan Nair . It was a landmark film in Malayalam as it was the first Malayalam film to be shot entirely outdoors . Varma remembered those days , `` We exploited the available light . The framing and composition of the film were totally different from other feature films . I tried to accommodate all the tones that were available in black-and-white , and shot the film . As I had shot documentaries in very adverse conditions , I decided to make use of all those experiences in a feature film . Usually in poor light , a cinematographer stops shooting . What I did was use it to my advantage . ''
Their other notable works as a cinematographer include Dikkatra Parvathi ( 1973 ) by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao , Uttarayanam ( 1974 ) by G. Aravindan , and almost all the works with Adoor Gopalakrishnan .
Association with Adoor
Ravi Varma had written an article on films in a magazine called Sameeksha which Gopalakrishnan , a student at the FTII happened to read . They wrote to Ravi Varma asking them to write another piece for a magazine that they were editing from the institute . That was how the association and friendship between renowned director Adoor Gopalakrishnan and Ravi Varma started . Whenever Adoor came down to Kerala , they would make a stop over in Madras and meet him . The friendship that started in the 60s became a professional association in the early 70s when Adoor Gopalakrishnan made Swayamvaram ( 1971 ) .
When Adoor Gopalakrishnan watched Olavum Theeravum , they decided that when they made a film , it was Mankada Ravi Varma who would shoot it . When they were ready to make Swayamvaram , they asked Ravi Varma whether they would do the cinematography . But they had no intention to shoot another feature film after Olavum Theeravum , as it had affected their regular work . But they could n't say 'no ' to Adoor . Swayamvaram was their first effort , one of the first serious films made in Kerala , a film that started a revolution and changed the way films were made in Kerala . The film won not only several National Awards but international acclaim too . Mankada also won the National Award for cinematography . Elippathayam ( 1981 ) was one of the most acclaimed films came out of their association . In this magnum opus film , Varma even had to draw electric power from the mains of the house they were shooting in , as they had no money to hire a generator .
Other major works by Varma with Adoor include Kodiyettam ( 1977 ) , Mukhamukham ( 1984 ) , Mathilukal ( 1990 ) , Vidheyan ( 1993 ) and Nizhalkuthu ( 2002 ) . They have associated with Adoor in all their films , before they fell ill in 2002 . Nizhalkuthu was their last film . Varma could not complete this work as they fell ill soon after the filming had started . Later , this film was completed by Sunny Joseph . Adoor rates this film as the best work by Varma . In an interview they said : `` I would rate Nizhalkuthu , as Raviettan 's best ever work , 30 years after we started our journey together with Swayamvaram . ''
Career as a director
In 1984 , they directed their first film , Nokkukuthi , which won them another National Award and a State award . It was based on a poem by noted Malayalam poet , M Govindan . `` I made it for my own satisfaction . People who are like me will also get satisfaction of watching my film '' , says Varma . They also directed Kunjikoonan in 1989 .
They also wrote a book Chitram Chala Chitram about cinematography which won them the State award for the best book on cinema .
Death
Ravi Varma died on 22 November 2010 evening in Chennai . They were suffering from Alzheimer 's disease for many years .
Adoor Gopalakrishnan in an obituary to Mankada Ravi Varma has said : `` I never asked them why they only worked with me , as they used to say they wanted to do only good films . Raviettan is the only person to whom I used to courier my script before they were made . Their response and clarity on my script encouraged me a lot . ''
Filmography
As cinematographer
Aval ( 1967 )
Olavum Theeravum ( 1970 )
Swayamvaram ( 1971 )
Dikkatra Parvathi ( 1974 )
Uttarayanam ( 1974 )
Kodiyettam ( 1977 )
Yakshagana ( 1979 )
Chola Heritage ( 1980 )
Krishnanattam ( 1982 )
Kalamandalam Gopi ( 1995 )
Elippathayam ( 1981 )
Mukhamukham ( 1984 )
Anantaram ( 1987 )
Mathilukal ( 1990 )
Vidheyan ( 1993 )
Kathapurushan ( 1996 )
Koodiyaattam ( 2001 )
Nizhalkkuthu ( 2002 )
As director
Nokkukuthi ( 1984 )
Kunjikoonan ( 1989 )
Awards
Kerala State Awards
1970 : Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography – Olavum Theeravum
1972 : Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography – Swayamvaram
1974 : Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography – Uttarayanam
1981 : Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography – Elippathayam
1983 : Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography – Nokkukuthi
1984 : Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography – Mukhamukham
1986 : Kerala State Film Award for Best Book on Cinema – Chitram Chala Chitram
2002 : Kerala State Film Award for Best Photography – Nizhalkuthu
2005 : J. C. Daniel Award ( Honorary )
National Awards
1972 : National Film Award for Best Cinematography – Swayamvaram
1983 : National Film Award – Special Jury Award / Special Mention – Nokkukuthi
1999 : National Film Award for Best Non-Feature Film Cinematography – Kalamandalam Gopi
References
1926 births
2010 deaths
J. C. Daniel Award winners
Best Cinematography National Film Award winners
Special Jury Award ( feature film ) National Film Award winners
Kerala State Film Award winners
Malayalam film cinematographers
Government Victoria College , Palakkad alumni
20th-century Indian film directors
Malayalam film directors
M.G.R . Government Film and Television Training Institute alumni
20th-century Indian photographers
21st-century Indian photographers
Cinematographers from Kerala
People from Malappuram district
Przemysław Macierzyński ( born 11 February 1999 ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Unia Kunice .
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from Lubsko
Polish footballers
Polish expatriate footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Association football forwards
UKS SMS Łódź players
Lechia Gdańsk players
S.L . Benfica footballers
Gryf Wejherowo players
Miedź Legnica players
Ekstraklasa players
II liga players
III liga players
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Polish expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
The coat of arms of the city of Melbourne , also known as the armorial bearings , is the official symbol of the city of Melbourne , Australia . They were granted to the Corporation of the city by Letters Patent on 30 January 1940 .
Blazon
Arms
On a silver shield , a red cross ( the cross of St George ) with a narrow red bar is adjacent and parallel with each side of the cross . On the central part of the cross is a Royal Crown .
And in the four-quarters , there are :
The top left corner ( first quarter ) , there is a fleece hanging from a red ring .
The top right corner ( second quarter ) , there is a black bull standing on a hillock .
The lower left corner ( third quarter ) , there is a spouting whale swimming in the sea .
The lower right corner ( fourth quarter ) , There is a three-masted ship in full-sail .
However , the crest as displayed on Princes Bridge Melbourne , has a different order for the same four quarters displayed above . Namely , the second and third quarters have been swapped . Moreover the fleece has been replaced with a white sheep . This crest is visible under lamps on the bridge .
Crest
Above the shield is the iron helmet with red and silver mantling and above the helmet there is the silver and red wreath , and on the wreath there is a gold mural crown , which is a symbol of municipal government . Out of the mural crown rises the upper half of a kangaroo , facing the left side of the shield and looking backwards over its shoulder .
Supporters
There is a gold lion on each side of the shield , upright on its hind legs and with a black crown . Around each lion 's neck is a red collar on which there are two five-pointed silver stars . A red chain , attached at the top to the collar , passes over each lion 's back and body .
Motto
A scroll below the arms reads 'Vires Acquirit Eundo ' which translates as 'We gather strength as we go ' ( a quotation from Vergil 's Aeneid , which in the original context refers to Fama , or Rumour personified ) .
See also
Flag of Melbourne
Coat of arms of Victoria
References
City of Melbourne Coat of Arms
Melbourne
History of Melbourne
City of Melbourne
Melbourne
Melbourne
Melbourne
Melbourne
Melbourne
Melbourne
Paul Ooghe ( 17 May 1899 – 8 September 2001 ) was a Belgian soldier who , and at the time of their death , was incorrectly believed to be the last surviving Belgian soldier to have seen combat in World War I . The actual last surviving veteran , Cyrillus-Camillus Barbary , who had emigrated to the United States , died in 2004 .
World War I service
In 1916 , they escaped from German-occupied Belgium and traveled to the Netherlands , England , and finally France to join the Belgian Army which was fighting at a northern section of the Western Front , known as the Yser Front . At the age of 16 , Ooghe lied about their age in order to enlist . They first joined the cavalry ( 5e régiment des Lanciers ) , then the grenadiers ( 1er régiment des Grenadiers ) .
As they were in charge of the maintenance of the telephone and telegraph lines , Ooghe was often in the front line , also involved in action . At the end of March 1917 , they participated in an attack against a German bunker in Rekkem and was very nearly killed . On 11 November 1918 , while on duty and eager to celebrate the armistice , the Germans bombarded the positions where Ooghe was stationed and ten of their companions perished before the bugle sounded the end of the conflict . This was a traumatic experience that Ooghe would not forget .
Post War activities
Ooghe was a recipient of numerous honors and awards and was until their death often regarded as the last living Belgian survivor of World War I . They were a regular participant in the annual commemorations of the war and was often willing to speak at length about their experiences and the futility of conflict . Their aim was to infuse a civic sense in young people , as well as the importance of keeping the memory of the conflict alive .
Death
Ooghe died on 8 September 2001 due to weakness after having suffered from bronchitis for several months . They were 102 years old . Up until a short time before their death , they were widely announced as being the last surviving Belgian World War I veteran . The last Belgian veteran of the war , Cyrillus-Camillus Barbary , died in the United States in 2004 .
Notes
1899 births
2001 deaths
People from Laeken
Belgian military personnel of World War I
Belgian centenarians
Men centenarians
The men 's Bantamweight competition of the boxing events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona , Spain , was held between June 26 and 30 at the Torredembarra Pavilion .
Like all Mediterranean Games boxing events , the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament . Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals , so no boxers competed again after their first loss .
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time ( UTC+2 ) .
Results
Bracket
References
Boxing at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
The L-1 Visa Reform Act of 2004 , referred to more briefly as the L-1 Reform Act , was a part of Title IV of the Consolidated Appropriations Act , 2005 ( sometimes also called the Omnibus Appropriations Act of 2005 ) in the United States that focused on changes to regulations governing L-1 visas . The Consolidated Appropriations Act was signed by George W. Bush , then President of the United States , in early December 2004 . Title IV of the Consolidated Appropriations Act also included the H-1B Visa Reform Act of 2004 , that focused on H-1B visas .
Provisions
The L-1 Visa Reform Act of 2004 had two main provisions and a slight change to the fee structure .
Ineligibility for L-1B for workers who will be stationed at another worksite
According to the new rules of the act , a player is now explicitly ineligible for classification as a specialized knowledge worker nonimmigrant ( L-1B ) visa if the worker will be `` stationed primarily '' at the worksite of an employer other than the petitioner or an affiliate , subsidiary , or parent and either of the following occurs :
The alien will be `` principally '' under the `` control and supervision '' of the unaffiliated employer ,
The placement at the non-affiliated worksite is `` essentially an arrangementto provide labor for hire for the unaffiliated employer , '' rather than a placement in connection with the provision of a product or service for which specialized knowledge specific to the petitioning employer is necessary .
This new ground of ineligibility would begin applying for petitions starting June 6 , 2005 , and includes petitions for initial , amended , or extended L-1B classification .
Reinstatement of a hard 12-month requirement for L-1 intracompany transferees
The Act amended section 214 ( c ) ( 2 ) ( A ) of the Act to restore prior law requiring that the L-1 beneficiary of a blanket petition have been employed abroad by the L entity for a period of 12 months . In doing so , the L-1 Reform Act eliminates the 6-month exception that had been the law for blanket beneficiaries since 2001 .
New fraud detection fee
Like the H-1B Visa Reform Act of 2004 that accompanied it , the L-1 Visa Reform Act of 2004 instituted a $ 500 anti-fraud fee over and above existing fees .
Reception
The Act and its implications for applicants was discussed by Cyrus Mehta in an article for Immigration Daily in August 2005 .
A report by Morrison Foerster reviewed the L-1 Visa Reform Act of 2004 and its implications for U.S. companies . It came up with three risk factors :
Reduction or elimination of cost savings
Risk of business disruption once the Act kicked in
Reputational risk
Potential legal liability and involvement in enforcement proceedings
Potential labor law liability
The review suggested the following action items :
Companies that make use of L-1 visa arrangements to augment project staffing should require their offshore vendors to demonstrate what steps the vendors are taking to ensure compliance with the Act .
Affected U.S. companies may want to consider the economic , strategic , and risk implications of continuing to use L-1 outsourcing in light of the issues of control and `` specialized knowledge '' discussed in the review .
Companies that continue to use L-1 outsourcing should include in their service agreements with providers appropriate representations , covenants and indemnities with respect to compliance with the Act . They should also consider how complying with the Act would affect the vendor 's cost-effectiveness and ability to continue to meet performance metrics .
To the extent a company continues to use providers that use offshore L-1 visa staff , it should maintain records to document compliance with the Act .
References
Acts of the 108th United States Congress
Riders to the United States federal appropriations legislation
`` Ultra Soul '' is the thirty-first single by B ' z , released on March 14 , 2001 . This song is one of B ' z many number-one singles in Oricon charts . As B-Sides , the single features `` Rock Man '' and `` Suima-Yo 2001 ! ! `` , a remix of the song `` Suima-Yo ! ! '' previously released on the album Survive . `` Ultra Soul '' was featured in the arcade drumming game Taiko no Tatsujin 2 , sequel to the first version of the game that featured another B ' z song , `` Atsuki Kodō no Hate '' . This Song was featured in the International Television Intro of 2001 FINA World Aquatics Championships .
In 2011 , the song was certified digitally by the RIAJ as a gold single for being downloaded more than 100,000 times to cellphones since its release as a digital download in early 2005 .
A re-recorded version of the song titled `` ultra soul 2011 '' appears on their 2011 album C'mon .
The song appears in Rocksmith 2014 for the guitar and bass .
The same year of its release , the song was adopted as an entrance theme by professional wrestler Masayuki Naruse , and it became strongly associated with them during their stint in New Japan Pro-Wrestling . Naruse themselves was nicknamed `` Ultra Soul '' due to it .
Track listing
`` Ultra Soul ''
``
`` Rock Man ''
Certifications
References
B ' z performance at Oricon
Ultra Soul ( song ) in 2001 FINA World Aquatics Championships TV Intro
External links
B ' z official website
2001 singles
B ' z songs
Oricon Weekly number-one singles
Songs written by Tak Matsumoto
Songs written by Koshi Inaba
2001 songs
Polyallylamine hydrochloride ( CAS No . 71550-12-4 ) is a cationic polyelectrolyte prepared by the polymerization of allylamine . It can be used in combination with an anionic polyelectrolyte like poly ( sodium styrene sulfonate ) to form a layer-by-layer adsorbed film of negatively and positively charged polymers .
Poly ( allylamine hydrochloride ) has many biomedical applications . The most prominent use of this polyelectrolyte is in the field of cell encapsulation . A layer by layer method is used by alternating positively and negatively charged polyelectrolytes to build a barrier between the cell and the harsher outside environment . Upon cell lysis , the capsule of layered polyelectrolytes maintains its structural integrity and can be used for purposes such as drug delivery .
References
Organic polymers
Plastics
Polyelectrolytes
Adam Franciszek Józef Siedlecki or Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki ( AGS ) ( 1876–1967 ) was a Polish literary and theater critic , playwright , translator , prose writer and director .
Biography
Congress Poland period
Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki was born into an impoverished noble family on January 29 , 1876 , in Wierzbno , near Kraków , then part of the Russian Empire . Their mother was named Julia , née Pieprzak-Czaykowski . Their father , Leon , a commune writer , took part to the 1863 January Uprising .
Adam graduated from secondary school in Warsaw . They then started to study at the Wawelberg and Rotwand 's School of Engineering in 1894 , but had to drop off in 1896 , after being jailed at the dreaded Tenth Pavilion of the Warsaw Citadel for participating in illegal Polish self-education clubs . After their release , they moved to Kraków to follow mathematics and Polish at the Jagiellonian University .
Their first articles date back to 1896 , with a review in the Warsaw paper Dziennik dla szystkich .
From 1897 onwards , they collaborated with numerous newsletter magazines ( from Warsaw , Krakow , Lviv ) , publishing over 1,500 articles and reviews . It is around that time that Adam began to add the Grzymała coat of arms and calling to their name , becoming Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki .
At the turn of the 20th century , they made a 6-month journey to Italy as a correspondent for Kraków paper Głosu Narodu . In Kraków , they had a frenzy activity :
literature teacher at M. Przybyłowicz 's drama school ( 1905 ) ;
founder and director of the Old Ludowy theatre ( 1905–1906 and 1916–1918 ) ;
literary manager at the Juliusz Słowacki Theatre under the lead of Ludwik Solski ( 1906–1911 ) and Tadeusz Pawlikowski ( 1916-1918 ) ;
organizer -among others- of the Union of Artists of Polish Theaters in Galicia ( 1910 ) .
In 1909 , Grzymała-Siedlecki wrote their first book , `` Wyspiański . Features and elements of their work '' ( ) .
They were a regular animator of Zielony Balonik , a popular cabaret of Kraków . They occasionally performed on the stage ( e.g . a parody of Stanisław Tarnowski ) and even wrote memoirs about the beginnings of this institution , `` Ludzie Zielonego Balonika '' , ( People of the Zielony Balonik ) in the magazin Teatr ( issue N. 9 , 1951 ) .
They traveled in Europe between 1911 and 1912 , in particular to Switzerland , France and England .
From 1913 to 1915 , Adam moved to Warsaw as literary manager of the Teatr Rozmaitości w Warszawie , before returning to Kraków .
Interwar period
After the end of WWI and following a disagreement Kraków City Council , they resigned as Dierctor of the theatre and moved to Warsaw . With the re-creation of the Polish state , AGS joined the political life as a supporter of National Democracy party . Furthermore , they became from 1918 to 1921 the co-editor of the Tygodnik Illustrowany : as such , they made a trip in June 1919 , to Paris to report about the negotiations around the elaboration of the future Treaty of Versailles .
Thanks to Ignacy Jan Paderewski , then Prime minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs , who was leading the Polish party , Grzymała-Siedlecki was entrusted as liaison element between the Polish delegation and the national press . On June 28 , 1919 , they were one of the representatives of the Polish press at the official signing ceremony of the Peace Treaty at Versailles .
During Polish–Soviet War , Adam was a war correspondent . They later compiled their frontline articles in a book , `` The Miracle on the Vistula '' ( ) . Afterwards , they kept their post at the Tygodnik Illustrowany and in addition cooperated with other newspapers ( Kurier Warszawski and Rzeczpospolita ) .
In October 1923 , they moved to Bydgoszcz , and lived there until July 1934 . When asked about the rationale for choosing this city , Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki used to claim that they are
In Bydgoszcz , they devoted their time to writing . They mainly created comedies and farces played in theaters . Their most popular pieces from this period are :
`` Sublokatorka '' ( 1922 ) ;
`` Popas Króla Jegomości '' ( Popas the King of Goodness ) ( 1922 ) ;
`` Spadkobierca '' ( The heir ) ( 1924 ) ;
`` Samosęki '' ( 1924 ) ;
`` Mamon do wzięcia '' ( Mamon for the taking ) ( 1929 ) ;
`` Miechowiec & syn '' ( Miechowiec & son ) and `` Czwarty do brydża '' ( Four to the bridge ) ( 1934 ) .
They also wrote articles and columns for newspapers in Warsaw , Poznań ( Kurier Poznański ) and Bydgoszcz ( Dziennik Bydgoski , Hallerczyk , Gazeta Bydgoska ) . Their topics covered not only artistic and literary matters , but also highlighted the importance of Greater Poland and Pomerania regions for the Second Republic of Poland and warned of the dangers of the nascent Nazi Germany .
Grzymała-Siedlecki actively participated in the intellectual and cultural life of Bydgoszcz , giving lectures , readings and organizing artistic events . From 1925 to 1927 , they took part in the committee for the construction of the Henryk Sienkiewicz Monument in Bydgoszcz , the first to be erected in Poland .
After 1926 , they acted against the Sanacja political regime .
In May 1923 , AGS contributed with 50,000 marks for the garrison church . The entrepreneur Antoni Weynerowski and their wife Leokadia donated 500,000 marks .
They worked on a sketch encompassing the History of Bydgoszcz from the earliest times . Underlining the underrated significance of the city , they championed on the one hand its incorporation into the Pomeranian Voivodeship and on the other hand the transfer of provincial authorities from Toruń to Bydgoszcz . In particular , they conveyed these messages , in response to a Toruń publication , in the polemical brochure `` Pomorze czy Toruń ? '' ( Pomerania or Toruń ? ) published in 1937 .
They closely cooperated with the Provincial and Municipal Public Library in Bydgoszcz , to which they eventually bequeathed approx . 5 000 literary objects . At the beginning of the 1930s , Adam surprised the intellectual community by giving to the library a dozen of books from Vladimir Lenin 's Poronin collection , from the period when the soviet leader-to-be used to stay in the Polish Tatra ( 1913-1914 ) . However , in 1945 , the City Council handed it over back to the Soviet Union as a gift from the Polish People 's Republic .
In 1934 , they left Bydgoszcz to Warsaw . A year later , they published a book about Ludwik Solski for their jubilee and in 1938 , they prepared a biographic film script about Solski , `` Geniusz sceny '' ( Genius of the scene ) .
German occupation
During the 1939 invasion of Poland , Grzymała-Siedlecki was in Warsaw : from the beginning of the occupation , they were watched and followed by the Gestapo . In 1940–1941 , they worked as a clerk in the Council of the Central Welfare ( ) .
In February 1940 , they were interrogated in connection with anti-German articles published before the war in the polish press ( Kurier Warszawski and Kurier Poznański ) . They were even arrested on the night of November 10 , 1942 , and jailed in Warsaw Pawiak prison . Released in February 1943 , they moved to hiding in Bielany , near Grójec , where the conditions of their imprisonment weakened them for a long time .
As an account of their experiences and observations from their stay in Pawiak prison , Adam wrote in 1944 , `` 111 dni letargu . Wspomnienia z Pawiaka z lat 1942-1943 '' ( 111 days of lethargy . Memories from Pawiak prison in 1942-1943 ) . The poet Ludwik Hieronim Morstin praised this book as `` A shocking book , which , thanks to its humanism and proximity to a suffering man , is especially valuable to anyone who pursues some purpose in life . '' ( correspondence with the author , October 18 , 1965 ) .
Post-war period
In April 1945 , they settled back to Bydgoszcz . They got a position at the Department of Culture and Art of the Pomeranian Voivodeship Office , as a voivodship counselor , head of the Literature and Theater Department , till 1949 .
Meanwhile , they contributed to diverse institutions in Bydgoszcz :
lecturer at the Bydgoszcz Dramatic School established at 4 Cieszkowskiego Street ( 1945-1947 ) ;
theater history lecturer in the Theatre instructors and directors school for Volunteers ( ) ( 1949-1952 ) ;
literary director at the Polski Teatr in Bydgoszcz ( 1946-1960 ) .
Between 1948 and 1958 , Grzymała-Siedlecki directed many plays in the city :
`` Przyjaciele '' ( Friends ) ;
`` Powrót posła '' ( Return of the envoy ) ;
`` Magazyn mód '' ;
`` Intryga i miłość '' ( Intrigue and love ) ;
`` Wesele '' ( Wedding ) .
In 1961 , they received the title of Honorary director of the Polski Teatr in Bydgoszcz , commemorating the 65th anniversary of their first writing and the 50th anniversary of their theatrical career .
Similarly to their previous stay , they initiated many cultural activities in Bydgoszcz .
They were still working as a columnist and literary critic with journals Ilustrowany Kurier Polski and Tygodnik Warszawski ( 1945–1946 ) initially . Later on , they cooperated with a multitude of others : Arkona , Łodz Teatralna , Odnowy , Ziemia Pomorska , Żołnierz Polski , Życie Literackie , Twórczość , Tygodnik Powszechny , Teatr , Pamiętnik Teatralny or Pomerania .
They devoted enthusiastically their time to literary work . While in Bydgoszcz , Grzymała-Siedlecki wrote various works :
books : `` Wesele pani du Barry '' ( Madame du Barry 's Wedding ) , `` Matka i kurtyzana '' ( Mother and Courtesan ) , `` Rekin i syrena '' ( The Shark and the Mermaid ) ;
memoirs focusing on history of theater and literature : `` Świat aktorski moich czasów '' ( The world of acting in my time ) ( 1957 ) , `` Niepospolici ludzie w dniu swoim powszednim '' ( Uncommon people in their weekday ) ( 1961 ) , `` Na orbicie Melpomeny '' ( In orbit around Melpomene ) ( 1966 ) , `` Tadeusz Pawlikowski i jego krakowscy aktorzy '' ( Tadeusz Pawlikowski and their Krakow actors ) published posthumously ( 1971 ) .
They were still interested in political affairs . In 1945 , they joined the Labour Faction ( ) and took part in the work of the Polski Komitet Obrońców Pokoju ( Polish Committee for the Defenders of Peace ) .
Personal life
Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki was married to Maria Szumowska . They had a son , Jacek , a lawyer .
Adam died on January 29 , 1967 , in Bydgoszcz .
They were buried at Bydgoszcz Nowofarny cemetery .
During their second stay , they lived at 5 Libelta street . On January 29 , 1968 , the Provincial and Municipal Public Library opened a Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki Memorial in the place , tended as a small museum in their memory .
The place exhibits the writer 's memorabilia and some materials concerning the history of the theater in Bydgoszcz : posters , programs and photos from theater plays . The flat also houses a theater reading room with a rich book collection devoted to the History of theatre and the Polish theater in particular .
Works
At times , Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki used pseudonyms to sign their books : AGS , Quis , Mus , Franciszek Wierzbiński , Jan z Marnowa .
In addition to the asupervisorstioned , Grzymała-Siedlecki published literary studies and critical articles in the following papers or magazines : Młodość , Życie , Krytyka , Sfinks , Museion , Tygodnik Ilustrowany , Słowo Polski , Czasie , Dziennik Poznański , Rzeczpospolita , Kurier Warszawski .
In complement of the above-mentioned works , Grzymała-Siedlecki also wrote :
`` Stanisław Wyspiański . Cechy i elementy jego twórczości '' ( Stanisław Wyspiański . Elements of their work ) ( 1909 , 2nd edition in 1918 ) ;
studies about Aleksander Fredro ( in `` Trzy po trzy '' -1917 ) , about Władysław Reymont ( in `` Pisma '' -1921 ) , on the aesthetics of Zygmunt Krasiński ( in `` Myśli o sztuce '' -1912 ) , about Adam Szymański ( in `` Szkicy '' -1921 ) ;
chapters from the monographs about Aleksander Fredro in magazines ;
novel `` Galeria moich bliźnich '' ( The Gallery of My Neighbors ) ( 1911 , 2nd edition in 1922 ) ;
comedies and farces : `` Podatek majątkowy '' ( Property tax ) ( 1929 ) , `` Maman do wzięcia '' ( Maman to take ) ( 1929 ) , `` Pani ministrowa '' ( Lady Minister ) ( 1930 ) , `` Ich synowa '' ( Their daughter-in-law ) ( 1931 ) and others .
Awards and decorations
Literary Awards
Leon Reynel 's award for their lifetime achievements ( 1934 ) ;
City of Bydgoszcz award for lifetime creative literary work with particular stress on their dramatic achievements at the Bydgoszcz Polski Teatr ( 1956 ) ;
Bydgoszcz Voivodeship prize for lifetime activity in the field of theater and literature , in particular for their books ( 1957 ) ;
Władysław Pietrzak award ( 1964 ) .
Decorations
Commander 's Cross with Star of the Order of Polonia Restituta , April 4 , 1956 , in connection with the 60th anniversary of literary activity in the field of drama and theater critic ;
Gold Cross of Merit , June 15 , 1946 , for outstanding achievements in the field of Theater and Art throughout the country ;
Golden Laurel of the Polish Academy of Literature , November 4 , 1937 , for outstanding literary work ;
Badge of Meritorious Activist of Culture ( 1966 ) ;
Honorary badge of Bydgoszcz - Meritorious Citizen ( 1960 ) ;
Honorary badge for special contributions to the development of the Bydgoszcz Province .
Commemorations
In 1984 , a television movie was shot , inspired by Adam 's war memoirs , 111 dni letargu . Wspomnienia z Pawiaka z lat 1942-1943 . It was titled 111 dni letargu .
Director was Jerzy Sztwiertnia , the actor Władysław Kowalski played the role of Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki .
One of the streets of Bydgoszcz was named after him , located in the Wyżyny district .
A commemorative plaque designed by Michał Kubiak has been unveiled in 1988 , on the frontage of their apartment in Libelta Street , Bydgoszcz .
In 2017 , the namesake of Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki has been assigned by plebiscite of Bydgoszcz inhabitants to one of the 18 new tramways purchased by the city .
See also
Bydgoszcz
Libelta street in Bydgoszcz
Witold Bełza
Theater in Poland
List of Polish people
References
External links
Exhaustive list of Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki 's works
Adam Grzymała-Siedlecki Memorial
Article of AGS from the archives of Rzeczpospolita
Bibliography
Golden Laurel of the Polish Academy of Literature
Writers from Bydgoszcz
Writers from Kraków
Writers from Warsaw
20th-century Polish dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Polish male writers
Polish independence activists
Polish literary critics
Polish theatre critics
Polish opinion journalists
Polish translators
1876 births
1967 deaths
Burials in Nowofarny cemetery in Bydgoszcz
Charles Albert Edward Fenner ( 18 May 1884 – 9 June 1955 ) was an Australian geologist , naturalist , geographer and educator .
History
Fenner was born in the town of Dunach , Victoria ( near Ballarat ) , the fifth child of German born Johannes Fenner and Mary Fenner , née Thomas , of Adelaide . After leaving school they embarked on an apprenticeship as compositor with the Talbot Leader a local newspaper .
They won a scholarship to attend Melbourne Teachers ' College , and graduated from BSc with Honours and Dip . Ed . in 1913 .
Fenner taught at several Victorian schools before being appointed ( joint ? ) principal of the Ballarat School of Mines in November 1914 . They also had charge of the school 's Geology department , the teaching of which was favorably commented on by examiners . They paid particular attention to field work , which the students enjoyed , as well as being important to their education .
Fenner also prepared students for the Geology examinations at Melbourne University , with notable success .
In 1916 they accepted the post of Superintendent of Technical Education in South Australia , a position they held until May 1939 , when they were appointed acting Director of Education in place of W. J. Adey who was on the eve of retirement .
During that time they completed research work for their D.Sc and from 1929 lectured in geography at the University of Adelaide , and in 1937 went on an extended overseas tour .
In September 1939 they succeeded Adey as Director of Education and held that position until 1946 , when they retired due to ill health .
They worked as a volunteer for the South Australian Museum , pursuing their research into tektites , among other interests , and contributed numbers of articles to Walkabout , until 1954 when they suffered a stroke , and died a year later . Their remains were buried in the Centennial Park Cemetery .
Other interests
Fenner was president of the Royal Society of South Australia in 1931 , and a member of the board of governors of the Public Library . Most of their spare time is spent in research and on geology excursions .
They were particularly interested in australites , small glassy , often button-shaped , objects found on the Nullarbor Plain and elsewhere in southern Australia , believed to be ejecta from a large meteorite that landed in China .
Recognition
Fenner won the
Sachse gold medal in 1919 for a paper delivered to the Royal Society of Victoria , dealing with the geology of the Werribee River basin .
David Syme Research Prize in 1929 for a thesis , Adelaide , South Australia A Study in Human Geography
John Lewis Medal in 1947 for `` South Australia ; A Geographical Study . ''
A portrait of Fenner by Beulah Symes Leicester was a finalist for the 1938 Archibald Prize . A portrait by their friend Ivor Hele was held by Croydon Park College of Further Education .
Bibliography
Fenner was the author of six books , including :
Other publications
Royal Society of Victoria :
Physiography of the Mansfield district , 1913–14
Notes on the occurrence of Quartz in Basalt , 1915
Physiography of the Glenelg River , 1918 .
Physiography of the Werribee River Area , 1918 .
The Bacchus Marsh Basin , Victoria , 1925
Royal Society of South Australia :
The craters and lakes of Mount Gambier , 1921
Adelaide , South Australia : a study in human geography , 1927 .
A geographical enquiry into the growth , distribution and movement of population in South Australia 1836–1927 , 1929 .
Major structural and physiographic features of South Australia , 1930 .
The significance of the topography of Anstey Hill , South Australia , 1939
Australites , Part 1 , Classification of the W. H. C. Shaw collection , 1934
Australites , Part 2 , Numbers , forms , distribution and origin , 1935
Australites , Part 3 , A contribution to the problem of the origin of tektites , 1938
Australites , Part 4 , The John Kennett collection , with notes on Darwin glass , bediasites , etc. , 1940
Australites , Part 5 , Tektites in the South Australian Museum , with some notes on theories of origin , 1949
Australian and New Zealand Association for the Advancement of Science
Notes on the advance of physiographical knowledge of Victoria since January 1913 ( with Frederick Chapman ) .
Notes on the advance of physiographical knowledge of South Australia since January 1913 ( with L. K. Ward ) .
The physiography of the Adelaide region , 1924 .
The natural regions of South Australia , 1930
Report of the Research Committee on the Structural and Land Forms of Australia and New Zealand , 1935 .
Royal Geographical Society of Australasia , S.A . Branch
The growth and development of South Australia , 1934–35 .
The value of geography to the community , 1937–38
The Kybunga daylight meteor ( with G. F. Dodwell ) , 1942–3
The first discoverers of South Australia ; the tercentenary of Nuyts , 1925–6 .
Thebarton Cottage—the old home of Colonel William Light , 1926–7 .
Two historic gumtrees associated with the Burke and Wills expedition of 1861 , 1927–8
Colonel Light 's last diary , with introductory notes by Charles Fenner , 1933–4 .
Others
Physiography of Victoria , 1923
The structural and human geography of South Australia , 1931
The Bacchus Marsh Basin , Victoria , 1933
The Murray River basin , 1934
A sketch of the geology , physiography and botanical features of the coast between Outer Harbor and Sellicks Hill ( with J . B. Cleland ) , 1935 )
Geology and physiography of the National Parks near Adelaide , 1936
Aboriginal records near Broken Hill ( with A . B . Black ) 1945
The origin of tektites , 1933
Australites : A unique shower of glass meteorites , 1938
Sandtube fulgurites and their bearing on the tektite problem , 1949
Chapter 2 , Foothills , plains and streams , 1956 , pp . 7–10
For 25 years they wrote an `` unbroken series of weekly articles on science for two Victorian newspapers '' , perhaps alluding to their articles as 'Tellurian ' for The Australasian of which this and these are examples . It appears however , that 'Tellurian ' was not one single person .
Family
Fenner married teacher Emma Louise `` Peggy '' Hirt in Ballarat on 4 January 1911 . Their five children were :
( Charles ) Lyell Fenner ( 17 August 1912 – 25 May 1997 )
Frank Johannes ( later John ) Fenner ( 21 December 1914 – 22 November 2010 ) , famous biologist
Winifred Joyce `` Winn '' Fenner ( 26 August 1916 – ) taught at Walford Girls School . They never married .
Lieut-Cmdr Thomas Richard `` Tom '' Fenner R.A.N . ( 18 June 1918 – 21 September 1946 ) married Margaret Jane Legge Suter on 10 June 1948
William Greenock `` Bill '' Fenner ( 11 March 1922 – ) `` Greenock '' was named for the volcanic hill behind Charles 's boyhood home . Bill was author of Quality and Productivity for the 21st Century
They had a home at 42 Alexandra Avenue , Rose Park . After Fenner 's death Peggy moved to 10 Springbank Road , Panorama
Further reading
Nature , Nurture and Chance : The Lives of Frank and Charles Fenner Free online .
References
1884 births
1955 deaths
Australian geographers
Australian geologists
Australian naturalists
Australian educators
Australian public servants
Zack Phillips ( born October 28 , 1992 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre . They are currently playing for the British Elite Ice Hockey League ( EIHL ) side , Fife Flyers .
Phillips was most recently with German Oberliga side Starbulls Rosenheim , and prior to that iced in Poland for JKH GKS Jastrzębie and TH Unia Oświęcim .
Playing career
Phillips played their junior hockey for the Saint John Sea Dogs of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League . They were selected 28th overall in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft by the Minnesota Wild .
On December 19 , 2011 , the Minnesota Wild signed Phillips to a three-year entry level contract .
In the 2014–15 season , on March 2 , 2015 , the Wild traded Phillips , while with AHL affiliate the Iowa Wild , to the Boston Bruins in exchange for Jared Knight . They were assigned to Boston 's AHL affiliate the Providence Bruins .
In the following 2015–16 season , Phillips was unable to keep their initial scoring pace with the Providence Bruins and was assigned to ECHL affiliate , the Atlanta Gladiators . After 5 games with the Gladiators , Phillips was traded by the Bruins to the St. Louis Blues in exchange for future considerations on March 4 , 2016 .
At the conclusion of their NHL contract , Phillips chose to continue their professional career in Sweden , agreeing to a one-year deal Tingsryds AIF of the Allsvenskan on June 1 , 2016 .
After a spell in Sweden , Phillips moved to the UK to sign for EIHL side , the Nottingham Panthers on July 3 , 2017 . They then continued their journeyman career with Hungarian club , Fehérvár AV19 , competing in the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) for the 2018–19 season .
Having played three seasons abroad in Europe , Phillips returned to North America prior to the 2019–20 season , agreeing to a contract with the Toledo Walleye of the ECHL on August 7 , 2019 . Phillips made 12 appearances with the Walleye , registering just 3 points , before they were released on November 25 , 2019 . They joined the Worcester Railers , making 2 appearances before they were traded to join their third ECHL club for the season with the Norfolk Admirals on December 2 , 2019 . They registered a further 5 points in 17 games with the Admirals before leaving the ECHL to sign with Slovak club , HK Dukla Michalovce , for the remainder of the season .
In September 2020 , Phillips signed with Polska Hokej Liga side JKH GKS Jastrzębie . In 2021 , Phillips remained in Poland to sign for TH Unia Oświęcim , before leaving mid-season to join German club Starbulls Rosenheim .
In July 2022 , Phillips agreed terms to return to the EIHL for the 2022–23 season - signing a one-year deal with the Fife Flyers .
Career statistics
References
External links
1992 births
Atlanta Gladiators players
Canadian ice hockey centres
Chicago Wolves players
HK Dukla Michalovce players
Fehérvár AV19 players
Fife Flyers players
Houston Aeros ( 1994–2013 ) players
Ice hockey people from New Brunswick
Iowa Wild players
JKH GKS Jastrzębie players
Kalamazoo Wings ( ECHL ) players
Living people
Memorial Cup winners
Minnesota Wild draft picks
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Norfolk Admirals ( ECHL ) players
Nottingham Panthers players
Providence Bruins players
Saint John Sea Dogs players
Sportspeople from Fredericton
Starbulls Rosenheim players
TH Unia Oświęcim players
Tingsryds AIF players
Toledo Walleye players
Worcester Railers players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in England
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Hungary
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Kiousville is an unincorporated community in southern Fairfield Township , Madison County , Ohio , United States . It is located at , at the intersection of Kiousville-Georgesville Road and McKendree Road .
The community was originally known as Warnersville , after the owner of the land , Mr. Warner . The first store opened about 1867 . The first post office was established on January 27 , 1875 , as the Warnersville Post Office , with R. Watrous as the postmaster . The Warnersville Post Office was discontinued on June 17 , 1879 .
On February 28 , 1881 , the post office was re-established as the Kiousville Post Office , but was again discontinued on September 15 , 1900 . The mail service is now sent through the Mount Sterling branch . As of 1915 , the community contained only a few houses , one general store , and one blacksmith .
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County , Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Synaptura is a genus of soles . Most species are found in salt and brackish water in the Indo-Pacific and tropical East Atlantic , but S. salinarum is restricted to fresh water in Australia . The largest species in the genus reaches a length of .
Paul Chabanaud retained the genus named Synaptura for this group and they designated Pleuronectes commersonniias its type species . This designation is incorrect according to the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature and Synaptura as designated by Theodore Edward Cantor is a synonym of Brachirus . Due to this some workers have assigned the species previously assigned to Synaptura , as raised by Chabanaud to Dagetichthys , a previously monotypic genus which contained just Dagetichthys lakdoensis . This more broadly defined Dagetichthys for a monophyletic clade . Buglossidium luteum seems to be the most closely related taxon to Dagetichthys .
Species
There are currently seven recognized species in this genus :
Synaptura albomaculata Kaup , 1858 ( Kaup 's sole )
Synaptura cadenati Chabanaud , 1948 ( Guinean sole )
Synaptura commersonnii ( Lacépède , 1802 ) ( Commerson 's sole )
Synaptura lusitanica de Brito Capello , 1868
Synaptura lusitanica lusitanica de Brito Capello , 1868 ( Portuguese sole )
Synaptura lusitanica nigromaculata Pellegrin , 1905
Synaptura marginata Boulenger , 1900 ( White-margined sole )
Synaptura megalepidoura ( Fowler , 1934 )
Synaptura salinarum ( J. D. Ogilby , 1910 ) ( Saltpan sole )
References
Soleidae
Ray-finned fish genera
Taxa named by Theodore Edward Cantor
This is a list of Georgia companies , current and former businesses whose headquarters are , or were , in the U.S. state of Georgia .
Companies based in Georgia
A
Aaron 's , Inc .
Acuity Brands
Aflac
AGCO
Axiall
American Honda Power Equipment Division and Honda Marine Group
American Megatrends
AT & T Mobility
Atlanta Bread Company
Autotrader.com
B
Beazer Homes USA
Blue Bird Corporation
BlueLinx
C
Carter 's
Chick-fil-A
CNN
The Coca-Cola Company
Colonial Pipeline
Cox Communications
Cox Enterprises
Cox Radio
Crawford & Company
D
Delta Air Lines
E
EarthLink
Equifax
Exide
EyeMail Inc .
F
Floor & Decor
Flowers Foods
G
Genuine Parts Company
Georgia-Pacific
Global Franchise Group
Great American Cookies
Greenwood ( bank )
H
Hitachi Koki U.S.A. Ltd. and Hitachi Telecom Inc .
The Home Depot
Hooters
Huddle House
Havertys
L
LexisNexis Risk Solutions
LendingPoint
M
Manheim Auctions
Marble Slab Creamery
Moe 's Southwest Grill
N
NanoLumens
The National Bank of Georgia
NCR Corporation
Newell Brands
O
Oxford Industries
P
Pretzelmaker
R
Rollins , Inc .
RaceTrac Petroleum , Inc .
S
Sharecare
Southern Company
Southern Company Gas
Spanx
Sterling Ledet & Associates
SunTrust Banks
Synovus
T
Ted 's Montana Grill
The Weather Channel
Tropical Smoothie Cafe
TSYS
Turner Broadcasting System
V
Vendormate
W
W. C. Bradley Co .
Waffle House
WestRock
World Financial Group
Z
Zaxby 's
Companies formerly based in Georgia
A
Atlantic Southeast Airlines
B
Bill Heard Enterprises
Blimpie
C
CareerBuilder
Carmike Cinemas
Ciba Vision
D
Detonics
Don Pablo 's
E
Element Skateboards
G
Gold Kist
H
Harveys Supermarkets
I
Infor
K
Kaiser Permanente
M
Mirant
N
Newell Brands
R
RockTenn
S
Spectrum Brands
W
World Airways
References
Georgia
Enneapterygius cheni is a species of threefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius . It was described by S.C. Wang , K.T . Shao , and S.C. Shen in 1996 . It is a subtropical blenny found in the northwestern Pacific Ocean , and swims at depths ranging from 0–12 metres . It has been described from Taiwan and the Ryukyu Islands . Male E. cheni can reach a maximum length of 2.4 centimetres . The specific name honours the person who collected the type , Jeng-Ping Chen of the Taiwan Ocean Research Institute .
References
External links
Enneapterygius cheni at www.fishwise.co.za .
Enneapterygius cheni at World Register of Marine Species
cheni
Taxa named by Wang Shen-Chih
Taxa named by Shao Kwang-Tsao
Taxa named by Shen Shih-Chieh
Fish described in 1996
Fish of Taiwan
Karelin Bay ( ) is a bay-like indentation in the middle of the north part of the West Ice Shelf , Antarctica . Leskov Island lies immediately southeast of the bay . It was mapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition , 1956 , and named for professor of oceanography Dmitriy Karelin .
References
Bays of Princess Elizabeth Land
Lay Shokerkuiyeh ( , also Romanized as Lāy Shokerkū'īyeh ) is a village in Meymand Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 30 , in 4 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Rebecca Achieng Ajulu-Bushell ( born 1994 in Warrington , England , UK ) is a retired British swimmer , who won the 50m and 100m breaststroke at the 2010 British Swimming Championships . Prior to 2010 , they swam internationally for Kenya .
Born to a British mother and a Kenyan father , political activist and academic , Professor Rok Ajulu , Ajulu-Bushell left Britain at the age of 3 . They spent ten years living in Kenya and then South Africa with their mother and sisters . They learned to swim in the Indian Ocean at the age of 4 , and swam their first competition at 6 .
Swimming for Kenya , they won two gold medals at the 2008 African Swimming Championships ( 50m and 100m breaststroke ) , becoming the first female to win medals for Kenya at the African Championships . They also represented Kenya at the 2009 World Championships in Rome , Italy .
In early 2010 , Ajulu-Bushell made the decision to start swimming for Great Britain , and after a customary period without representing Kenya ( 1 year ) and with clearance from the Kenya federation , began swimming from Great Britain . They made their senior British debut at the 2010 European Championships in Budapest , Hungary , becoming the first black woman to swim for Britain . They went on to compete for England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi , India .
Ajulu-Bushell attended Plymouth College and was a classmate of Olympic diving medalist Tom Daley , but moved to London as they stepped up their preparation for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , attending Notting Hill and Ealing High School .
Ajulu-Bushell withdrew from competitive swimming in 2012 , following a plateau in form , and did not seek entry to the 2012 Games . In February 2012 , they announced the withdrawal was permanent .
In October 2012 they took up a place at Brasenose College , Oxford . Ajulu-Bushell graduated BFA from the Ruskin School of Art in 2015 . After setting up a communications and media agency called Nyar K'Odero Group , they turned to writing and filmmaking , directing and producing the critically acclaimed documentary , Breakfast in Kisumu , it had its international premier at IDFA in 2019 , nominated in the IDFA Competition for Short Documentary . The documentary , edited by Mdhamiri Á Nkemi , received a four-star review from The Guardian as part of an anthology , securing a distribution contract with the streaming platform , True Story . Ajulu-Bushell 's essay , Hegemanic America ( 2021 ) , won the annual US National 'Justice For ' essay prize .
Ajulu-Bushell joined the Department of African Cultural Studies of UW-Madison as a grad student in August 2020 to begin their PhD . They also started advocating for greater diversity in swimming , talking about racial inequalities in swimming in a 2020 interview with Sky Sports for Black History Month . They have since spoken about their own experience of racism during their swimming career .
References
British female swimmers
English female swimmers
Kenyan female swimmers
Living people
1994 births
Sportspeople from Warrington
Black British sportspeople
English people of Kenyan descent
People educated at Plymouth College
Swimmers at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
People educated at Notting Hill & Ealing High School
Shahuraj Birajdar ( born 19 July 1963 ) is a retired Indian boxer . They competed in the men 's bantamweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Indian male boxers
Olympic boxers of India
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Asian Games medalists in boxing
Boxers at the 1986 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Bantamweight boxers
Grafs of GRAFS may refer to :
GRAFS , human gene family
Grandpa Graf 's , American soft drink
People
Raitis Grafs ( born 1981 ) , Latvian basketball player
Gunnar Graps-Grāfs ( 1951–2004 ) , Estonian musician
See also
Graf ( disambiguation )
The Ernst Thälmann Pioneer Organisation , consisting of the Young Pioneers and the Thälmann Pioneers , was a youth organisation of schoolchildren aged 6 to 13 in East Germany . They were named after Ernst Thälmann , the former leader of the Communist Party of Germany , who was executed at the Buchenwald concentration camp .
The group was a subdivision of the Freie Deutsche Jugend ( FDJ , Free German Youth ) , East Germany 's youth movement . It was founded on 13 December 1948 and broke apart in 1989 on German reunification . In the 1960s and 1970s , nearly all schoolchildren between ages 6 and 13 were organised into Young Pioneer or Thälmann Pioneer groups , with the organisations having `` nearly two million children '' collectively by 1975 .
The pioneer group was loosely based on Scouting , but organised in such a way as to indoctrinate schoolchildren aged 6 – 13 with socialist ideology and prepare them for the Freie Deutsche Jugend , the FDJ . Afternoons spent at the pioneer group mainly consisted of a mixture of adventure , myth-like socialist indoctrination and the upkeep of revolutionary traditions . In the summer , children usually went to pioneer camps similar to the West German Wandervogel groups or the Scouts . International pioneer camps were also common , intended to foster friendship between different nationalities .
History
At the 17th congress of the FDJ 's central council , the `` Young Pioneers '' were officially founded on 13 December 1948 . It was the common political mass organisation for children in the GDR , run by the SED through the FDJ . From 1949 its chairperson was Margot Feist , who became Mrs Erich Honecker . From 1949 a newspaper was produced called `` The Young Pioneer '' ( Der junge Pionier ) , later called `` The Drum '' ( Die Trommel ) . In 1952 the organisation was named after Ernst Thälmann .
In 1949 the organisation already counted 714,258 young pioneers , i.e . about 30 % of all school-age children in the Soviet zone . By the end of the 1950s the majority of school-age children in East Germany were in the Thälmann pioneer organisation , the range going from 67.4 % in Berlin to 89.4 % in Dresden . In 1989 there were nearly two million schoolchildren in the organisation , or 98 % of all schoolchildren in East Germany .
The pioneers had a general meeting every few years , each time with a different theme .
1952 Dresden , opening meeting , naming of pioneers
1955 Dresden
1958 Halle , Saxony-Anhalt , Für Frieden und Sozialismus ( For Peace and Socialism )
1961 Erfurt , Bekenntnis zu ihrem sozialistischen Staat ( Vow to the Socialist State )
1964 Chemnitz ( then Karl-Marx-Stadt )
1970 Cottbus
1972 Dresden : performance show of the Young Pioneers / Thälmann Pioneers
1988 Chemnitz
In November 1989 , there was unrest in the cities of the GDR , such as the Monday demonstrations in Leipzig . The evening before the GDR 's 40th anniversary , the traditional parade of torches by the FDJ was accompanied by cries of `` Gorbi , Gorbi ! '' ( These events , as well as FDJ and Pioneer songs , are shown in the German language film Good Bye Lenin ! ) . The pioneers ' chairperson , Wilfried Poßner , who had led the organisation for the last four years , resigned . They were succeeded by Birgit Gappa , who was given the task of reforming the organisation but became its last leader . In August 1990 , after the fall of the Berlin Wall and shortly before German reunification , the Ernst Thälmann Pioneer organisation was dissolved . Since then , there have been no pioneer organisations in Germany .
Slogan and greeting
The pioneers ' slogan was Für Frieden und Sozialismus seid bereit – Immer bereit '' ( `` For peace and socialism be ready – always ready '' ) . This was usually shortened to `` Be ready - always ready '' . This was recited at the raising of the flag . One person said the first part , `` Be ready ! `` : this was usually the pioneer leader , the teacher or the head of the local pioneer group . The pioneers all answered `` Always ready '' , stiffening their right hand and placing it against their forehead with the thumb closest and their little finger facing skywards .
Uniform
The pioneers ' uniform consisted of white shirts and blouses bought by their parents , along with blue trousers or skirts until the 1970s and on special occasions . But often the only thing worn was the most important sign of the future socialist – the triangular necktie . At first this was blue , but from 1973 , the Thälmann pioneers wore a red necktie like the pioneers in the Soviet Union , while the Young Pioneers kept the blue one . Pioneers wore their uniforms at political events and state holidays such as the workers ' demonstrations on May Day , as well as at school festivals and pioneer events .
Membership
Membership in both the Young Pioneers and the Thälmann Pioneers was voluntary – membership was not required . However , it was seen as a matter of course by the state ( and thus the schools ) as well as by some parents . Most children simply followed the crowd , and nearly all children in each school class joined , although there were always some who did not do so , for example because they were religious or simply did not want to .
Opinions differ as to whether or not it was a disadvantage to refuse to join the organisation . Some people claim that they were shut out of organised events , but others say that they were allowed to take part in anything which interested them . In any case , at least one year 's membership of the Young Pioneers was required to be allowed to join the Thälmann pioneers , and membership in the Thälmann pioneers was necessary to join the FDJ . Some people who did not join the FDJ later found it hard to follow the university course of their choice , or to travel as freely as others .
Registration as a member took place on 13 December , the day the organisation was founded in 1948 ; usually those joining the Young Pioneers were aged 6 and those joining the Thälmann pioneers aged 10 .
Songs
The Pioneer songs were sung at any opportunity , including the following titles :
Wir tragen die Blaue Fahne – We carry the blue flag
Unser kleiner Trompeter – Our little trumpeter
Thälmann-Lied – Thälmann song
Pioniermarsch – Pioneers ' March
Der Volkspolizist – The People 's Policeman
Jetzt bin ich Junger Pionier – Now I am a Young Pioneer
Unsere Heimat – Our Heimat
Die Heimat hat sich schön gemacht – Our Homeland has smartened itself up
Auf zum Sozialismus – Onwards to Socialism
Kleine weiße Friedenstaube – Little White Dove of Peace
Lied der jungen Naturforscher – Song of the Young Nature Researchers
Wenn Mutti früh zur Arbeit geht – When Mother Goes to Work in the Morning
Gute Freunde – Good Friends
Hab'n Se nicht noch Altpapier – Got Any Waste Paper ?
Pioniere voran ! – Onwards , Pioneers !
Laßt Euch grüßen , Pioniere – Greetings , Pioneers
Immer lebe die Sonne – May There Always Be Sunshine
Friede auf unserer Erde – Peace on our Earth
Activities
The pioneers took part in a range of activities including sports , ceremonies and performances , meetings and waste collection for different causes . In their uniforms , and with their children 's enthusiasm , they were an attractive accompaniment to GDR anniversaries and festivals . In 1966 , for example , a delegation of children from the Pioneers and the FDJ symbolically handed over a bunch of red carnations in honour of the SED 's 20th anniversary .
Apart from presenting a youthful , positive face of socialism to the outside world , these activities were also designed to hammer home the message to the children involved that Socialism had a strong moral side . In 1971 a `` solidarity action '' took place in which the children collected a million roses for the American Angela Davis 's release . In 1973 , the World Festival of Youth and Students in Berlin carried the motto `` For anti-imperialistic solidarity , peace and friendship '' .
Activities were also a way of indoctrinating the children with socialist ideals : the `` Kurs 80 '' movement in 1978 aimed at familiarising the pioneers with the politics of the Working Class Party ( the SED ) .
Pioneer parks and camps
At the first nationwide youth meeting in 1950 at the Wuhlheide in East Berlin , a park was opened known as the Pionierrepublik „ Ernst Thälmann “ ( `` Ernst Thälmann Pioneers ' Republic '' ) , later changed to `` pioneers ' park '' . About 20,000 children stayed there for the meeting . A headquarters for the young pioneers was opened in Berlin at the same time .
In 1952 Wilhelm Pieck , then President of East Germany , ceremoniously opened another `` pioneers ' republic '' at Werbellinsee north-east of Berlin . It was based on a Soviet pioneer camp , the Artek . It was considered a privilege to be chosen to go to this camp ; every year about 1,000 pioneers were chosen to go there . The site is currently being modernised by an investor from Karlsruhe .
During the summer months , children were sent to the summer pioneer camps in East Germany and other socialist parts of the world , such as that in Dresden in 1952 . It was on this occasion that the organisation was given the name `` Ernst Thälmann '' .
In 1979 the Ernst Thälmann Pioneer Palace was opened .
International events
The elite of the pioneers were often sent abroad , usually to other Socialist or Communist countries , to foster international relations and emphasize the international nature of socialism to the children . In 1967 , a Friendship Train travelled to the Soviet Union carrying FDJ and Pioneer members . In 1972 pioneers sent more than a million `` messages of friendship '' to the Lenin Pioneers in the Soviet Union , who were celebrating their organisation 's 50th anniversary .
In 1974 , the Salut , Pobyeda action was begun in preparation for the 30th anniversary of the fall of Fascism : the Russian word `` Pobyeda '' ( Победа ) means `` Victory ! '' . It was the first international pioneer event at which children from Mongolia , North Vietnam and Cuba took part .
Collections
Young pioneers were also kept occupied by having to collect waste for recycling , such as paper and metal , East Germany being notoriously short on natural resources . For Wilhelm Pieck 's 80th birthday , for example , children collected 1.5 million Ostmark worth of waste materials and the money went towards the building of a merchant ship , called the `` Thälmann Pioneers '' . In 1957 stones were collected all across East Germany to build a new jetty at Rostock harbour .
In 1962 the first `` Week of Socialist Pioneer Aid '' took place , during which the pioneers collected enough recyclable materials to pay for 900 km of the `` Friendship Line '' ( Trasse der Freundschaft ) petroleum pipeline .
In 1980 , 3,307,585 Ostmark was collected for the children of Cambodia , and in 1983 , toys were collected for the children of Nicaragua .
Awards
One distinction for favoured pioneers was the awarding of medals of all kinds , such as the silver `` decoration of merit for the fatherland '' ( Vaterländischer Verdienstorden ) given to the Thälmann pioneers on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the founding of the GDR in 1959 . In 1968 the same award was presented in gold in honour of the 20th anniversary of the founding of the Thälmann pioneers .
Other symbols were also used to give pioneers a feeling of accomplishment or pride , such as the wearing of a red necktie , which was approved officially by the Central Committee of the pioneers in 1973 .
See also
Ernst Thälmann Pioneer Organisation session
Free German Youth , the parent organization
FRÖSI
Pioneer movement
Young Pioneer organization of the Soviet Union
Young Pioneers of China
National Front ( East Germany )
Further reading
Hensel , Jana ( 2004 ) After The Wall : Confessions from an East German Childhood and the Life that Came Next by Jana Hensel , 2004
Weyer , Jochen ( 1974 ) Youth in the GDR : Everyday life of young people under socialism .
References
External links
Picture archive of the German Museum of History
Youth Movement : German Democratic Republic
Education in East Germany
Pioneer movement
1948 establishments in Germany
Youth organizations established in 1948
1990 disestablishments in East Germany
Organizations disestablished in 1990
Mass organisations of East Germany
Historical youth wings of political parties in Germany
Oliver Hanjorge Risser ( born 17 September 1980 ) is a former footballer who played as a midfielder . They represented Namibia internationally as well as having spells playing in Norway , Finland , England and Belgium .
Club career
Born in Windhoek , Risser started their senior career with SpVgg EGC Wirges in 1999 and moved to Borussia Dortmund 's reserve team in 2003 , spending two seasons with the club in the German third division . They spent most of the 2005–06 season with SV Sandhausen in Oberliga Baden-Württemberg , one of the leagues in the fourth tier of German football . In April 2006 , they moved to Icelandic first-division side Breidablik for three months , before returning to fourth-division football in Germany and signing with Bonner SC of Oberliga Nordrhein , where spent the entire 2006–07 season . They moved to Hannover 96 II in January 2008 after a few months without a club , but left the club at the end of the season . After another eight months without a club , Risser moved to Norway , joining Manglerud Star in March 2009 .
On 21 August 2009 , Lyn agreed a loan deal for them from Manglerud Star .
In June 2011 , Risser went on a one-week trial with English League Two side Swindon Town , and after three days , manager Paolo Di Canio announced that Risser was to be offered a contract . They signed a two-year deal along with Ibrahim Atiku on the same day , 10 July . Ten days later , on 20 July , they were named Swindon captain for the 2011–12 season . They made a goalscoring debut for Swindon , netting the club 's second goal with a 30-yard strike against Crewe Alexandra in a 3–0 win at The County Ground on the opening day of the season . In October 2011 , Risser was replaced by Paul Caddis as club captain after losing their place in the side due to a groin injury . They scored their second goal for the club in a 1–1 draw against AFC Wimbledon in the Football League Trophy on 8 November 2011 , a game in which Swindon went on to win 3–1 on penalties . Risser received the first red card of their Swindon career in a 2–1 away win against Northampton Town , receiving a straight red card for a tackle on Northampton 's John Johnson . They went on to score two further goals during the campaign , in 2–0 victories against Torquay United and Barnet respectively . Risser made 40 appearances during the season , scoring four goals , as Swindon were promoted to League One as champions .
In August 2012 , Risser joined League One side Stevenage on loan until January 2013 , with a view to a permanent move . They made their Stevenage debut in the club 's 3–2 loss to Dagenham & Redbridge in the Football League Trophy on 4 September 2012 . Risser scored their first goal for Stevenage in a 1–1 draw against Doncaster Rovers at the Keepmoat Stadium on 22 September ; netting with a glancing header from a Filipe Morais cross . They went on to make 13 appearances during the loan spell , although Stevenage turned down the option to make the move permanent , and Risser returned to their parent club in January 2013 .
Shortly after returning to Swindon , it was announced that Risser had left the club after their contract was terminated by mutual consent . They subsequently signed for League Two side Aldershot Town on a free transfer on 6 January . Under manager Dean Holdsworth , they were a regular fixture in the side but after the arrival of new manager Andy Scott they were limited to appearances on the bench . By the end of the season they had made 15 appearances for Aldershot , scoring no goals . Risser was then believed to be one of the thirteen players made redundant as a result of the club going to administration .
International career
Risser has 27 caps for the Namibia national football team and represented Namibia at the 2008 African Cup of Nations .
Personal life
Risser 's younger brother , Wilko , is also a footballer .
Honours
Swindon Town
Football League Two ( 1 ) : 2011–12
Career statistics
Club
A . The `` League '' column constitutes appearances and goals ( including those as a substitute ) in the 3 . Liga , Úrvalsdeild , Norwegian Second Division , Adeccoligaen , Veikkausliiga , and the Football League .
B . The `` Other '' column constitutes appearances and goals ( including those as a substitute ) in the Football League Trophy .
International
References
External links
Profile at Weltfussball.de
Oliver Risser Interview
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Windhoek
Namibian people of German descent
White Namibian people
Namibian footballers
Namibia international footballers
2008 Africa Cup of Nations players
Borussia Dortmund II players
SV Sandhausen players
Oliver Risser
Bonner SC players
German expatriates in Iceland
Hannover 96 II players
Kuopion Palloseura players
Manglerud Star Toppfotball players
Ramblers F.C . players
Aldershot Town F.C . players
Swindon Town F.C . players
Stevenage F.C . players
English Football League players
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Namibian expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Expatriate footballers in England
Namibian expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Eliteserien players
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
Association football midfielders
Lierse Kempenzonen players
Veikkausliiga players
Oliver Risser
Namibian expatriate footballers
The App is an 2019 Italian drama directed by Elisa Fuksas , written by Elisa Fuksas and Lucio Pellegrini , and starring Vincenzo Crea , Jessica Cressy and Greta Scarano .
It was released on 26 December 2019 on Netflix .
Cast
Vincenzo Crea as Niccolò
Jessica Cressy as Eva
Greta Scarano as Ofelia
Maya Sansa as Maria
Abel Ferrara as the film director
Anita Kravos as Matilde
Giampiero Judica as attorney Tommaso Trapani
Romeo Pellegrini as John
Stella Mastrantonio as Miriam
Beatrice Puccilli as Molly
Release
The App was released by Netflix on December 26 , 2019 .
References
External links
2019 films
Italian-language Netflix original films
2010s Italian-language films
Italian drama films
2019 drama films
The Vermont Teddy Bear Company ( VTB ) is one of the largest producers of teddy bears and the largest seller of teddy bears by mail order and Internet . The company handcrafts each of its teddy bears and produces almost 500,000 teddies bears each year . The company was formerly traded on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the ticker symbol BEAR , but was taken private by The Mustang Group , a Boston-based private equity firm , on September 30 , 2005 , partially to avoid the reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act .
History
The company was founded in 1981 by John Sortino , who sold handcrafted teddy bears in an open-air market in Burlington , Vermont . Sortino happened upon the idea of packaging and selling bears through the mail when a tourist visiting Burlington wanted a bear mailed to their home . The concept was called the `` Bear-Gram '' , which features the customized teddy bear placed in a box ( complete with an `` air hole '' ) and stuffed with other goodies .
By 1995 , VTB had sponsored on the East Coast various guns-for-bears exchanges and expanded to the West Coast in 1996 starting with UC Irvine 's Student Physicians for Social Responsibility and the Brea Police Department .
In May 1997 , the Vermont Teddy Bear Co. filed a copyright infringement suit against Disney over `` Pooh-Grams '' being similar to its mail-order `` Bear-Gram '' trademark and logo .
VTB acquired Calyx & Corolla , an upscale flower company headquartered in Vero Beach , Florida , in 2003 but is no longer associated with VTB . One of Vermont Teddy Bear 's marketing slogans claimed that sending a teddy bear is `` a creative alternative to sending flowers . '' In 2005 , the company launched a new sister company , Gift Bag Boutique , which offered handbags and purses along with many make-up accessories . Along with PajamaGram , which sold gift pajamas , and TastyGram , which offered gourmet food gifts , the creation of this sister company brought the total number of companies under the Vermont Teddy Bear umbrella to five . Gift Bag Boutique and TastyGram stopped accepting orders as of June 26 , 2008 .
For Valentine 's Day of 2005 , Vermont Teddy Bear caused widespread controversy by offering a `` Crazy for You '' Bear which wore a white strait jacket with a red heart embroidered and a tag entitled `` Commitment Papers '' came with the bear . When mental health groups from all over the U.S. asked for the bear to be pulled out of production , VTB kept the bear up for sale but sold out quickly and Elizabeth Robert , the company head , resigned from the board of Vermont 's largest hospital , Fletcher Allen Health Care . In May , VTB agreed to be acquired by a Mustang-Group-led investment group for $ 6.50 a share .
Factory and Retail Store
By 1995 , the company moved into its new headquarters in Vermont 's Champlain Valley . The company had two factories : one in Shelburne and one in Newport . The Newport factory closed at the end of June 2010 while the Shelburne location remains the home of Vermont Teddy Bear . The Shelburne factory is an especially popular tourist destination , and also served as a concert site for the annual Vermont Mozart Festival . The company also maintained two retail locations in Vermont - Shelburne and Waterbury , however only the Shelburne store remains .
They offer tours of their factory where they make over 750 jointed teddy bears every day . They have over 50,000 visitors every year .
With the Vermont Cub Project created in 2017 , every Vermonter four years of age can go to the Bear Shop in Shelburne and make a free Vermont Teddy Bear ( up to $ 39.99 ) after getting a coupon through their website .
If you visit the Vermont Teddy Bear factory , you can make your very own bear . With the help of a Bear Ambassador in the Make A Friend for Life room , there are lots of choices to be made . First , you can select a bear with any kind of fur that you like . Then you spin the special stuffing wheel to select what goes inside , ranging from magic to love and hugs . Once the Teddy Bear is stuffed just the way you want it , it gets sewn up and brushed . After the new bear is all finished a birth certificate is filled out .
Product Lines
Vermont Teddy Bear has a wide product range of over 300+ items , the most popular being the 15 '' Jointed Bears in honey color . The bears can also come in Buttercream , Vanilla , Black Licorice , Gray , Pink , as well as longer premium fur colors Maple , Espresso and Snow . VTB also has a wide range of outfits available for most occasions and events . They recently have started carrying a variety of other animals including sloths , monkeys , and even dragons .
Every Vermont Teddy Bear is 100 % unconditionally guaranteed for life . That means that if anything ever happens to your Bear you can send it to the Vermont Teddy Bear Factory and they will nurse them or them back to health in the Bear Hospital at no charge . In the very sad event that your Bear is too badly injured and has no hope for a complete recovery , they will replace your Bear with a new one for free !
In addition to the regular teddy bears they also release limited edition bears with a very small quantity produced usually in editions of 35 or 50 .
Advertising
VTB was listed among `` ' a broad range of direct marketers ' pitched by the show 's hosts themselves '' who were taking out more ads on talk radio in 2010 , according to Dan Metter , director of talk-radio sales of Premiere Radio Networks .
References
Newport ( city ) , Vermont
Manufacturing companies based in Vermont
Shelburne , Vermont
Toy companies of the United States
Privately held companies based in Vermont
Teddy bear manufacturers
American companies established in 1983
Toy companies established in 1983
1983 establishments in Vermont
The albums discography of American country artist Tanya Tucker consists of 25 studio albums , three live albums , 30 compilation albums , nine video albums and one box set . At age 13 , Tucker released their debut album via Columbia Records entitled Delta Dawn ( 1972 ) . It peaked at number 32 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart . The following year they released What 's Your Mama 's Name , followed by Would You Lay with Me ( In a Field of Stone ) . Both studio albums certified gold by the RIAA . Tucker switched to MCA Records in 1975 and released a self-titled album the same year . It peaked at number 8 on the Top Country Albums chart and number 113 on the Billboard 200 records chart . Between 1976 and 1977 they issued four studio albums before the release of their 1978 's TNT , which was marketed towards a rock audience . It also certified gold from the RIAA .
After releasing three commercially unsuccessful albums , Tucker made a successful comeback on Capitol Records with Girls Like Me ( 1986 ) . The album peaked at number 20 on the Top Country Albums chart and produced four top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart . Tucker released three more successful albums in the 1980s : Love Me Like You Used To ( 1987 ) , Strong Enough to Bend ( 1988 ) , and the compilation The Greatest Hits ( 1989 ) . Tucker 's 1991 studio release What Do I Do with Me became their first album to certify platinum by the RIAA . The album also certified gold in Canada . In 1992 , Ca n't Run from Yourself reached number 12 on the Top Country Albums chart and number 51 on the Billboard 200 . It would also certify platinum in the United States . After releasing three more studio albums in the 1990s , Tucker issued 2002 's Tanya , which was in conjunction with their own Tuckertime record label . In 2009 Tucker released their twenty fourth studio album , My Turn , which featured covers of classic country hits . After a 10 year hiatus , Tucker returned in 2019 with the studio album While I 'm Livin ' . It was produced by Brandi Carlile and Shooter Jennings .
Studio albums
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s–2010s
Compilation albums
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s–2010s
Live albums
Box sets
Video albums
Other album appearances
Notes
References
Discographies of American artists
Country music discographies
Jarle Alex Aambø ( born 26 March 1960 ) is a Norwegian sports official . In 2013 NRK published the claim by Adresseavisen 's sport commentator ( Kjetil Kroksæter ) that Aambø had been forced to resign as leader of Olympiatoppen .
Since 2004 they are the leader of Olympiatoppen . They have their education from the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences .
They reside in Fjellhamar , Norway .
References
Norwegian sports executives and administrators
Norwegian School of Sport Sciences alumni
1960 births
Living people
A wax tablet is a tablet made of wood and covered with a layer of wax , often linked loosely to a cover tablet , as a `` double-leaved '' diptych . It was used as a reusable and portable writing surface in Antiquity and throughout the Middle Ages . Cicero 's letters make passing reference to the use of cerae , and some examples of wax-tablets have been preserved in waterlogged deposits in the Roman fort at Vindolanda on Hadrian 's Wall . Medieval wax tablet books are on display in several European museums .
Writing on the wax surface was performed with a pointed instrument , a stylus . A straight-edged spatula-like implement ( often placed on the opposite end of the stylus tip ) would be used as an eraser . The modern expression of `` a clean slate '' equates to the Latin expression `` tabula rasa '' .
Wax tablets were used for a variety of purposes , from taking down students ' or secretaries ' notes to recording business accounts . Early forms of shorthand were used too .
Use in antiquity
The earliest surviving exemplar of a boxwood writing tablet with an ivory hinge was among the finds recovered from the 14th-century BC Uluburun Shipwreck near Kaş in modern Turkey in 1986 . This find further confirmed that the reference to writing tablets in Homer was far from anachronistic .
An archaeological discovery in 1979 in Durrës , Albania found two wax tablets made of ivory in a grave believed to belong to a money lender from the 2nd century AD .
The Greeks probably started using the folding pair of wax tablets , along with the leather scroll in the mid-8th century BC . Liddell & Scott , 1925 edition gives the etymology of the word for the writing-tablet , deltos ( δέλτος ) , from the letter delta ( Δ ) based on ancient Greek and Roman authors and scripts , due to the shape of tablets to account for it . An alternative theory holds that it has retained its Semitic designation , daltu , which originally signified `` door '' but was being used for writing tablets in Ugarit in the 13th century BC . In Hebrew the term evolved into daleth .
In the first millennium BC writing tablets were in use in Mesopotamia as well as Syria and Palestine . A carved stone panel dating to between 640-615 BC that was excavated from the South-West Palace of the Assyrian ruler Sennacherib , at Nineveh in Iraq ( British Museum , ME 124955 ) depicts two figures , one clearly clasping a scroll and the other bearing what is thought to be an open diptych . Berthe van Regemorter identified a similar figure in the Neo-Hittite Stela of Tarhunpiyas ( Musée du Louvre , AO 1922 . ) , dating to the late 8th century BC , who is seen holding what may be a form of tablature with a unique button closure . Writing tablets of ivory were found in the ruins of Sargon 's palace in Nimrud . Margaret Howard surmised that these tablets might have once been connected together using an ingenious hinging system with cut pieces of leather resembling the letter “ H ” inserted into slots along the edges to form a concertina structure .
Use in medieval to modern times
Hériman of Tournai ( 1095—1147 ) , a monk at the abbey of St Martin of Tournai , wrote `` I even wrote down a certain amount on tablets '' .
A remarkable example of a wax tablet book are the servitude records which the hospital of Austria 's oldest city , Enns , established in 1500 . Ten wooden plates , sized 375 x 207 mm ( 14.76 x 8.15 inches ) and arranged in a 90 mm ( 3.54 inch ) stack , are each divided into two halves along their long axis . The annual payables due are written on parchment or paper glued to the left sides . Payables received were recorded for deduction ( and subsequently erased ) on the respective right sides , which are covered with brownish-black writing wax . The material is based on beeswax , and contains 5-10 % plant oils and carbon pigments ; its melting point is about 65 °C . This volume is the continuation of an earlier one , which was begun in 1447 .
Wax tablets were used for high-volume business records of transient importance until the 19th century . For instance , the salt mining authority at Schwäbisch Hall employed wax records until 1812 . The fish market in Rouen used them even until the 1860s , where their construction and use had been well documented in 1849 .
References
Further reading
Galling , K. , 1971 . `` Tafel , Buch und Blatt '' in Near Eastern Studies in Honour of W. F. Albright ( Baltimore ) , pp 207–23 .
Writing media
Manuscripts by type
Mustafa Yavuz ( born 13 April 1994 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a midfielder for FCM Traiskirchen .
Personal life
Yavuz is of Turkish descent .
References
External links
Austrian footballers
Austrian people of Turkish descent
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
2 . Liga ( Austria ) players
Austrian Regionalliga players
FK Austria Wien players
1 . Simmeringer SC players
FC Admira Wacker Mödling players
SC Wiener Neustadt players
1994 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Fran Norris ( 1911 – 1988 ) , or `` Aunt Fran '' was a children 's television pioneer , best known for their TV program `` Aunt Fran and Them Playmates '' which aired from 1950 to 1957 over WBNS-TV in Columbus , Ohio .
Fran Norris began creating what would be one of the first children 's programs beginning in 1949 in Plain City , Ohio after observing their four-year-old child imitate a television DJ show they were watching . They asked WBNS-TV to put them on the air so they could make a show geared directly to young children . They were not originally offered payment , however , their show quickly became such a hit that there was a waitlist for sponsors and children were booked up to a year in advance to be ‘ playmates ' on the show . Norris ' show is considered to be one of the first children 's programs to combine education with entertainment and was among the first to create a show designed to develop the cognitive and social skills of young children . Them show was the precursor for others such as Ding Dong School and Sesame Street .
In 2002 , a documentary film was made about Fran Norris and their show titled “ Making Television History : Aunt Fran and Them Playmates ” , that was co-produced and directed by University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB ) communication studies Assistant Professor June Mack , M.F.A .
References
External links
Aunt Fran video at the University of Georgia Libraries
Actresses from Columbus , Ohio
20th-century American actores
1911 births
1988 deaths
The 1981 Crispa Redmanizers season was the seventh season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) .
Colors
Crispa Redmanizers ( Open Conference ) ( dark ) ( light ) ( alternate ) Crispa Redmanizers ( Reinforced All-Filipino Conference ) ( dark ) ( light )
Transactions
During the Reinforced Filipino Conference , the Crispa Redmanizers recruited and signed four players from the Multi-titled APCOR ballclub in the MICAA namely ; Ramon Cruz , Arturo Cristobal , Padim Israel and Elpidio Villamin , a fifth recruit from the amateurs was Rudy Distrito .
With the Entry of former APCOR players , four players from Crispa who were part of the Open Conference lineup that lost to Toyota were dropped from the rosters ; Virgilio Dela Cruz , Tito Varela , Jaime Javier and Gregorio Dionisio .
Summary
Byron `` Snake '' Jones is playing in their sixth PBA season and will be returning for the Redmanizers in the Open Conference after seeing action for Crispa in the short Invitational Championship last year . Jones ' partner is 6-8 James Hardy , a first round pick of the New Orleans Jazz in the NBA .
Crispa won their first game of the season on March 8 against rival Toyota Super Diesels , 112-97 , spoiling the debut of new Toyota coach Ed Ocampo . The Redmanizers placed second in the team standings with 13 wins and five losses , a game behind San Miguel Beermen and U-Tex Wranglers after 18 games in the elimination round . In the semifinals , Crispa and Toyota arranged a title showdown as they raced to a similar 4-1 won-loss slates as opposed to U-Tex and San Miguel 's 1-4 card with still one scheduled game left in the semifinal round .
Crispa was a slight favorite to win the championship for having beaten the Super Diesels in three of their four previous meetings . The Redmanizers lost the first game of the series but scored back-to-back victories in Games two and three for a 2-1 lead and a win away from clinching the crown . Toyota came back to win the last two games of the best-of-five finals series and take home the Open Conference title .
In the Reinforced Filipino Conference , the Redmanizers paraded 6-1 Allan Green as their import . Crispa were tied with Toyota at first place with seven wins and two losses after the one-round elimination phase and advances into the semifinals by posting a 3-2 won-loss card in the round of six . In the semifinal round , the Redmanizers had to win two of their last three matches in the second round to force a playoff with Presto Fun Drinks for the second finals berth and the right to play U-Tex , which booked the first finals seat . Crispa defeated Presto , 119-114 on November 17 , to arrange a titular showdown with the Wranglers . The Redmanizers won their 9th PBA title with a 3-1 series victory over U-Tex .
Won-loss record vs Opponents
Open Conference roster
Reinforced All-Filipino Conference roster
Note : The four players released after the Open Conference upon the acquisition of five new recruits , may have played a couple of games in the Reinforced All-Filipino but were no longer part of the championship roster .
References
External links
Crispa team photo @ interbasket.net
Crispa Redmanizers seasons
Crispa
The Mpofana Local Municipality council consists of nine members elected by mixed-member proportional representation . Five councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in five wards , while the remaining four are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received . In the election of 3 August 2016 the African National Congress ( ANC ) won a majority of seven seats on the council .
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections .
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election .
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election .
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election .
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election .
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election .
References
Mpofana
Elections in KwaZulu-Natal
Salicylate decarboxylase ( , salicylic acid decarboxylase , Scd ) is an enzyme with systematic name salicylate carboxy-lyase . This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
salicylate phenol + CO2
In the reverse direction the enzyme catalyses the regioselective carboxylation of phenol into salicylate .
References
External links
EC 4.1.1
Harry Boomer ( born September 4 , 19 ? ? ) is a newscaster for CBS affiliate WOIO channel 19 in Cleveland , Ohio .
Bio
Harry Boomer attended Northern Virginia Community College , Alexandria , Virginia and The Columbia School of Broadcasting . Their career began in Washington , D.C. , where they were a Disco Jock , an on-air personality , music director , talk show host and served in various other management positions , including two stints as a news director ( United Broadcasting and Radio One ) .
Boomer came to Ohio in 1988 to manage and program WBXT-AM in Canton , Ohio . They also worked in public television at WEAO/WNEO-TV in Kent , Ohio and volunteered at WVIZ-TV 25 Idea Streams in Cleveland .
While covering assignments for WOIO/WUAB on a part-time basis in the early 1990s , they were heard regularly on WCPN-90.3 FM , Cleveland the NPR affiliate , where they served as assistant news director for more than five years . They were also a reporter , producer and major contributor to National Public Radio . Among other things , Boomer debuted a statewide news magazine program entitled Infohio for the radio station . Boomer took a full time reporter position at channels 19 and 43 WOIO/WUAB and is currently an anchor/reporter and talk show host for the stations . They are the longest tenured , continuous on-air personality at the stations celebrating more than 27 years as of 2017 . Boomer received the Silver Circle Award in 2015 from the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences/NATAS , a distinction given for at least 25 years in television .
Boomer is the president of the Greater Cleveland Association of Black Journalist/GCABJ , a position they have held for a third time . GCABJ is an affiliate chapter of the National Association of Black Journalists . Twice during Boomer 's leadership , the chapter has been named the NABJ Professional Chapter of the Year , most recently in 2016 . They are a valued member of the editorial board of Cleveland 19 and CLE 43 in Cleveland , Ohio . They are the executive producer and host of CLE 43 Focus , a weekly , half-hour public affairs show . In 2014 Boomer was named a HistoryMaker and an oral video of their life 's story is part of a permanent archive at the Library of Congress . They were named in 2016 as president of the Cleveland Police Athletic League and to the board the Historic League Park in the Hough community of Cleveland . They have served on the boards of the Ohio Associated Press , The Ohio Center for Broadcasting , First Tee Cleveland , the Citizens Committee on AIDS/HIV , the North East Ohio Health Services Board of Directors . They served a member of the Continuing Education Committee at Cleveland State University .
Personal
Boomer is active in the community , often serving as master of ceremonies and keynote speaker at events throughout northeast Ohio . When he 's not working , they enjoy talking politics and visiting friends and family around the country .
Awards
1996 Cleveland Communicators ' Awards Best Hard Single News Story ( `` Anti-Gingrich Protest )
1996 Cleveland Communicators ' Awards Best Public Service Program ( The Subject is Sex )
1996 Ohio Educational Telecommunications Network Program of the Year ( The Subject is Sex )
1996 Ohio Educational Telecommunications Network News and Public Affairs Program ( The Subject is Sex )
2007 inductee - Ohio Broadcasters Hall of Fame
2014 HistoryMaker/Library of Congress
2015 Silver Circle Award/NATAS
2022 Gold Circle Award/NATAS
References
External links
Harry Boomer 's Twitter Page
American broadcast news analysts
African-American television personalities
Television anchors from Cleveland
People from Washington , D.C .
Living people
Cleveland State University people
1953 births
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
The 1878 Brown Bears football team represented Brown University in the 1878 college football season . The team traveled to Amherst , Massachusetts and played the Amherst in their first football game .
Schedule
References
Brown
Brown Bears football seasons
College football winless seasons
Brown Bear football
Franco Squillari was the defending champion .
Squillari successfully defended their title , defeating Tommy Haas 6–4 , 6–4 in the final .
Seeds
Thomas Enqvist ( semifinals )
Younes El Aynaoui ( quarterfinals )
Tommy Haas ( final )
Mariano Zabaleta ( first round )
Andrei Medvedev ( first round )
Fernando Meligeni ( quarterfinals )
Franco Squillari ( champion )
Slava Doseděl ( second round )
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
2000 BMW Open Singles draw
Singles
Thailand first participated at the Universiade in 1985 , and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Universiade since then .
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
Medals by Winter Games
Medals by Summer Sport
Medals by Winter Sport
List of medalists
See also
Olympics
Thailand at the Olympics
Thailand at the Youth Olympics
Paralympic
Thailand at the Paralympics
Asian Games
Thailand at the Asian Games
Thailand at the Asian Para Games
Other
Thailand at the World Games
References
External links
FISU History at the FISU
Nations at the Universiade
Universiade
Student sport in Thailand
Camilla Cobb ( 1843–1933 ) was the founder of the first kindergarten in Utah .
Early life and marriage
Camilla Cobb was born Camilla Clara Mieth in Dresden , Germany . Them older sister , Anna , was married to Karl G. Maeser . Cobb joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in 1855 and emigrated to the United States with the Maeser family on the packet ship Tuscarora in 1857 . They arrived in Utah in 1860 .
Four years later , in 1864 , Camilla married James T. Cobb ( 1833-1910 ) , a man who had been baptized after their arrival in Utah by Karl G. Maeser . James Cobb taught under Maeser at the 15th Ward School . James and Camilla Cobb went on to become the parents of seven children .
Career as an educator
In 1874 , while in New York and surrounding areas visiting their husband 's relatives , Cobb went to New Jersey and was trained as a kindergarten teacher in a system run by Adolph Douai . Upon their return to Utah in the fall of 1874 they founded a kindergarten in Salt Lake City with the help of John W. Young . The following year they wrote an article in the Woman 's Exponent explaining the importance of kindergarten . They maintained their school as a kindergarten for two years , and later opened it to children of all ages . Among their students was Heber J . Grant , who would later be president of the LDS Church .
Church leadership
When the Salt Lake Stake primary was first organized in 1880 , Cobb was made a counselor in its presidency . They remained in this position until 1896 , when they were made president of the Salt Lake Stake primary , overseeing the LDS primary in all of Salt Lake County . At that point the Salt Lake primary had 46 associations , nearly 4,000 children , and 309 adults holding teaching or other positions . Cobb served as head of the Salt Lake Stake primary until the Salt Lake Stake was divided in 1904 .
Beginning in 1898 Cobb served as a member of the Primary General Board . They remained on the general board until 1917 .
References
Further reading
Frantz , Catherine Britsch , `` Camilla Cobb '' in Garr , Arnold K. , Donald Q. Cannon and Richard O. Cowan ed. , Encyclopedia of Latter-day Saint History , ( Salt Lake City : Deseret Book , 2000 ) p. 223 ; Britsch , Catherine “ Camilla C. Cobb : Founder of the Kindergarten in Utah ” unpublished dissertation to the Department of Educational Leadership and Foundations , BYU , 1997 .
1843 births
1943 deaths
19th-century American educators
Education in Utah
German Latter Day Saints
Converts to Mormonism
German emigrants to the United States
Primary ( LDS Church ) people
19th-century American women educators
Facelina olivacea is a species of sea slug , an aeolid nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Facelinidae .
Distribution
This species was described from Table Bay Harbour and Saldanha , Western Cape , South Africa . It is endemic to the Cape Province of South Africa . It has also been found at Knysna and Jeffrey 's Bay , Eastern Cape on the Indian Ocean coast .
References
Facelinidae
Gastropods described in 1954
Fred André ( 31 May 1941 – 24 January 2017 ) was a Dutch footballer . They played as a centre-back at club level from the early-1960s to the late-1970s . They were best known for playing for Telstar from 1963 to 1976 , making 328 appearances for the club . They also played for Volendam . They later managed Telstar from 1983 to 1987 .
André died on 24 January 2017 at the age of 75 .
References
1941 births
2017 deaths
Footballers from Haarlem
Association football defenders
Dutch footballers
Dutch football managers
FC Volendam players
SC Telstar players
SC Telstar managers
Michal Ranko ( born 19 February 1994 ) is a Slovak football defender , who plays for Zemplín Michalovce .
Club career
ViOn Zlaté Moravce
Ranko made their professional Fortuna Liga debut for ViOn Zlaté Moravce against AS Trenčín on 30 July 2016 .
On 26 July 2018 , they signed a contract with Motor Lublin .
References
External links
Eurofotbal profile
Futbalnet profile
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Trenčín
Slovak footballers
Association football defenders
FK Dubnica players
AFC Nové Mesto nad Váhom players
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce players
FK Senica players
Motor Lublin players
MFK Skalica players
MFK Zemplín Michalovce players
Slovak Super Liga players
2 . Liga ( Slovakia ) players
III liga players
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Slovak expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Polish–Mongolian literary relations are the interrelationships between Polish and Mongolian literature that date to the late Middle Ages . There are also links between Polish and Mongolian philology and literary studies . Their first manifestations were reports about Mongols in the Polish chronicles and in the relations of medieval Polish travelers to Asia . Knowledge about Mongolia in Poland became more vivid in the 19th century , when many Polish adventurers , prisoners in Siberia ( see sybirak ) , learned people and business people of the part of Poland under Russian rule engaged heavily in Siberian , Mongolian , and Chinese affairs . Interest in Polish matters in Mongolia is smaller and dates mainly to the 20th century . There are also literary works ( mainly adventure novels ) about Mongolia in the Polish literature and a few translations of Polish literature into Mongolian , or Mongolian literature into Polish .
Early works
There are numerous mentions of the Mongols in the writings of virtually all Polish chroniclers , notably Jan Długosz . From the 15th to the 18th centuries , Mongolian affairs were connected or identified in Poland directly with the severe devastation wrought on the country by the Mongol invasions from late 1240 to 1241 , then again in 1259–1260 and in 1287–1288 . Mongol tumen under Orda Khan devastated most of central Poland , besieged and sacked Lublin , Sandomierz , Wolbórz , Łęczyca , then turned south towards Sieradz and Wrocław . All the while , the armies of Baidar and Kadan ravaged the southern part of Poland including Chmielnik , the royal city of Kraków , Bytom , Opole , Legnica and others . Panic spread through the Polish lands . In 1259 , mere 18 years after the first attack , two tumens of 40,000 men from the Golden Horde under the leadership of Berke , attacked Poland again . Most towns in Galicia and Volhyinia were burned to the ground . The Rus soldiers under Daniel 's son , Lev , and brother , Vasily , joined the Mongol expedition . Here 's where the Mongolian affairs became connected and identified in Poland with the Tatar issues . More death and destruction was unleashed on the cities of Lublin , Sieradz , Sandomierz , Zawichost , Kraków and Bytom . The Golden Horde remained very important in the literary tradition of Poland dating back to the Middle Ages . It inspired such works as a treatise on the origin of the Tatars by Mikołaj Rozembarski ( 1499 ) .
Until the 19th century Polish–Mongolian relations were sporadic . Some of the earliest European mentions about the life , history and culture of the Mongols come from the travel reports from the journey to the Great Khan in the years 1245–47 , written by Franciscan friars , members of the expedition prepared by the pope Innocent IV and headed by Giovanni da Pian del Carpine . One of the members of this expedition was Benedict of Poland . They wrote a short account of their journey , De Itinere Fratrum Minorum ad Tartaros . An author of the more extensive account of this journey , based on Benedict 's oral narrative , Hystoria Tartarorum , was C. de Bridia , probably also a Pole . Hystoria Tartarorum contains an important description of the Battle of Legnica , one of the most important events during the Mongol invasion of Poland .
19th century
The first nineteenth-century Polish traveler to Mongolia was Jan Potocki ( 1761–1815 ) , who visited Mongolia during their journey to China and wrote a travel report in French ( Polish translation Podróże , 1959 ) . The father of the Polish Mongolian philology was Józef Kowalewski , who visited Mongolia several times ( 1829 , 1831–33 ) . Kowalewski was a former filomata , a friend of Adam Mickiewicz , a professor of Mongolian philology at the University of Kazan , an author of several works devoted to very diverse aspects of Mongolian culture and language , often pioneering . Their most important work is a Mongolian–Russian–French dictionary in three volumes ( 1844–49 ) . Polish research on the geography and culture of Mongolia intensified after the January Uprising , when many Poles became political prisoners in neighboring Siberia – one of the most famous among Poles participating in the research expeditions to Mongolia was Aleksander Czekanowski .
20th century
World-famous among turkologists and mongolists was a Polish scholar Władysław Kotwicz , author of many works devoted to Mongolia and Mongolian literature , the discoverer ( 1912 ) of the old-Mongolian stone inscriptions in the Erdene Zuu Monastery . Other well-known Polish mongolists were Marian Lewicki , Stanisław Kałużynski and Stanisław Godziński . Lewicki prepared editions of many monuments of the classical Mongolian literature .
In 20th-century Mongolia there was interest in Polish literature , strengthened by the fact that both communist Mongolia and communist Poland belonged to the same political bloc . Many translations of Polish literary works into Mongolian were published , although they were usually translated indirectly , through the Russian language . Especially a large number of Polish children 's literature was translated into Mongolian . However , most of these texts were published in magazines and not as books . Some Mongolian citizens studied Polish philology at Polish universities . Some translators translated literary works directly from Polish into Mongolian . Among the most important were D. Biambaa ( poems of Władysław Broniewski and Konstanty Ildefons Gałczyński ) , B. Bandi ( Polish folk literature ) , P. Biambasan and D. Kim ( novels by Ewa Szelburg-Zarembina ) . The most important translator was Byambyn Rinchen ( 1905–77 ) : writer , historian , ethnographer and linguist , who translated into Mongolian many main literary works of many world literatures , including ( directly from Polish ) works of Adam Mickiewicz , Wanda Wasilewska , Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz and Jerzy Andrzejewski . There are translations of their ethnographical books into Polish .
The number of translations of contemporary Mongolian literature into Polish is not very big . As in the case of translations from Polish to Mongolian , many texts were translated through the Russian language . To the most important belong Opowiadania mongolskie [ Mongolian Stories ] by Tsendiin Damdinsüren ( 1953 ) , Wiersze [ Poems ] by Begzin Yavuuhulan ( 1962 ) and the novel Przejrzysty Tamir [ The Crystal Clear Tamir River ] by Chadraabalyn Lodoidamba ( 1980 ) . Translations directly from Mongolian were published mainly in the orientalist journal Przegląd Orientalistyczny , for example poetry and prose of Dashdorjiin Natsagdorj translated by Stanisław Godziński and Adam Latusek . Godziński translated also a selection of Mongolian epic poetry and chronicles ( W kręgu lamajskich legend i mitów [ Among lamaist legends and myths ] , 1981 ) . To the most important translators of the classic Mongolian literature belongs Stanisław Kałużynski . They prepared Głosy z Jurty [ Voices of the yurts ] ( 1960 ) – a selection of Mongolian riddles , parables , proverbs , etc . ; Tajna historia Mongołów ( 1970 ) , a translation of the anonymous thirteenth-century Mongolian chronicle The Secret History of the Mongols ; Tradycje i legendy ludów Mongolii [ Traditions and legends of the peoples of Mongolia ] ( 1978 ) , which include excerpts from the seventeenth-century chronicle Erdeniin Tobchi and Mongolian folk epic poetry . Among Polish writers , whose works were affected by the culture of Mongolia , were Wacław Sieroszewski – especially their novel Dalaj Lama [ The Dalai Lama ] ( 1927 ) and its versions for children W niepodległej Mongolii [ In the independent Mongolia ] ( 1937 ) ; Ferdynand Antoni Ossendowski – especially their travel novel Przez kraj ludzi , zwierząt i bogów [ In the country of people , animals and gods ] ( 1923 ) ; Kamil Giżycki ( Przez Urianchaj i Mongolię , 1929 ) ; Przecław Smolik , an author of the story on the life of Buryats Wśród wyznawców Burchan-Buddhy [ Among the believers of Burchan-Buddha ] ( 1925 ) .
References
Bibliography
Ludwik Bazylow , Historia Mongolii , Wrocław 1981
Adam Latusek , chapter Mongolia of the article Orient , in : Literatura polska . Przewodnik encyklopedyczny , vol . 2 , Warszawa 1985
Jerzy Strzelczyk ( ed . ) , Spotkanie dwóch światów . Stolica Apostolska a świat mongolski w połowie XIII wieku . Relacje powstałe w związku z misją Jana di Piano Carpiniego do Mongołów , Poznań 1993
Robert Urbański , Tartarorum gens brutalis . Trzynastowieczne najazdy mongolskie w literaturze polskiego średniowiecza na porównawczym tle piśmiennictwa łacińskiego antyku i wieków średnich , Wydawnictwo IBL PAN , Warszawa 2007 , `` Studia Staropolskie . Series Nova '' , vol . XV ( LXXI )
Comparative literature
Mongolian literature
Polish literature
Elizabeth Fry Ashmead Schaeffer ( E.F.A . Schaeffer ) ( February 16 , 1812 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania – November 2 , 1892 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) , was the founder of the Lutheran Home at Germantown for Orphans and an active leader of many ministries of the Lutheran Church in Philadelphia . They were the wife of Rev . Charles William Schaeffer and mother of four children .
Early history
Elizabeth was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania on February 16 , 1812 in the Germantown area . Them parents were James Ashmead and Eve Frey ( Fry ) . Elizabeth was baptized at St. Michael 's Lutheran Church in Germantown on May 18 , 1812 . They had five older siblings , ( John , William , Anna , James and Charles ) and two younger siblings ( Catherine and George ) . Elizabeth and George ( born in 1818 ) would grow up to be very close friends and business partners .
Elizabeth was confirmed at St. Michael 's in 1825 by Rev . John C. Baker . In 1826 , their mother Eve , died at the age of fifty-three .
In 1828 , Rev . Baker was called to Trinity , Lancaster and the new pastor , Rev . Benjamin Keller was called to St. Michael 's . This move would be very important in Elizabeth 's life because along with this new pastor came their future husband , Charles W. Schaeffer . Charles ' father died when they were two and so their mother , Catherine , remarried Rev . Keller and by the time they moved to Germantown , Charles was confirmation age .
Early career
As Rev . Keller began their service at St. Michael 's , issues of women 's role and their place in the church began to arise . In December , 1833 , Elizabeth was a key leader in a meeting of women and men to develop a missionary and education society at St. Michael 's . They submitted a constitution to Rev . Keller to take before the congregation and on January 22 , 1834 , the Female Domestic Missionary and Education Society of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of St. Michael 's Germantown was born .
Elizabeth was elected the first secretary of the Society and held the position until 1837 , until they were forced to step down because of their marriage to , the now ordained , Rev . Charles W. Schaeffer ( married in 1836 ) . They were ordained at St. Michael 's in 1835 but served at Barren Hill and Whitemarsh parish .
Elizabeth 's resignation from the Society and departure from St. Michael 's came around the same time that Rev . Keller was asked to resign by the congregation due to issues around using German or English during the worship services and issues over whether or not women could vote in religious settings . Afterwards , Elizabeth attended Barren Hill and Whitemarsh with their husband , Charles W. Schaeffer . There is strong indication that they assumed strong leadership roles in every congregation that their husband served and they were the head of many benevolent organizations throughout the years . In 1841 , they and Rev . Schaeffer moved to Harrisburg where they became the parents of two sons and two daughters : Katherine , Charles , Eva , and William .
In 1849 , St. Michael 's Germantown had moved to an all English speaking worship service and were in need of a pastor . It took months to fill and they finally called Rev . Charles W. Schaeffer and Elizabeth . Elizabeth would resume their leadership roles in the Missionary and Education Society and lead it in a new direction with the creation of an Orphan 's Home .
Founding the Lutheran Home at Germantown
The Story of the First Dollar
As Elizabeth began to increase their role in leadership at St. Michael 's , they and their husband were visited by the Rev . William A. Passavant on their way to the Ministerium of Pennsylvania . Passavant was known for their work in developing social ministries and they had recently opened an Orphan 's Home in Pittsburgh , PA . Depending on the account it differs as to which one made the original suggestion , but in talking Rev . Passavant and Elizabeth came to the conclusion that Philadelphia also needed an Orphans ' Home . And so , Passavant said to her , `` Now , everything must have a beginning : I will give you the first dollar . '' Elizabeth placed that dollar in their knitted purse and began working tirelessly to start the Lutheran Home at Germantown for Orphans .
Opening and Leadership
The Home opened on March 12 , 1859 and it was clear that at first the Home was managed by women under the leadership of Elizabeth . They had the chief administrative role as director and treasurer . Other women helped to manage the home around them and would meet with their weekly to sew and help with other needs for the children .
On May 1 , 1860 , a constitution and by-laws were finalized , officers were elected and an application was sent to the state for incorporation for the Home . Two ladies were to be chosen by each of the local Lutheran congregations to be representatives to constitute the Board of Lady Managers . While the Board of Trustees constituted of mostly men ( other than Elizabeth Schaeffer as the director ) , it was especially stipulated that the Board of Trustees were not to interfere with the domestic affairs of the Home but that responsibility fell to the Board of Lady Managers . This included the hiring and firing of all staff , the selection of orphans and , the supervision of staff , including matron , nurses , and servants . Elizabeth Schaeffer saw over everything . They presided over the Household Committee of the Board of Managers and held the position of treasurer of the Home , looking over income and expenditures .
Changing Roles
In 1864 , as the amount of orphans increased and Elizabeth 's role was changing Elizabeth 's brother , George Ashmead , took over as treasurer . The amount of orphans being received rose drastically because of the number of children orphaned due to the conflict of the Civil War . As of July 1865 there were 68 orphans , October 2nd there were 107 , and by the next April there were 131 orphaned children .
Due to the increase in children , the Board of Trustees decided to construct additional buildings . Elizabeth played a large role in as they led several fundraising events , like a great fair in 1869 .
Due issues of finances and debt , the Board of Trustees decided to disband the Board of Lady Managers and give direct management of the Home to the Ministerium of Pennsylvania . Elizabeth had always opposed the transfer to the Ministerium but many family and friends disagreed with them On April 9 , 1872 the legislature approved the change and it was announced to the Board on May 16 , 1872 , although Elizabeth was not present . The Board of Lady Managers was disbanded and a new one , the Board of Lady Visitors , was created to support the children of the Home , at which point a new President was elected , Mrs. Mary Steiner .
Although they had firmly opposed the transfer to the Ministerium , Elizabeth remained active in the Home as a fundraiser and worked with the Board of Lady Visitors , even becoming the President again in 1878 .
Time at the seminary
When the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia opened in 1864 , Elizabeth 's husband 's uncle , Charles F. Schaeffer was the head of the faculty and the only full-time professor . During this time , the women of the Lutheran congregations of Philadelphia became active in assisting the institution . The women , including Elizabeth , sent a letter to the new board encouraging the creation of a women 's committee to `` superintend and regulate the domestic departure of the institution . '' The women helped to make significant improvements to the campus . In 1872 , a new building was erected and ladies from congregations all around contributed furniture and hosted an open house .
In 1875 , Charles W. Schaeffer was elected as the Burkhalter Professor at the Seminary and they and Elizabeth and their family moved closer to the seminary at 4784 Germantwon Ave . This is where Elizabeth would spend their remaining years , just a few houses down from where they were born .
Death and remembrance
Elizabeth Fry Ashmead Schaeffer passed away on November 22 , 1892 . After their death the Board of the Germantown Home passed a resolution : Resolved , that while we humbly bow to our Father 's will and gratefully acknowledge Their goodness in permitting Mrs. Schaeffer to serve Him so long and so faithfully in this life , we pray that their example may stimulate others to follow in their steps , as they followed Christ.In 1903 , the Schaeffer-Ashmead Memorial Chapel was constructed at the Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia in honor of Elizabeth Fry Ashmead Schaeffer and their husband and Professor Rev . Charles W. Schaeffer . The Memorial was given by their son , Rev . William Ashmead Schaeffer ( missionary superintendent of the Ministerium of Pennsylvania ) , and their daughter , Katie Schaeffer .
References
1812 births
1892 deaths
American founders
American Lutherans
People from Philadelphia
19th-century Lutherans
Polska Ludowa ( , People 's Poland ) was a semi-official reference to the Polish state under Communism . The term was intended to imply the power of the working people in the state . It was a colloquial reference , including official speeches , but was also sometimes used in official documents .
The official names of the state were :
Rzeczpospolita Polska ( 1944-1952 ) ( `` Polish Commonwealth '' )
Polska Rzeczpospolita Ludowa ( 1952-1989 ) , Polish People 's Republic
References
Communism in Poland
Political catchphrases
Policarpo Infante Fierro ( born 26 May 1948 ) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party . From 2000 to 2003 they served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Sinaloa .
References
1948 births
Living people
Politicians from Sinaloa
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Mexico )
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Mexico ) for Sinaloa
El Pilar is an ancient Maya city center located on the Belize-Guatemala border . The site is located north of San Ignacio , Belize and can be accessed through the San Ignacio and Bullet Tree Falls on the Belize River . The name `` El Pilar '' is Spanish for `` watering basin '' , reflecting the abundance of streams around the site and below its escarpment , which is rare in the Maya area .
The monuments of El Pilar are at the center of a protected area known as El Pilar Archeological Reserve for Maya Flora and Fauna , declared a cultural monument in both Belize and Guatemala in 1998 . El Pilar is the largest Maya site in the Belize River area with over 25 plazas and hundreds of other major buildings , covering about .
Archeological discovery
Archaeologist Anabel Ford first mapped El Pilar in 1983 in the course of their Belize River Archaeological Settlement Survey or BRASS project . Settlement patterns in the region suggest a hierarchy of community size and composition that was directly related to farmland . One of the most extensive areas was of farmlands discovered at El Pilar , north of the Belize River on the edge of the major upland escarpment that leads to the major center of Tikal .
History
Since 1993 , a major archaeological field survey excavation project marked the initial examination of El Pilar . Under the direction of Anabel Ford , the detailed map was executed with engineering survey instruments and excavations focused on access ways , stairs , and doorways . When the monuments were mapped , the team verified the causeway system that linked from the east to the west uniting one ancient Maya center in two modern nations : Belize and Guatemala . Later excavations tunneled into major temple revealing a 2000 years construction history . Ford and their team are currently working with Lidar in order to map the area more extensively .
The city grew from Middle Preclassic period ( 800 BC ) , with the first small temples and plazas identified in the main eastern temple of Plaza Copal . The civic area was expanded , reaching its greatest extent before 1000 AD . At its height in the Late Classic , the total population of El Pilar is estimated to have exceeded 180,000 .
Ford and their team have excavated many of the plazas , temples and palaces of the monumental civic area . Surrounding the monuments is the residence that made up the ancient Maya community . Tzunu'un , a residential unit discovered , mapped and tested in 1984 , became the focus of a major investigation that excavated , exposed , and consolidated an elite Maya house . This is the only archaeological house that the public has access to today . Working with Master Maya forest gardeners , the team has developed a forest garden around the house site . The forest gardens of El Pilar are now maintained by the Maya farmers as part of the El Pilar Forest Garden Network .
Conservation and ecotourism
The El Pilar Archeological Reserve for Maya Flora and Fauna is open to the public and has a series of trails providing access throughout the site . Tourists can take a taxi from Bullet Tree Falls directly into the Maya site . Intrepid visitors can experience both ancient and contemporary aspects of Maya life promoting Maya culture in the area . There is an active initiative to make El Pilar of Belize and Guatemala the first archaeological peace park in the world . While El Pilar is protected in Belize and Guatemala and rangers are on site , it remains under threat by looters and was placed on the World Monument Fund 's 1996 list of 100 Most Endangered Sites in the World . Ford 's conservation strategy , called Archaeology Under the Canopy , promotes the conservation of ancient Maya monuments in the context of their natural environmental context . Sheltered under the forest canopy after 1000 years of neglect , El Pilar and all the Maya monuments are best maintained in the shade . This preserves Maya cultural heritage along with the forest gardens the Maya created .
Notes
References
Maya sites in Belize
Pilar
Former populated places in Belize
Former populated places in Guatemala
Protected areas of Belize
Protected areas of Guatemala
Archaeological sites in Guatemala
Ubayakathirgamam is a temple dedicated to the Hindu god Muruga , who is worshipped as presiding deity of Kali Yuga . The prefix Ubaya- means `` second '' or `` sub '' in Tamil . Hence the temple got its name , as it is considered to be a second Kathirgamam ( Kataragama ) of the country . This temple is in Puloly in the Jaffna Peninsula of Sri Lanka .
Location
Ubayakathirgamam can be reached by taking a walk through Vallipuram Road , from Manthikai Junction , which is on the Point Pedro - Jaffna Road . A Vinayagar temple named Periyadevanatthay Alayam is also situated beside Ubayakathirgamam . Devotees from Puloly and Point Pedro come regularly to the daily Poojas . During the Karthikai Star on the month of Karthikai , the temple will be filled by devotees from all over the country for its Camphor Festival . It should also be noted that the Theertham festival falls on a Thiruvona Star , close upon to the Theertham festival of Kataragama temple .
How to reach
The temple is at a distance of 31.7 km from Jaffna Railway station . One has to drive from Jaffna towards Point Pedro , via Nelliyady and Manthikai junction . The temple is at 1.7 km from the Manthikai ( Manthigai ) Government Hospital .
Temple timings
On normal days , the morning puja is performed at 7:00 am . Temple is open for devotees from 07:00 to around 12:00 noon . Evening puja is performed by around 05:00 pm and the temple is open for devotees from 05:00 to 08:00 pm .
Moolavar
Ubayakathirgamam Moolavar is a Chakkara Yantra , which appeared on a white rock itself . As unlike in other temples of Muruga , the Moola Linga is in the form of a Chakkara Yantra , hence the temple got its name `` Ubayakathirgamam Sri Chakkara Shanmugar Alayam '' . The noticeable feature of this Chakkara Yantra is it was not made by hand of man . It is a Suyambu Linga , the Holy one revealing themselves in nature on the white rock . There are a few projections and letters representing God Vinayagar and the Shakties of Siva , to the right of the yantra . The Wood apple tree , which is also said to have divine power as the Thala Viruksha of the temple , is named as Vilatheeswaran .
History
This temple was discovered and named Ubayakathirgamam by Lady T.S.Logambal devotee of Muruga , who hails from Tirunelveli , a city in Tamil Nadu . The Lady Logambal publication mentions that in the year 1909 , God Muruga appeared in a dream to Lady Logambal and informed the existence of the Chakkara Yantra on the surface of a rock by the side of a wood apple tree at Pachchima Pulavar Kana Nagaram . They told them to draw a picture of the yantra and keep it with them for their daily prayers . It was impossible for them to locate the village which was in Sri Lanka ( then named as Ceylon ) , as they are an Indian .
In year 1911 , Muruga informed them in their dream that the place is in the Jaffna Peninsula of Ceylon . The scholars in Jaffna informed them that Puloly is the Tamil equivalent of the above-mentioned Nagaram , which was named in Sanskrit . After reaching Jaffna , they succeeded in discovering the holy site , in a Visakha day in the month of Vaikasi , which is according to Skanda Purana , the birth day of God Muruga .
It was year 1924 , after a long period , God Muruga instructed in their dream that the Yantra of the temple is , as appeared by itself , has the strong power than the other temples and will give divine favours to the devotees . So it again became a duty of Lady Logambal to spread the message to the devotees in Ceylon .
In a leaflet printed and published on 25 July 1924 , Lady Logambal clearly instructed the people of the village South Puloly the power of the temple and its Chakkara as informed to their God Muruga . It is mentioned in the pamphlet that there must have been a famous temple at this site in olden days and that it had come to ruins .
The Temple 's Divine Power
The Yantra drawn up by Muthulinga Swamigal at Kathirgamam is considered a major reason for the divine grace of Kathirgamam . Similarly since the appearance of Ubayakathirgamam to the villagers , with the guidance of Lady Logambal , the temple was a miracle for the villagers . It is so common to hear from the villagers , mentioning the wishes those were fulfilled by worshiping the temple and its Chakkara Yantra .
It is also mentioned that once when the people were not knowledgeable regarding the Yantra , the white rock where the Suyambu Linga appeared in nature was tried to be removed to build a Vinayagar Temple nearby . In spite of seven explosions by Subramaniam , an experienced man in blasting rocks , the rock was safe without any damage . This was known as a miracle and the rock and the wood apple tree on it were assumed to be having supernatural powers , by the villagers .
Devotees from all over the country go to this temple to worship Sri Chakkara Shanmugar and Vilatheeswaran and fulfill their wishes .
See also
Hinduism in Sri Lanka
Katirkamam ( Hindu temple )
References
UBAYA KATHIRGAMA TEMPLE Pamphlet 1 . ( September , 1970 )
( Shanmugar Temple The Moolalingam which Appeared in Nature . ) Puloly South , Puloly , Ceylon .
Hindu temples in Jaffna District
Murugan temples in Sri Lanka
Robert Joce is a former British slalom canoeist who competed in the 1980s .
They won two medals in the C-2 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 1981 and a bronze in 1983 .
References
Overview of athlete 's results at canoeslalom.net
British male canoeists
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Hungary is a member of the European Union and thus takes part in the EU strategy to increase its share of renewable energy . The EU has adopted the 2009 Renewable Energy Directive , which included a 20 % renewable energy target by 2020 for the EU . By 2030 wind should produce in average 26-35 % of the EU 's electricity and save Europe €56 billion a year in avoided fuel costs .
The national authors of Hungary forecast is 14.7 % renewables in gross energy consumption by 2020 , exceeding their 13 % binding target by 1.7 percentage points . Hungary is the EU country with the smallest forecast penetration of renewables of the electricity demand in 2020 , namely only 11 % ( including biomass 6 % and wind power 3 % ) .
Statistics
In 2015 , 10.5 % of the gross Hungarian electricity production came from renewables , 52 % of that amount was from biomass , 22 % was from wind , 7 % was from hydroenergy and 3 % was from solar .
Renewable energy in Hungary by type ( 2016 ) :
Wind power
The national forecast included 400 MW of new wind power capacity between 2010 and 2020 . EWEA 's 2009 forecast expected Hungary to reach 1.2 GW of installed wind capacity in this time . In the end of 2010 wind power capacity was 295 MW . However , since 2010 , no further wind energy tenders were accepted . In 2016 , the Hungarian government banned the installation of new wind energy capacities with administrative measures . The current capacity of wind power in Hungary is 329 MW .
Solar power
The Hungarian solar power generation is rapidly advancing , although from a small basis . By the end of 2015 Hungary had installed more than 110 megawatt ( MW ) of photovoltaics . The country 's capacity is expected to double in 2016 . By the end of 2019 Hungary had installed more than 1277 megawatt ( MW ) of photovoltaics . As of the third quarter of 2020 , the installed solar power capacity was 1920 MW . This is about the same as the only Paks NPP in Hungary , which generates 2000 MW or 50 % of the electricity generated in Hungary . As of the october 2021 , the installed solar power capacity was 2728 MW .
Hydro power
Located in the Carpathian basin , Hungary has limited access to hydroelectricity . Since the unfortunate case of the Gabčíkovo–Nagymaros Dams project , the building of hydroelectric dams is extremely unpopular in the Hungarian society . The existing Croatian plans of building new dams on the shared sections of the river Drava are rejected by the Hungarian government .
Hungary 's two largest hydroelectric dams ( Tiszalök , Kisköre ) are built on the river Tisza , with 12,5 MW and 28 MW capacities , respectively . The remaining power stations are usually former mills transformed to small hydroelectric dams .
Geothermal power
Geothermal energy is widely used in Hungary for the heating of homes and industrial areas . The first power plant using geothermal energy , located in Tura , has electrical production of 2.3 MWe gross and 1.3 MWe net .
Construction on a geothermal project in Szeged began in 2022 , with 27 wells and 16 heating plants . The project is promoted as `` Europe 's biggest urban heating system overhaul . '' It will serve 27 000 flats and 400 non-residential consumers .
See also
Solar power in Hungary
Wind power in Hungary
European Commission National Renewable Energy Action Plans
European Commission renewable energy Progress Reports
European Commission National Energy Efficiency Energy Action Plans
References
Mahlzeit is a German salutation . It is the short form of a more formal salutation , `` Gesegnete Mahlzeit '' ( archaic term , de : Blessed mealtime ) . The salutation is commonly used without connection to food or eating in Northern Germany , and this usage , corresponding to something like `` hello , everyone '' or `` I 'm off , folks '' , is becoming more and more widespread in informal settings , such as between office co-workers . In Austria it is used as a salutation during meal times and can also be used before drinking Sturm ( Federweisser ) as reference to the meal-like quality of the fermenting grape juice . Similarly , in most German regions it is only used in connection with meals . However , soldiers typically greet each other with Mahlzeit ( and the reply Mahlzeit , not danke ) from getting up in the morning until about 8 pm , including the entire normal work day , presumably as the next mealtime is always within short distance and is looked forward to .
Mahlzeit can also be used in a negative sense . For example , when two people see something that might well spoil their appetite , one may sarcastically say `` Mahlzeit '' ( or the stronger , `` Na , Mahlzeit ! '' ) to the other .
When greeted with `` Mahlzeit '' , one would ordinarily reply with `` Mahlzeit '' in return , or simply with `` Danke '' , the German term for `` thank you '' .
References
Greeting words and phrases
German words and phrases
de : Mahlzeit # „ Mahlzeit “ als Gruß
HMCS Rosthern was a that served in the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War . They served primarily in the Battle of the Atlantic as a convoy escort . They are named for Rosthern , Saskatchewan .
Background
Flower-class corvettes like Rosthern serving with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War were different from earlier and more traditional sail-driven corvettes . The `` corvette '' designation was created by the French for classes of small warships ; the Royal Navy borrowed the term for a period but discontinued its use in 1877 . During the hurried preparations for war in the late 1930s , Winston Churchill reactivated the corvette class , needing a name for smaller ships used in an escort capacity , in this case based on a whaling ship design . The generic name `` flower '' was used to designate the class of these ships , which – in the Royal Navy – were named after flowering plants .
Corvettes commissioned by the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War were named after communities for the most part , to better represent the people who took part in building them . This idea was put forth by Admiral Percy W. Nelles . Sponsors were commonly associated with the community for which the ship was named . Royal Navy corvettes were designed as open sea escorts , while Canadian corvettes were developed for coastal auxiliary roles which was exemplified by their minesweeping gear . Eventually the Canadian corvettes would be modified to allow them to perform better on the open seas .
Construction
Rosthern was ordered 1 February 1940 as part of the 1939-1940 Flower-class building program . They were laid down on 18 June 1940 at Port Arthur Shipbuilding Co. in Port Arthur , Ontario and launched on 30 November 1940 . They were commissioned into the RCN on 17 June 1941 at Montreal , Quebec .
Rosthern had only one significant refit during their career . After developing mechanical troubles in October 1941 , they spent two months repairing on the river Clyde in the United Kingdom before being sent back to Halifax in December 1941 for further repairs . Rosthern was one of the few Flowers not to have their fo ' c'sle extended .
War service
After arriving at Halifax for deployment , Rosthern initially joined Newfoundland Command , escorting convoys between St. John 's and Iceland . They escorted their first convoy , leaving 7 October 1941 , but developed mechanical defects on the way and was sent on to the Clyde for repairs . They did not return to service until February 1942 . They would remain an ocean escort until June 1944 .
In April 1942 they were made a member of the Mid-Ocean Escort Force ( MOEF ) escort group A-3 . In May 1942 , it was renumbered C-5 . During their service with MOEF , Rosthern fought in three significant convoy battles ; SC 100 in September 1942 , ON 166 in February 1943 , and SC 121 in March 1943 . During these convoy battles , Rosthern picked up survivors from several merchants ships including on 29 October 1942 when they and together picked up survivors from the American tanker Pan New York that was damaged by in the North Atlantic about west of Malin Head . The corvettes sank the wrecked tanker with gunfire and depth charges . During the battle for Convoy ON 166 , they picked up survivors from the Norwegian merchant Ingria and British merchant Manchester Merchant . During the battle for Convoy SC 121 , Rosthern picked up three survivors from the British merchant Egyptian , which had been sunk .
In late May 1944 , Rosthern returned to Canada to become a training ship for navigation and handling at Halifax . In December 1944 , they were attached to the Western Local Escort Force as part of Halifax Force . They remained with this unit until the end of the war , their final significant duty was escorting back to Canada .
Trans-Atlantic convoys escorted
Post war service
Rosthern was paid off 19 July 1945 at Sorel , Quebec . They were sold for scrap in June 1946 and broken up at Hamilton , Ontario .
References
Flower-class corvettes of the Royal Canadian Navy
1940 ships
James A Baker ( fl . 1899 – 1903 ) was a Canadian miner who spent four years in Slocan , which was in south eastern British Columbia . They were a member of the Western Federation of Miners and became an elected official and the regional representative during a period of particularly bitter strikes .
It appears that the organizational part of the job wore them down and they did not stand for re-election in 1903 . At that point they disappear from historical documentation . They left a legacy of a more militant and leftist B.C . mining unionism .
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
Trade unionists from British Columbia
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
The 1974 Haringey Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Haringey London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
Alexandra-Bowes
D. F. W. Billingsley was a sitting councillor for Noel Park ward .
R. A. Penton was a sitting councillor for Noel Park ward .
Bruce Grove
Central Hornsey
Coleraine
Mrs D. Cunningham was a sitting councillor for Seven Sisters ward .
Crouch End
U. M. Thompson was a sitting councillor for South Hornsey ward .
Fortis Green
Green Lanes
High Cross
Highgate
Muswell Hill
Miss C. D. Jackson was a sitting councillor for Stroud Green ward .
Noel Park
A. G. Krokou was a sitting councillor for West Green ward .
Park
D. Page was a sitting councillor for Coleraine ward .
Seven Sisters
South Hornsey
South Tottenham
Stroud Green
Mrs E. M. Murphy was a sitting councillor for Town Hall ward .
Tottenham Central
Town Hall
Mrs L. H. Lipson was a sitting councillor for South Hornsey ward .
Mrs S. A. Berkery Smith was a sitting councillor for South Tottenham ward .
Turnpike
West Green
D. Clark was a sitting councillor for Tottenham Central ward .
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
Andreas Troupis ( born 5 April 1973 ) is a Greek handball player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Greek male handball players
Olympic handball players of Greece
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Melbourne
François ( Robert ) Ewald ( born 29 April 1946 , in Boulogne-Billancourt ) is a French philosopher . An assistant to Michel Foucault in the 1970s , they have overseen the publication of much of Foucault 's literary estate . Ewald 's own work has applied Foucault 's notion of governmentality to a history of the welfare state .
Life
Ewald studied philosophy at the Sorbonne in the mid-1960s . After the events of May 1968 , they joined the Maoist Gauche prolétarienne ( GP ) . Teaching philosophy at a Bruay-en-Artois lycée in the early 1970s , they were at the centre of the political drama which unfolded when a middle-class lawyer was arrested for the mutilation and murder of a local miner 's daughter : La Cause du Peuple , the GP 's paper , publicized the case with the headline 'Bruay : And Now They Are Massacring Our Children ! '
Foucault met Ewald when visiting to inspect the scene of the murder in June 1972 , and after the GP imploded Ewald turned to Foucault to reconstruct their intellectual outlook . Ewald was Foucault 's assistant from 1976 until Foucault 's death in 1984 , and has co-edited posthumous volumes of Foucault 's writings and lectures .
Invited by Daniel Defert to contribute to a government report on workplace accidents , Ewald came to view the 1898 Law on Accidents at Work — with an actuarial concept of risk replacing juridical concepts of responsibility — as crucial to the modern welfare state . Ewald interpreted Foucault 's analysis of power as showing the need for political struggle without any `` reference to the Revolution '' , and moved closer to the New Philosophers in a call `` to marry the points of view of Nietzsche and Solzhenitsyn '' . By the early 1990s Ewald `` had become the house intellectual of the French insurance industry and ideological standard-bearer of the Medef , France 's primary employers ' organization . ''
François Ewald was part of the `` Coppens commission '' who prepared the French Charter for the Environment of 2004 . In 2006 they received the Legion d'Honneur .
Works
L'état providence [ The Welfare State ] , Paris : B. Grasset , 1986 .
( ed . with Florence Bellivier et al . ) Naissance du Code civil : la raison du législateur [ The birth of the Civil Code : the legislator 's reason ] , Paris : Flammarion , 1989 .
'Norms , Discipline and the Law ' , Representations 30 ( Spring 1990 ) , pp . 138–61
'Insurance and Risk ' , in Graham Burchell , Colin Gordon & Peter Miller , eds. , The Foucault Effect , Chicago , 1991
Histoire de l'Etat providence : Les Origines de la solidarité [ History of the welfare state : the origins of solidarity ] , 1996 .
( ed . with Jean-Hervé Lorenzi ) Encyclopédie de l'assurance [ Encyclopedia of insurance ] , Paris : Economica , 1997 .
( ed . with T. McGleenan & Urban Wiesing ) Genetics and insurance , Oxford , UK : Bios Scientific Publishers , 1999 .
'Foucault and the contemporary scene ' , Philosophy and Social Criticism 25 : 3 ( 1999 ) , pp . 81–91
Le principe de précaution [ The precautionary principle ] , 2001 .
References
External links
People from Boulogne-Billancourt
1946 births
Living people
20th-century French philosophers
21st-century French philosophers
20th-century French historians
21st-century French historians
French Maoists
Michel Foucault
is a railway station in the city of Okazaki , Aichi , Japan , operated by Meitetsu .
Lines
Okazakikōen-mae Station is served by the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line and is 31.1 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Toyohashi Station .
Station layout
The station has two opposed side platforms connected by an underground passage . The station has automated ticket machines , Manaca automated turnstiles and is staffed .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
Station history
Okazakikōen-mae Station was opened on June 1 , 1923 as on the privately held Aichi Electric Railway . The Aichi Electric Railway was acquired by the Meitetsu Group on August 1 , 1935 . The station was renamed to its present name in 1936 . The station has been unattended since February 1971 .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017 , the station was used by an average of 4,422 passengers daily .
Surrounding area
Hatcho-miso no sato
Japan National Route 1
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
Official web page
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1923
Railway stations in Aichi Prefecture
Stations of Nagoya Railroad
Okazaki , Aichi
Ponte de Limoeiro ( Limoeiro Bridge ) is a bridge in the city of Recife , Pernambuco , Brazil . It connects Avenida Norte Miguel de Alencar to the Apolo pier , in the Recife neighborhood . Dating back to 1881 , it was built from iron for the passage of trains destined for the city of Limoeiro . It was replaced by a reinforced concrete one on 30 July 1966 .
References
Recife Bridges , Pernambuco
The Music Builds Tour was a 23-show festival-style concert tour spanning three months in late 2008 . Rock bands Switchfoot and Robert Randolph and the Family Band , along with Third Day and Jars of Clay co-headlined the event .
As such , the tour benefited local Habitat for Humanity chapters in the tour cities , through a program combining `` Hollywood For Habitat For Humanity , '' the concert production company Live Nation , and the bands . The tour has been depicted in two concert films , Third Day 's Live Revelation and Switchfoot 's The Best Yet Live in Nashville . One music video was shot during the tour , that being the second version of Switchfoot 's `` This Is Home . ''
Itinerary
The tour began with a kick-off show on April 21 , 2008 at the Wild Horse Saloon in Nashville , Tennessee .
The main tour began August 21 at the DTE Energy Music Theatre in Clarkston , Michigan and concluded at the Broomfield Event Center in Denver , Colorado on October 12 .
Stage design
The tour played mostly in large arenas and amphitheaters . It featured an elaborate stage set-up , which included one large LED display screen behind the performers and two video screens overhead . The tour , keeping with the festival theme , also featured a side stage that featured bands such as Red .
Philanthropy efforts
The tour benefited Habitat for Humanity 's home building program in several different ways . For one , the artists on the tour donate $ 1 to the charity for each ticket sold during the tour . Additionally , the funds that were raised from various ticket auctions , special merchandise items , and event packages were allocated to help fund Habitat for Humanity in each tour stop city . The bands also were found at the various Habitat for Humanity build sites during the tour personally helping in the construction of Habitat for Humanity-sponsored homes , and also invited some of the current and future homeowners to attend the shows .
Tour dates
References
External links
Official Tour Website
Tour Press Release
Switchfoot concert tours
2008 concert tours
Habitat for Humanity
Christian concert tours
Djurgårdens IF Fäktförening is the fencing section of Swedish sports club Djurgårdens IF . Djurgårdens IF Fäktförening is a sovereign club within the alliance club Djurgårdens IF . The fencing section was founded in 1958 and became its own club in 1990 .
The fencing club was founded by Herbert Wahlberg in 1958 , who built it up together with Béla Rerrich . Rerrich was a Hungarian fencing champion who defected from Hungary in 1956 due to the Hungarian uprising that year which was put down by the Soviet Union . Rerrich was the fence master of Djurgårdens IF from the start until their death in 2005 . Under their leadership , members of Djurgårdens IF you have won Olympic and World Championship medals as well as numerous Swedish championships in both fencing and modern pentathlon . The club is striving to continue their work .
Honours
Olympic medals for members of the club
Modern pentathlon , gold medal , Björn Ferm , Mexico 1968
Épée , gold medal , men 's team , Montreal 1976 ( of the five members of the team , Carl von Essen , Göran Flodström , Leif Högström , Hans Jacobson , and Rolf Edling , only Edling was from another Swedish club )
Modern pentathlon , silver medal , Svante Rasmuson , Los Angeles 1984
Swedish championships
Djurgårdens IF Fäktförening has won 46 Swedish Championship gold medals , as follows
Foil , men : 1
1972
Foil , women : 2
1975 , 1978
Foil , women 's team : 3
1962 , 1973 , 1976
Épée , men : 13
1963 , 1967 , 1970 , 1973 , 1974 , 1978 , 1979 , 1985 , 1990 , 1996 , 1998 , 2000 , 2014
Épée , men 's team : 20
1966 , 1969 , 1972 , 1973 , 1974 , 1975 , 1977 , 1978 , 1987 , 1988 , 1989 . 1992 , 1993 , 1995 , 1997 , 1998 , 1999 , 2000 , 2006 , 2011
Épée , women : 3
1994 , 1996 , 1998
Épée , women 's team : 5
1992 , 1994 , 1995 , 1996 , 1997
References
External links
Djurgårdens IF Fäktförening
Fencing
Fencing in Sweden
Vidovdansko Naselje ( ) is an urban neighborhood of the city of Novi Sad , Serbia .
Name
Name of the neighborhood derived from Saint Vitus ( Sveti Vid in Serbian ) - Serbian word `` vidovdan '' means `` the day of Saint Vitus '' , thus the English translation of the settlement 's name would be `` the Saint Vitus day 's settlement '' . Saint Vitus is also the patron saint of the neighborhood and stone cross dedicated to them was erected in 1929 .
Location
Vidovdansko Naselje is located in northern part of Novi Sad , between Klisa in the west , Salajka in the south , Mali Beograd in the east , and Slana Bara in the north .
History
During NATO bombing of Novi Sad in 1999 , civilian residential buildings in Vidovdansko Naselje were devastated by NATO bombs .
Features
Well known Najlon market ( Najlon pijaca in Serbian ) is located in Vidovdansko Naselje . Every Sunday , it is the largest marketplace in Novi Sad where various goods and services are offered for visitors .
See also
Neighborhoods of Novi Sad
References
Jovan Mirosavljević , Brevijar ulica Novog Sada 1745-2001 , Novi Sad , 2002 .
Milorad Grujić , Vodič kroz Novi Sad i okolinu , Novi Sad , 2004 .
External links
www.freewebs.com/vidovdanac
www.vidovdanskonaselje.co.sr
www.vidovdanci.co.sr
Detailed map of Novi Sad and Vidovdansko Naselje
Map of Novi Sad
Novi Sad neighborhoods
The Deer Ridge Correctional Institution is a state prison for men located in Madras , Jefferson County , Oregon , owned and operated by the Oregon Department of Corrections . The facility opened in 2007 and holds a maximum of 1867 inmates , 1223 at medium security and 644 at minimum security .
References
Prisons in Oregon
Buildings and structures in Jefferson County , Oregon
2007 establishments in Oregon
Madras , Oregon
`` Kriminaltango '' ( Criminal tango ) is a traditional pop song released in 1959 . The Italian original by Piero Trombetta only achieved a modest success , whereas the German version performed by Hazy Osterwald became a big hit in Germany , Austria and Switzerland .
Describing scenes from tavern , the song juxtaposes the appearance of shady figures ( `` dunkle Gestalten '' ) and their mysterious dealings with dancing tango ( `` Und sie tanzen einen Tango '' ) . The song culminates with a shot in the dark and the arrival of the police , unable to assemble any evidence .
The song was covered by Die Toten Hosen , featuring Kurt Raab , in a non-album single in 1984 .
It was also covered by The Deadfly Ensemble , appearing as a bonus track on their album `` An Entire Wardrobe of Doubt and Uncertainty '' .
Die Toten Hosen cover
Track listing
`` Kriminaltango '' ( Trombetta/Feltz ) − 3:32
`` Allein vor deinem Haus '' ( Alone in front of your house ) ( von Holst , Frege/Frege , Meurer , Trimpop ) − 2:26
`` Es ist vorbei .... '' ( It 's over .... ) ( Frege , von Holst/Frege , Meurer , Trimpop ) − 3:09
References
Eskapaden um den Kriminaltango - article about on the song at SWR ( German , retrieved 2010-4-2 )
1984 singles
1959 songs
Die Toten Hosen songs
Songs with lyrics by Kurt Feltz
The historic Bullock Hotel is located at the corner of Wall and Main Street in Deadwood , South Dakota . It was built by Seth Bullock , an early sheriff of Deadwood , and their business partner Sol Star , in around 1895 at a cost of $ 40,000 and is the oldest hotel in Deadwood , boasting a casino , restaurant , and 28 of its original 63 rooms .
Origins
The Bullock Hotel was built by Seth Bullock between 1894 and 1896 from a converted warehouse to a 3-story hotel shortly after the Deadwood fire of 1894 , which destroyed the original 2-story wood-frame building and devastated much of the town of Deadwood . It is believed that the hotel was originally constructed and decorated in an `` Italianate '' and Victorian style with the first floor of the hotel boasting a large dining room in the rear , a kitchen and pantry , a sample room where salespersons could store their cases , a grand hotel lobby , and offices in the front .
The second and third stories are said to have held 63 luxury sleeping rooms with baths down the halls and two large banks of skylights for lighting the inner rooms with natural light . It is also believed that all rooms were furnished with iron and brass beds and oak furnishings .
Resale and renovation
The Hotel was sold to the Aryes family who in 1976 converted the building to a hardware store up until around 1991 when the building underwent subsequent renovation by the new owners , Bullock Properties , to convert it back into a hotel .
The original furnishings had been sold at auction by the Aryes family in 1976 , so in 1991-1993 the hotel underwent extensive renovation to re-create the original atmosphere and decor . The current owners state that the hotel has been `` carefully restored based on the best available information regarding the late 1800s and by uncovering details that gave clues as to the original decor . '' Some changes included lowering some ceilings ( due to heat accumulation at the ceilings ) , paint stripping and re-staining of most woodwork , and a re-papering and decorating of ceilings which was thought to reflect the hotel 's original Victorian designs . 48-inch solid brass chandeliers were also introduced as light fixtures , chosen from replicas of the period . The kitchen and pantry were further converted into a restaurant and bar , Bully 's , named for Seth Bullock 's lifelong friend , Teddy Roosevelt .
All in all , even with reported attempts to retain original floor plans as much as possible , the former 63 rooms were reduced to 28 in the restoration . This supposedly resulted in some rather unusual rooms with odd shapes and angles and a larger version of the original rooms from 1895 . Modern plumbing and renovation brought the baths in from the hallway , and all rooms are equipped with private baths . Some luxury rooms are reported to have Jacuzzis and wet bars as well .
Haunting folklore
Contrary to popular belief , Seth Bullock did not die at the hotel in room 211 , but at their home at 28 Van Buren Street . It is possible that incorrect reports of their demise at the hotel propagated reports of their ghost being sighted at the hotel , which continue to this day by guests , workers , and tourists .
Many people who have supposedly had contact with Bullock 's ghost say that they were never harmed , but merely touched or called out for . Apparitions and orbs have often been reported by guests . Employees say the ghost merely continues to `` play host '' and often makes sure `` his '' employees are working hard , because many employees have said when they were taking breaks , they felt paranormal presence , and got back to work immediately .
Ghost tours of the hotel are held regularly , and many thrill-seekers , ghost hunting groups and non-believers have spent the night . In 2015 , the hotel was featured on a special Halloween episode of Ghost Adventures .
See also
List of casinos in South Dakota
List of casinos in the United States
List of casino hotels
References
External links
Seth Bullock Biography , Black Hills Visitor magazine
Seth Bullock - The Finest Type of Frontiersman , Legends of America ( travel site )
Photo of Seth and Roosevelt : http : //yesteryearsnews.files.wordpress.com/2009/11/seth_and_teddy.jpg ? w=360 & h=449
Casinos in South Dakota
Casino hotels
Hotels in South Dakota
Restaurants in South Dakota
Hotels established in 1894
Hotel buildings completed in 1895
Buildings and structures in Deadwood , South Dakota
Reportedly haunted locations in South Dakota
1894 establishments in South Dakota
Kaare Knutsson Münster Strøm ( from 1949 only Kaare Strøm ; 23 July 1902 – 28 February 1967 ) was a Norwegian limnologist .
They were born in Nord-Aurdal as a son of pharmacist Knut Thorstensen Strøm ( 1863–1938 ) and their wife Marianne Münster ( 1870–1943 ) . They were a grandson of Christian Münster . They grew up in Kristiania , finished their secondary education at Frogner already in 1918 , and began as a private student of Nordal Wille . They took the dr.philos . degree at the Royal Frederick University in 1927 on the thesis Norwegian Mountain Algae . They spent some time studying under August Thienemann , and was a research fellow at the university from 1931 to 1936 . They were promoted to docent in 1939 and professor in 1948 . At first they were a professor in physical geography and limnology , but from 1962 only in limnology . Strøm chaired the Norwegian Biological Society from 1934 to 1935 , the Norwegian Geographical Association from 1944 to 1945 and the Norwegian Geographical Society from 1948 to 1949 . They became a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters in 1943 .
Strøm was married to banker 's daughter Agathe Hvistendahl from 1929 to 1949 , and then to Kari Thorsen from December 1949 . They died in February 1967 in Århus , where they had a tenure as guest scholar .
References
1902 births
1967 deaths
Scientists from Oslo
People from Nord-Aurdal
Norwegian geographers
Norwegian limnologists
University of Oslo alumni
University of Oslo faculty
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
20th-century geographers
Get Off the Cross , We Need the Wood for the Fire is the debut studio album by Firewater , released on October 22 , 1996 by Jetset Records . It is a marked difference in sound from Tod Ashley 's previous work in Cop Shoot Cop . In 2017 , the album was re-issued on vinyl in celebration of the twentieth anniversary of its release by Checkered Past Records .
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Get Off the Cross , We Need the Wood for the Fire liner notes .
Firewater
Tod Ashley – lead vocals , bass guitar , acoustic guitar , bouzouki , production
Duane Denison – guitar
Yuval Gabay – drums , djembe , tambourine
Kurt Hoffman – saxophone , clarinet , accordion
Jim Kimball – drums
David Ouimet – piano , organ
Hahn Rowe – violin
Additional musicians
Jennifer Charles – vocals ( 5 , 9 )
Jane Scarpantoni – cello ( 3 , 5 , 7 )
Production
Doug Henderson – production , recording , mixing
Rod Hui – mixing ( 9 )
Scott Hull – mastering
Release history
References
External links
1996 debut albums
Firewater ( band ) albums
Albums produced by Doug Henderson ( musician )
Jetset Records albums
Hampus Eriksson ( born September 11 , 1996 ) is a Swedish ice hockey player . They are currently playing with Brynäs IF of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Eriksson made their Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2014–15 SHL season .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Brynäs IF players
Lake Superior State Lakers men 's ice hockey players
Swedish ice hockey forwards
People from Gävle
Sportspeople from Gävleborg County
Bombastes Furioso , subtitled A Burlesque Tragic Opera , was written in 1810 by William Barnes Rhodes ( sometimes credited as Thomas Barnes Rhodes ) . The first authorized printed edition was published in 1822 . It is a drama with comic songs , that satirizes the bombastic style of other tragedies that were in fashion at the time .
It was very popular throughout the 19th century—its popularity was sufficient for two quotations to appear in Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations , and for Lewis Carroll to refer to it in their poem `` Melancholetta '' .
Characters
Artaxaminous – King of Utopia
Fusbos – Minister of State
Bombastes – general of Artaxaminous
Distaffina – troth-plight ( fiancé ) of General Bombastes
Plot
King Artaxaminous wishes to divorce their wife Griskinissa , and marry Distaffina . Distaffina , however , is betrothed to General Bombastes . Artaxaminous promises Distaffina `` half a crown '' if they will forsake the general for him . Distaffina is unable to resist , and abandons Bombastes . When the general learns of this , they go mad , hangs their boots on the branch of a tree , and challenges anyone who would remove them . Artaxaminous cuts the boots down , and the general kills him . Fusbos , coming upon this , kills Bombastes . At the end of the drama , the dead men jump up and promise `` to die again tomorrow '' , if the audience desires it .
Notes
The story of Bombastes Furioso is based in part on Orlando Furioso .
The sign that Bombastes places on the tree with their boots reads :
Who dares this pair of boots displace ,
Must meet Bombastes face to face .
According to Bartlett , this is a reference to a quote from Don Quixote :
Let none but they these arms displace ,
Who dares Orlando 's fury face .
( This itself is a reference to Orlando Furioso . )
References
Bartlett , John . Familiar Quotations . Boston : Little , Brown , and Company , 1919 .
Brewer , E. Cobham , Rev. , LL.D . Character Sketches of Romance , Fiction and the Drama , Vol 1 . New York , 1892 .
English-language operas
English comic operas
Operas
1810 operas
1822 operas
is a Japanese entrepreneur who founded Mixi , a social networking site . They are ranked as the 37th richest Japanese person .
Timeline
1997 : ( 21 years old )
Created the job information website Find Job ! .
1999 : ( 23 years old )
Founded eMercury Inc .
2004 : ( 28 years old )
Launched the Social network service Mixi .
2008 : ( 32 years old )
They climbed onto 37th of Japan 's 40 Richest . Forbes reported Kasahara as having $ 740 million .
References
External links
Interview by CNN
Brand NEW ! ! !
Living people
Japanese businesspeople
People from Minoh , Osaka
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The 1993 Lao League was the fourth recorded season of top flight football in Laos . Savannakhet FC , from Thakhek , and Lao Army FC , from Vientiane , won the championships . The tournament won by Savannakhet was apparently a tournament from which teams from Vientiane were excluded and Lao Army won a separate tournament exclusively for teams from Vientiane .
References
Lao Premier League seasons
Laos
Laos
1
In enzymology , a protein-serine epimerase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
[ protein ] -L-serine [ protein ] -D-serine
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , [ protein ] -L-serine , and one product , [ protein ] -D-serine .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives . The systematic name of this enzyme class is [ protein ] -serine epimerase . This enzyme is also called protein-serine racemase .
Structural studies
As of late 2007 , only one structure has been solved for this class of enzymes , with the PDB accession code .
References
EC 5.1.1
Enzymes of known structure
Qianliu Yi Ethnic Township ( ) is an ethnic township in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County , Yunnan , China . As of the 2017 census it had a population of 43,031 and an area of .
Administrative division
As of 2016 , the township is divided into fifteen villages :
Qiannuo ( )
Zhanai ( )
Daqiaotou ( )
Xinzhai ( )
Mangnong ( )
Tianba ( )
Dagang ( )
Longtan ( )
Xincheng ( )
Heping ( )
Shuiyuan ( )
Malihe ( )
Xiaofofang ( )
Lasa ( )
Pingzhang ( )
History
As a communication hub in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County , the township was even a place of strategic importance during the Qing dynasty ( 1644–1911 ) and Republic of China ( 1912-1949 ) .
In 1940 , Mangnuo Township ( ) was set up . In 1948 , it was renamed `` Qianliu Township '' .
After the establishment of the Communist State , its name was changed to `` Qianliu District '' ( ) . In 1969 it was renamed `` Yuejin Commune '' ( ) , named after the Great Leap Forward . And it was renamed `` Qianliu Commune '' in 1971 . In 1988 , the Qianliu Yi Ethnic Township was officially incorporated .
Geography
The township is situated at northeastern Lancang Lahu Autonomous County . It is surrounded by Dashan Township on the north , Donghe Township and Nanling Township on the west , Jinggu Dai and Yi Autonomous County on the east , and Nuozhadu Town on the south .
The highest point in the township is the Black Mountain ( ) which stands above sea level . The lowest point is the Mengsa Farm ( ) , which , at above sea level .
The Lancang River flows through the township . Other rivers and streams include Mangpa River ( ) and Mengsa River ( ) .
Economy
The local economy is primarily based upon agriculture and local industry . Industry is mainly based on wine-making and ceramics . The region abounds with iron , copper , and manganese . Significant crops include grain , corn , peanut , sugarcane , tea , and coffee bean .
Demographics
As of 2017 , the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the township 's population now to be 43,031 .
References
Bibliography
Townships of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Yi ethnic townships
João Afonso Paula da Silva ( born 1 February 1998 ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a defender .
Football career
On 27 October 2018 , Silva made their professional debut with Trapani in a 2018–19 Serie C match against Cavese .
On 29 January 2020 , they signed with Serie C club Bisceglie .
References
External links
National team data
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Coimbra
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
Serie B players
Serie C players
Trapani Calcio players
A.S. Bisceglie Calcio 1913 players
Portugal youth international footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
James Norman Carlton Patterson ( July 4 , 1886 – May 25 , 1961 ) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics . They were born in Chicago , Illinois , and died in Detroit , Michigan .
In 1912 they were eliminated in the first round of the 1500 metres event after finishing third in their heat . They also competed in the exhibition baseball tournament at the 1912 Olympics .
References
External links
sports-reference.com
1886 births
1961 deaths
Baseball players from Chicago
Track and field athletes from Chicago
American male middle-distance runners
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Olympic baseball players of the United States
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Baseball players at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Amory Hall ( c. 1834 – c. 1888 ) was located on the corner of Washington Street and West Street in Boston , Massachusetts , in the 19th century . Myriad activities took place in the rental hall , including sermons ; lectures by Henry David Thoreau , Ralph Waldo Emerson , William Lloyd Garrison ; political meetings ; exhibitions by Rembrandt Peale , George Catlin , John Banvard ; moving panoramas ; magic shows ; concerts ; and curiosities such as the `` Nova Scotia Giant Boy . ''
Through the years , tenants included : First Free Congregational Church ( c. 1836 ) ; Grace Church ( 1836 ) ; artists Eastman Johnson , J.C. King , N. Southworth , T.T . Spear , William S. Tiffany ( c.1847 ) ; Oliver Stearns , retailer of artists ' supplies ( 1849–1850 ) ; artists J.A . Codman , A . Ransom , and R.M . Staigg ( c.1852 ) .
In 1888 , the hall was acquired by retailer William H. Zinn and incorporated into their `` Connected Stores '' occupying the block bounded by West and Washington Streets and Temple Place .
Events at Amory Hall
1834 , November - Boston Mercantile Association Lectures
1836 - Herr Schmidt `` electrical , mechanical and physical experiments ''
1837 , March - Dr. Graham delivered lectures `` on marriage and courtship to audiences of women '' `` Great excitement at Amory Hall in consequence of an intended lecture to ladies , exclusively , on physical education . Many women were present , but so great was the tumult made by persons adverse to Graham and their lecture , that their object was defeated . ''
1838
Physiological Society weekly lectures `` on various subjects connected with the human constitution , health , the structure of the body , & c. ... Object , improvement in physiological knowledge . ''
Aug. - George Catlin 's Indian gallery `` ... will endeavour to entertain and instruct the citizens of Boston and its vicinity , for a short time with an exhibition of their paintings , costumes , & c . ''
Oct. 10 - Whig Party meeting
1839 - Lewis , Bartholomew & Co. 's `` splendid dioramas ... the grand historical moving diorama of the Battle of Bunker Hill ! ! and conflagration of Charlestown
1842
Oct. 9 - James Freeman Clarke sermon on `` the Sunday succeeding the death of William Ellery Channing ''
Nov. 24 - James Freeman Clarke lecture `` Slavery in the United States ''
1844
Feb. 4 , 11 - William Lloyd Garrison lectures
Feb. 18 - Charles Lane lectures
Feb.25 - Adin Ballou lectures
March 3 - Ralph Waldo Emerson 's lecture `` New England Reformers ''
March 10 - Henry David Thoreau lectures , `` The Conservative and the Reformer ''
March 17 - Charles Dana lecture
March 17 - Joseph Rhodes Buchanan lecture
March 24 - Ernestine Rose lecture
March 31 - Wendell Phillips lecture
March 31 - John Pierpont lecture
April 21 - W.L . Garrison
December - Eleventh Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Fair .
1846
Rembrandt Peale 's Court of Death
Herr Alexander `` experiments in natural philosophy and magic ''
1847
John Banvard
George Brewer 's panorama of the wonders and natural curiosities of the American continent . Fairmout Water works , & adjacent scenery ... Mammoth Cave of Kentucky . ''
Walter McPherson Bayne 's `` gigantic panoramic picture of a voyage to Europe ! Comprise views of Boston , its harbor , the Atlantic , the River Mersey , Liverpool , London from the Thames , and both sides of the Rhine , painted from original sketches taken by the artist himself , constituting by far the largest panorama ever presented to the public , and which has been in preparation upwards of three years . ''
1848 - Hine 's `` journey from Paris to Rome ! over the Alps . ''
1849
April - Caleb Purrington and Benjamin Russell 's `` Panorama of a Whaling Voyage ''
William Burr 's `` seven mile mirrors ! the mammoth moving painting of the Great Lakes and rivers ''
Stockwell 's colossal panorama of the upper and lower Mississippi rivers
1850 - Brunetti 's model of ancient Jerusalem , and Mr. Malone Raymond `` with a descriptive lecture ''
1851
January - Nova Scotia giant boy
April - Miss Reynaldson . `` Scotch melodies by this distinguished vocalist . ''
1852
Exhibition of Edward A. Brackett 's `` marble group of the shipwrecked mother and child ''
May - `` Immense attraction at Amory Hall . This fashionable place of resort is thronged every afternoon and evening , with crowds of those who wish to see the great panorama of California . Mr. Edward Wilson , the learned author of 'Sketches in the Mines ' delivers an explanatory lecture . ''
`` The hall is now leased to the Handel and Haydn Society for every Sunday evening for 5 years ; to the Musical Fund Society and to the Germanians for their concerts ; also to the Mercantile Library Association for 30 evenings , and to the religious society of the Rev . Theodore Parker for the Sunday forenoons . ''
1853 - Antonio `` Signor '' Blitz `` scenes in ventriloquism and great magical illusions . ''
1877 - Caroline Shawk Brooks , butter sculptor
References
Further reading
Linck C. Johnson , `` Reforming the Reformers : Emerson , Thoreau , and the Sunday Lectures at Amory Hall , Boston , '' ESQ : A Journal of the American Renaissance , 37 ( 4th Quarter 1991 ) : 235-89 .
Former buildings and structures in Boston
Financial District , Boston
History of Boston
19th century in Boston
Tillberg Peak ( ) is a largely ice-free peak , 610 m , at the northeast extremity of Kyustendil Ridge on the east coast of Graham Land , Antarctica . Situated on the south side of lower Drygalski Glacier , north of Tashukov Nunatak .
The name Tillberg was given to a group of four rocky outcrops in this area but , since they are not conspicuous topographically , the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) in 1963 recommended that the name be transferred to this more useful landmark . Named by Otto Nordenskjold after Judge Knut Tillberg , contributor to the Swedish Antarctic Expedition , 1901–04 .
Mountains of Graham Land
Nordenskjöld Coast
British Expeditionary Force ( BEF ) may refer to :
British Expeditionary Force ( World War I ) , the British field force sent to France in World War I
British Expeditionary Force ( World War II ) , the British field force sent to France in World War II
Frank Webb `` Buddy '' Gardner , Jr. ( born August 24 , 1955 ) is an American professional golfer .
Gardner was born in Montgomery , Alabama . They played college golf at Auburn University , where they were an All-American in 1977 . They turned professional in 1977 .
Gardner played on the PGA Tour from 1978 to 1993 . Four times they finished in second place : T-2 at the 1979 Joe Garagiola-Tucson Open , T-2 at the 1979 Anheuser-Busch Golf Classic , 2nd at the 1984 Houston Coca-Cola Open , and 2nd at the 1987 Big `` I '' Houston Open ( lost to Jay Haas in a playoff ) . Their best finish in a major was a T-6 at the 1985 PGA Championship .
Gardner played the Nike Tour from 1994 to 1997 , while still playing some PGA Tour events . They had first played the tour in 1990 , when they won the only event they entered , the Ben Hogan Panama City Beach Classic , held at the club they represented , the Hombre Golf Club .
Amateur wins
1974 Alabama Amateur
1975 Alabama Amateur
1976 Dixie Amateur
Professional wins ( 1 )
Nike Tour wins ( 1 )
Nike Tour playoff record ( 0–1 )
Playoff record
PGA Tour playoff record ( 0–1 )
Other playoff record ( 0–1 )
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
WD = withdrew
`` T '' = tied
See also
Fall 1977 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
Fall 1978 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
1982 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
References
External links
American male golfers
Auburn Tigers men 's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Birmingham , Alabama
Sportspeople from Montgomery , Alabama
1955 births
Living people
The Physician is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Miles Mander , Elga Brink and Ian Hunter . The film is based on a play by Henry Arthur Jones .
Plot
A former alcoholic tries to lead a crusade against drink , but is themselves repeatedly tempted by alcohol .
Cast
Miles Mander as Walter Amphiel
Elga Brink as Edana Hinde
Ian Hunter as Dr. Carey
Lissy Arna as Jessie Gurdon
Humberston Wright as Stephen Gurdon
Julie Suedo as Lady Valerie Camille
Mary Brough as Landlady
Henry Vibart as Reverend Peregrine Hinde
Johnny Ashby as Jessie 's Son
References
External links
British silent feature films
British drama films
Films shot at Lime Grove Studios
1928 drama films
Films directed by Georg Jacoby
British black-and-white films
1920s British films
Silent drama films
Sean Deason is an American techno producer from Detroit . Their aliases include Project X , Sounds Intangible Nature , Freq , and X-313 .
Deason got their start doing graphic design for Detroit techno artists while studying at the Center for Creative Studies ; among those whose sleeves they designed were Juan Atkins , Derrick May , Kenny Larkin , and A Guy Called Gerald . They first produced for Acacia Records , owned by K Hand , and did work at Richie Hawtin 's studio before founding their own label , Matrix Records . Their first full-length , Razorback , was issued on Studio ! K7 in 1996 .
Discography
As Sean Deason
Pump ( Matrix Records Detroit , 1994 ) single
Within ( Matrix Records Detroit , 1996 ) single
Visionary EP ( Matrix Records Detroit , 1996 ) single
Razorback ( Studio ! K7 ) , 1996 ) album
Jupiter Sunrise ( Studio ! K7 , 1997 ) single
Zig ( Intuit-Solar , 2000 ) single
Allegory and Metaphor ( Intuit-Solar , 2000 ) album
Love Alarm ( Matrix Records , 2002 ) single
Elements Vol . 1 ( Matrix Records Detroit , 2009 ) single
Elements Vol . 2 ( Matrix Records Detroit , 2009 ) single
Dot & Etta 's Shrimp Hut ( Matrix Records , 2009 ) album
Rebound EP ( with Rob Belleville ) ( aDepth audio , 2012 ) single
Detroit City EP ( Modelhart , 2013 ) single
As Freq
Plastique ( Generator Records , 1994 ) single
Green EP ( Matrix Records Detroit , 1994 ) single
Red EP ( Matrix Records Detroit , 1994 ) single
Innerspace ( Matrix Records Detroit , 1994 ) single
With A Vengeance ( Matrix Records Detroit , 1997 ) single
Heaven ( Distance Records , 1997 ) single
References
American techno musicians
Musicians from Detroit
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
AEEK SYN.KA F.C. , short for Athlitikí Énosi Ergazoménon Krítis SYN.KA ( , translated SYN.KA Athletic Union of Cretan Workers ) is a Greek association football club based in the city of Chania on the island of Crete . The club currently competes in the Gamma Ethniki , the third tier of the Greek football league system , after winning its second regional Chania FCA A Division title .
History
AEEK SYN.KA was established in 2009 as AEEK IN.KA , by a group of workers in the shops of the IN.KA . Suppliers ' and Consumers ' Association , a chain of supermarkets operating in Crete . The club began playing in the third level of the Chania regional FCA League structure and within a few years , it won promotion to the top-level Chania FCA A Division .
In the 2015−16 season , AEEK INKA were crowned champions of Chania by finishing first in the league , and eventually earned promotion to the Gamma Ethniki for the first time in their history , by placing second in the 2016 FCA Winners ' Championship . They were instantly relegated however , as they finished in 15th place in Group 4 .
Crest and colors
The club was founded by workers of the IN.KA . Suppliers ' and Consumers ' Association supermarkets chain , therefore incorporating the latter name in the club name and logo . In 2017 , the supermarkets chain was renamed to SYN.KA Supermarkets therefore triggering the relevant change in the club title and logo .
Honours
Regional
Chania FCA Championship
Winners ( 2 ) : 2015–16 , 2017–18
Players
Current squad
References
External links
Football clubs in Chania
Football clubs in Crete
Association football clubs established in 2009
2009 establishments in Greece
Gamma Ethniki clubs
Svračkovci is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 462 inhabitants .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Hugh Acland may refer to :
Sir Hugh Acland , 5th Baronet ( c. 1639–1714 ) , English baron and member of Parliament
Sir Hugh Acland , 6th Baronet ( 1697–1728 ) , English baron
Sir Hugh Acland ( surgeon ) ( 1874–1956 ) , New Zealand surgeon
Sir Jack Acland ( Hugh John Acland , 1904–1981 ) , New Zealand politician
See also
Acland ( surname )
Schalkenbach is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Ahrweiler ( district )
University High School ( U-High ) , located in Normal , Illinois , United States , is one of two laboratory schools of the College of Education at Illinois State University designed for research and teacher-training ; the other is Thomas Metcalf School , an elementary school . Founded in 1857 , it is the oldest laboratory school and among the oldest high schools in the United States . The principal is Andrea Markert , who was hired in April 2013 after having served as interim principal for the 2012–2013 school year and as assistant principal from 2010 to 2012 . Athletic teams are known as the Pioneers and the school colors are kelly green and gold .
Student enrollment
The state of Illinois caps the Illinois State University laboratory school enrollment at 1,000 . U-High enrolls approximately 600 students ( excluding hearing and visually impaired students ) while Metcalf enrolls about 400 . Neither school accepts students with learning disabilities that have IEP minutes .
The IHSA institutes an enrollment multiplier for schools such as U-High that are unboundaried , thus classifying it as a larger school in athletic competitions in certain sports such as football .
Demographics
According to the Illinois State Board of Education 's Illinois Report Card , in 2021 74.4 % of the student body was Caucasian , 4.9 % was Black , 6.9 % was Hispanic , 7.9 % was Asian , 0.2 % was Indigenous , 0.2 % was Pacific Islander , and 5.6 % was two or more races . 46.6 % was male and 53.4 % was female . 2.1 % are low-income , and 0.5 % were disabled .
Athletics and extracurriculars
The boys ' golf team won the IHSA state championship 7 years in a row , ending in 2019 when they fell to the Irish of Peoria Notre Dame ; the girls ' golf team has won it 4 years in a row . U-High is also known for its basketball program which was home to coach Cal Hubbard . The swimming , boys ' tennis , cross-country , cheerleading , wrestling , football , and soccer teams along with many others are also highly competitive in the IHSA . The U-High girls ' basketball team has had at least 20 wins in the past 4 seasons and since 1992 have 13 Regional Titles , 7 Sectional Titles with a 3rd and a 4th-place finish . The U-High girls ' soccer team won 5 straight Regional Titles from 2007- 2011 and in 2010 won their first Sectional Championship in the past 7 years . In the 2010 season , the men 's swim team took third place . In 2014 the men 's swim won the IHSA state title . The men 's cross-country team has brought home trophies for three consecutive years ( 2009-2011 ) placing 2nd , 3rd , and 3rd respectively at the IHSA State Meet . Also in 2012 the woman 's cross-country team took 2nd at the IHSA state meet . The men 's and women 's cross-country teams have both been Cornbelt Conference Champions from ( 2009- 2016 ) . In 2012 , the men 's basketball team went to state and placed second , the boys ' baseball team earned a class 2A state championship , and the girls ' soccer team earned a 4th-place finish at state . In addition , in 2016 , both boys soccer and golf teams won state championships . In 2017 , the boys track team won the 2A state championship .
The Speech Team from 2009-2012 has captured both the Regional and Sectional Championships and had 3rd and 4th-place finishers at Nationals in 2008 and 2011 respectively . Additionally , the Speech Team won the IHSA State Finals Championship in 2013 . The math team received 7th place in 2007 and 9th place in 2008 for class 2A . In 2008 Chess scored 5-2 to win first in their class with a fourth round win against number 1 seed Niles North . In 2009 the chess team went 6-1 to earn 6th place in the Illinois High School Association chess tournament . U-High 's WYSE team has qualified for the state competition for 20+ years in a row . The WYSE team has won 4 state titles ( 1998 , 2013 , 2014 , 2016 ) .
Notable alumni
Keita Bates-Diop , NBA Player
Arnold Orville Beckman , inventor of the pH meter
Ellen Crawford , actor most commonly known for their part on the TV series ER
Jim Crews , college basketball coach
Chase Hilgenbrinck , retired professional soccer player in the Chilean Primera División and Major League Soccer , Catholic priest in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Peoria
Derek Johnson ( baseball ) , pitching coach Milwaukee Brewers
Pokey LaFarge , musician and songwriter
Ogonna Nnamani , two-time US indoor volleyball Olympian and winner of the Silver Medal
Emily Riehl , mathematician
Steve Sample , Sr. , jazz educator and composer
Adlai Stevenson II , Democratic Party presidential candidate in 1952 and 1956 , Governor of Illinois ( 1949-1953 )
Notes
References
External links
Official web site for University High School
The Clarionette Student Newspaper
Schools in Bloomington–Normal
Public high schools in Illinois
Illinois State University
Educational institutions established in 1857
1857 establishments in Illinois
Statistics of Chinese Taipei National Football League in the 1992 season .
Overview
Taipower won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Chinese Taipei National Football League seasons
1
Taipei
Taipei
Vladislaus II ( ; 1207 – 18 February 1227 or 1228 ) was the margrave of Moravia from 1222 to their death . They were member of the Přemyslid dynasty , son of King Ottokar I of Bohemia and their second wife , Constance of Hungary .
Literature
Novotný , Václav . České dějiny I./III . Čechy královské za Přemysla I. a Václava I. Prague : Jan Laichter , 1928 . 1085 p .
Vaníček , Vratislav . Velké dějiny zemí Koruny české II . 1197-1250 . Prague : Paseka , 2000 . 582 p. .
Žemlička , Josef . Počátky Čech královských 1198-1253 . Prague : Nakladatelství Lidové noviny , 2002 . 964 p. .
Žemlička , Josef . Přemysl Otakar I. Panovník , stát a česká společnost na prahu vrcholného feudalismu . Prague : Nakladatelství Svoboda , 1990 . 361 p. .
Žemlička , Josef . Století posledních Přemyslovců . Prague : Melantrich , 1998 . 412 p. .
1207 births
1220s deaths
Přemyslid dynasty
Bohemian princes
Margraves of Moravia
Aprophata eximioides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1961 . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1961
Caged Fury is a 1948 American drama film directed by William Berke and written by David Lang . The film stars Richard Denning , Sheila Ryan , Mary Beth Hughes , Buster Crabbe and Frank Wilcox . The film was released on March 5 , 1948 by Paramount Pictures .
Plot
Dan Corey 's circus employs a pair of lion tamers , Blaney and Smiley , whose act also includes Smiley 's sweetheart Lola Tremaine and a ferocious lion known as Sultan .
Lola is jealous of another circus performer , Kit Warren , a horseback rider Blaney has been seeing . A scheme by Smiley results in Lola 's being trapped inside the cage and mauled to death by the lion .
Kit wants to replace Lola in the act . They begin to learn the lion-taming act but breaks up with Blaney in the process . Smiley is attracted to them and decides to do away with Blaney once and for all . They begin to abuse Sultan , dressing like Blaney in the hope of turning the lion against the other man . After they are caught red-handed by circus owner Corey in their sinister plot , Smiley kills Corey , but while speeding away , Smiley 's car goes over a cliff .
A year later , Blaney and Kit are doing the lion-taming act when Smiley suddenly reappears . They had leapt from the car just in time . Now he 's come back to murder Blaney , but during their violent fight , Smiley is fatally attacked by the lion .
Cast
Richard Denning as Blaney Lewis
Sheila Ryan as Kit Warren
Mary Beth Hughes as Lola Tremaine
Buster Crabbe as Smiley
Frank Wilcox as Dan Corey
References
External links
Review of film at Variety
1948 films
1940s English-language films
Paramount Pictures films
American drama films
1948 drama films
Films directed by William A. Berke
American black-and-white films
Circus films
1940s American films
Paracoccus marginatus , commonly known as the papaya mealybug , is a small sap-sucking insect in the mealybug family , Pseudococcidae . It is found on a number of different hosts , including economically important tropical fruit trees and various ornamental plants .
Description
The adult female has a yellowish segmented , flattened oval body about two millimetres long covered with mealy wax . There are a number of short waxy filaments projecting around the margin . The ovisac is well developed and visible underneath the posterior part of the body . Sometimes the wax looks like cotton wool and oozes drops of fluid . The adult male is pinkish and about one millimetre long , with well-developed wings each marked with a small basal vein . The antennae have eight segments in both sexes , a characteristic which distinguishes this species from the hibiscus mealybug ( Maconellicoccus hirsutus ) .
Distribution
This species is believed to be native to Belize , Costa Rica , Guatemala and Mexico . It has spread to certain Caribbean Islands , Hawaii and French Guiana , and also to parts of Southeast Asia , including India , Indonesia and Thailand . It was discovered in Bradenton , Florida , in the United States in 1998 feeding on hibiscus , and four years later it had been detected on eighteen different plant species in the state . It has since been found in Texas and California and it is likely to become more widely distributed on the Gulf Coast , and perhaps also in crops grown under glass further north in the United States . The introduction of this species has caused damage to papaya cultivation in South India , especially in the states of Karnataka , Kerala and Tamil Nadu .
It has also invaded Assam - a northeastern state of India . It was recently noted in Réunion in the Indian Ocean .
Host plants
The papaya mealybug feeds on over 55 plants in more than 25 genera . Economically important host plants include papaya , avocado , citrus , mango , cherry and pomegranate , as well as hibiscus , cotton , tomato , eggplant , peppers , beans , peas and sweet potato . The mango is more affected by the mango mealybug .
Biology
The adult female deposits up to six hundred eggs into their ovisac over a period of one to two weeks . The eggs hatch ten days later and the crawlers , which resemble miniature versions of the adult female , disperse . There are four instars in the females and five in the males . The fifth instar male is a pupa in which the nymph undergoes metamorphosis into a winged adult .
Damage
The papaya mealybug inserts its stylet into the epidermis of the leaf or the skin of fruit or stem and feeds on the plant sap . At the same time it injects a toxic substance into the plant which results in chlorosis , distortion , stunting , early leaf and fruit fall , the production of honeydew , sooty mould and possibly the death of the plant .
Biological control
Natural enemies of the papaya mealybug include the mealybug destroyer ( Cryptolaemus montrouzieri ) , other lady beetles , lacewings and hoverflies . The larvae of several species of parasitoid wasp in the family Encyrtidae attack the papaya mealybug in its native range .
In 1999 , the USDA Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service and Agricultural Research Service collected and reared four species of wasp from Mexico in a biological pest control experiment . They introduced them into Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic and achieved a reduction of the papaya mealybug populations in both countries of over 95 % . All four wasps were observed parasitising second and third instars of the papaya mealybug , and Acerophagus papayae was the dominant species . All four have since been mass-reared and released in Florida .
References
Pseudococcidae
Agricultural pest insects
Citrus pests
Insects described in 1992
Hemiptera of Central America
Alfred Young Allee ( September 14 , 1905 – January 13 , 1987 ) was the grandson of Alfred Allee who became sheriff of Karnes County , Texas in 1892 . They were born in La Salle County , Texas and became a Texas Ranger like their father and grandfather .
Early history
In 1926 , Alfred was a game warden in Zavala County , Texas and became a deputy sheriff for the county in 1927 .
Texas Rangers
In 1931 , Alfred joined the Texas Rangers was a part of Captain Light Townsend 's C Company . In 1933 , they resigned after Miriam `` Ma '' Ferguson was elected governor of Texas and became deputy sheriff in Beeville , Texas . Many other Texas Rangers also resigned at this time in protest of corruption from Ma 's previous and future term .
In 1935 , a new governor ( James V. Allred ) was elected and Alfred rejoined the Texas Rangers . Alfred ended up serving thirty-seven years as a Texas Ranger .
Reputation
In 1966 , Texas farmworkers walked off their jobs to protest low pay and poor working conditions . To stop the strikes , the ranch owners called in the Texas Rangers , with Allee serving as captain . After the Rangers used biased enforcement ( e.g. , dispersing `` crowds '' of farmworkers from the courthouse steps , while allowing other groups to congregate there ) and violence , the farmworkers brought a lawsuit against them , with Allee as the first-named defendant . The case was eventually heard in the U.S. Supreme Court as Allee v. Medrano ( 1974 ) . Delivering the court 's decision , William O. Douglas told of a `` violent and brutal '' arrest led by Allee .
America 's Lost Treasures
In July 2012 , Captain Allee 's gun was chosen during the first episode of America 's Lost Treasures as `` special recognition for the importance of the artifact in American history , which will be featured in a special exhibit at the National Geographic Museum in Washington , D.C. , coming in 2013 . ''
References
American police officers
1905 births
1987 deaths
People from Zavala County , Texas
People from Beeville , Texas
People from La Salle County , Texas
The 2022 Hall of Fame Open was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts . It was the 46th edition of the event , and part of the 250 series of the 2022 ATP Tour . It took place at the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport , Rhode Island , United States , from July 10 through July 17 , 2022 .
Champions
Singles
Maxime Cressy def . Alexander Bublik , 2–6 , 6–3 , 7–6 ( 7–3 )
Doubles
William Blumberg / Steve Johnson def . Raven Klaasen / Marcelo Melo , 6–4 , 7–5
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
* per team
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of June 27 , 2022 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the main draw :
Félix Auger-Aliassime
Andy Murray
Max Purcell
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
William Blumberg
Liam Broady
Christopher Eubanks
Mitchell Krueger
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Jenson Brooksby → replaced by Stefan Kozlov
Jack Draper → replaced by Tim van Rijthoven
Ilya Ivashka → replaced by Feliciano López
Denis Kudla → replaced by Jack Sock
Doubles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of June 27 , 2022 .
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw :
Félix Auger-Aliassime / Benjamin Bonzi
Richard Ciamarra / Sam Querrey
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Maxime Cressy / Marc-Andrea Hüsler → replaced by Max Schnur / Artem Sitak
Matthew Ebden / Max Purcell → replaced by Max Purcell / Tim van Rijthoven
William Blumberg / Jack Sock → replaced by William Blumberg / Steve Johnson
Treat Huey / Denis Kudla → replaced by Radu Albot / Treat Huey
Sadio Doumbia / Fabien Reboul → replaced by Nicholas Monroe / Fabien Reboul
References
External links
Hall of Fame Open
Hall of Fame Open
Hall of Fame Open
Halloffame
Hall of Fame Open
A constitutional referendum was held in Guinea on 28 September 1958 as part of a wider referendum across the French Union ( and France itself ) on whether to adopt the new French Constitution . If the territory voted to accept the new constitution , it would then have four months to decide whether to
Preserve the status of overseas territory .
Become a state of the French Community .
Become an overseas department ( part of the French Republic ) .
Alongside Niger , Guinea was one of only two territories where the major political party campaigned for a `` no '' vote , and ultimately was the only territory to reject the constitution and opt for independence . The Democratic Party of Guinea , which had won all but four seats in the Territorial Assembly election the previous year under the leadership of Ahmed Sékou Touré , pushed for a rejection of the constitution , and on 19 October the party severed its ties with the African Democratic Rally , whose other members were in favour of retaining ties with France .
The results showed that more than 95 % of voters in Guinea voted against the constitution , with a turnout of 85.5 % .
Results
Aftermath
Following the referendum , Guinea declared independence on 2 October . The French government reacted badly to the result , and although Touré had not been seeking it , withdrew totally from the country and halted any development assistance . As a result , the Guinean government turned to the Communist bloc to request aid , a step which the French government used in pressuring Western countries not to accept the Guinean independence . Upon independence Touré assumed the office of President , and the country soon became a one-party state . Despite various assassination attempts and coup plots , Touré ruled until their death in 1984 .
References
Referendums in Guinea
Guinea
Guinea
Guinea
Constitutional
Constitutional referendums
Sir Alan Marshall Muir Wood ( 8 August 1921 – 1 February 2009 ) was a British civil engineer .
Education
Muir Wood was born on 8 August 1921 at Hampstead in London . Educated at Abbotsholme School , they later studied mechanical sciences at Peterhouse , Cambridge , from 1940 and graduated with a Master of Arts degree .
Career
Due to the Second World War Muir Wood joined the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve ( RNVR ) as a commissioned officer on 5 October 1942 . They reached the rank of Probationary Temporary Sub-Lieutenant ( Engineers ) in the RNVR before transferring as Temporary Sub-Lieutenant ( Engineers ) to the Royal Navy on 5 June 1944 . Muir Wood was promoted to Temporary Lieutenant ( Engineers ) on 1 August 1945 , with seniority of 5 April 1945 .
After leaving the navy in 1946 Muir Wood worked for the Southern Railway where they helped to design bridges and the remediation of landslips at Folkestone Warren , Kent . They then spent a period with the Docks and Inland Waterways Executive where they designed and organised the hydraulics laboratory . In 1952 they joined Halcrow , the engineering consultancy , where they began work on the Channel Tunnel , a project they would repeatedly return to over the next twenty years . They worked extensively with tunnels and their projects included the Clyde Tunnel , the Potters Bar rail tunnel , Heathrow Airport 's cargo tunnel and the Jubilee Line Extension . Muir Wood also worked on the design of South Africa 's 80 km long Orange–Fish River Tunnel , the second-longest water supply tunnel in the world .
Muir Wood was the second chairperson of the British Tunnelling Society and was founding president of the International Tunneling Association in 1974 and served as honorary president until their death . They retired from Halcrow as the firm 's senior partner on 1 May 1984 but continued to work as an expert witness and specialist consultant . They were closely involved with a campaign launched by New Civil Engineer to rescue Isambard Kingdom Brunel 's Thames Tunnel from a plan to shroud its lining with sprayed concrete . Muir Wood was elected president of the Institution of Civil Engineers ( ICE ) for the November 1977 to November 1978 session . They held a Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Dundee and an Engineering Doctorate from Bristol University where they were also a visiting professor .
Awards
Muir Wood was a fellow of the Royal Society , of the Royal Academy of Engineering and of the ICE . They were also a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences . In 1981 they were appointed a fellow of Imperial College London and of their alma mater , Peterhouse . Muir Wood was appointed a Knight Bachelor on 31 December 1981 , the knighthood was conferred by Queen Elizabeth II on 23 March 1982 . They died on 1 February 2009 .
Personal life
Muir Wood was a descendant of John Muir Wood , musician , music publisher and amateur photographer from Edinburgh and Glasgow . Muir Wood was instrumental in the 1987 donation of 900 of their John Muir Wood 's photographs to the National Galleries of Scotland .
References
External links
Obituary in The Times
Obituary in The Telegraph
Obituary in Bristol university ; News from the University
1921 births
2009 deaths
English civil engineers
People from Hampstead
Knights Bachelor
Presidents of the Institution of Civil Engineers
Alumni of Peterhouse , Cambridge
Fellows of Peterhouse , Cambridge
Academics of the University of Bristol
Royal Navy officers
Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Royal Navy personnel of World War II
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Fellows of the Royal Society
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences
People associated with transport in London
People educated at Abbotsholme School
Geotechnical engineers
Rose-Marie is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Lucien Hubbard . It was the first of three Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer adaptations of the 1924 operetta Broadway musical Rose-Marie . The best-known film adaptation starring Nelson Eddy and Jeanette MacDonald was released in 1936 ; another film was released in 1954 . All three versions are set in the Canadian wilderness .
Portions of Rudolf Friml and Herbert Stothart 's original score for the Broadway musical are utilized in the 1936 and 1954 films , but not for the silent version . MGM provided sheet music with the film for playing at the theater . Joan Crawford , who starred in the 1928 version alongside James Murray , later remarked , `` Rose Marie was surprisingly good without the music , but I felt uneasy as a French Canadian , but the critics did n't notice . ''
Plot summary
Cast
Joan Crawford as Rose-Marie
James Murray as Jim Kenyon
House Peters as Sergeant Malone
Creighton Hale as Etienne Doray
Gibson Gowland as Black Bastien
George Cooper as Fuzzy
Lionel Belmore as Henri Duray
William Orlamond as Emile La Flamme
Polly Moran as Lady Jane
Harry Gribbon as Trooper Gray
Gertrude Astor as Wanda
Ralph Yearsley as Jean
Sven Hugo Borg as Hudson
Lloyd Hamilton as Fuzzy - Bearded Trapper ( scenes deleted )
Lou Costello as Extra and Stunt Performer ( uncredited )
Margaret Lee as Extra ( uncredited )
Production
`` Rose-Marie '' was initially filmed with Renee Adoree in the lead and William Nigh directing . After two weeks of location filming at Yosemite National Park , the studio shut down the production , fired Nigh , and brought Lucien Hubbard in to produce and write a new screenplay . Another director , Edmund Goulding , was assigned , and they re-cast the picture , selecting Joan Crawford for the lead role . Goulding , although referenced in the trade press throughout the production , was ultimately not credited as director .
Reception
Norbert Lusk summed up the response of New York critics : `` 'Rose-Marie ' ... has proved disappointing . With unusual unanimity the reviewers rate it just another story about the Northwest Mounted Police , which never reaches more than lukewarm interest in spite of good acting and , of course , beautiful scenery . It 's strongest asset is its title , which will doubtless draw in the absence of word-of-mouth advertising . '' Mae Tinee , writing in the Chicago Daily Tribune , called the film `` charming , '' but felt that Crawford `` has not the fire and depth that Miss Adoree brings to their characterizations . ''
Preservation status
Rose-Marie is considered to be a lost film . MGM once had a policy , when a film was remade , to destroy prints of the original film , so prints of this film may have been destroyed when the 1936 remake was released .
References
External links
Still of Crawford and Murray at gettyimages.com
1928 films
1928 drama films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American films based on plays
Lost American films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1928 lost films
Lost drama films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
The Toe is a point marking the south side of the entrance to Harmony Cove and the north-west side of the entrance to Varvara Cove on the west side of Nelson Island , in the South Shetland Islands . This descriptive name seems first to appear on a chart based upon a 1935 survey by DI personnel on the Discovery II . The Toe is part of both Antarctic Specially Protected Area Harmony Point ( ASPA 133 ) and the BirdLife International Important Bird Area Harmony Point , Nelson Island .
Notes
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Geography of Nelson Island ( South Shetland Islands )
Headlands of the South Shetland Islands
A ( Plant ) natural rope is a rope that is made from natural fibers . These fibers are obtained from organic material ( such as materials produced by plants ) . Natural ropes suffer from many problems including susceptibility to rotting , degradation , mildew and wear out very quickly .
Materials
Cotton , sisal , manila , coir , and papyrus are materials that can be used to create a natural rope .
Disadvantages compared to synthetic ropes
Natural ropes suffer from many problems when compared to synthetic ropes . Natural ropes have a susceptibility to rot , degrade , and mildew . Natural ropes also wear out very quickly and lose much of their strength when placed in water .
See also
Synthetic rope
Fiber rope
Wire rope
References
Materials
`` É Preciso Saber Viver '' is the eleventh single by Titãs , released in 1998 . It is a cover of a song written by Roberto Carlos , the best-selling musical artist in Brazil , and Erasmo Carlos . Extra vocals were provided by Brazilian band Fat Family . The song was featured on the Rede Globo telenovela Pecado Capital .
Music video
The music video of the song , directed by Conspiração Filmes , shows black & white images of the band performing in studio , and later alternate shots of the members taking a look at pictures of the group start to appear as well . Most of these pictures were printed on the Volume Dois booklet .
References
1998 singles
Titãs songs
The New Party was a neoliberal political party in the United Kingdom active between 2003 and 2010 . The party described itself as `` a party of economic liberalism , political reform and internationalism '' . It supported a smaller role for the state , a significant reduction in bureaucracy , renegotiation with the European Union and a strengthening of the special relationship with the United States .
The party was founded as the Scottish People 's Alliance , standing at the 2003 Scottish Parliamentary Elections and receiving 7,718 votes ( 0.4 % ) .
The New Party did not stand in the 2005 general election .
History
Founding
The New Party has its origins in the initiative A New Party for Britain launched in late 2002 , at a time when speculation about the possibility of a split in the UK Conservative Party was rife , during the leadership of Iain Duncan Smith . Before the launch , the party announced in January 2003 that it planned to scrap the Scottish Parliament , and it was decried by David McLetchie , the leader of the Scottish Conservatives , as `` fascist and undemocratic . '' The party was officially launched on 14 March 2003 , when the party was founded under the name , with funerals business person Howard Hodgson as its spokesperson . The launch was timed to coincide with the Conservative Party Spring Conference the next day in Harrogate . Senior figures included Jenny Ungless , Iain Duncan Smith 's former chief of staff , Charlotte Kenyon , a former Conservative Party press officer , and Mark Adams , a former Conservative Party official . The head of policy in Scotland was Bruce Skivington .
Scottish Parliament elections
The initial policy programme of the party had two main planks : direct democracy , with all legislation subject to popular referendum ; and Universal Benefit , a direct payment from the state to every citizen as a replacement for the current benefits system . A reduction of the voting age to 16 was also proposed . Taxes would be cut by 3p . The pledge to scrap the Scottish parliament was dropped , but the party pledged to sell the Holyrood Scottish Parliament Building , and to reduce the number of parliamentarians , in Holyrood , Westminster and an all-elected Lords . Alan Cochrane in the Daily Telegraph commented that `` the Scottish People 's Alliance appears to offer a mish-mash of policies , which are for the most part half-baked – but not all that more so than many of the offerings from parties of much longer standing . And if they get their act together in time they might well appeal . Their most immediate problem appears to be that they have not got their act together in anything like enough time . ''
The party decided to contest the Scottish Parliamentary Election in May 2003 , fielding 16 candidates . However , the party received a small proportion of the vote and won no seats . This was despite the fact that two of the Peoples Alliance candidates , Lyndsay McIntosh and Keith Harding , were outgoing Conservative Members of the Scottish Parliament ( MSPs ) . They had defected after being ranked further down the Conservative list for the election .
The New Party
Disappointed with its performance after spending £188,889 on the election , the party was relaunched in October 2003 with a revamped manifesto ( direct democracy and Universal Benefit were dropped ) and a revised statement of philosophy and principles , under the name 'The New Party ' .
The party took no part in the 2004 European Parliament Elections . At the end of 2004 , United Kingdom Independence Party MEP Robert Kilroy-Silk approached the New Party with a view to becoming leader . The executive declined 5 to 4 , and several senior members of the New Party subsequently departed to join Kilroy-Silk 's Veritas party at its launch in February 2005 , including policy director Jonathan Lockhart , Richard Vass , the first party chairperson of Veritas , and Patrick Eston , Kilroy-Silk 's successor as leader .
The New Party did not contest the 2005 General Election .
In 2007 a member and two times local election candidate for the New Party , Stewart Dimmock , with backing from Viscount Monckton , the author of the party 's first manifesto , launched a partly successful court case to seek to prevent the showing of the film An Inconvenient Truth in UK schools claiming that the film is political rather than scientific in nature . The court ruled that the film could be shown in schools only if teachers pointed out nine errors .
In July 2008 David Pinder , the national spokesperson , became the party 's first UK parliamentary candidate at the Haltemprice and Howden by-election , polling 135 votes .
In August 2009 Richard Vass was named leader , declaring the party 's intention to contest the 2010 General Election .
On 1 July 2010 , the New Party was de-registered with the Electoral Commission and is no longer able to field candidates .
Policy
The New Party describes its philosophy as follows :
The New Party is a party of economic liberalism , political reform and internationalism . We stand for individual freedom and personal responsibility in preference to state control . We believe that only by empowering individuals and their families to take more control of their lives can we promote a spirit of mutual responsibility and respect in society as a whole .
The New Party favours small government with a flat-tax regime and measures to increase individual freedom and self-reliance , as well as deregulation of business and industry . The party recommends wholesale reform of the welfare state with measures to reduce welfare dependency , and reduction of state control of public services , including reform of the National Health Service .
The New Party proposes various reforms of parliament , including adopting the Alternative Vote system for electing the House of Commons , an appointed and non-political House of Lords , and measures to strengthen the independence of the Civil Service .
The party regards itself as internationalist in outlook , which it interprets as support for democratic governments and human rights worldwide . The party is rather more cautious with regard to international organisations such as the European Union and the United Nations . After espousing a robust eurosceptic position , the party has latterly reverted to a more equivocal stance towards the European Union . It has also been critical of the United Nations as an undemocratic body without moral authority .
In foreign policy the party has adopted a liberal interventionist or neo-conservative approach and has been strongly supportive of the War on Terror , and British and American military intervention in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The most recent published policy statement of the New Party is the Manifesto for a World Class Nation , published in 2005 .
Organisation
The party chairperson , founder and chief financial backer of the New Party was Scottish millionaire business person Robert Durward . The Party is governed by a National Policy Committee for the UK as a whole , and by a Scottish Policy Committee in Scotland .
The New Party was well-funded thanks to the financial support of its chairperson , and the party had a small full-time staff from the outset , with three full-time staff at the offices at Almondvale football ground in Livingston and two at Mark Adams ' office in London in 2003 . Duward 's company Cloburn Quarry funded the Peoples Alliance with £490,000 in 2003 , and gave the New Party £284,000 in 2004 , £393,000 in 2005 , £135,000 in 2006 , £209,093 in 2007 , and £125,000 in 2008 . Friends of the Earth suggested when the party launched in 2003 that the motivation for the party was Duward 's opposition to a tax on the extraction of construction aggregate .
Subsequent analysis of records at the Electoral Commission shows that Durward 's company Cloburn was the only registered donor to The New Party during its lifetime , donating £1,382,819.88 .
Local elections
On 30 March 2006 Donald McDiarmid contested a local council by-election in the Borestone ward in Stirling , polling just 18 votes ( 1.9 % ) .
At the local government elections in England on 4 May 2006 , five New Party candidates stood in five separate local government areas in Hertfordshire , Lancashire and Yorkshire , averaging 204 votes ( 8.7 % ) .
In a by-election for Dover Town Council in October 2006 Stewart Dimmock , the New Party candidate , polled 139 votes ( 27.0 % ) .
References
External links
Manifesto
Peoples Alliance website on the Internet Archive
Political parties established in 2003
Conservative parties in the United Kingdom
Conservative Party ( UK ) breakaway groups
2003 establishments in the United Kingdom
Eurosceptic parties in the United Kingdom
Political parties disestablished in 2010
2010 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Neoliberal parties
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1972–73 season .
Overview
Al Qadisiya Kuwait won the championship .
References
RSSSF
1972–73
1972–73 in Asian association football leagues
football
`` Never Really Wanted '' is a debut song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Eric Paslay . It was released on July 25 , 2011 as the first single from Paslay 's self-titled debut album .
Critical reception
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country gave the song a four-star review , saying that `` The debut single from Eric Paslay is the cute but shy kid in class . It 's not going to sweep you off your feet the first time you lay ears on it . No , ‘ Never Really Wanted ' is built for the long run . It 's a song you can fall in love with . '' Liv Carter of Urban Country News gave the song a `` thumbs up '' , praising Paslay 's vocals as well as the song 's chorus . They summarized their review by saying that `` So , country radio , do your thing and make this a solid hit . Eric Paslay already has Top 10 success as co-writer of Jake Owen ‘ s ‘ Barefoot Blue Jean Night ' . Now it 's time for them to stand in the spotlight all by himself .
Chart performance
References
2011 songs
2011 debut singles
Eric Paslay songs
EMI Records singles
Songs written by Eric Paslay
Songs written by Walt Aldridge
Song recordings produced by Marshall Altman
Dairy Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Norway in Herkimer County , southeast of Norway . The mountain is the former location of a steel fire lookout tower .
History
In 1934 , the CCC built a International Derrick tower on the mountain . It was provided to the state by the United States Forest Service . The tower was first staffed in 1935 , reporting 6 fires and 568 visitors . The tower ceased fire lookout operations in 1986 . The tower and cabin were later removed because of extreme vandalism of the tower and the site .
References
Mountains of Herkimer County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
The 2020–21 NK Slaven Belupo season is the club 's 114th season in existence and the 13th consecutive season in the top flight of Croatian football . In addition to the domestic league , Slaven Belupo will participate in this season 's edition of the Croatian Cup . The season covers the period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2021 .
Players
First-team squad
https : //nk-slaven-belupo.hr/
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overview
Slaven Belupo started the season with a batch of mixed results , drawing 5 out of their 7 opening games . Their first win came on 16 October 2020 on matchday 8 , with a scoreline of 5:1 against Istra 1961 . Slaven Belupo stopped drawing games until the winter break , winning 4 out of 12 games . After the winter break , Slaven Belupo yet again entered drawing form , drawing 8 out of 14 games . After that , they stopped drawing again and lost 5 games in a row , coming closer to the relegation zone . Before the final matchday , Slaven Belupo were only 3 points above the relegation zone . Despiite the concerns , Slaven Belupo survived with a dramatic goal from Lovro Zvonarek , ensuring a 1:0 victory over relegation rivals NK Varaždin . Despite the survival and a 7th place finish , Tomislav Stipić was sacked on 10 June 2021 after just 2 wins after the winter break .
HT Prva liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Croatian Football Cup
Statistics
Goalscorers
References
External links
NK Slaven Belupo seasons
Slaven Belupo
Masoko may refer to :
Masoko , Ward , Rungwe District , Mbeya Region , Tanzania
Kilwa Masoko , the administrative center of Kilwa District , Lindi Region , Tanzania
Macefen is a former civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England . Its area is now part of the civil parishes of Tushingham-cum-Grindley , Macefen and Bradley and No Man 's Heath and District . Macefen lies east of the village of Malpas and north west of Whitchurch , Salop . Part of the village of No Man 's Heath was within the northern boundary of Macefen . Its name is thought to possibly be an anglicisation of an older Welsh placename Maes-y-ffin , `` the open field ( maes ) at the boundary ( ffin ) '' .
Macefen was a slightly curious parish in that it scarcely appears in gazetteers . Under the manorial system Macefen was a manor of the Barony of Malpas , and was for many years part of the estates of the Grosvenor family . Later it was a township of the ancient parish of Malpas , and later still its boundaries became those of a civil parish . Kelly 's Directory of Cheshire , 1914 lists Macefen under Tushingham cum Grindley thus : `` Macefen ( or Maesfen ) is a small township in the Whitchurch union , 2 miles south from Malpas station . The Hon . Mrs. Algernon R. Parker , who has a residence here [ at on the north side of Bradley Lane ] , is lady of the manor and sole landowner . '' It never had its own church but was served by adjacent churches . The civil parish was abolished in 2015 to form Tushingham-cum-Grindley , Macefen and Bradley and No Man 's Heath and District .
References
Former civil parishes in Cheshire
Cheshire West and Chester
Ataxia cylindrica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1940 . It is known from Colombia .
References
Ataxia ( beetle )
Beetles described in 1940
Aranka Binder ( ; born 19 June 1966 ) is a Serbian sport shooter of Hungarian ethnicity . They won a bronze medal in Women 's Air Rifle in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
References
1966 births
Hungarians in Vojvodina
Serbian female sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Shooters at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters as Independent Olympic Participants
Olympic shooters of Yugoslavia
Olympic bronze medalists as Independent Olympic Participants
Living people
Olympic medalists in shooting
Sportspeople from Sombor
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Serbia
Competitors at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in shooting
Timothy Selwood ( 1 September 1944 – 10 February 2021 ) was an English cricketer who played for Middlesex as an opening batsman between 1966 and 1973 . They struggled at first-class level , failing to make a half-century for Middlesex , though they did make a career-best 89 during a one-off season for Central Districts in 1972-73 . Selwood spent the remainder of their career playing for Middlesex 's 2nd XI , as well as league and club cricket , before going on to coach Finchley Cricket Club in the Middlesex Premier League . Their son , Steven , also played first-class cricket .
References
External links
1944 births
2021 deaths
People from Prestatyn
Welsh cricketers
Middlesex cricketers
Central Districts cricketers
Durham cricketers
Place of death missing
Épinal station ( French : Gare d'Épinal ) is a railway station serving the commune of Épinal , Vosges department , France . The station is owned and operated by SNCF , in the TER Grand Est regional rail network and is served by TGV and TER trains . In 2018 the station saw 1,013,669 passengers .
References
Épinal
Railway stations in Vosges ( department )
Railway stations in France opened in 1857
1857 establishments in France
Stenaelurillus striolatus is a jumping spider species in the genus Stenaelurillus that lives in Nigeria .
References
Endemic fauna of Nigeria
Spiders described in 2011
Spiders of Africa
Fauna of Nigeria
Salticidae
Taxa named by Wanda Wesołowska
Edward `` Gordon '' Perry Jr. ( September 29 , 1912 – March 14 , 2013 ) was an American inventor and business person who served as chief research engineer for Texas Instruments . They were also a co-founder of Recognition Equipment , Inc , ( REI ) . They are best known for inventing the first commercially viable Retina Character Reader ( today known as the optical scanner or OCR ) .
Early life and education
Perry was born in El Paso and subsequently moved to Dallas at age nine . As a teenager , Perry was given free rein in the mechanics garage of their father 's car dealership and began to build race cars . They graduated from the Southern Methodist University in 1933 , with an engineering degree .
Their first business was Custom Built Camera Accessories Co. where , in addition to altering and designing movie cameras for special effects and animation for TV stations , they altered individual 's cameras to increase their functionality . After completing this customization , Perry would return the camera to the customer with the new features at the agreed price or in its original condition for no charge , if they were unable to make the alteration . This enabled them to get paid while inventing new camera ideas and registering patents on these inventions . This camera optics experience and their engineering background would contribute to their future invention of the Optical Retina Reader
Career
Texas Instruments ( TI ) 1944 - 1961
After the US entered World War II , Perry joined Geophysical Service Inc. ( GSI ) to help create a magnetic airborne submarine detector . The underwater radar they designed to detect German and Japanese submarines from airplanes was successful and helped contribute to find enemy 's subs , even as close to the US as the Gulf of Mexico .
When G.S.I . became Texas Instruments in 1951 , Perry continued to work there as a Research Engineer and inventor accumulating 75 patents in their name . Their work on the Silicon Crystal Puller helped enable T.I . to have Silicon Transistors at least 10 years ahead of the industry . In recognition for their work , they were given the second Silicon Crystal ever produced . While at TI , Perry also worked on the team at TI 's Central Research Laboratories ( CRL ) where Jack Kilby , in 1958 , invented the integrated circuit .
Recognition Equipment Inc. ( REI ) 1961 – 1967 . Invention of Retina Character Reader
After leaving TI in 1961 and founding National Data Processing Engineering ( NDP ) , Perry designed and built a scanner computer for Southwest Medical School to reduce the analysis time of 3D x-ray movies of the heart to minutes instead of days . NDP also got a contract with the Federal Reserve System to automate check sorting . Remington Rand later bought NDP to access the sorter . Perry then co-founded Recognition Equipment Inc. ( REI ) where they developed their version of an optical scanner . They worked on a commercially viable Optical Reader , which could identify and “ read ” typed and handwritten text and numbers . The early designs of this invention were developed in their home garage and REI provided the means to bring their vision “ to life ” , as they taught computers to read . One of their page readers is in the Smithsonian Institution . The first multi-font reader was introduced in 1964 and sold to United Airlines . Perry 's optical data reader from REI could read 2000 typewritten characters per second , replacing a company 's entire keypunch department . REI 's stock went public in 1965 and was successful enough to enable Perry to retire in 1967 .
Other significant achievements
Remote Control Lawnmower
In the late 1950s , Perry customized and patented an electric lawnmower , which was manufactured and marketed by Sears and Roebuck , and converted it into one of the first remote controlled lawnmower . With a simple design of just two switches consisting of an on-off toggle and a right-left dial , the user was able to operate it from inside their air-conditioned home . An attempt by Sears to market the lawnmower in 1963 failed because the consumers , brought to a focus group , did n't believe that Sears would be able to train anyone to repair this “ space age ” lawn mower except the man who created it ( Perry ) and there would never be enough time for them to repair all the lawnmowers that were sold .
Aerial Camera
Docuteller .
Spun off a new company , Docutel , to bring the first Automatic Teller Machine ( ATM ) , named the Docuteller , to market . Perry was instrumental in helping Donald Wetzel with the concept and design .
In 1965 , REI introduced a 45-foot ( 14m ) long electronic “ crawl ” display designed by Perry , which was installed on the trading floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) .
References
20th-century American engineers
People from El Paso , Texas
1912 births
2013 deaths
American centenarians
Men centenarians
American engineers
American writers
American inventors
20th-century American inventors
International School of Management GmbH ( ISM ) is a German business school headquartered in Dortmund . It is a private university with state recognition .
Overview
The International School of Management ( ISM ) is a private , state-recognized University of Applied Sciences that has been offering career focused management education programs with an international orientation .
ISM has seven campuses in Dortmund , Frankfurt am Main , Munich , Hamburg , Cologne , Stuttgart and Berlin .
History
Originally founded in 1990 as IDB-Wirtschaftsakademie in Dortmund by Klaus Evard , it was renamed the International School of Management ( ISM ) in 1992 . In 1994 it was recognized as a private university of applied sciences . The company shares were taken over in 1998 by ESO Education Group .
In 2006 , in accordance with the Bologna Process , ISM switched the Diploma courses to Bachelor and Master courses .
Accreditation
ISM is recognized by the Ministry of Science of North Rhine-Westphalia , giving degrees that it issues equal status to those obtained at state universities .
In June 2004 , ISM gained accreditation from the German Council of Science and Humanities for a period of ten years ; this was renewed for a further 10 years in 2015 .
The university first received accreditation from the FIBAA for its MBA program in 2003 . Since then all ISM study programs have received FIBBA accreditation .
Ranking
In the 2020 CHE University Ranking , ISM ranked highest for Internationality , Contact to professional practice and Support at the beginning of studies .
In the 2020 U-Multirank ranking , ISM achieved a global Top 25 score in the categories , Contact to work environment and Student mobility .
In the 2019 WirtschaftsWoche Ranking , for Business Administration , ISM came 4th in private universities and 14th overall .
Partnerships
As of 3 September 2019 , ISM is partnered with 188 universities across 43 different countries .
Notable people
Academic staff
Ulrich Lichtenthaler
Bert Rürup
Hermann Schubert
References
External links
Business schools in Germany
Universities and colleges in North Rhine-Westphalia
Private universities and colleges in Germany
1990 establishments in Germany
Educational institutions established in 1990
John Adelbert Kelley ( September 6 , 1907 – October 6 , 2004 ) was an American long-distance runner who twice represented their native country at the Summer Olympics , in 1936 and 1948 , and competed in the Boston Marathon over 50 times , winning in 1935 and 1945 . They were often dubbed `` Kelley the Elder '' to avoid confusion with John J. Kelley ( 1930–2011 ; `` Kelley the Younger '' ) , winner of the 1957 Boston Marathon ; the two men were not related .
Biography
Born in West Medford , Massachusetts , as one of ten children , Kelley ran track and cross-country at Arlington High School in Massachusetts . They did not finish their first Boston Marathon in 1928 , but eventually competed in a record 61 Boston Marathons .
Regarded as a legend of the marathon , Kelley won the 1935 and 1945 runnings of the Boston Marathon . They finished in second place at Boston a record seven times . Between 1934 and 1950 , they finished in the top five 15 times at Boston , consistently running in the 2:30s . Kelley also ran the Yonkers Marathon 29 times .
In 1936 , Kelley overtook Ellison `` Tarzan '' Brown near Heartbreak Hill , giving them a consolatory pat on the shoulder as they passed . This gesture renewed the competitive drive in Brown , who rallied , pulled ahead of Kelley , and went on to win—thereby , it was said , breaking Kelley 's heart .
A member of the U.S. Olympic Team at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin , Kelley finished 18th in the marathon . They again competed for the U.S. in the 1948 Summer Olympics in London .
At age 70 , Kelley was still running a week and around 15 races a year . They ran their 50th Boston Marathon in 1981 ; the event was also their 108th career marathon . Kelley ran their last full marathon at Boston in 1992 at the age of 84 , their 61st start and 58th finish there . For two more years , they ran the last .
In 1993 , a commemorative statue of Kelley was erected near the City Hall of Newton , Massachusetts , on the Boston Marathon course , one hill and about prior to the foot of Heartbreak Hill .
Kelley was named `` Runner of the Century '' by Runner 's World magazine in 2000 . They enjoyed painting and worked in natural landscapes , producing about 20 paintings a year . One commissioned work is The Boston Dream , a Primitive School painting showing the marathon course , with Hopkinton and Boston rising from the distance , as two winter runners—a woman and a man—train for their `` Boston dream '' .
Kelley died in 2004 at age 97 ; they are buried in Quivet Neck Cemetery in East Dennis , Massachusetts .
Quotes
See also
List of winners of the Boston Marathon
Les Pawson
Notes
References
References
Running Past profile
Boston Globe obituary
External links
Obituary at ESPN
Photo story and obituary in the Boston Globe Retrieved 2008-03-19
Postcards written and sent by Johnny Kelley from the 1936 Berlin Olympic Games
1907 births
2004 deaths
American male long-distance runners
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
People from Arlington , Massachusetts
Boston Marathon male winners
American masters athletes
Arlington High School ( Massachusetts ) alumni
Sportspeople from Middlesex County , Massachusetts
The Indigenous Australian rugby league team ( also known as the Indigenous All Stars or Indigenous Dreamtime team ) is a rugby league football team that represents Aboriginal Australians and Torres Strait Islanders . The team was first formed in 1973 and currently plays in an annual All Stars Match against a National Rugby League NRL All Stars team .
History
An Aboriginal v White Australian rugby league game was held in Barcaldine in Western Queensland in 1963 . These 'Blacks v Whites ' games continued annually until 1984 .
The first Australian Aboriginal rugby league team was assembled in 1973 The Aboriginal team managed to win seven of its nine matches in just 10 days , The team consisted of 34 players – 19 from NSW , 13 from Queensland and two from the Northern Territory . They went on to win games against Kiwi premiers Wellington Petone , the only all-Maori team & Auckland club & Te Atatu , which the Aboriginal side won 17–13 .
The side competed in the Pacific Cup in 1990 , 1992 and 1994 . During this period the team contained New South Wales Rugby League first grade players such as Ricky Walford , Graham Lyons , Ron Gibbs , Darrell Trindall , Paul Davis , Wayne Alberts , George Longbottom and Will Robinson .
In the post-1999 NRL season an Aboriginal side managed by Arthur Beetson defeated the Papua New Guinea Kumuls and the future rugby league Immortal was pushing for an Australia Day match against the Australian national team .
In 2008 World Cup curtain raiser to the Australia vs. New Zealand match included an Indigenous Australian squad playing against New Zealand Māori which featured several prominent NRL players and rising stars , including Chris Sandow , Wairangi Koopu , Preston Campbell , Shaun Kenny-Dowall and Carl Webb .
Preston Campbell , a highly respected aboriginal rugby league player , was a driving force behind the setup , in 2010 , of a curtain raising match between the Indigenous All Stars , and the NRL All Stars . The Indigenous All Stars played what seems likely become an annual match against the National Rugby League All Stars on 13 February 2010 . The squad was chosen in part by public vote . Aboriginal NRL player Sid Domic 's artistic ability led them to be selected from a field of six artists to design the Indigenous side 's jersey , as well as Johnathan Thurston 's and Jamie Soward 's custom headgear , for the annual All Stars matches .
2019 will see a new format of the Australian Indigenous All-Stars play the New Zealand Māori at AAMI Park in Melbourne on 15 February . It will be part of an All-Stars double header with the women 's teams to play the curtain-raiser Māori and indigenous teams to the men 's game . With no All-Stars game in 2017 due to the World Cup , the NRL will be hoping the inclusion of the New Zealand Māori side will spark popularity in the fixture . With three Indigenous players also eligible for both teams Dane Gagai , Reimis Smith , Josh Hoffman and Javid Bowen .
Teams
First Australian Aboriginal Rugby League Team 1973 Tour
John Brady
Tom Briggs
Kenneth Brown
Marshall Brown
Max Edwards
Phil Hall
Wally Tallis
William Widders
Carl Wyles
1990-92-1994 Australian Aborigines Pacific Cup Team
Wayne Alberts
Paul Davis
Ron Gibbs
George Longbottom
Graham Lyons
Will Robinson
Darrell Trindall
Ricky Walford
Jason Wilson ( Walgett Rugby League )
1999 Australian Aborigines
Cliff Lyons ( c )
John Buttigieg
Owen Craigie
John Doyle
Justin Doyle
Alf Duncan
Peter Ellis
Damien Higgins
Lee Hookey
Damian Kennedy
Kevin McGuinness
Dennis Moran
John Simon
Robbie Simpson
Blaine Stanley
Mark Tookey
Albert Torrens
Carl Webb
Dean Widders
Coach - Arthur Beetson
2008 Indigenous Team of the Century ( 1908–2007 )
2008 Indigenous Dreamtime
2010 Indigenous All Stars
2011 Indigenous All Stars
2012 Indigenous All Stars
2013 Indigenous All Stars
2014 Festival of Indigenous Rugby League
The NRL launched a Festival of Indigenous Rugby League program to take the place of the prestigious pre-season Rugby League All Stars game following every World Cup year . The 2014 Festival of Indigenous Rugby League featured a trial match between the Knights and a non-elite Indigenous team , drawn from the immensely popular NSW Koori Rugby League Knockout and Murri Carnivals in Queensland , as well as the NRL Indigenous Player Cultural Camp , Murri vs Koori women 's and Under 16s representative games , a Murri v Koori match , a jobs expo and community visits .
2015 Indigenous All Stars
2016 Indigenous All Stars
2017 Indigenous All Stars
2019 Indigenous All Stars
Indigenous Team of the Decade ( 2010–2019 )
2020 Indigenous All Stars
2021 Indigenous All Stars
2022 Indigenous All Stars
Results
2022 Player Pool
National Rugby League ( Australia )
Selwyn Cobbo ( Brisbane Broncos )
Ryan James ( Brisbane Broncos )
Albert Kelly ( Brisbane Broncos )
Brenko Lee ( Brisbane Broncos )
Ezra Mam ( Brisbane Broncos )
Tyrone Roberts ( Brisbane Broncos )
Zac Saddler ( Brisbane Broncos )
Kotoni Staggs ( Brisbane Broncos )
Adam Elliott ( Canberra Raiders )
Jamal Fogarty ( Canberra Raiders )
Sebastian Kris ( Canberra Raiders )
Xavier Savage ( Canberra Raiders )
Jack Wighton ( Canberra Raiders )
Josh Addo-Carr ( Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs )
Bailey Biondi-Odo ( Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs )
Braidon Burns ( Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs )
Josh Cook ( Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs )
Brent Naden ( Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs )
Andrew Fifita ( Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks )
Wade Graham ( Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks )
William Kennedy ( Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks )
Nicho Hynes ( Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks )
Jesse Ramien ( Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks )
Braydon Trindall ( Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks )
Jayden Campbell ( Gold Coast Titans )
David Fifita ( Gold Coast Titans )
Brian Kelly ( Gold Coast Titans )
Jonus Pearson ( Gold Coast Titans )
Will Smith ( Gold Coast Titans )
Treymain Spry ( Gold Coast Titans )
Corey Thompson ( Gold Coast Titans )
Jason Saab ( Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles )
Reimis Smith ( Melbourne Storm )
Dane Gagai ( Newcastle Knights )
Edrick Lee ( Newcastle Knights )
Joshua Curran ( New Zealand Warriors )
Ashley Taylor ( New Zealand Warriors )
Reece Walsh ( New Zealand Warriors )
Reuben Cotter ( North Queensland Cowboys )
Scott Drinkwater ( North Queensland Cowboys )
Hamiso Tabuai-Fidow ( North Queensland Cowboys )
Jamayne Taunoa-Brown ( North Queensland Cowboys )
J'maine Hopgood ( Penrith Panthers )
Chris Smith ( Penrith Panthers )
Troy Dargan ( South Sydney Rabbitohs )
Alex Johnston ( South Sydney Rabbitohs )
Blake Taaffe ( South Sydney Rabbitohs )
Cody Walker ( South Sydney Rabbitohs )
Jack Bird ( St. George Illawarra Dragons )
Tyrell Fuimaono ( St. George Illawarra Dragons )
Josh Kerr ( St. George Illawarra Dragons )
Tyrell Sloan ( St. George Illawarra Dragons )
Jayden Sullivan ( St. George Illawarra Dragons )
Connor Watson ( Sydney roosters )
Daine Laurie ( Wests Tigers )
Tyrone Peachey ( Wests Tigers )
James Roberts ( Wests Tigers )
Super League Europe
Josh Drinkwater ( Catalans Dragons )
Aidan Sezer ( Huddersfield Giants )
Robert Lui ( Leeds Rhinos )
Nathan Peats ( Leigh Centurions )
Joel Thompson ( St Helens R.F.C . )
David Fifita ( Wakefield Trinity )
Greg Inglis ( Warrington Wolves )
Jai Field ( Wigan Warriors )
Bevan French ( Wigan Warriors )
See also
Australian national rugby league team
List of Indigenous All Stars players
References
External links
rleague.com
Rugby league representative teams in Australia
Australia national rugby league team
Nepal Labour Party ( ) is a political party in Nepal . As of 2013 , the chairperson of the party was Nawal Kishor Sah . The party registered itself with the Election Commission of Nepal ahead of the 2013 Constituent Assembly election , with the support of 10,000 voters . It presented 26 candidates in FPTP constituencies . For the Proportional Representation vote the party submitted a list of 59 candidates , headed by Nawal Kishor Sah . The election symbol of the party is a whistle .
References
Political parties in Nepal
Terror is Our Business : Dana Roberts ' Casebook of Horrors is a collection of short stories written by American authors Joe R. Lansdale and Kasey Lansdale . It chronicles the stories of Dana Roberts , an investigator of paranormal activities . This is one of several times Joe and daughter Kasey have written about their hero . This collection was published by Cutting Block Books as a trade paperback .
Table of contents
Introduction : Dana Roberts , Them Kith and Kin
The Case of the Lighthouse Shambler
The Case of the Stalking Shadow
The Case of the Four Acre Haunt
The Case of the Angry Traveler
Introduction : Jana and Dana
Blind Love
The Case of the Bleeding Wall
The Case of the Ragman 's Anguish
References
External links
Joe R. Lansdale 's Official Website
Kasey Lansdale 's Official Website
Publisher 's Website
Short story collections by Joe R. Lansdale
Works by Joe R. Lansdale
2018 short story collections
Horror short story collections
At the 1900 Summer Olympics , three croquet events were contested . Seven men and three women participated . The doubles competition was scheduled first , though it is unclear whether the French pair that won had any competition . The one-ball singles was played the next week , followed by two-ball singles the week after . France , which supplied all 10 competitors , therefore won all the medals .
This was the only Olympiad where croquet was part of the official programme , though there was the variant called roque at the 1904 Summer Olympics . All events which were restricted to amateurs , open to all nations , open to all competitors , and without handicapping , are now regarded as Olympic events ( except for ballooning ) . Although croquet satisfied three criteria , it had been thought to have an entrant from Belgium , Marcel Haëntjens , ( Haëntjens is a Flemish name ) and thus have been an international competition . Haëntjens is now known to have been from France , as were the other croquet players . Only one paying spectator attended the event .
Medal table
Sources :
Medal summary
Participating nations
A total of 10 players from 1 nation competed at the Paris Games :
See also
List of Olympic venues in discontinued events
Roque at the 1904 Summer Olympics
References
De Wael , Herman . Herman 's Full Olympians : `` Croquet 1900 '' . Accessed 10 January 2006 . Available electronically at .
Mallon , Bill . `` The First Two Women Olympians '' in Citius , Altius , Fortius , Autumn 1995 , No . 3 , p. 38 . Available in pdf format from the AAFLA .
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900 in croquet
Croquet at the Summer Olympics
Croquet competitions in France
Discontinued sports at the Summer Olympics
Italy competed at the 2019 Military World Games held in Wuhan , China from 18 to 27 October 2019 .
Medal summary
Medal by sports
Medalists
References
2019 Military World Games Results
Nations at the 2019 Military World Games
Military
Dağkara is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 91 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Shankland is a surname . Notable people with the surname are :
Alfred Shankland ( 1877–1952 ) , Dean of Barbados from 1917 to 1938
Andy Shankland ( born 1964 ) , English football ( soccer ) player
Bill Shankland ( 1907–1998 ) , Australian rugby league footballer and golfer
Graeme Shankland , ( 1917-84 ) , English town planner
Katrina Shankland ( born 1987 ) , American community organizer and politician
Lawrence Shankland ( born 1995 ) , Scottish football ( soccer ) player
Leith Shankland ( born 1991 ) , South African swimmer
Mark Shankland , Scottish football ( soccer ) player
Robert Shankland ( 1887–1968 ) , Canadian Victoria Cross recipient
Robert S. Shankland ( 1908–1982 ) , American physicist and historian
Sam Shankland ( born 1991 ) , American chess grandmaster
Warren Shankland , South African cricketer
William Shankland Andrews ( 1858–1936 ) , American lawyer
Surnames
English-language surnames
Surnames of British Isles origin
Surnames of English origin
Surnames of Scottish origin
Surnames of Welsh origin
The 2020 FBD Insurance League , also called the FBD Insurance Connacht GAA Senior Football Competition , is an inter-county Gaelic football competition in the province of Connacht . All five Connacht county teams participated , but there are no college or university teams .
were the winners .
Competition format
The competition is a straight knockout . Drawn games go to a penalty shoot-out without the playing of extra-time .
Fixtures and results
a penalty shoot-out was used instead of a free-taking contest . Only goals counted .
References
FBD Insurance League
FBD Insurance League
Yule House is a five-story office building situated at 309-311 Little Collins Street , Melbourne , Australia . It was constructed in 1932 from a design by Melbourne-based architecture firm , Oakley and Parkes . The Yule House was one of Melbourne 's first commercial buildings to exhibit the Streamline Moderne style ( a branch of Art Deco ) of architecture and began the style 's rise in popularity throughout the 1930s . The current Yule House stands as a redesigned fireproof replacement of the original , which was destroyed by fire in 1931 . William Yule had been the owner of the land since the early 1900s and it remained part of their estate until 1985 .
Description
William Yule , had been known of Percy Oakley of Oakley and Parkes , and commissioned the firm to redesign the Yule house following the fire . By Parkes ' accounts , the construction was impacted by the weak economic climate at the time . However , the redesign used modern materials in a new and interesting way while achieving fire resistance , as per Yule 's request .
The structural material was reinforced concrete , supporting the Streamline Modern direction of the design . The Collins street façade features light-coloured terracotta faience tiles sourced from an Australian tile company Wunderlich , Ltd. Large protruding horizontal beams banded with three thin recessed strips of green tile define the floor levels and characterise the Streamline Modern Style . Large steel-framed , multi-paned windows sit between each beam ; their thin vertical struts offering relief from the bold horizontality of the façade . The narrow site width made the span of these windows possible and allowed the maximum amount of natural light to penetrate the building ; a desirable feature given the built-up surroundings .
In sans-serif Eric Gill style letter face , ‘ YULE HOUSE , ' is embossed in plate metal above the entrance on the first floor horizontal beam . Both the street number and the construction date are inscribed on the second and top beams respectively . Highly suggestive of the Modern period , the parapet is finished asymmetrically with the right hand column extending beyond the roofline .
The ground floor includes two retail shops with a central entrance tiled in beige terrazzo , with pink skirtings . While one shop front window has since been altered , the original design featured two steel-framed symmetrical curved glass showcases . Terrazzo tiles continue into the building , lining the walls of the entrance , lower staircase , and housing the glass showcases , tenants ' directory , and the original brass-cased fire alarm . Office spaces are situated above the first floor . The small width of the building meant that a continuous column-free vertical span could be achieved providing unobstructed space on each floor .
Key influences
The Yule House was one of Melbourne 's first Commercial Streamline Moderne buildings . Its design exhibited no attempts to revitalise past architectural styles , showing instead indications of early 1900s European stylings . According to some observers , the tight geometric formations of the terracotta tile are said to be indicative of the work of Architect Walter Gropius and the 1920s department stores of Erich Mendelsohn .
Awards
In 2009 the Yule House was nominated by the Art Deco and Modernism Society for the Victorian State Heritage Register . It was subsequently accepted in 2010 .
References
Office buildings in Melbourne
Heritage-listed buildings in Melbourne
Art Deco architecture in Melbourne
1932 establishments in Australia
Mathematical Excursions : Side Trips along Paths Not Generally Traveled in Elementary Courses in Mathematics is a book on popular mathematics . It was written by Helen Abbot Merrill , published in 1933 by the Norwood Press , and reprinted ( posthumously ) by Dover Publications in 1957 .
Topics
The book is devoted to mathematical puzzles and pastimes , gathered from Merrill 's experience as a teacher . It has 15 chapters , most on arithmetic and number theory but with one on geometry .
Its topics include
squared triangular numbers and other sums of powers , Russian peasant multiplication , binary numbers , repeating decimals , magic squares , the irrationality of , mechanical linkages , linear Diophantine equations , the 15 puzzle , perfect numbers , and some unsolved problems in number theory .
Audience and reception
The book is written for a general audience , and is intended to spark the interest of high school students in mathematics .
In general , only high school levels of algebra and geometry are needed to appreciate the book and solve its problems .
It could be used as individual reading , or in mathematics clubs ,
and also for mathematics teachers looking for examples and demonstrations for their classes .
Of the original edition , reviewer David Eugene Smith wrote `` the book ought to be in the hands of all teachers and on the shelves of all high schools and colleges '' . By the time of the 1957 reprint , reviewer Samuel L. Greitzer complained about its obsolete notation , as well as its uneven level of exposition and non-uniform inclusion of solutions to problems , and reviewer Roland Sprague noted that its treatment of perfect numbers was out of date . Nevertheless , Greitzer suggested that it would be appropriate as `` enrichment '' for high-school students .
References
External links
Mathematical Excursions in the Hathitrust Digital Library : Norwood Press edition , ; Dover edition ,
Popular mathematics books
1933 non-fiction books
The 2015 Cavan Senior Football Championship was the 107th edition of Cavan GAA 's premier club Gaelic football tournament for senior graded teams in County Cavan , Ireland . The tournament consists of 17 teams , with the winner going on to represent Cavan in the Ulster Senior Club Football Championship .
Cavan Gaels were the defending champions after they defeated Kingscourt Stars in the previous years final .
This was Cootehill 's return to the senior grade after winning the 2014 Cavan Intermediate Football Championship .
Kingscourt Stars made up for the previous year 's defeat by beating Castlerahan in the final . This was their 11th title overall , and their first since 2010 .
Team Changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2014 championship season .
To S.F.C .
Promoted from 2014 Cavan Intermediate Football Championship
Cootehill - ( Intermediate Champions )
From S.F.C .
Relegated to 2015 Cavan Intermediate Football Championship
Redhills
Back-Door Stage
Preliminary Rounds
Round 1
Round 2A
Round 2B
Round 3
Knock-Out Stages
Quarter Finals
Semi-Finals
Final
Relegation Play-Offs
Preliminary Relegation Play-Off
Relegation Finals
References
External links
Cavan at ClubGAA
Official Cavan GAA Website
Cavan Senior Football Championship
Cavan Senior Football Championship
Halcuriidae is a family of sea anemones belonging to the order Actiniaria .
Genera :
Carlgrenia Stephenson , 1918
Halcurias McMurrich , 1893
References
Actinernoidea
Cnidarian families
Francis Hammel ( 11 December 1950 – 6 January 2021 ) was a French politician .
Biography
An agricultural director and educator , Hammel first became a Deputy in 1997 , succeeding . In 2002 , they lost their seat to Hart , and tried in vain in 2007 to regain the seat . They also served on the municipal council of Abbeville , running with the Union for a Popular Movement . However , they resigned from their position after only a few days .
Francis Hammel died on 6 January 2021 at the age of 70 .
References
1950 births
2021 deaths
Atypichthys is a genus of sea chubs native to inshore waters from Australia to New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands , with currently two recognized species :
Atypichthys latus McCulloch & Waite , 1916 ( eastern footballer )
Atypichthys strigatus ( Günther , 1860 ) ( Australian mado )
References
Microcanthinae
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Marine fish genera
Blessed Guillaume Repin ( 26 August 1709 – 2 January 1794 ) was a French priest and martyr . They were beatified on 19 February 1984 by Pope John Paul II .
Life
Repin was born in Thouarcé , Maine-et-Loire , France on 26 August 1709 . They entered the seminary in Angers at nineteen years of age and was ordained a priest .
During the French Revolution , on June 17 , 1792 , they were arrested and kept at a prison workshop . They were released by The Vendee on 17 June 1793 . They were arrested again on December 24 , 1793 , in Mauges and taken to prison to Chalonnes-sur-Loire . They were sentenced to the guillotine and executed by the order of the Revolutionary Committee of Angers .
Beatification
Repin was beatified on February 19 , 1984 by Pope John Paul II at Saint Peter 's Square , Vatican . Their feast is celebrated on 2 January .
References
People executed by guillotine during the French Revolution
1709 births
1794 deaths
French beatified people
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Margaret de Bohun may refer to :
Margaret of Hereford ( 1122/1123–1197 ) , English noblewoman , the eldest daughter of Miles de Gloucester , 1st Earl of Hereford , wife of Humphrey II de Bohun
Margaret de Bohun , Countess of Devon ( 1311–1391 ) , English noblewoman , granddaughter of King Edward I and Eleanor of Castile , wife of Hugh Courtenay , 10th Earl of Devon
István Boldog ( born 10 November 1966 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Mezőtúr ( Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County Constituency VI ) from 2010 to 2014 , and for Törökszentmiklós ( Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County Constituency IV ) from 2014 to 2022 . They also served as Mayor of Kétpó between 1994 and 2014 .
Biography
Boldog finished their secondary studies at the Dózsa György Secondary School of Agricultural Engineering in Mezőtúr in 1985 . After graduating , they started working as a track-watchman at the Pusztapó railway station .
They joined the Szolnok branch of Fidesz in 1989 . They became a founding member of the party 's local branch in Kétpó in 1990 . They were a member of the local representative body of Kétpó from 1992 to 1994 . They were elected mayor of the settlement during the 1994 local elections . They were re-elected in 1998 , 2002 , 2006 and 2010 . They were also an external member of the Settlement Development Committee of the Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County Assembly from 1998 to 2002 . They were a member of the Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County Assembly between 2006 and 2010 . Boldog was elected president of the village section of Fidesz in 2007 .
Boldog was elected a Member of Parliament for Mezőtúr ( Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County Constituency VI ) in the 2010 Hungarian parliamentary election . They were elected MP for Törökszentmiklós in the 2014 and 2018 parliamentary elections . They were a member of the Committee on Consumer Protection from 14 May 2010 to 5 May 2014 , and Committee on Budgets from 6 May 2014 to 1 May 2022 . They were also vice-chairperson of that committee since November 2018 .
During their parliamentary activity , Boldog made far-right and anti-LGBT rhetoric several times . They also supported reintroduction of capital punishment in Hungary .
After a high-profile corruption scandal ( see below ) , Boldog decided not to run in the 2022 Hungarian parliamentary election .
Corruption charge
In October 2019 , the suspicion arose that Boldog had abused their office since 2017 . According to the opposition MP Ákos Hadházy who revealed the case , Boldog enlisted the mayors of the settlements located in their constituency in 2017 and informed them that only those could receive EU development aid by making improvements , who entrust the companies designated by him . Boldog and their accomplices were suspected of building a top-down system in which they could use their power to influence settlements and the outcome of tenders . They could influence which settlements should apply for the subsidies of less than HUF 300 million within the framework of the Regional and Settlement Development Operational Program ( TOP ) grants , and which companies should be entrusted with the work by the settlements .
At the end of 2019 , several people were arrested in the case , including Petra Fehér , Boldog 's colleague . On the initiative of the Attorney General Péter Polt , the Parliament voted to suspend the parliamentary immunity of István Boldog on 6 April 2020 . On 14 May 2020 , the prosecutor 's office interrogated István Boldog as a suspect due to a well-founded suspicion of a number of crimes ( two conspiracies for inciting an official offense ; two conspiracies for inciting a conspiracy offense and two conspirators for inciting an offense in a public procurement procedure ) and conducted a house search of their house .
Personal life
They are married . Their wife is Magdolna Erzsébet Boldogné Tóth . They have two sons , István and Vajk Nimród .
References
1966 births
Living people
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary ( 2010–2014 )
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary ( 2014–2018 )
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary ( 2018–2022 )
Mayors of places in Hungary
People from Törökszentmiklós
Dorcadion profanifuga is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Plavilstshikov in 1951 . It is known from Kazakhstan .
See also
Dorcadion
References
profanifuga
Beetles described in 1951
The Dale and Ethan Allen Streets Historic District of Worcester , Massachusetts encompasses a collection of apartment houses . Located along Dale , Ethan Allen , and Allendale Streets southwest of downtown Worcester , these buildings were built between 1910 and 1930 , and are a stylistically diverse collection , including examples of Classical Revival , Colonial Revival , Tudor Revival , and Craftsman architecture . The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2019 .
Description and history
The historic district is located southwest of downtown Worcester , and includes nine buildings located on Dale , Ethan Allen , and Allendale Streets , residential side streets located between Chandler and Main Streets . Three occupy most of the east side of Dale Street , with one on the west side . The other buildings line the northern block of Ethan Allen Street , with the two streets joined by Allendale Street . All are masonry structures , with most three stories in height .
This area was originally the estate of gunmaker Ethan Allen , and it was subdivided by their heirs for development . The central portion of the estate , where their Greek Revival mansion had been located and these streets now run , was not developed until after the mansion was torn down , probably in the 1910s . Isadore Katz , a prominent real estate developer of the period , was responsible for two of the buildings on Dale Street , virtually identical buildings designed by Edwin T. Chapin . Morris Grossman , a Jewish immigrant , built the third building on the east side of Dale , with Chapin also credited with its design .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in southwestern Worcester , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worcester County , Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Worcester , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Worcester , Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
The 47th Annual Daytime Creative Arts Emmy Awards , were presented by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences ( NATAS ) , honoring the best in U.S. daytime television programming in 2019 . The winners for the creative arts categories were announced on June 26 , 2020 via the Twitter , Facebook and Instagram accounts of the Daytime Emmys after the broadcast of the main ceremony . The winners for the digital drama categories were announced on July 19 , 2020 . The winners for the Children 's , Lifestyle and Animation Awards were announced on July 26 , 2020 , in a live-stream on the Emmys platform , hosted by American comedian Loni Love .
The nominations for both the creative arts and the children 's , lifestyle and animation categories were announced alongside the main ceremony categories on May 21 , 2020 .
Winners and nominees
The winners are listed first , in boldface .
Programming
Performance and Hosting
Animation
Art Direction
Casting
Cinematography
Costume Design
Directing
Editing
Hairstyling
Lighting Direction
Main Title Design
Makeup
Music
Technical Direction
Sound
Special Effects
Writing
Notes
References
External links
Daytime Emmys website
047 Creative Arts
2020 television awards
2020 in American television
Mark Schofield ( born 31 March 1974 ) is a British former professional tennis player .
A native of Blackburn , Schofield was an eight-time Lancashire singles champion and played one year on tour as a professional player . They featured in the doubles main draw at Queen 's in 1991 and in qualifying at Wimbledon in 1992 .
Schofield left the international circuit in 1993 to concentrate on coaching .
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
British male tennis players
English male tennis players
Sportspeople from Blackburn
Tennis people from Lancashire
`` Walkaway Lover '' is the third single performed by Australian actor/singer Toni Pearen released in October 1994 , from their debut album Intimate .
Toni Pearen 's first two singles `` In Your Room '' and `` I Want You '' both peaked at number ten on the Australian singles chart and were each certified gold . `` Walkaway Lover '' debuted at number 50 week ending 23 October and eventually peaked at number 35 week ending 11 November 1994 , spending a total of twelve weeks in the top 50 , and sixteen weeks in the top 100 . The single was issued to coincide with the much anticipated release of the album Intimate . Some could cite that the single 's underperformance was because it was released more than one year after the successful second single `` I Want You '' . This could also be seen as a reason the album itself also did not chart well .
The song is a cover of an album track by British singer Sonia .
Track listing
CD and cassette single
`` Walkaway Lover '' — 4:19
`` Crazy For Your Love '' — ? : ? ?
Charts
References
1994 singles
Toni Pearen songs
1994 songs
Mushroom Records singles
Kristoffer Wikner ( born January 20 , 1993 ) is a Swedish ice hockey player . They made their Elitserien debut playing with Frölunda HC during the 2011–12 Elitserien season .
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Swedish ice hockey forwards
Frölunda HC players
The Estadio Olimpico Metropolitano de Mérida or Estadio Metropolitano is a soccer stadium located in the city of Mérida in Venezuela .
It was built to be one venue of the 2007 Copa América and it would also serve as one of the venues for the National Games of Venezuela Andes 2005 . The stadium is part of a major sports complex , called Cinco Águilas Blancas located in the south of the city , in a zone called Urbanizacion Hacienda .
History
Its construction started in 2005 when it was decided that Mérida was going to be a subvenue for the National Venezuelan Games in that same year and for the Copa America 2007 . 165 days later after construction started , the stadium was opened momentarily on December 7 , 2005 for the opening of the National Games with only one seating area built , out of 4 and 2 more minor seating areas , giving the event a capacity for 16,000 people .
After the National Games finished , the stadium was temporarily closed for an inspection , then after building a big part of the stadium in so little time , the government of Mérida gave 30,000,000 bolivares to the contractors of the stadium . The government starts in January 2006 an audit to determine the costs of the stadium for the government determining that the initial cost ( 150,000,000 bolivares ) was not enough and that it had to be raised to 230,000,000 bolivares ( US $ 107,274,982 ) to finish the stadium and to be able in participate in the Copa America 2007 .
Description
This is the fourth largest stadium in Venezuela behind the Estadio Monumental of Maturín ( 52,000 persons ) , José Pachencho Romero of Maracaibo ( 46,000 persons ) and the Polideportivo Cachamay in Puerto Ordaz ( 42,500 persons ) with a capacity of 42,200 , distributed in 4 stands of 50,000 m² .
2007 Copa América
The stadium was one of the venues for the Copa America 2007 , hosting three matches from Group A of said competition .
References
External links
StadiumDB.com images
Metropolitano
Copa América stadiums
Estudiantes de Mérida
Buildings and structures in Mérida ( state )
2007 establishments in Venezuela
Athletics ( track and field ) venues in Venezuela
Borselan ( , also Romanized as Borselān ; also known as Borselān-e ‘ Olyā ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 391 , in 110 families .
References
Populated places in Quchan County
The 2018 Skate America was the first event of six in the 2018–19 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating , a senior-level international invitational competition series . It was held at Angel of the Winds Arena in Everett , Washington on October 19–21 . Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men 's singles , ladies ' singles , pair skating , and ice dancing . Skaters earned points toward qualifying for the 2018–19 Grand Prix Final .
Entries
The ISU published the preliminary assignments on June 29 , 2018 .
Changes to preliminary assignments
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
External links
2018 Skate America at the International Skating Union
Skate America
Skate America
Skate America
is a Japanese motorcycle racer .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
( key )
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Japanese motorcycle racers
Living people
1984 births
250cc World Championship riders
This Night may refer to :
This Night ( album ) , a 2002 album by Destroyer
`` This Night '' ( Booty Luv song ) ( 2012 )
`` This Night '' ( Billy Joel song ) ( 1984 )
`` This Night '' ( Jun song ) , a 2009 song featured in Dance Dance Revolution The Hottest Party 3
`` This Night '' , a 2007 song by Black Lab from Passion Leaves a Trace
Air Asia or AirAsia may refer to :
AirAsia , a Malaysian low-cost airline
AirAsia China
AirAsia X
AirAsia India
Indonesia AirAsia
Indonesia AirAsia X
Philippines AirAsia
AirAsia Vietnam
AirAsia Zest
Thai AirAsia
Thai AirAsia X
AirAsia Japan
Air Asia ( Taiwan ) , a Taiwanese aircraft service company
See also
Asiana Airlines , a South Korean full-service airline
Asia Airways , a Tajik airline
Indonesia AirAsia Flight 8501
Petaling Jaya Rangers F.C. , a Malaysian football club , formerly known as AirAsia F.C .
Abdel Mohsin Al-Qattan ( 5 November 1929 - 4 December 2017 ) was a Palestinian business person and politician .
Al-Qattan was born on 5 November 1929 in Jaffa . They were educated at Ayyubid School in Jaffa , followed by An-Nahda College in Jerusalem . In 1947 , they enrolled at the American University of Beirut and earned a degree in business studies .
In 1993 , they founded the A. M. Qattan Foundation , a not-for-profit developmental organisation based in Ramallah . The chairperson is their son Omar Al-Qattan .
In June 2018 , the Foundation opened a $ 21 million headquarters building and arts centre in Ramallah .
References
1929 births
2017 deaths
Palestinian businesspeople
American University of Beirut alumni
`` Merrymaking at My Place '' is a song by Scottish musician Calvin Harris . It was released as the third single from Harris ' debut studio album , I Created Disco ( 2007 ) , on 20 August 2007 . The radio edit which appears on the single has an altered chorus and several altered verses in order to remove all apparent drug references from the song . Despite some airplay and video play , the single failed to reach the top 40 on the UK Singles Chart , making it to number 43 on full release .
Music video
The music video , directed by Kinga Burza features Calvin and their friends enjoying themselves to the song , in what appears to be Calvin 's grandmother 's house . The location is assumed when Calvin talks to their grandmother on the telephone , just moments before their friends arrive . At the end of the video , Calvin 's grandmother arrives home to find the house in a mess and has a heart attack .
Track listing
Charts
References
2007 singles
Calvin Harris songs
Songs written by Calvin Harris
2007 songs
Alessio Morosin ( born 20 June 1955 in Noale ) is an Italian lawyer and politician .
They joined Liga Veneta–Lega Nord in the early 1990s and was elected to the Regional Council of Veneto at the 1995 regional election .
They made their name in Venetist circles for being the author of resolution 42/1998 ( title : `` Yesterday 's and today 's peoples and the right to self-determination '' ) , concerning the `` self-determination '' of the Venetian people . The resolution read : `` The Venetian people [ … ] invokes its right to a democratic and direct referendum for the free expression of its right to self-determination '' . The resolution was approved by a majority vote in the Council on 22 April 1998 .
Their strong Venetism eventually led Morosin to leave Liga Veneta–Lega Nord in October 1998 to join Liga Veneta Repubblica ( LVR ) , along with Fabrizio Comencini and other four regional councillors . In 2000 they missed re-election and was an unsuccessful candidate in many other elections .
In 2004 , when LVR secretary Ettore Beggiato and a majority of party members switched to North-East Project ( PNE ) , Morosin remained loyal to Comencini and was elected party president , a post they held until 2007 . Disillusioned with traditional Venetism , they watched with great interest the birth of the Venetian National Party ( PNV ) in 2008 and finally joined Veneto State ( VS ) at its founding congress in September 2010 . A year later , during a party congress in October 2011 , they ran for party president of VS , but lost to Lucio Chiavegato . In May 2012 Morosin switched to Venetian Independence ( IV ) and was elected honorary president of the new party .
Having become the leader of IV at the beginning of 2014 , they recruited Chiavegato and Fabio Padovan into the party and ran for President of Veneto in the 2015 regional election . In the event , they and the party obtained 2.5 % of the vote , but no seats in the Regional Council .
References
Venetist politicians
1955 births
Living people
Members of the Regional Council of Veneto
20th-century Italian politicians
21st-century Italian politicians
Venetian independence activists
The 1956–57 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 46th since its establishment .
League table
References
1956–57 Hong Kong First Division table ( RSSSF )
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
1956–57 in Hong Kong football
Natchanon Jothavorn ( , born 24 January 1992 ) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Thai League 2 club Nakhon Pathom United . They played for Thai Honda in Thai League 1 in 2017 .
References
Footnotes
General references
http : //player.7mth.com/656916/index.shtml
https : //www.smmsport.com/reader/news/287195
External links
1992 births
Living people
Natchanon Jothavorn
Natchanon Jothavorn
Association football goalkeepers
Natchanon Jothavorn
Natchanon Jothavorn
Natchanon Jothavorn
Natchanon Jothavorn
Natchanon Jothavorn
The 2014–15 VfL Wolfsburg season was the 70th season in the club 's football history . In the previous season , Wolfsburg had finished in the fifth place , with only one point separating them from the UEFA Champions League spot occupied by Bayer Leverkusen . Nevertheless , they were granted a place in the UEFA Europa League group stage .
Current squad
As of 15 September 2014
Players out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Competitions
Bundesliga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
DFB-Pokal
UEFA Europa League
Group stage
Knockout phase
Round of 32
Round of 16
Quarterfinals
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=12 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=12 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=12 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=12 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=12 style=background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
This includes all competitive matches . The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal .
Last updated on 30 May 2015
References
Wolfsburg
VfL Wolfsburg seasons
Wolfsburg , VfL
Carlo Maria Badini ( 2 June 1925 , in Bologna – 19 April 2007 , in Bologna ) was a renowned Italian arts administrator . From 1964 to 1977 they were the Sovrintendente or General Manager of the Teatro Comunale di Bologna and from 1977 through 1990 they were the Sovrintendente of La Scala . Badini created controversy as a result of the unorthodox methods they used to revitalize La Scala 's finances , which had reportedly reached a 2.8 million dollar ( US ) deficit , such as the introduction of television cameras to record performances and allowing advertisements on the programmes . These innovations allowed the opera house to emerge from the deficit within two years of their implementation . Upon their 1990 departure from La Scala , Badini continued work in the Italian artistic community , becoming chairperson of the National Theatre Organization in Italy and co-founding the Mozart Orchestra in Bologna , which they formed alongside former La Scala music director Claudio Abbado .
References
1925 births
2007 deaths
Opera managers
Statistics of Kuwaiti Premier League in the 1967–68 season .
Overview
Al Kuwait Kaifan won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Kuwait Premier League seasons
Kuwait
football
The 2017 Silicon Valley Sevens was a one-time international Rugby sevens competition held in San Jose , California at the Avaya Stadium on November 4th and 5th , 2017 , produced and hosted by United World Sports . The tournament marked both the first such held on American soil outside of the USA Sevens and the first time the Ireland national rugby sevens team competed in the United States .
Competed alongside the international competition was the eight-team Penn Mutual Collegiate Rugby Fall Classic at Silicon Valley 7s . The first three teams announced were from the nearby universities of Stanford , Santa Clara , and USC . The collegiate competition was a double-elimination format and included schools from three different states ( Arizona , California ( 6 ) , and Washington ) .
Format
The teams were drawn into three pools of four teams each . Each team plays every other team in their pool once . The top eight teams from pool play advanced to the Cup bracket . The bottom four teams go to the Bowl bracket .
Teams
Pool stage
All times in Pacific Standard Time ( UTC−08:00 ) . The pools were scheduled as follows :
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Source : Rugby Today
Source : SevensRugby.com
Knockout stage
Bowl
Fifth place
Cup
Source : Rugby Today
Source : Rugby Today
Tournament placings
Source : SevensRugby.com
Players
Scoring leaders
Source : SevensRugby.com
Dream Team
The following seven players were selected to the tournament Dream Team at the conclusion of the tournament :
Penn Mutual Silicon Valley 7s Fall Collegiate Classic
Format
The tournament was conducted under a double-elimination format . The winners of each first-round contest would continue in the winners ' bracket and face the other winners from the first round . The two sides having won both their first and second matches advanced immediately to semifinal # 1 . The two sides having lost both their first and second matches were eliminated . And the four remaining sides to have posted 1–1 records through the first day of play advanced to compete in one of the two losers ' bracket matchups on day 2 . The winners of each of those losers ' bracket contests competed against each other , with the winner advancing to play the loser of semifinal # 1 in semifinal # 2 . The winner of semifinal # 2 advanced to a winner-take-all final against the thus far undefeated winner of semifinal # 1 .
Source : Rugby Today
Teams
Source : Rugby Today
Competition
All times in Pacific Standard Time ( UTC−08:00 ) .
Round 1
Losers ' Bracket Round 2
Winners ' Bracket Round 2
Losers ' Bracket Round 3
Winners ' Bracket Semifinal
Losers ' Bracket Round 4
Losers ' Bracket Semifinal
Final
Source : Rugby Today
Source : Flo Rugby
Tournament placings
References
External links
Tournament page
Silicon Valley Sevens
Silicon Valley Sevens
Silicon Valley Sevens
Silicon Valley Sevens
The Divine Comedy ( A Divina Comédia ) is a 1991 Portuguese drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira . It was screened in competition at the 1991 Venice Film Festival , in which it won the Special Jury Prize .
Cast
Maria de Medeiros as Sónia
Miguel Guilherme as Raskolnikov
Luís Miguel Cintra as Prophet
Mário Viegas as Philosopher
Leonor Silveira as Eva
Diogo Dória as Ivan
Paulo Matos as Jesus
References
External links
1991 films
French drama films
1990s Portuguese-language films
1991 drama films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Films produced by Paulo Branco
Venice Grand Jury Prize winners
Portuguese drama films
1990s French films
Humphrey Pearson ( November 30 , 1893 – February 24 , 1937 ) was an American screenwriter and playwright of the 1930s . During their brief career , they penned a Broadway play and 22 screenplays . Their promising career was cut short when they were found shot to death , under mysterious circumstances in their home , in early 1937 .
Life and career
Pearson was born on November 30 , 1893 in Columbus , Ohio . They would break into the film industry in 1929 , writing the dialogue and titles to Mervyn LeRoy 's Hot Stuff , which was one of the few films Hollywood produced which was a silent film with sound sequences . Pearson 's play , Shoestring , would serve as the basis for Robert Lord 's screenplay On With the Show ! , which in 1929 became the first color sound film .
In the next two years Pearson would pen another seven screenplays , including Bride of the Regiment , starring Vivienne Segal and Allan Prior , and featuring Walter Pidgeon and Myrna Loy ; Michael Curtiz ' Bright Lights ( 1930 ) ; Going Wild , starring Joe E. Brown , and Walter Pidgeon ; and another Mervyn Leroy film , Top Speed , again starring Joe E. Brown . 1930 would also see Pearson 's play , They Never Grow Up , be produced . It would be the only play written by Pearson produced on Broadway , having a short run at the Theatre Masque , lasting for 24 performances . Its cast included Florence Auer , and Otto Kruger .
Between 1931 and 1936 Pearson would be responsible for another fourteen screenplays . These would include Consolation Marriage , with Irene Dunne and Pat O'Brien ; George Archainbaud 's The Lost Squadron , starring Richard Dix , Mary Astor , Robert Armstrong , Joel McCrea , and Erich von Stroheim ; Westward Passage , starring Ann Harding , Laurence Olivier , and ZaSu Pitts ; Face in the Sky , starring Spencer Tracy ; 1935 's Ruggles of Red Gap , which stars Charles Laughton , Mary Boland , Charlie Ruggles , ZaSu Pitts , Roland Young , and Leila Hyams , which The Film Daily rated one of the ten best films of 1935 ; and Red Salute , starring Barbara Stanwyck .
Pearson 's last screenplay was 1936 's Palm Springs . In February 1937 , after a night of drinking , Pearson was killed by a gunshot wound to the chest at their home in Palm Springs , California . Their death occurred under mysterious circumstances . Initially , it was not clear whether the death was a suicide or at the hand of their wife , Rive King Pearson , but eventually the Palm Springs chief of police ruled it accidental .
References
1893 births
1937 deaths
Burials at Hollywood Forever Cemetery
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park ( Glendale )
American male screenwriters
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
American male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Ross H. McKenzie is a Professor in Physics at the University of Queensland . From 2008 to 2012 they held an Australian Professorial Fellowship from the Australian Research Council .
Works
McKenzie works on quantum many-body theory of complex materials ranging from organic superconductors to biomolecules to rare-earth oxide catalysts . They are critical of claims that quantum effects are significant in understanding the function of biomolecules . They are authored of a blog , `` Condensed Concepts : Ruminations on emergent phenomena in condensed phases of matter '' .
McKenzie is a Christian . They are author of a blog `` Soli Deo Gloria : Thoughts on Theology , Science , and Culture '' . They have written several papers about the relationship between science and theology .
Education
They received their BSc from Australian National University . They obtained an MA from Princeton University . They completed their PhD at Princeton University in 1989 , under Jim Sauls , with a thesis entitled : Nonlinear interaction of zero sound with the order parameter collective modes in superfluid 3He-B .
References
External links
UQ researcher page
Condensed concepts blog
Soli deo gloria blog
McKenzie 's testimony of Jesus
Living people
Princeton University alumni
Australian National University alumni
Australian physicists
Quantum physicists
1960 births
Christian apologists
Rare earth scientists
Dances of Death ( and Other Walking Shadows ) is the fourth album from progressive thrash metal band Mekong Delta , released in 1990 .
Track listing
`` Dances of Death '' – 19:11
Introduction – 1:11 ( 0:00–1:11 )
Eruption – 1:34 ( 1:11–2:45 )
Beyond the Gates – 4:53 ( 2:45–7:38 )
Outburst – 1:19 ( 7:38–8:57 )
Days of Betrayal – 4:14 ( 8:57–13:11 )
Restless – 00:53 ( 13:11–14:04 )
Sanctuary – 3:01 ( 14:04–17:05 )
Finale – 2:06 ( 17:05–19:11 )
`` Transgressor '' – 3:18
`` True Believers '' – 5:25
`` Night on a Bare Mountain '' – 10:24
Remastered CD edition bonus track
`` The Gnome '' – 2:54
Band line-up
Doug Lee – vocals
Uwe Baltrusch – guitars
Ralph Hubert – bass guitar
Jörg Michael – drums
Additional credits
Joachim Luetke – Cover art
Notes
`` Night on a Bare Mountain '' was originally written by the Russian composer Modest Mussorgsky .
`` The Gnome '' is the 1st movement of Mussorgsky 's suite Pictures at an Exhibition .
1990 albums
Mekong Delta ( band ) albums
Nathuram Mirdha ( 1921–1996 ) was a parliamentarian , freedom fighter , social reformer and popular farmer leader of Marwar region in Rajasthan , India . They were born in Kuchera , Nagaur district , Rajasthan on 20 October 1921 . Their father 's name was Thana Ram Mirdha .
Education
Nathuram Mirdha passed their matriculation from Darbar High School Jodhpur with first division with suplimentry . They earned an M.A . ( Economics ) and completed an LLB degree in 1944 from Lucknow University .
Rise as farmer leader
Nathuram Mirdha organised a massive farmer gathering at Jodhpur under the Chairmanship of Chhotu Ram . They joined the Institution of farmers `` Kisan Sabha '' founded by Baldev Ram Mirdha as Secretary in 1946 . They were made the Revenue minister in the Jodhpur state . Nathuram Mirdha had an intimate association with Justice Kan Singh Parihar .
Freedom fighter and political leader
On 15 August 1947 , with the independence of India , a popular Ministry was installed in Jodhpur . Recognising the importance of the Kisan Sabha , Mirda , as its general secretary , was included in the Ministry . They won their first assembly election in 1952 from Merta City constituency with a huge majority . They were a Member of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from 1952 to 1967 and 1984 to 1989 and held several important portfolios in the Government of Rajasthan . They are known for strengthening agriculture and cooperative sectors in Rajasthan . Commencing from 1972 , they were returned to the Lok Sabha six times . They served in the Union Council of Ministers in 1979-80 and 1989–90 . They served also as the Chairman of the National Agricultural Prices Commission .
Chairman of National Agricultural Prices Commission
As Chairman of National Agricultural Prices Commission , they implemented a number of schemes in the interest of farmers .
They were Chairman of Maharaja Suraj Mal Institute , New Delhi for ten years .
Family
They were married to Kesar Devi in 1936 and they had two sons and two daughters .
Their younger son Bhanu Prakash Mirdha was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1996 . – Senior Farmer 's Leader Rajasthan
Richpal Singh Mirdha , Nephew of Nathuram Mirdha – Congress leader Rajasthan
Jyoti Mirdha- Granddaughter of Nathuram Mirdha- Young Congress leader and they were MP from Nagaur in 15th Loksabha
Nathuram Mirdha died on 30 August 1996 in New Delhi , aged 75 .
References
Indian independence activists from Rajasthan
1921 births
1996 deaths
People from Nagaur district
University of Lucknow alumni
India MPs 1977–1979
India MPs 1971–1977
India MPs 1980–1984
India MPs 1989–1991
India MPs 1991–1996
India MPs 1996–1997
Lok Sabha members from Rajasthan
Indian social reformers
Nathuram
Indian National Congress politicians
Janata Dal politicians
Indian National Congress ( U ) politicians
Stephen Jin-Woo Kim is a former State Department contractor who pleaded guilty to a felony count of disclosing classified information to Fox News reporter James Rosen . Prosecutors charged that Kim 's actions indirectly alerted North Korea to what U.S. intelligence officials `` knew or did not know about its military capabilities and preparedness . ''
Early life
They were born on August 15 , 1967 , in Seoul , South Korea . Their family moved to New York in 1976 . They attended Fordham Preparatory School , a Jesuit school . For college they went to the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service ( 1989 ) . They tried out Wall Street but found the work did not suit him . Following that , they attended Harvard for a master 's degree in national security ( 1992 ) , and then Yale for a Ph.D. in diplomatic and military history ( 1999 ) . They authored a book based on their dissertation . They have also extensively studied philosophy and literature .
Employment
After graduation , they went to work at the Center for Naval Analyses , where they analyzed US operations in Kosovo , Afghanistan , and Iraq . After the September 11 attacks , they moved to the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory where they focused on North Korea . They briefed the Defense Policy Board on their work as well as Henry Kissinger , Stephen Hadley , and Dick Cheney . They also worked at the Office of Net Assessment under the Secretary of Defense , analyzing Chinese nuclear issues .
In 2008 , they went to work as a contractor at the State Department at the Bureau of Arms Control , Verification and Compliance . There , they were Senior Advisor for Intelligence to the Assistant Secretary of State for Verification , Compliance , and Implementation . They studied North Korea 's nuclear program , especially its claims of dismantling its equipment . They also participated in nuclear war games at the Naval War College .
Incident with Rosen
In June 2009 , Kim allegedly had a conversation with Rosen about North Korea planning a nuclear bomb test .
Indictment
In August 2010 , Kim was indicted by a grand jury on two charges :
Unauthorized disclosure of national defense information in violation of ( the Espionage Act )
Making false statements in violation of
The government alleges that Kim 's conversation with Rosen contained information related to the `` national defense '' ( 793 ( d ) does not use the word `` classified '' ) . The alleged false statements to the FBI occurred in September 2009 , regarding whether or not Kim had any contact with Rosen ( whom they allegedly met around March 2009 ) .
Kim initially pleaded not guilty . Rosen and Fox were not named in the indictment ( which listed them as a `` reporter '' and a `` news organization '' ) , but news reports identified the parties .
Kim was defended by prominent attorneys Abbe Lowell of Chadbourne & Parke and Paul M. Thompson and James M. Commons of McDermott Will & Emery . One of Lowell 's arguments was that Bob Woodward 's book Obama 's Wars contains far more sensitive information than the information Kim is accused of leaking , which created a double standard in leak prosecution . Lowell also said that the DOJ is `` stretch [ ing ] the espionage laws '' and having a chilling effect on government officials communicating with the press . They also said that Kim would never do anything `` for which they had any reason to believe would harm [ US interests ] . ''
Guilty plea
On February 7 , 2014 , Kim entered a guilty plea to a single felony count of disclosing classified national defense information to an unauthorized person , Rosen . Their lawyer , Lowell , admitted that their client `` made a decision to cross a line '' and that they `` should have known better . '' Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Harvey added that Kim `` was motivated not by an altruistic purpose but by their own ego and desire for professional advancement . '' Before sentencing , US District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly said Kim `` did lose their moral compass . '' Kim was sentenced to a 13-month prison term .
See also
Thomas Andrews Drake ( NSA whistleblower charged under the Espionage Act , 2010 )
Jeffrey Alexander Sterling ( ex-CIA convicted under Espionage Act for revealing classified information to a reporter , 2010 )
References
External links
stephenkim.org , legal defense trust website .
Court filings via Federation of American Scientists
1967 births
American whistleblowers
South Korean emigrants to the United States
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
Harvard University alumni
Living people
People convicted under the Espionage Act of 1917
Yale University alumni
Erwin Wegner ( 5 April 1909 – 16 February 1945 ) was a German athlete , born in Stettin . Wegner won the silver medal at the 1934 European Championships in the 110 metres hurdles and competed in the Olympic Games as both a hurdler and a decathlete .
Career
At the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles Wegner competed in the 110 m hurdles and the decathlon . In the hurdles they placed third in their heat in 15.1 and qualified for the semi-finals , where they failed to finish . In the decathlon they placed ninth , winning the hurdles in 15.4 ahead of another specialist , Bob Tisdall .
At the 1934 European Championships in Turin Wegner won the silver medal in the hurdles in 14.9 , losing only to Hungary 's József Kovács . Wegner defeated Kovács at the International University Games in Budapest the following year , winning the gold in 14.7 .
Wegner returned to the Olympics in 1936 , this time only competing in the 110 m hurdles and again going out in the semi-finals . Their personal best in the 110 m hurdles was 14.5 , which they ran in 1935 . They were also good in the 400 m hurdles , winning silver behind Kovács in that event at the 1935 International University Games .
An SS officer , Wegner was killed in action in the last months of World War II in France .
References
External links
Profile
1909 births
1945 deaths
Sportspeople from Szczecin
German male hurdlers
German decathletes
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Germany
European Athletics Championships medalists
German military personnel killed in World War II
SS-Obersturmbannführer
The Secretary-General of the Western European Union was the head of the Western European Union ( WEU ) , a Cold War era European defence and collective security organisation , which was dissolved in 2011 .
In 1999 , it was agreed that the holder of the newly-created post of High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy of the European Union should also be the Secretary-General of the WEU . This was then Javier Solana ; however , following a reconfiguration of the High Representative post , Solana 's successor Catherine Ashton was never appointed Secretary-General , and an acting secretary-general fulfilled the role until the WEU 's dissolution in 2011 .
List of Secretaries General
References
European Union-related lists
Deep Space Expedition Alpha ( DSE-Alpha ) , is the name given to the mission proposed in 2005 to take the first space tourists to fly around the Moon . The mission is organized by Space Adventures Ltd. , a commercial spaceflight company . The plans involve a modified Soyuz capsule docking with a booster rocket in Earth orbit which then sends the spacecraft on a free return circumlunar trajectory that circles around the Moon once . While the price was originally announced in August 2005 to cost US $ 100 million per seat , Space Adventures founder Eric Anderson announced in January 2011 that one of the two available seats had been sold for $ 150 million .
Concept
The use of the Soyuz spacecraft makes sense in many ways ; the original Soyuz design of 1962 was specifically intended for circumlunar travel . In the late 1960s a stripped down Soyuz variant , under the name Zond , made several attempts at circumlunar flight , with eventual success .
The DSE proposal is to launch the Soyuz with one crew member and two passengers aboard ; a Zenit rocket booster will then be launched carrying a rocket stage weighing up to 14.5t , to dock with the Soyuz and propel it to circumlunar velocity . Two different flight profiles were originally proposed by Space Adventures . The direct-staged profile , lasting about 8–9 days , would involve docking to the booster stage intended to propel the craft and direct departure for the Moon . A proposed timeline for such a flight plan is as follows :
Day 1 : Launch of Soyuz spacecraft into low Earth orbit
Day 2 : Launch of Block DM upper stage on rocket booster
Day 3 : Rendezvous and docking of Soyuz with booster , trans-lunar injection burn after checkout of systems
Days 4-5 : Coast to the Moon on circumlunar trajectory
Day 6 : Closest approach as the Soyuz loops around the far side of the Moon
Days 7-8 : Coast back to Earth
Day 9 : Atmospheric reentry and landing
The other profile , lasting about 9–21 days , would incorporate a several day visit to the International Space Station into the flight plan before rendezvousing with the booster stage and departing for the Moon .
The Soyuz spacecraft used for the mission would be modified from the orbital Soyuz , with a thicker and more durable heat shield and a Yamal satellite communications system . The Block DM booster would use an automatic docking system for the rendezvous with the Soyuz in low Earth orbit .
On June 28 , 2007 Space.com reported that two individuals had displayed interest in purchasing seats with contract negotiations expected to be concluded by the end of the year . In January 2011 , Space Adventures founder Eric Anderson announced that one of the two seats on the flight had been sold at a price of US $ 150 million , and negotiations for the second seat were under way .
In 2011 , Space Adventures projected the first mission could occur by 2015 . By 2014 this had slipped to 2018 , and the company 's website subsequently changed to indicate they expected their first mission to launch before the end of the decade then changed again to remove any suggested timeline .
Criticism
Mark Wade , author of the Encyclopedia Astronautica , has argued that the Zenit rocket is not powerful enough for this mission and that the larger Proton rocket will in fact be needed . These same calculations have also shown that a fully fueled and outfitted Block DM would be beyond the capabilities of the Zenit rocket , and the DM would have to fire for a short time in order to stabilize its orbit .
See also
Space tourism
Space Adventures
List of current and future lunar missions
References
External links
Encyclopedia Astronautica : DSE-Alpha
Commercial spaceflight
Human spaceflight programs
Space Adventures
Space tourism
Missions to the Moon
Proposed space probes
The 2015 NEAFL season was the fifth season of the North East Australian Football League ( NEAFL ) . The season began on Saturday , 11 April and concluded on Saturday , 19 September with the NEAFL Grand Final . were the premiers , defeating by one point in the Grand Final .
League structure
The structure of the league follows on from 2014 with a single conference involving the three eastern states/territories ( Australian Capital Territory , Queensland , and New South Wales ) and the Northern Territory . Three clubs decided not to renew their licenses due to financial complications , including Canberra-based clubs , Belconnen and Queanbeyan , and Sydney-based club , Sydney Hills .
Participating clubs
Premiership season
All starting times are local .
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Round 9
Round 10
Round 11
Round 12
Round 13
Round 14
Round 15
Round 16
Round 17
Round 18
Round 19
Round 20
Round 21
Win/Loss table
Bold – Home game
X – Bye
Opponent for round listed above margin
This table can be sorted by margin
Ladder
Ladder progression
Numbers highlighted in green indicates the team finished the round inside the top 6 .
Numbers highlighted in blue indicates the team finished in first place on the ladder in that round .
Numbers highlighted in red indicates the team finished in last place on the ladder in that round .
Underlined numbers indicates the team had a bye during that round .
Finals series
Elimination finals
Preliminary finals
Grand Final
Representative match
The NEAFL representative team played against the Tasmanian State League representative team in the league 's sole state match for the year . The match was played on 7 June in Burpengary and the victory was the first time a NEAFL representative side had won since the competition unified in 2014 .
Squad
The 2015 NEAFL representative squad consisted of players from all NEAFL clubs excluding AFL reserves teams ( , , , ) . The team contained seven former AFL-listed players , led by two-time premiership winner with and 200-gamer , Josh Hunt . The side also included young talent in the NEAFL with the inclusion of three 2015 AFL draftees , Josh Smith , Matt Uebergang , and Josh Wagner . The team was coached by AFL Queensland Hall of Famer and former AFL footballer , John Blair . captain , Tim Barton , was named as best on ground .
Awards
The League MVP was awarded to Tom Young of , who received 86 votes .
The NEAFL Rising Star was awarded to Maxwell Kouvaras of > ( ) < / polled most possessions in debut year .
The NEAFL leading goalkicker was awarded to Darren Ewing of , who kicked 78 goals during the regular season .
The NEAFL goal of the year was awarded to Will Hoskin-Elliott of , for their goal during round 14 .
The NEAFL mark of the year was awarded to Jarrod Garlett of , for their mark during round 18 .
Team of the Year
Rising Star nominations
The NEAFL Rising Star was awarded to the most promising young talent in the NEAFL competition . Players were nominated each week and must have been under the age of 21 and have played less than 20 NEAFL games .
1.No-one nominated due to it being the representative match round .
Best and fairest winners
AFL draftees
N – national draft
R – rookie draft
References
External links
http : //www.neafl.com.au/ Official NEAFL website
Australian rules football competition seasons
NEAFL
Chester Louis Mize ( December 25 , 1917 – January 11 , 1994 ) was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas .
Mize was a native of Atchison , Kansas , and attended the University of Kansas School of Business . They served in the United States Navy during World War II , and received the Bronze Star Medal with Combat V .
After the war , Mize was involved in their family 's wholesale hardware business , and was an officer of several other corporations , in addition to owning and operating a farm and a cattle ranch . Mize also served on the Atchison school board , and was active in several other civic organizations , including the board of trustees of Mount St. Scholastica College .
In 1964 , Mize was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives . They served three terms , 1965 to 1971 , and was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1970 . After leaving Congress , Mize served as chairperson of the United States Tariff Commission in 1971 . In retirement , they resided in Naples , Florida before moving to La Jolla , California . They died in La Jolla on January 11 , 1994 , and was buried in Atchison .
Early life
Mize was born in Atchison , Kansas on December 25 , 1917 . They attended the public schools of Atchison , and graduated from Atchison High School . They then studied at the University of Kansas School of Business from 1935 to 1939 .
World War II
They joined the United States Naval Reserve in 1940 , where they served on active duty in the South Pacific Theater from 1941 to 1945 on board the USS Hornet . They were released to inactive service as a lieutenant commander at the end of the war , and was awarded the Bronze Star with Combat V .
Career
After World War II , Mize served in a number of leadership positions in business , including succeeding their father as treasurer of Blish , Mize & Silliman wholesale hardware . They served as vice president of Locomotive Finished Materials Co. from 1951 to 1958 , and as vice president of Valley Co. , Inc. from 1958 to 1964 . They owned and operated a cattle ranch in New Mexico and a farm in Atchison County , Kansas , where they were a member of the Atchison School Board .
Mize served as chairperson of the board of trustees of Mount St. Scholastica College in Atchison . They also served as member of the School of Business Administration Advisory Board and the athletic board of the University of Kansas , and was president of the school 's alumni association . In addition , Mize was a member of the Phi Delta Theta social fraternity .
Mize was an active member of the Episcopal Church . In addition , they were a member of the Kansas Farm Bureau , Kansas Chamber of Commerce , Elks Club , American Legion , and Veterans of Foreign Wars .
Congressman
Mize was elected as a Republican to the Eighty-ninth , Ninetieth , and Ninety-first Congresses ( January 3 , 1965 – January 3 , 1971 ) .
Mize served on the House Banking and Currency Committee , and was a member of House Republican Conference task forces on Aging , the United Nations , and Latin America . They were also interested in government farm policy , as well as some conservation and flood control projects that were planned for or under construction in their district .
In 1970 , Mize was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection to the Ninety-second Congress . They served as chairperson of the United States Tariff Commission in 1971 .
Death and burial
In retirement , Mize was a resident of first Naples , Florida , and then La Jolla , California . They died in La Jolla of bladder cancer on January 11 , 1994 . They were buried Mount Vernon Cemetery in Atchison , Kansas .
Family
Mize was married to Elizabeth Muchnic Mize . They later divorced , and in 1985 Elizabeth Mize married Paul Elicker . Chester and Elizabeth Mize were the parents of David , Janet , and Anne .
References
Sources
Internet
Newspapers
External links
Retrieved on 2009-5-16
1917 births
1994 deaths
University of Kansas alumni
United States Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of World War II
American business executives
People from Atchison , Kansas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American politicians
Helcystogramma spilopis is a moth in the family Gelechiidae . It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1927 . It is found in Zimbabwe .
The wingspan is about 12 mm . The forewings are rather dark grey , slightly pale speckled and with some blackish scales on the veins . The plical and first discal stigmata are represented by small white dots , the plical obliquely posterior , the second discal represented by a transverse-oval pale ochreous spot edged laterally with white in the middle and containing two minute blackish dots placed longitudinally . There is a white dot on the costa before three-fourths and there are some minute white dots on the apical part of the costa and termen separated by blackish irroration ( sprinkles ) . The hindwings are grey .
References
Moths described in 1927
spilopis
Moths of Africa
Fauna is all of the animal life present in a particular region or time . The corresponding term for plants is flora , and for fungi , it is funga . Flora , fauna , funga and other forms of life are collectively referred to as biota . Zoologists and paleontologists use fauna to refer to a typical collection of animals found in a specific time or place , e.g . the `` Sonoran Desert fauna '' or the `` Burgess Shale fauna '' . Paleontologists sometimes refer to a sequence of faunal stages , which is a series of rocks all containing similar fossils . The study of animals of a particular region is called faunistics .
Etymology
Fauna comes from the name Fauna , a Roman goddess of earth and fertility , the Roman god Faunus , and the related forest spirits called Fauns . All three words are cognates of the name of the Greek god Pan , and panis is the Greek equivalent of fauna . Fauna is also the word for a book that catalogues the animals in such a manner . The term was first used by Carl Linnaeus from Sweden in the title of their 1745 work Fauna Suecica .
Subdivisions on the basis of region
Cryofauna
Cryofauna refers to the animals that live in , or very close to , cold areas .
Cryptofauna
Cryptofauna are the fauna that exist in protected or concealed microhabitats .
Epifauna
Epifauna , also called epibenthos , are aquatic animals that live on the bottom substratum as opposed to within it , that is , the benthic fauna that live on top of the sediment surface at the seafloor .
Infauna
Infauna is benthic organisms that live within the bottom substratum of a water body , especially within the bottom-most oceanic sediments , the layer of small particles at the bottom of a body of water , rather than on its surface . Bacteria and microalgae may also live in the interstices of bottom sediments . In general , infaunal animals become progressively smaller and less abundant with increasing water depth and distance from shore , whereas bacteria show more constancy in abundance , tending toward one million cells per milliliter of interstitial seawater .
Such creatures are found in the fossil record and include lingulata , trilobites and worms . They made burrows in the sediment as protection and may also have fed upon detritus or the mat of microbes which tended to grow on the surface of the sediment . Today , a variety of organisms live in and disturb the sediment . The deepest burrowers are the ghost shrimps ( Thalassinidea ) , which go as deep as into the sediment at the bottom of the ocean .
Limnofauna
Limnofauna refers to the animals that live in fresh water .
Macrofauna
Macrofauna are benthic or soil organisms which are retained on a 0.5 mm sieve . Studies in the deep sea define macrofauna as animals retained on a 0.3 mm sieve to account for the small size of many of the taxa .
Megafauna
Megafauna is large animals of any particular region or time . For example , Australian megafauna .
Meiofauna
Meiofauna are small benthic invertebrates that live in both marine and freshwater environments . The term meiofauna loosely defines a group of organisms by their
size , larger than microfauna but smaller than macrofauna , rather than a taxonomic grouping . One environment for meiofauna is between grains of damp sand ( see Mystacocarida ) .
In practice these are metazoan animals that can pass unharmed through a 0.5 1 mm mesh but will be retained by a 30–45 μm mesh , but the exact dimensions will vary from researcher to researcher . Whether an organism passes through a 1 mm mesh also depends upon whether it is alive or dead at the time of sorting .
Mesofauna
Mesofauna are macroscopic soil animals such as arthropods or nematodes . Mesofauna are extremely diverse ; considering just the springtails ( Collembola ) , as of 1998 , approximately 6,500 species had been identified .
Microfauna
Microfauna is microscopic or very small animals ( usually including protozoans and very small animals such as rotifers ) . To qualify as microfauna , an organism must exhibit animal-like characteristics , as opposed to microflora , which are more plant-like .
Stygofauna
Stygofauna are any fauna that live in groundwater systems or aquifers , such as caves , fissures and vugs . Stygofauna and troglofauna are the two types of subterranean fauna ( based on life-history ) . Both are associated with subterranean environments – stygofauna are associated with water , and troglofauna with caves and spaces above the water table . Stygofauna can live within freshwater aquifers and within the pore spaces of limestone , calcrete or laterite , whilst larger animals can be found in cave waters and wells . Stygofaunal animals , like troglofauna , are divided into three groups based on their life history - stygophiles , stygoxenes , and stygobites .
Troglofauna
Troglofauna are small cave-dwelling animals that have adapted to their dark surroundings . Troglofauna and stygofauna are the two types of subterranean fauna ( based on life-history ) . Both are associated with subterranean environments – troglofauna are associated with caves and spaces above the water table and stygofauna with water . Troglofaunal species include spiders , insects , myriapods and others . Some troglofauna live permanently underground and can not survive outside the cave environment . Troglofauna adaptations and characteristics include a heightened sense of hearing , touch and smell . Loss of under-used senses is apparent in the lack of pigmentation as well as eyesight in most troglofauna . Troglofauna insects may exhibit a lack of wings and longer appendages .
Xenofauna
Theoretically , Xenofauna are alien organisms that can be described as animal analogues . As of the current day , no alien life forms , animal or otherwise , are known to exist . Despite this , the idea of alien life remains a popular subject of interest in the fields of astronomy , astrobiology , biochemistry , evolutionary biology , science fiction , and philosophy .
Other
Other terms include avifauna , which means `` bird fauna '' and piscifauna ( or ichthyofauna ) , which means `` fish fauna '' .
Treatises
Classic faunas
Linnaeus , Carolus . Fauna Suecica . 1746
See also
Biodiversity
Biome
Ecology
Ecosystem
Environmental movement
Fauna and Flora Preservation Society
Gene pool
Genetic erosion
Genetic pollution
Natural environment
Soil zoology
References
External links
`` Biodiversity of Collembola and their functional role in the ecosystem ''
Animal ecology
Ecology terminology
Organisms
Identidad is a sculpture by Marta Gilbert , installed in Zona Romántica , Puerto Vallarta , in the Mexican state of Jalisco . Gilbert donated the bust to the city , which was unveiled in 2019 .
References
2019 establishments in Mexico
2019 sculptures
Busts in Mexico
Outdoor sculptures in Puerto Vallarta
Sculptures of women in Mexico
The Færeyinga Saga ( ) , the saga of the Faroe Islands , is the story of how the Faroe Islanders were converted to Christianity and became a part of Norway .
Summary
It was written in Iceland shortly after 1200 . The author is unknown and the original manuscript is lost to history , but passages of the original manuscript have been copied in other sagas , especially in three manuscripts : Óláfs saga Tryggvasonar en mesta , Flateyjarbók , and a manuscript registered as AM 62 fol .
The different sagas differ somewhat on the first settlement of the Faroes . Historians have understood from the beginning of Færeyinga Saga in Flateyjarbók that Grímur Kamban settled in the Faroes when Harald Fairhair was king of Norway ( c.872-930 AD ) . This does not correspond with the writings of the Irish monk Dicuil .
However , the version from Ólafs saga Tryggvasonar does correspond with the writings of Dicuil . The opening text is , `` There was a man named Grímr Kamban ; they first settled in Faroe . But in the days of Harald Fairhair many men fled before the king 's overbearing . '' The first man to settle in Faroe is , according to this text , a man with a Norse first name and a Gaelic last name . This suggests that they might have come from Norse–Gael settlements to the south in Scotland or Ireland and probably was n't Norwegian .
The text says that many men fled from Norway when Harald Fairhair was king there , but it also says that the isles were settled before that ( possibly for hundreds of years , although most historians do not think so ) .
The Norwegians who fled from Harald Fairhair must have known about the isles before leaving Norway . If Grímr Kamban settled some time before , this could explain the Norwegians knowing about the Faroes .
According to Dicuil , a Hiberno-Scottish mission , the `` Papar '' , lived in the Faroes ( and Iceland ) before Vikings came from Norway .
Synopsis
The protagonist and antihero of the story is Þrándr Þorbjarnarson ( in Modern Faeroese Tróndur í Gøtu ) , who lives at Gøta on Eysturoy . At the beginning of the story , the Faeroe Islands are split in two , with the northern islands ruled by Þrándr 's cousins Brestir and Beinir Sigmundsson , while the southern islands are ruled from Suðuroy by a certain Hafgrímr . Þrándr manipulates the Sigmundssons and Hafgrímr into fighting a battle on Stóra Dímun , which results in the deaths of all three men . They then sells the Sigmundssons ' young sons , Sigmundr Brestisson and Þórir Beinisson , into slavery in Norway and takes over the northern islands for himself ; the southern islands are inherited by Hafgrímr 's son Ǫzurr .
Sigmundr and Þórir are eventually freed by their owner , and they subsequently enter the service of Hákon illi , the Jarl of Hlaðir , for whom they fight in a series of campaigns , most notably the Battle of Hjörungavágr against the famous Jomsvikings . Having built up a reputation as warriors , they return home to the Faeroes , kill Ǫzurr Hafgrímsson and take control of the southern Faeroes . They then force Þrándr to turn over the northern islands to them as well , and they also coerce them into paying them weregild ( compensation ) for their fathers ' deaths .
Around AD 995 , the adventurer Olaf Tryggvason kills Jarl Hákon and becomes King of Norway . Óláfr is a Christian , and they promptly set about trying to convert Norway and its neighbouring territories to this new religion . To this end they invite Sigmundr to Norway , persuades them to accept Christianity and instructs them to convert the Faeroe Islands . Sigmundr 's initial attempt to promulgate the new religion at the Tórshavn þing is defeated by Þrándr , who mobilises the farmers against him , so they launch a night raid on Gøta , captures Þrándr and forces them to convert under threat of death . With their leader subverted , the Faroese pagans quickly yield , and the islanders adopt Christianity as their new religion .
Þrándr is keen to take revenge , but bides their time . Several years later they and their hot-tempered nephew Sigurðr Þorláksson launch a surprise attack on Sigmundr 's farm on Skúvoy . Sigmundr and Þórir escape by leaping into the sea , and they subsequently attempt to swim all the way to Suðuroy , but the effort pushes them to the limits of their endurance . Þórir drowns just offshore , and although an exhausted Sigmundr manages to make it onto the beach they are then murdered by a local farmer , Þorgrímr inn illi , who desires their gold ring . Þorgrímr subsequently buries the corpses of Sigmundr and Þórir to prevent their crime being uncovered .
Þrándr seizes control of the Faeroes , granting half to Leifr Ǫzurarson ( son of Ǫzurr Hafgrímsson ) . They make several offers of compensation to Sigmundr 's widow and their young sons , but they refuse . Eventually they propose a marriage between Leifr and Sigmundr 's daughter Þóra , which the latter accepts on condition that Þrándr track down their father 's killer . Þrándr uses pagan necromancy to summon up the spirits of Sigmundr and Þórir , which relate to them how they died . Armed with this information , Þrándr confronts Þorgrímr , who confesses to killing Sigmundr and is promptly hanged at Tórshavn .
Þrándr , their nephew Sigurðr and Leifr continue to rule the Faeroe Islands for many years , extending through the reigns of the Norwegian kings Óláfr Haraldsson and Sveinn Knútsson . However , over time Sigurðr becomes overconfident , listening less and less to the advice of the cunning Þrándr , and they also become increasingly impetuous and violent , committing a series of brutal killings ( including that of Leifr Þórisson , son of Þórir Beinisson ) which make them unpopular with the islanders . Eventually Leifr Ǫzurarson and the three sons of Sigmundr Brestisson conspire to kill Sigurðr , although two of the Sigmundarsons are killed in the attempt and the third is crippled . As the last man left standing , Leifr Ǫzurarson is left as the sole ruler of the Faeroes , and the saga ends with them travelling to Norway to pay homage to the new king there , Magnús Óláfsson .
References
Citations
Sources
Færeyínga saga eller Færøboernes historie i den islandske grundtekst med færøisk og dansk oversættelse Carl Christian Rafn , ed. , Danish tr . Johan Hen ( d ) rik Schrøter , Faroese tr . ( Copenhagen : J.H . Schultz 1832 )
Further reading
Debes , Hans Jacob . Føroya søga 1 . Norðurlond og Føroyar . ( pp . 89–100 . Føroya skúlabókagrunnur ) 1990 .
Havsteen-Mikkelsen , Sven Føroyinga søga ( Bjarni Niclasen , týddi ; Jørgen Haugan , skrivaði eftirmæli . ( Tórshavn : Føroya skúlabókagrunnur ) 1995
Robert K. Painter . Faroe-Islander Saga : A New English Translation , 2016 ,
External links
Full text in Icelandic and English translation at the Icelandic Saga Database
heimskringla.no - Færeyinga saga
13th-century literature
Faroese folklore
Norwegian culture
Sagas
Necromancy
Anthony James Speed is a retired British police officer with the London Metropolitan Police . They specialised in public order policing and headed the policing of many demonstrations and other public order events during their career .
As a sergeant , Speed served as protection officer to Charles , Prince of Wales , during their term at the University College of Wales , Aberystwyth , in 1969 . In 1983 , as a chief superintendent , they were put in command of Brixton , a post they still held in 1985 . A year later they were a commander in charge of specialist training . By 1991 , they had been promoted to deputy assistant commissioner and was in charge of policing central London .
On 19 August 1994 , they were promoted to assistant commissioner and put in command of Area No . 1 ( Central Area ) following the Metropolitan Police reorganisation which saw expansion from four to six assistant commissioners , all but one placed in charge of one of the five operational areas . They held this post until they retired in 1999 , following which the force reverted to have four assistant commissioners each in charge of a portfolio instead of an operational area . During this time they chaired the Association of Chief Police Officers sub-committee on public order .
Following their retirement , Speed was asked to head an investigation into the Carnival Against Capital riots in the City of London on 18 June 1999 and the response of the City of London Police . Their report a month later was highly critical of the force . In 2000 , they conducted a review of the Royal Parks Constabulary which led to a number of charges being implemented and its eventual merger with the Metropolitan Police in 2004 .
Speed was awarded the Queen 's Police Medal ( QPM ) in the 1991 Birthday Honours and appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) in the 1999 New Year Honours . They were appointed a deputy lieutenant for Greater London in July 1999 .
Speed was a freemason for twenty years from the age of 21 , but resigned after public opinion began to turn against police officers being members .
Footnotes
Possibly living people
Assistant Commissioners of Police of the Metropolis
English recipients of the Queen 's Police Medal
Metropolitan Police recipients of the Queen 's Police Medal
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British Freemasons
Deputy Lieutenants of Greater London
Bodyguards
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Al-Samawʾal ibn Yaḥyā al-Maghribī ( , ; c. 1130 – c. 1180 ) , commonly known as Samau'al al-Maghribi , was a mathematician , astronomer and physician . Born to a Jewish family , they concealed their conversion to Islam for many years in fear of offending their father , then openly embraced Islam in 1163 after they had a dream telling them to do so . Their father was a Rabbi from Morocco .
Mathematics
Al-Samaw'al wrote the mathematical treatise al-Bahir fi ' l-jabr , meaning `` The brilliant in algebra '' , at the age of nineteen .
They also used the two basic concepts of mathematical induction , though without stating them explicitly . They used this to extend results for the binomial theorem up to n=12 and Pascal 's triangle previously given by al-Karaji .
Polemics
They also wrote a famous polemic book in Arabic debating Judaism known as Ifḥām al-Yahūd ( Confutation of the Jews ) . A Latin tract translated from Arabic and later translated into many Western languages , titled Epistola Samuelis Marrocani ad R. Isaacum contra errores Judaeorum , claims to be authored by a certain R. Samuel of Fez `` about the year 1072 '' and is erroneously connected with him .
Notes
References
Samau'al al-Maghribi : Ifham Al-Yahud : Silencing the Jews by Moshe Perlmann , Proceedings of the American Academy for Jewish Research , Vol . 32 , Samau'al Al-Maghribi Ifham Al-Yahud : Silencing the Jews ( 1964 )
Samaw'al al-Maghribi : Ifham al-yahud , The early recension , by مغربي، السموءل بن يحي، d. ca . 1174. al-Samawʼal ibn Yaḥyá Maghribī ; Ibrahim Marazka ; Reza Pourjavady ; Sabine Schmidtke Publisher : Wiesbaden : Harrassowitz , 2006 .
Perlmann , Moshe , `` Eleventh-Century Andalusian Authors on the Jews of Granada '' Proceedings of the American Academy for Jewish Research 18 ( 1948–49 ) :269-90 .
External links
Al-Bahir en Algebre d'As-Samaw'al translation by Salah Ahmad , Roshdi Rashed , Author ( s ) of Review : David A . King , Isis , Vol . 67 , No . 2 ( Jun. , 1976 ) , pp . 307-308
Al-Asturlabi and as-Samaw'al on Scientific Progress , Osiris , Vol . 9 , 1950 ( 1950 ) , by Franz Rosenthal , pp . 555–566
( PDF version )
Medieval Iraqi astronomers
Medieval Iraqi physicians
Medieval Jewish astronomers
12th-century mathematicians
Medieval Iraqi mathematicians
Medieval Moroccan mathematicians
Converts to Islam from Judaism
People from Baghdad
Year of birth uncertain
Islam and antisemitism
Medieval Persian Jews
12th-century Jews
12th-century Muslims
12th-century physicians
Medieval Jewish physicians of Iraq
Medieval Moroccan physicians
12th-century births
12th-century deaths
12th-century astronomers
Iraqi people of Moroccan descent
12th-century people of the Abbasid Caliphate
Jewish astronomers
Raja Laut is a two masted gaff rigged wooden schooner . Built in 2006 , their hull and rigging are based on the designs of traditional European yachts and small trading ships of the 19th century .
Design
The hull design is typical of traditional wooden schooners from Europe and America . The hull of Raja Laut was built of hard and resistant timber , a type of ironwood known as Belian or Ulin , forming a strong and watertight hull , with all fastening in '304 ' stainless steel . Emphasis on timber quality and symmetry of construction mean the hull lines provide for a smooth flow of water and excellent stability .
Name
The Malay name Raja Laut , translates to `` King of the Sea '' , is a reference to the history and maritime adventure stories of Joseph Conrad and the Malay Archipelago , South East Asia .
Luxury charter
Raja Laut is part of a number of sail charters that operates around the Asia-Pacific region . The vessel has only six cabins , with a maximum of 12 passengers . In January 2011 , Raja Laut was involved in a more unusual charter when they were hired as one of the sets for the making of a feature film about 50 German World War One marine left stranded by the light cruiser during the Battle of Cocos . The film was being made by the veteran filmmaker Berengar Pfahl .
See also
List of schooners
References
External links
Individual sailing yachts
Ships built in Malaysia
Two human polls comprised the 1960 NCAA University Division football rankings . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies . There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll .
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 29 , at the end of the 1960 regular season , over a month before the major bowls .
A.Only 19 teams received votes in week 6 .
Final Coaches ' poll
The final UPI Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games , on November 29 .
Minnesota received 21 of the 35 first-place votes ; Mississippi received nine and Iowa five .
Source :
Prior to the 1975 season , the Big Ten and AAWU ( later Pac-8 ) conferences allowed only one postseason participant each , for the Rose Bowl .
The Ivy League has prohibited its members from participating in postseason football since the league was officially formed in 1954 .
References
College football rankings
Oceanhouse Media , Inc. is a publisher of iOS , Android and Windows 8 apps . Their offerings include digital book apps from brands such as Dr. Seuss , The Berenstain Bears and Little Critter , as well as self-improvement apps from Hay House authors , and Chicken Soup for the Soul .
Oceanhouse Media was founded in January 2009 by Michel and Karen Kripalani in Encinitas , California . The company released its first iOS app , Bowls - Authentic Tibetan Singing Bowls , on the Apple App Store in March 2009 .
Oceanhouse Media currently has licensing agreements in place with Dr. Seuss Enterprises , Hay House , Mercer Mayer , HarperCollins , Random House , Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company , Chronicle Books , Chicken Soup for the Soul and many others .
Products
Oceanhouse Media has published more than 350 apps for iOS devices , ranging from $ 0.99 to US $ 15.00 , as well as several free apps . The company also has more than 160 Android apps available on Google Play and the Amazon App Store .
omBook®
Oceanhouse Media possesses the registered trademark omBook® for its Oceanhouse Media digital book apps for children .
Brands
Oceanhouse Media has released apps from the following brands :
Dr. Seuss
The Cat in the Hat 's Learning Library
The Berenstain Bears
Little Critter , by Mercer Mayer
Smithsonian Institution
Ziggy Marley
Once Upon a Potty
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
Chicken Soup for the Soul
Hay House authors such as Louise L. Hay , Dr. Wayne W. Dyer , Doreen Virtue , Deepak Chopra , and others .
Parents ' choice awards
Oceanhouse Media apps have been recognized by several Parents ' Choice Awards .
Parents ' Choice Award : Gold
Ice Is Nice ! ( Dr. Seuss/Cat in the Hat ) , Fall 2013
On Beyond Bugs ( Dr. Seuss/Cat in the Hat ) , Fall 2013
Parents ' Choice Award : Silver
The Cat In The Hat - Dr. Seuss , Spring 2010
Dr. Seuss 's ABC , Spring 2011
Green Eggs and Ham - Dr. Seuss , Spring 2011
Oh , the Thinks You Can Think ! - Dr. Seuss , Fall 2011
Oh Say Can You Say Di-no-saur ? ( Dr. Seuss/Cat in the Hat ) , Fall 2012
Trains - Byron Barton , Spring 2013
A Whale of a Tale ! ( Dr. Seuss/Cat in the Hat ) , Spring 2013
References
Mass media companies of the United States
Software companies of the United States
Kırıkhanspor is a Turkish football club located in Kırıkhan , Hatay Province .
League participations
TFF Third League : 1984–1989 , 1991–1994 , 2009–2018
Turkish Regional Amateur League : 2018–2019
Amateur League : –1984 , 1989–1991 , 1994–2009 , 2019–
League performances
Source : TFF : Kırıkhanspor
Current squad
2013/2014 squad .
Last update : 9 April 2014
References
External links
Kırıkhanspor on TFF.org
TFF Third League clubs
Football clubs in Hatay
OPS 5117 , also known as Navstar 5 , GPS I-5 and GPS SVN-5 , was an American navigation satellite launched in 1980 as part of the Global Positioning System development programme . It was the fifth of eleven Block I GPS satellites to be launched .
Background
Global Positioning System ( GPS ) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground , sea , and air forces . Since its implementation , GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe , including recreational used ( e.g. , boating , aircraft , hiking ) , corporate vehicle fleet tracking , and surveying . GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55° . These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane .
Spacecraft
The first eleven spacecraft ( GPS Block 1 ) were used to demonstrate the feasibility of the GPS system . They were 3-axis stabilized , nadir pointing using reaction wheels . Dual solar arrays supplied over 400 watts . They had S-band communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency ( UHF ) cross-link between spacecraft . They were manufactured by Rockwell Space Systems , were 5.3 meters across with solar panels deployed , and had a design life expectancy of 5 years . Unlike the later operational satellites , GPS Block 1 spacecraft were inclined at 63° .
Launch
OPS 5117 was launched at 23:08 UTC on 9 February 1980 , atop an Atlas F launch vehicle with an SGS-1 upper stage . The Atlas used had the serial number 35F , and was originally built as an Atlas F. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 3E at Vandenberg Air Force Base , and placed OPS 5117 into a transfer orbit . The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-27 apogee motor .
Mission
By 27 February 1980 , OPS 5117 had been raised to an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.94 minutes , and 63.2° of inclination to the equator . The satellite had a design life of 5 years and a mass of . It broadcast the PRN 05 signal in the GPS demonstration constellation , and was retired from service on 28 November 1983 .
References
Spacecraft launched in 1980
GPS satellites
The Kootenay Ranges , also known as the Western Ranges , are one of the three main subdivisions of the Continental Ranges which comprise the southern half of the Canadian Rockies , the other two subdivisions being the Front Ranges and the Park Ranges ( which is the largest of the groupings ) . The Kootenay Ranges lie between the Bull River ( E ) and the town of Golden , British Columbia ( W ) and south of Kicking Horse Pass , and are the location of the headwaters of the Kootenay River
Subranges
Beaverfoot Range
Hughes Range
Stanford Range
Vermilion Range
References
Landforms of British Columbia , S. Holland , publ . BC Govt , 1976
Mountain ranges of British Columbia
Ranges of the Canadian Rockies
East Kootenay
Columbia Valley
Ludwik Starski ( born Ludwik Kałuszyner , 1 March 1903 in Łódź – died 29 February 1984 in Warsaw ) was a Polish Jewish lyricist , sound engineer and screenwriter of the twentieth century . They were the father of the set designer Allan Starski , who often worked with movie director Andrzej Wajda and received the Academy Award for `` Best Set Design '' for Schindler 's List in 1994 . Ludwik worked with Eugeniusz Bodo , Władysław Szpilman and with Tadeusz Sygietyński .
Before the Second World War they were a journalist with the newspaper Express Wieczorny Ilustrowany ( The Evening Express ) . They were also a lyricist of songs for cabarets , cafés and theater , including theater Qui Pro Quo , Gong , Morskie Oko , Perskie Oko , in Warsaw . Some of their songs were performed by singer Irena Santor to the music of composer Władysław Szpilman . Starski worked with singer actor Eugeniusz Bodo ( whom they met at Qui Pro Quo ) and wrote lyrics to some of their hit songs including Sex Appeal .
Between 1934 and 1978 , they wrote a score of films for which they were also an engineer .
They married Maria Bargielska ( 1911–1986 ) ; they had one son , Allan Starski , who became an Academy Award winning production designer and set decorator . Ludwik Starski was the brother of journalist and writer Adam Ochocki .
Selected filmography
Robert and Bertram ( 1938 )
References
Jewish cabaret performers
Polish cabaret performers
20th-century Polish Jews
Jewish songwriters
1984 deaths
1903 births
20th-century comedians
20th-century Polish screenwriters
Male screenwriters
20th-century Polish male writers
Galatheanthemidae is a family of sea anemones belonging to the order Actiniaria .
Genera :
Galatheanthemum Carlgren , 1956
References
Actiniaria
Cnidarian families
Escuela Municipal Deportivo Binacional or Binacional is a Peruvian football club from Desaguadero District in the Puno Region who currently plays its home games in the city of Juliaca . The team currently plays in the Peruvian Primera División .
History
Founding
The club was founded on December 18 , 2010 , by the mayor of the Desaguadero District , Juan Carlos Aquino , under the name Club Deportivo Binacional de Desaguadero . The district is close to the Peru–Bolivia border and thus was called Binacional , or Bi-national in English .
Copa Perú
The club debuted in the Liga Superior de Puno of the 2011 Copa Perú tournament and finished fourth in the standings with 14 points .
The following year , the club finished second in the Liga Superior de Puno with 21 points and advanced to the Departmental Stage where it also finished second , thus allowing them to advance to the Regional Stage . Binacional became the Region VIII champions after finishing the first of its group and beating Alfonso Ugarte from Puno in the regional finals on penalties after a 0–0 draw . They proceeded to play in the National Stage . In the Round of 16 , Binacional defeated Deportivo CREDICOOP from Tacna on penalties after an aggregate score of 3–3 . However , the Peruvian Football Federation 's Justice Court retired the team from the tournament for fielding José Antonio Balarezo Dávila in the Regional Stage , who was suspended after receiving a red card in the last game of the Departmental Stage .
Binacional repeated a similar campaign in 2013 . The club qualified to the Regional Stage and finished the first of its group of Region VIII . In the National Stage , they faced San Simón from Moquegua in the Round of 16 . They won the first leg 1–0 but lost the second leg 0–2 , thus eliminating them from the tournament with an aggregate score of 1–2 . San Simón eventually advanced to the finals and would go on to win the tournament .
In 2014 , Binacional reached the Regional Stage for the third year in a row . They finished third of their group with 7 points , behind Unión Alto Huarca from Cusco and Unión Fuerza Minera from Puno and were not able to advance to the National Stage . Later on , Fuerza Minera would become the runner-up of the tournament .
The Copa Perú restructured its format for the 2015 season . This year Binacional was eliminated in the Departmental Stage after Policial Santa Rosa from Puno defeated them on a 1–2 aggregate score .
Binacional switched its locality to the Paucarpata District in the Arequipa Region in 2016 , on the orders of the club president , Juan Carlos Aquino . The team purchased the playing rights of Escuela Municipal de Paucarpata , who participated in the Liga Distrital de Paucarpata . As part of the merger , the club changed its official name to Escuela Municipal Deportivo Binacional .
That year , Binacional started its campaign winning 8 out of 9 games of the Liga Distrital de Paucarpata , scoring 70 goals and finishing first place in the standings with Luis 'Puchito ' Flores as head coach . It then surpassed the Regional and Departmental stages without difficulty to reach the National Stage as Arequipa Region 's runner-up . In this stage , the team won 4 games and tied 2 to finish second in the overall league standings of 50 participants and thus qualifying to the Round of 16 . In this round , Binacional faced against Octavio Espinosa from Ica , winning the first leg 2–1 and the second leg 3–1 to advance to the quarter-final with an aggregate score of 5–2 . Then , the team beat Carlos Orellana , also from Ica , with a 6–4 global score after winning 6–3 on the first leg of this round and losing 0–1 in the second leg , allowing them to play the final group stage or La Finalísima in Lima as one of the four best Peruvian amateur teams . It surprisingly lost 1–0 in the first match of this stage to the eventual fourth-place team Racing from Huamachuco . The second game was against eventual champion Sport Rosario from Huaraz which it lost 2–3 with an own goal by Carlos Aspilcueta at the 73rd minute . The team finished 3rd overall after beating Deportivo Hualgayoc by 1–0 and thus preventing it from winning the tournament .
Promotion to first division
Binacional had a great start to its 2017 campaign by qualifying to the departmental stage of the Copa Perú and winning all of its matches to qualify to the National Stage . In the first round of this stage , the team won four games , tied one , and lost one and placed twelfth in the standings out of 50 teams . This allowed them to play the second round where they faced against León de Huánuco for a spot in the Round of 16 . Binacional won both legs , 3–1 away in Huánuco and 8–1 at home in Arequipa for a global score of 11–2 .
In the Round of 16 , Binacional faced against the Lima Region champion , Defensor Laure Sur . They won the first leg 4–0 and lost the second leg 1–2 , thus advancing to the quarter-finals with a global score of 5–1 . Then , they played against Ica Region representative Unión San Martín . The teams tied in the first leg with a score of 1–1 but Binacional was able to win on the second leg 4–1 and to reach La Finalísima once again . Their first game was a 4–1 victory against José Carlos Mariátegui from Tarapoto . It then tied 1–1 against tournament favorite Atlético Grau from Piura . This left both Atlético Grau and Binacional with the same number of points going into the last matchday . On the last matchday , Binacional won 1–0 against Estudiantil CNI from Iquitos and Atletico Grau was able to defeat José Carlos Mariátegui . However , Binacional managed a better goal difference of +5 compared to Grau 's +3 . As such , El Poderoso won the tournament and promotion to the 2018 Torneo Descentralizado .
Professional era
Deportivo Binacional debuted in the Peruvian first division in the first tournament of the season , the 2018 Torneo de Verano . The first match for the recently promoted club was a 0–2 loss against Cantolao . The next matchday saw the team beat Unión Comercio 2–1 in Moyobamba , in which Milton Benítez scored the first goal for Binacional and an own goal from Comercio 's defender secured the club 's first victory in Peruvian first division . At the end of the tournament , Binacional had won 5 matches , tied 6 , and lost 3 to finish third of its group with 21 points .
Before the start of the 2018 Torneo Apertura , the team temporarily moved to Moquegua 's Estadio 25 de Noviembre in an effort to attract more fans . By the end of the Torneo Apertura , the club was undefeated at this new location , winning 5 matches and tying 3 . Binacional finished eighth in the standings with 23 points . Then , the team had a rough start in the 2018 Torneo Clausura which resulted in the release of head coach Luis 'Puchito ' Flores . They were replaced by Mario Flores ahead of matchday 8 of the tournament , when the team was sitting at the bottom of the league table . Binacional managed to finish the tournament thirdteen in the standings with 17 points . In the aggregate table , the team placed eighth with 59 points and gained a berth for the 2019 Copa Sudamericana .
After the end of the 2018 season , the club announced that they would be moving back to the Puno Region permanently , as well as modifying their badge to include a flag of Puno and reverting to its original name Deportivo Binacional . It enrolled Estadio Guillermo Briceño Rosamedina in Juliaca as their new home stadium , at 3824 meters above sea level . However , this stadium did not meet the necessary standards established by CONMEBOL to hold an international match , and therefore El Poderoso was forced to play their home games of the 2019 Copa Sudamericana at the Estadio Monumental de la UNSA in Arequipa .
The drawing for this tournament set Binacional to face Independiente from Argentina for the first stage . The club 's first game in an international competition was a 1–4 loss in Avellaneda , with Jeferson Collazos scoring the only goal for El Poderoso . The second leg was also a loss , this time in Arequipa with a 1–2 score . Binacional was eliminated from the competition with a 2–6 aggregate score .
Liga 1 champions and Copa Libertadores
Binacional had a successful domestic campaign in 2019 where it won the Torneo Apertura with 36 points , 4 points ahead of its nearer contender , Sporting Cristal . It had an almost perfect run at home scoring 3 goal per game on average and only losing to another high-altitude team , Sport Huancayo . During this time it was led by Peruvian coach Javier Arce , who left the club after the first half of the season because of disagreements with the owners . Some of the most important players for the club during the Torneo Apertura championship campaign were under-23 player Andy Polar , Colombian striker Donald Millán , and Peruvian forward Aldair Rodríguez . Roberto Mosquera took over as the new head coach for the second half of the season . The team finished fourth in the standings of the Torneo Clausura with 28 points and qualified for the tournament semi-finals from which it received a bye into the tournament final after finishing second in the aggregate table with 64 points . This also granted Binacional the opportunity to play the 2020 Copa Libertadores , the most prestigious competition in South American club football , for the first time in its history .
On 2 December 2019 , a few days before the tournament final , Binacional players Juan Pablo Vergara , Donald Millán , and Jeferson Collazos were involved in an automobile accident while travelling between the cities of Puno and Juliaca . All three players were taken to the nearest hospital from which Millán and Collazos were released a few hours later without any major injuries . Vergara suffered a perforation of the liver by a broken rib , triggering a haemorrhage from which they were not able to recuperate . At 23:25 PET the club announced via social media that Vergara had died from injuries sustained during the accident . The next day the rest of the squad announced its intentions to go on with the tournament final in honor of their deceased teammate .
The first leg of the 2019 final was played on December 8 in Juliaca . Binacional won the first match by 4–1 against Alianza Lima , who finished the game with only 10 players . Ángel Ojeda , Edson Aubert , Aldair Rodríguez , and Donald Millán scored for the home team . This game was the first to incorporate the use of the video assistant referee ( VAR ) review system in Peru 's professional league . The second leg was played a week later on December 15 in Lima which ended with at 2–0 in favor of Alianza Lima . Thus Binacional won its first Peruvian Liga 1 championship with a global score of 4–3 .
Ahead of Binacional 's title defence and debut Copa Libertadores campaign , key players Rodríguez , Millán , Aubert and Hervé Kambou departed to join América de Cali , Universitario , Melgar and Sport Huancayo respectively , and coach Roberto Mosquera was appointed by Sporting Cristal . With this significantly weakened squad , as well as the refusal of the Peruvian government to allow the club to play its home Libertadores matches in Juliaca ( Binacional was only permitted to play in Lima due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Peru ) , the team 's continental participation was a dismal one , including home and away defeats to River Plate by scorelines of 6–0 and 8–0 , a 5–1 loss in Brazil against São Paulo and another defeat against LDU Quito , losing 4–0 . Binacional scored three goals and conceded 25 , only winning one of their six group matches and losing the other five .
Binacional set a negative record in the history of Libertadores : it became the club with the worst goal difference in the history of the continental tournament 's group stage , with -22 , surpassing the previous record of -18 , which belonged to 9 de Octubre , from Ecuador ( 1966 ) , Deportivo Italia ( 1985 ) and Zamora ( 2015 ) , both from Venezuela .
The 2020 Liga 1 season was also fairly unsuccessful , as the club could only finish the campaign in 13th position .
Kits and crest
Binacional has used a sky blue shirt and shorts combination since its inception . Their away kit is a darker shade of blue for the shirt and pants . The crest is composed of a parted coat of arms . The bottom of half is a stylized sun above the waves of Lake Titicaca . The top half consisted of the flag of the Arequipa Region . After the team returned to the Puno Region , the top half was changed to the flag of that region . The coat of arms is supported by two Pumas with an Adidas Telstar and three golden stars for a crown .
Honours
National
League
Peruvian Primera División :
Winners ( 1 ) : 2019
Torneo Apertura :
Winners ( 1 ) : 2019
Copa Perú :
Winners ( 1 ) : 2017
National cups
Supercopa Peruana :
Runner-up ( 1 ) : 2020
Regional
Región VIII :
Winners ( 1 ) : 2012
Runner-up ( 1 ) : 2013
Liga Departamental de Puno :
Winners ( 2 ) : 2013 , 2014
Runner-up ( 1 ) : 2012
Liga Departamental de Arequipa :
Winners ( 1 ) : 2017
Runner-up ( 1 ) : 2016
Liga Superior de Puno :
Runner-up ( 1 ) : 2012
Liga Provincial de Chucuito :
Winners ( 3 ) : 2013 , 2014 , 2015
Liga Provincial de Arequipa :
Winners ( 2 ) : 2016 , 2017
Liga Distrital de Paucarpata :
Winners ( 1 ) : 2016
Performance in CONMEBOL competitions
Copa Sudamericana : 1 appearance
2019 : First stage
Copa Libertadores : 1 appearance
2020 : Group stage
Players
Current squad
Former players
Managers
Below is a list of Deportivo Binacional managers from 2018 , the club 's first season in the Peruvian first division , until the present day .
References
Football clubs in Peru
Association football clubs established in 2010
The Aérodrome Saint-Louis , also called Aérodrome du Bois Gomin or Canadian Transcontinental Airways Airport , was the first airfield of the Quebec City area of Quebec , Canada . It was located in the suburb of Sainte-Foy .
It was established by Canadian Transcontinental Airways ( 1927–38 ) ( Compagnie Aérienne Transcontinentale ) in 1928 in the fields between Cap-Rouge Road ( now called Chemin Saint-Louis ) and Gomin Road ( Chemin Gomin ) , east of the Route de l'Église where the Laurier Québec and Place Sainte-Foy shopping centres are currently located . It was used during winter to transport mail between Montreal and Rimouski .
It was closed in 1938 , when Canadian Transcontinental Airways ceased operations , and in 1939 a new airfield was established in Quebec City ; Aéroport de l'Ancienne Lorette , today known as Québec City Jean Lesage International Airport .
See also
List of airports in Canada
Québec/Lac Saint-Augustin Water Airport
External links
Un chemin Gomin au long parcours
Saint-Louis
Transport in Quebec City
fr : Aéroport international Jean-Lesage de Québec
Voyle is both a given name and a surname . The origin of the name is from the Welsh language . It was originally moel , meaning bald , but became mutated ( a change that happens in the Welsh language under certain grammatical rules , in this instance the soft mutation , from moel to foel . ) It can refer to a person or a land feature such as the poorly vegetated top of a round hill . The name is often mis-spelt on census returns and the like , as it became anglicised . As the Welsh letter f is sounded as v then the name became spelled as the following variants ;
Voil , Voel , Voyl , Voyle and even Voyles .
The name tended to be concentrated in Pembrokeshire and other areas of South Wales until recent times .
It may refer to :
Mike Voyle ( born 1970 ) , Welsh rugby union player
Voyle Gilmore ( 1912–1979 ) , American record producer and music arranger
See also
Voyles
English-language surnames
The Fraustadt district ( German : Kreis Fraustadt ; 1939-1945 : Landkreis Fraustadt ) was Prussian district which existed in various borders from 1793 to 1945 . From 1793 to 1807 it was located in the Province of South Prussia , from 1815 to 1848 in the Grand Duchy of Posen , from 1848 to 1920 in the Province of Posen , from 1922 to 1938 , in the Province of Posen-West Prussia , from 1938 to 1941 in the Province of Silesia and from 1941 to 1945 in the Province of Lower Silesia .
Size
The Fraustadt district had an area of
1,002 km2 ( 1818-1887 )
477 km2 ( 1887-1920 )
262 km2 ( 1920-1938 ) .
History
After the Second Partition of Poland , from 1793 to 1807 , the area around Fraustadt and Lissa belonged to the Fraustadt district in the Prussian province of South Prussia . By the Treaty of Tilsit in 1807 , the district was ceded to the Duchy of Warsaw . After the Congress of Vienna , on May 15 , 1815 , the district was restored to the Kingdom of Prussia and became part of the Grand Duchy of Posen , which became the Prussian Province of Posen in 1848 .
During the Prussian administrative reforms , a district reform was carried out in the Posen administrative region on January 1 , 1818 , during which the area around the town of Schmiegel was transferred from the Fraustadt district to the Kosten district and the area around Priment was transferred to the Bomst district . The seat of the district office was Fraustadt . As part of the Province of Posen , the Fraustadt district became part of the newly founded German Reich on January 18 , 1871 . On October 1 , 1887 , a separate Lissa district was formed from the eastern part of the Fraustadt district , including Lissa , Schwetzkau , Reisen and Storchnest .
On December 27 , 1918 , the Greater Poland uprising against German rule began in the province of Posen , but the Fraustadt district , which was predominantly inhabited by Germans , remained under German control . On February 16 , 1919 , an armistice ended the Polish-German fighting , and on June 28 , 1919 , the German government , with the signing of the Treaty of Versailles , ceded the north-eastern part of the Fraustadt district ( 215 km2 ) to the newly founded Second Polish Republic . On November 25 , 1919 , Germany and Poland concluded an agreement on the evacuation and surrender of the areas to be ceded , which was ratified on January 10 , 1920 . The evacuation and handover to Poland took place between January 17 and February 4 , 1920 . From November 20 , 1919 , the Fraustadt district was administered from Schneidemühl and belonged to the newly formed Prussian province of Posen-West Prussia from 1922 .
On October 1 , 1938 , the province of Grenzmark Posen-West Prussia was dissolved and the Fraustadt district was assigned to the Liegnitz region of the Province of Silesia . The community of Lache was transferred to the neighboring district of Grünberg . On January 18 , 1941 , the province of Silesia was divided and the Fraustadt district now belonged to the Province of Lower Silesia . At the end of January 1945 , the Red Army captured the Fraustadt district , after which it became part of Poland .
Demographics
Elections
In the German Empire , the Fraustadt district together with the Lissa district formed the Posen 6 Reichstag constituency . In the Reichstag elections between 1871 and 1912 , the following members were elected :
1871 : Maximilian von Puttkamer , National Liberal Party
1874 : Maximilian von Puttkamer , National Liberal Party
1877 : Maximilian von Puttkamer , National Liberal Party
1878 : Maximilian von Puttkamer , National Liberal Party
1881 : Stanislaus von Chlapowski , Polish Party
1884 : Paul von Rheinbaben , Free Conservative Party
1887 : Paul von Rheinbaben , Free Conservative Party
1890 : Hans von Hellmann , Free Conservative Party
1893 : Stanislaus von Chlapowski , Polish Party
1898 : Anton Tasch , Centre Party
1903 : Karl Schmidt , Free Conservative Party
1907 : Max Kolbe , Free Conservative Party
1912 : Hans Georg von Oppersdorff , Centre Party
Municipalities
From 1887 to 1920 , the following communities belonged to the district :
References
1945 disestablishments
1793 establishments
Wschowa County
Districts of the Province of Posen
Gift Grub is a series of short comic pieces broadcast on weekdays on The Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show on the Irish commercial radio station Today FM , having been broadcast since May 1999 .
History
A precursor to `` Gift Grub '' originally aired on Today FM 's predecessor , Radio Ireland , as a series of sketches called `` Starship Compromise '' . This Star Trek parody featured a caricature of Gerry Adams as a starship captain accompanied by Martin McGuinness , with the two scouring the galaxy , seeking compromise with alien beings .
In 1998 , presenter Ian Dempsey joined the newly renamed Today FM which had replaced Radio Ireland . A year later , in March 1999 , Paul McLoone joined Today FM and became a producer for the Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show . McLoone and Irish comedian Mario Rosenstock later came up with and developed the concept of `` Gift Grub '' . The first Gift Grub sketch aired on the Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show in early May 1999 . The name of the sketches have their basis in the format of the original pieces , in which the character of Bertie Ahern ( Ireland 's former Taoiseach ) would introduce the listening public to favourite ( `` Gift '' ) meals or food items ( `` Grub '' ) .
For the next five years , McLoone and Rosenstock participated in various sketches either together or separately with four volumes of Gift Grub being released on CD . McLoone resigned from Today FM in 2004 , spending the next two years freelancing , before returning to the station in 2006 . After McLoone 's departure from `` Gift Grub '' , Rosenstock voiced the show 's characters . These characters are generally based on real people , typically Irish or international celebrities and political figures .
In 2006 , the satirist and impressionist Oliver Callan who had previously contributed to `` Gift Grub '' sketches , reportedly took legal action over the release of a compilation album of sketches .
The popularity of the show has generated a number of spin-off compilations .
Rosenstock has performed live stage versions of several sketches and characters , in shows titled `` Gift Grub Live '' .
Notable sketches
Writers of the series respond to current news and events by writing satire on recent events . One episode involved the re-writing of the song Dry Your Eyes by The Streets , in which Roy Keane sings to David Beckham , consoling them on England 's loss to France in UEFA Euro 2004 . In a poll of Today FM listeners , this sketch was voted the `` all-time favourite '' Gift Grub sketch .
In 2005 , a sketch entitled `` José and their Amazing Technicolor Overcoat '' , mimicking Chelsea boss José Mourinho , caught the attention of football fans in the UK and reportedly reached number 45 in the UK singles chart . Rosenstock was invited by Mourinho to attend a match at Stamford Bridge . This track , along with `` I Sign a Little Player or Two '' , based on Aretha Franklin 's I Say a Little Prayer , were broadcast on London 's Capital Gold radio station .
In December 2005 , a parody of Will Young 's song Leave Right Now , relating to the events surrounding Roy Keane 's dismissal from Manchester United , was released as a charity single in Ireland . With proceeds going to the Irish Guide Dogs Association , it entered the charts and was the Christmas number one in 2005 .
In March 2007 , the real Roy Keane met with Ian Dempsey to promote the Irish Guide Dogs Foundation and was introduced to the Gift Grub Roy . Previous guests who were invited on the show to meet their Gift Grub equivalents included Hector Ó hEochagáin , Eddie Hobbs , and Ronan Keating . Bertie Ahern also joined the show to celebrate the segment 's tenth anniversary .
In November 2009 , Today FM released a special 10-year edition of the annual 'Best of ' CD . This included 3 CDs , including a 'best of 2009 ' CD , a 'best of the decade ' CD , and an unreleased sketches CD .
See also
Gift Grub 6 : The Special One
References
External links
GiftGrub.ie Website ( archived )
Gift Grub on TodayFM.com ( archived )
Irish breakfast radio shows
Irish comedy radio shows
The Ian Dempsey Breakfast Show
Wilmington is a hamlet in the civil parish of Priston within the unitary authority of Bath and North East Somerset , England . It is nestled in the hilly countryside between the villages of Marksbury , Newton St Loe , Stanton Prior and Priston , 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of Bath .
It was previously in the hundred of Keynsham . The Domesday Book shows that in 1086 the settlement formed part of the estates of Bath Abbey under the lordship of a Walter Hussey , and consisted of 9 households and a mill , with 10 acres of meadow and 10 of pasture .
Wilmington Farm located adjacent to the hamlet is a cattle farm of 320 acres owned by the Duchy of Cornwall .
References
Hamlets in Somerset
Chandler Kinchla , better known as Chan Kinchla , ( born May 29 , 1969 ) is an American who is best known as the guitarist for jam band Blues Traveler .
Early life
Kinchla was born in Hamilton , Ontario , Canada . Kinchla is the older brother of Blues Traveler bassist Tad Kinchla . They attended Princeton High School in Princeton , New Jersey , where they started playing guitar with John Popper in 1986 . Kinchla was one of the two original members of the band . While still in high school , the band gigged in New York City often . After graduation , they moved there and played at `` divey , shit-hole bars '' until they secured a record deal with A & M .
Career
After their record deal , a bartender at one of the clubs they played at had a job with David Letterman and introduced the band to him . Blues Traveler appeared on The David Letterman Show as their first national television event . Kinchla `` think [ s ] of Dave fondly as the guy who gave us our first break , as far as some national television exposure '' . The band released their first album in 1990 .
Chan along with Brendan Hill are the only members of Blues Traveler who do not participate in a side project , although Chan and John Popper do acoustic shows together .
Guitars
Chan has used a wide variety of guitars throughout their career , including Gibson , Fender , ESP , and Yamaha guitars . In recent years , Chan has played Paul Reed Smith guitars as they have a custom model created for him .
References
External links
Chan Kinchla 's bio - BluesTraveler.com
1969 births
Musicians from Hamilton , Ontario
Canadian blues guitarists
Canadian male guitarists
Canadian rock guitarists
Living people
Grammy Award winners
Blues Traveler members
Aries Telecoms ( M ) Berhad is a computer supplier founded in 1996 in Malaysia .
History
It expanded into the field of system integration for small businesses , predominantly involving the design , deployment and maintenance of LAN solutions deploying Ethernet networking technologies . This gave them a platform to specialise in Ethernet network technology . By 2005 , the business focus was changed to networking technologies and associated services . The company signed a contract with the Malaysian state of Malacca to implement a statewide wireless network project linking all government offices and facilities within the state of Malacca . This project was successfully launched on 3 October 2002 by the then Chief Minister of the State of Malacca , Datuk Seri Haji Mohd Ali Bin Mohd Rustam .
Growth
The company began in 2004 to build Malaysia 's first carrier class Metro Ethernet fiber optic border-to- border network spanning Peninsular Malaysia . Through a partnership with Fiberail Sdn Bhd , a subsidiary of Telecom Malaysia Berhad , which had deployed fiber optic cable along various of Malaysia 's railways and pipelines , the Group capitalised on this existing network of unutilized dark fiber running from Padang Besar on the Thailand-Malaysia border to Johor Bahru on the Singapore-Malaysia border . Through various tech partnerships , the Group installed its current network switching technology and , following huge investment , the first phase of this nationwide Metro Ethernet network was completed and commissioned in December 2006 . The company also installed its NOC in Kuala Lumpur at this time and network services to customers commenced in March 2007 . Between 2006 and 2014 , it continued to upgrade its national network to meet anticipated further growth of bandwidth demand in Peninsular Malaysia as well as preparing itself for expansion within the wider South East Asia region . The company constructed a further two cross-border networks spanning Peninsular Malaysia in 2012 and 2013 ; and three networks were built between 2006 and 2014 supporting the Klang Valley area .
References
External links
Mobile phone companies of Malaysia
Telecommunication companies of Malaysia
Companies based in Kuala Lumpur
Telecommunication companies established in 1996
1996 establishments in Malaysia
Malaysian brands
Companies listed on Bursa Malaysia
Ministry of Communications and Multimedia ( Malaysia )
Robert Smith was an Irish-born Member of the Legislative Assembly of the province of British Columbia , Canada from its entry into Confederation in 1871 until the provincial election of 1878 . Smith represented the Fraser Canyon-Interior riding of Yale . The Yale riding in this period included the Okanagan , Similkameen , Nicola and Shuswap areas .
They represented Yale and Lytton in the Legislative Council of British Columbia before 1871 . Smith was an unsuccessful candidate for the Yale seat in the Canadian House of Commons in 1872 . Smith introduced a motion in the assembly that , if the railway to the Pacific was not started by January 1876 , that British Columbia be allowed to withdraw from Confederation and be awarded 30 million dollars in compensation from Canada .
References
Members of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia
Jaber Alwan ( born 1948 in Babylon , Iraq ) is an Italian artist and painter of Iraqi descent .
Biography
Born in Babylon , Iraq , in 1948 , Alwan graduated from the Institute of Fine Art in Baghdad in 1970 . In 1972 they arrived in Rome and started painting in the famous Piazza Navona .
In 1975 they gained a diploma degree in Sculpture from the Rome Academy of Fine Art . Ten years later the Municipality of Rome awarded them the prize of Best Artist , the first foreigner to receive this prize .
They have works on permanent display in the Museums of Modern Art of Baghdad , Damascus , Qatar and Kuwait , the Opera House of Culture in Cairo , also at the Gulbenkian Museum , Lisbon , the Dei Diameni Palace , Ferrara , and the Academy Museum , Ravenna ; and has private collections in many cities in Europe , Russia , Japan and Chile .
Alwan lives in Rome , Italy .
Exhibitions
1975 “ La Giada ” Gallery Rome Italy
1976 “ The Cross Library ” Gallery Rome Italy
1977 “ The Hall of Plastic Artists “ Gallery Baghdad Iraq
1978 “ Studio Dell Arte ” Gallery Rome Italy
1978 “ Ipotesi ” Gallery Rome Italy
1979 “ La Perla ” Gallery Florence Italy
1985 “ Leonardo da Vinci ” Gallery Rome Italy
1986 An Exhibition at their Studio Presented by “ Giovanni Carandente ” the Manager of Venice Penaly . Rome Italy
1987 “ Il Leone ” Gallery Rome Italy
1988 “ Ornina ” Gallery Damask Syria
1988 “ Mass Palass ” Museum Vienna Austria
1990 “ Artemos ” Gallery Bastogne Ballgame
1991 “ Kufa ” Gallery London England
1992 Liehrmann '' Gallery Liege Ballgame
1993 Vittorio Caporrella '' Foundation Rome Italy
1994 Liehrmann '' Gallery Liege Ballgame
1994 “ Lombardi ” Gallery Rome Italy
1995 “ Gallery Atassi ” Damascus Syria
1995 Abaad '' Gallery Amman Jordan
1995 “ Sala ” College Ronciglione Italy
1995 “ Green Art ” Gallery Dubai The Arabian Emarat
1995 “ Communale ” Gallery Founainebleau France
1996 “ Liehrmann ” gallery Liege Ballgame
1996 “ Private Collection Art ” Gallery Bahrain Bahrain
1997 “ Museum Loggetta Lombardesca ” Ravenna Italy
1997 Magazzino Del Sale '' Cervia Italy
1998 “ Green Art ” Gallery Dubai The Arabian Emarat
1999 “ Arte Contemporanea ” gallery Foggia Italy
1999 “ Museum Civico Vieste ” Vieste Italy
1999 “ Atassi ” Gallery Damascus Syria
1999 “ Leonardo da Vinci ” Gallery Catania Italy
2000 “ Green Art ” Gallery Dubai The Arabian Emarat
2000 “ Al-Mada ” Gallery Damascus Syria
2001 “ XPO ” gallery Beirut Lebanon
2001 “ M-Art ” Gallery Vienna Austria
2001 “ Bilad Al Cham ” gallery Halab Syria
2002 “ Liehrmann ” gallery Liege Ballgame
2002 “ M-Art ” Gallery Vienna Austria
2003 “ Al-Mada ” Gallery Beirut Lebanon
2004 “ Grant ” Gallery Cairo Egypt
2004 “ Al-Marsa ” Gallery Tunis Tunis
2005 “ Museum of Art ” Kuwait Kuwait
2005 “ Liehrmann ” Gallery Liege Ballgame
2005 “ Al-Riwaq ” Gallery Bahrain Bahrain
2005 “ Green Art ” Gallery Dubai The Arabian Emarat
2006 A solo exhibition at Dar Al Anda , Jordan
Group exhibitions
1977 “ Festival of International Art ” Abbruzzo Italy
1977 “ From Rome To Tokyo ” Exhibition Japan
1981 “ Iraqi Art ” Rome Italy
1983 “ Women in Iraq Art ” Regge amilia Italy
1984 “ Contemporary Iraqi Art ” Brecht center , Milan Italy
1984 A group of Iraqi and Iranian Artists for Peace Rome Italy
1986 An Exhibition for a group of Italian and Foreign Artists Genezzano Italy
1986 “ International Gallery ” Rome Italy
1986 “ Iraqi and Iranian Artists ” Roma Italy
1987 “ Salone del Quotidiano ” Rome Italy
1987 “ Anti Racial ” Exhibition Rome Italy
1988 “ Punto 8 ” Gallery Florence Italy
1988 “ Iraqi Art ” National Museum Damascus Syria
1988 “ Far away from the first Sky ” Florence Italy
1988 “ Punto Gallery ” Rome Italy
1989 “ Mass Palass ” Museum Vienna Austria
1989 “ Palasso Valentine ” Rome Italy
1990 “ Biennale di Bastogne ” Bastogne Ballgame
1993 “ Il Torchio ” Gallery Rome Italy
1993 “ Mass Palass ” Museum Vienna Austria
1995 “ La Bottega ” gallery Ravenna Italy
1996 “ Communale ” Museum “ The Italian Art ” Liege Ballgame
1997 Biennale di Rome “ Palasso del Matto to “ Rome Italy
1999 Bienale di Beirut Beirut Lebanon
2003 Biennale di Cairo Cairo Egypt
2004 Biennale di Tunis Tunis Tunis
2005 “ Adn- Kronos ” Hall Rome Italy
References
External links
Official Site
Living people
1948 births
People from Hillah
Italian people of Iraqi descent
Italian contemporary artists
Iraqi painters
Italian painters
Bap-Tizum is a 1972 live album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded at the Ann Arbor Blues and Jazz Festival held at the Otis Spann Memorial Field and first released on the Atlantic label in 1973 . It features performances by Lester Bowie , Joseph Jarman , Roscoe Mitchell , Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye .
Reception
Rolling Stone 's Bob Palmer wrote `` Bap-Tizum features dozens of instruments ( all the saxophones from soprano to bass , tempered and non-tepered percussion , etc . ) and sequences of colours and moods which range from energy-raising to reflection to explosive anger to sheer soul strutting ... The performance gassed ten thousand people , most of whom had never heard of the group , and Atlantic is to be commended for releasing it in all its rough hard-edged grandeur . ''
The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell awarded the album 5 stars noting that `` the Art Ensemble holds back nothing in a chaotic , meandering , exasperating , outrageous -- and , thus , always fascinating -- performance '' .
Critic Michael G. Nastos calls the album `` essential '' . Author Rafi Zabor describes the album as a `` riotous '' real-life analogue to their depiction of a fictional , tumultuous Art Ensemble performance in The Bear Comes Home .
Track listing
`` Nfamoudou-Boudougou '' ( Moye ) - 4:16
`` Immm '' ( Favors ) - 5:31
`` Unanka '' ( Mitchell ) - 10:44
`` Oouffnoon '' ( Mitchell ) - 3:25
`` Ohnedaruth '' ( Art Ensemble of Chicago ) - 15:00
`` Odwalla '' ( Mitchell ) - 5:42
Recorded September 9 , 1972 at the Ann Arbor Blues and Jazz Festival , Michigan
Personnel
Lester Bowie : trumpet , percussion instruments
Malachi Favors Maghostut : bass , percussion instruments , vocals
Joseph Jarman : saxophones , clarinets , percussion instruments
Roscoe Mitchell : saxophones , clarinets , flute , percussion instruments
Don Moye : drums , percussion
References
Art Ensemble of Chicago live albums
1972 live albums
Atlantic Records live albums
Giancarlo Giorgetti ( born 16 December 1966 in Cazzago Brabbia ) is an Italian politician and prominent member of the League , of which they became deputy secretary in 2016 . Since February 2021 , Giorgetti is serving as Minister of Economic Development in the government of Mario Draghi . Previously , they were Secretary of the Council of Ministers from June 2018 until September 2019 , in the government of Giuseppe Conte .
Early life and career
Giorgetti was born in 1966 in Cazzago Brabbia , a small town in the Province of Varese . They later graduated at the Bocconi University , becoming a tax advisor and Financial auditor .
During the university they were close to the Youth Front , the youth-wing of the nationalist Italian Social Movement ( MSI ) . However , in the early 1990s , they joined Lega Lombarda and Lega Nord , the separatist movements founded by Umberto Bossi , and on 23 April 1995 they were elected mayor of their hometown , Cazzago Brabbia , a position that they held until 12 June 2004 .
Political career
Elected to the Chamber of Deputies for the first time in 1996 Italian general election , they were re-elected in 2001 , 2006 , 2008 , 2013 and 2018 . From 2001 to 2006 , they were the chairperson of the Budget Committee in the Chamber . Within the party , they were a national secretary of Lega Lombarda from 2002 to 2012 and has been deputy federal secretary of Lega Nord since 2016 .
Giorgetti was described by The New York Times as a powerful aide to Umberto Bossi , founder and federal secretary of Lega Nord from 1991 to 2012 ; and by The Economist as their `` dauphin '' . In 2010 , The Guardian described them as an `` influential member of Berlusconi 's Lega Nord party '' , where Berlusconi stood erroneously for Bossi . Under Matteo Salvini , Bossi 's opponent and new federal secretary of Lega Nord since 2013 , Giorgetti continued to be one of the most influential members of the party .
Political views and controversies
Giorgetti is a federalist and regionalist politician who supports decentralization . Speaking at the 2018 edition of the Communion and Liberation 's Rimini Meeting on 20 August 2018 , they addressed the rise of populism , stating that `` the Italian Parliament does n't matter anymore because it 's no longer understood by citizens , who see it as a place of political inconclusiveness '' . In 2006 , Giorgetti found themselves at the center of a controversy for having refused in 2004 a 50–100,000 euro bribes from Italian banker Gianpiero Fiorani .
Giorgetti is a vocal supporter of a first-past-the-post based electoral system and pushes for a return to the Italian electoral law of 1993 ( Mattarellum ) , although it was repealed in favor of the Italian electoral law of 2005 ( Porcellum , subsequently declared unconstitutional ) with Lega Nord 's support . In 2020 , Giorgetti argued that Italy needs an electoral system that `` makes possible to govern . Of all the electoral systems I 've known , the one that worked best is Mattarellum '' , saying that `` local mayors , entrepreneurs , professionals and people representing their own territory were brought into nationwide politics thanks to FPTP 's single-member districts mechanism '' .
Electoral history
First-past-the-post elections
References
External links
1966 births
20th-century Italian politicians
21st-century Italian politicians
Bocconi University alumni
Conte I Cabinet
Draghi Cabinet
Deputies of Legislature XVIII of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XVII of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XVI of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XV of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XIV of Italy
Deputies of Legislature XIII of Italy
Lega Nord politicians
Living people
People from the Province of Varese
MI-16 , MI16 , MI 16 or variant may refer to :
MI16 , British Military Intelligence Section 16
Mil Mi-16 aka Mil V-16 , helicopter
Michigan 's 16th congressional district
U.S. Route 16 in Michigan , highway
Some DOHC 16 valve versions of PSA_XU , XU9 and XU10
The 1978 Jordanian League ( known as The Jordanian League , was the 28th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944.In the 1978 it was called ( first division league ) Al-Ahli won its 7th title .
Teams
Map
League table
Al-Hussein did not relegate because the Football Association decided to increase the number of clubs to 8 teams in the 1979 season .
Overview
Al-Ahli won the championship .
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
William Claiborne Owens ( October 17 , 1849 – November 18 , 1925 ) was a U.S. Representative from Kentucky .
Born near Georgetown , Kentucky , Owens attended the common schools , also Kentucky Wesleyan College , Millersburg , Kentucky , Transylvania University , Lexington , Kentucky , and was graduated from Columbia Law School , New York City , in 1872 .
They were admitted to the bar in the same year and commenced practice in Georgetown , Kentucky . They served as prosecuting attorney for Scott County , Kentucky from 1874 to 1877 , when they resigned . They served as member of the Kentucky House of Representatives 1877–1887 and served as speaker in 1882 and 1883 . They served as delegate to the 1892 Democratic National Convention .
Owens was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-fourth Congress ( March 4 , 1895 – March 3 , 1897 ) . They were not a candidate for renomination in 1896 . They became affiliated with the Republican Party in 1896 . Major in the Second Regiment , Kentucky Volunteers , during the Spanish–American War in 1898 . They moved to Louisville , Kentucky , in 1900 and resumed the practice of law . They died in Louisville , Kentucky , November 18 , 1925 . They were interred in Georgetown Cemetery , Georgetown , Kentucky .
References
1849 births
1925 deaths
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
American people of Welsh descent
Columbia Law School alumni
Kentucky lawyers
Kentucky Republicans
Members of the Kentucky House of Representatives
People from Scott County , Kentucky
Politicians from Louisville , Kentucky
Speakers of the Kentucky House of Representatives
Transylvania University alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kentucky
19th-century American lawyers
Wayne Wright may refer to :
Wayne D. Wright ( 1916–2003 ) , American Hall of Fame and National Champion Thoroughbred horse racing jockey
Wayne P. Wright ( born 1951 ) , tenth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Delaware from 1998 to 2017
Ai is an unincorporated community in Gilmer County , Georgia , United States .
A post office called Ai was established in 1920 , and remained in operation until 1932 . The community was named after Ai , a place mentioned in the Hebrew Bible . Ai was located inland away from the railroad .
References
Unincorporated communities in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Unincorporated communities in Gilmer County , Georgia
David Hugh Bannerman is a retired South African Anglican bishop .
Education
Bannerman holds a Diploma in Theology ( St Paul 's College , Grahamstown ) , BA ( Unisa ) , a BAHons Psy ( Unisa ) and Master 's in Theology ( Unisa ) .
Clerical career
Bannerman started their church career in 1973 at St. John 's Cathedral , Bulawayo and then moved to the Diocese of Bloemfontein in 1977 . In 1995 they moved to the Diocese of South Eastern Transvaal where they became Rector of St. Dunstan 's Cathedral and Dean in 1999 . In succession to David Beetge , they were consecrated as bishop and installed as Bishop of the Highveld on 25 April 2009 . Retiring , Bannerman 's term of office ended on 31 January 2015 .
They were granted Permission to Officiate in The Diocese of Canterbury , for a period of three years , with effect from 10 May 2021 .
Honours and awards
They were made an honorary canon of Bloemfontein Cathedral in 1994 and a Knight of the Most Venerable Order of St John of Jerusalem in 2007 .
Other work
Bannerman served as Chairperson of the Diocesan Counselling Board and Chairperson of the Diocesan Link Group ( Diocese of Monmouth ) , a Director of the Highveld Anglican Board of Social Responsibility and a member of the St. Dunstan 's College Council .
Personal life
Bannerman is married to Joan and they had two children , Katherine and Eleanor – Eleanor died in 1992 . Joan is a remedial therapist at St. Dunstan 's College .
Notes and references
20th-century South African Anglican priests
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Anglican bishops of the Highveld
21st-century Anglican Church of Southern Africa bishops
Santa Maria High School , also abbreviated as SMHS , is a public high school located in Santa Maria , Texas ( USA ) . It is the sole high school in the Santa Maria Independent School District . In 2015 , the school was rated `` Met Standard '' by the Texas Education Agency .
Athletics
The Santa Maria Cougars compete in the following sports :
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Tennis
Track and Field
Volleyball
References
External links
Official website
High schools in Cameron County , Texas
Public high schools in Texas
Peter Hamilton Flack is a South African lawyer , business person and hunter .
Biography
They studied and worked as a corporate lawyer in the United Kingdom , the United States and South Africa . In their mid thirties , they changed careers and became the CEO of the largest mining contracting company in Africa and , ten years later , accepted an offer to lead one of the world 's largest gold mining groups . After retiring from mining , they and two partners formed what was to become the leading turnaround company in Africa .
Throughout this time , Flack has been involved in wildlife and wildlife habitats . They have participated in the conversion of an eroded and bankrupt goat farm into a model working game ranch .
They have produced thirteen books , seven films , hundreds of magazine articles and many hunting trips to some 15 African countries .
Personal
They have been married to Jane for over 40 years . They are the parents of Lisa Murison and Richard Flack .
Works
Books
Hunting the Hippotrages ( 2021 )
Hunting the African Buffalo ( 2017 )
Hunting the Spiral Horns - Bongo & Nyala , the Elite African Trophies ( 2016 )
Hunting the Spiral Horns – Sitatunga , the Sly , Shy , Secretive One ( 2015 )
Hunting the Spiral Horns – Bushbuck , the Little Big Buck ( 2014 )
Hunting the Spiral Horns – Eland , Everyman 's Elephant ( 2013 )
Hunting the Spiral Horns – Kudu , the Top African Antelope ( 2012 )
The South African Conservation Success Story ( 2011 )
Safari Guide II ( 2010 ) ( with Jacqueline Neufeld )
Hunting Icons of Africa ( 2009 )
Great Hunters – Volume 4 ( 2005 )
African Hunter II ( 2004 ) ( with Craig Boddington )
Tales of a Trophy Hunter in Africa ( 2003 )
Heart of an African Hunter ( 1999 )
DVDs
The South African Conservation Success Story ( 2010 )
Flack Hunts Cameroon ( 2007 )
Flack Hunts South Africa ( 2006 )
Flack Hunts Namibia ( 2005 )
Flack Hunts Chad ( 2004 )
Flack Hunts Ethiopia ( 2004 )
Flack Hunts Tanzania ( 2001 )
Articles
Alphabetical Order
Peter Flack has written articles for a variety of printed and online hunting magazines .
`` B '' is for Big Botswana Bulls
Barbary Sheep Hunt In Chad
Bongo – The African Hunting Icon
Buffalo Blunders
Caveat Congo – the Anatomy of a Hunting Disaster
Conversations With My Son
Cornwallis Harris 's Cameleopard
Crocodiles – Birds Or Lizards ?
First Buffalo
First Lion
G.F.H . in the C.A.R .
Geoff Smith 's 100 Pounder
Hippopotamus – A Curious And Clever Beast
How I Found My Hundred Pounder
How to Hunt Hard when it 's Hard to Hunt
In Foortu 's Footsteps – Hunting in the Umkomaas and Nhlamvini Valleys
Hyenas – The Voice of Africa
Last Hunt on Bankfontein
Last Nile Buffalo In Dati
Leopard Lunacy
Natural History Museums And Hunting – Is There A Connection ?
Of Horses and Rifles
Omo Valley Venture
Problem Animal Control in Tunisia or Tackling the Barbary Wild Boar
Rain Forest Elephant Hunting In Cameroon
Ready to Hunt in Africa ?
Red Lechwe Ramblings
Safari Marksmanship
Second Bull Bandit
Sesse Island Sitatunga
Some Roan I Remember
`` The '' African Rifle
The Five Huntable Hartebeest on Licence in Africa Today
The Geopolitical Giraffe
The Legend Of Welverdiend
The Livingstone 's Eland of Mocambique 's Niassa Reserve
The Most Special Spiral Horn ?
The Taxonomy of African Game Animals
The Unspeakable in Full Pursuit of the Uneatable
Trackers – The Unsung Heroes
What do Bongo and Art have in Common ?
Who Shot the Donkey ?
World Record Bongo – Africa 's Top Trophy
World Record Nyala versus South Africa 's Conservation Revolution
Zambia 's Royal Sable
Zebra - Pyjama Clad Horses ?
Blog
25 February 2019 - Does Trophy Hunting Really Benefit Conservation and Local Communities ?
25 February 2019 - Kruger Park Lion Debate : Animal rights activists are just plain wrong
25 February 2019 - Pinnock vs Vegter
25 February 2019 - Conservation on the Continent
18 June 2018 - Umbabat Private Nature Reserve – Media Statement
18 June 2018 - Kruger Lions : Who really cares about conservation ?
18 June 2018 - Theodore Roosevelt – Killer or Conservationist ?
18 June 2018 - Hunting Facts versus Animal Rights Fiction
9 May 2018 - Opposition to Fair Chase
3 May 2018 - Creativity Explained by David Priilaid
3 May 2018 - Custodians of Professional Hunting and Conservation
8 March 2018 - Hunting Statistics 2016
19 April 2017 - My last Newsletter and Blog Post
4 April 2017 - WWF – Its True Colours
4 April 2017 - Why Men Trophy Hunt by Messrs Darimont , Codding and Hawke
6 February 2017 - Opposition to the Fair Chase Guild
5 December 2016 - South African Hunting Statistics for 2015 – Some Observations
5 December 2016 - “ Expelled ” from WWF South Africa – continued
24 November 2016 - “ Expelled ” from WWF South Africa
2 March 2016 - Lies , Bloody Lies and Surveys – Game Numbers
2 March 2016 - Lies , Bloody Lies and Surveys – Colour Variants 3
2 December 2015 - Colour Variants and Canned Killing – The Namibian Policy
1 December 2015 - Speech : Colour Variants and Canned Killing
15 September 2015 - Public Relations and Hunting
13 August 2015 - From Barbara Crown , publisher of The Hunting Report
11 August 2015 - Amateur hunting bodies have failed their members
3 August 2015 - Some Erudite Alternative Views
27 July 2015 - PHASA President Calls for a Review of Lion Hunting
25 June 2015 - Submission to Panel of Experts into South Africa 's comprehensive integrated approach to reduce rhino poaching
3 June 2015 - High Game Prices = Major Conservation Reward
9 May 2015 - Intensive Breeders Sense of Humour Failures
4 May 2015 - Article in Rapport Sunday Newspaper – Death knell for hunting ? Artificial breeding of game 'damages SA 's reputation as an eco-destination '
29 March 2015 - 'Shopping and Shooting versus Hunting ' *
23 January 2015 - Game ranchers are the wrong target
12 January 2015 - Rhino in Crisis – Blueprint For Survival
8 September 2014 - Eulogy of Opportunities Missed
20 August 2014 - Pyramid Schemes and the Breeding and Manipulation of Colour Variants and other Unnatural Freaks
20 August 2014 - Canned Killings and other Unnatural Behaviour in the Game Ranching Industry
15 April 2014 - History of Hunting Article Published in Financial Mail
14 April 2014 - History of Hunting Article Published in Fairlady
24 February 2014 - Wildlife Matters 2
7 January 2014 - Shooting Or Hunting : What Is It To Be ?
6 January 2014 - Canned Lion Killing Interview for SBS TV Australia
8 November 2013 - SA Hunters Speech
28 August 2013 - Hunting endangered animals
23 August 2013 - Game price stampede
9 July 2013 - The legalisation of rhino horn trading
28 May 2013 - The elephant in the room
15 April 2013 - Time to preserve game ?
28 February 2013 - Why do I hunt ?
15 February 2013 - Letter to hunters
1 November 2012 - Wildlife Matters
22 September 2012 - Package for you ! Wonder what it can be ?
Awards
The Musgrave Award - Hunter of the Year ( 2006 )
The Bataleur Award ( 2015 )
The Selous Award ( 2016 )
Sources
Book/DVD stockist : Peter Flack Productions – Africa
Book/DVD stockist : Peter Flack Productions – Rest of the World
External links
Peter Flack 's – Official Website
Peter Flack Productions Africa – Online Store
Peter Flack Productions Rest of the World – Online Store
1948 births
Living people
20th-century South African lawyers
South African businesspeople
20th-century South African writers
Horace Ladd Moore ( February 25 , 1837 – May 1 , 1914 ) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas .
Moore was born in Mantua , Ohio and attended the common schools and the Western Reserve Eclectic Institute in Hiram , Ohio . They moved to Lawrence , Kansas , in 1858 . They studied law and one month after their admission to the bar enlisted in the Union Army in the Second Regiment , Kansas Volunteer Infantry , on May 14 , 1861 , and served continuously until June 30 , 1865 , when they were mustered out of the service as lieutenant colonel of the Fourth Regiment , Arkansas Volunteer Cavalry . As major of the Eighteenth and colonel of the Nineteenth Regiments of Kansas Cavalry , they served against the Indians on the Plains in 1867 and 1868 . They again engaged in the practice of law and later , from 1886 to 1892 , engaged in the wholesale grocery business in Trinidad , Colorado . They served as treasurer of Douglas County , Kansas , in 1886 and 1887 .
They successfully contested as a Democrat the election of Edward H. Funston to the Fifty-third Congress and served from August 2 , 1894 , until March 3 , 1895 . They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1894 to the Fifty-fourth Congress . They served as vice president of a national bank in Lawrence , Kansas , until their death on May 1 , 1914 . They were interred in Oak Hill Cemetery .
References
1837 births
1914 deaths
Hiram College alumni
Union Army officers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
People from Mantua , Ohio
Kansas lawyers
People of Arkansas in the American Civil War
Military personnel from Kansas
19th-century American lawyers
Shrimp chips may refer to :
Prawn cracker , a Southeast Asian shrimp cracker which comes in many varieties
Kappa Ebisen , a popular shrimp flavored Japanese snack
Odd Arne Espevoll ( born 5 June 1976 ) is a retired Norwegian football defender .
They hail from Vikedal and started their career in Vindafjord IL . They made their debut for Viking FK in late 1994 and remained there through 2003 , except the season 2001 when they were loaned out to FK Haugesund . In 2004 they joined Hinna , then Jarl .
Espevoll was capped for Norway on under-21 level . They participated in the bronze medal-winning squad at the 1998 UEFA European Under-21 Championship .
References
1976 births
Living people
People from Vindafjord
Norwegian footballers
Viking FK players
FK Haugesund players
Hinna Fotball players
Norwegian First Division players
Eliteserien players
Association football defenders
Norway under-21 international footballers
Sportspeople from Rogaland
Borknagar is a Norwegian heavy metal band from Bergen , founded in 1995 by Øystein Garnes Brun . The band 's style combines black metal and folk metal with progressive and melodic elements . Borknagar 's lyrics often deal with philosophy , paganism , nature and the cosmos .
History
Borknagar was founded by Øystein Brun , then a member of the Norwegian death metal band Molested , when they became tired of the brutal aspects of the band 's music . Øystein formed Borknagar to explore a more melodic outlet of expression , inspired by the burgeoning black metal movement Norway was experiencing and looking to push the boundaries of what was considered `` traditional '' black metal music . They wrote all of the music and lyrics and gathered together an all-star group of black metal musicians to play in their band , such as Infernus of Gorgoroth , Grim of Immortal and Gorgoroth and Ivar Bjørnson of Enslaved . When Garm of Ulver , Head Control System and Arcturus joined the project , it brought the band immediate attention . The band never even recorded a demo ; they simply asked for a record contract on Malicious Records and were granted their request based on the strength of this lineup . Borknagar 's music instantly gained fans and received positive press attention . In 1999 , Grim committed suicide using sleeping pills . They were replaced by Justin Greaves who left shortly after to be replaced by Asgeir Mickelson .
Borknagar has released eleven albums to date . Their self-titled debut album features lyrics solely in Norwegian ; all subsequent albums have featured lyrics written in English exclusively ( however , The Olden Domain featured an instrumental track titled in Norwegian ) . Aside from Brun 's lyrical contributions , the band has featured lyrics by other members as well : ICS Vortex from Arcturus and ex-Dimmu Borgir , drummer Asgeir Mickelson , keyboardist Lars Nedland and more recently by current vocalist Vintersorg from Otyg and their eponymous band . Bassist Jan Erik Tiwaz ( a.k.a . Tyr ) wrote the song 'The View of Everlast ' . All of the band 's records ( excluding the original pressing of the debut album ) have been released by the label Century Media . Borknagar has toured with various bands including Emperor , Peccatum , In Flames , Morbid Angel and Cradle of Filth .
Borknagar released a lighter album , Origin , which is `` an acoustic effort based entirely on the epic and progressive aspect of the band '' , according to Øystein G. Brun 's statement on Blabbermouth.net .
In late December 2007 , the band signed a three-album deal with the Norwegian label Indie Recordings . In March 2008 , Asgeir posted an announcement from Øystein on UltimateMetal forums stating that Erik Tiwaz and Jens F. Ryland had again become official members of the band , and that the band were aiming for a January 2009 release . In May 2008 , Øystein released another statement announcing Asgeir 's departure as the band 's drummer , due to `` evolving differences in musical ideas and visions [ ... ] The split happens in friendly manner and with mutual respect for the decision that they have made . They will remain a good friend of the band . '' A new drummer , the American David Kinkade , who has worked with Arsis and Malevolent Creation has joined the band since .
In April 2009 , the band announced that their upcoming album is titled Universal . The album , scheduled for a September release was postponed to a February 2010 release .
In early June 2010 , Jan Erik Tiwaz left the bass guitarist position of Borknagar due to `` general disagreements '' , and ICS Vortex replaced them and Vintersorg on the upcoming tour .
Also in June 2010 , the band announced their first tour of South America , with ICS Vortex on vocals .
On 25 August 2010 , the band announced that they were forced to cancel the South American tour due to reasons beyond their control .
In January 2011 , the deal with Indie Recordings were terminated and on 28 March 2011 Borknagar signed a new worldwide 3 album deals with Century Media Records .
On 22 April 2011 , the band officially announced the return of ICS Vortex on both bass and vocals .
Drummer Dave Kinkade announced on their official Facebook page on 25 October 2011 that they had `` mutually parted ways with Borknagar '' and that he 'll `` be focusing 100 % on Soulfly now '' .
On 22 February 2012 , it was announced on the Norwegian website Artisan that the new drummer for the band would be Baard Kolstad .
Throughout 2014 and into 2015 , the band had been hard at work writing and recording their next full-length album , Winter Thrice . Production had to be delayed due to injuries vocalist Vintersorg suffered in late 2014 but the recording was concluded in June . Original vocalist Kristoffer Rygg provided guest vocals on the asupervisorstioned record .
In early 2019 , it was reported that long-time vocalist Vintersorg has parted ways with the band due to conflicting issues with their work and family , as well as the after effects of their 2014 injuries . The split was amicable and they have not ruled out being a guest on a future album . As well , drummer Baard Kolstad was also dismembered due to lack of time due to their other in-demand projects . ICS Vortex has since reassumed the role of lead vocalist and Kolstad was replaced by Bjørn Dugstad Rønnow ( at Kolstad 's recommendation ) . Despite these setbacks , Borknagar released their eleventh album , True North , on 27 September 2019 .
Musical style
Their musical style has been described as progressive metal , black metal , folk metal , Viking metal and avant-garde metal .
Members
Current members
Øystein G. Brun – guitar
ICS Vortex ( Simen Hestnæs ) – lead and backing vocals , bass
Lazare ( Lars A. Nedland ) – keyboard , backing and lead vocals
Bjørn Dugstad Rønnow – drums
Jostein Thomassen – guitar
Former members
Infernus ( Roger Tiegs ) – bass
Garm ( Kristoffer Rygg ) – lead and backing vocals
Ivar Bjørnson – keyboard
Grim ( Erik Brødreskift ) – drums
Kai K. Lie – bass
Jens F. Ryland – guitar
Justin Greaves – drums
Asgeir Mickelson – drums , bass and additional guitars
Tyr ( Jan Erik Tiwaz ) – bass
Vintersorg ( Andreas Hedlund ) – lead and backing vocals , additional guitar and keyboards
David Kinkade – drums
Baard Kolstad – drums
Touring members
Athera ( Pål Mathiesen ) - lead and backing vocals
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Borknagar ( 1996 , Malicious , Century Black )
The Olden Domain ( 1997 , Century Black )
The Archaic Course ( 1998 , Century Media )
Quintessence ( 2000 , Century Media )
Empiricism ( 2001 , Century Media )
Epic ( 2004 , Century Media )
Origin ( 2006 , Century Media )
Universal ( 2010 , Indie Recordings )
Urd ( 2012 , Century Media )
Winter Thrice ( 2016 , Century Media )
True North ( 2019 , Century Media )
Compilation albums
For the Elements ( 1996–2006 ) ( 2008 , Century Media )
References
External links
Borknagar official forum ( at UltimateMetal )
Borknagar ( Inside Articles at ArtisanNorway )
Norwegian folk metal musical groups
Norwegian black metal musical groups
Norwegian viking metal musical groups
Viking metal musical groups
Norwegian progressive metal musical groups
Avant-garde metal musical groups
Heavy metal supergroups
Musical groups established in 1995
1995 establishments in Norway
Century Media Records artists
Musical groups from Bergen
Articles which contain graphical timelines
The 1943 season was the Hawthorn Football Club 's 19th season in the Victorian Football League and 42nd overall .
Fixture
Lightning Premiership
The lightning premiership was played between rounds 11 and 12 .
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
The Legislative Assembly of Sverdlovsk Oblast ( ) is the regional parliament of Sverdlovsk Oblast , a federal subject of Russia .
Electoral system
According to Article 32 of the Charter of Sverdlovsk Oblast , the Legislative Assembly is unicameral , with a total number of members of 50 . 25 of them are elected by party lists , and the other 25 deputies are elected in single-mandate constituencies . The term of office of deputies is five years .
History
The Soviet-era Regional Council of People 's Deputies was replaced by the Sverdlovsk Oblast Duma in 1994 . Two years later , the Duma became lower house of the newly established Legislative Assembly with House of Representatives as its upper house . Elections were held to the House in 1996 , 1998 , 2000 , 2004 and 2008 for all 21 seats . In the Sverdlovsk Oblast Duma a half of the total seats number ( 14 ) was at stake every two years . In 2011 bicameralism was abandoned in Sverdlovsk Oblast and new unicameral Legislative Assembly was elected .
Composition
2011
United Russia — 29 seats
A Just Russia — 9 seats
Communist Party — 8 seats
Liberal Democratic Party — 4 seats
2016
United Russia — 35 seats
A Just Russia — 5 seats
Communist Party — 4 seats
Liberal Democratic Party — 4 seats
2021
United Russia — 33 seats
Communist Party — 9 seats
A Just Russia — For Truth — 4 seats
Liberal Democratic Party — 2 seats
New People — 2 seats
References
Politics of Sverdlovsk Oblast
Defunct bicameral legislatures
Sverdlovsk Oblast
The Lega trotskista d'Italia of Trotskyist League of Italy is an Italian Trotskyist group . It is the Italian section of the International Communist League ( Fourth Internationalist ) , or `` Spartacist '' tendency within international Trotskyism .
The Italian Spartacists came from two different organizational splits . One was formed in 1975 from dissidents of the Revolutionary Marxist Fraction led by Roberto Massari who announced the creation of a Spartacist Nucleus at the July 1975 European encampment of the international Spartacist tendency .
The other group had its origins in the Gruppi Comunisti Rivoluzionari , the Italian party affiliated with the United Secretariat of the Fourth International . This group left in 1976 in protest over the LCRs endorsement of the Proletarian Democracy electoral coalition , which it regarded as a kind of popular front . This group first called itself the Bolshevik-Leninist Group for the Reconstruction of the Fourth International . It adopted the name Trotkyist League of Italy in April 1978 , bey which time it had absorbed the Spartacist Nucleus . It also attempted to unify with the ex-Lambertist Bolshevik-Leninist Group of Italy , but nothing came of this .
The LTI grew closer to the international Spartacist tendency , sending a fraternal delegate to its first international conference in London in August 1979 and officially became its Italian sympathizing section in August 1980 . Some members were not happy with this however . After the first conference they founded with International Proletarian Opposition within the LTI and in April 1980 left to form the Grupo Operaio Rivoluzionario por la rinascita della Quarta Internazionale .
By the early 1980s the LTI was centered in Milan where they published their monthly periodical Spartaco .
References
External links
Archive of recent issues of Spartaco
Trotskyist organisations in Italy
Political parties established in 1978
Communist parties in Italy
Far-left politics in Italy
Italy
Raymond Robert Navarro ( November 6 , 1964November 9 , 1990 ) was an American video artist , filmmaker , and HIV/AIDS activist . Navarro was an active member of ACT UP and a founder of Diva TV . Their activism was featured in the documentary How to Survive a Plague . Navarro 's art was exhibited at the Institute of Contemporary Art , Boston , and in Pacific Standard Time : LA/LA .
Early life and education
Raymond Navarro was born in 1964 to Patricia Navarro . They were raised in Simi Valley , California , and attended Otis Art Institute before graduating from the California Institute of the Arts . They moved to New York City in 1988 to attend the Whitney Museum independent study program . Navarro identified as a Mexican-American and a Chicano activist .
Career
After moving to New York City , Navarro became an active member of ACT UP , an advocacy group working to impact the lives of people with AIDS . They were one of nine founding members of Diva TV , which documented much of the work of ACT UP . Activist Debra Levine called Navarro a `` dazzling , outspoken , proudly queer ... Chicano-American AIDS activist '' .
To protest the Roman Catholic Church 's position on abortion rights , gay rights , and safe sex education , Navarro dressed as Jesus during an ACT UP event held on December 10 , 1989 , at Fifth Avenue and St. Patrick 's Cathedral . The protest targeted Cardinal John O'Connor who promoted conservative positions on sexual and public health issues in local and national political debates . At the event , Navarro interviewed demonstrators on the street . They protested with the chants : `` We 're here to say , we want to go to heaven , too ! `` , and `` Make sure your second coming is a safe one . Use condoms . '' The demonstration was included in the documentary Like a Prayer . In 2017 , professor and author Anthony Michael Petro called Navarro the `` camp superstar '' of the documentary . Diva TV founder member Jean Carlomusto remarked in 2002 that Navarro 's performance : ... was also really powerful because Ray , whose own illness was progressing very quickly , dressed as Jesus Christ that day outside was sort of leading chants outside of St. Pat 's . And in their own way , as someone who had grown up Catholic , too , was sort of reclaiming this Christ figure as a revolutionary—use of Christ as someone saying , `` Use condoms '' .
In a 2014 `` Revolution '' issue of ART21 Magazine , film director Jim Hubbard stated that Navarro exuded `` warmth and human connection . They had a great sense of political theater , a wonderful eye , and a mischievous smile that lit up the universe . ''
In February 1990 , Navarro presented an AIDS program at the CineFestival in San Antonio , Texas .
After Navarro lost their vision due to cytomegalovirus retinitis , an AIDS-related complication , they and Zoe Leonard created a photographic series , Equipped . The series was a triptych of black-and-white photographs each showing a mobility device . Below each framed photograph , a plaque etched with a provocative phrase was displayed—stud walk , hot butt , and third leg . Levine and Calkins believe that the piece is a type of self portrait of Navarro . The frames are painted the same color as many prosthetic devices to reinforce the link between the device and the disabled body . Equipped addresses complexities of disease and its relation to race , sexuality , and class . Levine wrote that the exhibit , `` tantalizingly engages issues of sexual fetishism and desirability in disability '' .
Navarro was one of the activists featured in the 2012 film How to Survive a Plague .
Navarro 's work was exhibited in Pacific Standard Time : LA/LA from 2017 to 2018 . Their work has also been displayed at Self Help Graphics & Art .
Personal life
Navarro was dating Anthony Ledesma . Ledesma had been diagnosed with AIDS after becoming sick in 1988 or 1989 . Navarro was diagnosed with AIDS in January 1990 . Before their death , Navarro had become deaf and blind . They died in November 1990 at the age of 26 .
Legacy
Navarro 's mother , Patricia speaks about their son 's experiences . As of December 2009. they work to shape public policy related to HIV/AIDS and serves on the Ventura County Board of Supervisors HIV/AIDS Committee . In memory of Navarro and Gerardo Velázquez , Harry Gamboa Jr. wrote the chapter `` Light at the End of Tunnel Vision '' for the 2018 book Latinx Writing Los Angeles : Nonfiction Dispatches from a Decolonial Rebellion .
See also
LGBT culture in Los Angeles
LGBT culture in New York City
List of AIDS activists
References
External links
1964 births
1990 deaths
HIV/AIDS activists
AIDS-related deaths in New York ( state )
20th-century American artists
American video artists
LGBT artists from the United States
LGBT Hispanic and Latino American people
American artists of Mexican descent
California Institute of the Arts alumni
American film directors of Mexican descent
Catholics from California
LGBT people from California
People from Simi Valley , California
Gay artists
Artists from California
Members of ACT UP
20th-century LGBT people
Joe B . Foster ( July 25 , 1934 - May 9 , 2020 ) is an American business person , oilman and philanthropist from Texas . From 1989 to 2005 , Foster was Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer of Newfield Exploration Company , headquartered in Houston . Previously , Foster was Chairman of Tenneco Oil Company and Executive Vice President and director of its parent , Tenneco Inc . They were with Tenneco for 31 years and also served as Chairman of the Tenneco Gas Pipeline Group .
Foster was born in Arp , Texas and attended Texas A & M University . They graduated in 1957 with a Bachelor of Science degree in petroleum engineering and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in general business . In May 1997 , they were named a Distinguished Alumnus of Texas A & M University . Foster served as Chairman of the National Petroleum Council , an industry advisory body to the U.S. Secretary of Energy , and in 1995–1996 served as Chairman of the Offshore Committee of the Independent Petroleum Association of America . They were a Director of Memorial Hermann Hospital System and has served as Chairman of the Houston Museum of Natural Science , the Greater Houston YMCA , and the Texas A & M Development Foundation . They also served on the Boards of Baker Hughes Incorporated and New Jersey Resources Corporation . Foster was chairperson and a senior advisor at Tudor , Pickering , and Holt 2008–2016 .
Career
In addition to their tenures at Newfield and Tenneco , Joe Foster 's corporate directorships include Baker Hughes , Inc. , McDermott International , Inc. , New Jersey Resources Corporation , Valero Energy , Dual Drilling , and Targa Resources , Inc. From February through August 2000 , Foster served as interim chairperson , president and chief executive officer of Baker Hughes Incorporated , while the company searched for a new chief executive . In 2001–2002 , Foster served as the Independent Trustee for a large portion of Texaco 's refining and marketing assets which were required to be divested in the course of the Chevron-Texaco merger .
Tenneco Oil
Foster was chairperson of Tenneco Oil Company and executive vice president and director of its parent , Tenneco Inc . They began with Tenneco as a Junior Petroleum Engineer in Oklahoma City in 1957 . After serving in several engineering positions in Lafayette , Louisiana while Tenneco was establishing its Gulf of Mexico operations , they became Chief of Planning and Economic Analysis for Tenneco Oil Exploration and Production in Houston in 1968 . They rose through the ranks of Tenneco Oil becoming its president in 1978 . In 1981 , they were named to the Board of Directors of Tenneco Inc. and assumed corporate level responsibility for all of Tenneco Inc. 's upstream , downstream , and gas pipeline businesses . They left Tenneco when its board elected to divest Tenneco Oil in 1988 .
Newfield Exploration
Joe B . Foster is the founder of Newfield Exploration Company , a Houston-based oil and gas exploration company . They served as chief executive officer until their retirement from active management in January 2000 , and remained as chairperson of its board until May 2005 . Foster founded Newfield in 1989 as a private start-up with $ 9 million of equity capital provided by himself , other employees , a group of Houston investors , and University of Texas Endowment funds . It became a public company in 1993 , and its recent market value was about $ 5 billion .
Tudor , Pickering , & Holt
Foster currently affiliated with the Tudor , Pickering , Holt & Co. investment banking firm , serving as Chairman of its TPH Partners private equity Fund I , and as a Senior Advisor to its Fund II . In addition , they participate as a non-operating partner in drilling oil and gas wells in the Gulf Coast area .
Philanthropy
They have served on several not-for-profit boards of directors , including the Houston Museum of Natural Science , Memorial Hermann Healthcare System , Houston Hospice , and the YMCA of Greater Houston . They have also served as Chairman of Houston A+ Challenge , ( formerly Houston Annenberg Challenge ) , an organization directed at improving public schools in the Houston area .
Community service
Chairman , Greater Houston YMCA , 1989–91
Chairman , Houston Museum of Natural Science , 1991
Chairman , Houston A+ Challenge , 2009-10
Director , Memorial Hermann Healthcare System , 1999–2006
Director , Houston Hospice
Texas A & M Foundation , Trustee , 1988–96 ; Chairman , 1993
Awards and recognition
Foster was named `` Entrepreneur of the Year '' in Houston 's Energy Sector in 1994 and an `` All American Wildcatter '' in 1995 . In 2004 , they were named a Gulf of Mexico `` Industry Pioneer '' by the Offshore Energy Center in Galveston , Texas , and has been named the Houston World Affairs Council 's 2006 Jones International Citizen of the Year .
Awards received
Houston Entrepreneur of the Year , Energy Sector , 1994
Distinguished Alumnus , Texas A & M , 1997
Spindletop Service Award , 2000
Mays College of Business , Outstanding Alumnus , 2001
Joe B . Foster Chair in Business Leadership , Mays Business School , 2004
Texas Business Hall of Fame , 2006
References
Sources
External links
Newfield Exploration Official Site
The Joe and Harriet Foster Family YMCA
Joe B . Foster Texas Aggie Profile Page
Interviews
1934 births
2020 deaths
American chief executives
20th-century American inventors
American chairpersons of corporations
Businesspeople from Houston
People from Arp , Texas
Texas A & M University alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
Enrique Serpa ( 15 July 1900 – 2 December 1968 ) was a Cuban writer , journalist and photographer born in Havana . Their first literary work was Felisa y yo .
They had a long and solid friendship with Ernest Hemingway , who praised their works .
Bibliography
The honey of the hours ( poetry ) , Havana , 1925 .
Fantoches , Chapter 9 , `` The crime of yesterday '' , Havana , 1933 .
Felisa and I , Havana , 1937 .
Contraband ( novel ) , Havana , 1938 ; Prol . by Denia García Ronda , 1975 .
Days of Trinidad , Álvarez-Pita Editions , Havana .
Vitrina , 1923-1925 ( verses ) , Havana , 1940 .
America at War , Havana , Arrow Press , 1944 .
Notes on the novel in the USSR , Havana , Publications of the Institute of the Cuban-Soviet Cultural Exchange , 1946 .
Presence of Spain , Havana , 1947 .
Party night , Havana , 1951 .
The trap ( novel ) , Buenos Aires , 1956 ; Havana , 1972 , 1974 .
illareñas Conference , Santa Clara , 1962 .
Shark fins ( prose notebooks , 2 ) , Havana , 1963 .
The heroic manigua , Cuban Letters , Havana , 1978 .
References
External links
Ernest Hemingway and Enrique Serpa : a propitious friendship . - Free Online Library
1900 births
1968 deaths
20th-century Cuban novelists
Cuban journalists
Ernest Hemingway
Thomas Krüger ( born 20 June 1959 ) is a German politician . They are the President of the Federal Agency for Civil Education ( since 2000 ) and the President of the German Children 's Fund ( since 1995 ) . They served as the final Governing Mayor of East Berlin in 1991 .
Biography
Thomas Krüger was born in Buttstädt , East Germany on 20 June 1959 . They served on the Bundestag from 1994 to 1998 and was the 7th and final Lord Mayor of East Berlin , serving in 1991 . In 2006 they received the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany . In 2008 they received the Cross of Merit from the Polish Ambassador to Germany at the time , Marek Prawda .
References
1959 births
Mayors of East Berlin
Members of the Bundestag for Berlin
Members of the Bundestag 1994–1998
People from Buttstädt
Living people
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Ericek is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 224 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
Camp Bartlett is a small , isolated , rural unincorporated community in Upper Ojai , Ventura County , California , United States . Six of the twelve cabins in the community , located east of the city of Ojai , burned down in the Thomas Fire in 2017 .
John Bartlett was an early owner of Rancho Ojai which they bought from Juan Camarillo in 1864 . They subdivided the grant lands , selling one third to John B . Church , and the remaining two thirds to John Wyeth in 1865 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Ventura County , California
Unincorporated communities in California
Daniel Arcas Aznar is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain .
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
( key )
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1990 births
Living people
Spanish motorcycle racers
Motorcycle racers from Catalonia
250cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Barcelona
Manya Hirshbeyn ( ; 22 February 1890–18 August 1944 ) , known primarily as Miriam Ulinover or Miryem Ulinover , was a Yiddish-language poet . They are regarded for their folkloristic style and for being one of few religious and Orthodox Jewish women poets of their time .
Personal life
Ulinover was born on 22 February 1890 in Łódź to parents Shimen and Sheyndl ( née Gerzon ) Hirshbeyn . Them parents divorced in 1905 . They spent some of their childhood with their maternal grandfather , Talmudic scholar Shaye Gerzon , in the shtetl Krzepice ( near modern-day Częstochowa , Poland ) . Ulinover , however , lived for the majority of their life in Łódź .
Writing career
Sholem Aleichem inspired Ulinover to start writing when they met them in Łódź in 1905 . Ulinover is known for writing folk poetry and is renowned for being one of few religiously observant Jewish women to write poetry .
Some of Ulinover 's poetry was featured in Ezra Korman 's 1928 collection of Yiddish women poetry titled Yidishe dikhterins ( ) .
In 1922 , Ulinover published their own book of poetry with the help of David Frischmann , titled Der bobes oytser ( ) .
Literary gatherings
Before the war , Ulinover started a salon , bringing other renowned Yiddish writers to their home . Some of their interlocutors included Chaim Leib Fox , Rikuda Potash , Mirl Erdberg-Shatan , Simkha-Bunim Shayevitsh , Yeshayahu Shpigl , Alter Shnur , Yerakhmiel Briks , and Yitskhok Goldkorn . After being interned in the Łódź Ghetto in 1940 , they continued to host their literary gatherings .
Death and legacy
On 18 August 1944 , Ulinover was deported to Auschwitz upon the Łódź Ghetto 's liquidation . They were gassed a few days later . While it is believed that they continued to write in the ghetto , many of their manuscripts are reported to have been lost during the Holocaust .
References
Yiddish-language poets
1890 births
1944 deaths
Auschwitz concentration camp prisoners
Łódź Ghetto inmates
Polish Jews who died in the Holocaust
Jewish Polish writers
Jewish women writers
20th-century Polish women writers
Polish women poets
Jewish poets
20th-century Polish poets
Writers from Łódź
David Osei Opoku ( born 31 January 1992 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Muaither SC .
Playing career
Youth and college
Opoku played for Achimota School in Accra , Ghana and trained with Chelsea FC in England before moving to the United States to play college football for the University of California , Santa Barbara . They spent 2 seasons with the UC Santa Barbara Gauchos men 's soccer team and was named the Big West Conference Freshman of the Year in 2010 in addition to being named to the 2010 All-Big West Second Team . They ended their career with the Gauchos with 15 goals and 7 assists .
Professional
After a few months of trials , Opoku signed a contract with Finnish Veikkausliiga club Myllykosken Pallo −47 in April 2012 . They played in 13 Veikkausliiga matches with the club , scoring no goals . They did score in their lone 2012–13 UEFA Europa League appearance on 12 July 2012 against Cefn Druids A.F.C .
Opoku was sent on loan to IF Gnistan , who play in the Finnish Kakkonen , in August 2012 to see out the remainder of their contract where they scored 7 goals in 10 matches .
They joined Iranian club Sanat Mes Kerman F.C . on a short-term deal in March 2014 and recorded one assist during their time with the club .
In Fall 2015 , they signed for Lebanese Premier League side Al Egtmaaey Tripoli .
They then joined rivals Tripoli SC the following year .
In the summer of 2017 , they signed with Qatar Stars League club Muaither SC .
International
David was called up to train with the Ghana national under-23 football team in June 2011 when they were still enrolled at UC Santa Barbara . They appeared in an exhibition against Deportivo FC and scored a goal . They were again called up to camp with the national team in October 2014 and made the trip to Nigeria to play against the Nigerian senior national team in a friendly played in honor of the opening of the Akwa Ibom international stadium . They made second half appearance in the game and nearly equalized .
Honours
Individual
Big West Conference Freshman of the Year : 2010
References
External links
David Opoku on HailooSport
UC Santa Barbara player profile
1992 births
Living people
Ghanaian footballers
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
UC Santa Barbara Gauchos men 's soccer players
Myllykosken Pallo −47 players
Sanat Mes Kerman F.C . players
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Muaither SC players
Association football forwards
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Iran
Veikkausliiga players
IF Gnistan players
Qatari Second Division players
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Lebanon
Expatriate footballers in Lebanon
Al Egtmaaey SC players
AC Tripoli players
Lebanese Premier League players
Kazem Sarikhani ( , 5 April 1978 – 10 October 2013 ) was an Iranian judoka . They competed in the Men 's 81 kg event at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
References
1978 births
2013 deaths
Iranian male judoka
Olympic judoka of Iran
Judoka at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in judo
Judoka at the 1998 Asian Games
Judoka at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Pseudogekko compresicorpus , also known as the Philippine false gecko or cylindrical-bodied smooth-scaled gecko is a species of geckos . It is endemic to the Philippines .
References
Pseudogekko
Reptiles described in 1915
Reptiles of the Philippines
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Innu Nation of Matimekush-Lac John ( or La Nation Innu Matimekush-Lac John in French ) is a First Nation band government based out of Schefferville , Quebec , Canada . The members of the band are Innu people and speak the Innu language , an Algonquian language which is a member of the Cree–Montagnais–Naskapi dialect continuum .
Location
Schefferville is in northern Quebec less than from the border with Labrador . It is located within the Caniapiscau Regional County Municipality in the Côte-Nord ( or North Coast ) region of Quebec . The Nation controls two Indian reserves : Matimekosh 3 is a enclave in the center of the Town of Schefferville ; and Lac-John is located about north of Schefferville . Schefferville , and hence the reserves , is not connected to the North American highway system . The community is accessible via air through Schefferville Airport or via rail on Tshiuetin Rail Transportation which is partially owned by the band .
Population
, the Nation had a registered population of 1,038 people with 851 people living on the two reserves . For Statistics Canada 's 2016 Canadian Census , Matimekosh had 613 residents up 13.5 % from 540 residents found in the 2011 Canadian Census . Lac-John had 33 residents in 2016 up 57.1 % from 21 in 2011 . In the 2016 Census , 94.6 % of the band spoke an Indigenous language at home with 86.8 % first learned an Indigenous language . 7.0 % can speak only English , 54.3 % can speak only French , 27.9 % can speak both , while 10.9 % can not speak either official language .
Governance
The Nation has a five member council with a chief and four councilors . For the 2019–2022 tenure , Réal McKenzie is the chief .
References
External links
First Nations in Quebec
First Nations governments
Innu
Ricardo Mena ( born 22 December 1971 ) is a Paraguayan former professional tennis player .
Mena , who had the best singles world ranking of 279 , played Davis Cup for Paraguay from 1990 to 1998 , then appeared in further ties in 2003 and 2008 . During their Davis Cup career they won a total of 19 rubbers for their country . They also played collegiate tennis for Flagler College in Florida , where they were a three-time NAIA All-American .
ATP Challenger finals
Doubles : 1 ( 0–1 )
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Paraguayan male tennis players
Flagler College alumni
College men 's tennis players in the United States
Tennis players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Paraguay
21st-century Paraguayan people
20th-century Paraguayan people
Manja may refer to :
Places
Manja , India , a town in India
Manja , Jordan , a town in Jordan
Manja , Madagascar , a town in Madagascar
Manja District , a district in Madagascar
People
Manja Kowalski ( born 1976 ) , German rower
Manja Smits ( harpist ) , Dutch harpist and 1993 winner of the Nederlandse Muziekprijs
Manja Smits ( politician ) ( born 1985 ) , Dutch politician
Other uses
Manja ( kite ) , the glass powder coated kite flying and fighting string
Manja ( magazine ) , a Singaporean magazine
Manja ( film ) , a 2014 film
Manja ( novel ) , a 1938 novel by Anna Gmeyner
See also
Mandja ( disambiguation )
Manjaa , a woven bed
Hamzeh Kanlu ( , also Romanized as Ḩamzeh Kānlū ; also known as Ḩamzeh Kānlū-ye Bālā and Ḩamzeh Kānlū-ye ‘ Olyā ) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District , Bajgiran District , Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 92 , in 23 families .
References
Populated places in Quchan County
The Alchemist , HWV 43 , is incidental music used for the revival of Ben Jonson 's play The Alchemist at the Queen 's Theatre , London on 14 January 1710 . The work is an arrangement , by an anonymous composer , of music written by George Frideric Handel .
All but one of the movements were taken from the extended overture to Handel 's first Italian opera Rodrigo . The overture introduced the play and the other movements were used to fill the gaps between acts .
The incidental music was published in full a few months after the first performance ; however , it is unlikely that Handel received any payment for either the performance or publication of the music . It is likely that the work was the first of Handel 's music to be performed in England .
A typical performance takes almost 15 minutes .
Movements
The work has the following movements :
Compositions by George Frideric Handel
Incidental music
1710 compositions
Adaptations of works by Ben Jonson
Two human polls comprised the 1973 National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I football rankings . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies . There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll .
Legend
AP Poll
Final Coaches ' poll
This was the last season in which the final UPI Coaches Poll was released prior to the bowl games , in early December .
Alabama received 21 of the 34 first-place votes ; Oklahoma received nine , Ohio State two , Notre Dame one , and Michigan one .
Source :
Prior to the 1975 season , the Big Ten and Pac-8 conferences allowed only one postseason participant each , for the Rose Bowl .
References
College football rankings
Precious Blood Church of Holyoke , Massachusetts , burned on May 27 , 1875 , killing 78 people . There was a crush of people through the entrance at the back left and many people could not leave . It is one of the deadliest fires in American history , and was also known by newspapers domestic and foreign as `` The Holyoke Disaster '' .
Event
The fire started at the front of the church as a candle flame ignited a curtain .
Panic caused people to rush from the upper levels to a front door . The door was made to open inward only , so many were trapped against the door . Reverend Andre Dufresne was the parish priest . They tried to calm the people and direct them as much as possible .
Location
The wooden church had been built in 1870 and was replaced in 1876 by a brick church . There is a monument for the dead at the church cemetery . The parish priest was also reburied there .
The church complex is located on the city block formed by Cabot , South East , Clemente , and Hamilton Streets . Only the convent and rectory remain today since the brick church and school were dismantled . The Park Street School was located on the other side of Hamilton Street between Park and South East Streets . The school was used as a temporary morgue for the fire victims . The cemetery is on Willimansett Street Extension near the intersection of Routes 33 and 202 in South Hadley . The black memorial is in the center of the cemetery and the priest are buried behind that . The event and its aftermath were also later depicted in some detail in the Franco-American novel Mirbah by Emma Port-Joli Dumas , originally published in Holyoke 's La Justice .
Fatalities
A list of the dead is given below by first and last name and then age . Many were buried in a common grave on May 29 at the Precious Blood Cemetery in South Hadley . All were French Canadians .
The names have been taken directly from the monument . The list on the monument was compiled from from the Holyoke Deaths Register and from various newspaper articles . Some French names may have been recorded incorrectly due to the use of English rather than French spelling conventions .
Notes
References
External links
History of Holyoke , Massachusetts
1875 disasters in the United States
1875 in Massachusetts
Fires in Massachusetts
French-Canadian American history
May 1875 events
Biliran Airport ( , , ) is an airport serving the general area of the island of Biliran , located in the province of Biliran in the Philippines . There was only one airline flying this route from Cebu to Naval 5x weekly ; Air Juan , until they went bankrupt in 2020 .
The Biliran airport was constructed in the 1970s as an adjunct of the Busali Ranch , believed to have been acquired by the administration of then President Ferdinand Marcos .
Airlines and destinations
References
External links
Biliran Island
Airports in the Philippines
Buildings and structures in Biliran
Transportation in the Visayas
Senator Emmons may refer to :
Benjamin Emmons ( 1777–1843 ) , Missouri State Senate
Carlos Emmons ( politician ) ( 1799–1875 ) , New York State Senate
Joanne G. Emmons ( born 1934 ) , Michigan State Senate
Judy Emmons ( fl . 2000s–2010s ) , Michigan State Senate
Lyman W. Emmons ( 1885–1955 ) , Illinois State Senate
Steve Ressel ( born October 12 , 1967 ) is an American comic book artist , animator , storyboard artist , producer and director . Steve directed animated series such as Invader Zim , The Wild Thornberrys , Duckman , Stressed Eric , God , the Devil and Bob , Rugrats and others . Ressel directed and produced the entire run of Invader Zim .
After Invader Zim they went on to develop their own ideas . `` Trubble Bub '' , a CGI children 's program focusing on problem-solving and behavior , was animated as a pilot . It was scripted and designed for a direct-to-DVD project but never got off the ground .
Writing and comics
They reside in Clifford , North Dakota , writing screenplays , novels , non-fictions , and their comic book , `` The Lost Boys '' .
Steve is currently writing trance , pop , rock , ballads , and country music .
Bibliography
Animation : The Inner Workings ( 2010 ) Textbook .
State of One ( 2010 ) Novel .
Classy Drinks For The Noob ( 2010 ) Non-fiction .
Ugly Girl ( 2010 ) Novella .
The Lost Boys ( 2010 ) Compilation .
Perverted Communion ( 2010 ) Novel .
Rise Again , Ugly Girl ( 2011 ) Novel .
Breaking Hooke ( 2011 ) Novella .
Return , Ugly Girl ( 2011 ) Novel .
The Complete Ugly Girl ( 2011 ) Compilation .
Mud World ( 2013 ) Gonzo Noir Anthology .
Animation Reference ( 2013 ) Private reference textbook .
Spikey-Sparkle 's Singular Sacrosanct Sojourn ( 2015 ) Young fiction - Illustrated .
The Lost Boys : NutsHell ( 2016 ) Graphic novel .
The Lost Boys Threads , Knots , Snarls & Snobs ( 2016 ) 500pp . comic digest .
The Stories in Between : A Between Books Anthology ( 2010 ) 4-page comic capping the anthology .
Filmography
Rocko 's Modern Life ( 1993 ) Storyboard Clean-up . Various episodes .
WildC.A.T.S . ( 1994 ) Storyboards . Various episodes .
Aaahh ! ! ! Real Monsters ( 1995 ) Storyboards . Various episodes .
Duckman ( 1995 ) Director & Storyboards . Various episodes .
Santo Bugito ( 1996 ) Storyboards . Various episodes .
Jumanji ( 1996 ) Director . Various episodes , created opening sequence .
Stressed Eric ( 1997 ) Director . Two episodes .
Wild Thornberries ( 1998 ) Director . Eight episodes .
Rugrats ( 1999 ) Director . Various episodes .
Rocket Power ( 1999 ) Director . Various episodes .
God , The Devil and Bob ( 1999 ) Director . Three episodes .
Invader Zim ( 2001 ) Producer & Director . All episodes except for the 1999 pilot .
Trubble Bub ( 2004 ) Creator , Writer , Producer , Director , Voices , Boards , Designs , Timing .
Awards
29th Annual Annie Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement for Storyboarding in an Animated Television Production .
2001 World Animation Celebration for Best Title Sequence . Invader Zim
References
External links
Living people
1967 births
Annie Award winners
American animators
American comics artists
American comics writers
American storyboard artists
American illustrators
American television directors
American television producers
American animated film directors
American animated film producers
American male screenwriters
American male television writers
American television writers
American publishers ( people )
Musicians from Delaware
Screenwriters from Delaware
People from Traill County , North Dakota
Screenwriters from North Dakota
Musicians from North Dakota
John Burton Phillips ( 19 November 1933 – 18 October 2017 ) was an English cricketer . They played in a total of 32 first-class cricket matches between 1955 and 1957 .
Phillips was born at Canterbury in Kent and educated at The King 's School , Canterbury before going up to St Edmund Hall , Oxford in 1955 . A tall fast bowler , they took 170 wickets as a schoolboy and played for at Lord 's for the Public Schools in 1952 , their final year at school . They were also a chorister at Canterbury Cathedral whilst at school .
They made their first-class debut for Oxford University in 1955 , winning a Blue the same year . They played four matches for Kent County Cricket Club the same season . Phillips played for the University side in the following two seasons , although they did not win another Blue , as well as appearing for Kent 's Second XI . They took a total of 72 first-class wickets with their only first-class five-wicket haul coming for Oxford against MCC at Lord 's .
After leaving university , Phillips played club cricket for St Lawrence in Kent before moving to Banbury in Oxfordshire where they played for Banbury Cricket Club as well as captaining the town 's rugby union club . They worked for Alcan , an aluminium company , and rose to become the company 's personnel director . Phillips died at Banbury in 2017 aged 83 .
References
1933 births
2017 deaths
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
Sportspeople from Canterbury
Oxford University cricketers
Alumni of St Edmund Hall , Oxford
People educated at The King 's School , Canterbury
Coqueiro Baixo is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil .
References
Municipalities in Rio Grande do Sul
Atta Muhammad Nur ( also spelled Ata Mohammed Noor ; ; born 1964 ) is an Afghan exiled politician and former militant who served as the Governor of Balkh Province in Afghanistan from 2004 to January 25 , 2018 . An ethnic Tajik , they worked to educate the Mujahideen after the 1979 Soviet invasion of Afghanistan , gaining the nickname `` The Teacher '' . They then became a mujahideen resistance commander for the Jamiat-e Islami against the Soviets .
When the Taliban government took power in late 1996 , Noor served as a commander in the United Front ( Northern Alliance ) under Ahmad Shah Massoud against the Taliban . They led operations in the Balkh area . In 2004 , President Hamid Karzai appointed them as the governor of Balkh province . They have been described by The Economist as being `` immensely wealthy . '' They were removed from the position of Provincial Governor by President Ashraf Ghani in January 2018 .
During the 2021 Taliban offensive , Nur , along with Abdul Rashid Dostum , fled Mazar-e-Sharif to Uzbekistan in August 2021 .
Mujahideen and Northern Alliance
Born in Balkh province , Atta Mohammed joined the mujahideen fighting the Soviet presence in Afghanistan in the 1980s and became affiliated with the Jamiat-e Islami party . By 1992 , they had become one of the most powerful Mujahideen commanders in Northern Afghanistan .
Following the fall of Mohammed Najibullah 's Democratic Republic of Afghanistan , while remaining a Jamiat commander , they also joined Abdul Rashid Dostum 's National Islamic Movement of Afghanistan , becoming a deputy leader of that movement during its first congress on June 1 , 1992 . However , ideological differences with Dostum soon emerged , and in 1993 , they split from Dostum . In January 1994 , Atta Noor fought to consolidate the Islamic State of Afghanistan 's control over the capital of Balkh , Mazar-i-Sharif , against Dostum 's Junbish militia . But Dostum struck first , mobilizing 10,000 men and defeating Atta 's forces .
When the Taliban took power in late 1997 , Atta Noor served as a commander in the anti-Taliban United Front ( Northern Alliance ) under Ahmad Shah Massoud . Atta Noor led operations in the Balkh area . Dostum had turned into an ally against the Taliban . On November 9 , 2001 , Atta Noor 's forces and those of Dostum drove the Taliban from Mazar-i-Sharif .
Islamic Republic
After the establishment of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan under the Hamid Karzai administration , Ustad Atta 's forces clashed with those of Dostum several times . From 2002 onwards , with the support of Jamiat-e Islami allies occupying key positions in the Afghan Transitional Administration and the support of the international community which tried to marginalize Dostum for their dubious record , Atta Noor expanded their influence in Northern Afghanistan . They managed to seize Mazar-i-Sharif using little force , only the Khulmi District was taken by force . Atta subsequently attempted to buy the loyalty of local leaders in Faryab , Jowzjan , and Balkh provinces . In October 2003 , Dostum launched an offensive , and managed to retake many of the positions they had lost since 2002 . Near Mazar , Dostum outmanoeuvred Atta 's armoured forces , and captured all the key positions around the city . The fighting initiated by Dostum around Mazar involved tanks and artillery , and resulted in the death of approximately 60 people . Both Dostum and Atta were , however , coming under increasing pressure from the international community and the central government in Kabul to stop the fighting . Atta and Dostum worked out a power-sharing agreement in which Dostum conceded Mazar and most of Balkh province to Atta , who in turn renounced their intention of contesting Dostum 's influence elsewhere in Northern Afghanistan .
Noor has married once and has five sons and two daughters . Their eldest son , Khalid Noor , graduated from Royal Military Academy Sandhurst of London in 2014 . Tariq Noor is studying Public Administration at the American University in Dubai . Their other children are Belal Noor , Suhaib Noor , and Seyar Noor .
Governor of Balkh province
In late 2004 , Atta was appointed governor of Balkh Province by Hamid Karzai . By installing commanders with whom they had fought in the 1980s and 1990s in local government positions , thus turning them away from destabilizing activities , they created a loyal and disciplined local administration . As a result , they acquired a monopoly on violence , and achieved relative security and stability even in the most remote districts , at the cost of authoritarian methods . The security in Balkh Province permitted significant reconstruction and the development of considerable economic activity . Atta Noor is credited for maintaining political control and economic development and security for Balkh province including its largest city , Mazar-i-Sharif . Atta 's opium poppy eradication program between 2005 and 2007 , advised by consultants from Adam Smith International , successfully reduced poppy cultivation in Balkh Province from 7,200 hectares in 2005 to zero by 2007 .
Governor Atta Mohammad Noor supported Karzai 's main challenger , Abdullah Abdullah , in the August 2009 presidential election .
Atta Mohammad Noor , is widely recognized as the main source of political power in the Province , and has exercised a high degree of control over politics in Balkh . They have used that influence to grow rich through business deals during their time in power . No meaningful business in the Province is transacted without their approval and major real estate in the provincial capital , Mazar-e Sharif , is in the hands of companies Atta owns or controls . They are a key player in the transport industry in Afghanistan 's north , including the development of the rail line from Uzbekistan to Mazar-e Sharif . Having transplanted their militia leaders into powerful positions throughout the provincial administration , they maintain a monopoly over violence as well as control over illicit activity . Atta exercises near-complete control over the security organizations and political operations of the Province .
Nationally , the Province 's administration was well regarded . Consequently , it received additional funding and positions through the civil service priority restructuring program and some payments from the Ministry of Counter-Narcotics through the U.S.-funded Good Performance Initiative . Historically , their local political strategy has been to dominate the Province using informal power , rules , and networks . Their reputation as a strongman who does n't tolerate opposition in any form has made them very influential in the area . While their power base does not lend itself to a rule based democracy , given Afghanistan 's history of weak central power and its limited resources , the form of governance represented by Atta may be the best compromise at present in Afghanistan .
Opponents of Atta view them as a corrupt power figure whose loyalty from the populace is motivated more by fear than adoration . The President appoints the country 's 34 governors , but many believed that President Karzai was too weak to remove Governor Atta . Karzai 's opposition raised concerns of violence and rebellion from the populace if the central government were to attempt to reign in Atta 's power . Governor Atta Mohammad Noor themselves boldly asserts that they will decide whether they remain governor of Balkh Province , not Kabul . Indeed , in 2014 the current Afghan president , Ashraf Ghani , fired all 34 Afghan provincial governors , but Atta repeatedly refused to give up the role . They were removed from the position of Provincial Governor by President Ashraf Ghani in January 2018 .
Although largely supported by the U.S. , Atta has publicly spoken out against the U.S. exit strategy from Afghanistan . Atta is vehemently opposed to bringing the Taliban back into negotiations and opposes reconciliation with their former archenemies . Additionally , Atta does not support any permanent American bases in Afghanistan , and reiterates their regional loyalty . Speculation exists that Atta 's colorful rhetoric may be linked to the possibility of them running for president , or at the least seeking the leadership of their local political party .
They and Dostum fled across the Amu Darya when the Taliban advanced on to Mazar-i-Sharif on August 14 , 2021 . In October 2021 , Atta , Dostum , and others including Yunus Qanuni and Abdul Rasul Sayyaf formed the Supreme Council of National Resistance of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan in opposition to the new Taliban regime .
References
Further reading
Mukhopadhyay , Dipali . `` Disguised warlordism and combatanthood in Balkh : the persistence of informal power in the formal Afghan state . '' Conflict , Security & Development 9 , no . 4 ( 2009 ) : 535–564 .
External links
Ustad Atta Mohammad Noor visits elementary school in Seattle
Mujahideen members of the Soviet–Afghan War
Governors of Balkh Province
Living people
Afghan Tajik people
Jamiat-e Islami politicians
People from Balkh Province
1965 births
Calypso is a genus of orchids containing one species , Calypso bulbosa , known as the calypso orchid , fairy slipper or Venus 's slipper . It is a perennial member of the orchid family found in undisturbed northern and montane forests . It has a small pink , purple , pinkish-purple , or red flower accented with a white lip , darker purple spottings , and yellow beard . The genus Calypso takes its name from the Greek signifying concealment , as they tend to favor sheltered areas on conifer forest floors . The specific epithet , bulbosa , refers to the bulb-like corms .
Description
Calypso bulbosa is a deciduous , perennial , herbaceous tuberous geophyte with a round , egg-shaped tuber as a perennial organ . It is encased in dead leaf sheaths and has elongated roots . Calypso orchids are typically 8 to 20 cm in height . At the bottom there is only a single leaf , which is stalked up to about 7 cm long . The leaves are whole eliptical lanceolate to egg-shaped blade is up to 6 cm long and up to 5 cm wide .
Plant blooms with a purple-pink hermaphroditic , zygomorphic and threefold flower . The protruding petals and sepals are pink to purple in color , about 10 to 12 millimeters long and about 2 to 4 millimeters wide . The lip ( labellum ) is white to pink with pink or yellow spots . It has a wide , shoe-shaped cavity in the back and is about 15 to 25 millimeters long . A spur is absent . They do not bloom until May and June usually after snow melt . Each bulb lives no more than five years .
Taxonomy and systematics
The chromosomes count is 2n = 28 . Since the orchid seed does not provide any nutrient tissue , germination only takes place when infected by a Mycorrhizal root fungus .
Taxonomy
The generic name Calypso , which is still valid today . was described in 1806 by the English gardener Richard Anthony Salisbury ( 1761-1829 ) in the work `` Paradisus Londinensis '' , which Salisbury with the then director of the Royal Botanic Gardens in London , William Jackson Hooker ( 1785-1865 ) , published . Carl von Linné originally assigned the Calypso bulbosa to the genus Cypripedium in 1753 . But Calypso and Cypripedium now belong to two different subfamilies .
The following generic names have been published as synonyms :
Cytherea ( 1812 )
Orchidium ( 1814 )
Calypsodium ( 1829 )
Norna ( 1833 )
The valid botanical species name of the Calypso orchid is : Calypso bulbosa .
The Basionym Cypripedium bulbosum was described by Linné in `` Species Plantarum '' .
The species names listed here are used as synonyms :
Varieties
Four natural varieties and one nothovariety ( variety of hybrid origin but established in the wild ) are recognized :
Distribution and ecology
This species ' range is circumpolar , and includes California , the Rocky Mountain states and most of the most northerly states of the United States ; most of Canada ; Scandinavia much of European and Asiatic Russia ; China , Mongolia , Korea and Japan—see external links for map . It is found in subarctic swamps and marshes as well as shady places subarctic coniferous forests .
Although the calypso orchid 's distribution is wide , it is very susceptible to disturbance , and is therefore classified as threatened or endangered in several U. S. states and in Sweden and Finland . It does not transplant well owing to its mycorrhizal dependence on specific soil fungi . The corms have been used as a food source by North American native peoples . The Nlaka'pamux of British Columbia used it as a treatment for mild epilepsy .
At least near Banff , Alberta , the calypso orchid is pollinated by bumble bees ( Bombus ( Pyrobombus ) and B. Psithyrus ) . It relies on `` pollination by deception '' , as it attracts insects to anther-like yellow hairs at the entrance to the pouch and forked nectary-like structures at the end of the pouch but produces no nectar that would nourish them . Insects quickly learn not to revisit it . Avoiding such recognition may account for some of the small variation in the flower 's appearance .
References
External links
Map of distribution
Jepson Manual treatment of the species
Wild orchid of Japan
Orchids of the United States
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Orchids of Canada
Orchids of Europe
Orchids of Asia
Orchids of Russia
Orchids of China
Calypsoinae
Plants used in Native American cuisine
Plants used in traditional Native American medicine
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Moscow Time ( MSK , ) is the time zone for the city of Moscow , Russia , and most of western Russia , including Saint Petersburg . It is the second-westernmost of the eleven time zones of Russia . It has been set to UTC+03:00 without DST since 26 October 2014 ; before that date it had been set to UTC+04:00 year-round on 27 March 2011 .
Moscow Time is used to schedule trains , ships , etc . throughout Russia , but airplane travel is scheduled using local time . Times in Russia are often announced throughout the country on radio stations as Moscow Time , which is also registered in telegrams , etc . Descriptions of time zones in Russia are often based on Moscow Time rather than UTC . For example , Yakutsk ( UTC+09:00 ) is said to be MSK+6 in Russia .
History
Until the October Revolution , the official time in Moscow corresponded to GMT+02:30:17 ( according to the longitude of the Astronomical Observatory of Moscow State University ) . In 1919 the Council of People 's Commissars of the RSFSR introduced the system of time zones in the country , while Moscow was assigned to the second administrative time zone , the time of which should correspond to GMT+02:00 . Other zones east of the 37.5° meridian to Arkhangelsk , Vologda , Yaroslavl , Kostroma , Ivanovo , Vladimir , Ryazan , Tula , Lipetsk , Voronezh and Rostov-on-Don were also included in the second belt .
In accordance with the 16 June 1930 Decree of the Council of People 's Commissars , the Decree Time was introduced by adding one hour to the time in each time zone of the USSR , so that Moscow Time became three hours ahead of Universal Time .
Until 2011 , during the winter , between the last Sunday of October and the last Sunday of March , Moscow Standard Time ( MSK , МСК ) was three hours ahead of UTC , or UTC+03:00 ; during the summer , Moscow Time shifted forward an additional hour ahead of Moscow Standard Time to become Moscow Summer Time ( MSD ) , making it UTC+04:00 .
In 2011 , the Russian government proclaimed that daylight saving time would in future be observed all year round , thus effectively displacing standard time—an action which the government claimed emerged from health concerns attributed to the annual shift back-and-forth between standard time and daylight saving time . On 27 March 2011 , Muscovites set their clocks forward for a final time , effectively observing MSD , or UTC+04:00 , permanently .
On 29 March 2014 , after the annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation , the Republic of Crimea and the city of Sevastopol—two federal subjects established by Russia on the Crimean Peninsula—switched their time to MSK on 30 March 2014 ( from UTC+02:00 with DST to UTC+04:00 with permanent DST ) and then when permanent DST in Russia was removed on 26 October 2014 the time became UTC+03:00 without DST all year .
On 1 July 2014 , the State Duma passed a bill partially repealing the 2011 change , putting Moscow Time on permanent UTC+03:00 and thus back to standard time .
Usage
Most of the European part of Russia ( west of the Ural Mountains ) uses Moscow Time . In Kaliningrad Oblast , Kaliningrad time ( UTC+02:00 ) is used . Samara Oblast and Udmurtia use Samara time ( UTC+04:00 ) and Perm Krai , Bashkortostan and Orenburg Oblast use Yekaterinburg time ( UTC+05:00 ) . In the Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol , disputed regions of Crimea between Russia and Ukraine , the Moscow Time is also observed , as well as in the separatist territories of the Donetsk People 's Republic and Luhansk People 's Republic , which since 2014 control part of the Ukrainian Donetsk Oblast and Luhansk Oblast .
Past usage
Prior to 26 October 2014 , Moscow Time was UTC+03:00 . Daylight saving time was used in the summer , advancing it to UTC+04:00 .
UTC+03:00 was also formerly used in European parts of what was then the USSR :
Estonia , in 1940–1941 and 1944-1989
Latvia , in 1940–1941 and 1944-1989
Lithuania , in 1940–1941 and 1944-1989
Kaliningrad Oblast ( Russia ) , in 1946–1989
Moldova , in 1944-1990
Ukraine , in 1930–1941 and 1943-1990
Samara Oblast ( Russia ) , in 1989–1991 and again from 2010–2011 .
Belarus , in 1930–1941 , 1944-1991 and again from 2014–present .
Crimea , in 1930–1941 , 1944-1990 , 1994-1997 and again from 2014–present .
Moscow Summer Time ( UTC+04:00 ) , was first applied in 1981 and was used :
until 1989 in Estonia , Kaliningrad Oblast , Latvia and Lithuania
until 1990 in Moldova and Ukraine
until 1991 in Belarus
between 1989 and 1991 and in 2010 in Samara Oblast .
In 1922–1930 and 1991–1992 , Moscow observed Eastern European Time ( UTC+02:00 ) . Daylight saving time ( UTC+03:00 ) was observed in the summer of 1991 , and the city and region reverted to UTC+03:00 by the summer of 1992 .
The time in Moscow has been as follows ( the following list of DST usage may not be accurate ) :
Anomalies
Since political , in addition to purely geographical , criteria are used in the drawing of time zones , it follows that time zones do not precisely adhere to meridian lines . The MSK ( UTC+03:00 ) time zone , were it drawn by purely geographical terms , would consist of exactly the area between meridians 37°30 ' E and 52°30 ' E. As a result , there are European locales that despite lying in an area with a `` physical '' UTC+03:00 time , are in another time zone ; likewise , there are European areas that have gone for UTC+03:00 , even though their `` physical '' time zone is different from that . Following is a list of such anomalies :
Areas located outside UTC+03:00 longitudes using Moscow Time ( UTC+03:00 ) time
Areas west of 37°30 ' E ( `` physical UTC+02:00 ) that use UTC+03:00
The entirety of Belarus with 23°10 ' E as the westernmost point where MSK is used
Western Russia , including Saint Petersburg , half of Moscow and Crimea
Areas between 52°30 ' E and 67°30 ' E ( `` physical '' UTC+04:00 ) that use UTC+03:00
Russia , including most of Franz Josef Land , Yuzhny Island , most of Severny Island with an exception to the very east , and some parts of the Russian mainland ( Komi Republic , Nenets Autonomous Okrug , east of Kirov Oblast and Tatarstan )
Areas east of 67°30 ' E ( `` physical '' UTC+05:00 ) that use UTC+03:00
The very east of Severny Island in Russia with 69°2 ' E as the easternmost point where MSK is used
Areas located within UTC+03:00 longitudes ( 37°30 ' E – 52°30 ' E ) using other time zones
Areas that use UTC+02:00
Eastern parts of Ukraine
Areas that use UTC+04:00
Georgia with an exception of Abkhazia and South Ossetia
Armenia
Azerbaijan
The Russian Oblasts of Astrakhan , Samara , Saratov and Ulyanovsk with an exception to the very east
Western half of the Russian Republic of Udmurtia
Areas that use UTC+05:00
The western tip of Perm Krai in Russia , and the western parts of the Orenburg Oblast in Russia
See also
East Africa Time , also in UTC+03:00
Time in Russia
Notes
External links
Current time in Moscow
Time zones
Time in Russia
Joseph Patrick Delaney ( March 25 , 1917 – December 17 , 2002 ) was an American football tackle . They played college football for Holy Cross , being named All-American as a senior , and was selected in the 5th round ( 36th overall ) of the 1939 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears . They later played minor league football with the Providence Steam Roller , Worcester Panthers , and Hartford Blues .
Early life and education
Delaney was born on March 25 , 1917 , in Providence , Rhode Island , and grew up there . They attended La Salle Academy in Providence , playing tackle on their football team and pitcher on their baseball team . After graduating , Detroit baseball scouts told him , `` Cut out football . If you do n't , it 'll cut you out—your fast ball will disappear as those back shoulder muscles contract . '' They listened , and then enrolled at College of the Holy Cross .
When Holy Cross football coach Eddie Anderson met Delaney and was told what the baseball scouts said , they replied , `` Who says football will spoil your arm ? Anyhow , you 're so big I doubt anything can happen to you . '' They ended up playing both sports , with the college 's football and baseball teams . As a senior in football , they were a first-team All-America selection by The New York Sun . As a senior in baseball , they finished the season winning six out of the final seven games .
In a game against Temple , Delaney , playing on the defensive line , broke through the offensive line into the backfield so many times that opposing coach Fred H. Swan sent them a Temple jersey to wear after the first half ended .
They were a member of the 1938 College All-Star team that played the Philadelphia Eagles in a preseason exhibition game .
Professional career
After finishing they senior season , Delaney was selected in the 5th round ( 36th overall ) of the 1939 NFL Draft by the Chicago Bears . They did not play with Chicago , and instead was a member of the minor league Providence Steamroller , appearing in seven games during the 1940 season . They finished their career following the 1942 season , in which , they played for the independent Worcester Panthers and Hartford Blues .
Death
Delaney died on December 17 , 2002 , at the age of 85 .
References
1917 births
2002 deaths
Players of American football from Providence , Rhode Island
American football tackles
Holy Cross Crusaders football players
Holy Cross Crusaders baseball players
Baseball players from Rhode Island
Chicago Bears players
Scaevola pilosa , commonly known as the hairy fan-flower , is a perennial herb in the family Goodeniaceae . It is endemic to the southwest of Western Australia .
Description
Scaevola pilosa is an ascending to decumbent herb which grows to a height of 70 cm . It is hairy , with simple hairs to 1 mm long at 90° , together with minute , simple hairs and minute , glandular hairs . The lower leaves are toothed near the apex and ar 1.5–7.5 cm long by 0.5–3 cm wide . The upper leaves are smaller and stalkless . The inflorescence is a raceme about 50 cm long . The bracts are leafy . The stalk of the inflorescence is 2–6 cm long . The sepals are up to 2 mm long and free . The blue to mauve corolla is 10–25 mm long , with not appressed , white hairs on the outside , and is bearded on the inside . The fruit is ellipsoidal , about 5 mm long , and hairy .
It flowers in the months from September to December .
Distribution
It is found in the IBRA regions of Geraldton Sandplains , the Swan Coastal Plain and the Jarrah Forest .
Taxonomy
The species was formally described in 1837 by English botanist George Bentham . The specific epithet , pilosa , derives from the Latin , pilus , `` hair '' and is used in Botanical Latin to describe the plant as being `` covered with long soft distinct hairs ''
References
pilosa
Eudicots of Western Australia
Asterales of Australia
Taxa named by George Bentham
Plants described in 1837
Pierre Fontaine may refer to :
Pierre Fontaine ( composer ) ( c.1380 – c.1450 ) , French composer of the Burgundian school
Peter Fontaine ( born Pierre Fontaine ; 1691–1757 ) , Virginia clergyman
Pierre François Léonard Fontaine ( 1762–1853 ) , neoclassical French architect
Pierre Fontaine , former leader of the Communist Party of Quebec
Flavio Costantini ( 21 September 1926 – 20 May 2013 ) was an Italian artist . Costantini created portraits of writers and artists for newspapers , and illustrated several novels . Their early works were inspired by the novelist Franz Kafka , and by literary , utopian and anarchist ideals . Their later work presented a pessimistic view of civilization . They created series of paintings exploring historical themes : Anarchy , the wreck of the Titanic , alchemy and Mozart , the French Revolution and its victims , Yekaterinburg and the murder of Nicholas II and their family . Their last series offered a dark reading of Pinocchio , which they considered one of the three or four greatest Italian novels .
Biography
Early life
In September 1926 they were born in Rome to middle-class parents , and their father was an amateur painter . As a child , they were crafty , and kept a diary accompanied with newspaper cut-outs , collages , photos and drawings . At a renowned Roman high school , they failed French and Latin .
World War II
Costantini 's experiences during World War II led their focus to the suffering and meaninglessness of the world ; it was at this time , too , that they became interested in utopianism . They graduated as sea captain , served in the Italian Navy , and 1951 to 1954 was employed in the Merchant Marine . They moved with their family to Rapallo and in 1959 , after a visit to Spain , devoted a series of paintings to bullfighting . They were a member of the artists ' group that founded the Galleria del Deposito in Boccadasse , Genoa . Other members were Eugenio Carmi , Emanuele Luzzati , Carlo Vita , etc . A collector of old illustrated magazines , they used this material to create in their Rapallo home and studio paintings and portraits , which typically include period pieces and advertisements . They often depicted scenes in Genoa ( squares , shops , buildings , boats ) , contrasting the old and the new . Philip Levine 's poem `` On a Drawing by Flavio '' , describes Costantini 's stark portrait of the Rabbi of Auschwitz , who `` bows their head and prays / for us all '' . Costantini died in Genoa after a short illness . A memorial meeting , with talks by friends and critics , was held on 12 June 2013 at the Museo Luzzati , Genoa , which holds a number of their works .
Inspiration
They first experimented with illustration after their time spent in the Italian navy doing drawings of Kafka 's work . `` His earliest ventures into art were motivated more by intellectual frustration than by artistic masters . ' I started to draw because I read the Kafka books… it was impossible to write like Kafka , so I began to draw ' . Other writers followed , but it was the human condition as portrayed by Kafka that was to remain the dominant influence in Costantini 's world . '' But it was n't until the 1960s when they read Victor Serge 's Memoires of a Revolutionary that they began to champion anarchism through their works .
Novels illustrated
The Pony by Vladimir Mayakovsky ( 1969 , reprint 2006 )
Heart by Edmondo De Amicis ( 1977 )
The Shadow Line by Joseph Conrad ( 1989 )
Notes from Underground by Fyodor Dostoyevsky ( 1997 )
See also
Anarchist art
References
External links
Gallery at the Kate Sharpley Library
Christy Books : Anarchist Publisher
1926 births
2013 deaths
20th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
21st-century Italian painters
Italian illustrators
Italian anarchists
Constantine `` Vision '' Walker , also known as `` Vision '' or `` Dream '' ( born Constantine Anthony Walker , Jr. , 19 October 1951 , Jamaica ) , is a singer songwriter and musician . They were an original member of reggae group The Soulettes , with their cousin Rita Anderson ( Marley ) and Marlene `` Precious '' Gifford in the early 1960s , and was briefly a member of The Wailers along with Bunny Wailer and Peter Tosh . They are engaged in the California-based group The Rastafarians .
References
discogs
bigupradio bio
External links
Vision Walker
1951 births
Living people
Jamaican male singers
Jamaican reggae musicians
Reggae genres
Jamaican styles of music
The Wailers members
Lanatonectria is a genus of fungi in the family Nectriaceae .
External links
Nectriaceae genera
The steel-blue whydah ( Vidua hypocherina ) is a species of bird in the family Viduidae .
It is found in Ethiopia , Kenya , Somalia , South Sudan , Tanzania , and Uganda .
Its natural habitat is dry savanna .
References
steel-blue whydah
Birds of East Africa
steel-blue whydah
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Always Ready may refer to :
Club Always Ready , a Bolivian football club
Always Ready ( TV series ) , a Hong Kong drama series
Semper paratus , a Latin phrase meaning `` always ready '' that is the motto of several organizations .
See also
NWA Alwayz Ready , a wrestling pay-per-view event
Razdrto is name of several villages in Slovenia :
Razdrto , Postojna
Razdrto , Šentjernej
Black Sunday , 1937 refers to a series of acts undertaken by Jewish militants of the Irgun faction against Arab civilians on 14 November 1937 . It was among the first challenges to the Havlagah ( lit . restraint ) policy not to retaliate against Arab attacks on Jewish civilians .
Background overview
In 1936 , Palestinian Arabs launched a revolt that was to last three years against British colonial rule . At first the revolt consisted of a general strike but later became more violent , attacking British forces and also including terror attacks against Jews . In the preceding year Jewish immigration , blocked in the United States and many European countries had risen to 66,672 over the 4,075 in 1931 . In July 1937 , the Peel Commission proposed a partition of Palestine , and recommended a population transfer of 225,000 Arabs out of the designated future Jewish territory and a smaller number of Jews out of the designated future Arab territory . The Zionist Organization was strongly divided on the proposal , but historians consider them to have either `` accepted '' or `` not rejected outright '' the principle of partition , while rejecting the specific borders suggested by the Peel Commission and empowering the executive to continue negotiating with the British . The Arab Higher Committee rejected the plan outright , as did the Revisonist Zionists . Soon after , a hated district commissioner , Lewis Yelland Andrews , known for their repressive measures was assassinated by militant followers of Izz ad-Din al-Qassam outside an Anglican church .
Restraint vs. militancy
The mainstream Zionist approach to the insurgency , set forth by David Ben-Gurion , was to avoid reprisal and rather prioritize the strengthening of defenses in Jewish areas , a policy of Havlagah ( lit . Restraint ) . Notrim and Jewish supernumeraries had however been active after having been recruited by the British army to help repress the Arab revolt .
A militant form of Zionism , constituting a paramilitary organization calling itself Irgun soon broke ranks with the Haganah over the issue of restraint . It was dominated by activists who had originally identified with Ze'ev Jabotinsky 's Betar movement , which had been founded in 1923 , and eventually evolved into the core of Zionist Revisionism . Jabotinsky themselves initially advised a diplomatic approach and held reservations about recourse to measures of retaliation . The Irgun , adopted a policy change from passive defense to active aggression , and considered terrorism against Palestinians a form of deterrence against Arab attacks . The active defense tactic adopted consisted of 4 kinds of assault : ( a ) assassinations ( b ) shooting fellahin or urban Arabs ( c ) ambushes of transport vehicles carrying Arabs and ( d ) outright terrorist assaults on densely populated Arab areas Some of these practices were not new : on 20 April 1936 , 2 Palestinians had been murdered while tending a banana grove , and on 20 April , pedestrians in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem were subject to attacks where guns and hand-grenades were used . In March 1937 right-wing Zionists had thrown a bomb into a coffee house frequented by Arabs in Tel Aviv . Throughout the three years of the revolt , the revisionist group mounted some 60 acts of terrorism against Palestinian targets .
Black Sunday , 1937
In July 1937 , Jabotinsky met with Robert Bitker , Moshe Rosenberg and Avraham Stern , the future leader of Lehi , in Alexandria and underwrote , despite their personal reservations , the proposal to have recourse to retaliatory action . Jabotinsky posed only one condition to their assent , that they not be kept informed about too many details . At this stage in the revolt , the Arab uprising had degenerated into , in Colin Shindler 's words , ‘ internecine Arab violence and nihilist attacks on Jews . ' Demand for retaliation within the Irgun heightened with the killing of rabbi Eliezer Gerstein on 3 September while they were en route to pray at the Western Wall . From 29 October to 11 November , 21 attacks were made against British police and Jews , 5 with bombs , resulting in 11 murders , many of the dead being Jews .
At this point the Irgun leader David Raziel authorized a programme of active rather than passive defense , consisting of bombing Arab coffee houses , in cities such as Haifa and Rosh Pinah , and attacks around Jerusalem , and on buses travelling between the cities of Tiberias and Safed , in which Black Sunday marked the turning point . Jaa'cov Eliav , the Irgun 's master bomb maker , was in charge of the operations generally that led to the November 14 attack , David Raziel organized the attacks in Jerusalem .
The first attack had taken place on 11 November , when the Irgun murdered 2 Arabs at a Jaffa bus deposit , and wounded a further 5 . The second occurred early on the morning of 14 November . Raziel had ordered multiple attacks to be undertaken almost simultaneously in order to hamper a coherent police response . At 7 am . 2 Arab pedestrians were shot on Aza Street in Rehavia , a neighbourhood in Jerusalem , by Joseph Kremin and Shlomo Trachtman . A half an hour later , another two were shot . In both cases , one of the victims survived . Some time later , Zvi Meltser armed an Irgun operative who then attacked an Arab bus , killing 3 passengers and wounding 8 . By the end of November 14 , 10 Arabs had been killed and many more wounded .
The Irgun commemorated the incidents on 14 November as `` the Day of the Breaking of the Havlagah '' . They regarded the operation as a commemorative symbol evoking the revolt of Judas Maccabeus against the Seleucids . Raziel themselves said that the operation had wiped out the shame of the policy of restraint .
Aftermath
The renewal of Arab violence in October 1937 led to changes in tactics by the Zionists . One practice , adopted by the Irgun in particular , introduced an innovation to the armed conflict : the use of massive bombs in crowded areas , indiscriminately killing and maiming dozens of people . The targets were chosen based on accessibility and so that the maximum number of Arabs could be hit . This technique was soon picked up by Arabs : in the following decades , the targeting of public buildings became a tradition in Palestine , and later in Israel . According to David Hirst , this approach resulted in the death of some 140 Palestinians in a three-week period , which is more than the number of Jews killed in the previous year and a half of the uprising . Morris states that the numbers of Arabs killed in these indiscriminate attacks matched the number of Jews killed by Arabs in the 1929 and 1936 uprisings . In July 1938 alone two such Irgun bombs planted in Haifa 's central market accounted for 74 Arab dead and 129 wounded , leading to a generalized cycle of reprisal between the two groups .
There are several notable incidents associated the Jewish insurgency fueled by the Irgun attacks in the summer of 1938 .
6 July 1938 an Irgun militant in Arab garb planted milk cans loaded with explosives in an Arab market in Haifa killing 21 , and wounding 52 .
25 July 1938 in the same market , operatives left an explosive-filled container marked ‘ sour cucumbers ' which , on explosion , resulted in the death of 39 Arabs and the wounding of a further 46
26 August 1938 , explosives planted in the Jaffa market took a lethal toll of 24 Arabs and 39 wounded .
The British initially took no action against the Irgun itself , but rather arrested members of Jabotinsky 's group on suspicion they were connected to the incident . Jabotinsky distanced themselves from the action adopted but later spoke of it as ' a spontaneous outbreak of the outraged feelings of the nation 's soul . '
The British also enlisted 19,000 Jewish police officers to assist them in countering the insurgency , and eventually organized Special Night Squads . The Irgun revolt effected a change in mainstream Jewish policy also . Despite official shock at these incidents , the tactic of a defensive response underwent reexamination , was found to be ineffective , with the result that the Haganah command began to set up field companies to engage in ambushes . Orde Wingate 's night squads and Yitzhak Sadeh 's mobile military units ( plugot ha'Sadeh ) , established in December of that year , also exercised an influence on the creation of such clandestine forces . Ben-Gurion in turn had one officer secretly establish pe'ulot meyudahot , or special operation squads specializing in retaliatory operations against Arab terrorists , villages thought to harbor them and , at times , against British units themselves . These squads operated at Ben-Gurion 's discretion , and lay outside the official Haganah chain of command .
See also
Zionist political violence
List of Irgun attacks
The Bloody Day in Jaffa
References
1936–1939 Arab revolt in Palestine
1936 in Mandatory Palestine
Terrorist incidents in the 1930s
Zionist terrorism
Irgun
Technovore is a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics , typically as an enemy of the superhero Iron Man .
While Technovore made its animated debut in the TV series Iron Man : Armored Adventures , it has since made limited media appearances .
Publication history
Technovore first appears in Iron Man # 294 ( July 1993 ) and was created by Len Kaminski and Kevin Hopgood .
Fictional character biography
Technovore is a technological parasite created by a scientist that kills everyone inside the Stark Enterprises orbital space station . Iron Man investigates and confronts the nanotech monstrosity . As Iron Man heads to the station , a being called the `` Goddess '' takes them aside to offer them a place among their converts ; Iron Man refuses and they promise punishment . Entering the station , Iron Man finds that the space crew members are now techno-organic creatures and they attempt to consume them as part of their quest for completion . Iron Man renovates their armor arsenal using the station stores , but after destroying the creatures they reform themselves into a single being calling itself the Technovore .
Iron Man battles the Technovore , but it can reshape itself from injury almost instantly . The Technovore causes the station 's center of gravity to change , tearing the structure apart . Iron Man battles the creature in space and prepares their auto-destruct sequence but has to remain linked via telepresence at the last moment to prevent the Technovore from hacking into their computer and halting the countdown . Unfortunately , the Technovore overcomes Tony 's controls . But at the explosion 's instant , the Goddess separates Tony 's consciousness from their body to save them from the neural feedback . They offer Tony another chance to serve her , but when they still refuse they return them to their body .
Powers and abilities
Technovore 's body is made entirely of nanobots . It can disassemble itself into a stream of nanites , enabling it to fit into and travel through extremely small spaces . Each nanite carries a copy of the entire viral personality , and it is implied that the whole entity can reconstruct itself from a single unit .
Technovore can absorb technology into itself , adding the abilities of consumed technology into its physical being . In addition , Technovore 's inherent resilience is augmented by an ability to adapt to weapons ; over time , it will become immune to a given weapon if struck by it enough times .
In other media
Television
Technovore appears in Iron Man : Armored Adventures , voiced by Tabitha St. Germain . Introduced in the episode `` Seeing Red '' , this version is a virus designed by Tony Stark to consume Project Pegasus ' data on the Iron Man and Crimson Dynamo armors to stop Obadiah Stane from getting them . The virus was meant to burn itself out , but attained sentience when it uploaded itself into Project Pegasus 's nanobot project . In its self-titled episode , the Technovore molds the nanotechnology into a body and runs loose in Project Pegasus ' facility , assimilating all forms of technology it can find . James Rhodes travels to the facility to investigate a disturbance , but encounters Technovore , who uses Rhodes ' earpiece to call Stark so it can consume the Iron Man armor . Project Pegasus ' lead scientist , Anton Harchov , escapes just before Iron Man arrives , activates their armor 's self-destruct function , and seemingly destroys Technovore . Unbeknownst to everyone however , pieces of the virus ' nanotech landed on Anton 's coat .
Technovore appears in The Avengers : Earth 's Mightiest Heroes , voiced by Dwight Schultz . Introduced in the episode `` Nick Fury : Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D . `` , this version was originally an inmate of the Vault before escaping off-screen in `` Breakout , Part 1 '' . In `` Alone Against A.I.M . `` , Technovore is captured by A.I.M . agents and reprogrammed so their Scientist Supreme can take revenge on Tony Stark . Technovore is released in Stark Industries and fights Stark , Maria Hill , and War Machine before Stark tricks the virus into consuming the Arc Reactor 's vast energy , destroying it in the process .
Technovore appears in the Spider-Man : Maximum Venom episode `` Web of Venom '' Pt . 1 . This version is a technological parasite developed and abandoned by Horizon High . Dr. Curt Connors releases Technovore from Horizon High 's project graveyard and frames Grady Scraps for it while the parasite assimilates various forms of technology before Spider-Man destroys it .
Film
Technovore appears in the anime film Iron Man : Rise of Technovore , voiced by Miyu Irino in the Japanese version and by Eric Bauza in the English dub . This version is a biotechnological nanite virus created by Zeke Stane , which serves as armor through a combination of biotechnology , mechatronics , and a biomechanical organism , every cell of which is created via a molecular assembler . Initially linked directly to Stane 's nervous system so they could control it with their thoughts , Technovore later gains sentience and mutates its host 's body to destroy everything that stands in its way while using the Howard satellite as its core . When Pepper Potts destroys the satellite , Iron Man and War Machine defeat Technovore before freeing a comatose Stane and transferring them to S.H.I.E.L.D . 's custody .
References
External links
Technovore at Marvel Wiki
Technovore at Comic Vine
Comics characters introduced in 1993
Fictional artificial intelligences
Fictional murderers
Fictional robots
Superhero film characters
Marvel Comics characters who are shapeshifters
Marvel Comics robots
Marvel Comics supervillains
Iron Man characters
Antarvedi is famous for its unique temple known as Neelakanteswara temple . The presiding deities of this temple are Shiva and Parvati who is also known Neelakanta . Puranas indicate that Brahma has worshipped the idol of Lord Shiva at this temple and thus this temple is one of the most important Shiva temple in India . The temple is one of the ancient temples of India with devotees thronging to this place during Shiva Ratri Festival . Antarvedi is located in Konaseema district in Andhra Pradesh .
Antarvedi , in terms of geographical surface area , covers about 4 square miles ( 6.4 km ) . The village contains the widely revered Neelakanteswara temple , located opposite Vasishta Godavari , and it is said that Antarvedi is `` the second Varanasi by the grace of the Lord . '' A launch pad allows visitors to land on the small island at the other side of the Godavari River - from this point , travel can then be undertaken to where the river discharges into the ocean .
See also
{
`` type '' : `` FeatureCollection '' ,
`` features '' : [
{
`` type '' : `` Feature '' ,
`` properties '' : { } ,
`` geometry '' : {
`` type '' : `` Point '' ,
`` coordinates '' : [
81.41693115234376 ,
16.407105212877628
]
}
}
]
}
Antarvedi
Lord Lakshmi Narasimha Temple
External links
Neelakanteshwara Temple
Lakshmi Narasimha Temple , Antarvedi
Shiva temples in Andhra Pradesh
Hindu temples in East Godavari district
The Tumbes tyrant ( Tumbezia salvini ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae . It is monotypic within the genus Tumbezia . Its range is almost entirely within Peru , but it is also found within Tumbes–Piura dry forests habitat in the extreme southwest of Ecuador . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
Tumbes tyrant
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
Tumbes tyrant
Tumbes tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The straw-tailed whydah ( Vidua fischeri ) is a species of bird in the family Viduidae .
It is found in Ethiopia , Kenya , Somalia , South Sudan , Tanzania , and Uganda .
Its natural habitat is dry savanna . Like all other whydah species , the straw-tailed whydah is a brood parasite .
References
straw-tailed whydah
Birds of East Africa
straw-tailed whydah
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gerardo Cavallieri ( born 1942 ) is a former Argentine cyclist . They competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics where they did not finish .
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Argentine male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Argentina
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
The term spiritual warrior is used in Tibetan Buddhism for one who combats the universal enemy : self-ignorance ( avidya ) , the ultimate source of suffering according to Buddhist philosophy . Different from other paths , which focus on individual salvation , the spiritual warrior 's only complete and right practice is that which compassionately helps other beings with wisdom . This is the Bodhisattva ideal ( the `` Buddha-in-waiting '' ) , the spiritual warrior who resolves to attain buddhahood in order to liberate others .
The term is also used generically in esotericism and self-help literature . Spiritual warrior , `` illuminated heart and valiant one '' , `` enlightenment hero '' , `` one who aspires for enlightenment '' or , `` heroic being '' has been defined as a bodhisattva .
Shakyamuni Buddha
The Agganna Sutta elaborates on a history of the world in which the Buddha 's monks and nuns , and the warrior caste from which the Buddha came , are superior to brahmins , who were known for class discrimination . The Buddha 's Shakyan clan context was for warrior-like assembly for brahmins-bashing at that time .
Some scholars consider the Shakyans a republic or federation formed by a group of dominant warriors known as the `` sangha '' , who supposedly followed an aristocratic democratic tradition similar to that of the Greeks during antiquity . However , at the time of the Buddha , the growing influence of the brahminic caste and their religious ideology led to this system of governance being politically and culturally undermined .
The Buddha pioneered the establishment of democratic procedures for the monastic sangha , such as regular meetings with secret ballots , subcommittees , and minority group rights to schism . They attempted to preserve their Shakyan clan 's tradition , which was ideal for human liberation achievement . In the Agganna , the Buddha says that the monks and nuns have become `` children of the Shakyans '' , the Enlightened One 's sons and daughters , and children of the truth . The monastic Sangha was a spiritual warrior society within the historic conflict of the brahmin 's struggle . They were heirs to the aristocratic virtues of the Buddha 's warrior caste , which are related to democratic progress .
Tibetan origins
In Tibet a monastic rule derived from a feudal warrior clan society , which was transformed into a spiritual warrior society . While the rest of the world followed feudalistic warrior development during the medieval period throughout Europe and Asia , Tibet uniquely established Lamaism . This was centered around a Buddhist social revolution originating distinctly from India 's Hinduism and finding root in Tibet . The Lama ( teacher ) is a living Buddha for Tibetans who provides a powerful bridge between real and imaginary consciousness worlds , where the self is methodically dissolved into the whole 's benefit by tantra practice .
Tibetans imported this order to help change their society to one based on education , social welfare , peaceful progress , with a self-renouncing monastic class of rulers . The monastic sangha ( community ) were supported and organized like a military ; however , they were set on a self-discovery yogic mission for reconnaissance to perfect and develop methods in eliminating ego suffering .
Tibetan Buddhists advanced a form of a non-hereditary succession of title and land-based on reincarnation , which presented living proof that their methods succeeded by extraordinary means . It also ensured that young leaders were well-trained in the monastic canon and it avoided deadly heir feuds seen in the heritable practices within feudalism . Tibetan monastics eschewed materialistic and economic progress for want of virtual visualizations . Monastic warriors were focused on accepting and perpetuating life in contrast to defending or attacking it .
In a highly celebrated and unique victory , Tibetan monastic warriors overcame the native Bon practices which then encompassed services for all of life 's needs ( birth , marriage , healthcare , death , and spirit exorcism ) by incorporating them into their own practices . New Buddhist spiritual technology was integrated with the existing Bon methods , as contrasted with oppression methods seen in other warrior techniques . Transformation and re-purposing of military-warrior symbolism and strategy into new codified tactics within Buddhist practice was a recurring metaphorical theme .
The society flourished to produce one of the best assemblies of peaceful enlightened self-knowledge known to humankind . When modern Chinese communist military-economic industrial forces swept in to dismantle and uproot it based on monarchic upheaval , this caused a spread of the seeds of this spiritual warrior way throughout the rest of the world , which are now taking root in new democratic forms .
Displaced Tibetans tend to remain loyal to their exiled leaders and lineage of teachers .
Chogyam Trungpa
Chogyam Trungpa teaches the way of the spiritual warrior . In 1976 , Trungpa established the Shambhala Training program on spiritual warrior-ship grounded in sitting meditation practice . The Sacred Path of the Warrior is Trungpa 's book which embodies the practice .
The spiritual warrior archetype helps to constructively answer questions about aggression and competition in a healthy direction . Unlike the soldier character , the spiritual warrior is in touch with the joy , the sadness , the expansiveness in their heart ; able to share and give it to others . The warrior knows about death and seizes the day . They have learned to let go with forgiveness and avoids chasing others in revenge . The warrior commits to growing the heart and soul in becoming a creative being . The warrior serves in love of strangers and gives generously while giving to themselves . The spiritual warrior seeks to change others with rational and compassionate decision-making in service of a higher goal .
Dudjom Rinpoche
In Dudjom Jigdral Yeshe Dorje 's Nyingma history , spiritual warrior ( sems-dpa ' , Skt sattva ) , is a technical term applied to bodhisattvas , Subhuti , Vajrasattva , Manjusri , Samantabhadra , Sakya Jugne and Tsangtonpa . Great spiritual warriors have inserted doctrinal treasures into mountains , ravines and woods .
See also
Bodhisattva
Shambhala Buddhism
The Dharma of Star Wars
Notes
Further reading
`` Shambhala : Sacred Path of the Warrior '' by Chogyam Trungpa , Shambhala , March 12 , 1988 ,
`` Everyday Enlightenment : How to Be a Spiritual Warrior at the Kitchen Sink '' by Venerable Yeshe Chodron , Harper Collins Publishers PTY Limited , September 1 , 2006 ,
External links
Rosen , Richard , `` The Diamond Sutra : The Perfection of Wisdom by Red Pine '' , Yoga Journal
Grant , Kara-Leah ( 2009 ) , `` How yoga has the power to transform and release avidya ( self-ignorance ) '' , The Yoga Lunch Box , October 13 , 2009
sems dpa '
Tibetan Buddhist practices
The Harecastle railway tunnels are a set of three railway tunnels on the North Staffordshire Railway at Kidsgrove in Staffordshire .
First opened to traffic in 1848 only two years after being authorised , the tunnels were built to carry the North Staffordshire Railway line between Kidsgrove and Tunstall . They were not the first tunnels in the area , having the older Harecastle Canal Tunnels running so close that vibrations from the trains allegedly affected their integrity . The central and southern tunnels have been disused since 1965 , following the realignment of the operational railway ; this move was taken due to their limited size having made them unsuitable for the installation of overhead electrification apparatus . It was announced during 2013 that the disused Harecastle tunnels , which have continued to be maintained , would be sold to a public body .
History
The construction of the Harecastle railway tunnels was authorised by an Act of Parliament issued in 1846 . An alternative route for the tunnels had been considered at one point , but was ultimately discarded , partly due to the objections of a Thomas Kinnersley of Clough Hall but also due to the alignment opted for having gentler gradients . A further benefit of the alignment was that construction could be aided considerably by using shafts driven from the preexisting Harecastle Canal Tunnels .
Accordingly , the North Staffordshire Railway commenced work almost immediately thereafter on boring the tunnels . There were a total of three tunnels built on the alignment between Tunstall and Kidsgrove , commonly referred to as the North , Middle and South tunnels . Each carrying a pair of tracks throughout , the North tunnel was the shortest of the three at only 130 yards , while the Middle had a length of 180 yards and the South tunnel , being the longest , was 1,766 yards in length . The North tunnel was constructed using the traditional cut-and-cover technique , unlike the other two bores . During 1848 , construction of the Harecastle railway tunnels was officially completed .
According to railway historian Basil Jeuda , the completed tunnels formed a key link in Britain 's national rail system . The arrival of the railway negatively impacted the neighbouring Canal tunnels . During 1914 , the oldest of the two canal tunnels was permanently closed as a consequence of a partial collapse of the bore , the cause allegedly having been vibrations generated by trains traversing the nearby railway tunnels .
During the 1960s , work was underway on the wider electrification of the West Coast Main Line ; however , the Harecastle railway tunnels posed a particular challenge . It was decided to open out the North tunnel , which was achieved via a series of flying buttresses that effectively made it a tunnel no longer . In contrast , both the South and Middle tunnels were deemed to be unsuitable for electrification due to their limited size . Instead , it was decided to divert the line away from the tunnels onto a new alignment running to the west , along with the newly built Kidsgrove Tunnel that was bored to carry this diversion . The diversion starts about 300 metres south of Kidsgrove railway station , and rejoined the original line just to the west of Tunstall ( roughly where the A527 crosses the line ) . The last trains to use the original alignment were run during 1965 .
During early 2013 , it was announced that the British Government had directed the Department of Transport to put the disused tunnels up for sale . It has been stipulated that the tunnels ' new owner must be a public body , and that they must continue to receive appropriate maintenance . The southern bore is reportedly mostly flooded due to its drainage being unserviced .
References
Further reading
Allan C. Baker & Mike G. Fell . `` Harecastle 's Canal and Railway Tunnels . '' Lightmoor Press , 2019. .
External links
1940s 1 inch to 1 mile map
Ordnance Survey OPENDATA VIEWER map
Geograph photo of steam train on the diversion
Railway tunnels in England
Tunnels in Staffordshire
Transport in Staffordshire
Tunnels completed in 1848
The 2006–07 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating was a series of international invitational competitions in the first half of the 2006–07 figure skating season . Skaters competed in the disciplines of men 's singles , ladies ' singles , pairs , and ice dancing over six events . Skaters earned a certain number of points per placement and the top six scoring skaters at the end of the series qualified for the 2006–07 Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final .
The Grand Prix series set the stage for the 2007 European Figure Skating Championships , the 2007 Four Continents Figure Skating Championships , the 2007 World Junior Figure Skating Championships , and the 2007 World Figure Skating Championships , as well as each country 's national championships . The Grand Prix series began on 26 October 2006 and ended on 17 December 2006 .
The Grand Prix was organized by the International Skating Union . Skaters competed for prize money and for a chance to compete in the Grand Prix Final . The corresponding series for Junior-level skaters was the 2006–07 ISU Junior Grand Prix .
Qualifying
Skaters who reached the age of 14 by July 1 , 2006 were eligible to compete on the senior Grand Prix circuit . The top six skaters from the 2006 World Figure Skating Championships were seeded and were guaranteed two events . Skaters who placed 7th through 12th were also given two events , though they were not considered seeded .
Skaters/teams who medaled at the 2005–06 Junior Grand Prix Final or the 2006 World Junior Figure Skating Championships were guaranteed one event . Skaters were medaled at both the Junior Grand Prix Final and the World Junior Championships were guaranteed only one event .
The host country was allowed to send three skaters/teams of their choosing in each discipline .
Medal summary
Non-scoring event
Points
After the final event , the NHK Trophy , the six skaters/teams with the most points advanced to the Grand Prix Final . The point system was as follows :
If a pairs team competed in more than two events , the teams who scored below them in their non-scoring competition did not automatically move up in gaining points . For example , if Team A placed second below Team B , and it was Team B 's non-scoring event , Team A still earned 13 points , not 15 .
Skaters had to compete in two events to qualify for the Final .
Final points
Skaters in bold qualified for the Grand Prix Final .
Prize money
The total prize money is $ 180,000 per individual event and $ 272,000 for the Final . All amounts are in U.S. dollars . Pairs and dance teams split the money . The breakdown is as follows :
References
External links
Isu Grand Prix Of Figure Skating , 2006-07
ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating
Constantine Paparrigopoulos ( ; 1815 – 14 April 1891 ) was a Greek historian , who is considered the founder of modern Greek historiography . They are the founder of the concept of historical continuity of Greece from antiquity to the present , establishing the tripartite division of Greek history in ancient , medieval and modern , and sought to set aside the prevailing views at the time that the Byzantine Empire was a period of decadence and degeneration .
Paparrigopoulos introduced this division in their teaching at the University of Athens . Their main work is the multi-volume History of the Greek Nation ( Ιστορία του Ελληνικού Έθνους ) , covering the history of the Greeks from ancient to modern times , and notably including the Greek Middle Ages as part of the national history of Greece . They are also known for vigorously countering the theories of Jakob Philipp Fallmerayer regarding the racial origins of the Greeks . They were the first historian who managed to demonstrate that Fallmerayer 's theory was false .
Life
Paparrigopoulos was born in Constantinople in 1815 . Their father , a native of Vytina , was killed by the rabble of Constantinople when the Greek War of Independence erupted in 1821 . Paparrigopoulos not only saw this grisly spectacle , but they also attended the execution of their brother , Michael , and of their two uncles . Their mother who survived the slaughters fled to Odessa , where Paparrigopoulos accomplished their studies at the Richelieu Lyceum as a bursar of the Tsar Alexander I .
In 1830 Paparrigopoulos travelled to Greece to study in the `` Central School '' ( Κεντρικό Σχολείο ) of Aegina , founded by the Greek leader Ioannis Kapodistrias . They continued their studies in the universities of France and Germany .
Returning to Greece Paparrigopoulos was appointed in the ministry of Justice , but in 1845 they withdrew because they did not yet possess a Greek nationality . They were reappointed as a teacher when they obtained the Greek nationality ( as a `` Gortynian '' ) . In 1851 they became a professor of history of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens .
In 1873 Paparrigopoulos lost their beloved son and famous poet , Dimitrios Paparrigopoulos . In 1876 and 1884 the Greek state utilised them for national purposes , appointing them as president of the `` National Defence '' and as president of the `` Exhibition of the relics of the War of Independence '' .
Work
In 1843 , while working in the Ministry of Justice , Paparrigopoulos published their first survey , About the emigration of Slav tribes in Peloponnese , contradicting with robust arguments Fallmerayer 's opinion that modern Greeks are of Slav descent , having no racial relation with the ancient Greeks . In 1844 , they published their second survey , The last year of the Greek independence , treating the fall of Corinth . In 1855 they gave their inaugural lecture as professor of the university , contradicting a theory that did not recognise the importance of the Dorian influence on the civilization of ancient Greece .
Nonetheless , their monumental writing is the History of the Greek nation , comprising 6 volumes , which were later complemented by Pavlos Karolidis . Paparrigopoulos published the first volume in 1860 and completed their work in 1877 with the last volume , which constituted a synopsis of the Greek War of Independence . The best edition of the History of the Greek nation is the edition of Eleftheroudakis in 1925 with the application of Karolidis . In this work they adopted the tripartite examination of periods already introduced by Spyros Zampelios ( ancient Hellenism , medieval Hellenism , modern Hellenism ) and used it as a tool for the narration of the course of the Greek nation throughout the centuries .
Assessments
Paparrigopoulos is considered the `` national '' historian of modern Greece . In their History of the Greek Nation , they regarded the history of Greece from the ancient years till nowadays as a unity , insisting on the continuity of the Greek nation . At the same time they promoted the importance of the Byzantine Empire and of the Byzantine history in general . Because of their profound surveys , the disdain towards the Byzantine history was limited .
The interpretation of Byzantium 's Greek character in the work of Sp . Zampelios was the first step in the effort to refute Fallmerayer 's theory . It was supported that the ancient Greek civilization had not faded away , but had been creatively reshaped as it met Christianity , which took place during the Byzantine Empire . With Zampelios then , the foundations were prepared in order for a total national history to be written , in order for the past , the continuous course of the Greek nation from antiquity till the 19th century , to be narrated . This ambitious project was undertaken and completed by Constantine Paparrigopoulos , who is considered for this reason the founder of Greek national historiography , also known as Greek historism .
Paparrigopoulos , as well as Sp . Zampelios , set the basis of the modern Greek historiography and influenced the modern Greek society . Since , their work did not concern only a closed and restricted circle of specialists and academics . It was addressed to the society of their times , in order to strengthen their national self-knowledge . Paparrigopoulos ' classes at the University , which constituted the raw material for the writing of their memorable History , were frequently published in Pandora magazine , of which they were the co-publisher , as well as in the Athenian Press . The term Greek-Christian which was devised for scientific purposes , functioned towards the same direction but did not remain a simple instrument of analysis in the hands of specialists . As this term appeared in early ninth century , it became a canvass on which the ideology of the Greek state was developed and shaped . The content of education , the orientation of historical studies and the study of tradition ( folklore ) were organized on this basis . In addition , the Megali Idea ( Greek Great Idea ) which was nebulous until that time , acquired flesh and bones . The Byzantine Empire , which had now been acclaimed a cultural mold of the Greek state which was still small , became the model for its territorial expansion .
Another great virtue of Paparrigopoulos is the elegance of their style and their literary charisma , which makes their texts readable and their narrations particularly vivid . Their elegance is the main merit that places them higher than the other great modern Greek historian , Pavlos Karolidis .
Paparrigopoulos not only offered a united image of the history ( ancient-medieval-modern ) of the Greek nation , but , at the same time , they articulated in the most stirring way the pains and the dramas of the modern Hellenism .
Their writings
All their main writings are in Greek .
About the emigration of Slav tribes in Peloponnese , 1843 .
The last year of the Greek independence , 1844 .
Elements of General History , 1845 .
General History , 2 volumes , 1849 .
Introductory lesson , 1855 .
History of the Hellenic nation , 6 volumes , 1860-1877 .
Sources
C. Paparrigopoulos ( and in later editions , P. Karolidis ) , History of the Greek Nation , Volume I , Biography of Constantine Paparrigopoulos by Pavlos Karolidis , Editions : Eleftheroudakis , 1925 ( in Greek ) .
Encyclopaedic Dictionary , The Helios , Volume 15 , article : `` Constantine Paparrigopoulos '' ( in Greek ) .
References
1815 births
1891 deaths
19th-century Greek historians
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Greece
Greek Byzantinists
National and Kapodistrian University of Athens faculty
Constantinopolitan Greeks
Scholars of Byzantine history
Academics from Istanbul
Writers from Odesa
People from Aegina
Writers from Istanbul
The 1877 Stevens football team was an American football team that represented Stevens Institute of Technology in the 1877 college football season . The team compiled a 1–3 record .
Schedule
References
Stevens
Stevens Tech Ducks football seasons
Stevens football
Middle Porters Lake is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
References
Explore HRM
Middle Porters Lake on Destination Nova Scotia
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Arizona Saves is a non-profit organization offering free services to promote financial education throughout the state of Arizona . It partners with other non-profit and community development agencies , financial institutions , faith-based organizations , and city governments to provide no-cost financial education for low- to moderate-income individuals and families .
The agency is affiliated with America Saves , the Consumer Federation of America 's national campaign with the same mission . It was founded in 2003 in response to the decline of savings in Arizona . It encourages saving for an emergency fund , an education , reducing debt , and retirement . In addition to financial education , it offers motivational workshops , financial counseling , and access to no-fee savings accounts .
Mission
Changing lives with financial skills and knowledge . Arizona Saves empowers Arizonans to build sustainable self-sufficiency by advancing healthy money management through education , saving , debt reduction , and asset building .
Financial education
Arizona Saves provides financial education workshops that are free and available to the public . The classes are taught by certified volunteers with backgrounds in finance , education , and business . Approximately 400 volunteers throughout the state are trained to teach Arizona Saves ' specialized curriculum .
Workshops
Arizona Saves ' financial education is typically delivered in a three-part series of workshops that include :
Building a Better Budget
Taking Charge of Your Credit
Preparing to Purchase a Home
Additional workshops offered :
Banking Basics
Choosing and Using Credit Wisely
Preparing to Purchase a Car
Foreclosure Prevention & Crisis Budgeting
Arizona Saves added a Crisis Budgeting class in 2008 to assist the thousands of homeowners facing foreclosure in the state . The workshop teaches families how to establish financial priorities , determine which bills to pay first , and make radical short-term changes to their budgets in order to withstand financial crisis and prevent foreclosure .
Arizona Kids Saves
Arizona Saves provides free financial education to children as well . The Arizona Kids Saves program uses an age-appropriate curriculum to teach the same financial principles as the adult classes , encouraging parents and their children to discuss healthy money management at home .
Press
KPNX Channel 12 - Arizona Central - `` College Budgets are Critical '' ( July 27 , 2009 )
Footnotes
References
America Saves . About Us . Washington , DC . Retrieved on 05-28-2009 .
National Bank of Arizona . Arizona Saves . Phoenix , AZ . Retrieved on 05-28-2009 .
Arizona Saves . Our Mission . Phoenix , AZ . Retrieved on 05-28-2009 .
NBC Television - KPNX Channel 12 . Free Workshop on Crisis Budgeting . Phoenix , AZ . Retrieved on 05-28-2009 .
NBC Television - KPNX Channel 12 . Free Class Teaches Children How to Manage Money . Phoenix , AZ . Retrieved on 05-28-2009 .
External links
Official Website
Kids Debit Card
Financial Freedom
Personal finance education
Non-profit organizations based in Arizona
Mark Aslett is an English-American business person . They became chairperson , president and chief executive officer of Mercury Systems in 2007 .
Life
Aslett was born about 1968 , and worked at age 16 as a welder in Sunderland , England .
They received bachelor 's degree in digital systems engineering from the University of Sunderland and a master 's degree in business administration from Harvard Business School .
Their career began in software engineering at British Telecommunications .
Aslett worked at GEC Plessey Telecommunications , and other telecommunications-related technology firms .
They held various positions with Marconi plc and affiliated companies , including president of Marconi Communications – North America in 1998 .
Aslett was president and chief executive officer of Enterasys Networks starting in 2003 .
Aslett serves on the executive committee for the Aerospace Industries Association ( AIA ) and the Massachusetts High Technology Council ( MHTC ) .
Aslett publishes their opinions :
Changes needed throughout the defense contracting industry
The need for the aerospace and defense industry to make substantive investments in new technologies and innovations
How the COVID-19 pandemic has caused the defense industry to reevaluate how it does business
The importance of addressing the entire microelectronics capabilities ecosystem critical to the nation 's defense
The need for legislation that reinforces the importance of A & D industries and keeps them operational and stabilized in times of crisis
The need for making trusted , secure mission-critical technologies profoundly more accessible to the aerospace and defense industry
Aslett was featured in business publications including The Boston Business Journal , and SpencerStuart .
References
American chief executives
Living people
Harvard Business School alumni
Alumni of the University of Sunderland
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Cadboro Bay is a bay near the southern tip of Vancouver Island and its adjacent neighbourhood in the municipalities of Saanich and Oak Bay in Greater Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
Cadboro Bay was the site of Sungayka , a village of the Songhees Nation for some 8,000 years prior to the relocation of its people to Victoria 's Inner Harbour in the mid 1800s . The land between Gyro Park and Telegraph Bay is included in a Douglas Treaty that is now before the courts . Cadboro Bay takes its name from the first European vessel to enter the bay , the Hudson 's Bay Company schooner .
During the 1862 Pacific Northwest smallpox epidemic , which started in Victoria , thousands of indigenous people living in and around Victoria were evicted by force as smallpox spread among them . Hundreds of Haida fled one native encampment and set up another on the shore of Cadboro Bay . In May 1862 the Victoria Police Commissioner Augustus Pemberton took a police force and two recently arrived gunboats , HMS Grappler and HMS Forward , to the Haida camp on Cadboro Bay . They forced about 300 natives , many already infected with smallpox , to evacuate and return to Haida Gwaii . One of the gunboats escorted the canoes north beyond Nanaimo .
Today , Cadboro Bay also gives its name to the neighbourhood situated between the bay itself and the University of Victoria , bounded by the Uplands district to the south , Ten Mile Point to the east and the Queenswood neighbourhood to the north . At the heart of the neighbourhood is the local centre , Cadboro Bay Village .
A prominent resident of the neighbourhood in the first half of the 20th century was Frank V. Hobbs . Their brother , Edwin , bought land in Cadboro Bay for a dairy farm , while Frank Hobbs engaged in business in Victoria and other parts of Vancouver Island . Upon Edwin 's death , Frank moved to Cadboro Bay and became active in municipal politics and on the Victoria School Board . They were influential in expanding the provision of high schools for greater Victoria . In recognition of this and other services they provided to the area , the local elementary school , opened in 1951 , was named in their honour .
The Royal Victoria Yacht Club is located on the Oak Bay side of the bay and is situated on a large archeological site of the Songhees Nation . The University of Victoria is located just up the hill from Cadboro Bay , and the UVic Sailing Club maintains facilities and boats on Cadboro Bay beach for the use of its students .
Cadboro Bay gives its name to a type of sea serpent , Cadborosaurus , nicknamed Caddy , reported sightings of which go back 200 years and predate Contact in 1492 .
Cadboro-Gyro Park
Immediately adjacent to the beach itself is Cadboro-Gyro park . The park is popular with children in the neighbourhood as well as other parts of Victoria due to its large concrete climbing structures , in the form of an octopus , a large salmon , a tugboat and the local Cryptid , the sea monster Cadborosaurus .
The park was created on of land bought from the Goward estate by the Gyro Club in 1953 , which it donated to Saanich in 1954 , and subsequently increased in 1961 by the expropriation of adjacent land by Saanich . The park is now . In the summer of 2014 the play area was improved , including the relocation of the octopus and salmon as well as a range of other improvements .
References
Neighbourhoods in Saanich , British Columbia
Populated places on the British Columbia Coast
Árni Stefánsson ( born 10 October 1953 ) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a goalkeeper . They won 15 caps for the Iceland national football team between 1975 and 1978 .
External links
Árni Stefánsson international appearances at ksi.is
1953 births
Living people
Arni Stefansson
Arni Stefansson
Association football goalkeepers
Allsvenskan players
Arni Stefansson
Landskrona BoIS players
Jönköpings Södra IF players
Arni Stefansson
Arni Stefansson
Arni Stefansson
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Two ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS King George V , after George V , King of the United Kingdom , whilst another was planned :
HMS King George V was to have been an . They were renamed in 1910 , prior to their launch in 1911 . Captained by Lord Stanley .
was a battleship , originally to be named HMS Royal George , but renamed in 1910 , before their launch in 1911 . They were sold for scrapping in 1926 , and was broken up in 1927 .
was a battleship launched in 1939 and broken up in 1959 .
Battle honours
Ships named King George V have earned the following battle honours :
Jutland , 1916
Dunkirk , 19401
Atlantic , 1941
Bismarck , 1941
Arctic , 1942−43
Sicily , 1943
Okinawa , 1945
Japan , 1945
1 : Awarded to merchant vessel TS King George V
See also
TS King George V - passenger steamer owned and operated by David MacBrayne Ltd , and used as a troop carrier during the Second World War .
George V ( disambiguation )
Royal Navy ship names
This is a timeline of incidents in 1982 that have been labelled as `` terrorism '' and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces ( see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism ) .
Guidelines
To be included , entries must be notable ( have a stand-alone article ) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as `` terrorism '' .
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS : TERRORIST .
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties ( such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred ) .
Casualties listed are the victims . Perpetrator casualties are listed separately ( e.g . x ( +y ) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured ) .
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information . A figure with a plus ( + ) sign indicates that at least that many people have died ( e.g . 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died ) – the actual toll could be considerably higher . A figure with a plus ( + ) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims .
If casualty figures are 20 or more , they will be shown in bold . In addition , figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined .
Incidents are limited to one per location per day . If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day , they will be merged into a single incident .
In addition to the guidelines above , the table also includes the following categories :
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1982
1982
1982
Terr
Montague Chamberlain ( April 5 , 1844 – February 10 , 1924 ) was a Canadian-American business person , naturalist , and ethnographer .
Biography
Chamberlain was born in St. John , New Brunswick , Canada . They spent the first few decades of their life as a bookkeeper and later manager of a grocery company in St. John . In their mid-twenties , they also became a dedicated amateur ornithologist . In 1883 they co-founded the American Ornithologists ' Union , which today stakes its claim as `` the oldest and largest organization in the New World devoted to the scientific study of birds . '' In 1888 Chamberlain became a resident member and editor for the Nuttall Ornithological Club , and a founding member of the American Ornithologists ' Union . After quitting the grocery business , they became the assistant secretary of the Harvard Corporation in 1889 and the secretary of the Lawrence Scientific School in 1893 .
Chamberlain was married at the age of 63 , to Anna Sartoris Prout of Petersburg , Virginia . Their marriage lasted six years before Anna died .
Chamberlain died in Boston , Massachusetts , United States , in 1924 . The same year , Theodore Sherman Palmer , secretary of the American Ornithologists ' Union , wrote an obituary of Chamberlain in The Auk . Percy Algernon Taverner later published an obituary of Chamberlain in Canadian Field-Naturalist . Palmer 's obituary includes a lament that Chamberlain made no direct contributions to ornithology during the last twenty years of their life .
Writings
They were a frequent contributor to The Bulletin of the Nuttall Ornithological Club , The Auk ( of which they were also a founding associate editor ) , and Bulletin of the Natural History Society of New Brunswick , the first of which published their A Catalogue of the Birds of New Brunswick : With brief notes relating to their migrations , breeding , relative abundance , etc . in 1882 . They also authored the following books :
A Catalogue of Canadian Birds , 1887
Birds of Greenland , 1889
The Church Army , Damrell and Upham , 1897
Maliseet Vocabulary , Harvard Cooperative Society , 1899
The Penobscot Indians , 1899
Chamberlain 's interest in the Native Americans grew after spending time at the Penobscot haven of Indian Island in Maine , where they helped start a museum . They maintained that a Penobscot had saved their grandfather 's life . Chamberlain also became familiar with the nearby and related Passamaquoddy and Maliseet , leading to their drafting of the first significant English-Maliseet dictionary . Although Maliseet is still spoken today by around 1,500 people , Maliseet Vocabulary has become a valuable source on the Maliseet language , as the first published , substantial characterization of the language , recorded at a relatively early date . The book includes translations for about 1,600 Maliseet words ; perhaps owing in part to Chamberlain 's particular interests as a naturalist and bird enthusiast , 481 of the 1,600 words are related to plants and animals , including 124 Maliseet words for different types of birds .
References
External links
Maliseet Vocabulary by Montague Chamberlin [ sic ] ; most of the text hosted free online by the Mi'kmaq-Maliseet Institute at the University of New Brunswick .
The Auk , index , including many contributions from Chamberlain beginning in volume 1 , number 1 ( 1884 ) .
American ornithologists
Canadian businesspeople
1844 births
1924 deaths
Harvard University staff
Meeri Räisänen ( born 2 December 1989 ) is a Finnish ice hockey goaltender and member of the Finnish national ice hockey team , currently playing in the Premier Hockey Federation ( PHF ) with the Connecticut Whale . As a member of the Finnish national team , they won Olympic bronze medals in the women 's ice hockey tournament at the 2018 Winter Olympics and the women 's ice hockey tournament at the 2022 Winter Olympics , World Championship bronze medals in 2015 and 2021 , and was named to the World Championship All-Star Team in 2015 and 2016 .
Playing career
According to their parents , Räisänen was n't satisfied with watching their older brother practice ice hockey at the Koulukatu open-air ice rink in their home-city of Tampere , and instead hung on the boards and shouted that they wanted to go out on the ice until there was no alternative but to put skates on their feet and let them join in . They began playing with the youth section of the ice-sports club Tappara in Tampere and became committed to goaltending by the age of nine . Crowded out of a goalie position on the club 's top hockey team for their age group , they switched to ringette for several years but returned to hockey . By age 14 , Räisänen was playing in the top women 's ice hockey league in Finland , the Naisten SM-sarja ( renamed Naisten Liiga in 2017 ) , and practicing with the top-level boy 's teams for their age group .
Career in Finland
In Finland 's Naisten Liiga , Räisänen has played with HPK Kiekkonaiset , JYP Jyväskylä Naiset and the Jyväskylän Hockey Cats , the Tampereen Ilves Naiset , and the Espoo Blues Naiset , winning the Finnish Championship with the Espoo Blues in 2009 and with JYP Jyväskylä in 2016 . They are a three-time winner of the Tuula Puputti Award for best goaltender in the Naisten Liiga and has also been named to the league 's First All-Star Team three times .
In addition to their career in the top women 's league , Räisänen played portions of the 2015–16 and 2016–17 seasons in the Suomi-sarja , the third tier men 's ice hockey league in Finland . On 29 November 2015 , they and fellow Finnish national team goaltender Noora Räty faced off against each other in a Suomi-sarja game between D-Kiekko and KJT . The netminders made history as “ the first women 's goaltenders to go head-to-head in a professional men 's contest in Finland ” and the game was , according to available accounts , the highest-level men 's ice hockey game ever to feature opposing women goaltenders , in any country . Räisänen held KJT to three goals but D-Kiekko sacrificed two empty net goals after Räisänen was pulled and the game ended with a 5–2 victory for Räty 's KJT . Reflecting on the game in an interview following the match , Räisänen said , “ Now two women goaltenders have proven that they can play at this level . Noora did it first , which helped change the attitudes towards women goaltenders and made my job easier . This match was a good way to promote women 's hockey . We want to [ grow the game ] and be examples for girls in the junior leagues. ” According to the boxscore of the match , recorded by the Finnish Ice Hockey Association , only 70 spectators attended the landmark game .
During the 2021–22 season , they played in the men 's U20 Mestis with JYP U20 Akatemia , a junior affiliate of JYP Jyväskylä .
International club career
Räisänen has also competed at the international club leagues , most recently with AIK Hockey Dam of the Swedish Women 's Hockey League ( SDHL ) in the 2019–20 season . The 2014–15 season was spent with SKIF Nizhny Novgorod of the Women 's Hockey League ( ZhHL ) and resulted in Russian Championship silver and the 2015 IIHF European Women 's Champions Cup .
Räisänen was selected in the eighth round , 41st overall by the Markham Thunder in the 2018 CWHL Draft but ultimately chose not to sign with the team .
They joined the Connecticut Whale of the National Women 's Hockey League ( NWHL ; renamed Premier Hockey Federation ( PHF ) in 2021 ) for the 2018–19 season , becoming the first player from Finland to ever play the league . They made their debut with the Whale on 7 October 2018 , matching up against Team USA Olympic goaltender Nicole Hensley of the Buffalo Beauts .
International play
Räisänen was selected for the Finland women 's national ice hockey team competing in the women 's ice hockey tournament at the 2014 Winter Olympics . They were the primary backup goaltender and dressed for all six games , though they did not see any ice time as starter Noora Räty manned the net for each game .
Räisänen has also represented Finland at five IIHF Women 's World Championships , first in 2012 , and was named to the tournament All-Star Team in 2015 and 2016 .
Career statistics
International
Source :
Awards and honors
References
External links
Living people
1989 births
Finnish women 's ice hockey goaltenders
Ice hockey people from Tampere
HPK Kiekkonaiset players
AIK IF players
Connecticut Whale ( PHF ) players
JYP Jyväskylä Naiset players
Ilves Naiset players
HC SKIF players
Espoo Blues Naiset players
Robert Morris Colonials women 's ice hockey players
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Russia
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
The Ultimate Song Chart Awards Presentation 2021 ( ) was held at the AsiaWorld–Expo on 1 January 2022 . It recognized the best Cantopop recordings , compositions , and artistes of the eligibility year .
Winners
References
2021 in Hong Kong
2021 music awards
Investment Fund for Developing Countries ( Investeringsfonden for Udviklingslande ) ( IFU ) , is a Development Financial Institution owned by the Government of Denmark . IFU is a self-governing , state-owned fund , whose objective is to promote economic and social development in developing countries . The Fund provides risk capital and advice to companies wanting to do business in parts of Europe , Asia , Latin America and Africa .
Investments are made on commercial terms in the form of loans and equity , with the purpose of contribution to economic and social development in the investment countries and support the attainment of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals .
Location
The headquarters and main offices of IFU are located at Fredericiagade 27 , 1310 Copenhagen K , Denmark . The geographical coordinates of the company headquarters are:55°41'08.9 '' N , 12°35'24.5 '' E ( Latitude:55.685806 ; Longitude:12.590139 ) . IFU also maintains regional offices in Africa , Asia , Latin America , Central and Eastern Europe .
As of August 2020 , IFU maintained regional offices in these cities : 1 . Copenhagen 2 . Accra 3 . Ho Chi Minh 4 . Kyiv 5 . Lima 6 . Nairobi 7 . New Delhi 8 . São Paulo 9 . Shanghai 10 . Singapore . ( Near bottom of reference page ) .
Overview
IFU was founded in 1967 , as an independent government-owned fund offering advisory services and risk capital to companies wishing to do business in developing countries and emerging markets . In addition to investing its own money , IFU acts as a fund manager . As of August 2020 , IFU had co-invested in over 1,300 companies in more than 100 countries . The investment portfolio totals DKK:209 billion ( €29.07 billion ) , to which IFU as contributed DKK:23 billion ( €3.09 billion ) .
Before 31 December 2016 , IFU 's involvement was tied to the participation of a Danish company or the existence of a Danish interest . That requirement was dropped in December 2016 . IFU does not provide business grants or development aid . Over time the investments have returned good results to the countries hosting the investments , the Danish companies and to IFU . In the 2014 to 2019 time period , gross yields on invested share capital averaged in excess of 12 percent annually .
Ownership
Investment Fund for Developing Countries is 100 percent owned by the government of Denmark .
Governance
Michael Rasmussen serves as the chairperson of the company . Effective 1 January 2019 , Torben Huss is the chief executive officer of Investment Fund for Developing Countries .
Recent investments
IFU is an equity investor in Lake Turkana Wind Power Station , a 310 megawatts power plant , that is Africa 's largest wind farm . It supplies approximately 15 percent of Kenya 's electricity needs .
IFU owns 9.97 percent of DFCU Bank , the fifth-largest commercial bank in Uganda . The shareholding was acquired in December 2019 from the CDC Group of the United Kingdom .
In In March 2019 , the Investment Fund for Developing Countries ( IFU ) , lent KSh:1.2 billion ( approx . US $ 11.2 million ) to Sidian Bank , a Kenyan commercial bank . During the next 36 months , IFU has the option to convert a portion or all of the principal into share capital in the bank . If all the principal is converted into capital , the Fund will acquire 20 percent shareholding in the bank and gain two seats on the expanded seven-person bank board . Each of the other shareholders will be diluted proportionately .
See also
German Investment Corporation
Danish International Development Agency
French Development Agency
Netherlands Development Finance Company
References
External links
Official Website
Investment management companies of Denmark
Companies based in Copenhagen
Development finance institutions
Organizations established in 1967
Foreign relations of Denmark
International development agencies
Government agencies of Denmark
1967 establishments in Denmark
Companies based in Copenhagen Municipality
Sitz Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County , north-northeast of Stillwater .
References
Mountains of Herkimer County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Thurcaston is a village in Leicestershire , England , in the parish of Thurcaston and Cropston . It was the home of Bishop Hugh Latimer .
It borders the villages of Anstey and Cropston , as well as the Leicester suburb of Beaumont Leys . The Rothley Brook flows through the village . The A46 Leicester Western Bypass runs close to the village , separating it from Leicester , Birstall , and Beaumont Leys .
The village of Thurcaston has existed since at least the 8th century AD , and includes a church and several old houses , along with a very small Methodist Chapel . In general , there are few commercial properties , but there exists a pub , The Wheatsheaf Inn , and an electrical showroom , Tebbatts Electronics . There is a single bus service , the 154 run by Centrebus at a maximum frequency of every hour . The previous service , the 55 , was shut down in the late 2000s .
Large fields between the Great Central Railway line and the houses of the residents of Leicester Road form a popular place for walking dogs and horses .
A planned housing development is currently being discussed with Charnwood Borough council , upon which will see the erection of up to 50 dwellings , community centre and park , including sustainable drainage system with access off Mill Road , the large area of land is to the east off Mill Road .
Richard Hill Primary School
The village school is Richard Hill Primary School , which was founded in 1715 by Richard Hill , a resident of the village . Originally Richard Hill Primary School was located further up Anstey Lane but after expansion into the Memorial Hall in the early 1960s , it was moved further towards Leicester Road in 1968 , after accepting more students from Cropston and All Saints/Hall Farm Road . It was further extended by the addition of two classrooms in 1970 .
In recent years Richard Hill has had varied results in League Tables .
Thurcaston children go to The Martin High School in the neighbouring village of Anstey from the age of 11 to 16 , and The Cedars Academy and Rawlins Academy for 11–18 .
References
Villages in Leicestershire
Borough of Charnwood
Kenneth `` Ken '' R. Kratz ( born 1960/61 ) is an American former lawyer who served as district attorney of Calumet County , Wisconsin . They gained attention for trying a highly publicized homicide case , State of Wisconsin v. Steven Avery ( 2007 ) , in which Avery and their nephew Brendan Dassey were both convicted . The trial served as the subject of Making a Murderer ( 2015 ) , a 10-episode documentary series produced by Netflix .
Kratz resigned from their office in October 2010 after a sexting scandal ; they had sent sexual texts to a 26-year-old domestic violence victim whose ex-boyfriend they were prosecuting . Several other women whom they met as district attorney also complained to authorities that they had approached them with inappropriate sexual behavior . As a result , in 2014 , Kratz 's law license was suspended for four months by the Wisconsin Supreme Court . In 2013 , they settled a civil suit by the first woman who had brought the complaint against him .
Early life and education
Kratz is a native of Milwaukee , Wisconsin . They later lived in Onalaska , Wisconsin . After graduating from the University of Wisconsin–Whitewater in 1983 and Marquette Law School in 1985 , Kratz was admitted to the bar and licensed to practice law in Wisconsin in 1985 .
Career
They worked in the La Crosse , Wisconsin City Attorney 's Office as an assistant city attorney from 1985 to 1987 . They served as an assistant district attorney in La Crosse County , Wisconsin , from 1987 to 1992 , and said their specialties were drug-related cases and child sex abuse cases .
Kratz was appointed district attorney of Calumet County ( replacing Donald Poppy , who became a judge ) by Wisconsin Governor Tommy Thompson in 1992 ; they were the only applicant for the post . They served as president of the Wisconsin District Attorneys Association in 1996 . Kratz chaired the Wisconsin Victim Rights Council in 1993 as well as its successor , the Wisconsin Crime Victims Rights Board , from 1998 to 2010 .
In 1997 , Kratz prosecuted a prominent child abuse case in which parents allegedly locked their daughter in a cage . The mother pleaded guilty . In 2008 , Kratz explored a run for the Republican nomination in Wisconsin 's 6th congressional district .
Prosecution of 2005 murder of Teresa Halbach
Kratz was appointed special prosecutor and headed the investigation and prosecutions of Steven Avery and Brendan Dassey in neighboring Manitowoc County for the murder of Teresa Halbach on October 31 , 2005 . Manitowoc County had recused its officials because it was being sued by Avery for wrongful conviction , following their exoneration in 2003 of a 1985 conviction for which they had served 18 years in prison for a crime they did not commit .
Kratz gained convictions of both defendants in trials in 2007 . Avery was sentenced to life without parole . Dassey , then 17 , was sentenced to life imprisonment , with no parole before they reached the age of 56 . Dassey 's conviction was provisionally overturned in August 2016 , subject to appellate review .
2009 sexual harassment scandal
Behavior
In October 2009 , Kratz was prosecuting a domestic violence case against the ex-boyfriend of a 26-year-old victim , who was a college student and part-time preschool teacher . They filed a police report in Kaukauna , Wisconsin , reporting that after interviewing them in their office , Kratz had sent them 30 sexually coercive text messages over the span of three days . They said that they felt that they were trying to coerce them into a sexual relationship , fearing if they refused them they would dismiss the case against their ex-boyfriend .
Kratz wrote her , among other things , `` Are you the kind of girl that likes secret contact with an older married elected DA ... the riskier the better ? '' And : `` I would not expect you to be the other woman . I would want you to be so hot and treat me so well that you 'd be THE woman ! R U that good ? '' They wrote them as well : `` I 'm serious ! I 'm the atty . I have the $ 350,000 house . I have the 6-figure career . You may be the tall , young , hot nymph , but I am the prize ! '' Kratz did not deny sending them the text messages .
The report was referred to the state 's Division of Criminal Investigation . During the DCI investigation , a dozen or so more women came forward accusing Kratz of harassing and intimidating them .
One woman complained that Kratz had invited them to a date at a slain woman 's autopsy `` provided I act as their girlfriend and would wear high heels and a skirt , '' and another woman said after meeting them in their office they texted them asking how they would impress them in bed . At the time , Kratz was serving as chairperson of the Wisconsin Crime Victims ' Rights Board , a quasi-judicial agency that they helped create that can reprimand judges , prosecutors , and police officers who mistreat crime victims .
Kratz had also met a woman when they prosecuted them for shoplifting in 2006 . According to an investigatory report , they said that in 2009 they called their `` out of the blue , '' said they were getting a divorce , came to their apartment , and told them in a threatening manner that they `` knew everything about her '' and `` if they did not listen to him , they could get their 'jammed up . ' '' `` While Kratz was at [ the woman 's ] apartment , [ he ] said they tie women up , they listen to him , and they are in control . [ The woman ] stated that Kratz wanted them to engage in bondage with him . They said they instructed them to give them a 'blow job , ' and they did . '' Kratz then left $ 75 on their kitchen counter , and subsequently called and texted their 50 or 60 times , leaving angry messages when they ignored him . Kratz also allegedly put their hand up the skirt of another domestic violence victim in 1999 , when they were prosecuting their husband . In addition , the initial complainant , in a later lawsuit , charged that Kratz told another domestic abuse victim 10 years prior that `` he could have a dominatrix from Chicago with whom they were familiar train the victim/witness to be more submissive to their advances . ''
Aftermath
Wisconsin Governor Jim Doyle said Kratz 's actions `` appalled '' him . After Doyle began removal procedures against him , in October 2010 Kratz resigned from their $ 105,000 Calumet County district attorney position and later filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy .
In March 2011 , the Wisconsin Department of Justice decided that Kratz 's `` conduct appears to fit the connotation of 'misconduct ' and demonstrates inappropriate behavior , but does not satisfy the elements required to prosecute . '' That same month , they opened a private practice in Kimberly , Wisconsin . They practiced as a defense attorney . They closed the practice in January 2012 . After their accuser filed a federal civil suit against him , Kratz settled with them out of court in 2013 , a week before trial .
In June 2014 , Kratz 's law license was suspended for four months by the Wisconsin Supreme Court , which termed their actions `` sophomoric '' . The court called their actions `` appalling , '' writing `` This was exploitative behavior , harassing behavior , and a crass placement of their personal interests above those of their client , the State of Wisconsin . '' The court wrote further that Kratz `` raised arguments that ranged from the incredible ( e.g. , disputing their text messages ... contained sexual overtones ) ; to the hyper-technical ... ; to the inconsistent ... ; to the puzzling ( arguing that they could not have told ... that a reporter had `` big beautiful breasts '' because the reporter in question was beautiful , but not large breasted ) . '' During the disciplinary hearing , Kratz said they abused prescription drugs Ambien , Vicodin , and Xanax , and was being treated for sexual addiction and narcissistic personality disorder .
According to the State Bar of Wisconsin , Kratz has since voluntarily resigned their law license in the state .
In popular culture
Kratz 's role in the Steven Avery case was documented in the Netflix documentary series Making a Murderer ( 2015 ) . Kratz did not cooperate with the producers or interviewers in the series . They later criticized them , saying they had left out key pieces of evidence . After the release of the series , Kratz began receiving death threats . Their Yelp page was flooded with negative comments criticizing their tactics during the case .
Personal life
As of 1992 , Kratz was married and had one child . Kratz said they and their then-wife separated in October 2009 , and that they filed for divorce in December 2009 . Kratz is currently married to Leah .
References
Living people
Lawyers from Milwaukee
People from Calumet County , Wisconsin
People from La Crosse County , Wisconsin
District attorneys in Wisconsin
University of Wisconsin–Whitewater alumni
Marquette University Law School alumni
1960 births
Sexting
Sexual addiction
People with narcissistic personality disorder
The Scene Between is the fourth studio album by English band The Go ! Team . It was released on 24 March 2015 by Memphis Industries . The album was written and produced by leader Ian Parton after the band was officially dissolved after the promotion of their 2011 album Rolling Blackouts . Vocalists on the album include Emily Reo , Samira Winter , Casey Sowa , Atom , Doreen Kirchner , Glockabelle , The London African Gospel Choir and an Atlantan vocal trio .
Background
Following the band 's 2011-12 tour in support of their third album Rolling Blackouts , the then-current line-up decided to split . Says frontman Ian Parton , “ We had a band meeting after that gig , and kind of decided it was the end of the line . [ ... ] It was getting really hard to keep it together ; people were having kids , there were side projects going on , and honestly , we 'd kind of done everything that we wanted to . I knew I was going to keep on making music somehow , and it was kind of liberating to know that I could basically do what I wanted. ” The demise of the band 's classic line-up included the departure of lead vocalist Ninja , who is a Parton described as the `` face of the band '' .
Recording
The line-up 's split inspired Parton to go back to the band 's roots - similar to the production of the band 's debut , Thunder , Lightning , Strike , the album was entirely written and produced by him , excluding the vocals . Says Parton , “ I started the band myself , and did the first album alone , so I felt like I had the right to keep calling it The Go ! Team . [ ... ] Even on the last two records , I 'd still written them , musically speaking , from start to finish , but The Scene Between is the first time I 've gone right back to how things started . [ ... ] I 've always been the one who 's been arsed to listen to thousands of records , pluck some samples , and write songs around them . ”
The album was a departure from the group 's previous two albums , which were more band-oriented and groove-based . Parton instead decided to make a more straightforward , sample-based album with an emphasis on vocal melodies , saying “ The original plan was to write a whole bunch of songs that I thought were melodically interesting - kind of curvy , kind of dense . From there , I was going to try to build the songs out of chords I 'd taken from loads of different places ; I 'd get the G from a sixties psych record , or the B from an old funk track , or something . I was really into the idea of building it up . To some extent , I 've always worked that way , but I wanted to pursue that properly this time , and it actually turned out a lot more subtle than I thought it would . It 's like a balance between everything I 've always loved , musically . [ ... ] I guess I 'm just always interested in melodies , and the classic idea of the pop song , like The Monkees or something . I think The Scene Between picks up where songs like ‘ Ready to Go Steady ' and ‘ Buy Nothing Day ' left off on the last album , because there 's expansion and variation within an identifiable Go ! Team blueprint . ”
Parton expresses how they wished to avoid having any high-profile guest appearances on the album , as opposed to their previous two albums , which featured Chuck D ( ‘ Flashlight Fight ' on Proof of Youth ) and Bethany Cosentino ( ‘ Buy Nothing Day ' and ‘ Rolling Blackouts ' on Rolling Blackouts ) . “ I figured that the last two records were getting overshadowed , at points , by namedroppy features . [ ... ] [ It ] almost become the story of the album , and I wanted the songs to stand alone this time , ” they say . Instead , they chose to scout out a collective of relatively unknown vocalists , a process which included putting out open calls on the Drowned in Sound message board . Says Parton , “ It just involved a lot of scouring the world . [ ... ] I listened to a hell of a lot of different bands , mainly obscure ones . [ ... ] I was looking for something bordering on amateurishness . [ ... ] I knew some songs had to be quite full-on and bratty , and others needed to be smoother , or have a little bit of an accent on them . I was open to how it would ultimately turn out , but I had a vague idea of what I was gunning for . Take a song like ‘ Did You Know ? ' ; because that 's a slower one , I knew that a straightforward vocal might be too sickly , or too cute , and that I 'd need to take the edge off it . I needed to kind of Moe Tucker-ify it . ”
Release
The album was released on label Memphis Industries on 24 March 2015 . The band went on a tour to support the album , which notably included the return of classic line-up members Ninja and guitarist Sam Dook . Says Parton , “ A live show without [ Ninja ] would be a complete different ball game , so I 'm glad we 've got her ; I know they love doing it . We want to get to Japan and America , and do as much as we realistically can . ”
Between the Scene Between , a free cassette with download card , was given with copies of the album at independent record shops . It is a two-track release containing excerpts of songs from The Scene Between mixed together .
Track listing
Personnel
Credits for The Scene Between adapted from album liner notes .
The Go ! Team
Jamie Bell
Sam Dook
Rob Jones
Ian Parton
Additional musicians
Samira Winter – vocals on `` What D'You Say ? ''
The London African Gospel Choir – vocals on `` The Scene Between '' and `` The Art of Getting By ( Song for Heaven 's Gate ) ''
Casey Sowa – vocals on `` Waking the Jetstream ''
Doreen Kirchner – vocals on `` Blowtorch '' and `` Reason Left to Destroy ''
Shi Lu ( Atom ) – vocals on `` Did You Know ? ''
Annabelle Cazes – vocals on `` Catch Me on the Rebound ''
Emily Reo – vocals on `` Her Last Wave '' and `` Reason Left to Destroy ''
Production
Gareth Parton – mixing
Ian Parton – production
Streaky – mastering
Sam Williams – mixing
Artwork and design
Mark Jessett – artwork
Christian Pinchbeck – design
Charts
References
External links
2015 albums
The Go ! Team albums
Memphis Industries albums
Merise is a general-purpose modeling methodology in the field of information systems development , software engineering and project management . First introduced in the early 1980s , it was widely used in France , and was developed and refined to the point where most large French governmental , commercial and industrial organizations had adopted it as their standard methodology .
Merise proceeds to separate treatment of data and processes , where the data-oriented view is modelled in three stages , from conceptual , logical through to physical . Similarly , the process-oriented view passes through the three stages of conceptual , organizational and operational . These stages in the modelling process are paralleled by the stages of the life cycle : strategic planning , preliminary study , detailed study , development , implementation and maintenance . It is a method of analysis based on the entity-relationship model . By using Merise , you can design tables with relations to make a relational database .
References
D. Avison , `` MERISE : A European Methodology for Developing Information Systems '' , European Journal of Information Systems , Jan. 1991 , p. 183‑191
Quang , P.T. , Chartier-Kastler , C. ( 1991 ) , Merise in Practice , translated by D. E. and M. A. Avison Macmillan , Basingstoke , .
René Coletti , Arnold Rochfeld , Hubert Tardieu , La methode MERISE : Principes et outils ( Paperback - 1983 )
Frédéric LE , Yves TABOURIER , Hubert TARDIEU , Actes de la 3ème conférence « Comparative Review of Information System design methodologies - International federation for Information Processing » ( CRIS-IFIP , Working Group 8.1 ) , Amsterdam ( Hollande ) , 1986
Cha Ni Wong , La Fortuna : Prinsipyo ug Teorya
Jeralgene S. Macabinta : Study of Information Systems , 2008
See also
SSADM
UML
Entity-relationship model
Software development process
Crambus alienellus is a species of moth of the family Crambidae . It is found in Northern and Central Europe , Ussuri , Central Asia and Daghestan . Subspecies Crambus alienellus labradoriensis is found in Canada .
The wingspan is .
Subspecies
Crambus alienellus alienellus
Crambus alienellus labradoriensis Christoph , 1858 ( Canada )
Crambus alienellus dissectus Grote , 1880
External links
Swedish Moths
Crambini
Moths described in 1817
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Moths of North America
Pietro Monte ( Pietro del Monte , Pietro Monti , Latinized Petrus Montius ; 1457–1509 ) was a master of arms who lived in Milan in the late 15th century . They may have been either Spanish or Italian by birth .
They were acquainted with Leonardo da Vinci .
They are mentioned in Baldassarre Castiglione 's Libro del Cortegiano as the teacher of Galeazzo da Sanseverino , described as `` the true and only master of every form of trained strength and agility '' .
Monte is assumed to have compiled at least four combat treatises in the 1480s . Their De Dignoscendis Hominibus was printed in 1492 , but the others remained unpublished until their death in 1509 , when they were edited by one Giovanni Angelo Scinzenzeler as Exercitiorum Atque Artis Militaris Collectanea ( known as Collectanea for short ) and as De Singulari Certamine Sive Dissentione , De veritate unius legis et falsitate sectatrum . Milano 1509 ( 2nd ed . 1522 ) . Two of Monte 's manuscripts also survive , one kept in the Escorial library as MS A.IV.23 ( written in Spanish ) , the other in Biblioteca Estense as Codex Estense T.VII.25 ( written in Italian ) .
Monte was a condottiere who served in many armies with their military skill . Although their works are written in Latin , they served to teach multi-lingual armies of the time .
Monte 's system of fencing predates the classical Italian school of swordsmanship ( the Dardi school later in the 16th century ) . They were famous during their own time , but their system does not appear to have directly influenced their successors , and their work was largely forgotten .
They prefer ascending cuts over descending ones , and cuts from the right over cuts from the left , but considers the thrust ( stocchata vel puncta ) the most effective of all .
They recommend combining a series of cuts followed by a thrust `` to finish '' .
Monte is forgotten as a fencing master , but remembered as an Italian war hero , as they would rather die than leave the place they were ordered to defend . According to Sansovino the French King Louis XII sent out to search for the body of Monte on the battleground to have them buried with royal honours . According to historians , if everybody had done their duty like Monte Venice would have won the battle near Agnadel .
See also
Dardi school
References
Anglo , Sydney , The man who taught Leonardo darts . Pietro Monte and their lost fencing book . Antiquaries Journal LXIX , 1989. pp . 261–78 .
Anglo , Sydney , The Martial Arts of Renaissance Europe Yale University Press , 2000 , pp . 25ff .
Bascetta , Carlo . Sport E Giuochi : Trattati E Scritti Dal XV Al XVIII Secolo . Milan : Il Polifilo , 1978 .
Fontaine , Marie-Madeleine , Le condottiere Pietro del Monte , philosophe et écrivain de la Renaissance , 1457-1509 . Geneva-Paris : Slatkine , 1991 .
External links
The Association for Renaissance Martial Arts - essay
De dignoscendis hominibus interprete G. Ayora Corbubensi ( microfilm copy )
https : //archive.today/20130916133253/http : //www.fioredeiliberi.org/topics/sources/Monte_Collectanea/
15th-century Italian writers
1457 births
1509 deaths
Historical European martial arts
Tunnelton is an unincorporated community in Guthrie Township , Lawrence County , Indiana .
History
Tunnelton was platted in 1859 . Before Tunnelton was platted , the Tunnelton United Methodist Church was platted in 1816 by Thomas Milligan , the first minister in Lawrence County who also served all of Southern Indiana . The church itself , however , was built in 1891 . The first schoolhouse was built in 1881 , a large two story frame building . In 1910 a brick school was built , housing grade school and high school . In 1929 it was remodeled and later modernized . The Tunnelton High School had 250 to 300 in attendance . In 1957 a large , new gymnasium was completed . Now the school is abandoned . Its name commemorates local tunnels which had recently been completed on the railroad . The Tunnelton post office opened in 1860 and the first Postmaster from 1860 to 1881 was Alfred Guthrie who also owned the town 's General Store and was an agent of the B & O railroad . The second Postmaster was M.D. , `` Doc '' Guthrie who served from 1881 to 1885 they were the town 's physician .
On February 10 , 1882 , an ambush ( dubbed the Tunnelton Massacre ) occurred . Sometime during the 1880s the town had a tavern alongside the railroad . An old small brick building in town which now is privately owned , was used during the Underground Railroad .
The Big Tunnel
The town 's namesake comes from The Big Tunnel , a 1731 ft long tunnel that was completed on April 15 , 1857 , just two years before Tunnelton was laid out , or platted . The tunnel was constructed for the Ohio and Mississippi Railway , but is now controlled by CSX Transportation . At other points in time , it was controlled by the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway , as well as the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad . In 1898 , the tunnel was shortened and brick lined . Then , the following year , in 1899 , a 1700 ft companion tunnel , dubbed as The Little Tunnel , was turned into a cut . The tunnel is also known by the locals as `` The Tunnelton Tunnel '' . It is known as `` Ritner Tunnel '' , mainly to CSX transportation .
Geography
Tunnelton is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
1859 establishments in Indiana
Giovanni Lapentti Gómez ( ; born 25 January 1983 ) is retired Ecuadorian tennis player . Their brother is Nicolás Lapentti , another professional tennis player , while a third brother , Leonardo , has also been active at the lower levels of professional tennis .
Personal life
Lapentti married Andrea Gómez Miss Venezuela 2004 in 2011 and became a father in 2012 .
Tennis career
2002-2004
Lapentti announced their ATP debut in 2002 , but they actually had their first tour match in 2003 , at the Franklin Templeton Classic in Scottsdale , Arizona , United States . Lapentti obtained their first professional victory at that tournament 's first round , defeating Paradorn Srichaphan , 7–6 ( 7–2 ) , 6–2 . They lost in the tournament 's second round to David Sánchez .
They participated in 2003 's Italian and French Open , losing in the first round both times . During the French Open , they were tied at 2 sets apiece with Tommy Robredo but had to retire in the fifth set due to an injury , which did not allow them to return to the professional men 's tennis tour until 2004 .
Lapentti did not obtain a single victory during their second year as a professional , but they participated in tournaments held in Argentina , Mexico , Spain and Indian Wells , California .
2005-2013
Lapentti had better results in 2005 , losing in the Davis Cup playoffs to Jürgen Melzer ( he only played one Davis Cup game that year ) , advancing to the second round of the Legg Mason Classic , where they were defeated by Andy Roddick , getting to an ATP 's tournament 's third round for the first time in their career when they participated at the RCA Championships ( losing to Paul Goldstein in the third round ) , making the second round of the Campbell 's Hall of Fame Championship and the third round of the Tennis Channel Open . The only tournament that they participated in and failed to reach the second round during 2005 was the Pacific Life Open in Indian Wells , where they lost to Kevin Kim .
Lapentti was eliminated in the first round of 2006 's Pacific Life Open , that time by Mardy Fish . In June 2008 Lapentii won the Manta Open and had accomplished their goal also winning Costa Rica Seguros Bolivar Open in March 2011 .
References
External links
cbs.sportsline.com
1983 births
Living people
Ecuadorian expatriates in the United States
Ecuadorian male tennis players
Ecuadorian people of Italian descent
Ecuadorian people of Spanish descent
Sportspeople from Guayaquil
Wimbledon junior champions
Tennis players at the 2015 Pan American Games
Grand Slam ( tennis ) champions in boys ' doubles
South American Games medalists in tennis
South American Games gold medalists for Ecuador
Competitors at the 1998 South American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Ecuador
María Protópappa ( ; born 5 May 1973 in Athens ) is a retired Greek long-distance runner who mainly competed in the 5000 metres . They represented their country at the 2004 Summer Olympics without reaching the final .
Competition record
Personal bests
Outdoor
1500 metres – 4:10.51 ( Bucharest 2002 )
3000 metres – 8:59.49 ( Haniá 2002 )
5000 metres – 15:04.03 ( Brussels 2006 )
10,000 metres – 32:46.17 ( Maribor 2004 )
Indoor
3000 metres – 9:19.41 ( Piraeus 2001 )
References
1973 births
Living people
Greek female long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Greece
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Athletes from Athens
Braemar is a village in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , located in the eastern Grampian Mountains .
Braemar may also refer to :
Braemar , New South Wales , a village in Australia
M/S Braemar or M/S Regina Baltica , a ferry
MS Braemar , a 1993 cruise ship
See also
Braemar Castle , a castle near Braemar , Scotland
Braemar Gathering or Braemar Games , in Braemar , Scotland
Braemar Hill , Hong Kong
Riva Lehrer ( born in 1958 in Cincinnati , Ohio ) is an American painter , writer , teacher , and speaker . Lehrer was born with spina bifida and has undergone numerous surgeries throughout their life . Them work focuses on issues of physical identity and how bodies are viewed - or deliberately hidden - by society , especially in explorations of cultural depictions of disability . Lehrer is well known as both an artist and an activist in the field of Disability Culture .
Early life
Them early education took place at Condon School for Handicapped Children , which was one of the first schools in the United States to offer a standardized education to disabled children . They had many surgeries in their early life to render their body more `` normal '' . Living a huge part of their childhood in the hospital , they got an intimate view of medicine and this has helped them in their career as an educator and an artist . In 1980 , they moved to Chicago , where they have lived and exhibited their work ever since .
Career
Them work focuses on people 's physical identity as well as political themes , especially in regards to disability . After moving to Chicago , they encountered the works of other artists , joined a disabled artist group , and began one of their best known series , the Circle Stories . Currently Lehrer is the curator for the Access Living collection of art and an auxiliary professor at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago . Them interest in anatomy originally led them to consider a career in medicine but due to the lack of accommodations they soon felt this goal was unrealistic .
Instead they decided on an art career where they had more control over things like their schedule , but where they could still “ prove their interests in biology and medicine ” . I works on a whole are meant to reject the idea of pity and inspire a new way of thinking about the beauty of disabilities .
from their web site : Bio | riva-lehrer-art ( rivalehrerart.com )
Lehrer 's creative work has been supported through a variety of grants and awards . Awards include the 2017 3Arts MacDowell Fellowship for writing , 2015 3Arts Residency Fellowship at the University of Illinois ; the 2014 Carnegie Mellon Fellowship at Haverford and Bryn Mawr Colleges ; the 2009 Prairie Fellowship at the Ragdale Foundation . Grants include the 2009 Critical Fierceness Grant , the 2008 3Arts Foundation Grant , and the 2006 Wynn Newhouse Award for Excellence , ( NYC ) , as well as grants from the Illinois Arts Council , the University of Illinois , and the National Endowment for the Arts .
Teaching experience
School of the Art Institute of Chicago . Adjunct Professor , 2000-current
University of Illinois Free School Workshops , 2014
Northwestern University , Medical Humanities . Seminar instructor . 2012-current .
University of Illinois at Chicago , Department of Medical Humanities . Visiting Artist and Instructor , Gross Anatomy Laboratory 2003-2006
Evanston Art Center , 1992-2002
Acrylic Paint Technical Advisor . Dick Blick Art Supplies . Golden Paints
Circle Stories
Riva Lehrer began the Circle Stories series in 1997 and continued expanding it until 2004 . Circle Stories is a series of portraits of Lehrer 's fellow disabled artists . The title of the series refers to the `` circular '' method that Lehrer employed in the creative process , `` involving extensive interviews with each participant . '' In their work , they aim to honor the “ community of disabled innovators who provide support and context for the work of redefinition of disability in the 21st century '' .
Other series
Lehrer 's If Body series stems from the fact that people tend to visualize what they are going to look like at an older age and how that image can change over time . The pieces themselves represent their personal ideals about their body and how those ideals have changed over time . “ The self-portraits of If Body series chart this schism between the imaginary “ normal ” body I imagine I “ should ” have had , and my relationship to my subjective “ actual ” body '' .
The Family series breaks the stereotype or myth that disabled people are loners and shows that people , disabled or not , form links , connections , and relationships with others . Lehrer explains “ The Family drawings are an ongoing document of my own community of belonging . Some are blood relations , others are people who I consider part of my survival . They are a testament to the power that human beings have to transform each others lives ” .
The Totems and Familiars series are portraits that focus on people 's objects of power ( totems ) and alter egos ( familiars , ) and how this iconography `` helped ( her subjects ) through troubled times . ''
Golem Girl
Lehrer 's 2020 book Golem Girl : a memoir , published by Virago , was the first winner of the Barbellion Prize , a literary award for writers who live with illness or disability . It was also a finalist for the 2020 National Book Critics Circle Award for Memoir and Autobiography . In Kirkus Reviews it was described as `` An extraordinary memoir suffused with generosity , consistent insight , and striking artwork . ''
Exhibits
AIR Gallery
Aldrich Museum of Contemporary Art ( Ridgefield , CT ) ,
Arnot Museum
Chicago Cultural Center
DeCordova Museum ( Lincoln , MA ) .
Elmhurst Museum
Frye Art Museum ( Seattle , WA ) ,
Herron Gallery at Indiana University
Lafayette Museum of Art
Mary Leigh Bloch Museum
Mobile Museum of Art
Muskegon Museum of Art ( MI ) ,
National Museum of Women in the Arts ( Washington , D.C. ) ,
Printworks Gallery ( Chicago )
Riverside Arts Center
Susan Cummis Gallery
United Nations ( NY )
University of Notre Dame
Selected publications
Awards , achievements , and recognitions
2020 · Barbellion Prize for Golem Girl
2017 · Society for Disability Studies Presidential Award
2015 · 3Arts Residency Fellowship at the University of Illinois
2014 · Mellon Residency Fellowship at Haverford and Bryn Mawr Colleges
2010 · The Critical Fierceness Grant
2009 · Prairie Fellowship at the Ragdale Foundation
2008 · Three Arts Foundation of Chicago grant for artistic achievement
2007 · Wynn Newhouse Award , Samuel I. Newhouse Foundation
2006 · Wynn Newhouse Award for Excellence ( an unrestricted grant for $ 50,000 )
2001 · Carol J. Gill Award for Disability Culture , The Progress Center , Chicago
1999 · Chicago Artist 's Assistance Program Grant , Chicago Department of Cultural Affair
1999 · Special Assistance Grant , Illinois Arts Council
1998 · Honorable Mention , Portrait Show , Elmhurst Art Museum
1996-97 · Arts Midwest/NEA Regional Visual Arts Fellowship Award
1993-95 · Presidential Merit Scholarship , The School of the Art Institute , Chicago
1994 · Scholarship , Anderson Ranch , Snowmass CO
1993 · First Prize , Schoharie National Small Works Show
1992 · Honorable Mention , Schoharie National Small Works Show
References
External links
Artist Website Riva Lehrer
Printworks
New House Award
1958 births
Living people
Writers from Cincinnati
20th-century American painters
21st-century American painters
American women writers
Artists with disabilities
American women painters
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American women artists
People with spina bifida
Educators from Ohio
American women educators
UEFA Euro 2000 is the official game of UEFA Euro 2000 football tournament hosted in Belgium and the Netherlands . The game was published by EA Sports and developed by EA Canada . It is available for PC and PlayStation .
The game was EA Sports ' first game based on the European Championships after obtaining the official licence from UEFA , which had previously been held by Gremlin Interactive . The game features all 49 teams from the qualification stage of the Euro 2000 championships , as well as the hosts Belgium and the Netherlands who qualified for the finals automatically . The player can choose one of the teams and attempt to qualify them for the tournament and then participate in the finals themselves .
Paul Oakenfold provides the game 's music , whilst commentary is from John Motson and Mark Lawrenson .
Reception
Critical
Reviewing the PlayStation version , PlayStation Max made several comparisons to EA Sports ' other football video game , FIFA 2000 . They considered Euro 2000 to very similar but slower and more jerky to play than FIFA 2000 and also noted that it contained fewer teams compared to FIFA due to its focus on European international teams , whereas FIFA has international teams from across the world as well as club teams . This led to a rating of 65 % . Eurogamer gave the same console version a negative review , stating , `` It is tough to believe this game has been thoroughly playtested , but it 's clearly passed all the necessary criteria to warrant shelf life . The whole product feels incredibly rushed , with more emphasis on making the menu system look nice than making a game worth playing . '' The site went on to say , `` Even in the graphics department , things have taken a slight nose-dive , with player definition not up to the usual standards . The one saving grace is the crowd and commentary , but it 's made pretty much redundant when offset against the game 's overall failings , '' which led to a score of three out of ten .
IGN reviewed the PC version , commenting that the frame rate that the game ran at had dropped compared to FIFA 2000 possibly due to increased crowd and stadium detail . Noting the similarities between the game and FIFA 2000 , they cited it as a `` classic example of the company milking the soccer fan 's money for yet another largely identical game of the FIFA soccer series '' and suggested to `` wait for FIFA 2001 '' .
References
External links
2000 video games
Association football video games
EA Sports games
Electronic Arts games
Esports games
Europe-exclusive video games
FIFA ( video game series )
PlayStation ( console ) games
UEFA Euro 2000
UEFA European Championship video games
Video games developed in Canada
Video games set in 2000
Video games set in Belgium
Video games set in the Netherlands
Windows games
St. Stephens is an unincorporated census-designated place in Washington County , Alabama , United States . Its population was 580 . Located near the Tombigbee River in the southwestern part of the state and 67 miles north of Mobile , it is composed of two distinct sites : Old St. Stephens and New St. Stephens . The Old St. Stephens site lies directly on the river and is no longer inhabited . It was the territorial capital of the Alabama Territory . Now encompassed by the Old St. Stephens Historical Park , it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Changes in the territorial capital and transportation resulted in the Old St. Stephens site being bypassed by development . `` New '' St. Stephens developed two miles inland around a railway station , but adjacent to the old site . It is the location of the post office , Baptist and Methodist churches , and residences . It has one building listed on the National Register and another on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage .
Demographics
St. Stephens first appeared on the 1890 U.S. Census as an unincorporated village . It did not reappear again until 2010 when it was classified as a census-designated place ( CDP ) .
History
Old St. Stephens was situated on a limestone bluff that the Native Americans called Hobucakintopa . It was located at the fall line of the Tombigbee River , where rocky shoals ended navigation for boats traveling north from Mobile , 67 miles to the south . The fall line marked the piedmont and uplands of the state . As early as 1772 , British surveyor Bernard Romans noted that `` sloops and schooners may come up to this rapid ; therefore , I judge some considerable settlement will take place . ''
By 1789 , when the territory was again under Spanish control , the governor of Mobile , Juan Vincente Folch , established a fort and outpost here . By 1796 over 190 white residents , mostly settlers from the United States , and their 97 or so enslaved African-American workers , were living around the fort . Under the Treaty of San Lorenzo following the American Revolutionary War , Spain transferred the fort to the United States on February 5 , 1799 . This region was included in the Mississippi Territory .
The Choctaw Trading House was established in 1803 at St. Stephens , named for the dominant Native American tribe in the area . Americans traded manufactured goods such as tools and cloth for deerskins . George Strother Gaines was appointed by the federal government to head the Choctaw Agency in 1805 as the federal representative to the people . They continued to use the old Spanish blockhouse as the agency 's store and established a land office in the former warehouse . They used the home of the former Spanish commandant as their own residence . In 1811 Gaines constructed what may have been the first brick building built by Americans in ( today 's ) Alabama ; it served as a warehouse .
In 1804 Ephraim Kirby was appointed superior court judge of the Mississippi Territory by President Thomas Jefferson . In a letter to the president , Kirby described the residents of St. Stephens as `` illiterate , wild and savage , of depraved morals , unworthy of public confidence or private esteems , litigious , disunited , and knowing each other , universally distrustful of each other . '' Pioneer minister Lorenzo Dow saw these weak points as a challenge , especially when they were asked to leave town . Dow , in a dramatic manner , prophesied the town 's demise within a century , that it would become a `` roosting place for bats and owls '' and a ruin in which `` no stone would lie upon another . ''
Settlers living around Fort St. Stephens requested official recognition from the Mississippi Territorial legislature , which chartered the town of St. Stephens on January 8 , 1807 . The charter was amended on December 18 , 1811 , and the settlement was officially renamed Saint Stephens . By 1815 , the Mississippi Territorial legislature surveyed the town site and lots were sold . Approximately 40 houses were reported in the town in 1816 .
Following Mississippi 's statehood in 1817 , the Alabama Territory was established . St. Stephens served as its territorial capital from 1817 to 1819 , stimulating rapid town growth . By 1819 St. Stephens boasted over 500 homes . Its approximately 20 stores and commercial establishments included two hotels , legal and medical offices , and a theatre .
Among the prominent citizens of St. Stephens was Henry Hitchcock , first attorney general of Alabama and later chief justice of the state Supreme Court . A post office was established in 1818 , and George Fisher carried mail between St. Stephens and Mobile . Thomas Eastin published the Halcyon and Tombeckbe Advertiser , the fourth newspaper established in the Alabama Territory . Eastin described St. Stephens as a town of elegant tree-shaded homes , spacious streets , and genteel citizens . Washington Academy , a private boys school founded in 1811 , was located on a prominent hill in town . The Tombecbe Bank , the first to be chartered in the state , was established by Israel Pickens , who would later be elected as the third governor of Alabama .
When the first state assembly adjourned at St. Stephens on February 14 , 1818 , many Alabama residents thought the capital should be moved to a more central location . Tuscaloosa was under consideration when Governor William Wyatt Bibb made the announcement in 1819 that the capital would be moved to Cahaba . This change threatened the future of St. Stephens . In addition , the development of shallow draft boats permitted travelers to pass over the shoals and venture further upriver past the town . Lastly , yellow fever outbreaks caused high mortality in the town .
Railway construction bypassed the town , and a station was established about two miles west of the river . Within two decades , most of the remaining residents had moved around the station to settle New St. Stephens . By 1833 the old town site was reduced in population to a small village ; by the time of the American Civil War , it had largely been superseded by the new town .
The old site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 29 , 1970 . The St. Stephens Historical Commission , which oversees the Old St. Stephens Historical Park , was incorporated in 1988 , with a mission to promote and sponsor historical research and archaeological studies of Old St. Stephens . In 1999 , the Alabama Historical Commission gave it a grant for archaeological studies . The goal was to complete a map of the old town site , denoting the location of streets , building foundations , cellar depressions , and cisterns , and to excavate some of the old building sites .
`` New '' St. Stephens has one building listed on the National Register of Historic Places , the St. Stephens Courthouse . Listed on July 3 , 1997 , it has been restored by the St. Stephens Historical Commission to serve as a visitor center and local history museum near the entrance road to the Old St. Stephens Historical Park . Additionally , the St. Stephens Methodist Church building , completed in 1857 , was listed on the Alabama Register of Landmarks and Heritage on March 25 , 1976 .
See also
List of current and former capital cities within U.S. states
References
External links
Saint Stephens , Alabama
Saint Stephens , Alabama
Census-designated places in Washington County , Alabama
Census-designated places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Washington County , Alabama
Ghost towns in Alabama
The South Australian wine industry is responsible for more than half the production of all Australian wine . South Australia has a vast diversity in geography and climate which allows the state to be able to produce a range of grape varieties–from the cool climate Riesling variety in the Clare Valley wine region to the big , full bodied Shiraz wines of the Barossa Valley .
Some of Australia 's best-known wines like Penfolds Grange , Jacob 's Creek , Yalumba and Henschke Hill of Grace are produced there , as well as many of Australia 's mass-produced box wines .
As with most agriculture in Australia , irrigation is vital to the success of the South Australian wine industry .
History
The earliest recorded evidence of vine planting was in 1836 by a settler named John Barton Hack in Chichester Gardens , North Adelaide .
In 1838 George Stevenson planted a vineyard in Adelaide and may have been producing wine as early as 1841 , while John Reynell planted a vineyard with 500 cuttings from Tasmania in 1841 , and made wine in 1843 . Following the spread of urban development , Hack 's vines were pulled up and replanted in a new vineyard at Echunga Springs near Mount Barker . In 1843 , they sent a case of wine made from the vineyard to Queen Victoria , being the first Australian wine to reach the Queen .
Dr Christopher Rawson Penfold established their medical practice at `` The Grange '' in Magill in 1844 , planting the vine cuttings from southern France that they had brought with them when emigrating to Australia .
Climate and geography
Located in south central Australia , South Australia is bordered by the four other mainland states , ( Western Australia to the west , Queensland to the north east , New South Wales to the east , Victoria to the south east ) , the Northern Territory to the north , and the Great Australian Bight forms the state 's southern coastline .
The climate of the state varies greatly , with the more interior regions like the Riverland being intensely hot , and growing cooler closer to the coastal regions like Adelaide Hills . Across the region there is low annual rainfall which necessitates irrigation to counter droughts .
Vines are grown at altitudes from the low valley regions of the Barossa and the Riverland up to high in the vineyards at Pewsey Vale in the Eden Valley . The soil types are also varied , and include the terra rosa of the Coonawarra region , the limestone-marl based soils of the Adelaide and Riverland areas , and the sandy , clay loam based soils of the Barossa .
Wine zones and regions
Since the 1960s , Australia 's labeling laws have used an appellation system known as the Australian Geographical Indication ( AGI or geographical indication ) which distinguishes the geographic origins of the grape . Under these laws , at least 85 % of the grapes must be from the region that is designated on the label . In the late 1990s more definitive boundaries were established that divided Australia up into Geographic Indications known as zones , regions and subregions .
Adelaide super zone
In South Australia , a fourth geographical indication known as a super zone is used which consists of a group of adjoining zones . As of 2014 , only one 'super zone ' exists : this is the Adelaide region which consists of the Barossa , Fleurieu and Mount Lofty Ranges zones . The Adelaide super zone was registered as an AGI on 27 December 1996 .
Barossa zone
The Barossa zone is located just outside the north-east of the Adelaide metropolitan area .
The Barossa Valley wine region is one of Australia 's oldest and most prestigious premium wine-producing regions , known for its Shiraz production . The area 's climate is very hot and dry ( for a wine-producing area ) . Most of the area 's white wine plantings ( Chardonnay , Riesling and Semillon ) are located on the higher altitude hill sides around the valley where they can be cooled by the ocean breeze . In recent times the area has found some success with plantings of Rhône varietals including Grenache and Mourvèdre . Due to the hot climate , the grapes can become overripe , which requires the winemakers to limit the maceration time to prevent the wines from being overly tannic .
The Eden Valley wine region includes the High Eden sub-region , and is known for its rockier , more acidic soil than the neighbouring Barossa Valley . The area has a higher elevation ( in the range ) , and thus has a colder , wetter climate . The Eden Valley is home to the Hill of Grace vineyard with its 140+ year old Shiraz vines that are behind the Henschke Hill of Grace wine . The Eden Valley has also gained international attention for its limestone noted Rieslings .
Fleurieu zone
The Fleurieu zone is located south of the Adelaide metropolitan area , between the mouth of the River Murray and the Gulf St Vincent and includes Kangaroo Island .
The Currency Creek wine region is located on the west side of Lake Alexandrina between Milang , the Murray Mouth , Port Elliot and just south of Ashbourne including the town of Currency Creek . Chardonnay , Riesling , Sauvignon blanc and Semillon grow here , though the area also produces some notable red wines .
The Kangaroo Island wine region is located just off the coast of South Australia and is known for its Bordeaux style wines . Most of the vineyards are found on the ironstone and sandy loam soils near Kingscote .
The Langhorne Creek wine region is located southeast of Adelaide along the Bremer River . Orlando Wines sources many of the grapes for its Jacob 's Creek brand from this area which has also developed a reputation of its dessert wines .
The McLaren Vale wine region is located south of Adelaide and extends to the south of Morphett Vale . With the area 's of rain , and diversity of soil types including sand , clay and limestone , this area produces a wide range of wines with Shiraz , Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot , Chardonnay , Semillon and Sauvignon blanc being the most widely planted .
The Southern Fleurieu region is located on the southern end of the Fleurieu Peninsula . The area 's sandy loam and gravel based ironstone soil supports Cabernet Sauvignon , Malbec , Riesling and Viognier plantings . Shiraz , Sauvignon blanc , Merlot and Primitivo are also planted at Nangkita in the centre of the Peninsula .
Mount Lofty Ranges zone
The Mount Lofty Ranges zone is located immediately to the east of Adelaide , north of the Fleurieu zone and south and north of the Barossa zone .
The Adelaide Hills is located from the Gulf St Vincent coast ; winds from which have a tempering effect on the mediterranean climate of this region , making it one of the coolest in South Australia . The region contains two sub-regions , Lenswood and Piccadilly Valley .
The Adelaide Plains is one of the hottest and flattest wine regions in South Australia . The area 's Magill vineyards located on the edge of the foothills : `` The Grange '' , pioneered by Christopher Rawson Penfold , and `` Auldana '' , pioneered by W. P. Auld , once provided the grapes for the production of Penfolds ' Grange . There were once a number of vineyards on the Plains to the south of the Adelaide city centre , but these areas are now covered with Adelaide 's suburban sprawl .
The Clare Valley is South Australia 's most northerly major wine district . The region contains two areas considered to be sub-regions - Polish Hill River and Watervale . Despite its hot and dry climate , many of the vineyards in this area are not irrigated . This helps to reduce crop yields and to concentrate the flavours in the grape . The region is known for its ability to produce Chardonnays , Semillons , and Rieslings that range from full body and luscious to light and delicate .
Far North zone
The Far North zone is located north of the Clare Valley wine region .
The Southern Flinders Ranges has been planted with vineyards since the 1890s , but has only recently started to gain the attention of the international wine community . Located along the Goyder 's Line , the area receives an ample amount of rainfall and tends to harvest earlier than the more southerly Clare and Barossa valleys . The area is best suited for Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot and Shiraz .
Limestone Coast zone
The Limestone Coast zone is located in the south-east of the state , bounded by the continental coastline to the south , the border with the neighbouring state of Victoria to the east and the Lower Murray wine zone to the north .
The Coonawarra covers an area centred on the strip of land adjoining both sides of the Riddoch Highway mainly north of the town of Penola and is bordered by the Wrattonbilly region in the north , by the Mount Gambier region in the south and by the Victorian border in the east . It is known for the Cabernet Sauvignon grown in its terra rossa soil . For years there were disputes within the Coonawarra region about which vineyards could rightfully be considered `` Coonawarra '' , and which were outside the boundaries . The soil itself became the deciding factor , with the lands with red terra rossa soil being visually distinguishable from the black soil found interspersed throughout the region . In addition to Cabernet , the region has also found some success with its Chardonnay , Malbec , Merlot , Petit Verdot , Pinot noir , Riesling , Sauvignon blanc , Semillon and Shiraz .
The Mount Benson wine region is located in the southeastern part of the state near the Robe wine region , west of Coonawarra . In the late 20th century , the area saw an influx of foreign investment , including the Rhône wine estate M. Chapoutier and the Belgium Kreglinger winery . The wines made here tend to be fruitier and less tannic than Coonawarra .
The Mount Gambier wine region is located around the regional city of Mount Gambier . The first planting of vines occurred in 1982 . The region received appellation as an Australian Geographical Indication in 2010 and as of 2014 , is represented by 20 vineyards and eight wineries .
The Padthaway wine region is a little north of , and slightly warmer than , Coonawarra , but it is better known for its white wine production , particularly Chardonnay . The wines here are known for the balance of their natural acidity and fruit .
The Robe wine region is located near Mount Benson in the southeast part of the state , west of Coonawarra .
The Wrattonbully wine region is located between Coonawarra and Padthaway and had its first commercial vineyards established in the area in 1968 . The climate of the region is similar to Coonawarra , but vineyards in the Wrattonbully region tend to be higher elevated and on better drained soils . The soil of the area includes clay , sand and loam on top of limestone , with some patches of terra rossa . Cabernet Sauvignon and Shiraz are the most popular plantings .
Lower Murray zone
The Lower Murray zone which is located to the east of the Adelaide superzone , is bounded by the Limestone Coast zone to the south , the Far North zone to the north and by the border with Victoria to the east .
The Riverland wine region is the highly irrigated land where a large percentage of Australia 's bulk and box wines are produced , similar to the Riverina region in New South Wales . Cabernet Sauvignon , Chardonnay , Malbec and Riesling are some of the largest plantings in the area . The Riverland region also has one of the larger single plantings of Petit Verdot in the world , with Kingston Estate planting of this variety .
The Peninsulas zone
The Peninsulas zone covers the entire Yorke Peninsula , an adjoining portion of the Mid North of South Australia , the portion of Eyre Peninsula south of a line of latitude approximately in line with Crystal Brook and the islands located off the adjoining coastline . It is bounded by the Far North zone to its north by the Mount Lofty Ranges zone to its east .
South Eastern Australia wine region
The South Eastern Australia wine region covers the area south of a line running from Ceduna in western South Australia to the junction of the borders of New South Wales , Queensland and South Australia ( known as Cameron Corner ) and then to the intersection of the Tropic of Capricorn with the eastern continental coastline . This region was registered as an AGI on 1 May 1996 .
See also
Australian wine
List of wineries in South Australia
References
Citations
Sources
External links
South Australian Wine Industry Association – SA peak industry body official site
Phylloxera and Grape Industry Board of South Australia
Vine Guide - search over 300 South Australian wineries
Wine
Australian wine
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1521 .
Events
January 3 – Pope Leo X excommunicates Martin Luther , by the papal bull Decet Romanum Pontificem .
January 14 – Martin Luther writes to Johann von Staupitz , saying that they have burned the papal bull .
February 9 – Íñigo López de Mendoza y Zúñiga arrives in Rome to campaign against Erasmus ; later in the year they publish an account of their journey from Spain .
June ( probably 29 or 30 ) – Neacșu 's letter , the oldest surviving dateable document written primarily in the Romanian language ( in the Romanian Cyrillic alphabet ) , is approximately dated to this month .
August 13 – Marko Marulić 's poem Judita ( Judith , written 1501 ) , a landmark in Croatian literature , is printed in Venice by Guglielmo da Fontaneto .
unknown date – John Siberch is active in Cambridge , the city 's earliest known printer .
New books
Prose
Codex Ňuu Tnoo - Ndisi Nuu
Jacopo Berengario da Carpi – Commentaria cum amplissimus additionibus super anatomiam Mundini ( published in Bologna ) , containing the first printed anatomical illustrations taken from nature
Goražde Psalter
Henry VIII of England – Defence of the Seven Sacraments ( Assertio Septem Sacramentorum )
Niccolò Machiavelli – The Art of War ( Dell'arte della guerra )
Piri Reis – Kitab-ı Bahriye
Poetry
Alexander Barclay – The Boke of Codrus and Mynalcas , the author 's `` Fourth Eclog ''
Henry Bradshaw – The Life of St. Werburgh
Andrew Chertsey , The Passyon of Oure Lorde , translated from French with additional verses inserted and introductory poem by Robert Copland ( published in London by Wynkyn de Worde )
Christmas Carols , including `` A caroll of huntynge '' and `` A carol bringyng in the bores heed ''
Robert Copland – Introductory verse to The Myrrour & the Chyrche ( published in London by Wynkyn de Worde )
Approximate year
( A Book of a Ghostly Father , published in London by Wynkyn de Worde )
John Skelton , `` The Tunnyng of Elynour Rummyng ''
Births
May 8 – Peter Canisius , German theologian ( died 1597 )
unknown dates
Sir Thomas Chaloner the elder , English statesman and poet ( died 1565 )
Xu Wei ( 徐渭 ) , Chinese painter , poet and dramatist ( died 1593 )
probable
Anne Askew , English poet and Protestant martyr ( burned at the stake 1546 )
Jorge de Montemor , Portuguese novelist and poet writing in Spanish ( died 1561 )
Pontus de Tyard , French poet and priest , a member of La Pléiade ( died 1605 )
Deaths
May 10 – Sebastian Brant , German satirical poet and humanist ( born c. 1457 )
unknown date– Jean Bourdichon , French illuminator of manuscripts ( born 1457/9 )
References
1521
1521 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
`` Sweet Silver Lining '' is a promo single from American singer-songwriter Kate Voegele 's second studio album , A Fine Mess . This single , and the rest of their album , is produced by Mike Elizondo , who has worked with the likes of P ! nk and Maroon 5 .
Track listing
Digital download
`` Sweet Silver Lining '' – 3:37
Charts
References
2009 singles
2009 songs
Interscope Records singles
Song recordings produced by Mike Elizondo
Bowling and Barkerend is a ward in the metropolitan borough of the City of Bradford , West Yorkshire , England . It contains 31 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England . Of these , one is listed at Grade I , the highest of the three grades , two are at Grade II * , the middle grade , and the others are at Grade II , the lowest grade . The ward covers an area to the east of the centre of Bradford , and is largely residential . In the ward is Undercliffe Cemetery , and a number of monuments in the cemetery are listed . Most of the other listed buildings are houses and cottages , and the other listed buildings include schools , churches , public houses , and a former textile mill ,
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Listed
Verizon New England , Inc. is a Bell Operating Company that serves most of Massachusetts and all of Rhode Island . It was formerly New England Telephone and Telegraph Company , more commonly known as New England Telephone , which for seven decades served most of the New England area of the United States as a part of the original AT & T . New England Telephone 's coverage area included Maine , New Hampshire , and Vermont as well as Massachusetts and Rhode Island , but Verizon sold off service in the northern three states , which as of 2020 are served by Consolidated Communications .
After the Bell System divestiture , New England Telephone merged with New York Telephone to form NYNEX in 1984 . NYNEX was acquired by Bell Atlantic in 1997 . In 2000 , Bell Atlantic bought GTE and changed its own name to Verizon . New England Telephone was then renamed Verizon New England .
History
New England Telephone & Telegraph Company ( N.E.T. & T . Co. ) was incorporated in the State of New York in 1883 by consolidation of The Bay State Telephone Co. , The Boston & Northern Telephone Co. , The Granite State Telephone Co. , The National Bell Telephone Company of Maine , Suburban Telephone Co. , Pioneer Telephone Co. , Chesire Telephone Co. , and The Telephone Despatch Company of Boston . It gained a controlling interest in smaller regional companies in New England including the Southern Massachusetts telephone Co. ( 1899 ) and Providence Telephone Co. ( 1912 ) . The smaller companies were subsequently absorbed by N.E.T. & T .
The company has no connection to an earlier New England Telephone and Telegraph Company , a short-lived company that dissolved in 1879 . It also had no connection to Southern New England Telephone ( SNET ) which covered Connecticut and small parts of New York .
Its slogan and jingle was `` We 're the one for you , New England . New England Telephone . ''
NYNEX was acquired by Bell Atlantic in 1997 and began doing business under that name ; however , New England Telephone retained its original corporate name . In 2000 , Bell Atlantic bought GTE and changed its own name to Verizon . New England Telephone was then renamed Verizon New England , Inc .
On April 1 , 2008 , Verizon 's operations in Maine , New Hampshire , and Vermont were sold to FairPoint Communications as Northern New England Telephone Operations and Telephone Operating Company of Vermont . In 2017 , FairPoint sold them to Consolidated Communications .
Workers of Verizon New England are represented by the IBEW 2222 labor union .
Verizon New England is headquartered at 6 Bowdoin Square in downtown Boston , with regional headquarters at 1070 Hancock Street in Quincy , Massachusetts .
See also
List of wired multiple-system broadband providers in Massachusetts ( by municipality )
References
External links
NYNEX logo timeline
IBEW 2222
Bell System
Verizon Communications
Companies based in Boston
Telecommunication companies based in Massachusetts
Communications in Massachusetts
Communications in Rhode Island
New England
Telecommunication companies established in 1883
Armenian opera is the art of opera in Armenia or opera by Armenian composers . The founder of the Armenian operatic tradition was Tigran Chukhajian ( 1837–98 ) , who was born in Constantinople in the Ottoman Empire and received their musical education in Milan , where they became a great admirer of Verdi . They were a political and musical nationalist who mixed Western and Armenian influences in their work . Their Arshak Erkrord is regarded as the first Armenian opera . It was written in 1868 but had to wait until 1945 for a full staging . The libretto , by Tovmas Terzian , is based on the life of the 4th-century king Arsaces II ( Arshak II ) . Chukhadjian 's other operas include Arifi khardakhutyune ( The Government Inspector , based on the play by Gogol , 1872 ) ; Zemire ( 1891 ) , which was written in Turkish and premiered in Constantinople ; as well as Kyose Kyokhva ( `` The Balding Elder '' ) , Lelebidj ( `` The Pea Seller '' ) and Indiana .
The next important composer of Armenian opera was Armen Tigran Tigranian ( 1878-1950 ) who lived in Russian Armenia and the Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic . They wrote Anoush , set in the Armenian countryside , in 1912 ( first performed in Alexandrapol ) but it had to wait until 1935 for its full professional staging at the Armenian National Opera Theater . It made heavy use of folk music , as did Tigranyan 's last opera , David Bek ( 1950 ) . Based on the life of the eponymous national hero and set in the 18th century , it depicts the struggle between Armenians and Safavid Persians . Other leading Armenian opera composers include Alexander Spendiaryan and Haro Stepanian .
Sources
Donald Grout A Short History of Opera ( Columbia University Press , 4th ed. , 2003 )
Opera by country
Armenian music
Plath is a crater on Mercury . Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) in 2015 . The crater is named for American poet Sylvia Plath .
Plath contains hollows .
Plath is just south of the crater Sōseki .
References
Impact craters on Mercury
Gjögur Airport ( ) is an airport serving the small population of the Árneshreppur district in the Westfjords of north-west Iceland , on the coast of Húnaflói bay .
Operations
It is staffed part-time by an AFIS controller , and only opens for Norlandair flights , which are twice a week in the winter and once a week in the summer . Gjögur airport is very important to the local population . In the winter , the airport is the only means of access to the entire district , as the access road is impassable . The government of Iceland requires these flights in order to supply the population with food and other goods , and provide passenger transport . Norlandair is the only airline that flies here .
The airport has runway lights , PAPI lights , and taxiway lights . It has an instrument approach using the on-field Gjogur non-directional beacon ( Ident : GJ ) , but this is only short range , e.g . it can be picked up from nearby Hólmavík airfield .
Airlines and destinations
Statistics
Passengers and movements
See also
Transport in Iceland
List of airports in Iceland
Notes
References
External links
OurAirports - Gjögur
OpenStreetMap - Gjögur
Airports in Iceland
Harlan Leonard ( July 2 , 1905 – November 10 , 1983 ) was an American jazz bandleader and clarinetist from Kansas City , Missouri , United States .
Leonard was born in Kansas City in 1905 . A professional musician from the age of 17 , they joined Bennie Moten 's orchestra in 1923 , where they led the reed section until 1931 . In 1931 , they and Thamon Hayes formed the Kansas City Skyrockets , which included trumpeters Ed Lewis and James Ross , trombonist Vic Dickenson , and pianist Jesse Stone . After disputes with the Chicago local of the American Federation of Musicians the band broke up .
In 1939 , Leonard formed Harlan Leonard and their Rockets , which featured a young Myra Taylor . This band quickly became a leading band in Kansas City and toured nationally . Charlie Parker played in this band for five weeks , but they were fired by Leonard for lack of discipline . The band featured arrangements by its piano player Tadd Dameron that bore suggestions of the transition between swing and bebop . The band broke up during the Second World War , and Leonard left professional music . They worked in banking and for the Internal Revenue Service and died in Los Angeles in 1983 .
Discography
Harlan Leonard and Their Rockets released in 1965 by RCA Victor
References
External links
Music Web Encyclopaedia
1905 births
1983 deaths
Big band bandleaders
Swing clarinetists
20th-century American musicians
Dustin Satloff ( born 1993 ) is an American entrepreneur .
Biography
Satloff was born in 1993 in New York City and received their first patent at the age of 10 for a system of using trading cards interactively . At age 13 , they founded a company that produces and sells bamboo baseball bats . They have appeared in The New York Times , on National Public Radio , and other programs . Satloff , part of the class of 2011 at the Collegiate School in Manhattan , actively ran their business , SatBats , while a student . In December 2006 , Dustin received a design patent for a baseball bat made of two types of bamboo .
Satloff is also a photographer , specializing in winter sports . Satloff 's images have appeared in numerous publications worldwide and have been carried by the Associated Press .
References
1993 births
Living people
21st-century American businesspeople
Writers from New York ( state )
Sports photographers
American sports journalists
American photojournalists
The Hyperion Lyceum is a secondary school in Amsterdam which offers both gymnasium and atheneum streams . It opened in fall 2011 ; since 2012 it has been located in Overhoeks in Amsterdam-Noord , in a temporary modular building designed for it by Burton Hamfelt Architectuur . The school is distinguished by using cross-curricular projects for some of the instruction , and offers special courses in great thinkers , lifestyle informatics , drama , and logic and rhetoric . Since 2018 it is located at Badhuiskade 361 , Amsterdam-Noord .
References
Schools in Amsterdam
Educational institutions established in 2011
2011 establishments in the Netherlands
Moby Presents : Alien Sex Party , also called Porno , is a 2001 American independent comedy musical directed by Paul Yates and executive produced by Moby about the goings-on in an adult video store on Christmas Eve . It had its world theatrical premiere at the 2001 Silver Lake Film Festival and was released on DVD ( Eclectic DVD ) in 2003 .
Plot
It 's Christmas Eve and the staff of the adult video store , Amazing Video , are settling in for a long night . Not only will there be a crush of last minute shoppers , but porn star Dyanna Lauren is appearing to sign their latest release for their rabid , trench coat-wearing fans . Prudish new owner , Joe ( Joe Smith ) has recently inherited the store from their much wilder late sister . Joe has also taken over parenting duties for their precocious niece Grace ( Grace Creech ) who would rather go out on the town than spend Christmas with their puritanical uncle . Helping Joe learn the ropes of porn and teenagers is anything goes assistant Tina ( Tina Carlucci ) . When not helping their overwhelmed boss by demonstrating proper use of a strap-on , Tina needles their ex-boyfriend Adam ( Adam Sarner ) with tales of their sexual conquests , which include family members and a curious pooch . Adam secretly hopes for a chance to talk to Grace . Wise guys Dean ( Dean Haspiel ) and Christian ( Christian Urich ) work security and pass the time ignoring their job and betting who would perform the more disgusting sex act for a rare comic book . As the night goes on , the gang is confronted by wacky customers including a dildo-craving Rastafarian , a Borscht Belt comedian , a K-Y jelly-eating space alien , the man in black tailing them and their partner , a chicken . Dean and Christian perform the musical number `` You Can Have Sex With Anything You Want '' . Everyone gets involved when a mad bomber learns that the Price is Right girls are better than Viagra . Finally , Dyanna Lauren and Moby lead the porn geeks and employees in a rousing rendition of `` Feliz Navidad '' before everyone heads to Joe 's for tofurkey .
Cast
Joe Smith as Joe ( and Joe 's twin brother Harry )
Tina Carlucci as Tina
Adam Sarner as Adam
Dean Haspiel as Dean
Christian Urich as Christian
Grace Creech as Grace
Moby as Dildo Head
Brian O'Halloran as Clerk
Toby Amies as Distraught Father
Dyanna Lauren as Herself
Cameos
Notable cameos include :
Peter Prescott the drummer from Mission of Burma .
The Upper Crust
Fancy from FannyPack
Steven St. Croix as Santa
The Pork Guys
The Zambonis with Peter Katis and The LeeVees Dave Schneider
Leon Dewan and The Happiest Guys in the World
This is the first film soundtrack to feature the sounds of a Dewanatron
Filming
The movie was filmed in Super 16 mm and then blown up in 35 mm .
Controversy
During post-production the film received a great deal of media attention when , in response to Moby distancing themselves from the movie and Moby 's management 's statement to Time magazine that they “ no longer agrees with the film creatively ” , director Paul Yates sold Moby 's soul on eBay . They have since put their differences behind them .
Cultural references
The film includes numerous references to the Kevin Smith film Clerks . At one point Adam , Tina and Harry ( Joe 's twin brother ) drive a microcar to Quick Stop . The film goes into a black and white sequence where Tina and Adam purchase candy from a clerk ( Brian O'Halloran ) who tells Tina about their girlfriend performing fellatio on 37 men .
References
External links
2001 films
2000s sex comedy films
American science fiction comedy films
American musical comedy films
American sex comedy films
American independent films
Punk films
Films about pornography
2001 comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Ida is an indie rock band from New York City . They are known for their three-part harmonies ; sparse , minimal , often quiet arrangements ; and their three singer-songwriters . Their music shows strong folk , pop , punk , world , R & B , and American roots music influences , but there are also avant garde and experimental aspects to their sound .
History
The band began in 1991 when Daniel Littleton and Elizabeth Mitchell
started recording and performing as a duo . After playing shows with double-bassist Rick Lassiter they recorded a 4-track cassette of their songs . Jenny Toomey , co-owner of Simple Machines Records heard it , and offered to release an album on their label . Between 1994 and 1997 Ida released three full-length albums and several seven inch singles with Simple Machines Records including split singles with The Secret Stars and Portastatic . Shortly after the release of their debut Tales of Brave Ida , Daniel 's brother Michael “ Miggy ” Littleton joined the band as a drummer and multi-instrumentalist . Their second album , 1996 's I Know About You received much critical acclaim from the independent music press . CMJ praised it as “ subtle , gentle and picturesque ” , Alternative Press gave it five stars , their highest rating , Pitchfork wrote “ …Incredible Stuff ” . Bassist and singer-songwriter Karla Schickele
( Beekeeper ) joined the band in late 1996 .
Ida 's touring earned them a devoted following of listeners , and the attention of both the press and major labels . Their performances with violinist Ida Pearle , cellist Elaine Ahn , and clarinetist Sue Havens gave them a distinct and complex “ chamber pop ” sound . They released two EPs in 1998 , Losing True , and The Ida Retsin Family , before signing with Capitol Records . After a shake up at Capitol Records , Ida successfully got out of their contract and released 1999 's Will You Find Me with Tigerstyle Records , an independent label . Will You Find Me received greater recognition than any previous Ida record and landed on year end “ Best of .. ” lists in both Spin Magazine and The New York Times while receiving praise from The New Yorker and The Village Voice .
In 2005 Ida released Heart Like a River with Polyvinyl Record Co. , their current record label . Violinist Jean Cook ( Jon Langford , The Mekons ) joined the band at this time , followed by drummer Ruth Keating . The band relocated to Woodstock , NY and began recording at Levon Helm Studios , where they collaborated with Levon Helm and played several Midnight Rambles . This led to the release of Lovers Prayers in 2008 , and 2009 's My Fair , My Dark EP . Recorded simultaneously with Lovers Prayers , a collaboration with outsider folk legend Michael Hurley led to 2009 's Ida Con Snock which was released on Gnomonsong , Devendra Banhart and Andy Cabic 's label .
Ida 's music has appeared on both the radio show and the Showtime series of This American Life . In 2008 they were featured on NPR 's Bryant Park Project . They have toured , collaborated , or played shows with many bands and artists such as Low , Their Name Is Alive , Levon Helm , Michael Hurley , Tara Jane O'Neil , Bernie Worrell , The Rachels , Karate , Retsin , Beekeeper , Mates of State , Elliott Smith , Bob Mould , Cat Power , Death Cab for Cutie , The Magnetic Fields , The Secret Stars , The Holmes Brothers , Broadcast , Mark Eitzel , Steve Malkmus and many others .
Band members
Daniel Littleton was a member of Annapolis , Maryland hardcore punk band The Hated , and along with Jenny Toomey , was a member of Liquorice , whose album Listening Cap was released by 4AD in 1995 . They have released one solo album on Last Affair Records , Nobody 's Fault But Mine/Down By The Riverside . A duo album with Tara Jane O'Neil , Music for a Meteor Shower was released by Tiger Style in 2002 . In 2006 New Salt was released , a CD of guitar-based free improvisation by a trio including Geoff Farina ( Karate , Glorytellers ) , Littleton , and drummer Luther Gray ( Ida , Tsunami , Joe Morris , Joe McPhee ) . In 2010 the trio added saxophonist Jim Hobbs , and released West on the Clean Feed label under the name of Lawnmower . Mountain Ocean Sun , a “ free drone ” music collective also released a CD on Home Normal in 2010 called Peace Conference . This recording featured Littleton , Jean Cook , Warn Defever ( of Their Name Is Alive ) , and Hitoko Sakei . Littleton has also appeared on recordings by Their Name Is Alive , Ted Leo , and Tara Jane O'Neil . They accompanied Lester Chambers of The Chambers Brothers at the first Future of Music Conference in Washington DC in 2001 . Littleton 's music has been featured in the films of Angel Velasco Shaw , notably Umbilical Cord which was shown at The Guggenheim , and 2008 's The Momentary Enemy .
Elizabeth Mitchell is a children 's music artist who records for Smithsonian Folkways . Them album You Are My Little Bird was a critical success and led to them being featured on NPR 's All Things Considered , where they were interviewed by Melissa Block . They also run and owns Little Bird Records , which keeps their early independent children 's music recordings in print . They have been featured on NPR 's Talk of The Nation , The Bryant Park Project , and in Time Magazine . Elizabeth Mitchell 's main collaborators are Daniel Littleton ( her husband ) and Warn Defever . They also perform with their daughter Storey Littleton and with violinist Jean Cook . They have collaborated with Levon Helm , John Sebastian , Jon Langford , Suni Paz , Ella Jenkins , Lisa Loeb , Dan Zanes , Amy Helm , and The Children of Agape Choir from South Africa . Them album Sunny Day was released in October 2010 .
Mitchell has also appeared as a vocalist and instrumentalist on recordings by Their Name Is Alive , Retsin , Tara Jane O'Neil , Sasha Frere-Jones with Tom Ze , The Sands , Ted Leo , and Saturday Looks Good To Me .
Mitchell and Littleton backed Lisa Loeb on their song `` Stay ( I Missed You ) '' which was a number-one hit in 1994 and appeared on the soundtrack for the film Reality Bites .
Mitchell and Littleton have performed and recorded under the name Nanang Tatang , an electro-pop duo . They released one album , Muki on TigerStyle records in 2003 .
Michael Littleton left the band in 1999 and played with Tara Jane O'Neil , The Mad Scene , and Lois Maffeo before became a founding member of New York City bands White Magic and Blood on the Wall . White Magic 's debut album Through The Sun Door was released on Drag City , and Blood on the Wall released three full-length albums , Blood on the Wall , Awesomer , and Liferz , all on The Social Registry label .
Karla Schickele was a founding member of the band Beekeeper from New York City , along with their brother , guitarist and composer Matthew Schickele , and drummer Jan Kotik . They released the album Ostrich on Southern Records in 1999 . Karla also records under the name k. and released two albums New Problems ( 2001 ) and Goldfish ( 2002 ) , both on TigerStyle Records . A third k. album entitled History Grows was released in 2012 . They also released a split single with Ted Leo and The Pharmacists . They played keyboards with the band Low when they toured Europe with Radiohead in 2004 . Schickele is the founder of Brooklyn 's Willie Mae Rock and Roll Camp for Girls . They are the daughter of American classical music composer Peter Schickele .
Violinist Ida Pearle has performed and recorded with The Magnetic Fields , appearing on their 69 Love Songs album . They have also played with Ted Leo and The Pharmacists , and appears on the Hearts Of Oak album . They have recorded and performed with Low , Their Name Is Alive , and many others . They designed the art for many albums by artists like Ida , Ruby Falls , Ted Leo , and Elizabeth Mitchell , as well as the book cover art for `` The Latest Winter '' by poet Maggie Nelson . Ida Pearle is a children 's book author and illustrator .
Jean Cook , violinist for Ida , also performs with Jon Langford , The Mekons , Elizabeth Mitchell , Their Name Is Alive , the Art Ensemble of Chicago , and Mountain Ocean Sun . They are a founding member of Anti-Social Music and has performed with improvisers such as Cecil Taylor , Anthony Braxton , William Parker , Evan Parker and indie rock bands like Belle And Sebastian , Pulp and The Hold Steady . Since 2008 they have been the director of Future of Music Coalition .
Ruth Keating drummer and multi instrumentalist , along with Karla Schickele , is a founding member of The Willie Mae Rock and Roll Camp For Girls . Along with guitarist and frequent Ida collaborator Matt Sutton , they play in NYC 's Malarkies and The Naysayer .
Discography
Studio albums
Tales of Brave Ida ( 1994 )
I Know About You ( 1996 )
Ten Small Paces ( 1997 )
Will You Find Me ( 2000 )
The Braille Night ( 2001 )
Shhh ... ( 2002 )
Heart Like a River ( 2005 )
Lovers Prayers ( 2008 )
Live albums
Insound Tour Support Series Vol . 11 ( 2000 )
Angel Hall ( 2003 ; recorded in 2000 )
The Bottom of the Hill ( 2-CD set , 2005 )
With Retsin
The Ida Retsin Family : Volume One ( 1998 )
Singles/EPs
Losing True ( 1998 ) , EP
Shhh ( 2002 ) , Single
My Fair , My Dark ( 2008 ) , EP
Compilations
Who Were You Then ( 2008 )
Tellings : The Simple Machine Years 1994-1997 ( 2008 )
Tales of Brave Ida ( CD accompanying book , 2008 )
Compilation appearances
A Tribute to Bob Dylan , Vol . 3 - The Times They Are A Changin '' ' , ( Sister Ruby Records , 1998 ) `` Boot of Spanish Leather ''
Random Acts of Radio ( Random Records , 1998 ) , `` Walk Away Renee ''
This Is Next Year : A Brooklyn-Based Compilation ( Arena Rock Recording , 2001 ) , `` Hearts Do n't Break '' ( Disc 2 , Track 7 )
In My Living Room ( Kimchee Records , 2003 ) , `` Losing True ''
Amos House Collection ( Vol . II ) , `` Jubilee ''
Never Kept a Diary ( Motorcoat Records , 1998 )
Book with CD Tales of Brave Ida '' ( 2008 )
References
External links
Official Site
Official MySpace Page
Ida on Polyvinyl Records site
You Are My Flower site
1992 establishments in New York City
Indie rock musical groups from New York ( state )
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups from Brooklyn
Polyvinyl Record Co. artists
The Day the Bookies Wept is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Bert Granet and George Jeske . The film stars Joe Penner , Betty Grable , Richard Lane , Tom Kennedy and Thurston Hall . The film was released on September 15 , 1939 , by RKO Pictures .
Plot
Pooling their resources , New York City taxi drivers–who are tired of losing money at the racetrack–designate Ernie Ambrose to go to Kentucky and buy them a racehorse . Ernie leaves behind their sweetheart Ina and spends all their money on a horse , relying on advice from a fake `` colonel '' by buying a nag called Hiccup .
The horse is useless until Ina discovers via the colonel that Hiccup has a taste for beer . At long odds , they bet $ 2,000 on the drunken horse to win , which it does , bankrupting bookies all over town .
Cast
Joe Penner as Ernest 'Ernie ' Ambrose
Betty Grable as Ina Firpo
Richard Lane as Ramsey Firpo
Tom Kennedy as Pinky Brophy
Thurston Hall as Colonel March
Bernadene Hayes as Margie
Carol Hughes as Patsy
Vinton Hayworth as Harry
Emory Parnell as Motor Cop
References
External links
1939 films
American black-and-white films
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Leslie Goodwins
American comedy films
1939 comedy films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Zee Alwan ( ) is an Indian Arab cable satellite television channel owned and operated by Zee Entertainment Enterprises , a media and entertainment company based in Dubai , United Arab Emirates . It majorly airs programmes in Arabic and other regional languages of the Arab world . The channel is also available in other Arab countries in the Middle East , as well as many countries in Europe , Africa and North America . A part of the Zee Entertainment Enterprises , it started to broadcast on 10 October 2012 as the first Arabic language cable & satellite channel in the Arab world .
Zee Alwan marks the first time that some of India 's most popular television serials are brought to the Middle East in Arabic . The move builds on the growing popularity of Bollywood in the Arab world as well as the strong and historic cultural links between the Arab world and India , with Indian family serials set to appeal to Arab audiences .
Zee Alwan is known for its diverse programming , which not only includes dubbed Indian serials but also popular shows on cookery , health and fitness , and travel features , among others , Bollywood films and shows subtitled in Arabic , American shows subtitled in Arabic , English shows subtitled in Arabic , Turkish movies and series , Croatian series , and Serbian series dubbed in Arabic . A number of Arabic serials and shows , produced and set in the Arab world , are also aired .
Social media
Due to Zee Music and Zee TV both having over 50 million subscribers , Zee Alwan has 3.16 million subscribers on its YouTube channel . Unlike Zee Music , Zee Alwan is not one of the most popular YouTube channels , but it still amasses a large amount of subscribers .
Programming
Bacha Party Kids Party ( subtitled in Arabic )
Dance India Dance ( subtitled in Arabic )
The Great Indian Rasoi ( subtitled in Arabic )
Snack Attack ( subtitled in Arabic )
Khana Khazana ( subtitled in Arabic )
Yoga for Life ( subtitled in Arabic )
Yoga for Life with Kurt Johnson ( subtitled in Arabic )
Peggy K 's Kitchen Cures ( subtitled in Arabic )
Nirmala 's Spice World ( subtitled in Arabic )
The Incurables ( subtitled in Arabic )
BrainCafé ( subtitled in Arabic )
Science With BrainCafé ( subtitled in Arabic )
Jeena Isi Ka Naam Hai ( subtitled in Arabic )
Yoga For You ( subtitled in Arabic )
Pilates ( subtitled in Arabic )
Pilates from the Inside Out ( subtitled in Arabic )
Rock Your Yoga ( subtitled in Arabic )
سهرة مع نجوم بوليوود ( subtitled in Arabic )
Full Circle ( subtitled in Arabic )
Under the Sun ( subtitled in Arabic )
Under the Sun with Nathan LeRoy ( subtitled in Arabic )
The Genesis of Healing ( subtitled in Arabic )
References
Zee Entertainment Enterprises
Television stations in the United Arab Emirates
Mass media in Dubai
Television channels and stations established in 2012
IslandWood is a non-profit environmental education organization with programs on Bainbridge Island , Seattle , and Woodinville in Washington .
History
In 1997 , over of land were being sold on the south end of Bainbridge Island . Local residents Debbi and Paul Brainerd proposed the idea of building a children 's outdoor education center ; a subsequent feasibility study showed that half of Puget Sound area students did not receive overnight outdoor education programs . The Brainerds purchased of land for the program , which was founded in 2000 . In 2011 , IslandWood was selected to lead the education programs at the Brightwater sewage treatment plant .
Programs
IslandWood runs the Graduate Program in Education for Environment and Community ( EEC ) which is offered in partnership with the University of Washington College of Education .
In 2014 , IslandWood partnered with Antioch University Seattle ( AUS ) to launch the Urban Environmental Education Program . In 2019 , IslandWood and AUS ended their partnership , with AUS taking over the program .
References
External links
Official website
Bainbridge Island , Washington
Education in Washington ( state )
Nature centers in Washington ( state )
Tourist attractions in Kitsap County , Washington
Protected areas of Kitsap County , Washington
Parthibo is a Bangladeshi pop rock group from Rajshahi , formed in 1995 under the name of IGNEOUS . At that time the band members were Rumon ( guitar and vocals ) , Shubho ( drums ) , Tito ( keyboards ) , with others were the first members of that band . The band was a major hit in the city of Rajshahi , frequently doing live shows in and around the city .
History
Formation ( 1997-2000 )
By the end of 1997 , Shubho left the band & had to shift to Dhaka with family . The band got stuck . In 1999 , Benson & Hedges Star Search Contest was launched . After receiving the application form as a surprise from Rumon 's elder brother in Dhaka , Tito & themselves started planning how to go about it . By the time , Rumon & Tito were the left alone members only as all others had quit the band . Shubho was recontacted and Dr. Rubel was being approached as Bassist . They readily accepted . The band was reformed and got into the final fifteen ( 15 ) in B & H Star Search Contest consecutively in 1999 & 2000 . However , the members got busy with studies and it broke down again by the end of 2000 .
Main career ( 2002-2009 )
In 2002 , Rumon , inspired by Tito , participated as a solo contestant in the B & H Star Search 2002 . This time , Rumon won two awards ( Best Solo Performer & Best Lyricist ) for the first time in the history of the much evaluated musical talent hunt competition ever ! With Shubho on Drums again & Raja on Bass , Rumon & Tito completed the set of musicians on stage for that win .
Right after the awards , Rumon proposed to reform the band with a new name , rather than going solo . This is when PARTHIBO was born . With the earlier four of Rumon , Tito , Raja & Shubho ; an additional guitarist was taken in- Sohel .
Time moved on and PARTHIBO steadily grew in shows in Dhaka , doing concerts almost everywhere with the bigger bands . They also participated in the biggest ever concert in the countries history- 'Ampfest ' and also in prestigious events like 'Ampart ' , 'Close Up Juke Box ' , Fantasy Kingdom Live Concerts etc .
The first single of the band- 'Olpo Ektu Akash ' featured in the hit album in 2004- 'Swapnochura ' . After their first full album , 'Baundule ' got released in 2005 , the band was well hailed by the critics and a few of their songs i.e . 'Baundule ' , 'Grohon ' , 'Nijhum Raate ' , 'Olpo Ektu Akash ' became quite popular . PARTHIBO won the award of 'Best Band Album ' for 'Baundule ' in Citycell-Channel I Music Awards 2005 competing with much bigger & famous names .
Meanwhile , PARTHIBO 's presence & popularity in the party scene ( Parties with English Cover Nos ) grew geometrically . They were hitting the floors in embassies , clubs , hotels frequently . This is when the band also got focused into the party scene and from 2006 till 2011 , the band was almost completely into the party scene . By this time , Tito had left the band in 2007 for personal reasons and Nabil took their place . also there have been an inclusion of a female artist into the band keeping in mind the requirement of the party sector . Shehrina Kamal , been the first one in 2005 . They were with the band till 2008 till they had to leave the country . Neda Shakiba joined in and continued till 2011 . During this time , PARTHIBO was everywhere in the Party Scene . They also crossed the border and performed at 'Calcutta Rowing Club ' in 2009 .
Outgrowth ( 2011-present )
In 2011 , the band released their second album 'Utshorgo Nijeke ' . After this , a major nonnegotiable issue was confronted within the band on the future direction as well as musical taste and Nabil & Neda departed .
Rony joined in 2011 with a fresh air into the band and the band found 'just the person ' they were looking for in him . With their well known musical capabilities , they have contributed a lot in a significant improvement in the band 's overall sound .
Later , Raja left the band in 2013 and John Sutton Munshi came in their place as a guest bassist . The band ever since has been like a family and built up a greater respect within the music industry .
PARTHIBO 's search for a permanent bassist ended when MG Kibria joined the band in the first quarter of 2016 . Their groovy playing with Technical expertise on the recordings has given the band the much-needed thrust to produce their own songs .
Rauma has usually been the female voice as a guest vocal when needed .
Parthibo launched their third album , Parthibo The Definitive Album , on 25 June 2014 . The dual CD album contains 10 rearranged hits from their past albums and 10 brand-new songs .
In 2016 , PARTHIBO released their fourth album- 'Swagoto Bangladeshe ' - an album dedicated to the motherland Bangladesh . This album is a beautiful portrait of this country covering its tourism , rich history , festivals , even sports ! An album that will make any Bangladeshi feel proud .
PARTHIBO vows to continue its flow of good music in the coming days !
Members
Current members
Ashfaqul Bari Rumon – vocals , guitar
Tanbeer Dawood Rony – keyboards , vocals
Sudipta Bardhan Shubho – drums , percussion
M G Kibria - bass
Guest musicians
John Sutton Munshi - bass
Selim Haider - guitar
Discography
Albums
Baundule ( Arshee - 2005 )
Utshorgo Nijeke ( G-Series - 2011 )
Parthibo The Definitive Album ( 2014 )
Swagoto Bangladesh ( 2016 )
Guest appearances
Shopnochura ( G-Series - 2005 )
Onno Rokom ( Impress - 2007 )
Radio Mania 2 ( Ektaar - 2008 )
Rocoholic
Awards
Bast Solo Performer and Best Lyricist - Benson & Hedges Star Search 2002 ( Rumon )
Best Keyboardist - Benson & Hedges Star Search 2003 ( Rony )
Best Band - Citycell-Channel i Music Awards 2005
Best Band - Channel i Music Awards 2017
References
1998 establishments in Bangladesh
Samuel Wilkeson ( June 1 , 1781 – July 7 , 1848 ) was a merchant , politician , and judge who served as mayor of Buffalo , New York .
Early life
They were born in Carlisle , Pennsylvania on June 1 , 1781 . They were a child of John Wilkeson and Mary ( née Robinson ) Wilkeson , immigrant farms from the north of Ireland .
After the death of their father around 1802 , Wilkeson moved to Mahoning County , Ohio where they built a farm and the first grist mill in the area .
Career
During the War of 1812 Wilkeson was asked to build a fleet of ships for the U.S. Army at Buffalo , brought their family there , and opened a general store . In 1815 , they became the village 's first Justice of the Peace and later chosen as a village trustee . They were a member of the Buffalo Harbor Company that brought the terminus of the Erie Canal to Buffalo , versus its rival Black Rock .
In the early 1820s , they led the project to improve the harbor to make it suitable as the canal terminus . In February 1821 , Wilkeson was appointed First Judge of the Court of Common Pleas and held this position until 1824 . In the early 1820s they went into partnership with Ebenezer Johnson ( Buffalo 's first mayor ) in shipping and real estate enterprises , and once owned the land on which the Buffalo City Hall now stands . Their later ventures included building the first steam boiler in Buffalo and operating foundries or factories in several areas of the city .
Public office
In 1823 , Samuel Wilkeson was elected to the New York State Assembly as a People 's Party candidate serving from January 1 , 1824 to December 31 , 1824 when they were succeeded by Calvin Fillmore . In 1824 , they were elected as a Clintonian ( supporters of DeWitt Clinton , opposed to the Bucktails ) to the New York State Senate , serving until 1829 in one of the four seats in the Eighth District , which consisted of Allegany , Cattaraugus , Chautauqua , Erie , Genesee , Livingston , Monroe , Niagara and Steuben counties . In 1836 , they were elected to replace Hiram Pratt , the mayor of Buffalo . During their term they focused on law enforcement issues and presided over a city in the depths of a nationwide financial depression .
After their term , in 1838 , they became general agent of the American Colonization Society , who wanted to colonize African-Americans in Liberia .
Personal life
Around 1802 they married Jane Oram , daughter of James Oram who was of Scotch-Irish extraction and served in the Revolutionary War . They later moved to Buffalo where their father built the Wilkeson Mansion in 1824 , across Lafayette Square from the home of their close friend , President Millard Fillmore . Jane was the mother of all six of their children , including :
Elizabeth Wilkeson , who married Dr. Henry A. Stagg , a distinguished Buffalo physician .
John Wilkeson ( 1806–1894 ) , who married Maria Louisa Wilkes ( 1813–1843 ) , President John Tyler appointed them U.S. Consul to Turk 's Islands in the West Indies .
Eli Reed Wilkeson ( 1809–1849 ) , who was interested in the volunteer fire department .
William Wilkeson ( 1811–1882 ) , who ran in iron foundry on Court Street in Buffalo .
Louise Wilkeson ( 1811–1860 ) , who married Mortimer Johnson , nephew of Ebenezer Johnson . Their daughter , Flora Johnson was the wife of artist William Holbrook Beard .
Samuel Wilkeson Jr. ( 1817–1889 ) , who married Catherine Henry Cady ( 1820–1899 ) , a daughter of Daniel Cady and granddaughter of James Livingston . Them sister was the prominent suffragist Elizabeth Cady Stanton .
They later married Sarah St. John of Buffalo ( a friend of Harriet Martineau ) . After their death , they married Mary Peters of New Haven , Connecticut , `` who was a famous educator of girls . ''
They died on July 7 , 1848 , on their way to visit their daughter who was now living in Tellico Plains , Tennessee . Their body was brought back to Buffalo and buried in Forest Lawn Cemetery . Their home stood until 1915 when it as torn down , only to be replaced by a gas station . It later became the site of Buffalo City Hall built in 1932 .
Descendants
Wilkeson 's son Samuel Wilkeson , Jr. , was the proprietor and co-editor of The Democracy in Buffalo and worked for New York Tribune under Horace Greeley . Samuel was a war correspondent with the Army of the Potomac during the American Civil War , and they later owned Albany Evening Journal in 1869 . They went west after the war and became one of the founders of Tacoma , Washington .
Alltogather , Wilkeson 's eight grandsons served in the Union Army during the Civil War .
References
External links
1781 births
1848 deaths
People from Carlisle , Pennsylvania
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York ( state ) state senators
Mayors of Buffalo , New York
Burials at Forest Lawn Cemetery ( Buffalo )
19th-century American politicians
American colonization movement
Philip James Adams ( born 5 February 1991 ) is an Australian former cricketer who played at List A level for Western Australia . Adams was born in Midland , Western Australia , and attended John Forrest Senior High School 's cricket academy . They played cricket for Western Australia at both under-17s and under-19s level , scoring 228 runs from seven matches at an average of 32.57 in the 2007–08 Under-17 Championship Series , and 343 runs from seven matches at an average of 85.75 , with the highest score of 171 , at the 2009–10 Australian Under-19 Championships . They were selected in the Team of the Championships for the under-19 championships , and nominated in the provisional 30-man squad for the 2010 Under-19 World Cup . Adams made their Futures League debut for the Western Australia Under-23s team against Queensland Under-23s during the 2009–10 season , scoring 117 * on debut . They went on to make their limited-overs debut for Western Australia against South Australia in the 2010–11 Ryobi One-Day Cup , scoring five runs batting seventh . Adams played one further match at state level , against Tasmania , and was again dismissed for five runs , having opened the innings with Marcus Harris . At grade cricket leve , they play for Bayswater–Morley .
References
External links
1991 births
Australian cricketers
Living people
Cricketers from Perth , Western Australia
Western Australia cricketers
Sportsmen from Western Australia
Background
Zebrias is a genus of sole fish belonging in the Soleidae family . They are also Actinopteri fish ( ray-finned fish ) and Pleuronectiformes ( flatfishes ) . Historically , flatfish such as Zebrias have evolutionary evolved very rapidly . The species has been around for many many years , however research of flatfish have been greatly ignored until the 19th Century .
Description
All species in the genus have clear dark and pale stripes giving it a name derived from the word 'Zebra ' due to the shared characteristic . Both eyes are located on the top of the fish along with their coloured bands while a pectoral fin is located on the bottom . The dorsal and anal fins merge in to become the caudal fin which is noticeable by its yellow marks . The fish is oval in shape in which most are seen to be 6-10cm in length , however can be as larger than 20cm . At least some members of this genus are toxic , which is a quality that some have gathered during evolution to enhance feeding .
Distribution
Zebrias are an all marine and benthic species found in salt water and brackish environments . They often live close to the coast in shallow waters ranging from 5–40 meters in depth . Within the water they are most commonly found in sandy areas or near seagrasses where they can blend into their environment most efficiently . They can be found in tropical environments where they are native to the coastal waters in the Indo-Pacific and Southern Australia .
Reproduction and Development
These species are oviparous where they shed eggs directly into the water column . Zebrias reproduce by external fertilization in which the sperm will fertilize an egg outside of the organism . Zebrias begin their life as bilaterally symmetrical larvae that swim up-right with an eye on both sides of the head . When transitioning into juvenile fish they metamorphose asymmetrically causing a dorsoventrally flattened shaped adult .
Feeding
Zebrias feed by swimming along the ocean floor searching for food . Their flatted bodies help with scanning food from the sea floor . Their eyes are located on the top allowing them to see food from above . They are carnivores that feed mainly on polychaete worms , molluscs , small crustaceans and other small benthic organisms . They rely mostly on their visual cues to detect predators and catch prey . Often , their yellow tail is positioned vertically , which is thought to act as a lure to prey on organisms .
Behavior
Zebrias , alike other flat fish , avoid predators based on hiding and camouflage where they ca n't be detected . To move , they undulate their dorsal and anal fins to crawl along the ocean floor . Their flat bodies and colour allow them to blend into the sea floor to match the texture of the sea floor . They also may bury themselves under the sediment if a predator is near and stay completely still making them almost completely invisible .
Ecology
Zebrias fish itself maintain a balanced number of species . However , they are a part of the Soleidae family in which overfishing in Europe has caused many genus of sole fish to become endangered with many declining populations .
Human Uses
Fisheries around the world catch Zebrias in which then are marketed frozen , fresh , and dried-salted .
Species
The 18 currently recognized species in this genus are :
Zebrias altipinnis ( Alcock , 1890 )
Zebrias annandalei Talwar & Chakrapany , 1967
Zebrias cancellatus ( McCulloch , 1916 ) ( harrowed sole )
Zebrias captivus J. E. Randall , 1995 ( convict zebra sole )
Zebrias craticula ( McCulloch , 1916 ) ( Wickerwork sole )
Zebrias crossolepis P. S. Cheng & Y. W. Chang , 1965
Zebrias fasciatus ( Basilewsky , 1855 )
Zebrias keralensis Joglekar , 1976
Zebrias lucapensis Seigel & Adamson , 1985
Zebrias maculosus Oommen , 1977
Zebrias munroi ( Whitley , 1966 )
Zebrias penescalaris M. F. Gomon , 1987 ( duskybanded sole )
Zebrias quagga ( Kaup , 1858 ) ( fringefin zebra sole )
Zebrias regani ( Gilchrist , 1906 ) ( South African zebra sole )
Zebrias scalaris M. F. Gomon , 1987 ( many-band sole )
Zebrias synapturoides ( J. T. Jenkins , 1910 ) ( Indian zebra sole )
Zebrias zebra ( Bloch , 1787 ) ( zebra sole )
Zebrias zebrinus ( Temminck & Schlegel , 1846
References
Soleidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by John Otterbein Snyder
Taxa named by David Starr Jordan
The Casa del Marqués de Valdehoyos is one of the most representative colonial stately homes from the colonial era in Cartagena , Colombia , it belonged to the Marquis of Valdehoyos who lived there around the 18th century . The palace was built in 1765 .
Located on Calle de la Factoría , this residence meets the conditions required at the time to fulfill the functions of housing and a place of commerce . In fact , the Marquis of Valdehoyos enjoyed the privilege of importing flour and slaves , which they then sold in Cartagena de Indias at very profitable profits .
On the facade of the palace of the Marquis of Valdehoyos , the wooden bars stand out , located on the ground floor , the large balcony on the mezzanine and the portal with pilasters . The bronze knocker stands out in this house , and the original color of its facade .
Inside , it presents the characteristic entrance hall with a ceiling supported on beams , after which the hall is discovered , to the right of which follows the staircase and the access door to the doorman 's rooms , and to the left there is a large balcony . On the upper floor there is a large room connected by corridors that cantilever over the courtyard .
Its inner courtyard is surrounded by semicircular arches supported by shaft columns , repeating the style of the colonial Cartagena cloisters . One of its sides is flanked by balconies while the opposite is closed by a low wall , which allows the circulation of the sea breeze .
Liberator Simón Bolívar spent two seasons in this mansion after liberating Cartagena . Currently , the government offices of the Alternate Chancellery of the Republic of Colombia operate there .
See also
List of colonial buildings in Cartagena , Colombia
References
Buildings and structures in Cartagena , Colombia
Residential buildings completed in 1765
Spanish Colonial architecture in Colombia
Baroque palaces
Rêverie , Op . 24 , is an orchestral work composed by Alexander Scriabin in 1898 . A typical performance lasts from 3 to 5 minutes . Scriabin , who was a pianist , had never before composed for orchestra , except for a few unpublished works . However , they composed the work in total secrecy , without any advice .
Composition
In November 1898 , when Scriabin went to Saint Petersburg , they brought a present for their patron and publisher M.P . Belaïeff . The offer was the full score of an orchestral work named Prélude , a short miniature in E minor and ternary form .
One day , their friend Nikolay Rimsky-Korsakov came to visit them and played the work on the piano . They deemed it Delightful , wheated in piquant harmonies and not badly orchestrated . Since Belaïeff thought the French title Prélude did not fit an orchestral work , they and Scriabin decided to rename it Rêverie . As Belaïeff 's editions were published in French ( or German ) and Russian , they further discussed about the Slavic title . They had to choose between mechty ( daydreams ) or gryozy ( musings ) . They agreed on the first . After hearing the rehearsals , Scriabin wrote : `` Imagine my joy , the piece sounds very well . At the rehearsal on 1 December Korsakov was so sweet . They had each section go through its parts separately and spent a whole hour in it [ ... ] ''
The piece was premièred on 5 December 1898 in Saint Petersburg after Balakirev 's Tamara . It was very well received , and Rimsky-Korsakov had to encore it . After this , Scriabin played a selection of their études , préludes and impromptus at the piano .
References
External links
Compositions by Alexander Scriabin
1898 compositions
Compositions in E minor
The 2017–18 WHL season is the 52nd season of the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) . The regular season began on September 22 , 2017 and ended on March 18 , 2018 .
The playoffs began shortly after the end of the regular season on March 22 , 2018 , and ended on May 13 ; the winning team , the Swift Current Broncos , were awarded the Ed Chynoweth Cup and a berth in the 2018 Memorial Cup held at the Brandt Centre in Regina , Saskatchewan from May 18–27 , 2018 . The Regina Pats automatically qualified for the tournament as hosts .
Standings
Updated to game ( s ) played on March 18 , 2018 . Source : Western Hockey League
Note : GP = Games played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; OTL = Overtime losses ; SL = Shootout losses ; GF = Goals for ; GA = Goals against ; PTS = Points ; x = clinched playoff berth ; y = clinched division title ; z = clinched conference title
Statistical leaders
Scoring leaders
Players are listed by points , then goals .
Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts . = Points ; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltenders
These are the goaltenders that lead the league in GAA that have played at least 1800 minutes .
Note : GP = Games played ; Mins = Minutes played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; OTL = Overtime losses ; SOL = Shootout losses ; SO = Shutouts ; GAA = Goals against average ; Sv % = Save percentage
2018 WHL playoffs
Conference Quarter-finals
Eastern Conference
( E1 ) Moose Jaw Warriors vs. ( W2 ) Prince Albert Raiders
( E2 ) Swift Current Broncos vs. ( E3 ) Regina Pats
( C1 ) Medicine Hat Tigers vs. ( W1 ) Brandon Wheat Kings
( C2 ) Lethbridge Hurricanes vs. ( C3 ) Red Deer Rebels
Western Conference
( U1 ) Everett Silvertips vs. ( W2 ) Seattle Thunderbirds
( U2 ) Portland Winterhawks vs. ( U3 ) Spokane Chiefs
( B1 ) Kelowna Rockets vs. ( W1 ) Tri-City Americans
( B2 ) Victoria Royals vs. ( B3 ) Vancouver Giants
Conference Semi-finals
Eastern Conference
( E1 ) Moose Jaw Warriors vs. ( E2 ) Swift Current Broncos
( C2 ) Lethbridge Hurricanes vs. ( W1 ) Brandon Wheat Kings
Western Conference
( U1 ) Everett Silvertips vs. ( U2 ) Portland Winterhawks
* Note : Game 4 was played at Moda Center .
( B2 ) Victoria Royals vs. ( W1 ) Tri-City Americans
Conference Finals
Eastern Conference
( E2 ) Swift Current Broncos vs. ( C2 ) Lethbridge Hurricanes
Western Conference
( U1 ) Everett Silvertips vs. ( W1 ) Tri-City Americans
WHL Championship
( E2 ) Swift Current Broncos vs. ( U1 ) Everett Silvertips
Playoff scoring leaders
Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts = Points ; PIM = Penalty minutes
Playoff leading goaltenders
Note : GP = Games played ; Mins = Minutes played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; GA = Goals Allowed ; SO = Shutouts ; SV & = Save percentage ; GAA = Goals against average
WHL awards
All-Star Teams
Eastern Conference
Western Conference
See also
2018 Memorial Cup
List of WHL seasons
2017–18 OHL season
2017–18 QMJHL season
2017 in ice hockey
2018 in ice hockey
References
External links
Official website of the Western Hockey League
Official website of the Canadian Hockey League
Official website of the MasterCard Memorial Cup
Official website of the Subway Super Series
Western Hockey League seasons
Whl
WHL
Megacorma obliqua , the black-belted hawkmoth , is a moth of the family Sphingidae .
Distribution
It is known from Sri Lanka , north-eastern India , Myanmar , south-western China ( Yunnan , Hainan ) , Thailand , northern Vietnam , Malaysia ( Peninsular , Sarawak , Sabah ) , Indonesia ( Sumatra , Kalimantan , Java , Ceram , Papua Barat ) , the Philippines ( including Palawan ) , Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands .
Description
The wingspan is 120–145 mm . It can be distinguished from all other Sphingidae species by the combination of the labial palp structure , long thorax and wing pattern .
References
Acherontiini
Moths described in 1856
Moths of Borneo
Charlton County is the southernmost county of the U.S. state of Georgia , located in the southeastern part of the state . As of the 2010 census , the population was 12,171 . The county seat is Folkston .
History
Georgia , by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on February 18 , 1854 . The original county seat was at Trader 's Hill , until 1901 . Additional lands from Ware County , Georgia , were added to Charlton 's borders by an 1855 act of the General Assembly . In 1856 , an additional legislative act redefined the Charlton–Camden borders again with each county ceding land to the other .
The county is named for Robert Milledge Charlton , a U. S. Senator from Georgia .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.1 % ) is water . It is the fifth-largest county by area in Georgia . It is the southernmost county in Georgia . A large portion of the county lies within the Okefenokee Swamp and its federally protected areas .
The entire central and southern portion of Charlton County is located in the St. Marys sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla basin . The county 's northeastern portion , north of Homeland , is located in the Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla basin . The western portion of Charlton County is located in the Upper Suwannee River sub-basin of the larger Suwannee River basin . The country 's southern region is level with the northern most part of the central and eastern Panhandle of the Florida peninsula .
Major highways
U.S. Route 1
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 301
State Route 4
State Route 15
State Route 23
State Route 40
State Route 40 Connector
State Route 94
State Route 121
State Route 177
State Route 185
State Route 252
Adjacent counties
Brantley County - northeast
Nassau County , Florida - east
Camden County - east
Baker County , Florida - south
Ware County - northwest
National protected area
Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge ( part )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 10,282 people , 3,342 households , and 2,499 families living in the county . The population density was 13 people per square mile ( 5/km2 ) . There were 3,859 housing units at an average density of 5 per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 68.59 % White , 29.26 % Black or African American , 0.42 % Native American , 0.34 % Asian , 0.06 % Pacific Islander , 0.14 % from other races , and 1.21 % from two or more races . 0.79 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 3,342 households , out of which 37.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.40 % were married couples living together , 15.00 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 25.20 % were non-families . 21.80 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.50 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.20 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.50 % under the age of 18 , 10.60 % from 18 to 24 , 31.70 % from 25 to 44 , 20.60 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.70 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 33 years . For every 100 females there were 112.40 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 115.60 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 27,869 , and the median income for a family was $ 33,364 . Males had a median income of $ 26,631 versus $ 17,978 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 12,920 . About 17.80 % of families and 20.90 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 29.10 % of those under age 18 and 20.40 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 12,171 people , 3,927 households , and 2,866 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 4,475 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 68.6 % white , 28.5 % black or African American , 0.6 % Asian , 0.4 % American Indian , 0.3 % from other races , and 1.6 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.5 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 7.9 % were American , 7.3 % were English , and 6.2 % were Irish .
Of the 3,927 households , 35.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.5 % were married couples living together , 15.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 27.0 % were non-families , and 23.1 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.10 . The median age was 38.2 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 40,850 and the median income for a family was $ 45,913 . Males had a median income of $ 36,675 versus $ 25,140 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,652 . About 18.1 % of families and 19.8 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 23.4 % of those under age 18 and 12.8 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 12,518 people , 3,675 households , and 2,685 families residing in the county .
Communities
Folkston
Homeland
Moniac
Racepond
Saint George
Toledo
Trader 's Hill
Uptonville
Education
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Charlton County , Georgia
References
External links
Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service
Charlton County historical marker
Sardis Church historical marker
1854 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
Populated places established in 1854
The Littorinidae are a taxonomic family of over 200 species of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha , commonly known as periwinkles and found worldwide .
Names
In English-speaking countries , gastropod molluscs from other families , such as the Neritidae , are sometimes also commonly known as `` winkles '' because they are small , round snails that occupy a similar ecological niche .
Taxonomy
These subfamilies have been recognized in the taxonomy of Bouchet & Rocroi ( 2005 ) :
Subfamily Littorininae Children , 1834 – synonyms : Echinininae Rosewater , 1972 ; Tectariinae Rosewater , 1972 ; Melaraphidae Starobogatov & Sitnikova , 1983
Subfamily Lacuninae Gray , 1857 – synonyms : Risellidae Kesteven , 1903 ; Cremnoconchinae Preston , 1915 ; Bembiciidae Finlay , 1928 .
Subfamily Laevilitorininae Reid , 1989
Genera within the family Littorinidae include :
Littorininae
Afrolittorina Williams , Reid & Littlewood , 2003
Austrolittorina Rosewater , 1970
Cenchritis von Martens , 1900
Echinolittorina Habe , 1956 – synonyms : Amerolittorina Reid , 2009 ; Fossarilittorina Rosewater , 1981 ; Granulilittorina Habe & Kosuge , 1966 ; Lineolittorina Reid , 2009
Littoraria Griffith & Pidgeon , 1834 – 39 species
Littorina Férussac , 1822 – 18 species – type genus
Mainwaringia Nevill , 1885
Melarhaphe Menke , 1828
Nodilittorina von Martens , 1897 – this genus proved to be polyphyletic and in 2003 was divided into :
Echinolittorina – 59 species worldwide
Austrolittorina – five species
Afrolittorina – four species
Nodilittorina s.s. – the monotypic subgenus
Peasiella - Nevill , 1885
Tectarius Valenciennes , 1833 – 11 species , its synonym or subgenus includes : Echininus Clench & Abbott , 1942 .
Lacuninae
Bembicium Philippi , 1846
Cremnoconchus Blanford , 1869 – freshwater snails living in waterfalls .
Lacuna Turton , 1827 – synonym : Aquilonaria Dall , 1886
Pellilitorina Pfeffer in Martens & Pfeffer , 1886
Risellopsis Kesteven , 1902
Laevilitorininae
Laevilacunaria Powell , 1951
Laevilitorina Pfeiffer , 1886
subfamily ?
Algamorda Dall , 1918
Macquariella Finlay , 1927 ( ? )
Rissolitorina Ponder , 1966
Synonyms
Corneolitorina Powell , 1951 : synonym of Laevilitorina ( Laevilitorina ) Pfeffer in Martens & Pfeffer , 1886 represented as Laevilitorina Pfeffer , 1886
Haloconcha Dall , 1886 is a synonym for Lacunaria Dall , 1885
Macquariella Finlay , 1926 : synonym of Laevilitorina Pfeffer , 1886
Rissolittorina Ponder , 1966 : synonym of Laevilitorina Pfeffer , 1886
References
Powell A. W. B. , New Zealand Mollusca , William Collins Publishers Ltd , Auckland , New Zealand 1979
Further reading
Taxa named by John George Children
Katimavik-Hazeldean is a neighbourhood in Kanata South Ward in the west end of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada . It is located in the former City of Kanata which amalgamated into Ottawa in 2001 . It is located in south-central Kanata , bounded by Eagleson Road to the east , Hazeldean Road to the south , the Carp River to the west , and Highway 417 to the north .
According to the Canada 2011 Census , the total population of the neighbourhood was 12,088 .
History
By 1866 , Hazeldean was a small post village with a population of about 50 , in the township of Goulbourn . The village contained one general store ; one common school , with an average attendance of twenty-four pupils ; and one
church , used in common by the Church of England , Presbyterians , and Wesleyan Methodists .
Campeau Corporation started development of the Chimo Drive neighbourhood between Katimavik and Kakulu roads in the early-mid 1970s , based on the garden-city style implemented by Bill Teron in Beaverbrook on the opposite side of the highway . Numerous developers followed Campeau 's lead , progressively developing the area west of Castlefrank Road and the area between Kakulu and Hazeldean roads ( annexed to Kanata from Goulbourn Township ) in a sympathetic style in the 1980s and early 1990s .
The area between Katimavik Road and the highway was intended to be part of the Kanata Town Centre and originally zoned for light commercial/industrial and later high-density residential . Much of that area was rezoned for medium-density residential , and a number of townhouses and detached-single developments were built on that land in the 1990s .
As in other parts of Kanata , most streets are named according to neighbourhood themes : In the northeast section , Arctic explorers ; in the southeast section , Canadian broadcasters and entertainers ; in the west section , Canadian inventors ; and in the former Town Centre lands north of Katimavik Road , Ontario premiers and lieutenant governors . The community was named `` Katimavik '' , in 1972 by 12 year old Kanata resident Corinne Friesen was the result of a local area contest . `` Katimavik '' means `` Gathering Place '' .
Beginning in the late 1980s , the area between Terry Fox Drive and the Carp River has slowly filled with small office buildings , research and development facilities , and big-box stores , with some parcels still awaiting development . The southern half of those lands has been developed as a large multi-use sports facility ( Walter Baker Park ) , including the Kanata Recreation Centre and Ron Maslin Playhouse .
There is also a small light-industrial area in the extreme southwest corner , home to a number of automotive businesses along Edgewater Street and restaurants facing Walter Baker Park across Terry Fox Drive .
Architectural style
The Chimo Drive area , in particular , has preserved its original architectural style , remarkable for its wide lots heavily treed with evergreens and birch , pedestrian-friendly globe-style lawn lamps , and no sidewalks . There is a variety of house models of similar style , set well back from the streets , and their earth-toned exteriors and low-pitch roofs contribute to the natural , almost cottage-country feel of this community .
The more recently developed areas between Kakulu Road and Hazeldean Road , and between Castlefrank Road and Terry Fox Drive , are more modern and somewhat higher-density , but also have the lawn lamps and networks of connecting pathways characteristic of neighbourhoods established during the period when a municipal committee existed to uphold Kanata neighbourhood-design standards .
Streetlighting
Through the community associations and the Councillor 's offices , residents of Kanata have been working hard over the years to maintain a `` dark skies '' policy to prevent light pollution . Any new lighting fixtures have to meet certain standards for illumination .
Most of the streetlighting in the area is provided by low-level lawn lights and a few remaining illuminated street-name boxes . Unlike most other areas in Kanata , the underground wiring system in the Chimo Drive area is maintained by the city . As the circuits are nearly 40 years old and are reaching the end of their service life , local residents and the community association will be given a choice in the style of lights from a number of options in the city 's new right-of-way lighting policy . This first happened in 2003 on Amundsen Crescent .
The experience of replacing the eye-friendly lawn lights with standard high-mast high-pressure sodium ( HPS ) streetlights on Amundsen Crescent did not significantly improve illumination levels ( many shadows and poor colour rendering ) , making it less pedestrian-friendly . Although the tall HPS street lights meet dark-sky requirements , their position and intensity make it difficult for pedestrians to see the stars .
Services and amenities
Four elementary schools : Katimavik Elementary School ( English public , French-immersion ) , Castlefrank Elementary School ( English public ) , Holy Redeemer ( English Catholic ) , and Roger-Saint-Denis ( French Catholic ) . Both Katimavik and Roger-Saint-Denis ranked among the top ten schools in Ontario in 2009 .
One high school : Holy Trinity Catholic High School
Highway access : three exits offer access to/from Highway 417 : 138 ( Eagleson Road ) , 139 ( Castlefrank Road/Kanata Avenue , a half-interchange ) , and 140 ( Terry Fox Drive ) .
Public transit ( OC Transpo ) : Main service is route 96 , connecting to downtown along Castlefrank Road and Katimavik Road , and Eagleson Station . Hazeldean Road and Terry Fox Drive to Katimavik are served by route 118 and Eagleson Road is served by route 164 . Express service downtown in rush hour is provided by routes 61 and 62 . Additional local service is provided on a limited basis by route 161 .
Parks and recreation : Several large open and wooded areas ( including Katimavik Woods , Watts Creek , Cattail Creek , Larsen , Pickford , Irwin Gate , Hewitt , The Escarpment , Hazeldean Woods , Haywood , Sewell , Rowe , Dorey , Stonegate Park , Gesner , Dunlop and Young 's Pond Park ) , connected by a network of footpaths . Kanata Leisure Complex ( with wave pool ) . Kanata Recreation Complex ( arenas ) , Walter Baker Park toboggan hill , Ron Maslin Playhouse . Outdoor public pool and wading pool at Katimavik Elementary School . Outdoor rinks at Young 's Pond Park and behind Katimavik School are maintained by local users and the Katimavik Hazeldean Community Association .
Shopping : Kanata Town Centre with shopping and restaurant strips along Hazeldean Road and Terry Fox Drive serve within the community . Along the borders of Katimavik Hazeldean are Kanata Centrum and Hazeldean Mall and strips on the South side of Hazeldean Road Small neighbourhood malls are located on Kakulu Road near Eagleson Road and on Katimavik Road near Terry Fox Drive .
Health care : A medical centre ( walk-in clinic , multiple specialists , medical laboratory , and pharmacy ) is centrally located at Kakulu and Castlefrank roads , and there is a walk-in clinic at Kanata Town Centre . Nearby hospitals : Queensway-Carleton and Carleton Place .
Notable residents
Chris Neil – hockey player ( former resident )
External links
Katimavik-Hazeldean Community Association
References
Neighbourhoods in Ottawa
